
THE BILL TRAVIS MYSTERIES SAMPLER

GEORGE WIER 
The Bill Travis Mysteries Sampler
Copyright © July 2012 by George Wier

Published by
Flagstone Books at Smashwords

Including the complete text of:
The Last Call—A Bill Travis Mystery

And excerpts from the following:

Capitol Offense
Longnecks & Twisted Hearts
The Devil To Pay
Death On The Pedernales
Slow Falling
Caddo Cold
Arrowmoon

And Short Stories:
A Day In The Life
An Unfinished (And Unfinishable) Story

And:
An Essay: A Few More Words, Or Who’s Feeding Bill’s Fish

All Rights Reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior permission of the Publisher, excepting brief quotes written in connection with reviews written specifically for a magazine or newspaper.
CONTENTS

The Last Call
The complete text of the novel

Excerpts from:

Capitol Offense

Longnecks & Twisted Hearts
Author’s Note

The Devil To Pay
Author’s Note

Death On The Pedernales
Author’s Note

Slow Falling
Author’s Note

Caddo Cold
Author’s Note

Arrowmoon
Author’s Note

A Day In The Life—A Short Story

An Unfinished (An Unfinishable) Story

And A Few More Words, Or Who’s Feeding Bill’s Fish?





THE LAST CALL

A Bill Travis Mystery

GEORGE WIER

THE LAST CALL starts with a protagonist on the edge of an impending midlife crisis. Add a blond and an old friend with a fetish for high explosives, and you have the kickoff of a first rate crime novel. George Wier writes with wit, verve, and a gut‑bucket knowledge of Texas and those who people its quirky underside.   This book does not disappoint.

—Milton T. Burton, author of Nights of the Red Moon and The Rogue’s Game.

George Wier's THE LAST CALL has it all: a great setting, characters you care about, a little Texas history, and a twisty plot that's built Texas tough.  Get it before last call!

—Bill Crider, author of Murder In the Air.


DEDICATION

For Sallie, the love of my life.


ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

There are many individuals—far too many to count—who are ultimately responsible for making me a better writer and better human being, and many were there with me from the beginning.  Of that crew, a vital few stand out.  They are: Robbie and Cheryl Taylor, Deborah English, Milton Burton, Jeff Fischer, Donna and Bernard Boling, Russ and Lauren DeWitt, Claudia Diaz, and especially my family, Sallie, Joseph and Maggie, and Carlie and Scott.  I dearly love all of you people.  Thank you for me. 


PROLOGUE

The concrete-walled room had not seen daylight in eighty years.  Its only visitors were the occasional mouse or dung beetle which died of thirst or hunger shortly after happening along.  There was a growing collection of the bones and husks of such spread around in little dried piles.  The room’s furnishings—which consisted of little more than a small card table and a turn-of-the-century rocking chair—had been perfectly preserved in the dry, North Texas climate, and the rooms only permanent occupant, seated in the rocking chair, grinned vacantly in the dark, waiting to greet the first interloper to come along.
The occupant was a skeleton, little more than fine clothing over crumbling, desiccated flesh and protruding bone.  Had the skeleton still retained its meat and had blood still coursed through its now empty spaces, it would have been surprised at the sudden present that shushed through the inky blackness overhead and landed on its lap, cracking its pelvis and sending decades of dust flying.
The present, a leather physicians bag, itself an antique, was partially open.  The bag landed upside down and its contents spilled out onto the dust-laden trousers and slapped down onto the concrete floor with a dull thud.
Perhaps if the occupant still had eyes with which to see and a light to see by, it would have seen the denominations of the bills in each deck of a hundred, and perhaps after a lifetime spent in earnest chasing after just such, it would have grinned even wider, if old corpses could.
Instead it accepted the gift from above silently and began again to mark time in the dark as it had done for decades.
Outside, above, lightning flashed and thunder boomed.
Inside, the dust that had for a brief moment stirred, slowly settled back down.


CHAPTER ONE

All the hell started on Monday morning while I was driving north to work along the Loop near the pulsing heart of Austin.  Traffic was bumper-to-bumper—I could have made as much headway on foot.
I kept seeing this red roadster.  Flashy.  One of those kit jobs that make no pretense at posing as original.  One minute it was behind me and I could see it in my side view mirror, then in a flash past me, several cars ahead, then I passed it again.  I wouldn't have cared too much about the roadster, only there was this girl.  Story of my life.
A man gets up into his late thirties and the chances are he stops looking and begins observing.  I don't know when exactly this happened to me.  Couldn't pin it to a day or even a year, really.  Just sort of crept in and one day I found myself completely aloof in my watching; peripheral vision on automatic.  Not shifty, no.  But peripheral.  That in spades.  
The girl in the roadster that morning knew I was looking, but I got the feeling that she didn’t mind so much.  I caught just the hint of a smile as she trundled up even with me one more time, just before I had to pass her again.
She had big hair, even though it was tied off into a ponytail.  Women with ponytails do funny things to me.  This one had both a ponytail and hair with actual mass to it, but at the same time her hair looked fine, like baby hair.  It was reddish blond, the color of an East Texas sunset—that's where I'm from—and it rippled like the wind through the high grass.  Also, she wore huge, snotty sunglasses.  In a word she wore “bitch” like a totem, except of course for her mouth, her glorious soft mouth.
Behind me, ahead of me, behind.
I didn't turn my head.  Not even once.
But then she came right alongside.  My exit lane was coming up, but suddenly I wasn’t taking it.  I had bigger fish to fry.  My aging heart, God bless it, didn't even miss a chug—too seasoned to stop working over a goddess in traffic.  There was a dead standstill ahead, likely some kind of accident.  Happens every day in the big city.  Unlucky for somebody else, but so far I was liking it.
My peripheral vision extended to encompass points west, like maybe Fiji Island.  My window was cracked just two inches—enough to muss my hair a little—and the wind was coming from that way and upon my life I could smell her.  
My finger jabbed at the window button, lowering it to half mast.  I knew she was still looking.  It felt like she wanted me to look at her. 
I counted: one-miss-iss-ipp-i-two-miss-iss-ipp-i-three-miss-iss-ipp-i, and turned slowly.  No smile.  Just deadpan.  A guy in traffic on his way to work.
She removed her sunglasses and smiled a little and old faithful betrayed me:  Clang!
I looked at her and tried not to smile, which was difficult, the way she smiled at me.  Playful, as if to say:  “There are possibilities here.  The door is slightly ajar.  Maybe you could come on in.  Maybe not.  We’ll see.”  She was the cat and I the mouse and some kind of game was in progress.
I wasn’t paying any attention to what was going on ahead of me, and it just so happened that that was the game she’d been playing all along—distraction. 
She looked forward, taking those lovely eyes off me.
When I finally looked forward, the line ahead of me had moved up perhaps fifty or so yards.
My right foot began the motion to switch from brake to gas and before that small space between foot and pedal was closed completely I heard rubber peeling on asphalt in a growing whine.  There was a red and white blur just as I pushed on the gas and my reflex was to brake again, but before I could even do that the beautiful girl with the man-slaying smile and the bitch glasses and the red roadster that I wouldn’t have minded too much sitting in my own driveway darted into the narrow space between me and the car ahead of her and my heart lurched and my ears winced in anticipation of a metal-on-metal screech that didn’t come.
I suppose my ears turned red.  It felt like that, anyway.  Maybe someone behind me had seen it all and knew that I’d been played for a fool.
And maybe not.  The problem was that I knew. 
As the shock wore off I moved forward again, my window full up now and destined to remain so.  I’d been thoroughly put in my place.
By the time I got caught up to the traffic in front of me the red roadster with the snotty little bitch had switched lanes again, merged into moving traffic and was gone.
So what does a man who’s a blink away from forty do?  He does what he’s supposed to do.  He goes to work as if nothing has happened at all.

*****

“Good morning, Mr. Travis,” Penelope, my receptionist said.  No difference between this and any other given morning.  Sometimes I wished Penny wasn’t so damned cute.  That morning her cuteness was slightly accusatory.
I smiled and nodded and quickly disappeared around the corner and down the hall and into my office.  Comfort and safety was to be found there.  
I dropped my briefcase into a chair covered with papers and marveled that nothing spilled.
I made a quick jaunt down to the kitchen for a cup of hot coffee and managed to catch Nat Bierstone’s back disappearing into his own office where he’d probably be until about lunch time.
Back to my Corinthian leather executive chair.  I propped my Dr. Martins up on my desk at the same time that I noticed a stack of bills that needed to be paid before the week was done.  I’d get around to it.
I sipped my coffee, read the sports section and began to enliven.
I was in the middle of an article on Lance Armstrong, who could probably ride through hell and back on a bicycle—and I was enjoying the article—when my phone buzzer went off.  That’s almost always the way it happens.
“Yeah, Penny?”
“Mr. Travis, your first appointment is here.”
Appointment?  I didn’t have any appointments.  I always kept my own calendar, so no one else actually knew my schedule.
“Penny, are you sure this not Mr. Bierstone’s appointment?”
“Uh, sir.  Mr. Bierstone had me leave a message for you.  He wanted you to talk to her.”
“I didn’t get any message,” I said, and just as the last word was out of my mouth my eyes came to rest on a small pink phone message tear-out sheet underneath the heel of my shoe on my desk top.
“Wait, think I found it.”
Sure enough.
“Okay, Penny. Give me a minute, then send her in.”  I hung up.
I quickly started clearing my desk.  Where does all the paper come from?  I have a theory about paperwork:  I’m certain it mates and reproduces during the night.
I swept the stack of bills and the large index card box on top of it (my client file system—I don’t trust computers, or at least not with that kind of information) under my arm, toted it over to the file cabinet, opened a drawer and dropped it, slammed it shut.
By the time I was back standing in front of my desk and surveying the room, the door opened.
And, of course, it was her.
The roadster girl, bitch-glasses and all.

*****

The moment of recognition was priceless.
Her eyes widened, her mouth dropped slightly open.  She tried to remove her sunglasses but only managed to drop them.  I took three long steps toward her, bent quickly and picked them up just as she was beginning to stoop down.
I smiled, meeting her eyes.
“Hi,” I told her, pressing her sunglasses back into her delicate hand.  She looked down at them as if I’d given her a little present of some sort, realized what they were and tucked them into her purse.
“Uh, hi.”
“Miss Simmons?” I asked.
“Um.  Yes.  Listen, Mr. Travis.  I have to say I’m sorry for cutting you off like that.”
“What are the odds, huh?  Don’t mention it.  It’s forgotten.  Come on and have a seat.  Would you like some coffee?”
I took her by the elbow, guided her, effortlessly.
She was beautiful.  I caught the scent of something.  An exotic fragrance.  Couldn’t name it if I tried.  I successfully resisted the urge to ask her what it was.  
She took the proffered chair.  I sat down at my desk, facing her.
She just sat looking at me.  Not smiling.  There was a tiny wrinkle in her otherwise perfect forehead, the beginning knit of a frown.
“How can I help you?”
“Mr. Travis.  I’m not sure you can.  I’m not sure anybody can.”
I’d heard this before.  A few times it’s been true. It’s a marvel to me the whole spectrum of trouble that human beings can get themselves into.  I suppose I’ve seen most everything.
“I know it must really appear that way,” I told her, trying not to smile.  I suppose I was a little amused, and at her expense.  “Just about anything can be untangled, if you know which string to pull.”
“Which string,” she said.  Not a question.  She was no longer looking at me but at the shelf behind me.  Actually I’d say she was peering into some dark space in the universe of her mind.
“Right,” I said.  “Why don’t you just start—”
”At the beginning?”
“Well...  Okay.  You can start there if you want to.”
Her face reddened.  Cheeks puffed up just a bit.  There was moisture stealing into the inside corners of her exotic, slightly feline eyes.  My stomach did a little gymnastics, a little back flip that it was out of practice on.  If she started crying, I thought I might fall in love.
Please don’t cry, bitch lady?  I pleaded with her silently.
Damn but she was gorgeous.  Those green eyes the color of a field of clover.  Shiny auborn blond hair down to her delicate shoulders.  A smallish bone structure with a perfect thin neck and oh so perfect little wrists.
“Mr. Travis,” she began, and sniffed once, delicately.
“Call me Bill.”
“Bill.  Have you ever been afraid?”

*****

There are some people that you just don’t cross.  Julie Simmons had made it a point to cross the exactly wrong person, a North Texas liquor baron named Archie Carpin, distant relative to the Carpins of Signal Hill and Stinnett up in the Texas Panhandle. 
I’d read up on the Carpin Gang and some of the 1930’s depression desperadoes before, back in the days when I actually did my assigned college research.  I’d even gone once and kicked around up in Hutchinson County in North Texas, poked my nose into the abandoned, decaying buildings and rust-encrusted oil derricks of that ghost town.  It was private property and I didn’t exactly have permission, but when you’re young you tend to think you’ve got license to look where you want, do what you want.  Also, you tend to think and act like you’re immortal—at least I did, which, at that time, was pretty close to the truth.  What was amazing to me was that anybody else knew about Signal Hill and those old-time gangsters, but here was this pretty girl who had cut me off in traffic giving me chapter and verse.
Back during the early 1920’s the Carpin brothers ran the small slapped-together oil boomtown a few miles east of Stinnett in what was little more than a den of bootleggers, gamblers and other criminals of low order. During those days of big bands and prohibition, men on the far side of the law either rose to the top of the heap or got stomped under. For a brief time the Carpins were on the top of that heap. When Signal Hill was cleaned out by the Texas Rangers in 1927, the former boomtown imploded and the Carpins, who had managed to avoid arrest and capture, had dispersed.  When I went up there to look around back in the mid 1980’s there was little left.  So when the girl with the bitch sunglasses and the too-cute frown mentioned Carpin’s name, I naturally questioned her on it, and she not only admitted that the man who was after her was one of those Carpins, but that he was proud of his heritage.
There was one question though, once I put it to her, that she didn’t want to answer, and, therefore, it was the one thing that I had to keep putting back in her court each time she attempted to bat it away.  The question was, of course:  “What did you do?”
When she finally told me, I had to contain myself from bursting into laughter.
She finished the story.  I could tell that she’d left out quite a bit.
“I’m not sure I can help you,”  I said.  She frowned.  There was bit of shocked expression on her face.
“Look,”  I said.  “Miss Simmons.  My clients are...”
“What?”
“Well.  I have to walk a very...  I just can’t—No one could just walk in and ask someone to...  Look, if we so much as took one step outside of the bounds of—”
She kept turning her head slowly, cocking it, waiting for me to finish.  I found I didn’t have the words.
“Mr. Travis,” she said.  “It’s two million dollars.”
I’m not normally impressed with money, of any denomination.  But two million?  
“So you’re not exactly here to turn yourself in,” I said.
“Getting arrested wouldn’t be half bad.  I’d stand a better chance of surviving, I think,” she said.  “And if I don’t get some help and don’t get arrested, or get somewhere safe, then I’ll be dead.”
She must have caught the quizzical look on my face.
“I don’t have the money on me!” she said.
I looked closely at her, searched for some hint, some shred of evidence in her eyes that something of what she told me wasn’t true.  I didn’t find it.
She unzipped her small, tan clutch purse and pulled forth three pathetic-looking, wadded-up hundred dollar bills.  She was about to give them to me.
A tear slipped down her cheek.
Very suddenly the room felt warm, like someone had cranked up the heat.  Possibly my ears were turning red again.  I couldn’t let her give me the money, no matter what else was going to happen.
“Miss Simmons—”
”Julie,” she said, her voice just above a whimper.  Her face was flushed and the muscles around her mouth were tight.
There, across from me over the dark gulf of my rosewood desk, was a girl who was used to helping herself.  A girl who took her chances, to be sure, but who normally won out in the end.  And here she was at the end of her rope.  I at least knew enough to know that I had to know more, and that if it were possible, I would help.  And it wasn’t as though I had any choice in the matter. No woman I had ever known had thus far been able to penetrate my armor with the simple expedient of tears. But it was not only this that drew me to her so inevitably and completely—it was also the simplest and yet most profound of feelings.  And it was actually her feelings.  It was her sense of utter embarrassment that she had to ask for help to begin with.
“Julie.” I said.  “Are you hungry?”
“Starved,” she said after a short pause.  Her head tilted to the left.  A little smile was on the verge of taking up residence.
“Would you like to have a little breakfast with me?” I asked.
“God, yes,” she said, smiling suddenly past her tears.
“Good,” I said.  “I know just the place.”


CHAPTER TWO

There are places to get good coffee and a decent breakfast and be in your own crowd.  The place I took Miss Simmons was nothing like that.  Nestled in a predominantly lower class neighborhood on the East Side of Interstate 35 there is a hole-in-the-wall place where they start the barbecue about ten years ahead of time and the wood smoke hangs about in the late morning hours like London fog.  We had places like that back where I grew up, and I made it a point to find one about the second day of my life in Austin, Texas. 
My old Mercedes was parked underneath probably the only willow tree in East Austin, not ten feet away.
The two of us sat just outside the screen porch at a rickety, paint-peeled picnic table as the April sun rose toward zenith between draping willow branches.  I found myself wondering whether or not I'd died and gone someplace I couldn't begin to deserve.  Her sunglasses lay not an inch from my right hand, which held the scalding cup of coffee from which I sipped.
I heard the familiar crunch of heavy footsteps drawing close from around the wisteria bush close by.
“Julie,” I said, “I’d like for you to meet a friend of mine.”
She stood up halfway, and I suppose because of my upbringing, I found myself standing as well.
“This is Lawrence White,” I told her.  “Lawrence, meet Julie Simmons.”
Lawrence White was a gentle giant.  He was a mountainous, dark-skinned, Haystack Calhoun-of-a-man with a blood-red apron already stained with his homemade barbecue sauce.  The smile Lawrence wore on his face that morning was slightly nervous, as if he was in the presence of royalty.  I’d never seen the man act that way before, but then again I’d never seen him in the presence of a beautiful woman before.  I’ve seen men who have gone through some of the worst hells that men have ever experienced under fire who when they came face to face with a beautiful woman became slightly less articulate than your average garden squash, which is descriptive of how Lawrence White was acting.
“Lawrence,” I said. “Shake her hand.”
He did.
“It’s nice to meet you, Lawrence.”
“Uh.  You too,” he said.
Julie’s arm got a good workout as he shook it up and down.
“Lawrence,” I said.  “How about two plates of your world-famous breakfast?”
“You got it, Chief,” he said, finally looking at me, his face breaking into a huge, boyish grin.
For a moment he just stood there, his attention back on Julie, who sat back down and looked up, smiling at him.
Just great, I thought.  But then he looked back at me and must have noted my frown, because he turned back around and trudged back to the house, his shoulders now properly hunched.
Within ten minutes we had two small paper plates in front of each of us complete with plastic fork, two fried eggs sunny side up, a slice of Jimmy Dean sausage and a healthy pile of banana pudding.
For awhile there under the shade of that willow tree on that first morning, I would have sworn that the woman was happy.  What a difference.  Twenty minutes before she had looked like the most pathetic creature in existence.
Okay.  Not a bitch, I decided.
I watched Julie as she attacked her eggs, not chipping away at the flanks but going for the heart. 
I suppose I was smiling at her, enthralled.
“So what's your story?” she asked me between mouthfuls of egg.
“Story?”
“Everybody's got one.”
“So they say,” I told her.
“Yeah.  So let's hear it.”
“Well, lessee,” I began, not knowing quite how to do so, so I just started at the beginning.  “I was born and bred about a hundred and forty miles east of here, been to more Texas A&M bonfires than I can count, survived junior high and high school somehow and the idiots graduated me.  I took some pre-law classes at Sam Houston State, then decided that it wasn’t my thing.  I went to grad school at the University of Houston and again somebody goofed and I got a sheepskin.  One marriage, ten years.  Bad divorce.  No kids.  Still love her, though.  Suppose I always will.  I know.  Stupid of me.  Three year fiancée-ship with another one, but we broke up and got back together so many times that any marriage would have been doomed.  For awhile though, her kid was my kid.  Good kid.  Not the best mother, though.  So...  I'm here in Austin and it's all work and no play makes Bill a dull boy.  That's about it.”
“Gonna stick to that story, huh?”, she asked, forkful of banana pudding suspended in time and space between us for emphasis.
“Wouldn't you?”
“Yeah, except in my case it’d be a lot different.”
“So your turn now,” I said.  Bold of me. 
“Aw man!” she said in sudden disappointment and dropped her fork.
“What?”
“Pudding is too sweet!”  It could have been a report like Micronesia sinking beneath the sea or killer tornadoes in the Midwest.  
The shifting pattern of willow frond shade and sunlight in her hair with shimmers of pure spun gold, delicate sharp pink tongue removing pudding from her front teeth, soft yet piercing green eyes with too much knowledge about the world and not enough of the mundane; and dark secrets hidden like treasures, the way squirrels will hide their nuts.  I suppose from that moment I was in love.  A dead man.  No mourners, please, just shovel in the dirt and shut up.  
“Besides,” she said.  “You wouldn't be interested.”
“Oh, believe me.  I am.”  I took a strong draw of coffee and the movement of the earth slowed a bit.
The most amazing thing happened!  She clucked, three times.  Her tongue against the roof of her mouth pulled down quick.  My idiot heart stopped, then resumed a full three beats later.  
“Okay.  You really wanna know, I'm gonna tell you.  I survived a bad cocaine addiction when I was in the tenth grade.  Was pregnant in the eleventh and carried it for six months, then miscarried.  My mother and father were murdered while I was away in rehab for the second time.  They were watching Punky Brewster and he, or maybe they—no one really knows—just came in and blew them both away and made off with the jewelry, the silver, the electronics, everything.  I never graduated from high school.  No GED either.  I married the Coca-Cola guy from the rehab just so I would have a place to go after I got out, you know, somebody to take care of me.  Three years later I realized I had his I.Q. plus another forty points, so I hopped on a bus to Las Vegas.  I won't tell you what I did there.  You wouldn't approve.  I've lived in Sacramento, New York, Boston, Greensboro, Fort Myers, Mercer Island, and six months on a pineapple plantation on Molokai.  Then, of course, back to Vegas.  While I was there this last time I ran into a really bad character named Carpin who had more money than sense—that’s had, for sure—and that about brings us up to present time.  I've been married four times but I'm not wearing any rings now.  And all work and no play makes Julie a dull girl.  That's it.”
I checked to see if my mouth was wide open.  It wasn't.
“I understand.”  It's all I could say.
Her jaw dropped.  I swigged at my coffee.
“No.  You don't understand, Bill.  My middle name is Trouble.  You should run.  Now.  Very fast.”
I had no excuse after that.  I’d been officially warned.  A lot of good it would do me.
“But you won't,” she said.  “Will you?”  I couldn’t tell whether she was begging me to get up and leave or begging me to stay.  Probably more than a little of both.
“Not on your life.  How old are you Julie?  I'm thirty-nine.”
“Thirty-two.”  There was a long pause.  You could almost say the pause was pregnant.  “So, Mr. Travis.  Bill.  What do you want to do now?”
I didn’t even have to think about my response.  “If you really want to know, what I’d like to do more than anything is spend the rest of the day in bed.”
“With me?”  She didn’t miss a beat.
“Not by myself.”
Her face turned a shade of scarlet.
“Yeah,” she said.  “Let’s go.”

*****

I’ve always had this strict policy.  Never take a client to bed.  It’s a violation of just about every ethical code imaginable.
The only problem is there has to be one exception to every rule.  Well, that’s my story and I’m sticking to it. 
Julie and I spent most of the rest of that first day in the sack with only the occasional jaunt to the surface for air, food, water, and other necessities. 
We finally came all the way up to the surface of our ocean of lust long enough to dress ourselves and step out for awhile.  
I took her out on the town.  After driving around for a good hour I remembered a very special spot I hadn’t visited in a few years:  the Captain’s Cabin, down at Ski Shores on Town Lake.  It was the most out-of-the-way venue I could think of going and still stay in the same city.  The place is one of Austin’s little-known secrets.
Sure enough, the place was still standing.  
Over a couple of beers at an outdoor picnic table right on the water of Town Lake we got to know each other a little more, even over the melodic din of a native-Austin folk singer with a good sense of lyrics, not a bad voice, and a propensity to turn the amp up too loud.
After the food arrived we ate, made eyes at each other and soaked up the atmosphere and the loud music.  As we finished our hamburgers and onion rings, the singer took a break.
“Bill,” she said.  “You know all that stuff I told you about all the husbands and miscarriage and everything.  Some of that’s not completely true.”
“Why’d you tell me that stuff, then?” I asked.
“Because,” she said and then looked down at the table, unable to look me in the eye. “I wanted to shock you.  I wanted you to not be interested in me.  It didn’t work.  Did you believe me?”
“I believed everything you said.  And I believe you now.”
“Why?”
“Because.  Because you look like you could use a little faith right now.  And because I damn well like you.  I don’t think there’s anything you could tell me that would make me not like you.”
And then the tears came again, slow but certain, and then, afterwards, came a smile like warm sunshine.
“Bill,” she said.  “You never did answer my question this morning.”
“Which question was that?”
“Have you ever been afraid?”
“Can’t say as I have,” I told her.
“That’s what I thought,” she said and upended her Budweiser long neck.
I found myself looking out over the water at her back.  Across the lake there were mansions on the height, new homes built by new money scant yards from the cliff and a hundred yard tumbling fall.  Out on the lake the jet skis and pleasure craft had lessened with the rapidly descending twilight.  But all the while I was really looking at Julie, my new lover, and hoping it would last, thinking that it just could, and also hoping I’d be able to harden my heart a little just in case it didn’t.
And it hit me.
Fear.  It’s what I felt right then and there.

*****

Traveling back home that evening as a brilliant, fading sun tracked the last arc of purplish sky, Julie and I took the winding, twisting City Park Road through the rocky countryside west of Austin.  A sense of calm and surreality came over me.  I turned to look at her as I felt her fingers interlace with mine.  She flicked her eyes my way and smiled, then turned back to take in the vista as we topped another hill.  Something in my chest thudded fatalistically.  I was either sinking or swimming.  I had no way of knowing which as yet.  If I drowned soon, then I’d know, or, conversely, if I didn’t, I’d also know.
By the time we made it back to my split-level home in Westlake Hills night had fallen and it had grown cold out.
Once inside I opened a bottle of port and got the fireplace going.  There was one rough moment when I realized I’d forgotten to open the flue and managed to singe some of the hair off my arm getting it open.  The house got a little too smoky so I opened up a few windows.  Julie laughed at my antics.  That sort of stuff seems to happen to me all the time.  By the time the flames were roaring and the small pine knots were cracking and we were sipping our port, all the questions that I had been holding back from asking her seemed to be wrong for the mood I had set.  So, instead of talking we found other things to occupy us.

*****

One time during the night we found ourselves both awake and whispering to each other.
“Bill?”  Julie asked.
“Yeah?”
“What is it that you do?”
“I help people, darlin’,” I said.  I didn’t have to pause on that one.
“If that’s not a practiced answer, I’ve never heard one.”
“Yeah.  Okay.  I’ve said it a few times too many.”
“Yeah.  So answer.”
“People who have problems with money come to me.  I solve their problems.”
“You launder money?”
“Hey,” I said.  Not a whisper.  “I do not launder money.”
“What do you do then?”
“I spread it around.  And it comes back.  But the people who come to me are good people—meaning not criminals.”
“I’m no criminal,” she said.  Did I detect a little poutiness in her voice?
“No.  You’re not a criminal.  You’re just a thief.”

*****

Julie talked in her sleep, or rather she talked in her nightmares.  Those squirreled-away secrets normally kept hidden behind her soft green eyes and even softer lips came out and showed shadows and corners of themselves.
Across her delicate face there was a soft splash of blue light from my fish tank.  In there I keep Tiger Oscars, Jack Dempseys, and an African Knife, all cichlids imported from Lake Victoria, a dark ocean and an even darker continent away.  Huge fish shadows swam over her face, possibly evoking these dreams, these torments.  I could have awakened her, sure.  But then again I was under some kind of spell.  Really, I could no more have brought myself to do it than I could have granted her immortality.
“Doan,” she murmured, which I translated as “don't.”
“Doan.” Again.
“No, Ray.”
Who's Ray?
“Please. Not there. Doan shoot me there...”
Shoot?  Either a gun or a needle.  God, I thought, please let it be only a needle.
“Raa-aaa-AAAY!”
She cried out and a shiver knifed through my stomach.
I reached for her but my hand didn’t even make half the distance.  She awoke, eyes stark and wide in the blue light and she was in motion and hitting me and screaming.
“NO! I SAID NOOO!”
A rake of nails across my ribs like the track a red hot poker might make.  A cuff to the chin and for just an instant there were little splashes of light and my adrenalin kicked in and I was strong and grabbed her and held her.
“Julie!  It's me!  It's Bill!”
Eyes frozen, locked on mine in the submarine glow.  First horror.  Dawning recognition.  Wonder.
“It's okay,” I cooed to her.  “I've got you.”  I put my arms fully around her and held her to me, tight.  “It was a dream.”
“Oh... uh... Bill.  God.  Bill.  I'm...  suh...  suh...  sorry.”  Her voice broke.
She cried like that for five minutes until her cries became sobs and even the sobs soon drew away into silence as I held her.  We found ourselves looking into each other's eyes and she kissed me and I kissed her back and we were making love yet again, and I wasn’t thirty-nine but eighteen, or maybe sixteen, and our bodies and our thoughts and what we could see and touch and feel became one thing.
And it wasn’t even Tuesday yet.  


CHAPTER THREE

It was Tuesday.  I usually don’t know what day it is.  I met Julie on Monday and either that was ten years ago or yesterday.  
I was up by six a.m. and there she sat on my barstool in the breakfast nook, wearing my Notre Dame t-shirt and stirring coffee.  An angel if there ever was one.  I don’t ever recall using the breakfast nook for breakfast.  What guy without a woman would?
“Hey,” I said, and she looked up.  A smile spread across her face and I noticed the little dimple in her chin for the first time when she smiled big.  Too angelic for even Notre Dame.
“'Morning,” Julie said.  It was a good sound for that room.
“Coffee, huh?”
“Yeah.  Bill.  I have to tell you something.”
“Here it comes, “ I said.
“Told ya to run.”
“And how fast.  So what is it?”
“Bill.  I like you a lot.  I can't stay though.  There's Jake and Freddie, two of Archie’s men.  They wield guns the way lawyers wield briefs.  If they find me I might not live through it, and if you're with me you definitely won't.  And you're entirely too cute to fit for cement shoes.”
I took down my David Letterman cup and poured the last of the coffee.  She was probably already on her second or third cup.  
“Jake and Freddie, huh?”
“Yeah.”
She sighed, sipped at her coffee and looked off into space.  I wished that I knew what she was looking at.
“I don't want to go, even though I know I have to,” she said.
“Okay,” I said.  Sometimes it’s best if a fellow just lets a woman say what it is she wants to say.  All you have to do is let her know you’ve heard her.
“Good.  Just so you know.” She got up, came over to me where I leaned back against the stove.  She put her arms around me and rested her head on my chest.  I could smell her hair.  It was fine hair, like baby hair.  I’d been right that first morning.  Was that yesterday?  The scent of her stirred around in my head, making my knees weak.
Julie looked into my eyes.  It was almost as if they'd changed color.  They’d become more smoky, and all leprechaun green.  
“Hey,” I said.  “What you may not know is that I've got friends in low places.”
“That’s sort of hard to believe,” she said.
“Ha!  Believe me.”
“Yeah?” she said.  Her face was getting puffy, like maybe she’d start crying any second.
“Look,” I said.  “I’m gonna help you.  Wherever you have to go or whatever you feel you gotta do, I’m gonna help you.”
A tear paused, preparatory to rolling down her cheek.
“Sometimes I think you're not real,” she said.
“Yeah,” I said.  “I’ve heard that before.”
“But you are.  You really are.  Okay, Bill.  You can help.  I don’t know how I’ll ever be able to repay you.”
She wiped the tear away.
Fish shadows swam in my thoughts.
“We’ll think of something,” I said. 

*****

You can’t learn to get around in your own line of work without learning a little something about the history of your own particular area of specialization.  One of my specialties was moving money around—legitimately.  My clientele are special and they have special needs.
I’d started off as an investment counselor back in 1988 and quickly found that it’s not so easy to get ahead unless you have clients.  I looked around at all the other fellows who graduated with me and found that few of them were earning more than enough than it would take to just begin to whet my appetite, and so I made a conscious decision to strike out in my own direction.
I originally started my firm out of an efficiency apartment three blocks off the drag in Austin.  Why Austin?  For one thing, I’d quickly grown tired of Houston during my five years there while attending the University of Houston.  For another, it appeared that the market was pretty well cornered on the investment racket there by the late 1980’s, about the time I graduated and was looking around for a way to make some money in my chosen profession.
And what’s my profession?
I help people.
Some of my clients have run into legal trouble—or maybe they want to avoid running into legal trouble, whatever the case may be—and I help them.
I’ve found that people fall into two categories.  Cash rich, in which case they need to dump some of it—or cash poor, in which case they need some.  That’s where I come in.
But we were talking about history.
Aside from all the required college classes with desiccated old instructors doling out daily chapter assignments, a certain amount of required outside reading and the re-interpretation of tax law changes that each student must digest and regurgitate, some of it going back to the nineteenth century, college for me had one saving grace: in my junior year I took a course in Criminal Syndicates of the Southwest, taught by an overweight and edgy former trial lawyer who had been in a car collision years before that had left him a paraplegic.  However good or not so good he may have been in court in days gone by—and let me tell you, after the first day of class that year, I was certain that he’d been a god—he did one thing well:  he made the men and the times of his favorite era—the Great Depression—live and breathe.  Since that class I’d held a grim fascination for historic Texas criminals, some of the notorious gangsters of the 1920’s and 30’s, and not just Bonnie and Clyde, who had little more going for them than a species of dumb luck and a tad more than their fair share of press.  All by way of saying that there were other folks running around back then along the unpaved Texas back roads and through open range country.  For instance, Raymond Hamilton and Joe Palmer were an unlucky pair who were once confederates of Clyde Barrow up in West Dallas.  At one time Ray was public enemy #1.  Both Ray and Joe were put to death in the electric chair about eight minutes apart back in 1935 for the killing of a prison guard during their escape from Eastham prison farm.  At one time they’d had the entire nation looking for them.  Ray and Joe were also confederates of Whitey Walker and Blackie Thompson, two of the worst desperadoes ever to hit the Southwest.  In 1926, Whitey, Blackie and a fellow named Matthew Carpin put together one of the most successful though short-lived crime syndicates in U.S. history by taking over a mining camp called Signal Hill up in the Texas Panhandle.  For one brief year they ran the illegal moonshine trade, set up gambling houses, whorehouses, master-minded and staged robberies, and took a cut from every job that went down within a hundred miles of the place.  Things got so bad that Governor Moody had to declare martial law, and sent a detachment of Texas Rangers to bring some semblance of social order.
I recall noting the description of one of the Rangers as he topped the last North Texas hill just after sunset and looked down upon the mining camp.  From the hills and valleys surrounding the sprawling, thrown-together patchwork town there rose a black caul of soot from the carbon black plants that had sprung up after the oil strike.  And within a hundred yards of each well head there was a continuous plume of fire rising into the night, the burn-off of the escaping natural gas.  The ranger scratched his head, turned to his companion and said:  “My friend, all my life I have kept in my mind an image of what hell must look like, and now I have found it.”
That was Signal Hill.  And in those days “Signal Hill” and the name “Carpin” were rarely spoken very far apart from each other.  That name wasn’t exactly one of the nicest family names to carry around.  I wondered how his offspring had turned out.
The original Carpin had made a fortune at Signal Hill.  And some of that money must have stayed around.  And that was another thing I’d have to check into on my suddenly growing list.
Signal Hill had existed for a brief while some eighty years ago.  There were ghosts up there in those hills, the bad and restless spirits of equally bad men who when alive had valued human life slightly less than they valued a middling poker hand.
I found myself asking myself why I should be worrying over men dead these many years gone by.
I could have answered myself, right then and there that Tuesday morning as I held my car door open for Julie and tossed a travel bag into the backseat.  I could have reminded myself that while times change and mankind appears to progress, there are some who still abide in the dark and heed no law except the grim laws of survival and revenge. 

*****

We rolled up I-35 toward Georgetown, Texas.  Our destination:  a new strip mall that was under construction and a visit with a very old friend.  Julie still wore Notre Dame, her hair once again in a pony and the bitch glasses perched forward on her delicate nose.  She:  beautiful.  Me:  practically a dead man.
She was trouble.  Green eyes and reddish hair.  And she was trouble.  No way I could have run.
So I had to start thinking about Hank Sterling.
Back around 1988 when I was first struggling to make it—or die in the attempt—one of my first clients was Hank Sterling.
Hank was a different breed, an aging Vietnam veteran who liked to drink beer, build things, and blow them up.  Like many of my clients, he had the Midas touch.  He ran a one-man construction and demolition company out of his house in Killeen, Texas, did perhaps one job every year or two, and in the meantime welded spare parts together in such a way as to call the result art.  For instance, there’s a megalithic piece of his work entitled “Dreams of Flight” out in front of the courthouse in my home town.  The thing looks more like a melted pterodactyl that it does an airplane—not exactly the kind of thing I would have spent county money on, but that’s just me.  The interesting thing was that somebody liked it.  And Hank himself was sort of like that.  Like his art he wasn’t for everybody, but for some reason the two of us had gotten along just fine over the years.
Hank called me up one day with a special problem.  He had half a million in cash and he needed to get rid of it.  A certain IRS agent had been nosing around in his business and Hank wanted to make sure certain revenuer didn’t catch the scent of undeclared greenbacks.
After that I put Hank in contact with an accountant who could manage his money, help him legally avoid paying more than he had to, and who could handle his sudden bouts of alcoholism and wildcatter fever.  But, being Hank, from time to time he still had need of my services, and I was never the kind of fellow who could turn down a friend in need.
In 1989, there was a knock on my door in the middle of the night.  Two men in black suits and sunglasses were there on the doorstep of my apartment and they had questions for me.  Not about myself or what I did for a living, but about Hank Sterling—his whereabouts, his routine, his habits, and the possible location of the IRS agent who had taken an interest in him.  Apparently the man was missing.
What did I know about it?  Nada.
After that the two of us were never as close as we’d been, but he still called me when the need was great.
At the moment I needed his advice more than anything, and it never hurt to have a friend in your corner; especially someone that knew how to fight.  

*****

North Hills Shopping Center in Georgetown was mostly complete, even though the marquee twisted in the wind, suspended by cable from a mobile crane outfit sitting on a new parking lot.  A Randall’s grocery store and a Walgreens had already moved in, along with a few specialty stores.
I parked near the construction zone and Julie and I got out into the morning sunshine.  There wasn’t so much as a wisp of cloud in the sky and the breeze felt fine.
We found Hank.  He was nailing wooden studs in place with a pneumatic nail gun.  His shirt was sweat-soaked and his jeans were torn at the knees, which was about his usual attire.  Anyone who didn’t know him would have asked where the boss was.  The fact of the matter was that Hank was the boss.
When he saw the two of us he grinned big and gave us a toothsome smile.  He put the nail gun down, walked over to me and shook my hand in an iron grip.
“Damn good to see you, Bill,” he said.
“You too,” I said. 
“Who’s this?”
“This is Julie.”
They shook hands.
“Girlfriend or client?”  he asked.
“Both,” Julie said.
“Okay,” he said, and looked at me.  Maybe it was the look on my face.  I don’t know.  “You want to talk, don’t you?”
“You have the time?”
“Sure.”

*****

Hank preferred his own kitchen to a restaurant; one of the little quirks I’ve never understood about him.  Go figure.  It was getting up toward lunch and a quick poll from Hank showed three hungry people. 
We ended up following Hank the thirty miles back to his home in Killen.  Every now and again Hank would attempt to sink his foot through the floorboard of his ’69 Ford Fairlane, and he’d shoot ahead of us by a mile or more, then he’d slow down and let me catch up.  
The land rolled by, the sun beat down relentlessly in the Texas Spring, that Spring like all others that I could ever remember before.  A spring, a week, a day of pure hell and beauty.  I suppose that when I was a kid, I must have held a fervent wish that my life would go just the way it was going, and to that kid, if he were watching, all this must seem about perfect.

CHAPTER FOUR

I parked my Mercedes across the street and Julie and I walked across a front lawn that was a couple of weeks overdue for mowing.  The weeds slapped at our ankles and shins.  By and large the whole place was pretty much as I remembered it.
The front porch was rickety, the paint peeling back in places, and there was a front porch swing that had the various parts of an old carburetor laid out on a large piece of torn cardboard, waiting for re-assembly at some future date.  The screen door was off and leaning up against the side of the house.  The remnants of abandoned dirt-dobber wasp nests seemed to be everywhere.  The doorbell buzzer appeared to be out of commission, hanging out several inches from the door-facing with wires going this way and that.  Yep, some things never change.
Hank held the front door open for us.
“Come on in.  Come on in.  Don’t mind the mess.”
We followed him through an undulating pathway to the kitchen.  Hank had become a collector over the years.  The house looked like it had survived an endless series of failed garage sales, but only just barely.
Julie walked ahead of me, turning around a couple of times with arched eyebrows and a twisted, sardonic expression on her face.  I almost laughed out loud.
We all sat down at the kitchen table.  There was far less clutter in the kitchen.
We looked around as we took our seats.  Up on the windowsill above the sink was a line of glass telephone pole wire insulators from the early twentieth century.  On the counter stood an ancient toaster oven from about 1950.
Hank opened his refrigerator and reached in and brought out three Pabst Blue Ribbon beers and set them in front of us.  While he was doing this I found myself wondering if the refrigerator was actually an icebox, one of the kind that required an actual block of ice from a deliveryman with a set of ice hooks.  But then the transformer kicked in with a deep, gravelly, electric hum.
Hank sat there at his kitchen table with us in his antique-store house with a shit-eating grin on his face and basked in the glow of my green-eyed client.  He shifted his innocent, blue Paul Newman eyes my way and dropped a knowing flick of a wink.  I wondered what the hell that was all about.
“So. What brings you here, Bill?” 
“Her,” I said.

*****

Julie’s story was believable—so believable, in fact, that the sheer detail of it had me re-creating it visually in my mind as she walked me through it.
Archie Carpin lived on a three-thousand acre ranch in North Texas along the bank of the Red River. There he kept quarter-horses and ran an underground still operation that could have rivaled any of the smaller commercial distilleries in Dallas or Milwaukee in sheer quantity of output.  But he kept himself respectable in the eyes of his neighbors, which were few in number.  He liked it that way.  “The less seen, the less said,” was one of the little one-liners that he was likely to drop at any given moment. 
Julie had met the man at a strip-club in Vegas, just off the main drag.  After her show he’d motioned her over, bought her a series of watered-down drinks, engaged her services for the evening and once she was ensconced in his hotel room proceeded to ply her with drugs.  And she was all too willing.  Whatever it was he was after it apparently wasn’t sex, as he hadn’t so much as laid a hand on her.
No.  What the man was into was domination: the subjugation of the spirit and the life of a person—and like the fly to the Venus Flytrap, Julie was drawn in.  He dripped money and played a covert game of mental and emotional warfare that in a short space of time drained enough of her life force to make her little more than his personal slave.  She’d stayed with him for six months, leaving behind her life in Vegas and following the playboy to Miami—where he kept his drug connections—and Houston, where he kept his offices in a downtown high-rise oil company building, and finally to the North Texas ranch.  Then, two months before our first breakfast together, Julie did something that only Julie could have done.  She pulled the rug out from under Archie Carpin, robbed him blind, and didn’t bother hanging around to take his temperature afterward.
That first morning in my office I had wanted to break into a fit of uncontrolled laughter when Julie had told me what she had done.  What I hadn’t known at the time was how she’d done it.  After she was finished this time I no longer felt so much like laughing.  For the first time I began to see things from Carpin’s point of view.  And let me tell you, if it had been me, after the stunt she’d pulled, I’d have found her and very quietly shut her up for good, money or no money.
Here’s what she did.

*****

A fellow cannot amass a great deal of ill-gotten wealth without making some enemies along the way, and this was definitely a fact in Archie Carpin’s case.  Also, I have met few men who do not have a weakness of one kind or another.  Carpin’s weakness was horses, and his chief enemy was a fellow named Earnest Neil, his chief opposition.  Neil ran a quarter-horse ranch just south of Navasota, Texas and like Carpin, he ran some of the best horseflesh on the hoof.  Neil and Carpin had been at each other’s throats since the 1970s when the only pari-mutuel horse-betting to be had was across the State Line in Shreveport, Louisiana.  On about the same day ten or more times a year during the Spring both men loaded their horses onto their sleek trailers and trucked them two hundred miles across Texas and over the Louisiana border to compete against each other.
All this Julie had gleaned from Lefty and Carl.
And, of course, before I could ask it, Hank was asking her himself:  “Who are Lefty and Carl?”
Julie loved horses.  While she was at Carpin’s North Texas horse ranch she spent a good deal of time down at the stables, within spitting distance of the ruddy waters of the Red River.  She loved to ride and it was the one bit of freedom that Carpin allowed her to enjoy, probably because he cared for the animals more than he cared for Julie, and she was kind to Carpin’s horses.  She very soon learned all of the horses by name, and they, in turn, became used to her.  She made it a point to get friendly with Carpin’s jockeys who were a pair of short yet irascible men named Lefty Jorgenson and Carl Sanderberry.  Lefty and Carl soon had her giving them a hand mucking out the stables, keeping the horses’ hooves clean, feeding and watering them, grooming them, and the sundry other chores that are an everyday affair at any well-run horse operation.  They had no way of knowing she was up to no good.
And, of course, she nosed around the still.  When Carpin caught her at it he beat her within an inch of her life and confined her to his walk-in bedroom closet for a week and put her on rations of little more than water and cocaine.
After a week of pleading with him for freedom, she clammed up.  The next morning Carpin let her out.
Thereafter, Julie spent even more time with the horses and, consequently, in the company of Carl and Lefty.
Carl liked to chew tobacco and spit.  Also he liked to talk his head off.  He would just as soon talk to himself if no one else was around, but if someone, or anyone, for that matter, happened to be handy, they were sure to get an earful.  Carl—an aging Aggie from College Station—liked to try to tell stories of the old days with himself and a young Archie Carpin and the boys, but he usually managed to tell them wrong and Lefty had to correct him “just to keep the record straight,” as he would say.
One story that Julie heard again and again was how, in 1979, one of Archie Carpin’s best quarter horses foundered while at the stables in Shreveport on Friday evening before the Saturday race.  Carpin blamed Earnest Neil for it, even though he had no proof of foul play.  The horse, a two-year old stallion by the name of Julliard Dare had to be put down.  The next day Earnest Neil’s horse, Pressure Cooker, came in first against some pretty long odds.  And that’s where Julie got her idea.
I gave the woman some credit.  She could be resourceful.  Also, she understood men all too well.  I found it more than a little intimidating.
As she coldly described how she set Carpin up I found myself wondering if I was possibly as gullible myself, or perhaps I was being gullible just by taking her story at face value when perhaps I should have ditched her from the get-go.  The blood drained slowly from my head and pooled in my gut as I listened.

*****

“So I said, duh!  What’s this guy got?  He’s got a half-million dollars worth of horses and he’s got a ten million dollar moonshine operation and there are greased palms from Texas all the way to Washington, D.C.  He made money from supplying name brand whiskey knock-off for bars from Houston all the way to Chicago.  Carl and Lefty talked a little too much.  Archie’s payoffs came in installments.  Also, because of his appetites—you know, horses and drugs—he was always one step ahead of bankruptcy.  His pay-offs came in installments.  They were important.”
“So you intercepted one of those installments.”  I said.
“Yah.  I did,” she said, waving her hands for emphasis.  “Only I didn’t know it was one of the big ones.”
I could tell that she was getting a bit tipsy.  It was our third beer each.  Regardless, I was enjoying seeing her animated like that.
“It was easy,” she said.  “I got hold of Archie’s little black book, the one with all the guys in it from the old days; guys that Carl and Lefty would talk and laugh about.  And I found it:  Ernest Neil.  It had a number next to it.  A few days later when I got access to a phone I called the number and got this old guy.”
“Neil?”
“Nah.  A jockey.  Jolly Mortensson.  Worked for Ernie Neil.”
“Yeah?”  Hank said, prompting her to continue.
“So Ernie helped me set it up.  He handled some of the footwork from his end.  But it was up to me to make the switch.”
“Where’s the money?” I asked.  It was the first time I’d asked it.
“That’s just a...  a little tiny detail...  a small part of the problem,” she said.
“Where is it?” Hank and I asked in the same instant.
Afterwards, I wished she hadn’t told us.


CHAPTER FIVE

“Well.  I will just be damned,” Hank said.
“Yeah,” I nodded in agreement.
Julie was all done and just sitting there, sipping on her beer.
I could tell by Hank's serious demeanor that he'd arrived at some important thought or decision.  A crossroads, perhaps.
“You tell her all about me, Bill?”
“Just that you’re handy in a tight spot, that you’re a client of mine, and that you’re alright.  That’s about it.”
The toaster oven timer dinged.  My stomach was doing little whirly-gigs, and the smell of toast, butter and cheese had become maddening.
We took time out for Hank to fix us up a plate each and a tall glass of iced tea.  The tea tasted like it was a couple of days old, but at least it was sweet.
“Okay,” he said when he was back at the table with us.  “So who are Jake and Freddie?”
Julie sat back in her chair.  She didn’t seem very interested in Hank’s toaster oven cheese sandwiches.  Mine, however, didn’t stand a chance.
“They’re Lefty’s and Carl’s sons.  They’re about as stupid as a couple of snipe, but they’re like hound dogs.  They never give up.”
“When was the last time you saw them?” Hank asked.
Julie turned to look at me.  There was a strange look in her eye.  Something she didn’t want to say.
“Better tell him,” I said.
She reached out, wrapped her fingers around her bottle of beer on the table and drained the last quarter of it in one long gulp.
“About an hour ago,” she said.
“What?”  Hank and I chimed in at the same instant.
“Following us from Hank’s mall.”
Hank and I were on our feet.

*****

My life is not very exciting.  I don’t like excitement.  I don’t even watch exciting movies.  I like things nice and calm.  You put in your day of work, you watch the sun fade from the sky and you draw your dollar.  But sometimes you just have to move quickly.
Hank and I were moving before we could think.
He jumped up and locked the back door with a flick of his wrist.
I was into the front room and dodging stacks of old, dust-coated thirty-three rpm records and nineteenth-century legal volumes to get to the front door.
“Lock it, Bill,” Hank called out from the kitchen.
“Yeah,” I said.
The living room had two large windows, one of which had the shade pulled four-fifths of the way down.  The shade for the other one was missing completely.
I made it to the front door, peeked out of one of the rectangles of glass that was at eye level.
The front yard was empty.  Well, not exactly empty.  It was Hank’s yard, after all.  There was his car in the driveway.  Across the street was my Mercedes.  There was beat up Ford F-150 parked behind that.
“Bill, what are doing?”  It was Julie.  I turned back toward her voice.  She stood in the doorway between the kitchen and living room in the center of the house.
“Julie.  Get back in the kitchen,” I said.  From the kitchen I heard the sound of a slamming drawer.  Hopefully Hank was fishing for a gun somewhere.
I looked back quickly toward the truck.  I couldn’t see anyone in the cab for a moment, but then again there was a bit of a blur there.  
Something had moved.
Then I saw the barrel of the rifle and recognized it for what it was about an instant before it barked a spark of flame.

*****

Things happened pretty fast.
The glass from the window pane on my right crumpled in on itself in three large shards.  I hadn’t fully registered what was occurring yet.  My first thought on it was a bit odd:  windows aren’t supposed to do that!  Then I connected it with the rifle barrel about a hundredth of a second later and turned back toward Julie.
She just stood there, bringing her hands to her face.
A large divot of splintered wood had appeared on the facing of the kitchen entryway about shoulder-high not a foot from her.  I could see the splinters on her neck and ear.
In the next instant Hank hit her from behind and took her down to the floor.  I heard a loud grunt.
“Bill,” Hank called out.  “Head’s up.”
Something sailed through the air toward me from their direction behind the tallest stack of books.  I snatched it out of the air and was pulling the slide on the object before I could think much about it.  It was a thirty-eight.
I looked again out of the small doorway glass in time to see the passenger door on the other side of the truck fly open.
An engine roared into life.
I don’t know what came over me after that.  The moment became somewhat surrealistic, with dark, pulsing, purplish and red tendrils creeping into the corners of my vision.  It’s happened to me a few times before, and each time it has, by the time I saw the colors and recognized them for what they meant, it was too late.
The front door was suddenly open and I was across the porch and sailing off into the brilliant green too-tall grass and the too-bright sunlight, and the funny thing about it was I couldn’t even feel my feet touching the ground.
The pickup truck was moving, slamming the corner of the rear fender of my Mercedes in an effort to escape.  There was the shatter of glass and the crunch of metal.  I didn’t much care, though, at that moment.  The red and purple pulses were forming interesting tributaries around the movie theater screen my vision had become.  And there was a part of me that was watching the whole thing with a sort of rapt fascination, like a kid at the movies with a box of overly buttered popcorn on his lap and an awed look on his face.  But, when you’re watching a movie, you’re safe.  The bullets aren’t real bullets and the crunching metal is all staged and all is right with the world.  That was how I felt. 
It looked as though I was going to beat the truck.
I pointed my right hand at the truck cab and the blurry figures inside it as the whole thing loomed suddenly very large in front of me.  My hand bucked once...  Twice.
The driver was trying to put his foot through the floorboard of the thing.  Tires squealed on the hot pavement and a carburetor whined with a steep over-abundance of horsepower.
The center of the pickup windshield blossomed with a huge, elaborate spider web.  Another, duplicate, spider web appeared in front of the driver.
The truck came on.
It had been perhaps thirty feet away a second before, but suddenly it was about half that, or maybe more. 
Oh, I thought.  Okay.  Move!
I did this funny thing with my legs—I did a sideways frog-movement.  Sort of a cross between a hop and a dive.
I felt a numbness in my left foot, even as my shoulder slammed into the bottom of the ditch across the road from Hank’s house.  Anyone who has ever been bitten by a shark while swimming would know how it felt.  First there was a bit of a jolt traveling up my leg, a distant cousin to the electrocution variety, then sudden and intense numbness.  Last came pain.  But that was okay.  What was even more noteworthy was the interesting sensation around the crown of my head, and the darkness that came on.  Which in itself was interesting because I had been fairly certain that it was early afternoon.


CHAPTER SIX

I’ve had a few rude awakenings in my life.  When I came to in the near dark, that first instant was unsettling.  I wanted to swat at the wasps that were stinging my head, only there were no wasps.
“Settle down, Bill.”  It was Hank’s voice.
“What happened?” I asked.
We were inside a garage.  A bare forty-watt bulb cast the only light into the room.  I heard a gentle snore nearby.
“That’s Julie,” Hank said.  “She’s asleep.  Napping.  Don’t worry...  She’s fine.”
“The last thing I remember was seeing Julie standing in your kitchen doorway.  Somebody shot at her.”
“According to Green-Eyes over there, that would be Jake Jorgenson.  He’s the one with the rifle.  Also, she says he’s a pretty good shot.  But he was looking in through glass at an angle, and I think refraction saved her life.”
“Yeah?”
“Also, you tried to tackle a speeding truck.  How’s that foot?”
“What foot?”
I looked to where he pointed.  My shoe was off and I had one leg partially elevated.  My foot was wrapped up with an Ace bandage.
“What the hell?”  I said.
“You must have kicked that truck.  Or else somebody ran over your foot.  I don’t think anything’s broken, though.  It’s not as big as it was a few hours ago.”
“Geez.  It hurts,”  I said.  “But not like my head.”
“Good,” Hank said.  “Probably you’ll just limp for a few days.  But you’ll need to walk on it soon.  You know.  To see if anything...  Gives.”
I looked down past my foot and saw an army cot boxed in by a couple of old steel filing cabinets.  It was Julie.  She was wrapped up in a sleeping bag.
“Carpin wants her dead,”  I said.
“Yeah,” Hank replied.  “I don’t know the guy, but he sounds like a real asshole.  But,” he chuckled, “if somebody did to me what she did to him...  Well.”  He was sitting in a folding chair facing me,  one of the kind you’d use on a fishing trip that is nothing more than a couple of pieces of bent pipe and two swatches of canvas.  He had a three-fifty-seven Smith & Wesson Magnum on his lap and a large night watchman’s flashlight in his hand.
“Yeah,” I said.
“I put Dingo in the house,” Hank said, offhand.  “Anyone tries to go in there, she’ll have them for dinner.  Also, we’ll hear it out here.”
As I recalled, Dingo was a cross between a German Shepard and an Australian Blue Heeler.  One of the smartest dogs I’d ever seen.  I’d forgotten all about her.
I moved to get up but felt a wedge of cold pain at my temples.
“Take it easy, cowboy,” he said.  “You’ve got a minor concussion.”
“Feels like...  Goddamn wasps nest in my head.  Why the garage?”
“No windows.”
“Oh,”  I said.  “Say...  What time of day is it?”
Hank looked down at his watch.  “About three in the afternoon.  Anyway, I can’t let you go back to sleep.  Not for awhile.”
“I thought it was night.  It’s sure dark in here.”
“We won’t be leaving until it is dark, or at least we won’t unless we have to.  Also, I took the liberty of moving the vehicles.  They‘re at a friend‘s house about a mile from here, out of sight.  I wanted it to look like nobody was home.”
“Okay,” I said.  “Good enough.  So what do you want to do?”
“Well, I was thinking about that.”  Hank turned to the side in his chair and reached down toward the floor.  I shouldn’t have been surprised to see what he brought back up.
“It’s time for the world-series,” he said.  “Best two out of three.  Or three out of five.  Or whatever.”
He unfolded the cardboard square, put it down flat on a small pedestal beside him, and held out a transparent plastic bag.
“What’ll it be?” he asked.  “Red...  Or black?”
“Goddammit,” I said.  “Not Checkers.”

*****

It was dark-thirty out.
I wouldn’t have minded saying that I felt fine.  That simply wasn’t the case.  I was nursing a head that felt like the inside of a bell tower that was constantly striking the hour, I was wincing with every step I took, but thankfully, I didn’t think anything was broken, and I had lost all but two games out of the last forty at checkers.  The two times I had won, Hank had cursed and blamed it on the ill-lighting.  Probably he was right.
We left the garage and Julie and I followed Hank inside the back door of his house under cover of darkness.
I felt safe, though.
I don’t normally carry a gun.  There are many reasons for this, the first being the most obvious:  they’re illegal in Texas unless you carry a permit, which I don’t.  Also I have a bit of a superstition about them.  I’ve come to think that guns actually draw trouble.  It’s like walking around with the Queen of Spades in your shirt pocket.  It’s just asking for it.
Except for one thing: sometimes you really need one.  Just in case.
In light of recent events, it felt good having one tucked into my belt.  It was the thirty-eight that Hank had lobbed at me earlier in the day.
Dingo was happy to see Hank.  The dog put her paws up on his chest and he gave her a good petting.  When she was done with Hank, she got one good noseful of me, ignored my attempts to be friendly with her and put all of her attention on Julie.  Julie smiled and made friends with the dog.
“So what now?” Julie asked.  She looked rested and composed and beautiful there in the silvery moonlight coming in through Hank’s kitchen window.  Other than a couple of tiny band-aids on her cheek and neck, there was little else to show that she’d lived through a close call.
“What do you think, Hank?” I asked.  “Hotel?”
“Hell no,” he said.  “I’ve got better accommodations in mind for us.”

*****

Hank made a phone call there in the dark and ten minutes later there was a black Chevy Suburban idling in his driveway.
Hank and I checked out the lay of the land and then I stepped back inside Hank’s front door and prodded Julie out into the night, hurrying and hustling her into the back seat of our ride while Hank took the front.  I would have made a fine Secret Service Agent.
When we got a little way down the road Hank introduced us to our driver.
“Bill.  Julie,” he said.  “Meet Dock Slocum.  That’s ‘Dock’ with a ‘k’, like when you dock your boat.”
“Hello Bill, Julie,” the driver said, taking one hand off the wheel for a second and giving us a cursory wave.
“Hi,” Julie and I said together.
There wasn’t much to be said after that, so we all lapsed into silence.  I guess Dock didn’t feel like talking.
He was an elderly fellow with perhaps a good fifteen or twenty years on Hank.  So far he was little more than Hank’s mystery friend, someone I’d not heard Hank mention before.  
Julie leaned into me and I slid my arm around her.  My head still throbbed, but not as bad as before.
I could tell we were on the edge of town.  The Suburban threw a wide swath of illumination into the night before us, revealing stunted trees and scrub brush along the side of the road and the sporadic lights of the dwindling city winked behind us as we topped a hill.
After a few minutes we turned off the main highway going out of town and began to ascend one of the many steep and lofty hills surrounding Killeen.  Dock shifted down into low and I turned to watch behind us.  Overhead the moon was full and bright and I could see no headlights behind us, nor could I see anything else but a broadening vista of city lights shimmering like a galaxy across the dark landscape below.
So much for the hound-dog persistence of Jake and Freddie.

*****

Hank, Dock and I sat up late into the night drinking several bottles of Dock’s home brew, a very sweet muskedine wine unlike anything I’ve ever bought at a liquor store.  I’d say the alcohol percentage was a little higher.  At the same time it was dry and smooth and it evened out the ache in my head.  If I didn’t slow down soon, though, I’d end up hogging the bottle.  Or hugging it.  While we drank we played matchstick poker and talked.
“The game, gentlemen,” Dock said,  “is Maverick.”
“Just deal, Dock,” Hank said.  “Bill knows how to play.”
“Sure he does,” he said and smiled, looking at my dwindling pile of matches.
“How did you run across this girl, anyway?”  Dock asked.
Julie was in an upstairs bedroom, fast asleep.
“My partner referred her to me,” I said. “I haven’t talked to him about it yet.”
“Okay,”  Dock said.  “Interesting girl.  Right pretty.”
“You know it,” I said.
“What I’d like to know is to what degree you believe her, and if what she says is true, what you’re planning to do about it.”
“Tomorrow,” Hank began, “first thing we’ll do is go looking for Amos and Andy.”
“You mean Jake and Freddie,” I said.
“Yeah, them.”
We played out the poker hand.  I tried to put together an extra queen with the one I had showing and the one down under, but drew a mate to the nine on top.  Dock raised the stakes and Hank and I called.  Dock beat us both with a flush. 
“How do we find them?”  I asked.
“Oh,” Hank said.  “Julie told me while you were out.”
“Well,” Dock said as he pushed back from the table and squared up the cards.  “It’s past my bedtime.  What time do we start in the morning?”
“We?”  Hank asked.
Dock looked from me to Hank and back again.
“You can’t expect to tell me all this shit and not bring me along.  It’s not neighborly.  I just assumed...”
“Hold on there, Tiger,”  Hank said.  “I wouldn’t want you to miss out.  What do you say, Bill?  Dock‘s a fine hand in a tight corner.”
“Is that what we are?” I said, smiling.  My head was spinning a little, and it felt just fine.  “A couple of tight-corner people?”
Hank grinned.
“Fine, Dock,” I said.  “You’re welcome.  In fact, let’s take your Suburban.  My tail light is out and Hank’s old Ford should have been sold for scrap about the time that Carter was finishing up his term.”
Dock slapped his hands together with a loud crack.
“Yippee,” he said.
The three of us stood.  I got a slight twinge from my swollen foot, but I was able to put my weight on it without it killing me.  I think the wine helped about as much as any of the pain-killers that I had taken in Hank’s garage.
“You two can sleep upstairs,” Dock said.  “I’ll stay down here on the couch.”
“Come on, Dingo,” Hank called.  Dingo got up from her post by the back door and walked across the linoleum in Dock’s kitchen.  She followed us up the stairs.
About half way up, I blurted out the question that had been bothering me for a long time.
“Hank?  Whatever happened to McMurray?  That IRS agent.  We never did talk about that.”
Hank stopped in mid-step ahead of me, turned slowly around on the stairs and looked down at me.
“Bill,” he said.  “There are some people that make it a point to go around sticking their nose into the wrong crack.”
“That happened with McMurray?”
“Maybe I’m talking about you.  You ever think of that?  I didn’t think so.  Let’s talk about Mr. Dipwad later, though, if that’s okay with you.”
“Sure,” I said.  “Fine.”  I shrugged.
“Okay,” he said.

*****

Softness and warmth in the night.  There are benefits to sleeping with someone on a regular basis.  I’d almost forgotten what it was like until Julie came along.
We whispered in the night.  A cool breeze blew in through our second-story window and I could see megalithic radio towers blinking rhythmically in the clear, moonlit night sky.
“Why didn’t you tell us we were being followed?”  I asked.
The two of us were in Dock’s bedroom.  Hank slept on a rollaway bed in the upstairs family room.  It was a pretty big house.  There was some kind of a story here about Dock.  I’d have to learn what it was.  He was an intriguing character.  I’d probably be like him in another thirty years or so:  living alone in a large house, sleeping downstairs and entertaining folks on the lam.
“I wasn’t sure it was them,” Julie whispered.  “They were a long way back there.”
She sounded sincere.  I believed her.
“Why a couple of jockey’s sons?  I don’t get it.  Carpin’s people are that loyal to him?”
“No,” she said.  “I don’t think that’s it.”  I could tell from her voice that she knew damned well that wasn’t it.  But I wasn’t upset...  yet.  I did, however, want to know exactly what she was hiding, and why.  I waited.
A particularly heavy mass of air lifted the gauzy curtains and we both watched as they fluttered slowly back down.
“You know I didn’t tell you everything, Bill.”
“I know,” I said.  “You’ve been...  afraid.”
“I hate that word.  But yeah.  Some things I maybe should have told you and haven’t.  And there are definitely some things I’ve done that I shouldn’t.”
“Like?”
“Let’s go to sleep,” she whispered, turning toward me and putting her chin on my shoulder.  “Make me warm, Bill Travis.”
“Fine,”  I said.

CHAPTER SEVEN

It felt good to be back in Austin.  Or as good as it can feel with a mild concussion and a bunged-up foot.
The weather was hot and the traffic was heavy.  About usual for mid-afternoon.
There were four of us and a dog in Dock’s Suburban, tooling down Interstate 35 toward downtown.
“Exit here and take the next left,” Julie called forward to Dock.
Only a week before our chance meeting in traffic, Julie had caught Freddie and Jake tailing her down Riverside Drive in Austin, just south of Town Lake.  And of course, being Julie, she proceeded to pull a fast one.
She’d parked along Congress Avenue not a block away from the Capitol where there is an ever-present State Trooper at the front gate and only a stone's throw from the Governor's mansion, then walked into an upper-crust dress shop.  A quick change of clothes and a purchase later, she ducked out the back entrance into the alley and walked a block around and hailed a cab.  She paid the cabbie to sit with her for nearly an hour as she watched Jake and Freddie while they  watched the front door of the dress shop.  Then when the store manager came out to feed her parking meter for her, the two North Texas yahoos must have realized that something was up.  They started the pickup and darted away into traffic.  But not fast enough.  Julie and the over-tipped cabbie trailed the two back to East Austin, just across the Interstate from downtown, to a ramshackle duplex in a lower-class neighborhood.
She simply noted where they could be found, and drove away.
After that she altered her patterns and spent whole days at a time away from her new home in northwest Austin.  She didn’t tell Hank and me where she’d gone during those times and neither one of us pushed it.  Julie was that kind of girl.  You could only prime the pump so far, fill your bucket about halfway, and satisfy yourself that you’d be making another trip.  
I was sure there was plenty more that she felt she couldn’t—or just wouldn’t—tell us.  We’d find out sooner or later.  But hopefully before it was too late.
Hank was up front with Dock.  Under his feet there was a burlap feed sack with some guns in it.  
In the backseat beside me, Julie laced her fingers with mine.
Following Julie’s “turn here-turn there” directions, we found ourselves off Chicon Street; not the best side of Austin.  We were maybe ten blocks from Lawrence White’s barbecue stand.
The houses passed by.  Chain-linked fences sagged in places.  There were not a few overgrown lots going to seed.  Dock had to slow down once so that a tamale peddler on a three-wheeled bicycle could cross the road—I’ve often wondered how those guys could make a living by selling tamales out of a small refrigerator box perched on the front of their bikes.  Maybe they didn’t.  Who knew?
Occasionally I caught sight of a portable basketball hoop set up in the street and looking like a howitzer.
We had our windows down and the wind felt fine.  I was sweating, though, and it was a cold sweat.  Also, it felt like I had a ball of hot lead rolling around in my gut.
“It’s there, on the left,” Julie said.  “Third duplex.  Right side.”
Dock drove us past slow and easy and we craned our necks.  There was no light-blue pickup in the driveway.  The place looked like a dump.  Also it looked nothing like I would have figured for the base-ops for a couple of sons of North Texas quarter-horse jockeys, but go figure.
Dock circled the block and we parked across the street from Butch and Sundance’s duplex.
Hank distributed firearms from the front seat.  The thirty-eight for me and a little Walther for Julie.
“What about me?” Dock asked.
“What about you?”  Hank replied.
“Where’s my gun?”
I thought Hank was going to laugh.  He didn’t.
“You’re staying right here,” he said.  “Now don’t raise a ruckus.  Looks like nobody‘s home, so I don’t think there’ll be any shooting anyhow.  But if there is, for some reason, I’d advise you to duck.”
“Is that all I am?  Your chauffeur?” Dock asked.
We ignored him and climbed out.  Julie and I exchanged smiles.
It had been an hour-long ride and my legs felt like they needed a good stretch.  I winced at my first step across the road, but the going got easier as I walked.
“You stay here, Dingo,” Hank said.  The dog barked once as Hank slammed the door.
The thirty-eight felt cold in my sweaty hand.

*****

“What're ya'll doin' over there?”
The three of us nearly leapt out of our skins.
We were hunched opposite each other, me and Julie to the left and Hank to the right of one of the duplex windows, trying to see inside and determine whether anybody was home.  The voice took us by surprise.  
“Good God, glad I had on the safety,” Hank said.
It was a girl, a little kid about eight or nine, standing there at the back corner of the duplex where a section of rotted wood fencing had fallen down and an outdoor heat exchanger was converting over to rust and ruin. She had on a dirty pink paisley dress and an arm around an old cabbage-patch doll that was missing a limb.  She was thin, terribly so, but there was strength in her stance and wonder and curiosity in her eyes.  This was her space and we were the invaders and she looked to be not the least bit intimidated.
“You live here, darlin'?” I couldn’t help but ask.
“Of course she does,” Hank said.
“They’re gone,” the girl said.
“Who's gone?”  Julie asked her.
“The bad men.”
“Oh,” Hank said.
There was a long story here, in the side yard of a dilapidated duplex in a dilapidated neighborhood, in the little girl's eyes and her wan frame.  I could already see the additional trouble brewing, coming on with the inevitability of bad storm.
I looked at Julie and she was looking at the kid, seeing what I'd already figured out, maybe even more.  And Julie being Julie, she invited the additional trouble right on in to pull up a chair and sit a spell.
“Where's your mama, honey?”
“She gone.”
Of course she is, I thought.
We put our guns away in silent agreement.
“Where’d she go?”
The kid turned her head and gestured back toward the thicket to the back of the property, or maybe just generally back towards Greater Austin.
“Mama wasn't doing nothin' except smokin’ cheese for a whole year.” 
Cheese.  It was street-slang for crack cocaine in these parts, and I wouldn't have known that if I hadn't traversed certain neighborhoods in Austin where the junkies were brazen enough to shout it out to cars going by.
Hank was talking low, not moving his lips, and he was talking to Julie—as if it would have done any good.  “There's agencies that handle this kind of thing,” he said.
Julie darted Hank a quick, angry look.  Hank raised both hands a trifle, took a step back, and she turned her attention back to the kid again.
“Then she takes up with Melvin Hobbes one day and they go to the store, only they don’t come back.”
“How long ago, honey? And what's your name?” Julie asked.
“Keesha.  Don’t know how long.”  This said, Keesha hopped up and sat on the rusting AC unit and regarded us with just a little less interest.  I was willing to bet that she'd heard promises and offers to help in the past.
“Those two bad men left this mornin'.  I had to act like my mama was here so they wouldn't chase after me no more.”
“Very smart,” Julie said, and turned to look at me.  There was a plea in her eyes.  I found myself nodding, slowly.
Julie sat beside Keesha, and they chatted away.  Hank and I moved around behind the duplex to have a look.
There are some places that simply don't have a good vibe to them.  I expect you could probably cut the grass back, replace the bad wood, paint things and generally clean them up, but like as not that vibe would still be there, if only subdued.  The ramshackle duplex where Keesha lived and where Jake and Freddie—the friendly neighborhood sniper-patrol—had set up their base camp was like that.  The back yard had weeds up to three feet tall in places and had been trampled back and down where little brown feet had often stepped.  There was scattered trash here and there which consisted mainly of candy wrappers and chip bags of the convenience story variety.  I suspected that there was a sympathetic convenience store clerk somewhere close by that just couldn’t say “no” to sad little brown-eyed girls.
There were two brown-painted doors like twin peepers in the rear face of the building, and evidence that a hog-wire divider once existed between once separate yards.  The further door stood slightly ajar on rickety hinges, somewhat crooked.  No doubt it was the back door to Keesha's home. I stepped back around for a moment and gently interrupted Julie and Keesha to confirm it, then ducked back around to join Hank again. 
Hank tried the back door to Jake and Freddie’s side, but it was locked.  Of course.  It couldn't be that easy.  On a lark, Hank rambled back around to the front for a try.  I waited.  He came back.  He didn’t say anything, but I knew the answer.  I could also tell by the look on Hank’s face that he wanted to have a look inside Keesha's side of the duplex.  There was the biggest part of me that wanted nothing to do with the place.  I had one of those “I don't want to know” feelings that start in the pit of the gut.  Somehow, though, the mystery of not knowing was even worse.
Hank ducked into the gloom through the open door.
I waited two beats, then followed.

*****

It was dark inside.  I tried a grimy light switch, knowing full well it was no use.  I was right.
The place was a cave.
An unpleasant odor emanated from a clothes washer and dryer just beside the back door.  Wet clothes going to mildew and rot.  Hank clicked on a little mag-lite flashlight and the stark reality of conditions sprang up in the wake of his roving beam.  I followed him through the squalor, seeing things I'd seen before, and some things I'd not and rather hadn't.
I'm not much of a Bible-thumper, but being the product of the deep East Texas Bible belt, tent revivals as a kid and Wednesday night Bible study, some things come to mind unbidden.  I was thinking about something I was taught in Sunday School at about nine or ten years of age.  Christ had purportedly stood up on a hill and lectured the crowds and said something about “the poor you will always have with you”.  It had always seemed to me to be a very simple yet profound statement, and the utter truth of it hadn't altered a bit from the hour that he was reported to have spoken it. Knowing that, though, didn’t make it any easier to confront the condition that Hank and I witnessed inside the duplex.
The living room was a complete wreck.  There was no television or stereo or radio or anything.  Probably whatever had once served to make the place a real home had long before disappeared, a casualty of habitual drug usage. There was plenty of soiled furniture, though, rescued, no doubt, from the clutches of the quarter-annual bulk trash collector some months or perhaps years past.
Worse yet was the odor; the ever-present, distinct and oppressive scent of burned chemicals mixed with rat and cockroach droppings.
“I've seen enough, Hank,” I said and headed out the way we came in, holding my nose.
I got back outside and could breathe again.  Hank joined me a few minutes later.  He had some clothes under one arm and carried a small stack of photographs in his other hand.  
“Change of clothes,” he said.  “For the kid.”
I nodded.
“Pictures, huh?” I asked.
“Kid’s family, probably.  She’d know who they are, I hope.”
We went back around to the side of the duplex. Julie had Keesha in a big bear hug.  Julie looked up at me and by God there were tears in her eyes.  Hank gave me a grim look.
“Alright,” I said.
Julie mouthed a silent “thank you” to me and patted Keesha’s back.

*****

When we all came back around front, there was Dock fiddling with the front window.
“As a quick-getaway-driver, you’re fired,” Hank said.
Dock started.
“You scared me,” he said.
Upon seeing the dog, Keesha drew in a quick gasp of surprise and almost bolted, but Julie caught her.
“It’s okay,” she said.  “That’s Dingo.  He doesn’t bite.”
“You promise?”
“She maybe don’t bite,” Hank said, “but I do.  Dingo’s my dog.”
Hank called Dingo over to him and by way of petting and tousling the dog around maneuvered her slowly closer to the kid.  After about a minute, the child was petting the dog.  The way she did it, though, left little doubt that this was her first friendly dog encounter.
While this was going on Dock quizzed us about the kid.
“She’s been abandoned,” Julie said.  Her arms were crossed under her breasts and she looked down at the little girl.  “I don’t trust adoption agencies.  I’ve got my reasons,” she said.
The three of us men exchanged looks.
“How you doin', child?  Are you hungry?”  Dock asked, leaning toward her with his hands on his knees and a grandfatherly smile on his face. 
“Yes, sir.  I am.”
“Course you are.  So am I.  What say we go get us some dinner?”  
Keesha nodded in the affirmative.  The rest of us didn’t even have to confer over the answer.  We hadn’t had anything to eat since breakfast, and that had been a hurried affair in Dock’s kitchen that morning before setting out. 
“That settles it,” Hank said.

*****

There was one thing we learned from the trip after poking our noses against enough dirty windows and peering into the gloom:  Jake and Freddie—who I was simply dying to meet—had cleared out.  There wasn’t so much as a stick of furniture in the place.  There was, however, trash aplenty, which consisted of the leavings of many a take-out meal.  Apparently Jake and Freddie liked Chinese food.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Hill’s Cafe on South Congress in Austin has seen it's share of strange clientele before, but I wasn’t sure it had ever seen such an awkward collection of thrown-together folks as the five of us as we took our seats at the ‘George Bush Table’.  Back when the younger George was Governor, he used to eat at Hills—or so the story goes—and the management had designated our table for him.  I wondered if while he sat in his big chair at the White House if he ever missed his booth at Hill’s.
Dock Slocum and Julie sat with Keesha between them.    They both doted on her.  Keesha held open a large fold-out menu while Dock pointed to each menu item in turn.
“How 'bout onion rings?  Ever had that?”
“Nope.  Never did.”
“Chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes?”
“I like mash potatoes.”
“Mashed potatoes it is then!”
Most of their conversation was like that and they managed to run through the entire menu, the old fellow asking about this dish and that dish and the little girl nodding her head appropriately and looking up at Julie for approval and asking for clarification about the things she’d never heard of before.
Hank and I just looked at each other, smiled and nodded.
After ten minutes or so we all ordered.  I knew I’d be picking up the check and a sinking feeling came over me; the knowledge that my credit cards would be getting a hell of a work out in the very near future.
I noticed that Dock and Hank were carrying on some kind of covert conversation.
“What’s going on, you two schemers?”
Dock looked up suddenly, as if he’d been caught red-handed.
“Nothing,” he said.  “Private conversation.  Something I’ve been trying to talk to Hank about for the last couple of years and I’m beginning to think he’s not really interested.”
“Now that’s not exactly true, dammit,” Hank said.
Julie reached over and slapped Hank’s hand.
“Ow!  What?”
She had an angry look on her face and she nodded in Keesha’s direction.
“Language!”  she said.
“Oh!”  Hank said.  “All I said was ’dammit’.”
Julie slapped his hand again.
“OW!”  Hank jerked his hand back.  “For Pete’s sake!”
   Keesha giggled and I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Naw.  He’s not interested,”  Dock said and put a hand up on the table and started adjusting his silverware.
“Tell me, Dock,”  I said.  “I might be interested.”
“Here we go,” Hank said.
Dock gave him a withering look.
“What?”  Hank shrugged.
“Okay,” Dock began.  “So I’ve got this rental property in Harker Heights—that’s a little town that’s grown up into Killeen, sort of like a thorn in it’s side, you know—”
Hank cursed under his breath.
“Ow!”  Hank sat upright.  “Somebody kicked me!  Bill, you’d better control your woman!”
“Shut up, Hank,” I said.  “Go ahead, Dock.”
“Anyway, I’ve got this duplex over there—nothing but trouble.  I don’t know what to do.  About the time I get one set of renters in one half, the other half goes vacant and I have to make repairs.  I’m all upside down on the mortgage too—bought it when interest rates were two high and I can’t refinance it because of my age, now.  I haven’t seen enough on it to cover payments, repairs, and taxes too.  And I wouldn't have bought it except for a slick-talking real estate agent—a friend of a friend, you know—called me up and told me about this foreclosure.  So, I picked it up and have had nothing but misery with it ever since.  I retired in 1972 and should have stayed retired, know what I mean? I got no business trying to invest in real estate.  I’m a retired deputy sheriff from down in Hays County.  I guess I never really hardened up, except in San Diego during boot camp.  That was back in 1944.  I guess I was born expecting the best out of people and have never been not-disappointed since.  Maybe I ought to change my ways of looking at things, you know?”
“Don't change a thing, Dock,” Hank said.  “It's the world that needs to catch up with you.”
“Reckon you're right.  But it’s not just other people I expect more out of.  It’s me, I reckon.  I was down dropping off my taxes the other day, and I overheard this young whipper-snapper refer to me to this other accountant-fellow as a ‘slumlord’.  Didn’t like the sound of that.  I guess they were just following the stereotype, thinking that because I’m old that I couldn’t hear worth a damn.  I can still hear the Baptist preacher inside his church across the valley screaming at his congregation on Wednesday night.  My hearing hasn’t changed since I was about two.”
“You just have the one duplex, right Dock?” Hank asked.
“That’s right,” he said, scratched his head and looked down at Keesha again.  I noticed whenever he looked at her the corners of his mouth turned up into a little smile.
“Well,” Hank said.  “I never heard an official definition, but I think you’d have to own a row of them, come by a couple of times a month not to repair anything but just to browbeat everybody for their rent to technically qualify as a slumlord.”
“Hank’s right,” I said.  “That’s about the closest I’ve ever heard to a real definition of the word.”
“Well.  That makes me feel some better.  Still, after all this, I’ve got to get rid of the damned thing.  Not sure how to do that, though.  I was hoping Hank here would take them off my hands.”  Dock looked over at Hank.  Hank shook his head in the negative.
“I’ve got a friend who can help you with that, Dock,” I told him.  I fished out my wallet, pulled forth a business card and handed it to him.  “I’m not sure when I’ll be back in my office, Dock, but why don’t you call me and I’ll give you the numbers for a couple of honest realtors and investors I know who could take it off your hands.  You might be able to get some or all of your money back out of it.  If the market has corrected itself since last I looked, you might even be able to make some spare change.”
“Well, thank you kindly, Sonny.”
“You have to watch Bill, Dock,” Hank said.  “He’s always at work, even when he’s not.”
“Just exactly what is it that you do, Bill?  You never did say?”  Dock asked.
The food arrived before I could start in.  It was just fine by me.  I never did like explaining myself.  That’s sort of like going around asking people for a license to survive.  Not only that, once I start down that road, I’ve found that nine times out of ten I have to get into the ins and outs of how I do what I do, whether or not I make money at what I do, and if so, then I have to handle people’s ignorances on the subject of what is legal and what’s not.  As if they knew.
I watched as Keesha’s eyes went as round as saucers at the large plate put down in front of her.  She shook her head in disbelief.
“Can you bring her some more water?”  Julie asked our waitress.  Keesha had drained her tall glass within the first minute of sitting down.
“So what're we gonna do with this little precious one here?” Dock asked.
Keesha smiled up at Dock as he turned to her and she squished some mashed potatoes out through her teeth.  Dock’s mouth opened in a big “O” of surprise.
Keesha turned to look up at Julie and the two started making faces at each other, sticking their tongues out and rolling their eyes around.  I wished I had a camera.
We all dug into our dinner.

*****

If we were hungry when we got there, then we were in agony when it was time to leave.  I was so full that I felt like it had been Thanksgiving.
As the waitress cleared away the plates, I decided since I was paying for it all that it was my turn to talk.
“Well,” I began.  “Since Jake and Freddie are gone, maybe we should turn our attention to the little one here.  Decide what we’re gonna do.”
I looked over at Julie.  She was studying me carefully.  I was thinking that suggesting anything short of adopting the kid would get vetoed flat out even before it got to committee.  I looked at Keesha.  She had grown on me a bit in the short space of time since she had surprised us.
“We need to go back to Killeen, get my car, get you home, Dock.  In the meantime we’ll decide what we should do about Keesha.  My friend Lawrence White might help us.”
There was a bit of a silence for a moment.  I wasn’t sure if Dock had gotten what I was trying to say, so I plunged ahead again, trying a different tack.
“You’ve got grandchildren, don’t you Dock?” I asked.
“Sure I do.  Two of ’em.  They live in Gunnison, Colorado.”
“What I think Bill is trying to ask is, if there’s any reason you should back out of all this, now might be the time,” Hank said.
“Oh,” Dock said.  He looked down at his hands.  They were old man’s hands.  Mine would look like that one day, if I lived long enough.  “Well...” he began, “there’s nobody waiting for me at home, that‘s for sure, unless you count Geena’s ghost.  My wife.  I lost my wife back in ‘95 to cancer.”
“Oh,” Julie said.  She reached over and put her hand on his and squeezed.
“It’s okay.  I think she was tired of the world.  In the end it was a blessing.  I see my daughter about once a year.  Sometimes she’s brings Harper and Kelly, but not always.”
“Okay,” I said.  “I’m just trying to give you an out, Dock.  Regardless, what we need to do now is go and pick up Julie’s car.  Meanwhile Hank and I will think of our next move.  But I think the obvious thing is—“
”Shopping!” Julie said.
“Shopping!” Keesha echoed. 
“Uh, like I was about to say—shopping.  Then over to-“
”My apartment,” Julie interrupted again.
“Her apartment,” Hank said.
“Yeah,” Keesha said.
“Check, please,” I called out to our waitress across the room.  The place was starting to get crowded.  I looked down at my watch.  Where had the time gone?
“And a couple of boxes for all this food,” Hank called out.  “I’ve got a hungry dog out there.”

*****

I’ve heard Austin described as the largest small town in the world.  I think that description is the closest I’ve ever heard to the truth.  The evening rush hour traffic was gone, having disappeared into residential driveways and restaurant parking lots, and the sun had dipped down low behind the trees to the west.  Travel through the city had opened up and street lamps were coming on one by one.
Hank and Dingo and I were in Julie’s roadster, and Dock, Julie and Keesha followed us half a block back in Dock’s Suburban.  We headed north in the direction of Town Lake up South First Street.
Austin is a series of hills coming down stair-step fashion right to the water.  Out on the water we saw lovers in canoes and kayaks, wet paddles flashing in the last dying rays of the sun.
We passed the South First Street bridge and left Town Lake behind us.  South First curved to the right and became Lavaca Street.  Again, north of the river the hills resumed, stepping back up again into the high-rise jungle of downtown.  The traffic became one-way, splitting into channels between the synthetic canyons of concrete, steel and glass.  Pedestrian traffic became practically nil.  If it had been a Friday or a Saturday evening, instead of a Tuesday—or at least, I was fairly sure it was Tuesday—we would have had to mind our speed.  Austin’s Sixth Street is famous throughout the Southwest and is a heavy draw during the weekend:  college kids from the University of Texas and Austin Community College flock downtown in droves and middle-aged professionals in search of their misspent youth (and a maybe a little company) can normally be spotted, trying desperately to look as though they belong.
The few people we saw were lost in their own worlds.
We passed downtown.  The governor’s mansion loomed on our right, lit in a wash of sodium arc lamplight.  Peeking between the Methodist Church and the Capitol Hotel we could see the State Capitol itself.  Later, after full dark, its pinkish rose granite frame would become white in the glare of capitol complex lights.  As Texans, we’re proud of that building. 
We jagged left a block at Martin Luther King Boulevard, leaving Lavaca behind and trading it for Guadalupe, what natives call “The Drag.”  I guess I’d been living in Austin long enough to call myself a native.  At least I felt like one.
We continued north.  The University of Texas was there on our right, rolling past.  Tall, stately oak trees obscured academic buildings named after long-forgotten deans and contributors.  
In north Austin we pulled into the parking lot of a Target store.  Hank and I sat waiting while Julie, Dock and Keesha piled out and walked over to us.  Julie came up to my window.  I fished a credit card out of my wallet and handed it to her without a word.  I could see gratitude in her eyes.  She bent over and kissed me, the tops of her breasts showing with just a hint of cleavage.  Hank and I waited while the trio disappeared inside the store.
Hank whistled.
“That’s some girl you’ve got there,” he said.
“Yeah.  You don’t know the half of it,” I told him.
“Just what is it you do for a living, anyhow?” he asked.  I suppose I was a little shocked he’d asked me, seeing as how I’d saved his bacon once.
“I’d be happy to tell you,” I said.
“Yeah?  When?”
“Right after you tell me what happened to McMurray?”
He didn’t, so of course, I didn’t.
I always did know how to kill a conversation.

*****


Hank and I waited nearly an hour.  We didn’t do a whole lot of talking but instead allowed our food to digest while we watched shoppers go back and forth across the parking lot.
Julie and Keesha finally emerged from the sliding doors.  They were holding hands and each of them had a shopping bag.  Dock followed.  They were a little too fast for him.  
The two girls were smiling ear to ear as they walked over to us, but they both looked a little tired.
“Bill,” Keesha began, all excited.  “There’s a lady in there that’s really a man!”
“I’m not surprised, darlin’,” I told her.  “This is Austin.”
“Austin,” she said.  “Ohhhh.”  I almost laughed.  Maybe she never knew what town she was living in before, but on the other hand, maybe she knew completely.
“What’d ya’ll get?”  Hank asked.
Keesha looked up at Julie.
“Well,” Julie said.  “We’ve got a few dresses and some jeans and shirts and stuff.”
“That’s just fine,” Hank said.  I looked over at him.  The old bastard was enjoying himself.
“Well,” I said.  “Let’s go.”
The day might have been coming to a close, but I had that sinking feeling; an awareness that things were more than likely about to heat up.




CHAPTER NINE

What is it in our nature that makes us think because we can't see danger immediately in front of us that we're going to be pretty much alright?  I just don't know.
Julie lived in northwest Austin west of Loop 1 and south of Highway 183 in a duplex that resembled a medieval castle.  The duplex stood near the crest of a high hill and looked like none of its neighbors.
We drove by slowly.  Hank and I were still in the roadster and the rest of the crew was in the Suburban.  More and more the situation was coming to remind me of a High School Band Trip.  
Hank and I checked out all the parked cars along the road.  No light blue Ford F-150 pickups.  No North Texas Bubbas lying in wait.  
Hank and I drove past the duplex and took a good look. 
Nothing.  
Two blocks down we turned around in a cul-de-sac, came back and parked across the street from Julie’s place.  We waited.
It was full dark.  To the east there was the purplish twilight above the glow of the city against the sky.  From where we sat, between the trees I could see the UT Bell Tower bathed in bright orange light, about the same magnitude of brightness as the three-quarters moon just above it.  The orange glow there meant that UT had won their baseball game.
Along came Dock’s Suburban and the twin spears of bright light from his headlights.  He pulled up onto the long, narrow driveway.  His lights went off.  The interior lights came on as Julie opened the passenger door and closed it behind her.  She sprinted across the street to us.
“Okay,” she panted a little, “This is it.”
“Lemme see your keys, Julie,” Hank told her.  
She fished in her jeans pocket and I heard the rattle of keys.
“I haven’t been here in awhile, Hank,” she said.  “I don’t know what the place is going to look like.  Those idiots could be inside there laying for you, for all I know.  It’s the door on the left side.  That’s mine.  I don’t think the other side’s been leased yet.”
“It’s okay.  I’ll check it out first.”  Hank reached into the burlap sack beneath his feet and pulled out his silvery .45.  He opened the door and climbed out.
“You get in with Bill for a few minutes,” he told Julie.  “I’ll be right back.”
Julie slid in beside me.
The night was quiet but for the rrrrr-rrrr-rrrrr melody of crickets.
Julie and I watched as Hank climbed up the front walkway.  She interlaced her fingers with mine and squeezed.
Hank peered in through the front windows.  He moved around to the west side of the place and disappeared for a few minutes.  We waited.  
He reappeared, traversed the front and disappeared around the east side of the duplex.  I noticed a small “For Lease” sign perched halfway up the yard beneath the drooping branches of a Wisteria.  Hank reappeared again and was about halfway to Julie’s front door when we both noticed Dock climbing out of his Suburban.
I heard Julie’s whisper:  “Don’t do that, Dock.”
By the time Hank got to the front door and was inserting the key, Dock had made it within twenty feet of the front of the house.
*****

Explosions have a life of their own.  They are like universes unto themselves with their own internal laws of time and space, cause and effect.  To a person caught inside one I imagine it must be like knowing what is going on—time being stretched, and instances lasting eternities—and being able to do nothing to control it.  As a spectator, just on the periphery, it’s instantaneous.
My first thought, lasting about a hundredth of a second, was the lights had come on inside the duplex, but then the glow swelled in brightness becoming too bright for my eyes.  The windows, the whole front of the stone duplex became convex and the roof lifted up several feet in the air.  For an instant it was daylight.
Beside me Julie’s pony-tailed head, neck and shoulders looked black, silhouetted against a brilliant orange-white halo, then wisps of her hair blew back toward me horizontal as the blast wave rolled over us and pushed her hard against me.  My left hip and shoulder slammed against my door.
The roar was of lightning striking close by, but with a horrible rending sound that continued after it.  And then came the rain:  pebbles, stones, boards, splinters of terra cotta and whole individual u-shaped tiles that burst into fragments on the sidewalk and street.
Against the dying orange glow I could see the outline of a door, still in its frame lying in the grass not far from the street.  An arm poked out from under it, as if gesturing, pointing out something that I may have missed.
“Sweet Jesus!” Julie shouted, but my ears felt like they were full of liquid wax, or like I’d been swimming under water for far too long.
We moved in tandem, untangling ourselves from each other, got our doors open and moved across the street as the rain of debris began to slacken.  By the time my feet hit the pavement the roof of the duplex was falling inward.
Julie ran towards the Suburban.
I was going for what must be Hank beneath the shattered door.  No thought, really, just motion and the dim awareness of something shifting inside my head.  Not pain, really, just a knowingness.  People were hurt, probably dead.  There would be funerals and questioning eyes that couldn’t be answered and policemen with loud ties and tightly-trimmed mustaches holding clipboards and asking questions.
I got to Hank before Julie reached the Suburban.  I was thinking that maybe it was a good thing the explosion had taken out my hearing.  I wouldn’t want to hear the screams that might be coming from that direction any second.
I guess the door and frame covering most of Hank weighed about a good seventy pounds, but somehow it felt about as heavy as a good sack of bread as I shoved it to the side, sending it further down the hill.
I reached for Hank.
In the flicker of flame from the house I could see that his eyes were open and moving around in confusion.  
I ran my hands over his body, beginning with his legs.
He made funny gurgling sounds.  Trying to form words.  The sounds were muffled, though, as my ears were still all cotton candy.
His legs felt good and solid.  I pressed lightly against his hips.  No give.  I didn’t see any blood, no protruding bones.  There were a few buttons missing from his shirt.  The arms seemed okay.  He still had his gun in his right hand.  I took it from him and laid it in the grass.  The fingers of his left hand seemed a little odd.  One of Julie’s keys from her key ring was imbedded in his palm. I turned his hand over and felt the indentation from the key poking up against the inside of his skin on the top of his hand.
No screams from the driveway.  Yet.
Unless Hank was bad off either on the underside of his body or internally, he wasn’t going to die in the next few seconds.  I hoped.
Dock, I thought.
The last time I’d seen him he wasn’t far from the house.  I looked up.  No Dock. 
Julie was inside the Suburban.  The dome light was on and she was holding Keesha.  Dingo was barking.  Within seconds the dog was over beside us, licking Hank’s face.
Over in the Suburban I could see Keesha’s face, looking out at me above Julie’s shoulder.  She was obviously okay, probably stunned though.  The hood and top of Dock’s land barge was littered with large splinters of wood, stone masonry, terra cotta, a telephone handset, a table leg; other things unrecognized and unrecognizable in the near dark.  There were several huge dents in it.
Between where Hank lay and the car there were a number of naked timbers.
I could only think of one thing.  We had to find Dock and get the hell out of there.
“Stay here, Hank.”  It was a stupid thing to say.  Where was he going to go?
I moved across the wreckage, noting a stitch in my side.  What could have happened to it?  I ignored it.
There was no evidence of Dock amid the wreckage.  I looked through the cracked windshield of the car.  Keesha was still looking at me, Julie still holding her tight.  
From where I stood I couldn’t tell, but I’d say she was probably crying.
Keesha pointed with her free hand back towards the road behind them.
I nodded.
I moved across the roadway.  I could see Dock.  He was in the neighbor’s yard a full sixty feet from where he’d last been.  As I got to him I noticed that his right arm was gone just below the elbow.  I looked around but couldn’t see it anywhere.  Blood spurted spasmodically from the stump. 
He was still alive!  I reached over him, clenched my fingers around the stump just above his elbow and squeezed hard where I thought the biggest artery might be.  I never had any formal medical training, but some things you just do.
I heard sounds.  A voice.  Maybe my hearing was improving.
I looked at his face.
I became aware that there were people coming out of the neighboring homes, moving slow, stunned.  I just looked at Dock’s face, tried to see his lips move.  A street lamp behind and above me was on full bright and Dock’s features were tinged with blue in the pale light.  He was covered with splinters and gouge marks the entire length of his body.  His neck seemed to be not right.
“Whoa there,” a voice said.  It was Dock.
His eyes focused on me for a moment.  There was sort of a quizzical look on his face.
“I... uh...” he said.
“Take it easy, Dock.  Go slow.  Anything you want to say, now might be the time.”
“It’s all...  right.  You... doan need... ta worreee... about me.   Uh.  Kid... okaaay?”
“Yes, Dock.  She’s fine.  Hank too.”
“Gooooood.”  He whispered something, but I didn’t quite catch it.
“What was that, Dock?”
He appeared to marshal himself for the effort to communicate it, whatever it was.
“Uh...   Just—  God... damned real estate agent,” Dock said, and died.
His eyes stared, but the power behind them was gone.  I smelled fresh shit.
“God bless you, Dock,” I said.  “Goodbye.”  What else was there to say?
I reached into his shirt pocket and took out the business card that I’d given him back at Hill’s Cafe.

*****

The stunned people moved slowly across the street, coming on like zombies from some Grade B horror flick.  I picked out bits and pieces from their abbreviated conversations with each other:
“What do you think happened?”
“I dunno.  Sure was loud.”
“Gotta have been the gas jets.  My cousin once—”
“Has somebody called the fire department?”
“I think that man’s dead.”
I ignored all of it, including the occasional attempt to hail me:  “Hey, Mister.”
After disentangling Julie from the girl, the two of us went and got Hank slowly up to first his knees, then his feet.  His eyes cast about.  I could understand it, completely.  If it had been me under that door, my luck being what it had proven out to be thus far, I would have been knocking on St. Peter’s Gate.  But I guess that’s just my Southern Baptist side talking.
Between the two of us, each of us supporting him with a shoulder under an armpit, we moved across the wreckage to the Suburban.  Dingo moved in front.  She barked at the neighbors as they came into the edge of the yard.
About halfway to the driveway I stumbled a little over a piece of iron pipe that had once been part of a workout bike or something, and I almost brought both Hank and Julie down on top of me.  I kept my footing and resolved to be more careful.  I looked at Hank’s face and was relieved to see that he was coming around.  His eyebrows were knitted into a disapproving frown.
“Sorry, Hank” I said.
Julie leaned her side of him up against the side of the Suburban and got the rear door open.  I noticed it was Keesha that pulled up the lock-stem.  God Bless her.
Suddenly there was a skinny fellow wearing a tie-dyed t-shirt and Bermuda shorts, talking up a storm.
“I think Jerry is calling the Fire Department on his cell phone.  Hey, hold on, folks.”
Julie and I ignored him and got Hank into the back seat where he sprawled out across the long seat.
Julie snapped her head up at the fellow.  “Look,” she yelled.  “He’s got fractures and contusions.  Possibly internal bleeding.  We’re taking him to the hospital or he’ll die if we wait.”
At that, as if cued to do so, Hank let out a loud groan.
“See,” I said, showing exasperation.
“Oh.  You guys better hurry.  I’ll get Jerry to call the Hospital and tell the E.R. you’re on the way.”
Who the hell is Jerry? I thought.  “Good.  Thanks, neighbor.  You’re in charge.  Keep everything under control until the Fire Department gets here.”  It was all I could think of to say.
I climbed into the driver’s seat.  Dock had left the keys in the ignition.
“Thanks, Dock,” I said.  
Julie got in and Keesha climbed over the seat between us and into the back.  I looked back and saw her lift Hank’s head up and dip her hips in underneath him to support his head on her lap.
Julie and I closed our doors and the dome light faded to black.
I hit the door lock button.
There was a knock at my window.  An old woman, kind of goggle-eyed.  She reminded me of Gladys Kravitz on the old Bewitched serials.
I smiled at her, nodding.  Maybe she wasn’t able to see my face in the night.
She cupped her hands to the glass and attempted to peer inside.
“Go, Bill,” Julie said.
I turned the key hard and pressed on the gas.  Something sharp had worked its way up through the soles of my Doc Martens and wedged up between the toes of my right foot.  Just another item to ignore.
The engine roared.
Oh yeah, I thought.  I’d forgotten to put it in gear.
Gladys Kravitz was still there, hands cupped against the glass and unseeing eyes probing. 
I grabbed the gear lever and pull it down hard one click.  Reverse.
The whole vehicle shuddered once and we were in sudden motion.  I flicked my eyes toward the rearview mirror and shadowy shapes tinged in blue from the street lamp and red from the backup lights leapt out of the way.
I jerked the wheel hard over to the left, dimly aware of having rolled over a good deal of wreckage.  There was a crunch as we bottomed out on the street and I hoped the gas tank hadn’t ruptured.  On the hood the table-leg, telephone cord, and shards of red and gray stone sloughed off into the street.
I stood on the brakes and threw it into drive.
And we were gone into the night.
In the back seat Keesha was talking.
“If you ask me, this is a bunch of bullshit,” she said.
I couldn’t have said it better myself.

*****

The houses rolled past us: flick-flick-flick-flick in a staccato of alternating light and dark.  I glanced down at the speedometer.  We were doing sixty in a residential neighborhood.  Somewhere a long way ahead I heard sirens.
“We left the guns,” Julie said.  “All but Hank’s forty-five.”
It came to me then just why my side hurt.  The thirty-eight Hank had given me was digging hard into my leg. 
“Still got this,”  I said, and fished it out.  I laid it back on my lap.
“How’s Hank?”  I asked.
I hung a right, hoping to take us both further into the neighborhood and farther away from anyone who might want to stop us. 
“He’s alright,” Keesha said.  Julie and I took it as authority.
“Thank you, darlin’,” I said.
“Hank,” I heard her coo to him softly. “You gonna be just fine.”
The night had taken on the surreal quality of a good nightmare. 
“We can’t go to Hank’s place,” Julie said.  “It’s too long of a drive.  Besides, there’s nothing we need there except your car.  Shoot!”
“What?”
“We left my car?”
“Oh.  Yeah,” I said.
“But wait.  That’s okay.”
“Why?”  I asked.
“It’s not my car.”
“Oh.”  I let it go, for the moment.  Maybe I’d remember to ask later.  “Ordinarily,” I said, “this would be a good time to talk to a very nice policeman.  You know, I do know one or two.”
She punched me in the arm.
“Ow!” I yelled.
“She does that a lot, doesn’t she?”  Hank said from the back seat.  He was still lying down.  “I think that means she likes you.  Must be why she was punching me earlier.”
“We haven’t done anything wrong,” I said to Julie, ignoring Hank’s comment.  
I began to see what she was talking about:  the explosion, Dock dead, a sack of guns on the floorboard of her car—or not her car, as the case may be—parked across the street from a duplex that looked like what was left of Saddam Hussein’s summer home.  Also, it appeared that we weren’t checking into any hospitals, as we’d told Julie’s neighbor.  Then, on top of all that, there would be questions, assuredly, about Keesha.  Where she’d come from and why we had not taken her directly to the police upon finding her abandoned.  Then there were the imponderables:  such things as stalkers, sniper-fire, and more than likely a whole host of other interesting things that Julie hadn’t told us yet.
It wasn’t the first time, I realized as we sped through the night toward destinations and futures uncertain, that I had been wholly and completely guilty of taking the wrong turn in life.
I had a few things to latch onto, though.  Important things.  Beside me sat a cute reddish blond girl who was depending on me no matter how reliable she might or might not prove herself to be.  And there was a  kid in the back seat that we all seemed to care more than a damn about.  
All in all, since none of us were capable of altering the immediate past as we ate up the night, things still weren’t too far from perfect.

*****

The highway moved along and the Suburban seemed to stand still.  Four of us and a dog, slip-streaming into the night.  
I visited ghosts of souls I had known.  It could have been me instead of the old man, eyes fixed and lifeless staring into dark skies.
But it hadn’t been.  
The old guy had had a way of smiling.  The loose skin around his eyes and mouth had crinkled up when he was enthralled—as he had been with Keesha.  I wished I had had the chance to get to know him better.  That chance was gone.
I don’t have many regrets about my life.  Maybe I had come to be just a little too careful with it, holding onto life like a firefly in a jar, shirking danger and responsibility.
There in the night I was having an epiphany.  There would surely be blood and pain to come, but at least I’d be living it.  I wouldn’t be dead from the age of forty until eighty or so, or whenever that appointed date and hour was scheduled to come and pass.  I’d be living it.
As I turned Dock’s dented and baptized-by-fire Suburban out onto the expressway, I watched the traffic lessen with the approaching midnight hour.  I watched as Julie appeared to calm down a bit.  I listened to Hank moan and breathe, and to Keesha’s subdued, yet cooing words that didn’t seem to make any sense but were somehow both powerful and perfect as she stroked Hank’s cheek.  And somehow, the moment, like all moments that had come and gone before, passed right on by.
In its wake an inexpressible feeling departed from my chest to be replaced by a sense of place and peace that I had never felt before.

CHAPTER TEN

White’s Barbecue looked more alien and far less welcoming in the hours before midnight than it had during the bright early-morning hours a few days past.  The willow fronds became drooping, other-worldly tendrils in the sultry, windless night.  A bare, too-bright back porch light revealed this fundamental difference in its etheric glow.
Hank was under his own power.  I stood next to him by the car and kept a close watch over him without appearing, hopefully, to do so.  Hank never was the kind of guy who liked to be thought of as needing help, and just maybe that was why it was so hard for me to get close to him;  that is, aside from the fact that I didn’t know what he had done with that IRS agent.
I knocked on the side door of the house.
After a minute the door opened a crack.  I held my palm up against the glare of the light.  Julie and Keesha stood at the bottom step behind me.
“What the...  What you doin’ here, Mr. William?” the deep voice of a woman enquired.
“Ms. Coleeta, I was wondering if Lawrence is home.”
“Naw.  He ain’t home.  What’re you doin’ with all these people?”
“It’s a long story, Ms. Coleeta, and it’s a bit of an emergency, and—“
”Stop right there, Mr. William.  Who is this here?” She asked, gesturing toward Julie and Keesha.
“That’s also what this is about,” I told her.
The door opened wider and a large yet gentle hand came to rest on the screen door spring.
“That’s enough,” she said.  “You can tell me all about it in a little while.  Lawrence will be back directly.  He’s gone to Waco to pick up some chickens.  You’re welcome in this house, Mr. William, so come on in here.  That’s all of you.  You too, Slim,” she said, raising her voice and hailing Hank, who leaned back against my car at the edge of the light.
I stepped up to the top step and in through the door into the waiting warmth inside.
“Come on in here, child,” I heard her say behind me.  “Don’t be shy, now.”
Just inside the kitchen I turned and waited.
First came Keesha, with Julie’s hands resting gently on her shoulders, propelling her forward with just a touch.  Julie looked worn out.  Her eyes met mine.  
There came an indefinable moment, no more than just an instant, in which something passed between Julie and me.  We had been alone before, had been as physically close as two people could be, and yet this was, for some reason, a far more intimate moment.  A sharing.  Her somewhat pale, thin lips moved soundlessly.  I was vaguely aware of little-girl eyes looking up at me, head tilted, and for an instant rapt.  Keesha was watching.
I acknowledged Julie, smiling in spite of myself, and mouthed the same.
Hank came after Julie.  I noticed the color was returning to his face.  His hand had stopped bleeding through the makeshift bandage of one of Julie’s brown socks.
“Ya’ll go on in and sit at the dining room table,” she said, shooing us further on into the house.  “I’ll get some coffee going.”
“Thank you, Ms. Coleeta,” I said.
“You,” she told me.  “You and me are going to have some words, right after I find out what’s going on.”
“Yes ma’am,” I said.  What else could I say?
“That child needs a bath,” she said, turning toward the dining room.
“I hadn’t noticed,” I said.

*****

Ms. Coleeta was Lawrence’s mother.  I had been on a nodding acquaintance with her for a good number of years, but this was my first opportunity to get to know her without Lawrence being there.
When Lawrence left the Army back in ’88, he’d been home only a week before he fired up the grill.  His uncle, Benjamin Finley, came up from Houston and spent two weeks with Lawrence and his mother, showing Lawrence the ins and outs of the barbecue business.  Ben ran one of Houston’s most successful barbecue stands off of Jentsen Drive.  I got to know the fellow when I was in college down there.  That was the history of White’s Barbecue according to Lawrence.  
Ms. Coleeta had a different version of the same story.  According to her, about the second night Lawrence was home, he practically cleaned out her refrigerator.  Somewhere along the line, Lawrence had learned how to eat.  He ate and ate and ate.  Whether it was in his genes—his grandfather, after all, was a big man—or just his inclination, the man put groceries away faster than they could be purchased.
That second night Ms. Coleeta got up to fix herself a late night snack and found there was nothing in the refrigerator.  Even the six month-old pickled relish was gone.
She didn’t bother closing the door.  She went to the telephone, picked it up and called her dead husband’s brother in Houston, and the next morning the man drove up Highway 290 to Austin.  By sundown that night there was more food in the house than Lawrence could possibly eat.  Ben even sprung for a new deep freeze.  Within forty-eight hours Lawrence was cooking and dishing out platters of food for the neighbors, and he was making money while he was doing it.  Word spread rapidly through the community and Lawrence and his mother were in business.
And that was White’s Barbecue, a history of.
Personally, I liked Ms. Coleeta’s version better.  
About six months after Lawrence got his barbecue stand going—regardless of which version a fellow chose to believe—a certain Austin do-gooder and financial consultant got a late night call.  Somebody was pulling in too much cash.  In fact, according to Benjamin, Lawrence didn’t have a bank account.  What he did have was about ninety thousand dollars in greenbacks.
So I went to work.
That was all of fifteen years before.  In that time I had put on about fifteen extra pounds.  Lawrence, however, had added an extra Lawrence—size-wise.
Fifteen years.
I sat at Coleeta’s dining room table.  Next to me was Hank with a beer in his hand.  Across from me was Ms. Coleeta.  Julie was in the bathroom giving Keesha a good scrubbing.  We heard the occasional loud splash and explosion of giggles from both of them.
Those two were rapidly becoming inseparable.
Having been raised in the neck of woods I hail from, namely the Brazos River Valley area of east Central Texas, I had met a good number of large-boned black women in my time.  My father had been an insurance agent for many of my formative years and he used to take me along while collecting on his debit route.  From about the age of eight to eleven I must have highly favored a young Jerry Mathers (either that or all of us little white boys look the same) and along my dad’s route in many a black home such as Coleeta White’s I became known as “Beaver”, or just plain “Beave”.
Coleeta White and her warm home called to mind those days.  
“Now,” she began.  “Let’s see how much of this we can sort out before my son gets back from Waco.”
“Well, ma’am...”  Hank started in.
“Hold on, Slim.  I want to hear from Mr. William here first.”
It took awhile, but I told her everything that had happened thus far.  She took the news about the murder attempt on Julie pretty easily but when I told her about the explosion I noticed a shocked look had come over her face.  Her mouth was open and her eyebrows were drawn down into a heavy v-shape of sheer anger.  At that moment I swore I would never, ever do anything to make the woman mad at me. 
“What’re you gonna do, Mr. William?” she asked.
At that moment Julie and Keesha came into the room.  Each of them had on a new dress and were smiling from ear to ear.
I looked down at Keesha.  Her eyes sparkled and she was moving from side to side in excitement.
“Ms. Julie says you bought this dress for me, Bill.”
“That’s right, darlin’,” I said.  “And don’t you look pretty?”
“She does,” Ms. Coleeta said.  “Come over here, child” she said.
Ms. Coleeta pushed her chair back.  “Come on and hop up here with me,” she said.
“Yes’m”  Keesha said.
With the kid in her lap, she turned back to me.
“Well?” she asked.
“She’s why we came here,” I said, nodding toward Keesha.  I looked up at Julie.
“Hoo-boy,” Ms. Coleeta said.  “I see now.”
“Yes ma’am,” I said.  “I’m sure that right now you can see better than any of us.”
She looked back down at the child who was curled on her lap.
“Ma’am,” Hank said.  “I’m only glad you didn’t see the conditions this child was living in.  It would have broken your heart.”
“I heard it, though,” she said.  A tear slipped down her cheek before she could catch it.  “I heard it in what William wasn’t saying.”
I felt Julie behind me.  She put her arms around my neck.  She whispered in my ear.
“You’re amazing,” she said.  I patted her arm.
“We’ll talk about all this tomorrow,” Ms. Coleeta said.  “It’s getting plenty late and it’s been a long day—for everybody.  You folks can bed down now.  Miss Julie, Keesha, you both can sleep with me.  You two men can sleep out here in the livin’ room.  I might wake you when Lawrence comes in, which I expect will be some time between two and four.”
With that said, the meeting broke up.

*****

Lying awake in the darkness, the loud tick of an old-fashioned cuckoo clock to track the passing half-seconds, I waited for the sound of tires crunching on gravel.  It didn’t come.
There in the pier-and-beam solid wood-floored home, lavish with green and red Abusson throw rugs and aging pictures of a sad Jesus, I became comfortable for what felt like the first time in ages.
I successfully fought off sleep for an hour, maybe longer.
Big trucks whistled along I-35 half of a mile away west in the night, and there was the occasional whoop of an ambulance siren, approaching, dwindling, gone.  
Finally, sleep came, embracing me and carrying me off.

*****

There are some that give credence to dreams. I always subscribe more to the philosophy that they are the drippings of experiential soup; nothing less, nothing more.  But my dream there on Coleeta White’s couch was potent, and inside it, I became caught up in a plot not of my own devising.  
This was Africa.  I don’t know how I knew this, it just was.  A thousand miles away from any coastline, Julie and I were in a valley.  It was property that we owned and we were together there.  On the land there were solid square miles of old junk cars and trucks laying about in no particular pattern, rusting away, turning into habitats for exotic wildlife that was too quick for the eye.
Our landrover had run out of gas here near the center of our labyrinth.  I opened the squeaking door of the truck and climbed out.  Julie came out her side.
“I’ll get it,” she said, and reached into the back for a jerrycan of gas, about five gallons worth.  She hefted it with a small grunt and it knocked about against the sidewalls before coming free.
I turned and put my hat on my head and walked a few paces back down the road, surveying our disorderly valley.
Something was wrong here.
On a feeling, I turned and Julie was standing to the side of the road.  The jerrycan was raised up over her head. She tilted it toward her and liquid spilled out, covering her from head to foot and running off in little pools.
She smiled at me.
I was rooted to the spot, trying to move toward her.  I had to stop her.  Why was she doing this?  Julie pulled out a pack of matches from her butternut-colored safari shirt.  The can hit the dirt beside her, rolled over into the ditch.  She held the book of matches out before her, between us.  I  tried to read a “why” in her eyes, but there were motivations there unknown and unknowable.
I shouted at her but I couldn’t make a sound.  A low, dry whistle emerged from my throat.
The matchbook opened.  She struck a match.  Above us the sky was the deep purplish blue of approaching twilight.  We lived in this world that was like no other.  And Julie wanted to leave it.
I tried to scream at her.  The scream was a bubble of agony, terror, unreality and negation swelling in my chest, struggling to break through like a drowning man struggling for the surface.
The smile widened on her face.  She batted her eyes at me.  The match came to life.  It was like a stage magician’s trick.  She held the lit match above her cupped palm as if to say “Look, see? I have made fire!”
She let go of the flickering match.  I could no longer see the flame from it, but I knew it was there.  The match fell slowly, gracefully, a drifting feather-match, as delicate as a mayfly’s wings and as potent as poison.
The bubble broke.  The scream came, at first as an almost silent wail, then in growing intensity like a teakettle coming to boil, it whistled out:
“nnoooOOOOO!”
Flames engulfed her, her hair, her eyes, her clothes and skin.  And I was screaming but my scream was just the tiniest whistle.
*****

“Bill! Bill!” It was Hank and I was awake, the shallow wail from my throat cut off.
“Get a hold of yourself,” he said.
 I stared into the darkness in the direction of his voice.  The house was quiet.
I noticed lights through the blousy window curtains.  Truck headlights.  They were there just a moment before they winked out.
“Somebody’s here,” Hank said.  “I hope to God it’s this big friend of yours.”
“It’s Lawrence,” I said.  “Back from his chicken run to Waco.  Yeah.  I hope so too.”

*****

It was.
The inside back porch light came on and I heard a heavy tread on the hardwood floor. 
I listened.
After a few moments I heard low murmurs from down the long hallway off the living room.  It sounded like it was the back bedroom.  It was Lawrence and his mother whispering to each other. 
I didn’t feel so good, and it wasn’t just the leftover stirrings from the nightmare I had just experienced.  It was a feeling of vacuum down in my gut.  Like maybe I was taking unfair advantage of folks of good will and had become a nuisance.  
The whispers and mumbles lasted a few minutes, Mrs.  Coleeta explaining, no doubt, and Lawrence clarifying.  No other voices.
The conversation ceased.  The hardwood floors vibrated, and I knew Lawrence was again moving through the house.   Hank and I waited, but Lawrence was either intent on getting some much-needed sleep for himself or on allowing—for the moment—sleeping dogs to lie.  Or both at the same time.
We heard the creak of old bed springs behind a closed door.
“Let’s catch a few hours more,” Hank whispered in my direction.
Before long I was back on the edge of sleep. And thankfully, this time, there were no dreams.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Breakfast was a family affair.  Keesha sat up at the table, smiling, a milk moustache prominent beneath her little nose.  She wore a small light-blue PowerPuff Girls blouse—one of the purchases from Target, no doubt.  She looked happy in it.  No more lonely nights and grimy tenements for her.  It made my heart glad.
Julie sat across from me and to Keesha’s left, making fast work with her knife and fork.
Lawrence put in an appearance, plopping himself down in a chair and looking as though he could do with a little additional sleep.
Breakfast done, Julie helped Ms. Coleeta with clearing the table and getting the kitchen squared away.  It was refreshing to see Keesha both eager to help and encouraged to at the same time.  The vacant look that had been there on her face had begun to fade.  There is no greater thrill in life than to find that you are not only useful, but that you can help, and that your help matters.  I was sure it was that, coupled with her natural childhood resilience, that made all the difference.
Hank remained at the table nursing yet another cup of coffee while Lawrence took me out back to the pit.
As the morning wore on, I helped him clean out the previous days dead coals and scrape the grill.
I had a beer in my left hand, and that made it feel like a Sunday.
“Hey, Bill?” I knew from the tone of his voice that what he had to talk about with me wouldn’t be exactly sweetness and light.  I was right.  “How’d you get roped into this?” he asked after handing me a scratcher pad.
“It’s a long story,” I told him.
“When did it start?”
“As far as I can tell about 1926.”
“You’re playin’ me, man,” he said.
“Well, maybe a little.  But still, I think that’s where the money started.  I’ve still got some checking into all that to do.  But I came in on this whole thing Monday morning.  By the way, what’s today?”
“Thursday.”
“Damn,” I said.
“Yeah.  Time flies, and all that shit.”
“Yeah.”
“You got pulled in pretty fast, didn’t you?”
Fast.  That was the word I’d been searching for while dodging Austin Police patrol cars in the night.
“Yeah,” I said.  “But compared to what?”
“Don’t get me wrong, Bill,” he said.  “She seems like a fine lady, even though she’s some kind of thief, but—you gonna do this thing?  You going to help her?”
I thought about it for a moment.  “I don’t know what else to do,” I said.
“Bill,” he said, pausing.  I looked up at him.  “You in love with this girl or something?  Don’t get me wrong.  I’m smitten with her myself.”
I looked down at the grill I was scrubbing and at my hands.  The grill was cleaner than it had been probably since it was new and I had flecks of black carbon up to my elbows.  It was a hell of a question, and I suppose it took me a little off guard.  I wasn’t sure how to answer.
“You really want an answer for that, Lawrence?”
“Not if you don’t want to give me one.”
He looked at me, his large brown eyes both expectant and patient.
“I like her, Lawrence.  She reminds me I’m still alive.”
He laughed.  “Yeah.”
“Yeah,” I said.
“I’ve seen men do worse.”
We put our attention back on the job at hand for another ten minutes.  When I looked back up, Lawrence was just standing there, his hands on his hips.  He was a big man, but he carried it well.  I’d known a few large guys before that were like Lawrence; much bigger than they themselves perceived.  I had a theory that because they were not so consciously aware of their own size they could be dexterous and quick.  There’s nothing quite as liberating as not knowing one’s own limitations. 
“The kid can stay with us,” he said.
“That one came out of left field,” I told him.
“That‘s where I pitch from.  Don’t take this the wrong way, but she needs her own kind of folks.  What she don’t need is more danger.”
I agreed with him.  I hoped that Julie would as well.  Maybe it wouldn’t be a sticking point.  A wedge between us.
I finished up on his grill.  When I looked around, he was unloading whole chickens from a large Igloo ice cooler, setting them up next to his cutting board, getting them ready to quarter.
“Bill.  I’d join you.  I’d help out.”
“But?”  I waited.
“I’ve got to mind this grill and take care of my momma.  I wouldn’t mind seeing a little action, though, you know?”
“Action?  That’s the last thing I want.  Really, I’d prefer a vacation.
“Yeah, right!”  He laughed.  “Since when do people like us get to take vacations?”
I supposed he was right.
He turned towards me, one large brown hand with long fingers like plump sausages wrapped around a whole chicken.  I imagined those hands could be of real use to us in the near future, but it looked as though it wasn’t meant to be.
“Yeah.  I understand,” I told him.
“But I do have one piece of advice for you,” he said.
“I’m listening.”
“Good.  I don’t like to give out advice.  Most of the time people don’t like to take it.  It was a white fellow, I think, who said that people just hear what they want to hear, and disregard the rest.”
“Right.  That was Paul Simon.”
“Alright then.  Don’t you think you better talk with that woman of yours in there about all this stuff?  About the kid?  About what she really wants you to do?  You’d better take control of this operation right now.  But first, I’d find out where her heart is.  What side she’s on, if she’s on anybody’s but her own.  If she’s willing to put you in danger then something’s not right.
I just looked at him.
“Well,” he said.  “That’s it.”
“Okay,” I said.  I didn’t realize that I had been holding my breath and so I let it out.  “Maybe I’ll do just that,” I said.

*****

By the time I got back inside the house the look on Hank’s face probably meant that he was aware that I had something on my mind, but that he wasn’t hell-bent on questioning me about it.
In the kitchen I caught Julie wiping wet dish hands on her pretty backside.  She turned to look at me.
“We need to talk,” I said.

*****

We sat on a couple of rusted-out and upended barbecue barrels in the back yard.  There were bees around us, gathering nectar from the wild flowers that grew there in profusion.
“I had a dream about you last night,” I said.
“Not good?”
“Yeah.  Very not good.  Do you know what today is?”  I asked her.
“No.”
“I didn’t think so.  It’s Thursday.  I had to ask Lawrence what day it was.  I don’t like all this on-the-run shit, Jules.  So we have to switch tactics about right now.”
“What do you want to do?”
“Do you still have Carpin’s little black book?”
“Uh.  Yeah.  I’ve got it in my purse.  Who are you gonna call?”
I thought about not telling her, or lying.  There was probably too much of that going on in our relationship already.  So, I told her.
“Your friend, Archie Carpin, for starters.”
“Bill, no.”
“Oh, I’m going to talk to him, alright.  Also to that other fellow...  What’s his name?  The one who helped you.”
She gasped.
“No.  You can’t!”
“Oh.  I can, alright.  You’d be surprised what I can do.  The next time you want to go setting somebody up and cleaning them out, come talk to me first.  I know people with money.  Money is the one thing you’d never have to worry about with me.”
“Okay,” she said.
“I’m not through.  Also, we’re going to need some equipment.  For—“
”Getting the money,” she finished for me.  Her eyes were downcast.  I’ve been dressed down a few times in my life and know how it feels.  Julie was looking like I had shot her favorite cat.  I didn’t feel so good about being the jerk, but somebody had to do it.  Things had gotten way too far out of hand and she’d been shot at and a nice old fellow had been killed in an explosion meant for her.  Some people will resist any effort to help them, even while they’re practically screaming for help.  Julie was a walking disaster.  But, then again, she had warned me about her middle name.
“I’m only hoping Carpin will negotiate,” I said.
“Oh Bill,” she began.  Her eyes were red.  “He won’t.  He’ll kill you.  And me.  He’s...”
I held up my hand, cutting her off.
“Nobody’s going to kill you,” I said.  “Nor me.  And certainly not Hank Sterling.”
“You don’t have to do any of this,” she said.  “I could— I could disappear.”
My stomach did a little flip-flop.  My throat tightened and suddenly felt twice its size.
Dark clouds were coming in over the trees away to the east of us.  Rain clouds.
“I told you I’d help you,” I said.  “That’s what I do.  That’s what I’m doing now.  Just stick by me.  There may come a time when I’ll want you to cut and run.  Go into hiding.  But that time’s not now.”
I turned and looked at her face in profile, her beautiful tresses, the warm, natural glow of her skin.
“Okay,” she said.
“Julie.”
“Yeah?”
“I’ll get you through this.”
“I know.”
Silence again.  I could feel the electric current between the two of us, an effect of the attraction versus the distance.  Like two huge celestial objects attracted together by gravity or magnetism but held apart by some greater force.
But there were more important matters at the moment.
“You and Hank and I are about to leave,” I told her.  “But Keesha stays here with Lawrence and his mother.”
She frowned.  “She’s a wonderful kid, Bill.  But I know we can’t take her with us.  She‘s why you came here.  To Lawrence and his mom.  It‘s okay.”
“Good,” I said.  I slipped one arm around her narrow, perfect waist.  “Go get it,” I told her.
“Get what?”
“That little black book.”

*****

Our goodbye was short.  Underneath the shade tree in the front yard where the grass had given up the ghost many years before beneath the incessant comings and goings of barbecue customers and family, Ms. Coleeta and Keesha managed to get hugs in on all three of us.  Hank and I shook hands with Lawrence.  
As I started up the Suburban, Keesha popped around the car to my window.  I flicked the button and rolled it down.
“My man Bill,” she said.  “You be careful.”
“I will, darlin’.”
“My girl Julie, my man Henry.  You both be careful.”
“We will, honey,” Julie said.
She stood back and waved as I backed us out into the street.  I patted Julie on the leg.  She was actually smiling.
It was the best goodbye I’d ever had.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Within five minutes after we left the sky overhead had become overcast with immense, dark clouds.  Lightning played across the sky to the east.  We all knew we were in for it.
We crossed Austin from east to west, then got back on the Loop going south.  Our destination?  My house.
It was sort of interesting being home without my own car.  Mine was back at Dock’s house in Killeen.
Then it hit me.  Anyone trying to figure out who Dock was or how he’d gotten where we left him would begin by checking into his home on the outskirts of Killeen.  Which meant they’d find my car.
It was time to make a couple of phone calls and then get a move on.  Well past time.
Before going inside we looked the place over as best we could.  Nothing appeared to be tampered with.  Hank got Dingo out of the Suburban and let him sniff around, first the front door, then the back.  Nothing.  I didn’t know whether or not Dingo was specially trained, but Hank seemed to act as if Dingo had given the place her seal of approval.
Just in case, we went in through the back door.
About the time we got inside, the rain began, coming down in sheets.  It had been awhile since I’d seen such a hard rain. 
It didn’t appear that anything in the house had been tampered with.  My fish were about half starved, so I gave them an extra dose of food.
While Julie, Hank and Dingo raided my refrigerator, I picked up the phone.

*****

“Yallo?”  The voice sounded like it was talking through a couple of jawfuls of gravel.
“Is this Mr. Neil, or Mr. Mortensson?”
“Who wants to know?”
“Bill.”
“Bill who?”
“Just Bill.  This is with regard to Julie Simmons and Archie Carpin.”
Silence.
“Hello?”  I said again.
“I’m here,” gravel-voice said.
“Just making sure.”
“Where is she?”
“She’s safe, for now.  A couple of jokers named Jake and Freddie, who I’ve been dying to meet, keep trying to kill her.  Know anything about that?”
Silence.
“Is this Mr. Neil?”  I asked.
“Neil’s dead.”
“Really?  My condolences.  When did he die?”
“Last week.”
“Really?”
“Yeah.  Really.”
“So I guess he can’t talk to me then.”
“Not unless you’ve got a crystal ball or something—connections on the other side.  Son, you don’t want to get involved in this shit.  It’s not exactly safe.”
“You know what’s not safe?  Going around sniping at folks with deer rifles and setting dynamite charges inside of duplexes.  That’s not safe at all.”
“Bill, huh?  Maybe it’s your real name.  Okay, listen up real close, you happy dip wad.  You’ve got a woman there who is pure-dee poison.  Don’t turn your back on her.”
“Thanks for the advice,” I said.  “So how do we go about calling off these dogs?”
“You mean the dipshit twins?  Bullets won’t stop ’em.  They’re too stupid to know when to quit.”
“That’s what I thought,” I said.  I looked up from my couch to see Julie leaning up against the doorway from the kitchen.  Her arms were crossed under her breasts and she had a serious look on her face.  Behind her I could see a tail wagging.  Hank was feeding Dingo something.  I wondered what it could be.
“What you think is what she wants you to think.”
I covered up the phone with my hand so gravel-voice couldn’t hear.
“Does Jolly Mortensson sound like he gargles with sandpaper?” I asked Julie
“Yeah,” she said.
I took my hand off the phone.
“Okay,” I told him.  “Somehow I get the feeling that you two aren’t the best of friends.”
“I don’t have any friends, Mr. Bill.  All my friends are dead.”
“I understand your nickname now.”
“What?”
“Goodbye, Jolly,” I said, and hung up.

*****

I made another call.
I had to wade through three different people at the Sheriff’s office until I got who I was looking for:  an old friend of mine, Deputy Patrick Kinsey.
“Kinsey,” he said.
“Pat.  This is your old friend, Bill Travis.  I need a favor.”
“Bill?  Bill Travis?”
“Yeah.”
“Damn.  It’s been awhile.  I thought I saw you one time across the room at one of those lawyer functions my wife’s always trying to get me to go to.  By the time I got over to you, you were nowhere to be found.  By the way, what happened to us?  We used to really knock back the suds.”
“You got married, Pat.”
“Oh,” he said.  “Yeah.  Guess you’re right.  I did.  Okay, so that makes sense.”
“Yeah.”
“So what kind of favor?”
“First, I’ll give you something.”
“Shoot,” Pat said.
“That explosion in northwest Austin last night.”
“Okay, you got me.  I’m all ears.”
“You recording this?” I asked.
“Not if you say not to.”
“Okay,” I told him.  “Don’t.”
“Got it.”
“Write down a name.  Got a pen?”
“Sure do.  Poised for writing.”
“Good.  The name is Carpin, with a ‘C’.”
“Carpin.  Got it.  Is that a first name or a last name?”
“Last.  What I’ve got for a first name is Archie.  I don’t know anything else, so I’ll guess it’s maybe an Archibald.  Who knows?”
“Okay.  This who I’m looking for?”
“Him or a couple of his flunkies.  Two names.  Flunky number one is Jake Jorgenson, I think.  The other is Freddie Sanderberry.  You might have to flip-flop those two last names, though.  I never did write any of this down, so it might be all backwards.”
“Okay.”
“Jake and Freddie blew up the duplex.  They drive a late model Ford F-150 pickup, light blue.  Looks like it needs a coat of paint.”
“Coat of paint, got it.”
“Okay, so if you run all this through the National Crime Information Computer, I’ll bet you get diddley-squat.  But, I’m willing to bet the FBI has a file on them, especially Carpin.  He runs horses and moonshine stills up in North Texas, or rather, he did.”
“Geez Louise.  Got it.  You’re leaving out a whole lot,” he said.
“Protecting somebody.”
“One of your special clients?”
“As I recall, you were a special client of mine once,” I said.
“Bill, did you know the guy who died.  Dock Slocum?”
“Yeah.  He was...  a friend of a friend.  One of the good ones.  He’s got people up in Gunnison, Colorado, if I recall correctly.  You’ll find my car when you go over to his house.”
“I was just about to head over there and have a look around.  Geez, Bill, I really think you ought to come in and talk with me about this one.”
I watched as Julie turned away from me and went up the stairs.  Maybe she’d heard enough.
“Can’t do that, Patrick,” I said.  “I’ve just told you everything you need to know right now.”
“Somehow, I have trouble believing that.”
“Yeah.  I know.”
“Alright,” he said.  I could hear the resignation in his voice.  “Where can I reach you, Bill?”
“If I need to, I’ll be reaching you.”
“You better write down my cell phone number,” he said. He gave it to me and I took it down.  I could hear some shuffling over the phone line.  Probably Patrick clearing his work space.  Maybe I’d lit a fire under him.
“So what’s the favor?” he asked.
“When all this is said and done I may be seriously needing your help.  For my client.  Possibly for me too.”  There was a long silence on the other end.
“Bill.  I can do just about anything except break the law.  But you know that.”
“I know.  Wouldn’t want you to break anything.  Might want you to bend a few things, though.”
“Bending.  Now that I can do, if I have to.  It depends on how far.”
“Good.  I don’t know exactly what kind of help we may need, but it never hurts to have a friend in your corner, you know?” 
“You got it.  I’m plainclothes now anyway.  It gives me a little latitude.  Anything else?”
“I’ll let you know when, and if, the time comes.”
He was quiet for a bit. 
“You sound sorta funny,” he said.
“Yeah, but nobody’s laughing.”
“Okay,” he said.  “See ya.”
“See ya,” I said, and hung up.

*****

I placed another call, this time to my office.
Penny answered.
“Penny.  It’s Bill.”
“Mr. Travis!  Mr. Bierstone has been looking for you.  He’s had me leave several messages on your desk.”
“That’s fine, Penny.  I may be out for a few days.  It’s this Simmons case he wanted me to handle.  Listen, Penny, I’ll be checking back in as I’m able.  There’s a stack of bills that have to be paid in the second from the top drawer of my filing cabinet.  There’s a small stack of blank checks in the safe.  Pay those bills for me, would you?”
“Okay, got it,” she said. “Is that it?”
“Sorry, Penny.  Just getting started.  First thing is there’s this little kid.  I’ll need some standard papers for her, assignment of legal guardianship, that sort of thing.  You might ask Nat what all we’ll need.  He loves doing that sort of thing.  The kid’s name on the form will be Keesha White.  A Kay, two ee’s, and a shuh.  Guardian would be Coleeta White.” I spelled it for her. “She should be in the phone book as far as address and stuff.  Tell Nat that it might be a good idea to go over and visit and get her to sign them when the papers are ready.”
“Okay...  Got it.  Is that it?”
I thought for a moment.
“Hold on a second, Penny,” I said.
“Julie!”  I called.
I heard a distant voice say something that sounded like “bathroom.”  Good.  She was out of earshot.
Hank was standing there in the doorway where Julie had been before, Dingo right beside him.  They both looked at me.  Dingo barked once, gruffly.
“Okay, Penny,” I said.  “One last thing.  Have Nat call an old friend of mine.  Deputy Sheriff Patrick Kinsey.”  I told her the number.  “Have Nat tell Kinsey everything he knows about Miss Simmons.”
“Okay.  Is that it?”
“Is that it?  Hmmm.  Penny, does anything ever bother you?”
“I don’t think so, sir.”
“Good.  You’re doing a fine job.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“One more thing.  Just remind Nat to let Mrs. White know that he’s my partner.  That way, nobody will be freaking out when he comes knocking.”
“Got it.”
“Penny, I might have to leave town for a few days.  If you don‘t hear from me by say—?”
“Monday?”  I mouthed to Hank.
He nodded.
“Monday,” I said to Penny.  “Can you come to my house and feed my fish?  There’s a spare house key in my desk.”
“I’ll do that, sir.  Have a good day, sir.”
Have a good day?  Me?  She didn’t know me very well.
I hung up.
Hank raised his eyebrows.
“What?”  I asked.

*****

I wasn’t sure why I’d asked for information on Julie, or why I’d asked Penny to pass it on to Nat Bierstone to do. That’s not like me.  Usually I hit things pretty much head on, and the consequences be damned.  But looking at it, I think maybe that it was some reflex action.  A nod at self-preservation.  I sometimes didn’t take too good of care of myself, I guess, the way I tended to fall into things like I’d just done.
If she’s willing to put you in danger, then somethin’ is not right.  That’s what Lawrence White had said.
I had a feeling right then.  That feeling of something not right.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

I’d learned a long time ago that the only way to head off trouble was to face it head on.  Doing anything else only tends to stack it up deeper further down the road.  So, I was hoping that my little call to Pat Kinsey would be worth something later on.  Also, I was hoping beyond hope that Julie would get something out of what I was doing.  She’d been running for some time, it appeared, probably mostly from herself.  Maybe I was just kidding myself, but what I was wishing for most of all was that she’d begin to face up to whatever she had done.
Me, I’m no saint.  I’m basically lazy, and I’ve found it far simpler to get along in life by looking, confronting, and stopping the stone before it gets too much inertia going down that long hill.  Sometimes, if you wait too long before trying to stop it gets you nothing but flattened by it.
Julie sat next to me on the couch while I dialed Archie Carpin’s number.
“Do you want to talk to him first?” I asked her.
She shook her head.
I got a ring.
“Start talking,” the voice said.  It was a masculine voice.
“If this is Archie, Julie wants to talk to you,” I said.
There was a long silence.  I could almost hear the gears turning.
“I don’t care much for talk,” he said.
“I can understand that,” I said.  “But the fact remains that talking is better than shooting.”
“Who says?”
“Marshall Dillon, for one.  The word we’re looking for here is negotiation, I think.”
“Well,” he said.  “Really, I ought to kiss her.  She killed my number one competitor.  Nobody else was brave enough to do that.”
“Are you talking about Mr. Neil?  Your horse-racing competitor?”
“The one and only.”
It was my turn for silence.  I looked at Julie.  She was petting Dingo.  Also, she was biting her lower lip.
“How did he die?” I asked.
“Somebody put a very large caliber bullet through his neck.  Like to have cut his head off.”
“Well damn,” I said.
“That’s ancient history.  What I want to know is where she put it.”
“I thought he died last week,” I said.
“Last week and a million years ago are about the same.  Dead is dead.  I repeat:  so where did she put it?”
“Put what?”  For a moment my question was sincere.  I had forgotten about the money.  Then I got the picture in my head:  the close lightning and the fat drops of rain and the grating metal-on-metal sound of the vent cover opening and two million sliding down into oblivion.
“Don’t be an idiot,” he said.  “I want that money.”
“Oh...  That money.  Well.  That’s also why I’m calling.  To open negotiations.”
“I won’t negotiate,”  Carpin said.
“That’s what Julie said.  But people can change, Archie,” I said.
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“I’m talking about a deal,” I said.
I noticed Hank looking at me rather studiously.  He nodded his head “no”.
“The money first, then we talk,” Carpin said.
“No way,” I said.  I didn’t have to hesitate.
“I know she stashed it somewhere,” he said.  “There’s a certain little girl who will attest she didn’t have it the last time she saw her.”
“What little girl?”  I looked at Julie.  Her eyes went wide as I watched.
“You don’t know?” Carpin asked.  He laughed; a great hollow chuckle with about as much humor as a lynching party.  “Hah! That figures.  Tell Julie the kid is safe right here with me.  Ain’t that right, little darlin’?”  his voice had become distant.  He was holding the mouthpiece away.  I pressed the phone against my ear so hard that it hurt, but I couldn’t make out a response.
“Carpin,” I said quickly.  “You’re related to the Signal Hill bunch, aren’t you?”
“Hell yeah I am.  That was my granddaddy.”
“Not that I want to win friends and influence people or anything, but your granddaddy was low-life scum of the earth.  I’m surprised you never changed your name in shame.  A sorrier cutthroat never walked,” I said, and hung up.

*****

“Who’s the kid?” I asked Julie, immediately upon hanging up.
“Oh God,” Julie said.  “I put her on the bus.  I watched the bus leave that night.  He’s lying.  He can’t have her.”
“Have who?” Hank asked.
“Jessica.”

*****

Isn’t it interesting how when you think you’ve got things pretty well nailed down, they start jumping around again?  For me that normally doesn’t happen.  I don’t like it much.
The room was still, but things were jumping.
She was about to lose it.  I could tell.  Another minute, maybe ten seconds, and she’d lose it for sure.
I reached out to her, grabbed her arm just as she was pushing herself up from the couch.  Her wrists were bony and delicate, so I made sure not to break them.  I’ve got a pretty good grip.
“Julie,” I said, choosing my words carefully, “you can tell us all about Jessica, and that’s probably a lot more important than any amount of money right now, but I want to know one thing first.”
I could see the terror in her eyes, the indecision.  She looked toward Hank, who sat stock still.
“What?”  She said.
“I have to know.  The guy you called...  The guy who helped you...  Earnest Neil?  He’s dead.  It happened a few days before you and I met.  Carpin said that you killed him.  Is there anything you need to tell me?”
“Bill...  I—no!  I didn’t kill him.  I haven’t killed anybody, ever— except— my parents.”
“You were away,” I said, “in rehab.  You weren’t home when they were murdered.”
She was either going to hit me or start crying.  I wished she’d do one or the other and get it over.  I watched the war of conflicting emotions play itself out in her features.  “I know,” she said, finally.  “But I should have been there.”
“Bill told me about that,” Hank said.  “If you’d been there, you’d have been dead too.”
“Do you know how Earnest Neil died?”  I asked her.
“Of course I know,” she said.  Her face was flushed, as I’d seen it only a few nights before after I’d awakened her from the nightmare.  “He died in my arms.”

*****

“Are you ready, Hank?” I asked him.
“Yeah.”
“Let’s saddle up,” I said.
The hammering rain had slackened down to a steady drizzle.
We all climbed back into Dock’s suburban.
“Which way are we headed?” Hank asked.
“North,” I said.
Julie took the front seat.  Chevrolet makes Suburbans wide, and it seemed like a mile across to where she was sitting.  That was okay.  Just at the moment she wasn’t my number one fan.
Within ten minutes we were back on the Interstate, headed north and into the drab, gray curtain the world had become.

*****

When we stopped at Hank’s place it was ostensibly for supplies, but when Hank caught on to my real why, he wasn’t having any of it.
“Goddammit, Bill.  I’m going with you.  I’m not staying here.”
“Thanks, buddy,” I told him.  “I appreciate everything, really, but you didn’t sign up for what we’re headed into.  Hell, you’re about as bunged up as I am.  You should take it easy for a few days.  If I need you I’ll call.”
Hank stepped around me and dropped a case of water bottles into the back of the Suburban.  There in the growing stack was also a couple of boxes of ammunition for the stack of rifles and shotguns in the rear cargo area.
Hank whistled to Dingo and made a motion with his arm.  Dingo hopped up into the back, turned and regarded me and barked once.
“See,” Hank said.  “Dingo agrees with me.  We’re going.”
Up front Julie turned back my way and smiled.
I gave her my best withering frown.  She laughed.

*****

I was at first certain that Jessica was Julie’s daughter, only to find out differently.  Julie had had a close friend named Lindsey, a high-dollar prostitute in Vegas.  Lindsey had been murdered by one of her clients, a Silicon Valley millionaire turned playboy named Horace Farkner who spent nearly every weekend in Vegas when he should have been home with his wife and kids.  Farkner had fallen into a fatal attraction for Julie’s friend back in the late 1990s and Julie was there for Jessica from the moment they both heard about Lindsey’s death.  Apparently, when Lindsey demurred one time too many in the face of Farkner’s continuous pleas to run away with him, the man decided that if he couldn’t possess her then no one could.  During a heated argument in which furniture was smashed and mirrors broken the man attempted to separate her head from her body with a six inch piece of shattered glass.
The five year-old half-Anglo, half-Samoan girl had stayed with Julie from that night forward.
As we tore along the Interstate toward Dallas and Fort Worth, I did a little mental math.  Jessica would be eleven years old now, or thereabouts.  It was good information to think with.  Kids that age can think, and sometimes they can act.
On the outskirts of Fort Worth, I remembered something.  I sent Julie and Hank into a Cracker Barrel restaurant just off the Interstate, found a pay phone for myself and started dialing.
I got Kathy on the first ring.  When you live in a town as long as I had lived in Austin you get to know a lot of people.  There might be a million people living in the city, but I’d found you couldn’t go anywhere without running into someone you knew.  My friend Kathy was one of those people.  I tended to bump into her around town and at the oddest of places, which in itself was passing strange given Kathy’s profession.  She was a librarian at the University of Texas Center for American History.
“Hello, Library.”
“Kathy, it’s Bill Travis.”
“Hi Bill Travis, what can I do for you today, since you’re not actively stalking me.”
“Hey,” I said.  “Last time I looked up from my favorite bar stool you were coming in the door, so I wonder who has been stalking whom.”
“Touché. What’cha need, Bill?”
“A little research.  Signal Hill.  It was an oil boomtown up near Borger.  The Texas Rangers shut the town down around 1927.  There was a fellow named Carpin running half the town up there.”
“Carpin.  Got it.”
“Good.  I’d like to know when he died.  Also, I’d like to know what happened after the town was shut down.  Where all the money went.  That sort of thing.  I seem to remember something about a U.S. Marshal who went in there and never made it back out.  Anything you can dig up would be helpful.”
“Okay, Bill.  You gonna do me a favor some time?”
“What did you have in mind?”
“Dinner.”
“Um.  Okay.  I’ll buy you dinner, Kathy.  Should I wait a few days for the information?”
I could hear her flipping pages of some kind.  Maybe she was reading about Indian incursions against the settlers or something.
“Nah,” she said.  “Call me tomorrow morning.”
“Thanks, Kathy.  You’re a peach.”
“I don’t like peaches.  Can I be something else?”
“Okay, when I see you next you can pick your fruit.”
“Bye, Bill Travis.”
“Bye, Kathy.”
We hung up.  I heard a bark and looked back toward the suburban.  Dingo had his head out the driver’s window and his front paws on the steering wheel.
“Dingo,” I said.  “You’re a clown.”

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Julie got up during dinner for a bathroom break.  It was probably the only chance I’d get for awhile to talk with Hank alone.
“Hank, either I’m the most gullible fellow you ever saw, or I’m missing something vitally important.”
“It’s both,” he said.  “But what’s on your mind?”
“I feel like every move I make is the wrong one.  Also I’ve got this itchy feeling on the back of my neck.”
“I know what you mean.  My short hairs have been on end ever since those pot shots through my living room window.”
“So you understand me.  I’m not going nuts.”
“I understand you, more than you know.  And yeah, you’re pretty much a basket case, alright.  She’s got a pretty short leash on you, Bill.  Now don’t puff up like a toad.  Any man—well, a lot of fellows would gladly trade places with you.”
“Yeah,” I said. “That’s for sure.”
Outside the sky had turned a soft shade of purple with clouds thinning down to thin puffs.  The sun was going down somewhere out of sight.
“You know, Hank, this might sound...  different, but this is sort of what I dreamed my life would be like when I was a kid.”
“What?  People shooting at you and houses blowing up in your face—correction, my face—and heading off into the dangerous unknown?”
“Yeah,” I said.
“Yeah,” Hank said, and sipped his coffee.
“So what’s the important thing I’m missing?” I asked.
“You don’t want to know, since you’re feeling so fine at the moment.”
I thought about it.
“Try me,” I said.
“Okay, hotshot,” Hank said, and looked off into space.  “It’s what I was missing right up until we left your house today.”
“And that is?”
“Who are the cops that are following us?”
“What?  Not again.”
“Hold on, there, Texas.  As far as I can tell, they’re not Austin locals.  I got one good look when we split up to make your last call.  They’re feds.  I’m almost sure of it.”
I had that sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach.
“You don’t look so good,” Hank said.
“Thanks,” I said.  “I don’t feel exactly wonderful.”
“Not what you wanted your life to be like?” he asked.
“Thank you, Mr. Sarcasm.”
“I’ve got an idea,” he said.  “Let’s just move on, Bill.  Let’s keep an eye on them and act like they’re not even there, for now.  They may be following me, you know?  That missing IRS agent?”
“I thought we weren’t talking about that,” I said.
“We’re not.  Just bringing up possibilities.”
I noticed Hank’s eyes flick over my shoulder and then back to me.
“Julie?” I said.
He nodded.
“Okay,” I said.  “Mum’s the word.”
“Fine.”
A moment later I felt a delicate hand on my shoulder.  I looked up at her and gave her my best smile as she sat down beside me.

*****

On the way out of the restaurant, Hank tapped me on the shoulder and nodded.  I glanced quickly where his eyes indicated, trying to be nonchalant, and saw them.
Two guys.  One white, one black.  They both had business suits on.  One of the two–-the white guy–-was beefy, about two hundred and fifty pounds.
Feds.
I knew then what Hank meant.  They exuded it like an aura.

*****

We moved through Fort Worth and out the other side and up onto the wind-swept North Texas Plains as night fell.  
It was a dark night with a spread of stars over us and clear road ahead.  Julie nuzzled into my shoulder, finding the most comfortable position for herself, and the most painful one for me.  Such is life.  I endured it for about twenty miles before shifting her slightly.  
After an hour or so she awoke.
We passed through myriad small towns in the night and little communities with no name.
I heard snoring from the back seat and craned my neck.  I’d thought it was Hank, but it was Dingo.  Hank and I traded knowing nods.
My eyes were beginning to glaze by the time we made it to Dumas, Texas.  We found a motel on the main drag, an Indian-run outfit that carried a light scent of curry, even outside.
Hank took the room next to me and the blond.  
That night Julie and I made frantic love in the dark.  We didn’t speak. 
Several times during the night I awoke to get up and scan the parking lot.  There was only one other vehicle, and it looked like it hadn’t moved from its spot in quite some time.
Finally, I was able to sleep the sleep of the just and had dreams of Julie, Hank and me in plaster casts.  Dingo drove the Suburban and sang with Hank Williams, Jr.’s voice.

*****

“Kathy, it’s Bill Travis.”
“Hi Bill Travis.  You’re up early.”
“And you’re at work early.  Did you even go home last night?”
“Of course.  Contrary to popular belief, librarians do have a life.”
“But a quiet one,” I said.
“‘Tis true.  ‘Tis true.  Bill, that research you wanted me to do?”
“Yeah?”
“Interesting stuff.”
“Tell me more.”
“Well, for starters, there was a whole gang of people running that town up there, but you were right, two chiefly.  Bryan ‘Whitey’ J. Walker and Matthew Carpin.”
“I know what happened to Walker.  What about Carpin?”
“He went into hiding, then about ten years later he was suddenly legitimate.  Made a killing racing horses.  He was always watched, though.  The J. Edgar Hoover crowd had his number.”
“I’ll bet,” I said.  I looked over at Julie, still asleep under tousled covers.  The light from the new day streamed through cracks between the window curtains.
“And money?  According to the Amarillo Globe, in 1927 the two most profitable legitimate businesses were the sheriff’s office and the undertaker.”
“I’ll bet.”
“There’s more.  You said something about a U.S. Marshal.  There was one.  He went into that din of thieves and was never seen again.  I think that’s why Carpin was watched after all those years.  I got copies of reports and letters from the state archives.  The FBI writing to the Governor’s office, demanding help with the continued investigation.  Looks like they never found that poor man.”
“What was the marshal’s name, Kathy?”
“Jonathan Johannsen.  They called him ‘Jack’, which was short for ‘Blackjack’.
“Thanks, Kathy.  I owe you.”
“Sure do.  Bye, Bill Travis.”
“Bye.”

*****

I scanned the parking lot outside.
Nothing.
I got Julie up and by the time we were showered and cleaned up and ready to go, Hank and Dingo were sitting in the Suburban with the back flung open.  Hank was tossing bacon strips into the air for Dingo to catch.
“Bacon?”  I asked.  “Where’d you get bacon?”
“Down the road.  A little diner.  Your kind of place, too.”
“What’s that mean?”
“Soul food,” he said and tossed another strip of fat bacon into the air.  Dingo gobbled it down instantly.
“Oh,” I said.  “You already had breakfast, then?”
“Nope.  Waitin’ for you two.  Had to feed the dog, though.”
“Okay,” Julie said.  “I need coffee.  Let’s go.”

*****

We parked in front on a wall that was covered with a mass of ivy.  The name of the restaurant was “Jerry’s Place”, an ancient brick and clapboard affair that looked as though it had started off life as a 1920s gas station and had gone through a long series of abandonments before finding its highest and best use as a soul food restaurant.  The front door was little more than a couple of clapboards grafted onto steel mesh with baling wire, but the blue paint looked fairly fresh.  It didn’t come off on my hands.
The hours were prominently displayed:
OPEN EARLY — CLOSE LATE
Walking into the place was like coming home.  It had that day-old bread smell to it that is common among such establishments, but beyond that it had a shabbiness and a spartan utility that combined in such a way as to command comfort.  There were checkered tablecloths, though they were covered in thick clear plastic that had molded itself into a permanent shape, and smooth, straight-backed hardwood chairs.  Also the lighting was slightly dim.  We passed a table that had an old box of dominoes on it that looked older than myself.
We took a table in the corner near an old jukebox.  I took a look at the selections.  It was a museum piece, with seventies disco music mixed in with Marvin Gaye and trucker music.  It looked as though it was either out of service or that none of the clientele was willing to risk hard-earned money in it.
“Some place, ain’t it?” Hank said.
I could smell the kitchen already, and knew the food was going to be good.
“You haven’t lived, Hank,” I said, “until you’ve tried pork chops that melt off the bone and collard greens that have been steeping since New Years.”
“Stop it, Bill,” Julie said.  “Damn but I’m hungry.”
The proprietor was a heavyset black woman with a cherubic smile and wide eyes.  She seemed pleased to see us.  The menus were pieces of tan-colored stiff-backed paper run through a copy machine.
“What’ll you folks have to drink?” she said.
“Coffee,” Hank said.  “All around.”
“Fine.  Be just a minute.”
We spent a few minutes looking over the menu and discussing it.  We were all looking forward to breakfast.  It was too bad when we realized we wouldn’t be getting any.
We heard the twang of the screen door opening and thought little of it at the moment.  Julie was facing away from the door and I had my back almost directly to it, but Hank was sitting there looking over my shoulder, not saying a word.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

“Howdy,”  Hank said.
I became conscious of the gun pointed at my head and the other one, a sawed-off double-barreled shotgun leveled across the table at Hank.
“Ever’body just be cool,” the man with the shotgun said.   
“Oh shit,” Julie said, then quickly:  “Hi Jake.  Hi Freddie.”
“Hi yourself,” the one with the pistol aimed at me said.
“What can we do for you fellahs?” Hank asked, as calm as you please.  He lifted his coffee cup and sipped.
“We’re taking you back, Miss Julie,” Jake with the shotgun said.
“Oh,” Julie said.  “I’m going back, alright.  But it’s to get Jessica out of there.”
“Ain’t gonna happen,” the other one—Freddie—said.
“What the hell?”  Three plates shattered on the hardwood floor almost simultaneously.  Our waitress had picked the wrong moment to come out of the kitchen.
The two guns swung to cover her and the shotgun discharged across the table.  A hole about a foot wide appeared in the back of a chair one table over and the chair flew end over end.
“Shit,” Hank yelled.
Pistol-toting Freddie got my left elbow in his gut just as his gun swung back toward me.  The pistol butt almost connected with my head, but I ducked just in time.
I was dimly aware of several things going on at once:  first, that I couldn’t hear all that well, second, that Hank was already out of his chair and grappling with the shotgun, that our waitress was screaming her fool head off and that Julie was using Jake–shotgun boy–as a punching bag.
I had my legs under me and sudden adrenaline working in my favor.  As Freddie bent double I launched myself at him with all my weight.  The chair underneath me toppled as I left it and I came down on top of him, hard.
I had the wrist from his gun hand in my grip and I slammed it hard into the floor.  The pistol, an old Luger, dislodged from his fingers and rattled across the floor.
“You sonuvabitch,” he said.  I felt a stinging sensation upside my face.  He’d cuffed me a good one.
I reached up, grabbed a handful of greasy hair and forced his head down into the floor, once, twice.  After the second time around he stopped moving.
The table we’d been sitting at toppled over and came down on my foot, the one that had been hit by Jake and Freddie’s truck.  For an instant I felt the most exquisite, keen-edged, electric-blue pain.
I bit down hard into my lip to keep from screaming, rolled over onto my back and yanked my pulsing foot from underneath the table.  A ketchup bottle rolled past my ear.
The tableau going on was one for the scrapbook.  Hank had his hands around the shotgun between Jake’s hands, each engaged in a tug-of-war to the death.  Julie was on Jake’s back with her hands dug into his face and neck.
“Stupid ass,” she kept saying.  “Stupid ass stupid ass stupid ass.”
Hank let go with his right hand, clenched it into a fist and drove it three times in rapid succession into Jake’s nose, cheek and mouth.  Jake’s lip split and a tooth tumbled backwards into his mouth.  Blood began to flow even as Jake let go of the shotgun and rocked backwards.  I noted surprise on Julie’s face–-her mouth framed an “Oh!” that I never heard as she fell back underneath Jake.

*****

“You okay?”  I asked.  
“Ohhhh,” Julie moaned.  “My head.” 
Hank ran his fingers through her head, feeling.
“She’s got a pretty good knot back here,” he said, “but she should be fine.  Wait a minute.  I know an old Indian trick.  Bill, check on the waitress.  She disappeared.  I’m hoping she hasn’t called the cops yet.”
“Will do,” I said.  I left the two of them there and went back toward the kitchen.
Just as I was about to enter, a tall black man came out.  He had a long-barreled twelve gauge shotgun in his hands.
“Whoa there,” I said.  “We took their guns away from them.”
“What kinda shit you brought into my ‘stablishment?” he shouted at me.  He raised the shotgun, leveled it at me point blank.
“Nothing,” I said.  The hole at the business end was suddenly a cavern hanging in front of my face.  A cavern from which quick death in a whirlwind of fire and blood might emerge at any second.
“Put the gun down, stupid ass,” I said.
He looked at me uncertainly.
I yawned.
The cavern went away, slowly.
“You got some kinda nerve,” he said.  “Like I never seen.”
“Thanks,” I told him.
“You can call the cops after we leave.  Just keep your gun trained on Frick and Frack there until the cops arrive.  Tell them they tried to hold up the place, or whatever.  I really don’t care what you tell them, just give us time to get out of here.”
I reached into my wallet and brought out five one hundred dollar bills.
“Here.  This should cover the damage.”
“Shit,” he said.  “Okay.  You got it.”  The man snatched the money from my hand.
I went back to help Hank get Julie to her feet.
“You doin’ okay?” I asked.
“Better,” she said.
“Let’s get outta here,” Hank said.

*****

Hank took one long minute outside to pop the hood of Jake and Freddie’s pickup and remove a couple of plug wires from the distributor cap.
“If the cops don’t slow them down, then that will,” he said.  He tossed the wires over the barbed wire fence at the rear of the place and out into the high weeds.

*****

By my reckoning we still had about a hundred and fifty or so miles to go; from Wichita Falls to northwest of Childress, Texas, some eighty or so miles southeast of Amarillo as the crow flies.
“I have a friend who lives outside of Vernon,” Hank told me when we were well on our way.  Wichita Falls had faded into gently rolling plains behind us and I found my ears were popping from the change in altitude.  Sometimes it’s simply amazing to me just how far a fellow can go and still be in Texas.
“Are you sure now’s a good time to stop by and say howdy?” Julie asked him.  She had stopped holding her head in her hands about twenty miles back.  Maybe Hank’s old Indian trick had eased her concussion.
“I don’t want a visit, I want some supplies.”
“Oh,” she said.
The hint of an idea was beginning to form in my mind, and I wanted to take a little time and try to plan things out.
“Okay,” I began.  “We’ll stop in Childress and try and get some lunch.  Then we’ll get a motel room and—“
”And?” Julie asked.
“And we’ll have a little council of war.”
“Fine by me,” Hank said.  “Except lets stop in Quanah for lunch.  It’s closer.  I know my way around this part of the country a bit, you know.  Also, we turn off before we get to Childress for my buddy.  That’s where I get the supplies.”
“What kind of supplies?” I asked.  We were still set for drinks and other amenities, but I suspected Hank had a different idea of supplies than either Julie or I had.
“Oh...  You know.  A few sticks of TNT.  Some nitrates.  Prima cord.  Some caps.  That sort of thing.”
“Nitrates!”  I was a bit stunned.  “Geez louise, Hank.  And prima cord?  A little of that stuff goes a long way.  Are you planning to start World War III?”
“Those fellows did that when they blew up Julie’s duplex and killed Dock,” Hank said.  “If you haven’t noticed, we’re still driving his truck.”
“Yeah,” I said.
I thought about it and watched another mile tick by in the bright North Texas sun.  The sun was coming directly in Julie’s window.  She’d end up with her left arm slightly more tanned than her right.
“Okay,” I said.  “We’ll get your supplies.”
I felt something wet on the side of my face.  Dingo was licking my ear.
“Darling,” I said to Julie, “you didn’t know we were traveling with Demolition Man and the world’s friendliest guard dog, did you?”
She laughed.  “No.  I didn’t. I figured they came along for our comic relief.” 

*****

Lunch, finally, in Quanah, a small Texas town much like the fictional Lake Woebegone:  somewhere along the line time simply forgot all about the place.  If memory served, the town was named after Quanah Parker, a Texas half-breed Indian of some historical note.  There were spots of my education that had been neglected, and that whole scenario was one of them.  I’d have to do some reading up on the fellow when–-and if–-I made it back home.  Texas was just too big and the years since its inception were becoming, for some of us, innumerable.  Somewhere along the line, but within my own lifetime, Texas History had become an accepted specialization in academic circles.
Over hamburgers at a roadside diner well off the beaten path, we commiserated.
“We’re only about fifteen miles from the Red River,” Hank said.  “Just to the north of us.”
“Really,” I said.  “We should have brought a map.”
“Yeah,” he said.
I looked out the window of the diner.  Dingo barked.  We were making a little game of it.  Whenever I looked her way, she barked at me.  Hank and Julie looked at each other and shook their heads.
I took a big bite of my burger and turned back to look at Dingo with her big head poking out of my window.
A man was there, patting her on the head.  He was a big man.
Suddenly I knew who he was:  Mr. Fat-Business-Suit with the discernible gun bulge under his left arm that we’d seen in the cafeteria in Fort Worth.  The Fed.
“Hank,” I said.  “Look.”
I pointed.
“Well I’ll be damned,” he said.
“Who is it?” Julie asked.
“Excuse me,” a voice said before I could think of what to tell her.
We all turned together.  The other federal agent, the black fellow, was standing there at our table.
“Would you folks mind if I talked with you for a few minutes?”


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

“You guys are like blood hounds,” Hank said.  “We haven’t seen you since Fort Worth.”
“Oh,” the man said.  “Mind if I sit down?”
“Go ahead, I told him. Hank slid over and he took a seat.
“Okay,” he said.  “First, we put one of these on your car.” He held up a small button-battery.
“You put a calculator battery on our car?” Julie asked.
“Looks like one, doesn’t it.  It’s a tiny GPS transmitter.”
“GPS?” Julie said.
“Global Positioning System,” Hank told her.  “Satellite surveillance.  It tells these guys where we are within about fifteen feet anywhere on the planet.  Standard issue for all cops cars, although I’ve never seen one that small.”
“Yeah,” the federal agent said.  “But you will in about ten years.  That’s about how long it takes for our gizmos to reach the open market.”
“Oh,” Julie said.  “Why didn’t you guys tell me we were being followed?”  She looked at me seriously.  Her lips were tight.
“Uh.  Yeah,” Hank began.  “You see, just like you we weren’t sure.”
“But we suspected,” I said.  “We didn’t want to alarm you.”
She was looking at me with hurt eyes, but I turned to focus my attention on our company.
“Look,” I said.  “Who are you and why is the federal government following our every move?”
“You don’t know, do you?” he said.  He looked at us, pausing as he looked from face to face to face and then passing over us again.
“Okay,” he said.  He raised a hand up and motioned to his partner outside.
“We’re going to need a bigger table,” I said.

*****


When the bigger fellow came in we were already moved to another table in the center of the restaurant.  He walked over, took a seat and introduced himself.
“Ben Cranford,” he said.  “You’ve met my partner, Felix Bruce.”
“You’ve got two first names,” I said to his partner.
“Thanks,” Agent Bruce said.  “Two coffees,” he said to the waitress at his elbow.
Agent Cranford took a seat.
“I told you guys,” Julie said, “I don’t have anything to say to you.”
I looked at her.  She was avoiding my gaze.
“Wait a minute—” Hank started to say, but I cut him off, turning to Agent Cranford.
“How long have you been following her?” I asked him.
“Miss Simmons and the two rednecks who have been chasing her?  About a month.”
“You were watching me when—” Julie began, obviously upset.  Agent Cranford cut her off.
“When you dropped the kid off at the Greyhound station?  Yes.”
“How did Archie get Jessica then, if you were watching?” she demanded.
“We were watching...  But we were following you.  Like you, we left the girl on board the bus.  By all reports, she was taken off at the next stop by her quote, father, unquote.”
“Julie,” I said.  “Shut up a minute.  It’s me and Hank who ought to be upset.  You never said a word about Batman and Robin here,” I turned to Cranford.  “No offense.”
“None taken,” Agent Bruce said.
“What about the explosion?” Hank asked.  “What were they using?  Sounded—felt like TNT.”
“It was,” Cranford said.
“Why?” I asked.  “Why would they want to kill her when—” I stopped short.  I’d almost let it slip.
“When what?” Agent Bruce asked, and took a sip of his coffee.
“Well,” I said, face deadpan and covering quickly.  “It’s that it’s not consistent with the action of someone who wants her back.”
Cranford put his elbows down on the table, laced his fingers together in space.
“Right now,” he said “Carpin is at his horse ranch.  The last I checked, Mr. Jacob Jorgenson and Mr. Frederick Sanderberry were en-route to the ranch.”
“Replaced the plug wires and on their way again, huh?” Hank asked.
Cranford laughed.  “Apparently.  We were wondering what was wrong with their truck when we passed by them.  Also, one of ‘em looked to be bleeding.”
“I wonder how they got around the cops,” I said.
“We heard about it over the radio.  They were released when they said that two men and a woman fitting your description tried to rob them.  They kicked your asses and ran you out of there.  When asked, neither of the men wanted to press charges.”
Hank and I were chuckling.
“Also the ranch is pretty well deserted from what intelligence I’ve gathered.”
“Racing,” Julie said.  “We’re in mid-Spring.  Carl and Lefty and half the still crew are probably in Louisiana right now.”
“Right,” Cranford said.
“Where’s the ranch from here?” Hank asked.  “I was about to start asking locals.”
“Fifteen miles this side of Childress,” Agent Bruce said.  “It’s off the beaten path but you can’t miss the signs.  You don’t have far to go.”
“What do you want with us?” I asked.
Agent Cranford coughed once into one of his meaty hands.
“I want to know where the still is,” he said.  “Miss Simmons, you can tell us that much, can’t you?”
“It moves around,” she said.  She was lying.  I knew it.  Hank knew it.  Either she didn’t trust Cranford and Bruce or there was something she didn’t want them to know.
“Okay,” Cranford said.  “So where was it the last time you saw it?”
“I didn’t ever see it,” she said.  “Look.  That’s all I’m going to say.  Nothing more until I have Jessica.  You could get him on that.  On kidnapping.”
“Not technically,” Agent Bruce said.  “You left her.”
“I put her on a bus!” She said, a little too loudly.  The few other patrons in the diner turned their heads.
“I put her on a bus,” Julie said again through her teeth.
“Fine,” Agent Cranford said.  “You put her on a bus.  We can’t help you there.”
“Then we have nothing more to talk about,” she said.  She looked at me, tilted her head and tried to smile.  It was my cue.
“Okay,” I said.  “You fellahs take it easy.”
Agent Bruce tossed off the last of his coffee and put his cup down quickly.  Agent Cranford stood up.
At first I thought he was going to offer to shake hands with me, but instead he gave me a business card.
“Call me,” he said.  “I won’t be too far away.”
“I don’t doubt it,” Hank said.
They left.
I had to cover their coffee tab.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

It was after midnight and I had just put a couple of motel rooms on my American Express card in Childress. 
In the barmy Texas night, bats darted to and fro gobbling down moths and mosquitoes in the parking lot lights, and Julie stood behind me in the doorway in just her bra and panties, waiting for me to come inside and be good to her.
Inside the room, lights off, the blackness near complete, Julie and I once more got into the act; doing what teenagers and old married folks and even animals do.
And sleep came.
I had dreams in which old truck drivers adopt little kids and barbecue tastes like new money.  And then I had the dream.

*****

My dad and I were fishing in the late afternoon.  The mosquitoes had been buzzing in my ears despite several layers of bug spray and the sweat was running down my cheeks and spine.  The river was a mirror for the sky, reflecting each cloud, each ray of sunshine perfectly.  I was hungry and tired and anxious and I hadn’t had so much as a nibble.  I was gazing at the white hemisphere of my cork, floating immobile, as if it was embedded in a sea of glass.  I could almost see my reflection in the cork.  My line was a strand of angel’s hair or spider-web silk making a series of long, undulating indentations in the water.
The cork went under fast, disappearing into obscurity, into the upside down alien landscape that existed beneath the mirror I was fishing in.
I felt a tug, a strong pull, and for an instant I got a mental image of my alter-self sitting on an upside-down embankment, pulling with all his strength.
The little Zebco fishing rod nearly pulled free of my hands.  I pushed all of my strength down into my fingers, my wrists, my lower arms, my biceps, and pulled back hard.  The pulling from down below gave a little and I was winning.
“Got something?” my father asked, but he said it slowly, like his mouth was filled with Karo syrup or he was on twenty-eight rpms instead of forty-five.
I did have something.  Something big.  I pulled it further in.  I remembered that I could reel-in and pull at the same time.  I cranked hard and fast on the reel, my rod bending double.  I though it might snap before I landed what was on the other end.
I got the sense that something was coming up toward me, almost could feel the slickness of it against the cloying, cottony river bottom silt on the embankment below the surface.  And what was coming was not a fish.
“Not a fish,” I tried to tell my dad, only no sound came out.  It was like I’d gotten too much peanut butter wedged up against the roof of my mouth.
I saw two white things down under the water as the cork came up into the air, and I could see something waving, as if blown by the wind.  It was hair.
The body had been dead in the river for aeons.  No fish or eel or crawfish would touch it, because the dead hands brushed them away each time they come near.  That was why it could pull against me.  But I’d snagged it.  I was bringing it in.
The two white things were eyes.  They were dead and knowing and accusative all at the same time.
When the head broke the surface the eyes blinked at me. The mouth opened and gallons of water spilled out.
It was someone I knew.
“Oh,” my dad said at Driving Miss Daisy speed, “It’s just a hank.  Kill him and throw him back in.”
The hank was reaching for me, green and gray fingers dripping river bottom mud, contorted, grasping at the air just a short space from my ankles.
The hank’s other arm stretched up, dislocated from its shoulder and grasped my hip and squeezed.

*****

It was Julie, squeezing my hip.  I’d been nightmaring again.
She shook me.
“Awake,” I managed to mumble.  “Ahm awake.”
She stopped.
I turned and curled into her, my stubbly cheek pressing against her soft breast.
She hummed me back to sleep.  

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

I was awake instantly at the sound of the gunshot.  Someone was shooting outside our door.
Julie’s eyes were open wide and staring into mine in the gloom.  Through cracks in the window curtains I could tell it was almost dawn.
Another window-rattling shot rang out.
I didn’t even think to grab my gun.  I thrust my legs into my slacks and didn’t even bother with a shirt.  I left Julie twisting in her bed covers and thrusting two pillows against her ears.
Outside.  The morning was cool and fine.
Hank was there leaning up against the Suburban.  He had a deer-rifle that I’d not seen before and he bolted home another shell as I called out his name.
“Hank!  Goddammit!  What the hell are you doin’?”
He looked at me.  There was a sad and somber look on his face.
His left hand moved and the rifle recoiled down against his leg.
BLAM!
He was already reaching for the bottle of Jack Daniels on the Suburban running-board.  Where the hell had he gotten that?
“Got eighteen more to go,” he said, slurring his words almost beyond recognition.
“Eighteen what?” I asked.
He didn’t bother to reply.  He reached for another shell.  There was an open box of them beside the whiskey bottle.
I noticed Dingo slinking back into the partially opened door of Hank’s motel room, her tail between her legs.  Apparently she was not beyond fear, if not downright embarrassment.
“That’s enough,” I said.  “Come on, give me the gun.”
“No can do, keem-bo-sobby,” he said.  “He deserfs a twenty-one gun salute.”
Clang!  He shot the bolt home.
“Who?” I said.
“Dock.”
BLAM!
The shot echoed off the walls of the old tourist court motel.  Hank nearly dropped the gun.  He was likely to have a nasty bruise on his leg later, the way he was taking all the recoil just south of his hip.
“Hey!  Hey!”  another voice called out.  I turned to look.  It was the skinny Pakistani motel clerk.  “What you idiots doing?”  He wore a pair of flannel long johns and burgundy house slippers.
“Uh.  Nothin’” I said.  “I’ve got this situation under control.”
BLAM!
I jerked.
“Control, shit!” he yelled.  “You get the hell off of my business!  Take Mr. Rambo wit you!”
“Now hold on!” I held up my finger in his face.  He stopped.
I turned toward Hank in time to see him tossing down another shot of whiskey.
“Hank,” I said.
“Here,” he said, holding the gun out to me.  I took two steps toward him and took it.
He set the whiskey bottle back down and grabbed another shell.
“Hey,” I said.
He reached and grabbed the gun, inserted the shell into the breach as I tried to pull it out of his grip. 
“Hold on,” he said.
Clang!  Another round was chambered.
“Oh no you don’t,” I said.  I pulled back and away from him, but his right hand shot out and hit the trigger.
BLAM!
The rifle jerked in my hands.  I almost lost it.  My wrist would be sore for some time from the recoil and my ears had begun to ring.
“What’s that?” he asked.  “Sixteen more, I think.”
The Pakistani was yelling behind me:  “I already called the cops,” he said.  “They come and take you crazy friend away.”
“That done it,” Hank said.  He jumped up and grabbed the rifle out of my hands.
The Pakistani’s eyes went round and white.  He turned and bolted.
Hank took two steps.  I moved, fast.  I grabbed him from behind and lifted him off the ground, which was no easy thing as he outweighed me by a good fifty pounds.
The rifle clattered to the pavement.
“What?” he yelled.  “Let me down, Goddammit!”
I dropped him.  He staggered and almost fell, but I caught him again.
The motel clerk was out in the highway.  He stopped running suddenly, waved his arms and began pointing back our way.  He became sort of red-tinged for a moment, then blue, and suddenly I knew what was coming.
Two police cars, the second following dangerously close on the heels of the first skewed into the parking lot in a cloud of dust and gravel, brilliant red and blue spears of light from the headache racks rotating and counter-rotating like some nightmares I have had.
There is one hard and fast rule about small Texas towns:  the law is always not very far away.
“Shit,” I said.

*****

“Alright, you two, what’s the big idea?”
It was a deputy sheriff.  His uniform was a butternut color with dark brown epaulettes and pocket flaps and he wore a Stetson hat.  Also, he had a gun in his hands in firing stance.
“Gun’s on the ground, Officer,” I said and put my hands in the air.
Hank looked at the deputy.  He looked at me.
“What’d you do this time?” he asked me.  “Why’re the cops here?”
I slowly put my hands down.  The officer took in the rest of the scene: the rifle on the pavement at our feet, the box of shells twenty feet away on the running board of the Suburban, the almost-empty bottle of Jack Daniels next to it, and Hank’s condition.
“Okay,” he said to me.  “Has he been shooting that thing?”
“Yeah,” I said.  “Up into the air.  A friend of his died recently and this was his version of a sendoff.”
“Twenty-one guns,” Hank said, then grabbed his stomach.  “I don’t feel so good.”
The deputy from the second car walked over, picked up the deer rifle and put it inside his cruiser.
“Hey,” Hank said.  “Tell ‘im to give dat back.”
“Let’s go,” the first deputy said.  He was smiling.  “And I thought it was going to be a quick shift-change.”

*****

“Oh my God,” the voice said through the little speaker by the doorway.  We were in the driveway tunnel under the courthouse.  I’d forgotten what county we were in, but I didn’t want to ask just yet.  Also, I was trying to think of which lawyer would be best to call.
I looked up to see a camera panning down toward us.
“Yeah,” Deputy L. Rice said.  “Sheriff, this is our one man wake-up call.”
“Well, tell him to come right on in.  And welcome.”
The door in front of us buzzed.  Deputy Rice pulled the door open and motioned us inside.
I turned to look behind us.  Julie and Dingo were in the Suburban parked behind the Sheriff’s patrol cars.
I shrugged at her.  She shrugged back.
Maybe she wouldn’t have to wait too long.  I hoped.

*****

Hank was in a holding cell inside the jail.  I gave the booking officer as much information as I could while I chatted with the County Sheriff.  He’d identified himself as Randy Thornton, and had shaken my hand as if he was about to ask for my vote.  Small town elected officials can’t usually afford to make people overly upset with them unless it’s unavoidable, and that extends even to prisoners under arrest.  We were out-of-towners, however, so I was both surprised and pleased by the Sheriff’s demeanor.
“I’m glad you got that rifle out of his hands before my boys got there, Mr. Travis.  No telling what could have happened otherwise.”
“He means what could have happened to Mr. Sterling,” Deputy Rice said.  “But I’ve never had to shoot anybody yet.  Knock on wood.”
The three of us there—the booking officer, Deputy Rice, Sheriff Thornton, and myself—all started at the sudden WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! sound that came from the holding tank.
“Let me OUTTA HERE!  You HEAR ME!”  Hank’s muffled voice reverberated off of concrete and steel.
“Your friend,” Sheriff Thornton began, “is a hell-raiser.  A bit old for that, ain’t he?”
“Yeah,” I agreed.
My eyes detected movement from upwards and to my right.  On one of the closed-circuit surveillance monitors there was someone walking up to the back door of the jail.  Someone familiar.
“I’ll be dipped,” I said.
It was Agent Cranford.  In the camera lens-distorted background behind him I could make out Agent Bruce standing by the Suburban talking with Julie.
“Better let him in,” I said, just as the buzzer went off.
“Who is he?” Sheriff Thornton asked.
“You don’t want to know,” I said.

*****

“Sheriff, if you’ll let these fellows go, I’ll be responsible for them.”
“I don’t have a problem with that,” he said.
We were in a small conference room off the booking room.  In the corner was an old fingerprint roller and a leaning stack of ancient parking meters.  The quest for space is an ever-present problem for small town governments.  The room was concrete cinder-block covered with lime-green paint.  It gave our faces a sickly pallor.  Then again, I wasn’t feeling so good myself.  I could have used some breakfast to go with the cup of coffee I had in my hand.
“I just like to know what’s going on in my county,” Sheriff Thornton finished.
“Sheriff,” Cranford said.  “First, I need to know something.  Don’t take this the wrong way, alright?”
“Shoot.”
“Are you a close friend or relation to Archibald Carpin?”
Sheriff Thornton laughed.  I looked at Cranford.  He was a little too seasoned to take offense.  He waited for the laughter to subside.
“What’s so funny?” he asked
“Heh!  Nope,” Sheriff Thornton chuckled.  I’m not remotely related to that coke-snortin’, rum runnin’ fool.  No sir.  You and Mr. Travis and that aging hell-raiser in my drunk tank in there come to my county to do something about that idiot?”
Agent Cranford looked at me.  “As far as I can tell,” he said, “Mr. Travis, Ms. Simmons and Mr. Sterling are here because of a little girl named Jessica.  And because of two million dollars.”
My heart skipped a beat.  He hadn’t mentioned anything about the money before.
“Is he serious?” Thornton asked me and rubbed his rough-hewn, meaty hands together.
“Like a heart attack,” I said.
“Okay.  That explains them,” he said.  “What about you?”  He pointed his finger at Cranford.  “Why are you here?”
“My partner and I are here to shut down a certain moonshine operation that has been going on in this county since the late 1920s.”
“Oh.  That.”  He yawned.  “Every few years a couple of fellows like you come through here.  They go out there, look the place over.  Then they leave.
“Yep,” Cranford said.  “I know.  I’ve read and re-read the files.  But—” he pulled a piece of paper out of his jacket and handed it to Thornton.  Thornton looked it over and handed it to me.  I scanned over it quickly.  There were three columns.  The first column heading was ‘Date’, and underneath it was a long list of dates from 1930 to four years ago.  The second column was a list of offenses, most of them the same thing: “ULUT alcohol transport”.
“What’s ULUT?” I asked.
“Unlicensed, untaxed.”
The third column was numbers.  Dollar amounts.
“Those are just the ones we’ve interdicted—caught,” Cranford said.
I did some quick math.  The total was millions of dollars.
“This case,” Cranford said.  “It’s my last hurrah.  I retire in two months.”
“So where does the wrecking crew here come into play?” Sheriff Thornton asked and gestured towards me.
“Our government cannot run without the assistance of its people.”
“What the hell kind of an answer is that?”
“The only one I have to give, right now.”
“Alright.  Alright.”  Sheriff Thornton stood up.  He leaned across the table as Agent Cranford and I stood up.  He shook both our hands.
WHAM!  WHAM!  WHAM!
“Please,” he said.  “Get that crazy, gun-toting alcoholic out of my jail.”

CHAPTER NINETEEN

Agent Cranford followed us back to the motel.  Julie and I helped a snoring Hank out of the car and into his room.  Dingo followed us in.
Hank needed a bath.  I wasn’t his Momma, so I decided to wait and see if she showed up to bathe him.  He was a friend, but I hadn’t signed up for that job yet.
“You two go get some breakfast,” Cranford said when I came out of Hank’s room.  “I’ll stay here until you get back.”
“Uh.  Thanks,” I said.
Julie waited until we were in the Suburban headed out of the parking lot before asking me: “Why do you trust those guys?”
“They sprung Hank out of jail.”
“Yeah, but what’s their angle?”
“I wish I knew.”

*****

We had a late breakfast—that was more of a lunch than anything—at a Mexican Restaurant.  The food was pretty good, but not as good as the Austin venues I was used to.
When we got back to the motel, Hank was still zonked.
Cranford and Bruce waved and drove away as soon as we unlocked our door.
“You’re right,” I said to Julie.  “They’re pretty weird.  Nice, but weird.”

*****

Julie and I passed the rest of the day in each other’s company.  
I kept expecting Hank to wake up.  I kept expecting the phone to ring.  I kept a watch out for light blue Ford F-150 pick-up trucks.

*****

Night time.
We were back inside the hotel room, in the same bed.  In the dark with her body pressed against mine, it was like we’d never left the room from the night before.  The events of that day hadn’t even happened.  We did things in the night that young people do in the back seats of their parent’s cars.
Afterwards, I went outside and smoked one of her cigarettes.  At one time in my life I smoked only when I had a beer in my other hand, so this was new for me.  Julie had been craving a cigarette for the last several days.  She’d gotten some when we had stopped for lunch.   Maybe I wouldn’t turn it into another bad habit.  Like sleeping with my clients, for instance.
A white, late Ford sedan pulled up next to the Suburban.  A lone figure emerged under the bright orange-ish light.  
Agent Cranford.
I waited for him.
I’d forgotten to give the Suburban a thorough going-over and remove the GPS bug that had been planted there.
The North Texas night was cooler than the previous one. The door behind me was open just a crack.  Julie was in there in the dark, snoring softly.
I thought of a name:  Earnest Neil.  The name of the man who had died in Julie’s arms.  That sounded rather poignant.  
“Hiya,” Agent Cranford said.
“Hey.”
“Nice night.  Got another one of those?” he asked, referring to my cigarette.  “I think I left mine down in the car.”
“I don’t normally smoke,” I told him.  “These are Julie’s.  But it’s a smoking kind of night, you know?”
“Uh huh,” he agree.
I fished a cigarette out for him.  I wondered if Julie counted them.  Probably not.
He took it with a thin smile.  I thumbed the lighter.  Held it for him as he lit up.
“Thanks.” He drew deeply, paused, letting the nicotine bite, exhaled slowly.  I’d say he was about forty-eight years or so.  Conservative haircut.  Clean shaven, even late at night.  Forty-eight seemed sort of young to be looking at retirement.  I hoped I was going until I was about ninety.
“How’s Hank?” he asked.
“Still sleeping it off,” I said.
“Good.  Ya know,” a touch of New England came through in his accent, “people here are real nice.”
“Mostly,” I said.
“Mr. Travis—”
“Bill.  Call me Bill.”
“Fine.  Bill, I’ve been wondering something.”
“What?”
“Just what is it you do for a living?” he asked.  “If you don’t mind telling me.”
“Financial consultant.”
“Ahh.  Okay,” he said.  There was a little sparkle in his eyes.
Suddenly I knew that he’d already read everything that his friendly, neighborhood FBI computer could spit out about me.  Probably, he knew who my second grade teachers were when I’d forgotten the information a long time ago.
There was an odd and long moment of silence as we smoked.
“Got something for you,” he said finally.
I waited.
He fished something out of his jacket, handed it to me.
It was a photograph.
“What am I looking at?” I asked.  The sodium arc light from the parking lot revealed an old black-and-white photograph of three men sitting at a small table.  The men looked somber and serious.  It was from a time when it was customary to put on your most dour face for a picture.
Then it hit me what I was looking at.
“This is Carpin, isn’t it?  Matthew Carpin.  The fellow on the right is Bryan “Whitey” Walker.  Who’s that in the center?”
“You’ll figure it out, Mr. Travis.  Oh, sorry.  I’m supposed to call you Bill.  Old habits die hard, you know.  Kind of like old law men.  It’s getting late.  Good night, Mr. Travis.”
“Good night, Agent Cranford,” I said.
He turned and went back the way he came, got into his car and left.
I’d have to remember to get rid of that GPS bug on the Suburban.
I studied the photo.
Whitey was already going bald on top by the time he was in his late twenties, but this was earlier than that.  The other fellow, Matthew Carpin, was a wiry little fellow.  All three men at the table were nattily dressed.
It hit me.
The man in the center was Jack “Blackjack” Johanssen.  

*****

Stirrings in the night. 
I listened to Julie breathe in the night as the dark thoughts came and went.  Even though we weren’t touching, I felt the heat from her.
Around two in the morning the phone rang.
I grabbed for it before I was even fully awake.
“Bill.  You are not a very nice fellow.”
“Huh?”
“I said, you’re not a very nice guy.”
I got up, the phone snugged against my ear.  Stumbled around in the dark in my underwear.  Outside?  No good.  Bathroom!  I went inside in the dark and closed the door behind me, felt for the toilet, put the seat down and sat on it.
I was cold all over.
“You there?” Archie Carpin asked.
“I’m still here,” my voice reverberated off the bathroom walls, echoed back at me.  My stomach felt like it had a ball of lead in it, engulfed in a sea of acid.
“That’s good,” he said.
“What do you want?”
“I’ve been thinking about what you said.  About negotiations and attitudes and crap like that.”
“Well,” I said, attempting to put some of the nervousness out of my voice.  “I guess that’s a good thing.”
“It’s a good thing, Mr. Travis.”
“So you know who I am.  Good for you.  Then you know that when somebody snaps at me, I snap back.”
“It depends on who draws the first blood, doesn’t it?  Also it depends on who’s right and who’s wrong, right?”
“Listen,” I began.  I was sitting in the dark, but there was a picture filling up my vision; a perfect picture in three dimensions and with sound and motion.  Dock’s life blood squirting out of him and the labored breathing of a dying man.  “You drew the first blood,” I told him.
“Not really,” he said.  “But I will draw the last blood.  That is unless we can come to a meeting of the minds.”
“What’s your bright idea?”
“You bring Julie back to the ranch, and I’ll promise that I won’t hurt her.  Or the kid.”
I laughed at him.  “Julie’s not mine to give,” I said, “and even if I could, I wouldn’t trust you.”
“But you’d trust her?”
He had a point there.
“I’ll make this easy for you, Mr. Travis,” he said.
I interrupted:  “Don’t do me any favors.  Only friends do favors.”
“Call it a good will gesture, then.  I’ll let the little girl go, in exchange for Julie.  Even she’ll go for that.”
“No way,” I said.  “No trades.”
“Let me talk to Julie, then.”
“Nope.  That ain’t gonna happen.”
The phone clicked off.
I went back to bed, but couldn’t sleep.  If the call had been nothing more than Carpin’s attempt to keep me unbalanced, then it had worked.

*****

Somewhere after 3:00 a.m., I went back outside and tapped lightly on Hank’s door.  Absently, I wondered if maybe I was being watched from somewhere through a starlight scope.  I hoped I wasn’t.  I’d never considered myself to be photogenic, but I was willing to bet that I would make a good target.
Hank’s door opened a crack.
“Yeah?”
“You okay?”
“My head is killin’ me.  I seem to remember something about red and blue lights.  And a jail.  Was I in a drunk tank?”
“Yeah.”
“Damn.  I gotta lay down.”
“Okay,” I said.  “Get some sleep.  We’ll get up early and get some breakfast.”

“G’night.”
“‘Night.”
Back inside our almost pitch black room, I lay down and snugged in with Julie.
And somewhere before sunrise I made my first real mistake.  I went to sleep at the wrong time.

CHAPTER TWENTY

“Wake up, Bill.”
It was Hank, shaking me awake.
“What?  What?”
“Bill.  She’s gone.”
Who’s gone?  That’s what I wanted to ask, but before I could even articulate the question, the answer came to me.  
“Julie,” I said.
“Yeah.”
My eyes darted around the room.  All my stuff was there, but what little she had of her own was gone with her.
I got up on wobbly feet.  Probably I looked like hell. I wasn’t starting to hurt yet.  I was still in shock.  Would be for some time.  It would come though.  This I knew.
“What happened?” I asked.
“She didn’t bother to check out,” he said.  “Ohhh, my head.”
“She must have heard me.”
“Heard you what?”
“I got a call last night.  It was Carpin.  He wanted to trade the little girl for Julie.  I told him no way. She must have been listening on the other side of the door.  Decided to take him up on it.”
Hank nodded.
“Yeah,” he said.  “That must be it.  I already went downstairs and talked to the owner.  I apologized for the gunplay.  Gave him an extra hundred-dollar bill.”
“And?  Julie?”
“Oh.  She banged on his office door about five-thirty this morning.  Used his phone.  A half-hour later a light-blue Ford pickup picked her up.”
“Jake.  Freddie.”
“Yeah,” Hank said.  “Also, she left you a note. It’s both short and sweet.” He handed me the note, written on motel stationery.
Bill, I gotta go. Me for Jessica is not a bad deal. Go home. You’d only get killed. —Julie.
“What time is it?” I asked.
“Almost ten.  Bill.  It’s okay.  I was asleep too.  We can’t change it now.”
I wanted to curse.  It wouldn’t have done any good.  Red hot needles of betrayal were beginning to poke at my gut, my heart.
I could see that Hank wanted to ask me a lot of questions.  He didn’t, though.  Just the same, it was all right there on his face.  I wasn’t anywhere near in the mood to talk, but then I guess he knew that.
“Hank.  I’ll tell you all you wanna know.  Not now.  We’ve got to get going.”
I started putting my clothes on.
“Alright,” he said.  “Let’s get the hell out of here.”
“Right.”

*****

I was warned.
She had told me to run.  Very fast.
It didn’t help, though.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

My normal tendency is to go into a state of black despair when I lose someone whom I consider to be close.  But I wasn’t depressed.  I was angry, but who could I blame?  I had known all along that something was going to happen, and that it would be something that I wouldn’t like. 
It was simple anger.  Deep inside of me, beneath the caldera of my exterior, there was a magma chamber burning hot.  If I got just the wrong jolt at just the wrong time, whoever got in my way might have gotten hurt. 
Once somebody did get hurt.  It never made the papers or the seven o’clock news.  I was never arrested, although technically, I could have been.
When I was seventeen I met my first enemy in life.  I was a junior in high school and this other kid—if you want to call age twenty “kiddish”—thought I was scrawny and even-tempered enough to be his whipping boy.  His name was Jose Rios.  He’d been held back more times than Carter had little liver pills.  I never forgot him.  The teachers tended to turn a blind eye when he’d shove some kid in the hallway and spill his books.  Jose had one of those chilling laughs, the kind one could imagine a kid with a sick sense of humor might have who liked to torture small animals just to hear them squeal in terror and pain.  Jose was like that in the head department.  Twisted.
Whenever he picked on anybody it was a lot like a cliché vaudeville act.  First came the push.  Second, books or furniture would spill, making a loud clatter.  Third, heads would begin turning toward the source of the clamor. Fourth:  silence.  Last came Jose’s evil laugh.  No drum roll.  Just a perverted cacophonous titter turning into a belly-rolling laugh.  Every time I saw it happen I got a little upset about it, sure, but the magma chamber hardly registered anything.  There was more embarrassment than there was outright anger, and not enough heat and not nearly enough pressure to cause a blow-up.
Not enough, that is, until Elden Williams ran into Jose Rios on a particularly bad day in May near the end of that same year.
Every high school has an Elden Williams.  Elden was a mildly retarded kid with an ever-present grin on his face.  I had known him from the first grade forward, and while we had never actually been “friends”, I had learned to tolerate him a little better than most anybody else, including his teachers.  
Elden loved school buses.  After his Special Ed classes he’d usually show me a large foldout manilla page with his latest creation on it.  Sometimes it was an overly large  greenish yellow bus with just about every race and nationality represented through over-sized too-squarish windows.  Other times it might be a front view showing a fat bus driver, or even a top view.  For Elden, school buses were It!
That Friday, when I looked up from the sidewalk where the fire ants were devouring the leavings of a thrown down sandwich in the bus yard and saw Jose ripping a large manilla sheet in half and registered the tears streaming down harmless Elden’s face, the caldera of my whole self went pyroclastic.
Jose Rios spent three days in the hospital.  Maybe he had been milking it for sympathy.  That could have been it. But just maybe he hadn’t wanted to return to school and have to face me.  All I do know was that I discovered what I was capable of.  I never saw him, but I heard reports—he had a broken nose, a number of contusions on his head where I had reportedly rammed it into a school bus, and a cracked clavicle.
Volcanoes are blindly and unintelligently violent.  If they were to have a viewpoint, I suspect it would be like that day in May when Jose set me off.  All I could recall after hearing Jose Rios’ animal-torture laugh was whirling, blurring motion.
As we moved off into the heat and brightness of the new day, I allowed myself to feel what I was feeling.  And as I did, I calmed.  Thankfully, Hank kept quiet.
God bless ‘im.
“Your supplies,” I said.
“Yeah?”
“Let’s go get ‘em.”

*****

We were out into the countryside.  The highway had become little more than a series of bridges over North Texas creeks and lowlands.  It reminded me a little of summer camp; those roads, and Hank and Dingo and Julie to keep me company, much the same as good friends of summers past.  But Julie wasn’t with us.
It was turning into a hot day. 
Hank guided us.
Outside of Childress by about ten miles, Hank had me take a left down a gravel county road.  We were exactly nowhere, I’d say.  Hell, we could have been in the middle of remotest Africa, but for the presence of a few road signs.
I thought of the dream I’d had about Africa and Julie, and shivered.
We made another three miles down a narrow, gravel road, our only encounters the occasional deer regarding us docilely like the interlopers we were.
Hank directed me to turn left.
We stopped and Hank climbed out and unhooked a barbed-wire gate, one of those kind that is nothing more than three strands of wire and a couple of posts.  He dragged it off to the left, held it and motioned me through.  I waited as he put the gate back and climbed back in.
We followed narrow ruts through high weeds.
“You sure you know where you’re going?”  I asked him.
“Sure as anything else about this trip,” he said.
“Yeah,” I said.
About a half-mile through nothing but weeds and cow pasture and there was a house ahead among a grove of oak trees.  As we approached I could make out a large double-wide trailer house up on blocks and minus its skirting.  There was a bass boat on a trailer parked up close to the front porch and a couple of pickup trucks parked in the yard.
“This is it,” Hank said.  “Stay here for a minute, Bill.  And mind the dogs.”
“Dogs?”
Then I saw what he meant.  I’d never seen so many dogs in one place.  There were all kinds, from little terriers up to big tick hounds and every gradation in between, and they all came running up to the car, tails wagging and thumping against the Suburban.  A big chow planted his paws up on my window, black tongue lolling and dripping drool.  So far though, not one had so much as barked.  I could hear a few nervous growls, though.
Hank moved between the trucks amid an entourage of canines scurrying about his feet and hips.  He petted the taller ones that he could reach without bending over and stepped up on a wide porch.  The porch had bowed wooden railings that had seen too much rain and not enough sealant.  Hank knocked on the side of the house.
“Carpin,” I said to myself.  “If you hurt her I’ll kill you.”
The front door opened.  It was dark inside but for the fluctuating blue light of a television screen hidden from view.
I waited all of five minutes.  Hank finally emerged from the house, dogs in tow.  I rolled down my window.
“Okay,” he said.  “I need your help, now.”
“What are we loading?  I’ve already forgotten.”
“You ain’t forgot.  You’ve got that woman on your brain and you can’t see or think of anything else.  Come on.  A little work will be good for you.”
“Okay.  Okay.”
“Cooder is fresh out of C-4 and Prima.”
“Oh.  Yeah,”  I said.  “Nitrates?”
“Yep.  By the way.  No smoking in the Suburban for awhile.”
“Fine by me,” I said.
Nitrates.  That word called something to mind, but it slipped away.  I looked up at Hank.  Then I had it.  The Oklahoma City bombing.  A small truck filled with nitrates had taken out a whole multi-story building and all the people inside it.  The first domestic terrorist bombing on American soil.
“Hank.  Nitrates?  You sure about this?”
He looked at me.
“What’s your idea?” he asked.  It was a serious question.  
I thought for a minute.
“Never had one,” I told him.
“Good.  That’s what I’m here for anyway.”
I looked up through the trees into a patch of blue sky.  Far off on the horizon there was a line of dark blue.  A storm of some kind.  More than likely, if my luck hadn’t undergone a change, it was bearing down on us.  
I thought about nitrates.
I’d seen up close the results of two explosions in my life.  One was the one I had just experienced first hand, blow-by-blow, a little over two days past.  An old man had died in that one.  It hadn’t been very pretty.  I knew I’d be carrying those last few moments with Dock around with me for the rest of my life.
My first explosion, however, had to do with a tractor-trailer rig that had wrecked and blown sky-high at the entrance to our country neighborhood when I was a kid of about fourteen years of age.  A dynamite company had leased the pasture behind us and they stored gun powder in trailers all along the back forty.  At first I had thought that one of the dynamite rigs out back had let go, but a glance out the window and a quick count ruled that out.  I ran down the road that led into our dead-end neighborhood on a spring morning before the school bus was due and I saw the wreckage out on the highway.  There were about ten thousand little steel rings in a circle about a hundred yards in radius, the “o-rings” that were supposed to keep the gunpowder hermetically sealed.  Amazingly the driver had lived through it.  I remembered wondering at the time if he would ever haul dynamite or gunpowder again.  If it had been me, I knew I sure as hell wouldn’t.
Explosions.  Storms.  One or the other, or possibly both was coming, bearing down upon us with all the inevitability of fate.
“I’ve come this far,” I said, and climbed out into the herd of dogs.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

We went back to downtown Childress.
Where were Agents Cranford and Bruce when we needed them?
We stopped for a bite at a Sonic Drive-In on the main drag through town.
Hank ordered for us while I made a phone call at the gas station pay phone next door.
“Bill!  I’m glad you called!  I didn’t know how to get hold of you.”
“What’s going on, Kathy?”  I asked.  She sounded pretty excited.
“I found something in the State Archives.  A letter.  It was in the restricted stuff, so you didn’t hear it from me.”
“Tell me,” I said.
“It was inside an envelope with the letterhead of the Dallas Sheriff’s Office and addressed to the Governor of Texas.  I think it may be a hand-written note from that guy you told me to look up.”
“What guy?”
“The U.S. Marshall.  Blackjack.”
“What’s the note say, Kathy?”
“Okay.  Hold on.”  She put the phone down.  I listened to the surface of her library counter for a minute, then she was back.  “Got it.  Ready?”
“Yeah.”
“It’s dated the eighth of September, 1926.  It reads: ‘Roger, Feels like this playing both ends against the middle is going to wind me up dead.  There’s a lot of money in this town, but getting close to the shine is work.  These people are scum of God’s Earth, but they are sly.  If I don’t hit pay dirt in a week, I’m out of this God-forsaken hell-hole.  If you don’t see me in ten days after receiving this, then I’m dead.  Send cavalry anyway.  Best, BJ.’  That’s it.  What’s it mean, Bill?”
“It means that the cavalry got there too late, Kathy.”
“Why do you need to know all this stuff, Bill?  And why was this restricted?  This stuff happened over seventy years ago.”
“Because, darlin’,” I said.  “Those were real people and they had real families, and some of those families, the sons and daughters—and most certainly the grandsons and granddaughters—are still around up here.”
“Oh,” she said.  “They could be affected by this after seventy years?”
“Is the South still affected by the Civil War?  Is Germany still affected by the Nazis?”
“Uh.  Yeah.  I see your point,” she said.  “By the way, where are you calling from?”
“Childress, Texas.  Kathy, this is about money, whiskey, horses and kidnapping.  If I recall correctly, Roger Bailey was the Dallas Sheriff.  He used to sell the bicycles that Clyde Barrow stole over in West Dallas.  Sold them out of his pawn shop.  This was when Clyde was still a kid, just getting his start in crime.  Bailey knew what he was doing.”
“Wow.  Nice guy.  Was everybody on the take back then, or not?”
“Not everybody, Kathy, but sometimes the lines blurred.”
“Okay,” she said.  “I still don’t understand all the secrecy.”
She had a point.  I didn’t either.  “Well,” I replied.  “What if somebody started going around saying your grandfather made his fortune from illegal whiskey, robbery and murder-for-hire?”
“Hah!  I think maybe he did, Bill.”
“Oh,” I said.  “Sorry.”
“That’s okay.  Still, you’re right.  I wouldn’t like it.”
“Exactly.  Also, I think there’s even more to it all than just hoodlumism.”
“Yeah?  Like what?”
“Don’t know.  I’ll tell you if I find out.”
“Uh,” she said.  “On second thought don’t tell me.  I don’t want to know.”
I looked up.  Hank drew his hand across his throat and tapped on a non-existent watch.
“Gotta run, darlin’,” I told her.  “I’ll see you later.”
“Um.  Bill?  Uh.  I don’t know how to tell you this.”
“Just spit it out.”
“Well, okay.  I don’t want to go out with you.”
What?  I thought.  “I thought I was just buying you dinner.  You know, friends?”
“Oh.  Okay.  Good.  I’m glad you thought that.  It makes it easier.  I still can’t.”
“Alright,” I said.  “Why?”
“‘Cause,” she said.  “What you do is too dangerous.  I don’t want any part of it.”
I paused two beats, let it sink in.
“Good, I said.  “I always knew you were a smart girl.”
We exchanged goodbyes and hung up.
“Well,” I said aloud to myself.  “I’ll be damned.”
  

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

After Hank, Dingo and I bolted down our food we got back on the road.
“Turn left off the town square, Bill,” he said.
It was getting late in the day.  All of three o’clock.
“Where’re we going?” I asked.
“Radio Shack,” he said.
“Sorry I asked.”
Surprisingly the town had one.  
By four-thirty we were sitting under a shade tree down by a slow-moving creek on the outskirts of town.
I patted Dingo and watched Hank.  He was ladling some very foul-smelling raw nitrates from a large-sized trash bag into a series of small metal cylinders.  I started to ask where he had gotten the cylinders, then decided against it.  I didn’t need to know.
A sheriff’s deputy car passed.  I waved and the two patrolmen waved back.
“Think they know us?” Hank asked me.
“If they don’t then I’m willing to bet that they know of us.”
“Remember when she told us about Carl, the jockey?” I asked Hank.
“Yeah.  And Lefty.  Jake and Freddie’s fathers.”
“Right.  Well, remember when Julie said that Lefty liked to tell stories, only he—“
”He did a bad job of it,” Hank said.
“Uh huh.  So Carl had to finish most of them.  The story she told me in my office the first morning I met her was about a manure pile.”
“What?  You’re kidding.”
“Nope.  A story about a manure pile and some horse stables.  At first I thought it was...  Uh...  Horseshit.”
“The story,” Hank said, “not the manure.  Got it.”
“Right,” I told him.  “So there was this bit of concrete poking up at the edge of the manure pile.  It had a rusted out lid on it and an old padlock on top of that.  All Lefty could say was that the manure pile had a ghost, and that it was the ghost of an old lawman.  Carl corrected him and pointed out the concrete tube, about a foot and a half in diameter, and said it was the chimney for an old tornado shelter.”
“Makes sense,” Hank said.  “Most of these old homesteads up here on the plains have them.  Continue with the story.”
“Okay.  Carl told her that a house had once stood right beside the tornado shelter, which was concrete with a steel door.  In the ground on top of that was a vegetable garden.  They used to fertilize the garden with horse manure.  Later, after the house had been torn down and rebuilt higher up on the hill they stopped raising vegetables there.  Later they built some new horse stables there—about the time that Archie Carpin was a kid—and because it was tradition, kept on dumping their manure on top of the old tornado shelter.”
“Okay,” Hank said.
“So, that night when Julie was on the run and Archie was coming back home, she had to ditch the money.  She had Jessica—the kid—with her and all she could think of doing was getting rid of the money and getting the hell out of there.  If those men had caught her with the money, she—they—would both have been dead.”
“She got the lid open,” Hank said.  “Didn’t she?  The lid to the tornado shelter.”
“Uh huh.  She did.  It was mostly a blob of rust.  She said she got crudded-up on all the wet manure from the downpour, but she got the damn thing open—“
”And dropped the doctor’s bag with the money down the hole.” Hank said, pleased with himself.
“Yeah,” I said.  “Only she didn’t know about Blackjack.  After all, it was just an old jockey’s tale.”
“Blackjack?”
“You’ll find out,” I said.  I glanced at my watch.  “We’re running low on time.”
Off to the east the line of dark clouds was much closer.
“I know,” he replied.  “It’s time to get Julie and the little girl.”
“And the money,” I said.

*****

Carpin’s ranch was fifteen miles outside of town and three miles from the state highway.
I got Dock’s Suburban up to eighty-five miles per hour and didn’t get any complaints from Hank.
About mid-way we passed a Dodge Ram pickup that had a headache rack on top.  A county vehicle.  Probably Sheriff’s Office.
I glanced in the rearview mirror, watched it slow down, turn off and whip around.  It followed us for a mile or more, then slowed and pulled off to the side of the road.
I wondered, but then decided to forget about it.
The leaden gray leading edge of the storm front rolled and tumbled over us.  Beneath it, in front of us and along the black eastern horizon, lightning forked down in brilliant trunks, searching, finding.  Thunder pealed.  From behind us the sun lit the land away north and east in an ethereal, orange-ish glow.
“Gonna be one helluva storm,” Hank said.
“Yeah. I think we should pull over and re-check our armaments,” I said.
We were loaded for bear.  I had a .38 and Hank had his .25 caliber Walther and Dingo.  Also he had a backpack stuffed with little metal cylinders with walkie-talkies taped to them.
“How’re you holding up?” Hank asked.
“Bout as well as can be expected,” I told him, but in truth, I was more than a little nervous.
When it comes to mortality, whether it’s your own or somebody else’s, that’s just the way it is.  You feel it in your stomach, in the little nerve-endings in your hands and feet, over the sensitive skin along the spine.  If I had to name the feeling, I’d call it fear.
I wondered if Hank felt the same.
“Let’s do this,” he said.
I started up the car and pulled out onto the road and headed straight into the coming blackness.

*****

A few miles down the road from Carpin’s ranch the windshield started picking up little spatters of rain.  As we advanced the drops become larger, the roadway underneath became slick.  By the time we reached a large billboard that read “QUARTER HORSE RANCH” on the roadside, it was coming down in sheets, almost horizontal, right at us.  I turned the windshield wipers on full.  In our headlights the rain appeared to have a nexus, a central emanation point about eight feet in front of the car and about four feet above the level of the hood.
Night had descended, and it was a night right out of some story by Sterling Hayden, or perhaps Dean Koontz.  The kind of night where the weather takes on a personality all its own.
I slowed us to a crawl.  The last mile took all of five minutes, though it seemed a lot longer.
The rain came down so fast and thick and hard all at once as we pulled off the road near the main gate that visibility was down to twenty yards, even with the wipers flogging the windshield full tilt. 
I looked at Hank.
“Are we doing this right?” I asked him.
“I’ve never done this before, Bill,” he said.  “We’ll know soon enough.  If we live through this, remind me to tell you that you did fine.”
I put the car in park.
“Leave the keys under the seat,” Hank said.  “We may have to scoot pretty quick.”
“How are we going in?” I asked.  Really, I was asking myself.
“Gun in hand.  We go in together.  You too, Dingo,” Hank said.  Dingo stuck her head up front and licked Hank’s cheek.
It was my turn to say it:  “Let’s do this.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Hank and Dingo and I crouched in a downpour at the edge of the woods near the main gate to the Carpin Quarter Horse Ranch.  Thunder crashed and lightning lit up the world for brief spaces.
I had never been so wet.  The rain came down in sheets.
The earth beneath our feet churned in the torrent of the runoff, became so much mud.
Hank was bent low with an arm around Dingo’s neck, and even the dog tried to make herself as small as possible, pressing herself back against and underneath him in an attempt to stay out of the rain.  The pack on Hank’s back was shedding water at an alarming rate.  I only hoped the merchandise inside was still high and dry.
The heart of the storm would be passing over us soon.  There was one particular sheet of brilliance, there and gone in a twinkling, so bright that my retinas hurt, and even as I thought of counting forward from the flash to the peal of thunder, it seemed that a giant decided at that moment to clap his hands together behind my head.
“Damn,” Hank shouted, “that was close.”
In the woods to our left I saw a flicker of light.  The tree that had just been hit by lightning, not twenty yards away, guttered with flame for a moment, then the flames winked out.
“Yeah!” I yelled back.
A hundred yards ahead through the night and the storm I could make out the dark, solid silhouette of the main house.  Still no light.
“Do you think anybody’s home?”  Hank asked.
“Your guess is as good as mine.  If there are any cars, they’ll be around back.”
Dingo barked, but it was half-hearted.  A protest, probably.  I was certain the dog thought we were all out of our minds, and I wasn’t so sure that she wouldn’t be right if she did.  What the hell were we doing anyway?  Then again, I’d been asking myself that question for most of my life.
“The stables must be down the lane,” Hank said.  “Back beyond the house.  Still wish I had that map Julie drew.”
“Yeah,” I said.  “Hank, I think we should split up.  Like in Rio Bravo.  Somebody needs to cover the back door, you know what I mean?”
It didn’t take him long to agree, one quick scan of the lay of the land, which was darkness and quagmire, and he was nodding.
“Okay.”
“I’ll go left,” I told him and pointed.  Toward the left there was a stand of brushy woods straining against an ancient barbed wire fence and a narrow path between the house and the woods, a black place in the night that appeared to swallow the lightning and the storm.
I caught Hank’s look in a flash of lightning.  Even he thought I was crazy.  That was a switch.
“You and Dingo go right,” I said, and pointed.
To the right of the house the bare land rose up into a series of low hills, then fell away toward the rear of the property.  Back there, somewhere, was the swelling, clay-red waters of the Red River.  Also, back there somewhere was the horse stables, and beyond that, a certain manure pile.
“You be... thorough,” Hank said.
“I’ll be...   Yeah.”
With that Hank and Dingo were gone into the storm, vanishing completely in an instant.
With the rain filling my shoes—by God, I’d have to get new ones soon—I set off down the fence line, peering at the ground ahead and pausing between flashes of lightning in order to keep my bearings.
I entered the night.

*****

When I was all of seven years old I went with my folks to visit a neighbor lady.
In the small town where I grew up the street lamps were thin-to-nonexistent the further you got away from downtown, and we lived within a block of the city limits.  When the moon waned down to nothing, or hid itself completely, the dark spaces between and behind the homes held little more light than a limestone cave, particularly on cloudy nights.
That night was such a night.
After dinner and tall tales, each equally unremarkable, my mother and father said their goodbyes on the front porch while I fidgeted from foot to foot on the space concrete blocks that comprised the front walk.
I looked around at the ocean of night around me, the only safe shores of which was the pool of rectangular light spilling around the silhouettes of my folks and Mrs. Beckham.
I heard a sound; an odd sound, like a whimper.  It seemed to emanate from the side of the house down near the ground, and being age seven it was up to me to investigate.
Some of us are born curious and have the good fortune to have an inborn sense of fear and awe with which to temper it.  I wasn’t so lucky.  Curiosity I had, and that in spades, but until that moment in the hot high summer of 1970 in the East Texas night at Mrs. Beckham’s house at the corner of Collard Street and Maple, I had not yet learned of fear and pain from the unknown.
Perhaps ten feet—all of a world—into the darkness, I felt for the whimper in the inky blackness.
I moved forward.  Two yards.  Five.
I smelled earth, freshly turned—the same scent as from our vegetable garden when it was being tilled—and I smelled iron, and something else.  A wet smell.  A reek.
The whimper turned abruptly into a growl; a low, gravelly staccato rising in volume and intensity in the stillness of the dark.  From a world away I could hear the adult voices around front, indistinguishable as words but with crystal clarity as far as tone—over there, in that other world where my parents and the old neighbor lady stood on the shores of the light, all was well.  All was right with the world.
The fear began as a little feathery whisper down in the area of my gonads, grew rapidly into a shout and overcame me in a flash.
I turned and ran.
I took two strides and then I felt stabbing heat—teeth sank into my left buttock even as I distinctly heard a raised voice:  “Don’t get too close to that dog, now, ya hear!”
It was not the first or the last time I had been bitten by a dog, but for me it forever changed the character of the night.

*****

As I stumbled forward into the storm at the Carpin ranch, I thought about dogs.  Dogs I have loved and dogs I have loathed.  I hoped that Carpin didn’t have any, or on the off-chance that he did, that I’d be able to see them before they saw me.  I’ve seen my share of ranch operations, and I never knew one not to have a dog.
I didn’t relish meeting mindless teeth, blind in the dark and the storm.
Hank had Dingo.  All I had was a .38.

*****

I put one foot in front of the other as I penetrated the darkness between the house and the fence that held back the brush and the woods.
Intermittent lightning revealed just how narrow the space was, and for the length of that space I’d be catching the full brunt of the runoff from the roof.
There were strange, twisted shapes there in the dark.  Revealed in snapshot-like images from the lightning, I saw that someone had taken to collecting old kiddie-train parts.  Along the fence there were a string of cars, each about eight feet long and three feet high, rusted through in places and starting to cave in upon themselves from decay.  Just across from that oddity along the south side of the house and perfectly revealed for an instant of time in a flash of lightning there was the largest Jack-In-The-Box I’d ever seen, all of seven feet tall.  Behind it was a huge plastic gorilla with bared teeth sitting cross-legged.  Maybe it was King Kong practicing his zen meditations.
In a moment I had it figured out.  Either someone had been planning a miniature golf course and never got it off the ground, or the same someone had hauled off all the props after the miniature golf course was closed down.
I looked at King Kong’s teeth and Jack’s smile in the next thrum of lightning flashes and shuddered.
The way became even narrower toward the rear corner of the house and I could tell that the space opened up back there.  Behind all the trash on my right I could see the interminable blackness underneath the house, which was raised up on pier and beam pilings to about my chest height.
And, all things being both equal and perfect, not ten feet from freedom I heard it about the fever pitch of the storm and the thunder:  I heard the growl.

*****

Maybe I’ve read a few too many Dean Koontz novels, but in the first instant I got the idea that the thing was part human—some kind of mad-scientist experiment gone horribly awry.  Then the thing stepped out to fill the last three feet between the house and the fence.
It was a big animal.  By its silhouette I guessed that it was a mastiff.  Julie had never said anything about the dog.  If ever I talked to her again, I definitely planned to mention that fact.  But, then again, there were a good many things that she failed to mention.
Lightning flashed and the dog took a step toward me.
The chain from its neck grew taut.  It was at the chain limit.
I took out the thirty-eight.  Aimed it at the dog.
The growl grew louder.
I didn’t want to kill the animal, but I had decided that I was coming through.
I hoped no one was home, or that the shot would be taken for thunder if there was.
The rain runoff from the roof pored down on top of my head, trailed down my arm and spilled off the barrel of the gun I held at hip level.
I began to squeeze the trigger.
“Sasha!”  A voice bellowed.  “Come on!”
The chain around the dog’s neck jerked back and the growl was cut off.  It reminded me of killing a lawn-mower engine.
The dog was gone.

*****

I waited, shivering in the cold.  I counted slowly from a hundred down to zero, then stepped around the corner of the house and into the back yard.
I paused, waiting for another lightning flash.  One came within a few seconds.
I caught movement across the way.  There was an immense horse walker in the center of the backyard space, and beyond it, a hundred yards away, were the stables.  The movement was from the direction of the stables.  I wasn’t certain, but what I’d seen in that hundredth of a second could have been a dog’s tail disappearing into the gloom of the stables.
It wasn’t completely black.  There was a utility pole by the parking lot at the other end of the house and it shed pale, electric blue light downward in a cone.  There, in main light, were three vehicles.  Two of them were trucks.  There was a new pickup over there, either silver or white—it seems it’s always impossible to distinguish between the colors in limited light.  But one of the trucks I recognized.  It was a Light-blue Ford F-150 pickup.  Someone had replaced the windshield.  Other than that, I would have recognized it anywhere.
“Well well,” I said into the rain.  “Old friends.”
And down at the stables someone turned on all the lights.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

I would find out much later what Hank was up to during his and Dingo’s trek through the rain.
At the bottom of the last hill he traversed he found the south bank of the Red River.  A hundred yards down, around the curve of the bank he found a floating dock and a motor boat, which was where he parted with the first of the presents he carried on his back.
Up the bank, perpendicular to the river, he came upon the darkened exterior of the northern end of the horse stables.  After a quick search he found what he was looking for and left another present.
I wouldn’t know anything about his little Santa Claus-run for another fifteen minutes.
Time enough for Hank to start the countdown to World War III.

*****

When the man and the dog were gone I stepped up onto the porch.  There was little light inside, but I caught an amber glow from the central part of the house.
The porch was long and roofed over with tin and so I enjoyed a few moments without rain coming down on my head.  There were windows off onto the porch.  I crept from window to window, trying to see inside.
At the third window there was a little girl.  She sat up on a bed and played with what looked like two Barbie dolls.  I had to restrain myself from tapping on the window and getting her attention.  But no—I wasn’t ready to do anything to put her in direct danger until I knew more.
The silhouette of a man passed by the open doorway to her bedroom and I started.  Jake, or Freddie.  I didn’t know which.  Fortunately he hadn’t seen me.
The house wasn’t clear yet.  I needed to rendezvous with Hank before I attempted to get Julie and the kid out of the house.
I would have to make for the stables.  There was someone down there with a dog.  Probably it was Archie Carpin, but I had no way of knowing.
Facing the stables I looked back toward the dark fence line.  It cut a hundred yards across the open landscape and again disappeared into blackness to the south of the stables.
I hopped off of the porch and into the darkness.

*****

One end of the stables lay in inky blackness.  I could smell horses but I couldn’t see any of them.  I moved from one stall to the next and listened.
No neighs or whinnies.  No stamping of hoofed feet.  All of the horses were gone.
I remembered:  Julie had said that all the men—even the ones who tended the still operation—were at the races.  That meant the horses were there as well.
I wondered where Hank was.
Suddenly there was a long low growl, growing in intensity.  It came from the other side of the stables.
There was an answering bark.  Dingo!
An instant later there came the unmistakable sound of Hank’s voice:  “Git ‘em!”
I ran down to the center of the stables into the light, cut through the central corridor and out the other side.
Splashing through water nearly a foot deep in places, I approached the dogs.

*****

There were strange shapes in the night.  The strangest shape of all was the hill.
It was a manure pile.  Perhaps thirty feet long and in places nearly the height of a man.
A lot of horses had made it over a long period of time.
As I came around the southern end of the pile there was a flash of lightning, and as if newly created by the storm, a man, standing with his back to me.
Five feet away from him was what appeared to be an ancient concrete culvert stood on end, three quarter embedded down in the manure.
The dark silhouette was Hank, standing there in the darkness.
Fifteen feet in front of him was somebody else.
Archie Carpin stood there staring at me.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

“Where’s my money,” Archie Carpin asked me.  There was a gun in his hand, pointed down at the mud.
The two dogs were out there, growling and splashing and snapping at each other.
“Why don’t you ask Julie,” I said.
“She ain’t talkin’,” he said.  “She must think I’m gonna kill her after I’ve got it.”
“I wonder why she would possibly think that?”
“Smart fellah, ain’t ya?”
“Not so smart,” I said.  “Looks like you’re holding all the cards.”
“I’m holding most of the cards,” he said.  “I’ve got the kid and I’ve got Julie.  I’ve got Jacob over there covering your partner.”
I looked.  It was true.  In the light of the stables I could see Hank’s hands coming up into the air.  His backpack was gone.  Jake stood behind him, gun raised.  Also, I didn’t see Dingo.
“I’m only missing one thing,” Carpin said.
“What’s that?”  I asked.
“The money.”
“What money?” I asked.
“Where’s the goddamned money?”  Archie Carpin screamed.
There was a sudden screech.  One of the two animals fighting out there in the darkness and the mud just experienced the sensation of teeth sinking down into throat, cutting off its last howl.  Either Dingo or the mastiff was dead.
I took two steps forward.
His gun swung up, pointed at me.
I laughed.  I laughed out loud at him as the lightning played and danced across the sky.
“What’s so goddamned funny, asshole?” he yelled.
“You.  You and your stupid horses and your screwed-up family history and your pathetic control games.  Money is nothing!”
“If it’s nothing, then maybe you wouldn’t mind handing it over,” he said, and grinned.
“I can’t,” I said.  “You idiot.  You’ve already got it.”
He looked around, then back up at me.
“I don’t see it,” he said.  His smile had taken on the aspects of lunacy.  His eyebrows were arched and I could see his teeth.
“That’s because it’s out of sight,” I told him.
“Where?” Carpin said.  “Tell me, or your buddy there gets it.”
I looked over at Hank, his hands in the air, a gun pointed at his head.  Jake grinned at me, the dark gap where one of his incisors had been lent him the appearance of ignorant evil.
I looked toward Hank, caught a split-second of his face in that perfectly illuminated world inside a lightning flash.  He was smiling as well.
I remembered.  The nitrates!
“Where?” Carpin shouted.
“Right there, you stupid piece of shit,” I said, and pointed to the ground at Hank’s feet.
“The manure pile?”  Carpin laughed.  “You gotta be shittin’ me.”
“Not the manure pile,” I said.  “Under it.  Way under it.  The old tornado shelter.”

*****

Back in High School I did a brief stint on the Junior Varsity football team.  In those days we had coaches who weren’t afraid to rub our noses in the dirt when we screwed up, and if you happened to get on their bad side... look out.
I got on a coach’s bad side once, right in his office. Back then my mouth was a lot faster, sort of like a pistol with a hair trigger.  So when I told the coach that maybe he ought to worry a little less about my lack of team spirit and a little more about the rumors of him and Miss Puckett—the young substitute teacher who was being handed around—and about how his wife might react when she found out, the white-headed old pug came unglued.
He stood up from his chair so quickly and violently that a lynch-pin underneath it fell out and the whole swivel seat and backrest fell over and rattled on the waxed tile floor.  He never even noticed.  His face was fiery purplish-red, the color of a freshly pulled beet.
We almost came to blows that day.
That’s what Carpin’s face reminded me of in the light from the stables and the intermittent lightning.  His face was red, just as Coach Looney’s had been.
“What?” he screamed.  “All along?  All this time?  While those two idiots were chasing her all over?”
“Yeah,” I said.  “Ain’t it a riot?”
Jake started laughing, the laugh of a dullard who has stumbled across some simple yet profound truth.
“I fucking believe you,” Carpin said.  “It’s the only thing that makes any kind of sense.  You know why, right?  ‘Cause it makes no fucking sense, that’s why it makes sense.”
“Good,” I said.  “Your money is on your property.  We can go then.”
I took a step toward Hank and Jake.
Carpin’s gun belched flame.  A clot of mud leapt up from the ground and swatted me.  He’d fired into the ground to my side.
“Not so fast,” he said.  “I can’t let you people live.  You know too much.  You know about the still.  You know about the kid.  Besides that—“
”What?”  I asked.
“I’ve been waiting to do this since I first talked to you on the phone.”  He raised his gun, straight-armed, and pointed it at my face.
“Good girl,” Hank yelled.
There was a blur and belching fire.  I felt hot air: a bullet whizzing past my cheek just as Carpin’s arm came down under the dark mass of some beast.
Dingo!
They were on the ground for a moment, rolling in the mud.  Dingo’s teeth tore through wet cloth down into flesh and bone.
Motion to my right!  I snapped a glance.
Jake moved his gun off of Hank toward Dingo and Carpin.
“Get it off me!  Kill it—KILL IT!”  Carpin screamed as he flailed at Dingo with his other arm.  In the night, in the mud and rain, in the orange glow from the stable lights and the blue lightning the two of them looked like one single alien thing suffering its final death throes.  Like John Carpenter’s ‘The Thing’.
“I cain’t, boss.  Ah might hitch’ oo!”
Hank moved, but Jake brought the gun back to cover him.
Hank froze.
At that moment Freddie walked up between us, raised his gun and fired down at the earth.
And then the heavens opened.

*****

Beauty can be many things.  For me beauty was the mud and earth moving under my feet and an invisible hand forcing me forward headlong; it was a too-bright eruption of light around from behind me; it was objects moving around me like petals of an unfolding flower.
Beauty was an explosion.  And for that briefest of instants I completely understood something—understood it with the perfectness of crystal clarity, so thoroughly got the essence of it that it unraveled before my flight was done.  I understood the soul of my friend Hank Sterling.  I knew what it looked like.
Then the back of my head encountered mud and the rest of my body flipped over.  The air above my eyes was alive with particles.  There were long splinters of wood from the inside of support beams and two-by-fours and they were all flying, migrating outward from the center of the blast.  There were large nails and shards of glass and whole saddles, moving, drifting away into the night.
My ears weren’t working, by my eyes saw everything, captured it all.
And the lightning dared not strike.
I rolled over.
My hand came to rest on the gun in my waistband.  I pulled it out.  What good was a gun when the world was going ka-bluey?
I pushed down against the mud.  Got up on one knee, shakily.
Somebody else was trying to get up as well.
Freddie.
He turned towards me.  Half of his face was gone.
“Freddie,” I said.  “You ain’t gonna make it.”
His eyes stared into mine for an instant in the glow of the fire that had once been some horse stables.  I thought he was going to say something—he certainly looked for a moment like a fellow who had something on his mind—then he fell over, face first into the mud and never moved again.
I stood up, reeling.
A hand closed around my ankle.
It was almost too much like the dream.
Hank, I thought, but when I looked down, it was Archie Carpin.  A long, tapering piece of wood was imbedded in his mouth.  The point of it had exited well past his right ear and he was strangling on his own blood.  Also, he was trying to talk.
The fingers on my ankle thrummed out a rhythm for a moment and then went still.
Both Hank and Jake were trying to get to their feet.
Jake’s gun came up, pointed right at Hank.
I was cold inside.  I’d never known such cold.
Gun up, I pulled the trigger without thinking.  Just looked and—
Crack!
—a spray of blood and bone in another herky-jerky lightning flash.
Jake began to fall amid another flash
Crack!
—and there was fire in the rain, leaping from the muzzle of Jake’s gun, then gone.
Hank jerked like he’d been hit by a charging bull, fell back into the water with a splash.
The hand around my ankle thrummed again, almost as if it was trying to tap out a message in Morse.
I lifted my leg and stomped it, once.  Twice.
There were lights, suddenly, cutting across the nightmarish landscape.
A pickup truck.  It roared to a stop, slewing mud everywhere.
The front door of the Dodge Ram came open.  A cowboy hat with a plastic rain cover emerged.  Sheriff Thornton.
I didn’t wait.  I got in motion.
Around the manure pile and the concrete chimney, the next lightning flash revealed Jake’s body.  I sailed over it, my feet splashing into water.
“Bill!”  Sheriff Thornton called out.  I ignored it.
Hank was face down in the mud and the runoff.  His face was underwater.  
I grabbed him by the shirt, took one shoulder and rolled him over.
At least his eyes weren’t staring at me like
—the nightmare— 
like he was maybe dead already.
There was a hole in his side right through his ribcage.  I turned him again.  No exit wound.
His eyes came open.  He smiled.  His mouth opened.  Water and blood spilled out.
“Nice”—cough—“shootin’,”—cough—“Tex.”
“Goddammit.  Shut up, Hank.  If you talk you’re likely to die.”
He half-nodded, slowly.
“Bill!”  The voice, again.  Not as loud.  Insistent, though.  Trying to reach me.  It was Agent Cranford.
I ignored it, pulled Hank over to the Sheriff’s truck.  Opened the passenger door.
There was a shape beside me.  I didn’t know who.  Didn’t care.  “See to Julie and the kid,” I said, and gestured in the direction of the house.
By the time I got Hank loaded into the back seat, I noticed that the rain was beginning to slack off.
“You’re not gonna die, you sonuvabitch,” I told him.  I guess I was a little loud.
His eyes were following me.  I didn’t want to look at them.  How things like that almost always seemed to go:  if I looked into his eyes, he’d die.  Superstitious of me, I knew, but I didn’t care.
“Don’t worry,” he said.
Dock had said that.
I shivered.  It was cold and I was shaking.
“What?”  I almost screamed it at him.
“I ain’t gonna die,” he said.  “Not yet, anyway.  Hurts...   like...   hell.  But I ain’t gonna give up yet.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

Emergency rooms are possibly my least favorite place to be.  Aside from funeral parlors, that is.
It was 12:20 a.m. in Wichita Falls, Texas.
I suppose I’ve been lucky most of my life.  I don’t know why.  I’d like to think it has something to do with the fact that I haven’t hurt so many people in life, but then again, you never know.  My mother used to say I should count my blessings.  I suppose if I ever do get back to saying my prayers again like I did as a child, then I’ll include a special thanks for watching over me during that week of hell.  And for that night of the storm. 
Hank was still in the operating room.  I kept my hands clenched the whole time.  The young lady doctor with the drab-green scrubs and elongated neck had said that it depended upon whether or not the second lung collapsed, and how much he bled.  If he pulled through this one, his life was going to be a little slower for awhile.
I had an eleven-year old on my lap, trying to go to sleep.  Her name was Jessica, and I was already smitten with her.
Julie sat up on her E.R. bed.  Fortunately she only had a few contusions.  Her hair looked chopped up sort of butch all the way around where it had to be cut away from the electrical tape.  It would grow back.  I found myself hoping that if everything with her and me and the law resolved the right way that maybe the two of us would also have a chance to grow back—together.  Foolish of me, I know.  
So there I sat, holding her hand and looking into those enchanting eyes.  She had an alcohol-soaked rag in her hand, doing her best to remove the remaining patches of tape glue that were still there around her cheeks and mouth.  The alcohol vapors must have been getting in her eyes because they were tearing up.  Or maybe it was something else.
There were the tips of black cowboy boots pacing slowly back and forth just the other side of the privacy curtain.  Sheriff Thornton, probably.  
Another set of boots walked up and there was a brief, whispered exchange.  I caught one bit of a sentence, though, and I liked the sound of it: “...thinks he’s gonna pull through.”
“Julie,” I said.  “Sounds like Hank’s gonna make it.”  
She started crying.
“Don’t cry,” Jessica said.  She got up from my lap and put her arms around Julie.  I stood up from my chair and sat down next to her.
I waited until the sobbing subsided.  She leaned into me and I held her.
So much death, so much suffering, I thought.  Why is the beauty in our lives tempered with such sadness?
“Anything you want to tell me before you have to tell everything to the Feds?” I asked her.
“Be with me,” was all she said.  “Both of you.”  I guess she said it loud enough to be overheard outside the curtain.  The two pairs of boots turned and walked away.
“We’re here,” Jessica said.

*****

You don’t just pull a magic trick and switch bags with a fellow who is carrying home two million dollars.  That kind of stunt requires careful planning, follow-through, quick-thinking, and terrific dumb luck.  Fortunately Julie had each of these elements going for her the night Archie Carpin was paid off in a small town of seven hundred souls five miles north of the Red River, just across the state line in the furthest southwest corner of Oklahoma and only fifteen miles from the Carpin ranch.
El Dorado was a farming town dependent for survival upon two things:  the muddy waters of the Red River for irrigation, and upon keeping the kids who were graduating high school from moving off.
The heart of the town centered around Jill’s Diner, where a farmer and his family could stop by on Sunday for the buffet and expect to eat about as well as they could expect to eat at home.  Jill’s was a greasy spoon, in the noblest tradition of that label.  The air was laden with the scent of deep-frying oil—possibly in need of a change—and cigarette smoke.
One the Sunday afternoon that Archie Carpin stopped in to have dinner and meet with his Oklahoma City friends, the crowd inside Jill’s was thick and the pretty yet slightly pudgy waitress—whose heart was firmly set on running off to college in Kansas City and becoming a Forensic Scientist—was serving as fast as the plates came through the kitchen window. 
Carpin didn’t bother to sit.  He ordered the buffet and iced tea, but was told that the buffet—a steam table affair in the family room just around the corner inside the dimly lit place—had run dry.
No problem.  They’d fix him up a fresh plate, special.
Carpin sat.  He glanced at his watch.
At ten minutes till one, the Oklahoma City boys came in and took a seat at the table with him.  They demurred when the waitress asked them if they wanted anything.  Instead they exchanged a few words with Carpin, shook hands and left.
There on the seat across from him was the bag.  An old country doctor’s medical bag, from the age when doctors carried such and made real house calls on their patients.  It was a bit of an inside joke and Carpin sat there for a moment, chuckling to himself.  Among his distribution buddies he was known as “The Doctor” because of his skillful method of taking moonshine and flavoring it so that it could pass for most any label of brand-name  whiskey.
He regarded the bag across from him, and continued to regard it even as his food arrived and he began to eat.
By the time he finished his cherry cobbler he knew that something wasn’t right.  It started first with his hearing, which had taken on a muted and tinny quality.  After a minute of sitting and studying on it, it came to him as a shock that his hearing was beginning to fade out completely.  His vision, likewise, began to grow dim along the periphery.  As he watched, the periphery began to shrink, to close in on the center of his vision.
He slammed his fist on the table in an effort to get some of his awareness back, but only succeeded in knocking his iced tea glass off onto the floor where it shattered.
In another ten seconds he was out.
In small towns an ambulance is a rarity.  Response time in such places is usually from half an hour to half a day.  That Sunday it took the ambulance mere moments to respond.  None of the patrons there at Jill’s gave it a second thought.  Their attention was on the excitement:  Archie Carpin, a bit of legend in those parts, had had a heart attack in their very own diner. 
The two EMTs, unaccountably short fellows, had a time getting Carpin onto the gurney and had to have help from among Jill’s patrons.
Finally, they got him loaded and out the door, not for a moment forgetting to take the physician’s bag.

*****

Of the long ride to the hospital in Wichita Falls, Texas, Carpin would later remember very little.
He did however, from a sea of lurid, tortured dreams, feel the ambulance jerk to a stop in Quanah, Texas, eight miles south of the Red River.  He felt the cool breeze on his skin when the rear door to the ambulance swung open, and although there were words exchanged and the distinct lilt of a female voice which he would never be able to piece together, one thing was unmistakable, and would immediately surface in his mind when he woke up an hour later with the worst headache he’d ever had in his life:  the scent of Giorgio perfume.

*****

It had been a stormy evening, much like the one we had just experienced.  Carpin was on his way home from the hospital with a bag full of confetti.  He was going to kill somebody.
Jake Jorgenson had, in his own fashion, been in love with Julie since the moment she put in an appearance at the ranch.  Nobody seemed to realize it but Julie, who would have nothing to do with him.  That night Jake got a call from his boss that he was on his way home.  He had instructions to round up Julie and lock her in the closet until he got there.  Apparently Jake hadn’t liked the sound in the older man’s voice.  He’d told Julie that it was a sound like blood and powder.
When Jake told her that he would protect her from Carpin, if she’d only get in the closet as he’d said, Julie demurred.  Instead she wracked Jake up pretty good with a well-placed kick that took him down to the floor.  She left him there, holding himself and leaking spittle.  Then she grabbed the physician’s bag with the latest Oklahoma City payoff, and started looking for Jessica.  Something had gone wrong.  Archie was not supposed to have awakened until late that night.  She had been counting on that and the hospital’s propensity to keep him for observation and monitoring of his vital signs while she got everything ready and made her break.
She went to Jessica’s room to fetch the girl, but she was gone.  With one look out the window from the main house Julie found her.  She was down past the horse stables, as always, and playing in the rain.
Julie took the bag and her purse and high-tailed it down the lane toward the stables.
By the time she had Jessica by the hand she saw the glow of headlights coming over the hill past the house.  Archie Carpin was home.
The stables were deserted, except for the men down in the still.  But there was nowhere to run.
Her eyes settled on the manure pile and on the concrete cylinder rising just inches above the refuse.
She ran to the manure pile, stepped shin-deep into the manure and gave the rusting lid a shove.  It didn’t move.  She looked around.  There was a manure shovel close by, leaning up against a mesquite tree.  She grabbed it, took careful aim on the ancient lock and brought the shovel down on top of it with all she had.
The lock and the hasp shattered.
She gave the lid a second push.  This time it opened with a screech of metal on concrete.
She dropped the bag into the blackness of the shaft, pull the lid closed, took Jessica by the hand and made for the barbed wire fence and the woods beyond.
And they made it.
They spent the night in a hunter’s blind deep in the woods, shivering and shaking and starting at every sound.
The next day they cut across country, hiking until they found a road.  From there they thumbed a ride into town.
Later that next evening, Julie put the kid on a bus to her real grandmother’s house in New York City, paying for the fare in cash.  She’d had the presence of mind to take one stack of bills and stuff them into her purse the night before.  And by the time she met me, all she’d had left were three pathetic-looking hundred dollar bills.
She ran from Childress, Texas, and into the arms of Carpin’s chief enemy, Ernest Neil, a hundred miles east of Austin.
Jake and Freddie tracked her there and Jake killed Ernest Neil with a bullet to the head at three-hundred yards.  It was impossible to know whether or not he’d been aiming at Julie or at Ernest.  I had it figured that in the moment he had her lovely head and face in the cross-hairs of his sniper-rifle, Jake couldn’t bring himself to do it.  Whether from misplaced affection, unrequited, or from anger, I believe he moved the cross-hairs a few hundredths of a degree, took careful aim at Earnest Neil, and fired.
When she was finished with her story, she sat there for a time, drying her eyes.
I picked up Jessica and set her down on the bed next to Julie.  She was a darling kid and her eyes seemed to watch my every move.
“You watch out for her, will ya, kiddo?” I said.  “I’ve got to check on Hank.”
“Okay,” she said, and smiled.
“Mom,” I heard her say as I walked around the curtain and across the floor.  “Everything is gonna be great.”
“I know, honey,” Julie said.

*****

I had been warned.
The doctor had said he might not wake up for some time.  That he wasn’t out of the woods yet.
I was just sitting there in his room watching little green blips of light surf peaks and valleys, each peak accompanied by that damned sound that means the same thing in any language.  I watched my friend’s heart beat.  Watched him breathe.
I haven’t had many close friends in my life.  I think  exactly three.  If that was true, then Hank was definitely one of them.
Two hours and just a little over, before he awoke.
I watched nurses pass by out in the Critical Care Ward. Then I heard a “hmm.”
It was Hank.  He was looking at me.  There was no telling how long he’d been watching me.  I couldn’t recall the last time I’d looked up at his face.  Really, I had had one hell of a night myself.
I stood up, walked over to him.
He tried to raise his hand toward me.
I took his hand in mine, two old buddies meeting after a long absence and just shaking hands.
“Don’t try to talk,” I told him.  “You took one in the lungs.”
“Julie?  The little girl?”
“They’re fine,” I said.  “None the worse for wear.”
He shook his head.
“Dingo?” he asked.
“Hey.  You don’t listen, do you?  You’re supposed to shut up.”  I suppose the relief on my face was not enough to discourage him.
“Tell me,” he rasped.
“Dingo’s gonna be fine.  She’s at a veterinary clinic down the block.  Feds took her there.  She took a bullet through the neck, but she’ll live.  Her bark will never be the same, though.”  
“Yeah?”  he said.  “Either one of us.”  His voice was a breathy wheeze, like a teakettle that was trying to come to a boil.  He coughed once, softly.  It was a weak cough, but it was a sound that I didn’t like.
“Easy, cowboy,” I said.  “Don’t you ever shut up?”
His eyes were on mine.  “I’m gonna be fine,” he said.  “But...  I do have to tell you—”
“What?”
“McMurray.”
“Oh,” I said.
Hank nodded.
“The IRS guy.  Hank, you don’t have to tell me,” I said.  “Maybe it’s better if you don’t anyway.  To tell the truth, I don’t think I can stand the thought of you going from a hospital to a jail.”
“I’m...  too old, I think,” he said, his voice hardly better than a rasp.
“There’s no such thing as too old for prison.”
He waved a weakened hand.  My turn to shut up.
“You don’t understand,” he said softly.  “It was...  self-defense.”
“Why would an IRS agent try to harm you?”  I realized the stupidity of the question the moment it tumbled out of my mouth.  “I mean physically,” I said.
“You might, too, if I had the goods on you the way I did...  on him.”
Things clicked into place in my head.
“Um,” I began.
“Yeah,” he said.  “Remember?  I was about three million up in unpaid taxes.  Even after everything settled down I had to pay in a third of that.”
“I remember,” I said.
“McMurray was the only agent who knew about it.  He wanted his share...  And a plane ticket to South America.”
“Okay,” I said.
“I got his demand on tape.  He came after me.”
“I don’t believe it,” I said.
“‘S’truth,” he said.  “Remember, I disappeared for about four months.  That was after.  He cornered me...   in the parking lot of a truck-stop in Killeen.  Pulled a gun.  I grabbed for it.  Got a bullet through my shoulder, but not too bad.  The next bullet...  Murray ate.”
“Jesus, Hank,” I said.  “What—I’m not sure I want to know this...  But what did you do with the body?”
“Bottom of...  Lake Belton.  Wrapped a tow-chain around him.  I let the bottom-feeders have him.”
“You still got that tape?”
“Yep,” he said.  “Made copies.  The original was in the glove-box of my Ford.  I reckon the government has it now.”
I thought about it.  We’d left Hank’s Ford Fairlane parked across the street from Julie’s demolished duplex, along with Dock’s dead body.
“Yeah,” I said.  “I’m sure they have it.”
“Yeah.  It’s what Agents Bruce and Cranford didn’t mention.  They’ll be asking about it soon.”
He coughed again, this time it didn’t sound good at all.
“Okay,” I said.  “That’s enough.  Time to shut up.  I mean it.”
He tried to speak again.
I leaned forward, putting my ear close to his mouth.
“Bill,” he wheezed.  “I was... supposed to remind you...”
I turned and looked at his eyes, up close.
Why did I feel like crying?
“What?”
“Bill, you did just fine.”

*****

And that’s how I felt as I walked out into the early morning sunshine for what seemed like the first time, as if I had just been born with the rising of the sun.
Not perfect.  Not apt.
Just fine.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

Sheriff Thornton must have been having a hell of a time keeping the reporters back and away from the scene of all the devastation we had caused.  When I arrived back there about one o’clock that day in the front passenger seat of Agents Bruce and Cranford’s car, I almost didn’t recognize the place.  The narrow blacktop highway leading to the ranch was lined with news trucks, jeeps and ordinary gawkers, each attempting to gain entry or get a glimpse of what was going on.
It made sense.  The explosion last night had lifted us all up off the ground.  It was a wonder that any one of us had lived through it, except for one thing:  Hank really had known exactly what he was doing.
As we rolled over the cattle-guard—the same cattle-guard where Hank and Dingo and I had stood in the pouring rain last night—I saw two Sheriff’s deputies escorting a dejected cameraman and a young reporter with a torn dress back off the property.  She held a microphone that wouldn’t be seeing any action and a broken high-heel shoe.  Also she wore a priceless expression.
“Interesting effects you cause,” Agent Cranford said from the back seat.
The comment didn’t merit a reply.  We trundled on up the driveway and wound through the low hills and around back.  I looked to the left.  All the windows on that side of the house were shattered.  Also, the house appeared to have shifted some on its foundation.  I wondered if it would ever be habitable again.  Not that it mattered.  There was no one left to live there.
There was nothing left of the stables but scattered sticks of wood and strips of tin roofing.  The whole place looked as though it had been hit by a tornado.  Which it had.  A tornado named Hank Sterling.
Men with black ATF jackets sifted through the wreckage.  As we passed slowly by I saw that one fellow was helping another up out of the exposed hole in the ground where the south part of the stables had once stood.  Carpin’s still operation—or what was left of it— had been exposed for the whole world to see.
I chuckled out loud.
Agent Bruce shot me a look, appeared to smile and frown at the same time.
“What is it?” he asked.
“Just that—I didn’t know Hank was going to do that.  He must have been listening better than I was to Julie.  He couldn’t have planted those nitrates better if he’d had a set of blueprints.”
“Uh huh,” Agent Bruce said.  Why couldn’t I remember his first name?  “By the way, I got a call from a friend of yours.  A fellow named Kinsey.”
“Patrick,” I said.  “Well.  What did he want?”
“He wanted to know if you were okay.  Also, he wanted to make sure that I knew that he knew all along where you were going and what you were doing.  That’s true, right?”
“Pretty much,” I replied.  I was pondering the significance of the question as I turned and looked back at Agent Cranford.
“It’s my idea, Bill,” he said.
The car pulled to a stop.
“What idea?”
“You and Hank were acting as citizens deputized in the field.”
It sunk in.  There was going to be no backlash from all the hell we’d caused.  No charges preferred or filed.  No grand juries, no true bills, and no defense lawyers.
“Who do I have to kill?” I asked.
“Nobody,” Agent Cranford said.  “Actually, I’ve been hoping that you might help bring somebody back to life.  Or if you can’t, then let us know what happened to him.”
“McMurray,” I said.
“Right.”
I thought about it.  About Hank lying there in the hospital.  I thought about his new chance at life.  About everything he’d told me—that night at the truckstop, a life and death struggle in the dark ending in gunshots.  I thought about greed and about bottom-feeders moving around in the murky dark of a lake bottom.
“You have the tape, don’t you?”  I asked.  “You know what McMurray was trying to do to him?”
“Yeah,” Agent Cranford said.  “Right here,” he said.  He held it up for me to see.  The cassette tape had a dingy-brown label on it and Hank’s scribble across it: Creedence Vol. 2.
“Okay,” I said.  “I’ll tell you all about it.  Everything I know.”
I turned to see Sheriff Thornton looking at me from ten feet away.  He was leaning back against a Caterpillar backhoe with his arms crossed and his hat tipped up in front.
“But first,” I said.  “Let’s go solve another mystery.  A much older one.”

*****

It took a backhoe ten minutes to clear out the entrance to the tornado shelter.  When the job was done there was an eight foot pile of mud, clay, rock and manure a few yards away. 
The door was composed of rust and concrete, and while there was a large padlock hanging from one fused-together mass of rusted iron, I knew it wouldn’t take much to break through.
“Let me see that sledge,” I said.
A sheriff’s deputy gave me the handle.  I dropped down into the pit.  The men above me crowded around.
I swung once, twice.  On my second pass, the steel head connected with the padlock and the hasp and both tore free and landed in the mud at my feet.
“Crowbar,” I called up.
One was handed to me after a moment.
I slid the business end between the concrete wall and the doorway and shoved.
Nothing.
“Some help down here,” I said.
One of the sheriff’s deputies, a young fellow in his twenties, dropped down into the hole next to me.
“Together,” I said.
We both shoved on three and the there was a loud creak and an eerie, hollow echo.  The door came open an inch, two.
Up above someone wedged a two-by-four into the top of the doorway and shoved.
The door came open, pushing mud out of the way in a smooth arc at our feet.
I stepped into the cellar.

*****

“Who’s the corpse?”  the Deputy Sheriff next to me asked.
I stepped over and picked up the stacks of bills and stuffed them back into the satchel.  Zipped it up.
“I didn’t know until yesterday,” I said.
Behind us, other men crowded around.
There was a note under a layer of dust on the card table, next to a skeletal hand.
The sheriff was right there beside me.  Agent Cranford shoved his way up next to me.
“Go ahead,” I told Sheriff Thornton.  “Read it.  But before you do, take a look under that Jacket.  See if you don’t find a tin star.”
The sheriff lifted the jacket.  There, pinned to the vest underneath, was a badge.
“What the hell?”
“The United States Government has been wondering what happened to this man for the last eighty years,” I said.
“That’s a fact,” Agent Cranford said.
“What’s his name?” the Sheriff asked.
“Jack Johannsen,” I said.  “About eighty years ago this man was a United States Marshall for North Texas, and Oklahoma.”
The sheriff lifted the note from the table, blew dust from it.
“How the hell did he get here?” the sheriff asked.
“Carpin locked him in here.  Archie’s grandfather.”
“The note says:  ‘Tell my people, I died for someone that I thought was a friend.’  What does that mean?”  Sheriff Thornton was looking at me.
“It refers to a betrayal.  How familiar are you with your North Texas crime history, Sheriff?”  I asked him.
“I know a fair amount,” he said.  “But I’m always willing to learn more.”  He crossed his arms.
“Okay,” I said.  “Back in 1927 the Texas Rangers were sent into the Borger area to establish marshal law and clean up the town.”
“I’ve heard about that, all my life,” Sheriff Thornton said.
“Tell him the rest of it, Bill,” Agent Cranford said.
“They shut down the mining camp of Signal Hill and arrested about fifty men.  During those days the two most prosperous businesses in those parts was the Sheriff’s Office and the Undertaker.  It was rough, it was quite literally hell, and even the sheriff’s office was on the take, so Governor Moody sent in the Texas Rangers.  When they did, a lot of men scattered.  As you know, Sheriff, Archie Carpin owned this ranch.  His grandfather was partners with a man named Whitey Walker.  Walker and Carpin ran Signal Hill and Borger and practically the whole Panhandle of Texas.  Walker fled the Rangers and enjoyed a crime spree down in Central Texas until he was killed during a prison escape attempt.  But Carpin and his brother, they simply went home.  It looks like they brought somebody home with them.”
We all turned to regard the corpse.
“Jack Johannsen was the U.S. Marshall sent into Signal Hill to investigate rumored prohibition violations.  He never made it back to civilization.”
I reached into my shirt pocket and brought out the photo that Agent Cranford had given to me at the rest stop two nights ago.
“What’s this?”
“It’s a photo of three men.  All sitting at a table enjoying a drink.  The one in the middle is Whitey Walker.  The one on the right is Matthew Carpin.  The fellow on the left,” I said.  “I dunno, but it looks a lot like Jack Johannsen.  Him,” I pointed.  The man in the photo and the crumbling corpse in the chair were wearing the very same clothing.

*****

If I had a camera that could look backwards through time, what might I see?  In my imagination the lens on my camera irises open to reveal a row of Model-T Fords parked in front of a line of hitching rails near the entrance to a clapboard saloon.  There is a red patina from the red clay dust covering everything and an ever-present fiery glow on the horizon, north and south.  That glow is there whether it’s night or day here.  Right this minute it’s nighttime.  The air here is a fume.  I can hear shouts, catcalls, and the incidental loud pop of a firearm discharging somewhere the next block over.  In essence it is Perdition.  It is Mordor.  It is 1926 in the North Texas oil patch.
Inside the saloon three men sit at a table that is hardly big enough for the elbows of one man.  On the table is a bottle of whiskey and three shot glasses.
One of the men is used to carrying a badge, but he isn’t wearing one now.  It’s the wrong thing to possess in this place.  In the waistband of his slacks, however, is an old Navy pistol.  When he stands the whole world can see it, but right this moment he is sitting, sipping his whiskey.  The gun alone is enough to deter trouble in this place, unless of course someone knows his secret.  If that turns out to be case, then he will die the way Wild Bill Hickock died:  a bullet to the brain from behind.  He knows this.  But right now his back is to a wall and he is among men who consider him to be a friend.
The whiskey bottle is nearly drained.
One of the regulars in the saloon wanders by, says:  “Blackie, can I take youse guys’ picture wid my new camera?”
“Sure, Slick,” one of the men says.  “Go right ahead.”
Smiles fade from three faces.
“Say ‘rotgut’.”
“Rotgut,” the three men say in unison.  There is a flash of light.
“Thanks, fellahs.”
Slick waves and moves on.
The man in the middle—the one minus the badge—watches a couple of whores pass by through the window across the way from him, follows them and the sound of their laughter as they pass the front of the saloon.
When he turns back again, one of the two men beside him has a gun drawn and pointed at him.  The other man across from him pulls a piece of paper out of his pocket and lays it on the table.
“You ever drink with a dead man before, Blackie?” the man with the gun asks to his friend sitting across from him.
“Nope.  Have you, Matt?”  The man with the note says.  He begins to unfold the note.
“This is my first time, too,” Matt says.
“What you got to say about this, Jack?”  Blackie asks.
Jack recognizes the note.  Not the latest one, but an earlier note.  Maybe the latest one got through.
Jack wipes his forehead with his sleeve.  “How did you fellows know?”  He asks.
“Your friend in Dallas,” Matt says.  “He was our friend long before you ever came down the pike.”
“Goddamn you, Roger,” Jack says to the absent traitor.  “May you rot in hell.”
“Oh,” Blackie says.  “This is hell.  Right here.  And I have the feeling that our buddy Roger would get along here just fine.”
“You guys gonna kill me?  Best get to it.”
“Not yet,” Matt says.  “We’re going to ransom you first.”
And outside the window on the hard-packed and heavily rutted Main Street a dust-devil moves desultorily along, kicking up trash and sending it a hundred feet into a smoky, carbon-black sky.

*****

“I think, Sheriff,” I said, “that at the last minute Dallas Sheriff Roger Bailey had a change of heart.  Maybe he tried to get Johanssen out.  Maybe all he did was send word to the governor.  There’s a record of that, at least.  Whatever he did, though, it was too little.”
“And too late.  That’s what that means, then: ‘for someone that I thought was a friend.’”
I didn’t need to reply.  We were in agreement.
“There’s more,” Agent Cranford said.  He held out another piece of paper to me.  I took it.
It was a telegram.
“Read it,” he said.
“GOVERNOR MOODY STOP THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT DOES NOT PAY RANSOM STOP GOOD LUCK GETTING THAT BOY OUT OF THERE STOP SIGNED HH.”
Cranford must have noticed the quizzical look on my face, even in the dim light.
“H.H. stands for Herbert Hoover.  At least I’m pretty sure it does.”
The room began to feel even more close than it had when I first entered.  I shuddered.  Goose bumps stood up on my arm.
“What is it?” Sheriff Thornton asked.
“Nothing,” I said.
“Like hell.  Tell me.”
“It’s just that...  You ever been to one of those exhibits where they keep the three thousand year old mummies?”
“Naw.  Can’t say as I have.”
“If you did, you’d know the feeling,” I said.
“Okay.  Now I don’t want to know,” he laughed.  It was a nervous laugh.  “But you better go ahead and tell me.”
“It’s being trapped.  Not for seventy years, or even a thousand.  But for eternity.”
We were quiet for a bit.  The men behind us shifted around.  I heard quick whispers in the gloom.
“Yeah,” I said.  “Let’s get out of this place.  But Sheriff Thornton, I’ve got a suggestion for you.  You don’t have to do it, but I think we’ll all sleep better.”
“What’s that?”
“After all the dust settles on this thing and all the reporters go home, I’d have your backhoe operator dig out this whole thing and expose it to the open sky.”
Sheriff Thornton laughed.  It sounded better than before.
“Yeah,” he said.  “I think I’ll do just that.”
I handed him the satchel of money.
“Sheriff, you should count this, then bag it and tag it.  If the proper owner doesn’t claim this in thirty days, then it belongs to Miss Julie Simmons.”
The sheriff took the physician’s bag.
“How much is in here?” he asked me.
“Two million dollars, or thereabouts.”
“And Miss Simmons?  Is she your—?”
“Client. Yes.”
“Just what is it you do for a living, Mr. Travis?”  Sheriff Thornton asked.  I’d been waiting for the question for some time.
“I’m an investment counselor,” I said.  “For instance, say you have too much cash, or not enough and you want to—”

EPILOGUE

I had one more phone call to make.  The last call.
“Good morning, Bierstone and Travis.”
“Penny.  Bill.”
“Oh.  Good morning, Mr. Travis.”
“Penny, is Mr. Bierstone in?”
“Yes, sir.  He is.  I’m sure he will want to know how close you are in resolving his niece’s case.”
Silence.
“Mr. Travis?”
More silence.
“Mr. Travis?”
“Penny,” I said.  “Remind me to take you to lunch sometime.  Soon.”
“I’ll do that, sir.”
“‘Cause you and I really need to talk.”
“I look forward to it, sir.  Shall I put Mr. Bierstone on now?”
“Yes, thank you.  Goodbye, Penny.”
“Goodbye, sir.  And have a nice day.”
After a moment my partner’s very formal voice was there.
“Ah, William.”
“Hello, Nat.”
“Have you been taking good care of my niece?  You know, she was my sister’s daughter, God rest her soul.”
“She’s fine.  Everything’s fine.  Why’d you want me to handle her case?”
“William.  You’re a very bright lad, but sometimes you ask the most empty-headed questions.”
“I’m working on it, partner.  I’m working on it.  It’s just that sometimes I add two and two and get twenty-two.  Or twenty-two thousand.”
“Speaking of round figures, William, what happened to the two million dollars?  Have you retrieved it yet?”
“The money will be in claims for thirty days.  After that, it’s Julie’s.”
“Good.  Good job, William.  When will the two of you be returning?”
I paused.  Images of the Swiss Alps from the frosted window of a little chateau popped into my head.  A chateau I had never seen but knew had to exist.
“I’m bringing Julie and Jessica home with me in a few days, as soon as the Texas Rangers and the feds are done with her.  After that, we’re thinking about taking a little vacation together.”
“That is a wonderful idea.  I suspect the two of you have grown rather close, then.”
“You might say that.”
“There is someone here who wants to talk with you,” Nat said.
“Who is it?” I asked.
“See for yourself.”
There was a moment as the phone passed from one hand to another.  I scratched hard trying to figure out who it was.
“Mr. Bill,” a little voice said.
“Keesha!”
“Thank you, Mr. Bill.  Thank you for my new family.”
“That’s alright, darlin’,” I said.
“Mr. Bill.  I think you and Miss Julie ought to get married.”
“What makes you say that?”
“‘Cause she loves you, and you love her.”
“That’s right.  That’s right.  I’m thinking of asking her.”
“Ms. Coleeta says don’t think.  Thinkin’ is a waste of time.  Just do it.”
“Okay, darlin’.  Okay.”
“Bye, Mr. Bill.  Here’s the papers man.”
I waited.
“William,” Nat said.  “I will expect a full report when you return.”
“See you soon, Nat” I said.
“Goodbye,” he said, and hung up.

Finis

AUTHOR’S NOTE TO THE LAST CALL

To my knowledge you cannot write a novel with some basis in historical fact without maiming a few people.  I believe that every historical figure that I have pricked with my quill is now dead, but to those old ghosts who still care what is said about them, I offer my apologies and ask them to please not bother me late at night.
Governor Moody was once Governor of Texas, and certainly Herbert Hoover was once President of the United States.  Blackie Thompson was a real depression-era outlaw, as was Bryan “Whitey” J. Walker.  These two ran a notorious gang that once terrorized the Southwest.  Matthew Carpin, however, is purely fictitious, as is his grandson in this story, Archie Carpin.  Likewise, there was never a Dallas Sheriff named Roger Bailey.
All other characters in this book are fictitious, with the possible exception of the main character.  Bill, if during your ducking and dodging out there you get the chance to read this, will you give me a call?  It’s time we had a beer.
To the people of the cities of Childress and Quanah, Texas as well as El Dorado, Oklahoma, I thank you folks for your kindness to me and to my wife during our trip there.  For you folks I pray that it rains there this next year as much as it does in the pages of my book.  I think ya’ll need it.

George Wier
CAPITOL OFFENSE

A Bill Travis Mystery

GEORGE  WIER

Copyright © 2011 by George Wier

Published by
Flagstone Books

Capitol Offense—A Bill Travis Mystery

2nd Kindle Edition
December 2011

All Rights Reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior permission of the Publisher, excepting brief quotes written in connection with reviews written specifically for a magazine or newspaper.
ACCLAIM FOR THE LAST CALL

THE LAST CALL starts with a protagonist on the edge of an impending midlife crisis. Add a blond and an old friend with a fetish for high explosives, and you have the kickoff of a first-rate crime novel. George Wier writes with wit, verve, and a gut‑bucket knowledge of Texas and those who people its quirky underside.   This book does not disappoint.
—Milton T. Burton, author of Nights of the Red Moon and The Rogue’s Game.

George Wier's THE LAST CALL has it all: a great setting, characters you care about, a little Texas history, and a twisty plot that's built Texas tough.  Get it before last call!
—Bill Crider, author of Murder In the Air. 

DEDICATION

For Carlie and Joseph.

CHAPTER ONE

What’s an Austin boy (transplanted from deep East Texas, can you say Amen?) supposed to do when he finds himself deep inside a maximum security prison in Huntsville, Texas in an interview room with a kid who is facing one turned-down appeal after another before they put a series of needles into his arm that will finally do what no amount of legal deterrence could do before–stop him for good?  What’s he supposed to do when this kid nonchalantly drops a little tidbit of information that he shouldn’t know, and couldn’t know unless what he says is true?  And it’s information that may very well bring down a Governor.   Bring him down, that is, only if somebody like me is willing to push it.
What’s an Austin boy supposed to do when he stumbles across a sleeping dog like that?
Kick him?  Maybe.  That’s usually my motto.  But sometimes, when you kick him, that old dog snaps right back at you:  The current case in point.

*****

Most prisons have a drabness about them.  Inside Ellis Unit in Huntsville, Texas, the color was what could be called vomit-green beneath cold fluorescent lighting.
The building was functional, nothing more.  The room in which I sat and in which the kid paced was all concrete cinder blocks with multiple coats of paint, creating an orange peel-like texture.  Sounds bounced around in hollow places until they found a dead end, and there perished.  Like men’s dreams.
The kid smoked his third cigarette in a row, said something about how smoking would kill a fellow, then cackled madly.  I don’t smoke—well, not very often, anyway—but I’d brought in the cigarettes and the lighter so as to break the ice with the kid.
“Sometimes appeals actually work,” I told the kid.
His name was Norman Howell.  The name sounds like a good name for a painter, or possibly a millionaire.  Howell was neither.
Howell had murdered an old couple who ran a little mom-and-pop gas station out in a small North Texas backwater a little over ten years ago.  His entire “take” had been a hundred and fifty-eight dollars and a case of Miller Lite beer.  He’d been in prison and in and out of court rooms many times since that night. In Texas, committing a murder during the commission of another crime makes the murder a capital offense, punishable by death.  In Howell’s case it wasn’t the double murder that had moved the case out of the realm of simple homicide, which at the most could have drawn a life-sentence, it was the hundred fifty-eight bucks and the case of beer.  The fact that the old man reached under the counter for a shotgun bought no sympathy with the jury.  And when his wife reached for the weapon after the old man had gone down, Howell had emptied his cheap Sear & Roebuck .38 into her.  Norman Howell would have gotten off scot-free but for the presence of a cheap video camera and a hidden VCR.  You gotta love technology.
   	“Yeah,” he said into the echoing stillness, “appeals work to delay the day when they kill you.  Last time I read the Bible it said ‘Thou shalt not kill.’”
What came up quickly, and was just as quickly stifled, was my reflexive response:  So why’d you do it?  But I wasn’t there to rain on the kid’s parade.  He had enough people lined up to do that. 
I tried to shift away from Howell’s favorite subject, the one subject that was, by unanimous vote—excepting, of course, Howell’s own vote, which didn’t count—a completely moot point.  
I made with small-talk.  It was difficult at first finding just the right subject to talk about with Howell, so I chit-chatted about how I was planning a trip to West Texas in the near future, about plans to spend a few nights in the Gage Hotel in Marathon, and something about that perked his interest.
“Marathon, huh?” he asked.
“That’s right.  It’s pretty out that way.  Mountains in the distance.  Lots of room.”
“You ever seen the Marfa Lights?” he asked me.
I remembered.  A little further west from Marathon was the town of Marfa.
“Nope,” I said.  “I’ve heard of them, though.  I’m not sure what to believe.”
He laughed, stopped his pacing for a moment and looked at me.
The Marfa Lights are a bonafide Texas mystery, one of the few remaining that have not been satisfactorily de-bunked. Along Highway 67 in extreme West Texas there is a roadside viewing area where passers by may stop just after the sun goes down and full dark begins to set in and watch little balls of light move and bob about miles away in the desert. Folks would come from as far away as Europe and Japan to stand there and wait for darkness to fall over the Chinati Mountains and hope to see something.  Those little balls of light were reported as far back as the 1880s, long before electric lighting was brought into the mainstream.  The local native Indian tribes had purportedly known about them during the centuries preceding white settlement of the area.  For the Indians, the lights were the spirits of their ancestors and the valley between Marfa and the Chinati mountain range was sacred ground. During idle moments in my life, of which there have been too few, I’ve wondered about the phenomenon, but not enough to get in my car and go take a look.
“Some things you take on faith,” Howell said.
“Faith,” I said, not as a question.  The moment stretched out, became a little too surreal—the sort of feeling a person gets about half a day into an amusement park visit when it hits home that the environment is real in a completely unreal setting. 
Howell resumed his pacing and the moment passed.
And then he said it.
“I should’ve stayed with my dad and made good money blowing up gook fishing boats for Dick Sawyer.”
What?  That was my first reaction.  I didn’t ask it aloud, of course.  In such situations I try to say what I’m thinking about a couple of times in my head before blurting it out.  Sometimes that doesn’t work.  This time I barely managed to keep myself in check.
I remembered the kid’s dad.  His name was Emil (pronounced Ay-mull) Howell, and he was one of the most hateful men I had ever met.  A bigot’s bigot.  But he was equal-opportunity about it; he didn’t just hate blacks and Jews; he hated everybody.  Emil had died a year back in a fishing accident in the Gulf of Mexico.  The kid had tried to get a pass to go to the funeral but was summarily turned down by the warden.  You couldn’t have gotten me to the funeral with a posse of sheriff’s deputies and any amount of rope.  Then again, I wasn’t the man’s son.
Emil’s widow, Norman’s mother, lived in the little town of La Marque on the Houston Ship Channel.  The feeling insinuated itself down into my gut that I’d be visiting there again sometime in the not-too-distant future, that I’d be sitting there in her living room on her plastic-covered furniture and sipping her too-sweet lemonade.  I’d thus far been successful at avoiding having to see her very often and had handled trust account matters mostly by fax machine, whenever Nat dropped more responsibility for the case on my lap.  She was a nice lady and all, but to me she had a vacancy in her attic.  As the old saying goes: the lights are on and no one’s home.  I suppose that could also come from spending one’s life with a hateful partner.
I shuddered.  I had no intention of visiting Rose Howell.
I had to remember where I was and what I was doing.
None of it was my own case.  I’d been sent by Nat Bierstone, my business partner, to wrap up the last details of a trust account.  I watched the kid pace, looked at the walls around me and sniffed the stale air.  Then I understood why it was me there in the interview room instead of Nat.  Nat was no fool.
Howell dragged hard on his cigarette.
I allowed what he’d just said to percolate.  And percolate it did.
There was only one Dick Sawyer with whom I was familiar, and that Dick Sawyer was ensconced in the Governor’s Mansion next to the State Capitol in Austin.  God Bless Texas.
“Fishing boats, huh?” I said, trying to be offhand-like.  Nowadays calling someone a “gook” is a racial epithet.  I couldn’t bring myself to repeat it, unreal situation in a real environment or not.
“He was going to show me how he did it,” Howell said.  “Like he did it during the 80's.  Had to sink three of ‘em before those bastards got the message to stay off our fishing grounds.”
And then I remembered.
At the time it had made national headlines.  An image of Dan Rather’s face on a television screen flashed in my head, speaking in his practiced, mid-western no-accent.  Dan went to school at Sam Houston State, who’s he think he’s kidding with that accent?  I remembered thinking at the time.  The television cut back and forth between clips of Galveston Police sifting through piles of planks, mangled ropes and nets, and then back to Dan’s commentary.
The first sinking had occurred three weeks prior to Dan’s report and hadn’t made it past the local and state headlines.  A Vietnamese trawler out of Galveston had been blown up and sunk during the night.  A second one met the bottom of the bay in like manner ten days later, and then came the capper:  ten days later a third trawler was blown to Kingdom Come, and with it an unidentified and unidentifiable person and a large hunk of marina to boot.  In a day before such labels as “hate crime” and “domestic terrorism”, Dan did one thing right:  he nailed it by calling it “what looks to be a crime motivated by racial bigotry and hate”.  And when it got Dan’s attention, it got everybody’s attention.
Ghosts of the KKK—not gone, no, just slumbering, festering in the Texas sun—reared their ugly heads throughout the media.
A Walk Through the South Down Nightmare Lane, was the title of a short documentary of the 1950's lynching of a black man in a small East Texas town, timed perfectly and aired nationally four days after the last Vietnamese sinking.  It was the sort of stuff Texas was supposed to have been finished with long before.
The 1980's had come and gone, and to my recollection, there had never been any headlines about anyone being jailed, tried and sentenced for sinking those boats or for the murder.
And here was this kid. 
...blowing up gook fishing boats for Dick Sawyer, he’d said.
No, I hadn’t imagined it.
“Your dad was a very opinionated man,” I said.
“You got that right,” he said.  He wasn’t looking at me.  He paced the width of the small room as if he was on the deck of a fishing boat and dragged deeply once more on his cigarette.
“One thing he did right was make a man outta me.”
I kept quiet.  I didn’t want to distract him.  Maybe there would be more.  
But there wasn’t.
I didn’t have a lot to go on, I knew.  Still, from the smallest whispers in secret places, great devastation is usually wrought.  I thought maybe I’d just let this little juicy bit of information die with Norman on a gurney at the Walls Unit, anywhere from two months to two years in the future.  Sooner or later, I knew that was where he’d end up.
I also knew that sleeping dogs were for kicking.  I was sure that one day I’d regret this little character trait of mine.  However, I hadn’t driven a hundred-and-fifty miles to Huntsville to plot against the powers that be.  I had business to attend to, and it was time we got to it.
“Norman,” I said.  “It seems to me that your father had some ideas about what he wanted for you.  I think he wanted you to live a long and happy life.  I think he did his best with what he had, and this trust account in your name has to go somewhere.  If it were me, I wouldn’t hesitate.  I’d sign it over to your mother for her to live off of from now on.  Then, after that, if there’s any left over, there are some good charities that need your help. Mr. Bierstone can help with all that.  I’m just here to get this done today.”
“Aw man.  I don’t know about all that shit.  All I know is I got a date with the grim reaper.  Money don’t seem so important to me right now.  Why don’t you go back where you came from, and take your papers with you.  I’m sure you can find something to do with them.”
I kept calm.  It takes more than petty refusal and veiled insult to light my fuse.
“Okay,” I said.  “I can surely do that.  But let me ask you a question first.”
He stopped and looked seriously at me, as if he was seeing me for the first time.  I didn’t care for his cold eyes.
I plunged on ahead.
“What do you think it’s going to be like?  I mean, after they put you down.”
“What?” he asked.  Maybe he’d never thought of it before; had never framed it as a question to himself.  If it had been me, I would have spent every spare second ruminating over just that.
“You were talking about faith before.  I don’t know what you believe,” I said.  “And really, I don’t care.  It’s all the same to me.  But what if you’re floating around afterwards, you know.  Your body getting cold and you not able to get back inside it.  And you’re looking at people and thinking about things.  You know, stacking up your regrets.  What do you think that’ll be like?”
He threw the cigarette down on the floor and crushed it with the toe of his shoe.  He wore a grim expression, as if he could kill with no more than a thought.
He took two steps to the table, picked up my pen and signed his name next to the ‘X’ there.
I shuffled the next form to the top as quickly as I could without a word and he signed that one as well.  A name jumped out at me from the page:  ‘Eubantrust’.  Probably it meant Euro Bank Trust, or some such.  There was a third page, and he signed that.  I hadn’t even reviewed the papers since Nat handed them to me on my way out of the office that morning.
I stuffed the papers into my briefcase, closed it, snapped it so it locked.
I looked up at Howell.
He was staring at me.
“You did right, Norman,” I said.
“Whatever, man.  Whatever.  I’ll see you in hell.”	
I left the pack of smokes there on the table for him, but I took my lighter.
I stood and turned away from Norman Howell and rapped once on the door.  There was a grating sound as a key turned in the lock.
The door opened. 
Freedom, at least for me.
I didn’t bother to say goodbye.
Walking from the main prison gate to my car I couldn’t shake Dan Rather’s face from my mind.  I’d never met the man, but I wouldn’t mind sitting down with him over a beer and letting him in on what I’d just found out.
Probably he wouldn’t be interested.  It was just a news story from a bygone age.  Ancient history.
And old Dan likely had bigger fish to fry.

CHAPTER TWO

Three days after my return from Huntsville and the piney woods region of East Texas, I was sitting at my desk going over some paperwork and sipping my second cup of coffee when the phone range.
My office is on San Antonio Street in Austin, a strip of law, real estate, and insurance offices just blocks from the seat of state government.  The paint-peeled sign outside the old hardwood Greek Revival house says Bierstone & Travis.  Nat Bierstone—my partner and the father of one of my college roommates—is the ideal business partner.  As a rule he keeps to himself except when he has business to throw my way, usually something too involved for an ancient democrat at the limit of his forbearance with disorganized accounts.
Every now and again I could hear him puttering around out in the kitchen or flushing the toilet.  Once in a blue moon he would poke his head in my office and we’d exchange pleasantries or even discuss clients. 
I propped my Doc Martins up on my desk top and picked up the phone on the second ring.  Where the hell was Penny?  She was a good secretary, but sometimes I wondered whether or not I should invest in a punch clock.
At my left elbow I had copies of newspaper clippings from the State Historical Archives.  They don’t let anybody cart away the originals there.  In the stack there were pictures of fishing boat wreckage—pretty much the way Dan had shown us way back when, but from different angles than I recalled—and articles about the fight between the native Galvestonian fishermen and the Vietnamese newcomers.  But I had finished my reading.  If there was more to find out, it wouldn’t be from the Archives.
“Travis,” I answered.
“Well hell.  You do answer your phone.  I thought you had a secretary.”  I recognized the voice.
“She’s out.  Is this Noah?”
“Yep.”
“As I live and breathe,” I said.
I’d known Noah McPherson for some years. He worked for Capitol Review, an Austin watchdog magazine that despite a pretty rocky start in the late 1970's and meager survival through some pretty lean years during the 1980's had managed to garner for itself a modicum of respect as a real magazine.  Aside from its political slant and its occasional guerilla warfare journalism, I’d found the Review to have a genuine sense of humor.  The articles were well-written and its historical research line was impeccable.  The magazine had survived the Reagan years through Noah’s single-mindedness and sense of drive.
“What can I do for you, Noah?”
“Well, I heard through the grapevine that a certain well-established local accountant was on somebody’s short list for the Lieutenant Governor spot.”
“And who might that be, Noah?  I can tell you, it sure ain’t me.”
“Nobody said anything about you, Bill.  I’m talking about your partner.”
“Oh.  Nat?  Where’d you hear that?”
“A little birdy told me.”
“I thought you ran a magazine, not a gossip column.”
“That’s a low one, Bill.  I would have expected better from you.  So let’s say to make up for that jab, you buy me lunch?”
“Hmm,” I said.  I looked at the stack of papers beside me.  On top there was an old black and white front page news photo of a truck with a winch pulling wreckage up onto a Galveston dock.
“That, my friend,” Noah began, “is what we call in the business a pregnant pause.”
“I was just thinking, Noah—”
“Don’t do that, Bill.  Thinking is usually dangerous.”
“I know.  I know.  It’s just that I’ve got something else I’m mulling over at the moment.  It’s something you might have some insight into.”
“Oh yeah?” Noah said.  “Like what?”
“Well.  I may have run across something that potentially could turn a really big somebody into a little bitty nobody.  That’s if...  somebody were to push it.  And it’s a somebody that you so happen to love to hate.”
“Oh, well.  Put it like that, I might have to buy you lunch?”
Faith, the word came unbidden into my head.  Then I remembered a strange, amusement park-like moment when a convicted murderer was giving me a miniature sermon.
“Say, Noah.  What do you know about the Marfa Lights?”
“That’s a funny question,” he said.
“Well, it came from an odd source.”
“Bill, I guess I’ve personally read maybe fifty-thousand words on the subject.  I’ve seen lots of photos, video shots, and even swung by there during a trip to California once to check it out for myself.  What do you want to know?”
“Everything.  Nothing.  I don’t know.  Let’s save it for lunch.”
“Yeah?  Okay.  How about Las Manitas Café over on Congress?”
“Yeah,” I said.  “Sounds great.  I love Mexican food.”
“I know,” Noah said.
“Noon?” I asked.
“Yeah.  Can’t wait.”
“Okay, See you at lunch,” I said.
Noah hung up.
I picked up the article at my elbow and read it again.

*****

I sat waiting at the counter at Las Manitas Café in downtown a few blocks from Town Lake.  The place was packed.  I saw a lot of people I knew and I shook a few hands.
I was once sitting at a table there, deep in conversation with a lawyer friend of mine, and looked up to notice that Anne Richards, the former Texas Governor, was sitting at the next table  chatting away with one of Reagan’s former press secretaries.  I looked away from Anne in time to see the door open and Billybob Thornton walk in.  The place is like that.  You never know who you are going to run into.
I saw Noah wading through the crowd gathered inside the door waiting for tables.  I waved, got his attention.
“You’re looking fit,” he said after dodging through the throng.
“Thanks,” I said and took another sip of cinnamon coffee.  Las Manitas was the only restaurant where I’d ever found the stuff.  It was not on the menu—you had to ask for it.
A very pretty waitress stuck a menu on the counter in front of Noah.  Just as apparent as her beauty was the fact that she didn’t speak more than a dozen words of English.
“Iced tea,” he said.
She nodded and smiled, whisked away.
“Okay,” Noah said, “so who do I hate?”
“Alright.  What do you know about Dick Sawyer from about the early 1980s, or thereabouts?”
He whistled.  “Well,” he said.  “Damn.  I know a lot.  I just love running articles on the guy.  As much as our politics don’t match, he does help me sell magazines.  I guess the question should be ‘in connection with what?’”
The waitress came back with Noah’s tea and he ordered from memory.
“You’ve got to keep this under your hat, my friend,” I told him when the waitress was gone.
“Okay.  I can do that.”
“Remember way way back.  Hell, I guess it’s been twenty-plus years now.  Remember there were some Vietnamese fishing boats blown up and sunk down in Galveston.”
“Yeah.  One of the girls that does my wife’s manicures—her father owned one of those boats.  That’s why they moved to Austin.”
“I’ll be damned,” I said.
“Yeah.  It really is a small world.  What’s this got to do with Sawyer?”
“I think Governor Sawyer, way back before he was governor, but probably not before he wanted to be governor, paid a man to sink ‘em.”
“Sources?”
“Won’t name him.  But yeah.  I got at least one source.  The man that actually threw the switch or pushed the button, or however he did it, is dead and gone.  But his son is alive and well, for the time-being.  I don’t know if any proof could be dredged up.  But it’s sort of—”
“Interesting?”
“Yeah.  Interesting.  That’s the word.”
Our food arrived.  We dug in.
“You know,” Noah said.  “You really ought to talk to Milo Unger.”
“Who?”
“He’s written a couple of our feature articles on Sawyer. He’s a little strange.  Kind of a loner, you know.  But, the guy’s got it going on.”
“Where do I find him?”
“When you get back to your office, call me.  I’ll give you his number.  Don’t have it with me.”
“Okay.”
We munched our food.
“You know,” he said.  “They never did solve that.”
“The sinkings?  Yeah. I know.”
“Well, that too.  I’m talking about the lights.”
“Oh,” I said.  “I forgot.  The Marfa Lights.”
“I’ve read a number of in-depth articles on the Marfa Lights over the last few years.  Like I said, I took a detour way the hell out of my way one time during a trip.”
“Yeah?  Did you see them?” I asked.
“I saw them.”
“Never did that, myself,” I told him.  “Always meant to give it a try.”	
“Some people say that those lights are really just car headlights passing by anywhere from ten to twenty miles away in the desert.  I don’t know if that mystery should be solved, though.  That’s about the only tourism that little town has got, other than the fact that it’s now a fledgling art colony.”
“What do you think they are?” I asked.
“They really do move around, you know.  Disappear and re-appear somewhere else.  They oscillate through the whole spectrum and then all over again, and they bob up and down and move around.  Miles away.  Just little balls of light.”
“Car headlights?”
“Don’t think so.  Where those lights are, there’s no roads.  There’s nothing but sand and rock.”

CHAPTER THREE

That night I spent a relaxing evening with Julie and her adopted daughter, Jessica, and together we watched old movies in our den.  The three of us lived like a family.  Jessica even called me ‘Dad’.  I wanted to marry Julie, had pressed her on the subject on many occasions, but thus far I’d batted zero.
Jessica was going through a phase.  She had become enamored with Tom Cruise and Julie and I were indulgent about it.  She had a Tom Cruise poster above her bed, and magazine covers and photos tacked to her wall.  I tried not to shake my head whenever I went in her room.
That night I had nothing else going on, so I found myself dozing off during a reprise running of Legend.
Gook boats, Tom Cruise seem to be saying.
Julie nudged me and woke me up.
“Stop snoring, dad,” Jessica said, and rolled her eyes at me.
Later, when Julie and I were in bed, I tossed and turned and tried hard to get to sleep.
When I did finally cross the threshold into sleep I quickly found myself caught up in a vivid dream.
I was meeting with the warden at Ellis Unit, which was some kind of castle where they also kept unicorns.  I was there to get a temporary release for Howell to be with me when I exhumed his father’s body.  I had no idea why I would want to do such a thing, but dreams are like that.  Our experiences percolate together in our sleep and some interesting things can happen.  I guess that’s why you can’t give them too much credence.
In the dream when I visited Norman Howell, the Warden decided to come along for the ride. 
We took an elevator down a mile beneath the earth and pulled Normal Howell out of a cave in the bedrock.  He’d gone blind; two milky cataracts covered both of his irises and while I looked at him in the glow of my miner’s helmet, I couldn’t see a reason that he should come with us anyway.
Chief Engineer Scott was there, and he energized the transporter beams as soon as Norman was out of his cell and we re-appeared at the grave site.  There was a backhoe already in operation, pulling up shovelfuls of bone yard dirt.
When the casket was pulled up and finally opened, what I knew was going to happen indeed did.  Emil Howell spoke.
“Leave me alone, you niggers,” he said, the flesh around his mouth was the color of a glass of weak tea and it cracked and crumbled as he spoke.
“Mr. Howell,” I said.  “Did Dick Sawyer pay you to blow up Vietnamese fishing boats?”
“I’m taking the fifth,” he said.
“You can’t do that,” the warden chimed in.  “You’re dead.  The fifth doesn’t apply to the likes of you.”
“He can do whatever he wants to,” the junior Howell told us, his milk-water eyes tracking back and forth like a metronome.  “He’s my dad.  Here’s your fifth, daddy.”  Norman produced a bottle of Jack Daniels and put it in the coffin.  The senior Howell patted it with stiff fingers—click click click.
“That’s my boy,” Emil said.
“We’re wasting our time here,” I told the warden.
“That’s right,” Emil said.  A piece of his jaw disintegrated as we looked on.  “You won’t get any answers out of me.  The lights in the desert.”
I woke up.
That was when I knew it for sure.  I’d be following this particular white rabbit just a little further, to see what kind of hole it ran down.  In other words, it was time to put on my pointed-toed boots, because I was certainly going to be kicking some sleeping dog-hide. 

*****

The next morning I fished out the number for Milo Unger that I’d gotten from Noah McPherson and called him up.  I made a promise to stop by after work for a visit, which is why I found myself headed west toward the town of Lakeway with the sun glaring directly in my eyes.  I had never been much on sunglasses, but I vowed to get a pair.
I hadn’t been to Lakeway there in a few years.  The town is nestled around the southwestern bend of Lake Travis.  The town has the world’s largest urban deer population, and they sleep right on the lawns and take their time crossing the roads.  The local speed limit is strictly enforced in order to protect them.  It’s sort of quaint, but for my taste deer belong in the country.
Lakeway was just as I remembered it, but for a few additional new service stations, a Starbucks, and the fact that the road through town had a couple of additional lanes.
I wound my way through town down to the lake, slowed for the deer and poked on past the marinas, looking for the one described to me by Unger.  I knew he was going to be a peculiar fellow in that he didn’t seem to want to talk much over the phone, apart from Noah’s other comments about him.  I wished Noah had told me about that. 
I found it, a weather-beaten wharf a step down in upkeep from the two I’d just passed.  The boats tethered there were likewise weathered and worn. 
The sun was headed down for its date with the horizon, scattering etheric fingers of pinkish light through high cirrus clouds.
I finally saw the green Mazda Miata that Milo had described, and right behind it was his boat.
Milo lived on a large pontoon boathouse that resembled the kind I used to see out on Lake Somerville, way back in the ‘60s and ‘70s.  And yep, it was old too.
I walked up the narrow, creaking plank and onto the boat.
I heard voices, but then recognized them as TV voices.  Sure enough, there was a small satellite dish just visible back of the pilothouse.
“Halloo!”
I heard footsteps inside the cabin.  The voices stopped.  The small door opened with a whine.
The man before me was a tall, thin fellow, perhaps a week unshaven, wearing a dirty Hard Rock Café t-shirt and cutoff blue jeans.  His hair was either black or dark brown and greasy, I wasn’t sure which.
“You’re Travis, huh?” he said and extended his hand.
“Yep.  Thanks for inviting me over, Mr. Unger.”  We shook.
“Just call me Milo.”
“Okay.”
“Come on in.  Don’t mind the mess.”
“No problem.”
It wasn’t that bad.  In the dull, dim glow of a bare forty watt frosted light bulb I took in the inside of Milo Unger’s house boat.  There was little that was dirty or messy about it, but for a couple of ashtrays loaded to the gills with spent cigarette butts, some dirty dishes stacked in the small galley down a narrow hallway, and some dirty laundry scattered about.  Not much worse than my place had been back before Julie came into my life.  
“Wanna beer?”
“Sure.”
“Alright,” he said.  “Just a sec.”  He stepped back out the door to the side of the boat and pulled on a rope.  Up from the lake came a small igloo cooler suspended from the nylon rope.  He reached in and hauled out two Pabst Blue Ribbons.  It had been a long time since I’d had a Pabst.
He re-entered, handed me one.
“So.  Have a seat.”
There was only one other chair besides the one he apparently sat in to watch TV, and I took it.  Across from us was an old Panasonic television set.  I was surprised he’d ever gotten satellite reception to work on the thing.
“So you want to talk about Dick Sawyer, huh?” he asked.
“Just that I heard a little something and I’ve got to make sure it fits in.  You know?”
“Yeah.  You’re a ‘check-the-facts’ fellow.  Sounds reasonable.”
I waited.
We sipped our beers.  I heard a speed boat going by way out on the lake.  Soon we’d feel the wake pass underneath us, bob us up and down.  It had also been a very long time since I had been on a boat of any kind.
“So what’s your question?” he asked me.
I drew in a breath.  “Does anybody know what kind of interests Sawyer has or had down on the Gulf Coast?  Say, back in the 70's and 80's?”
Milo Unger looked at me.  “You know,” he said.  “It’s interesting you should ask about that.  I’ve often wondered myself just how far his interests are spread down there.  I’ve poked around myself some.  Made some passing remarks in one of my articles, but nothing that has, so far, tied him to anything... like some of the things his friends have been known to do in the past.”
“Okay.  What interests?”
“Well.  For one thing there’s the I.G.W., the Inter-coastal Gulf Waterway.  Sawyer’s father had some interests in that, in the dredging of it back during the thirties and forties when first there was this notion to connect it all up to the rest of the country’s east coast shipping.”
“Alright,” I said.  “Sounds pretty innocuous so far.”
“Yeah, it does.  Especially when you say it like that and pass over all the stuff about the convict labor and the kickbacks to politicians and how out of that Sawyer’s father helped found the Houston Port Authority, or at least helped make it what it has become today.  It’s where the family made their first cool million.  They’d be worth probably a few hundred million today.  That’s just a guess, though.”
He paused, sucked on his beer.
And then I asked the question.
“What about fishing interests?”
“The Sawyers and fishing.  It’s more like the Sawyers and longshoremen,” Unger said.
I waited.
“You know something,” he said.  “I don’t hate Dick Sawyer.  I don’t hate anybody.  There’s just no percentage in it.  I used to have a dartboard up there over the TV.”
I looked.  Sure enough, there were countless needle holes in the laminated wood-grained paneling up there, and a large round area inside it without any holes.
“You used to throw darts at his picture?” I asked.
“Yep.  Used to.  There’s that old saying, you know?  About how when you’re going to start seeking revenge, first dig two graves.”
“I’ve heard it,” I told him.
A palpable moment arrived.  One of those good long silences that you could drop an aircraft carrier into and it would have vanished without a trace.
“I don’t hate Dick Sawyer, even though my mother and father are dead because of him.”
“What do you hate, Milo?” I asked.  Don’t know why.  Just that I sort of needed to know.
He set his feet up on an old milk crate that he used for an ottoman, crossed them.
For the first time I noticed a small laptop computer leaning up against the wall next to his easy chair.  Probably where he’d written all of his articles.  On a boat you’d want to have a laptop, space being so scarce.
“Bill, I’m forty-eight years old, and I’ve already had open heart surgery twice.”  He pulled up his T-shirt to show me his chest.  Two pinkish-white lines ran down several inches on either side of his breastbone.  He dropped his shirt back down.
“I’ll tell you what I hate, Bill.  I hate ignorance.  I detest inattention to crime and greed and graft.  I can’t stand it that people won’t look at evil, and see it for what it is.”  He pulled hard on his beer, draining most of it.
I waited.  I knew there was more coming.
“Also I hate that I’ve wasted most of my life.  That it has to be so goddamned short.  But I guess it’s okay.  You know?  It’s hate itself that shortens life.  So everything that’s happened to me, I’ve pretty much been the author of it.”
I decided right then that I liked Milo Unger.
“So,” he said.  “I’ve given up writing articles on Sawyer.  I’ve quit it.  I’m working on a novel now.  Can’t let anyone read it, though.  Not ‘til it’s done.”
A cool breeze wafted in through the screened doorway.  Out in the darkening trees frogs were beginning their nightly chant.  Maybe it was an endless prayer of some sort. ‘Thanks for flies and moths, thanks for good water, thanks for little frogs.’  Something like that.  I don’t know.
“I’ve got something for you,” Milo said.  He got up, walked through the galley and disappeared down a short flight of steps.  He was back inside of thirty seconds.
“Here’s everything I have on Sawyer.”
It was a full banker’s file box.  I could see yellowing newspaper clippings, e-mail printouts, scanned and printed photographs.
“Are you going to want this back?” I asked him.
He stood there, staring off into space.  Maybe in his head he was working on his book.
“Naw.  When you’re through with it...  burn it.  I should have done it a long time ago.”

CHAPTER FOUR

We Texans are proud of our State.  Our history, our forests, wetlands, deserts, mountains, beaches, and cities, not to mention our sports teams and our celebrities.  So when I inadvertently stumbled upon the firecracker that in the right hands could be used to blow the lid off the governor’s office, I felt more than a little back-off.
I was thinking about Texas, there in my home, up on the second floor in my study as I sifted through the pages and pictures from Milo’s box and put them in neat little piles on my library table-top;  Texas like it was when I was a kid, watching the wagon’s circle beneath a larger than life Texas flag and too-bright lights at the Livestock Show and Rodeo inside the Astrodome, clapping and cheering with what seemed like a million other Texans; Texas the way I had always imagined it to be from the nineteenth century etchings in my seventh grade history book, where brave men faced down innumerable military odds and challenging landscape and somehow carved out a nation.  Back then, men were men, to quote Archie Bunker.
What had happened?  There were almost as many bullshit theories on the subject as there were on the subject of the human mind, but the only answer that seemed to make sense to me was that the twentieth century had happened.  And with it, men like Dick Sawyer had happened.
It was getting late.  I felt a warm hand on the back of my neck.  It was Julie.
“Hey,” she said.  “You’re caught up in something, aren’t you?”
“I don’t know if you’d call it ‘caught up’, babe.”
“Well,” she said.  “I haven’t seen you like this since...  You know.”  She leaned against the table, her eyes moving from mine down into the box.
“Oh,” I said.  Just three months before, Julie, myself, and an old client of mine named Hank Sterling had run off to North Texas chasing down two million dollars.  I don’t exactly welcome trouble, but sometimes it has a way of walking right on in and pulling up a chair.  Even though I never felt that my life was interesting, particularly, things have a way of happening.
“No,” I told her.  “Not exactly like that time, or at least I hope not.”  I dropped the papers that were in my hand back into the box, turned to her.  Her eyes met mine.
My woman is a looker.  Red hair and green eyes.  She’s sexy in an almost feline way.  She would have made a good Cat-Woman in the old Batman serials.
We hugged.  Kissed.  She pulled away.  The instant she did I reached for the papers again.
“These don’t look like nice guys,” she said after a moment.  I glanced over.  She had a photo in her hand.  It was blurry and old.  A black-and-white.  I hadn’t looked at it yet, so I pulled her hand over where I could get a better look.
“No,” I said.  “They don’t.”
It was a picture of Dick Sawyer in his younger days, probably about twenty or so, and he stood next to the Senior Sawyer (I never could remember his name).  There were some other guys posing with them, looking like a gaggle of goons just in from a lynching, with knowing, smirkish smiles and slitted eyes.  And in the center, squatted down and looking straight up at the camera, a cheesy grin on his face and his already balding head shining in the sun, was Emil Howell, Norman’s father.  I flipped the photo over.  On the back was written “The Posse” in black ink.
“Hmm,” Julie said. “Wonder what that means.”
“I think it means they’re not very nice at all,” I said.

*****

I’ve been known to make a good many mistakes.  Show me one person who doesn’t.  My first mistake was taking the time to sleep on it.
I woke up to a ringing phone.  I hate it when that happens.
“Hullo,” I managed to croak out.
“Mr. Travis?  Bill Travis?”
“Yeah,” I told him, whoever the hell it was.  I looked over at Julie, who was out like a light.  I wished I could sleep like she did.  Earthquake, flood, tornado.  Nothing could reach her.
“Bill.  You need to drop it.”
Drop what? I thought.  “Who says?” I asked instead.  I wasn’t awake yet enough to know what the caller was talking about.  The one thing I did recognize was that he had an accent, like he might have come from my home town back in East Texas.
“Just leave the Governor alone, stop pokin’ around, and everybody can rest easy.”
A chill went through me.  I was suddenly completely awake.
“Who is this?”
“Look, Travis.  This ain’t the movies.  You just get the one warning.  People that stick their nose in where it don’t belong are called ‘meddlers’.  It can be a capital offense.”
“Hey, wait just a damned—”
Click!
Julie’s leg moved under the covers.  Still asleep.
If you’ve ever drank a really cold glass a water too fast on a really hot day, you would know how I felt.
Sawyer knew.

LONGNECKS & TWISTED HEARTS

A Bill Travis Mystery

GEORGE  WIER

DEDICATION

For Sallie, as always.

PROLOGUE

The French ship ran toward the lowering sun.  Behind her, southeastward, perhaps forty nautical miles distant, the wall of slate gray pursued:  Hurricane.
The marauder’s master emerged from his cabin, tromped up the companionway steps to the pilot deck and raised his glass.
They had been running before the storm for a week; as if it were a bloody hunt and themselves the prey.
“Capitan,” his commander called to him.  “There is land.”
The Captain turned, raised his glass and peered through it.  There was land:  it was the familiar long and narrow strip of sand bar that an earlier Spanish explorer had named Corpus Christi, which meant “Body of Christ”, perhaps for the fact of his deliverance from just such a storm as followed.  Spaniards were superstitious.  Louis considered that it was almost a form of blasphemy itself to go around naming things after Deity.  Still...   He turned back toward the distant wall of gray.  If there was, truly, a personage—Deity himself—then he might be angry at Louis and his ship for the theft, if not the murders.
For the last six days the storm had tracked the ship and men across the Gulf of Mexico, as if consciously following every turn of the pilot.  It was enough to make a man superstitious.
The day before the storm appeared, Louis du Orly and his crew had sacked a galleon on the Spanish Main, just off the coast of the island named for the order of friars that now inhabited it:  Dominica.  They had taken five huge crates from the hold of the Spanish ship, each crate containing a treasure trove of gold and gems, and then they had burned the ship to the waterline.  Now, belowdecks, Louis had a dozen papists—the survivors of his conquest—in chains.  He would return them to France for use in an exchange of prisoners.  Perhaps his old Captain himself could be returned to him.
But the storm—some of his men thought it was the Wrath of God himself—pursued.  And France was so far away.
“Bear north,” he called.  “We will take shelter on the Brazos de Dios.”  In the Latin tongue it meant “The Arms of God”, but in truth it was little more than a wide, muddy river that emptied into the Gulf of Mexico, named such by that idiot LaSalle.  The story was that LaSalle, pursued by Indians, had stumbled upon the river, at first believing he had found the Mississippi.  He swam it, and upon the other side he sank to his knees and offered a prayer to Divinity for delivering him, thus consecrating the river in God’s name.  The Indians, more worldy-wise, had not attempted the crossing.  Perhaps they were not mere savages.  Perhaps they were wise.  The Brazos was treacherous.  If stories were true, half as many as had attempted the crossing had not made it.  There were tales of great eddys in the current that would swallow any craft lesser than a large sailing ship.  Also, there were great beasts; reptiles up to thirty feet in length that could eat a man whole.  A year before Louis had taken Le Royale up river perhaps ten miles and there had observed a great geyser of water and sand.  As he brought his ship nearer, he observed a thing that was part fish and part reptile slink into the water and disappear.  Through the course of his life Louis had found that legends, by and large, were not true.  However, such stories were usually based upon some fact—some thing, however idiotic, and usually mis-observed.  He would not himself have believed the animal existed if he had not seen it.  Yes, the Brazos was treacherous.  But there was greater danger from sandbars, from the Indians, from disease and ignorance than there was from legendary dragons.
The Brazos was the only navigable river within range.  It was his only option.
The storm followed them, as if driven by diabolical intelligence.  An intelligence with a taste for revenge.
Perhaps Satan, then.  Louis could never bring himself to put his faith in a benevolent Deity.  A malevolent one, though, was more realistic given the nature of life.  Regardless, he would have to drive Le Royale far up river to escape, and all the while the storm would be bearing down hard upon them.  Sailing upriver through the meandering channel would take time, and time was a luxury he could ill afford.
It was the year of the Christian Savior 1673.  The whole world was being swallowed up by Christianity, or so it seemed.  Louis had narrowly escaped heresy charges himself by going to sea at the age of fifteen.  His parents had been Huguenots, both slaughtered during the Purge when he was just a lad of eight.  He had grown up under the uncertain guidance of his mother’s brother.
Louis had been outspoken and willful.  He did not believe in the Christian God, and had forever refused to take part in worship.  He was one of a select few who had no God except his own ability to make his way in the world and do more than survive; Louis du Orly would commit the greatest blasphemy of all:  he would flourish and prosper or die in the attempt.  Thus far in his life he had found no middle ground between these two extremes.
From the seaport at Brest he entered the merchant employ of a garrulous shop-keeper, Simone Le Blanc, who while engendering Louis’ loyalty would later sell his contract to a trading company that was set to sail for the New World.			
And here he was, a hold laden with the ripest fruit of the New World—gold—and he was running like the coward he was certain his men now thought him to be.
“Monsieur Le Fitte,” he called to his mate.
“Capitan?”
“I am about to do something.  Something untried.  If any ill befalls me, you are to take command.”
“Oui,” the young man replied, fear etched into his features.  “What are you going to do?”
“I am going to make a pact with the Devil,” Louis said.  He turned from the quizzical gaze of his officer and looked toward the sandbar.
They were short of the bay by perhaps a hundred miles.
His eyes tracked back to the storm.
It would be close.  Far too close.
He was twenty-five years old now, and had spent the last seven years of his life terrorizing the Spanish on the high seas.  His Lettres du Marque gave him license in the name of the King to burn, pillage, and sack the Spaniards’ ships.  Just now the Dutch and the English, aside from his own shipmates, were his only friends.
Louis smiled and turned his eyes from the coming hurricane toward the steps down into his ship.  He shut the gentle salt breeze outside behind him and plunged into the darkness belowdecks.
There on his desk was the chest, its gold framework limned with a shimmer of dying sunlight from the port window.
It had taken him days to work out the intricate lock.  The pick tools, most of them garnered from among the crew, lay scattered across the desk.  From memory he made quick work of the lock, and at the small snik sound, lifted the lid.
It lay inside upon a tiny mattress of fleece.
He reached in and withdrew the cold object and turned it about in his hand, his eyes roving over it, looking for any seam, any mark that might betray its maker or its manner of manufacture.  There was none.
The object was in the shape of a wish-bone, no more than twenty inches high, and heavier than any normal metal, including gold itself.  He had discovered its purpose by accident on their third day of flight from the storm.  It had been beneath his coat, its bluish, smooth metal against his shirt, when he went down into the hold to inspect the treasure.
Before he could remove his key from his breeches, he felt the tugging.
This object of the Aztecs was pulling toward the door, as if it hungered.  It came free of his shirt and pressed hard against the inner lining of his coat, tugging, shifting.
Louis had backed away from the hold door carefully, and as he did the tugging diminished, slowly.  “Gold,” he had thought.  “It hungers for gold.”
Later, sitting at his desk, he had watched the closed chest that contained the object.  He had waited and thought on it while he waited.  
If word of the thing were to spread among the Spaniards, they would come for him.  They would track him to the ends of the Earth and seize it.
And it had whispered to him that same terrible night:  I hunger, Louis.
Later that night he had awakened from a fevered dream and stood for an hour regarding the chest, waiting for it to speak again.
And now, this day, with the hurricane almost on top of them and the men in fear, Louis du Orly reversed himself along the passageway and emerged again upon the deck.
He strode to the foredeck of the ship.  The men there stopped their work to watch him.
Louis du Orly lifted the object to the sky.
Overhead the slate gray clouds banked as if they were a mountain about to tumble down upon them.  The cloud bank heaved forward with each passing moment with the weight of the great storm behind it.
“Hear me!” he du Orly cried.  “Hear me storm.  Hear me God.  Hear me Satan!”
The men stood still, their mouths open and their eyes wide as their captain shouted towards the sky.
“I command you to deliver us!”
The lightning bolt flicked to him faster than the eye could travel.  It danced and wove through the object, his arms, his brain, and then exited his left boot.
He fell, and for a time knew no more.

*****

Louis du Orly awoke with a metallic taste in his mouth and a powerful thirst.
He sat bolt upright from his bed.  Outside the wind howled and the rain peppered the port window.
Le Fitte was by his side.
“Where are we?” Louis asked.
“On the Brazos de Dios.”
“Safe?”
“The hurricane is here.  We have lost two men.”
“How long?  How long was I asleep?”
“Two days.”
“Two?”
“Oui.  I feared for your life.”
The ship swayed and rocked, driven hard by the wind and rain.  Louis tried to sit, but his lieutenant push him gently back down.
“Rest, Capitan.  Please.  We will need you, once we survive this.”
Louis nodded and laid his throbbing head back onto his feather pillow.
“How far?  How far upriver?” he asked.
“A hundred miles.  Possibly more.”
“Impossible,” Louis exclaimed.
“We have not once had to tack against the wind.  The river is wide and deep and the way has been clear.  It is a miracle sent from—  It is a miracle.”
“Where?  Where is the blue bone?”  Louis asked.
“In the chest.”
Louis’ eyes turned toward the table, and as he did, a lance of sheer pain went through his skull.  The chest was there.
“Locked?” he asked.
“Even so.”
Louis felt unaccountably tired.  His strength ebbed away quickly.  He gripped his lieutenant’s hand, fought to gather his thoughts to say something, something important, he felt, but as he grasped for it, it fled.  And darkness descended upon him again.
“Rest, mon Capitan,” Le Fitte said.
Du Orly snored softly.

CHAPTER ONE

It seems there is never a good time for anything to happen in life, good or bad.
For instance, I was in a courtroom about to hear the closing arguments in a lawsuit between a friend of mine and the guy who had rooked him out of a neat hundred-thousand bucks when I got the word that my best friend from childhood had been killed.
Bradley Fisher and I had known each other from second grade straight on through.  I never had a brother, but if I had I don’t know that he could have been any closer to me than Brad had been.  Once.
I’d had a feeling of intense wrongness from the moment my head hit the pillow the night before.  That feeling had intensified in my dreams and I had awakened covered in a cold sweat around three-fifteen in the morning, that time when the night seems to be its darkest and the hope of any light is a world removed.  I’d read once that three-fifteen is the witching hour.  I never knew any witches to confirm it, but still, it’s an hour that’s best slept through.  Somehow I had gotten back to sleep, nuzzling into the warm, slumbering cocoon that is my wife.
Trial had resumed at nine as if the night had never occurred.  But my usual slim breakfast had turned into a ball of nervous lead around nine-thirty and despite the fact that I had my head in the very serious game that was unfolding before me, the sense that something, somewhere, had gone south stayed with me.
My pager vibrated.
I don’t normally carry a cell phone or a pager, but Julie was scheduled to deliver at any time and if all went well I’d be a father.
Somehow I knew that the oppressive and disquieting feeling of wrongness had nothing to do with Julie or the baby.
I jumped in my seat.  The vibration in my pants pocket felt like an electric shock—as if I’d touched a live wire.  I fumbled in my pants pocket, attempting to look nonchalant.
A row ahead of me, just past the inlaid wood barrier between the public and the court, my friend looked over at me with a puzzled expression on his face.  I used my face to try to convey a shrug.  It worked.  He nodded once, giving me an “Okay.”
The ‘979' prefix on my pager told me at once that the number was from back home; Bryan, Texas, my hometown, or at least within the same area code.
My throat went dry.
It was Brad’s home phone number.
The judge looked at me.  He had a practiced, concerned look on his face.
I shook my head:  Nothing.
“I gotta go,” I whispered.
The Judge nodded.

*****

“Hello?”  It was Mary Jo, Brad’s wife, who answered the phone.
“Mary Jo.  It’s Bill.”
“Oh God.  Bill.  Brad’s dead.”
I felt the blood drain out of my head.  Suddenly I was leaning against the smooth travertine blocks that made up one of the walls outside the court room.  I tried to say something, but I had no breath.
“Bill.  I’m so sorry—” Mary Jo choked down into heavy sobs.
Somehow I managed to breathe.
“What happened?”  I asked.
“I knew they were going to kill him.  I tried to tell him.  But Brad doesn’t— didn’t listen to me.”
“Mary Jo.  It’s not your fault.  Brad never listened to anybody.”
It was true.
I recalled an instance where Brad hadn’t listened.  Back around early 1990 Brad had called me up in a frenzy to get me in on the ground floor with him in what would later be called the Junk Bond market.  He invested eighty thousand dollars, the bulk of his inheritance from his father, and sat back and waited for it to turn into a cool million.  I did my best to warn him off of it without making him wrong or thoroughly raining on his parade.  I’d wanted him to hold back.  To try ten thousand first, or maybe five.  He wasn’t having any of it.  I’m not even sure he heard me.  There are no dreams quite like golden dreams—money falling from the sky like pennies from heaven.  And there was no way that Brad was going to let the dream walk on by.
When the bottom fell out of the junk bond market I called him up, hoping that I wasn’t too late.  I’d had the disturbing image in my mind of my best friend holding a gun to his head and pulling the trigger.  But Brad was alright.  It was okay for me to breathe easy.  You live and you learn.  “Don’t ever worry about me, Bill,” he had said.  “I’ll always be here.”
Except he wasn’t.  Not anymore.
“Bill?”  Mary Jo said.  I could hear the concern in her voice.  She’d just lost her husband and here she was worried about me.
“Don’t worry about me, Mary Jo,” I told her.
“That’s what Brad always told me.  Don’t repeat him, Bill.”
“Okay,” I said.  “I’ll try not to.  But it’s hard.”
“Bill, I know who did this.  I know who killed him.”
“Okay, Mary Jo.  I’m coming.  Right now.”

*****

Outside the Travis County Courthouse I walked the block over to where I parked my Mercedes during the trial.  Along the way I called Julie.
“How you feeling, darlin’?” I asked her.
“I’m fine.  Why aren’t you in the trial?”
“Baby, I just got some bad news.  My old running buddy, Bradley Fisher— his wife paged me while I was in Court.  Brad’s dead.”
“She called me and I gave her your pager number,” she said.  “She didn’t sound so good but she wouldn’t tell me anything.”
“I was wondering how she got my number.”
“She just said it was an emergency.  I’m sorry baby,” she said. “Are you going to be okay?”
I thought about it.  I suppose I had to be.
“I’ll be alright.  It’s a bit of a shock, is all.  Brad and I have been drifting apart for some year.”
“And now he’s gone,” she said.
“Yeah.”
“You need to take off, don’t you?”  I could hear it in her voice: the certainty of someone who knows me like no other could.
The baby was due any time.  I couldn’t not be there by her side when the time came, whenever that was.
“Bill?”
“I’m here,” I said.
“I’ll be fine,” she said, reading my mind, as always. “Go, okay?  Just go.”
“I’ve got to be here when you deliver,” I said, my throat feeling dry.
“You will be.  Just no more hanging from blimps, no more shootouts.  You got that?”
“Baby.  We don’t even own a gun.”
“I know.  But somehow guns seem to find you.”
“Yeah,” I said.  She was right.  “I know.”
“How did he die?”
“Mary Jo told me that somebody killed him and that she knows who did it.  Beyond that, it’s why I’m going.  I simply don’t know.”
“And you need to.”
“Need to know?” I asked, but then realized Julie was anticipating me, as usual.  “Yeah.  I suppose I have to.”

CHAPTER TWO

There’s an old saying:  “You can’t put your foot into the same river twice.”  Time is like that.  You turn around and look where you were looking just a few seconds before, and something will have changed, just in that short interval.
With my home town the change this time was bone deep, and while my toes hadn’t been back in these waters for some time, still I was expecting... well, home.
I’d passed through the burgh a few times in my comings and goings across Texas in the years since I left high school.  During those previous infrequent trips I had noted that other than the new civic buildings, the new strip malls and retail outlets, and the obvious expansion outward into areas of the county that I had once considered the untracked wilderness, the changes had been superficial.  It was the same town.  There had once been a Perry’s Department Store on Bryan Street—gone now.  But the Dairy Queen still doled out the ice cream and “hunger-buster” hamburgers, and the Baptists still had the market cornered on the local soul harvest.  In these respects all was right with the world because home was, to this degree, still home.
But then a very unhome-like event occurred.
Red and blue flashed in my rearview mirror.
I was being pulled over.
Fine, I thought.  Welcome back.

*****

“License and registration, please,” the policeman said.  He had a stone face.  I was willing to bet he’d spent hours at a time practicing it in a mirror until he had it perfect.  You could have used a chisel on his face and broke the thing.
“Sure,” I said.  I fished out my license and the registration and handed them over to him with a calculated nonchalance.
He took them, glanced at the registration and stood unmoving, looking at my driver’s license.
“I’m from Austin,” I said.  “My best friend died and I’m in town to pay my respects.”
“My condolences,” the policeman said.  If he meant it then I had complete lack of insight into human character. 
“Say,” I said.  “Why’d you stop me?  Did I do anything wrong?”
“Ran a red light,” he said, trying to drill little holes into me with his eyes.
“I turned right on red.  I came to a complete stop.  Looked, then turned.  Not trying to argue or anything, but you know that’s what happened.”
“You don’t know anything that I know,” he said.
He looked back down at my license.
“Is this your correct address?” the policeman asked, his eyes moving back and forth from me to my driver’s license.
“Yes,” I said.  I normally reserve “sir” for people I have actually found respectable, or for dignitaries like the Governor.  Thus far I’d found nothing about the guy to respect.
“Travis, William.  Wait here, William.”
“It’s Bill,” I said.  I looked at his name tag.  It read “H. Leonard.”
“Bill, huh?  Are there any other assumed names you answer to?”
“No, Officer Leonard,” I said.  “It’s not an assumed name, it’s my name.  Bill—William. William—Bill.  Like Hank for Henry.”  I yawned.  Yawning usually works best with his kind.
“I know what a nickname is.  Any other assumed names, Bill?”
“No,” I said.  I was long past tired of the guy.
“Wait here.”
I waited.
He was in his cruiser behind me for all of ten minutes.  I glanced in my rearview mirror from time to time.  What the hell was he doing?
Officer Leonard returned.
“Mr. Travis,” he said, handing me my license and registration.  I took them.  “I’m going to do you a favor.”
I didn’t even have to think about it.  “That’s not necessary,” I said.
“Still, you’re going to accept this favor.”
“Okay, what is it?”
“You’re going to start up your car.  You will turn right at the next intersection.  You will turn right again at the very next stop sign.  When you come to the next stop sign you will turn left.  You will proceed back in the direction from whence you came, not deviating.  I will follow you until you have crossed the Brazos River bridge from Brazos County over into Burleson County.  Go back to Austin, Mr. Travis.”
“You’re running me out of town, huh?  Why?”
He leaned toward me.
“Mr. Travis.  I firmly believe that you would be better off not exploring the alternative.”
“Fine,” I said, not missing a beat.

*****

It’s an eighteen-mile drive through relatively flat river-bottom countryside west from Bryan to the wide and muddy waters of the Brazos River.
In the last two miles I had to restrain myself from speeding.  My toes itched.
Also, I was hopping mad.
I thought about Brad and about Mary Jo; Brad as I had remembered him with a toothy grin on his craggy face, and Mary Jo as I would probably find her, trying to smile and be her warm and courteous self even as the tears rolled down her face.
As I approached the bridge I glanced up in my rearview. Officer H. Leonard slowed down and moved off the road.  Probably he’d sit there for a good half hour or more and wait to see if I turned back around and crossed again.
Fine, I thought.  
I’ve been know to be a tad single-minded.  Some might call it stubbornness. 
Two miles down the road I took the turn-off south onto a highway that I knew followed the course of the river for fifteen miles to a four-way stop.  I rolled down that highway pushing ninety-five. A left at the four-way and I was back in College Station, Bryan’s twin city.
There was more than one way to come home. 

CHAPTER THREE

I was back in town and beginning to seethe a little less.
I made a quick cell phone call and got Julie.  She was fine.  She didn’t want me to worry about her.  Do what I had to do, stay for the funeral if I needed to and for as many days as I needed after that, then get back to Austin.  I told her I’d try to commute back and forth as needed.  She loved me.  I loved her.  The baby was taking her time.  I could understand it.  If that was me in there, I wouldn’t want to leave either.
I passed by Texas A&M University, which had now spread itself out into the old cow pastures west of the main campus, and the college appeared to be bursting at the seams.  Not that there was ever a time it wasn’t.
A campus policeman passed by me.  I looked down at my speedometer.  I was just under the limit.  We ignored each other, and that was a good thing.
I turned and skirted the campus heading south and paralleling the railroad tracks and the main campus loomed on my left.  College kids crossed the road on foot and bicycle, not even looking up at the traffic. 
I may have been watching for all the changes in the city of my rearing, but I was also attempting to avoid certain painful thoughts.
There is nothing like losing someone close to you to remind you of your own mortality.  I’m not usually a morose fellow.  I’m generally too busy to take notice that the days, months and years are flitting past me.  That’s how I’ve always lived:  stay busy, keep moving, and stick to the program.
Lately, for me, the program had been not engaging every little invitation to disaster that came rampaging my way.  Me, I’m a mild-mannered financial consultant.  Well, maybe not so mild-mannered, at least according to my wife.  It was the world of trouble outside my insular little world that seemed to want to bust my door down, and far too often.  The previous fall I’d had a run-in with a latent insurgent Republic of Texas revolutionary group that had come very close to assassinating the Governor of Texas.  Somehow I’d gotten out alive.  I don’t know how I did.  About all I can say is that I was still breathing afterwards.
The last few miles to Brad and Mary Jo’s house I spent introspectively, thinking about the ghosts of good times past, and more than a few not-so-good times.
I thought about Brad.  I’d known him since the two of us were kids.  There was one occasion that usually sprang up when I thought very long on the subject of Brad.  When we were kids we used to pick up extra spending money by shoveling horse manure at a quarter-horse stable near my family home.  We mucked out stables and kept the horses watered and put them on the walker—all sorts of things.  The time I was thinking about, Brad wanted to ride an old brood mare named Daisy—a horse that us kids had not-so-affectionately renamed “Hell Bitch”.  That day Hell Bitch was fine during the curry-combing and hoof-cleaning, didn’t nip at us with her huge teeth as we put a blanket on her and cinched a saddle into place.  But the instant that Brad got in the saddle she took off.
He tried to rein her in, but she was too much horse for him.  He ended up getting pitched off at a full gallop right onto a barbed-wire fence.
It wasn’t pretty.  I had thought at the time that he was a goner.  Before his ride I had entertained the notion that I might ride Hell Bitch.  After that, we mutually agreed to give her a wide birth.  Daisy didn’t get much grooming after Brad’s run-in with the fence.  All told it took twenty-six stitches to put him back together interspersed between his left clavicle, his right arm, and a spot just below his belt but thankfully above his groin.  As I saw it he wasn’t just lucky to have kept his baby-making packaging—he was fortunate to still be able to breathe, or what’s more, walk.
As many rough scrapes and tight places as I had been in, Brad had me beat by about a factor of ten.
And there I was all of a sudden—pulling into his driveway.
Bradley wasn’t home.  He would never be home again

CHAPTER FOUR

All of Mary Jo’s tears had dried, and seeing me at her front door did not at once set her off again.  She hugged me, squeezing me tightly.
“Bill, you’re the first one here,” she said.
“Who else is coming?”
“Brad’s brother, Freddie.  That’s about it for now, as Brad’s parents are dead and it was just the boys.”
“Sure.  I remember Freddie.  We never got along, though.”
“I know,” she said.
I followed Mary Jo into the house.  The place had not changed much since they were married.  It was her house.  Mary Jo had a little money of her own.  She was frugal with every dime that came her way; a complete opposite from Brad in that respect, but in all others they matched up fine.
She took me into the kitchen, chattering all the way, avoiding the main topic.
“Coffee?” she asked.
“Yes,” I said.  “Lots.”
“Good.”  The coffee was already made.  Probably she’d done it out of habit.  Brad usually had a cup when he came how from work.  She poured two cups and set them down by me at her kitchen table.  I watched the steam boil off of it.
She sat down at my right elbow, crossed her arms on the table and looked at me.  She had such beautiful eyes, and right then they were full of inexpressible sadness and grief.  I didn’t know whether to grab her and hold her or start crying myself.  She was such a fine woman.  I hoped that Brad knew what he was leaving behind.
“Mary Jo, who killed Brad?”  I asked after a few unbearable minutes.
She almost lost it for a moment.  She bit her bottom lip and held her head erect.  I could tell she was fighting to keep it together, and doing a damn fine job of it.
“Officially, it was an accident,” she said, her voice clipping off the words.
“Tell me what happened.”
“Bradley told me a week ago that if anything happened to him that he wanted me to pack my bags, put up a For Sale sign on the house and run off to Florida, or Maine, or anyplace but here.  He knew, Bill.”
I waited.
“He knew.  I didn’t want to believe him at first, but I saw that he had changed.  He never smiled anymore.  He never laughed...”
“Mary Jo,” I said.  “If someone hurt Brad, I need to know who and how.”
“I wanted to call you.  I told Brad I was going to.  He got mad.  It was the first time he ever raised his voice to me.  He told me ‘No!’ emphatically.  I was not to call you no matter what.”
And then she did it.  She broke down, burying her head in her enfolded arms on the kitchen table.  I wanted to reach out to her, to touch her and reassure her.  But there was no reassurance I could give.  I made out the words “should have” and “why didn’t I” amidst her sobs.
“Mary Jo,” I said, pressing gently.
“It’s my fault,” she sobbed the words out.
“No,” I told her.  “You could never have hurt Brad.  It’s not in your nature.”
I let her go on, wishing all the while that I could be a thousand miles away.  I don’t like to see a woman cry.  Through hard experience, however, I have discovered that it’s always best to let a person feel what they’re feeling.  It’s when you resist it that real problems develop.
She wiped her eyes on her sweater.
“He was running a work crew,” she began.  “Not the crew he had trained, but a different crew.  He hated his job, and I hated that he kept working at a job that he hated, but I could never tell him anything, you know?  Yeah.  You do know.”  She picked up her coffee cup and sipped at it.  I followed her example.  It was good coffee.
“From what Mike Fields tells me—and Mike was the only guy at CTL&P that Brad trusted, although I can’t see why—Brad got hit with about ten thousand volts when he went into a satellite station that had detected a power drain.  Other than that, I don’t know.  They won’t let me see his body, Bill.”
I got an unpleasant image in my head.  A picture of Brad’s body convulsing as his clothes and skin and hair caught on fire.  I shook my head, trying to wipe the image out of existence.
“Mary Jo, there might not be much of his body left.”
She looked up at me, her eyes wide open now and aware.
“I know,” she said.  “But until I see something, none of this will be real.”
“Yeah.  I know,” I told her.  “Who wanted to kill Brad?”
“Why, the company, of course.”

*****

Brad had gone to work for Central Texas Light and Power some fifteen years before.  He had worked his way up to foreman after two years, then to supervisor.  I was never sure how the chain of command worked in such outfits, but I knew that Brad’s having only a High School diploma had kept him from rising to the very top.  I knew—and certainly Mary Jo and Brad himself knew—that he had acquired more knowledge about engineering from personal study and deep interest than the professors in college who taught the courses.  But also I knew that in this country it’s the sheepskin that counts.  It’s paper that, in the final analysis, is more important than people.  You can’t even die properly unless your paperwork is done.
It took a little longer to drag the rest of the story out of Mary Jo.
From what I gathered, Brad had never given her a “why”.  What she was able to tell me was a “who”.  A name.  The guy who ran the show over at CTL&P.
When she first told me the name it stirred some of the cobwebbed furniture around in the back of my mind; that place reserved for almost useless yet unpleasant memories.
Terry Throckmorton, she had told me.
The name was familiar to me, but at the moment I couldn’t place it.  I could neither get a face to go with it, nor could I connect it directly with any single event from my former life in that town.  But it was significant, and I felt an old, familiar chill coming home to roost in my stomach.
I asked her if she felt like she was in danger, if she needed to take some measures—lock up the house and get out of Dodge for awhile as Brad had suggested.
The answer was “No.”  There would still be a memorial service, even if the locals wouldn’t give up Brad’s body in time for a proper funeral.  There was Brad’s brother to think about, and his friends, like me.  Come hell or high water she would give him a proper send off.
I found myself admiring her.  Her fortitude and pluck.
“Do you have any protection here?” I asked her.
“I’ve got Brad’s shotgun behind the front door and a pistol in my top dresser drawer.  Both are loaded.”  She looked at me.  “I know how to shoot, Bill.”
“Oh.  Alright.  But shooting and killing are two different things.”
“My father took me hunting with him when I was growing up.  I think he wanted a boy, but what he got was me.  If I can kill an innocent deer, I can kill a man who’s trying to kill me.”
“Good,” I said.  “I do hate the idea of you being alone just now, but I’ve got to go.”
I stood up and Mary Jo stood with me, puzzlement on her face.
“Where are you going?” she asked me.
“I need to talk to Mike Fields.  Mary Jo, Julie may be going to deliver any time now.  I can’t tarry long.  I’ve got to find out what I can and head back.”
Several emotions played across her face at once—flick flick flick.  Fear, surprise, and then a smile which turned into a knowing grin.
“That’s oh so wonderful, Bill,” she said, and walked me to the door.  “Oh! I forgot to tell you.  I told Mike that you were on your way from Austin.”
“Why did you tell him, Mary Jo, if you think he’s somehow involved in Brad’s... uh, case?”
“Because,” she said.  “I wanted to scare him.”
“Why should he be afraid of me?” I asked.
“You’ll see.”
“Yeah,” I said.  “I think I understand.  How well do you know Mike?”
“He’s spent so much time over here I’ve thought about charging him rent.  And just about every time that Brad got distracted for more than a minute, Mike would hit on me.”
She easily read the expression on my face.
“No, Bill.  I’d never do that.  And I didn’t.  I wasn’t attracted to him anyway.  And I’d never hurt Brad.
“Fine,” I said.
“Mike and Brad would get into these contests of who could kill the most longneck beers in an evening.  But Brad usually won.  I suppose I hated Mike for that.  Otherwise, I don’t think Brad would ever drink alcohol. Would have, I mean.”
I held her screen door open, one foot on the front porch and one inside the front door.
“In fact,” I began, “I was a little surprised Mike wasn’t here when I arrived.  I knew that he and Brad were good friends.  I don’t see how he could have passed up the opportunity to be near you.  You know, on pretext.”
“I told him not to come,” Mary Jo said.  “I may have been a little too strong with how I said it, but I didn’t want him near me.  Especially—”
 “Does Mike know anyone at the Police Department over in Bryan?”
“Well...  Yes.  I think so.  I think his father is the Chief of Police.”

CHAPTER FIVE

I like things nice and neat.  For some reason I never seem to get them that way.
First, somebody didn’t want me in town, and given the information I’d just gotten from Mary Jo, that person was either Mike Fields or his father, the Chief of Police.  Second was the fact that neither Mary Jo nor I had seen Brad’s body.  I put that about number two on the agenda.
So first was to drop in on Mike Fields, Brad’s longneck buddy.

*****

Mike Fields and I had a bit of a history.  In Junior High and High School he’d been a bully, the kind who kicks kids’ chairs out from under them in the cafeteria or who goes out of their way to find the geekiest kid around and cajole them into taking a swing at him and then punching their lights out.  When I was in my mid- and late-teens, I had an average build and quick wit.  Also, I’d taken kick-boxing lessons for a full summer between eighth and ninth grade just for the hell of it, so I had enough confidence to stand my ground when guys like Mike came around.  One evening I found myself waiting for my father to pick me up after school.  There was no one else around until I turned to see Mike leaning against a low concrete wall not thirty feet away.
“What’re you looking at?” he asked me.
“I just wanted to see what a class clown looks like outside of class,” I replied.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” he asked, shifting forward into a fast walk in my direction.
“Just a little IQ test,” I said.  “I wanted to see if you knew when you were being insulted.  Looks like you passed.”
His walk turned into a run.  I stood there.  At the last moment I stepped to the side, stuck my leg out, caught his back with a hard shove and watched him plow up ten inches of grass and sod with his face.
About that moment my father pulled into the parking lot.
I walked over and climbed inside the family car.
“What’s his problem?” my dad asked me, gesturing towards Mike Fields, who was trying to gain his feet.
“Some people like to eat grass, I guess,” I said.
“Oh,” my dad replied.

*****

I stopped at a local Quicky-Mart, gassed up my Mercedes, and borrowed the store’s phone book.  Mike Fields had a listing.  I jotted down the address, and even as I did, that action seemed familiar to me; as if I had written down the address before.  A long time ago, maybe.
Back in the car, wending my way through familiar streets and main thoroughfares, I pegged the sensation that was gnawing at me.  It was that Mike Fields lived on the upper middle-class side of Bryan on the exact street where a girl I worshipped back in my High School days used to live.  Back then, about the time I left Bryan for my first semester at Sam Houston State in Huntsville, I had persuaded myself that I’d never again find myself on that same street.
So much for that wish.

*****

The sun was climbing down the back side of the sky and undulating shafts of fading sunlight played through willow and pin-oak trees and danced upon well-manicured lawns.  I had arrived in the land of the status-conscious.  There was a fine cool breeze blowing and I had the windows down on my old Mercedes.
I slowed and looked at a couple of mailboxes and front curbs with painted house numbers until I had a bearing on which side of the street the house was on and how far away it was.
I sailed down another two blocks.
Sure enough, it was the same house as my old High School flame.  Hence the old rhetorical question”  “What are the odds?”
There was an uneasy feeling in my gut.
I realized I was sweating, but it was a cold sweat.

*****

“Bill?  Bill Travis?”
“Hello, Heidi.”
“My God, I haven’t seen you in... forever.”
She looked good.  There were tiny crowsfeet at the corners of her eyes, the sure sign of the passage of years since her youth.  Back in high school she had been on the wispy side—just a thin slip of a girl and not “pretty” in the conventional sense, but to a certain Byronic high school kid she had borne a sad beauty.  The sadness was still there even as she smiled at me.
“Come in, Bill” she said.
“Are you Mrs. Fields now?” I asked her as she led me into the heart of her home.
When I was younger I had fantasized about being inside the place, had dreamed up furnishings and wall hangings and placed them just so.  Heidi’s home on the inside was nothing like what I had imagined.
“Yes.  Do you know Mike?  He never mentioned that he knew you,” she said.  “I would have remembered.”
The Fields’ tastes ran to nineteenth century antique.  A large foxhunt mural hung in the living room area, a room that looked un-lived in—a place to sit guests down and chat; nothing more.  The furniture was imitation Queen Anne, enough to appear pretentious, if not uncomfortable.  It was all crushed velvet and old leather and yet still had that unused feel about it.
“Mike and I know each other.” I said.  “Heidi, do you remember Bradley Fisher?”
“God yes.  Mike told me about that.  He and Brad were pretty close.”
“How close?”
The question had the affect of a small slap.
“They were weekend drinking buddies.  That’s the only thing I never liked about their friendship.  I’m not sure who was worse.  I mean... who was the bad influence on whom, if you know what I mean.  How’s Mary Jo taking it?”
I took a seat on a tawny-colored leather sofa, and she sat across from me in a wing-backed chair.  She crossed her legs.  Heidi looked nice in form-fitting blue jeans and white sweater.
“About as well as can be expected,” I told her.  “Her husband is dead, and she thinks somebody killed him.”
I waited.  Let the news sink in.
Truth to tell, at one time I had been deeply in love with the woman in front of me.  When a young man reaches the chasm that lies between adolescence and manhood he can find the gulf to be far wider and the depths to be far deeper and darker than he ever could have imagined.  And smack dab in the middle of that narrow bridge is usually the ghostly figure of a young woman on her way to adulthood.  But Heidi’s bridge and my bridge never truly intersected.  She had passed me by.  Close, but nonetheless gone.  Instead of befriending her I’d asked her out one fine day before lunch near the end of our junior year of high school.  She demurred.  I was crushed.  I spent the next several months acting like a wounded hound dog, too pathetic to shoot and little good to anybody.  Then, one day during the summer I woke up.
I had spent that summer between junior and senior year mowing lawns, edging around tombstones in outlying cemeteries with an old weed-eater, and hauling hay—anything to make an extra buck.  By the time school rolled around again I had bought a car with my own money, had muscled up to fighting physique and bore a bronze tan from head to toe.  I suppose when I returned to school that final year that I was something to behold.  Also I had money in the bank.
When Heidi approached me that first day of school, obviously interested and wanting to talk, I ignored her and turned and walked away.
We spent that entire year ignoring each other’s existence.  We must have passed each other a thousand times in the hall with never a flicker of the eye in the other’s general direction.
“About High School,” I began, before she could respond further, “you do know how I felt about you, right?  Before that last year.”
Her head did the slightest little bobble, as if unconsciously.  It was her eyes, though, that held my attention.  The same sad blue eyes of the young and shy girl that I had enshrined as a sacred image for the better part of a lifetime, suspended as if frozen in liquid glass in my memory.  There is no love quite like a first love.
“I knew, Bill.  The whole world knew.  You wore your heart on your sleeve.”
Yeah.  I supposed that she was right.
“We’re both married now,” I said.
“Yes, we are.”
Was it me, or was the room getting warm?
I got a picture in my head.  A picture of Julie, her face close to mine, looking into my eyes.  When was that?  Some hotel room a long time ago.  Maybe it was right after we first met.
“You don’t, anymore,” Heidi said.
“What?”
“Wear your heart on your sleeve.”
“Nope,” I said.  “Somebody else has the keeping of it.”
And as the last syllable hung in the air between us, the front door opened.
Mr. Fields was home.
AUTHOR’S NOTE

Louis du Orly and his ill-fated ship and crew are entirely a product of this author’s imagination, and to my knowledge, no such adventure occurred in actual history.  But calculate, if you will, how many ships in history never made it home to port and you can see that the events I have described here are entirely possible, especially given the treacherous nature of the mid-Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico.
I knew a Heidi in High School, a year ahead of me, but this Heidi is not that Heidi by any means.  I’ve always liked the name.
Brad Fisher is a composite of many friends, old and new, as is his wife, Mary Jo.
I don’t know where Mike Fields came from.  What author truly knows where his characters come from?  But that question, of course, is purely rhetorical.
I hope Officer Harvey Leonard is fictitious.
The power company in this book is fictitious, as are each and every character associated with it.
The Counties and Cities as given here are real. However, Brazos County does not have a black female Sheriff, nor has ever had one to my knowledge.  I wouldn’t mind seeing that changed in the future.  Likewise, I have never met the Sheriff of Grimes County.
The hole is fictitious.  To my knowledge, such does not exist.  There are, however, dark places, unknown and seemingly unknowable, deep down there beneath us all.  A world of staggering beauty if light were to find it and eyes were to see it.  If these, however, are not indeed real, then they are at least real in my mind.
Human nature is the most difficult thing for any author to accurately portray, as we are insubstantial beings and our thoughts are our own possessions, impenetrable to the end.  I have attempted at every turn to put into words the impressions I have sensed from the many people I have known throughout my life.  For me, these characters live and breathe, but that is only right.  If it were not so, then the error would be of the greatest magnitude.
Sometimes I feel as though my mind is like so much clay, there for the world to indelibly impress upon its imagery and subtle nuances.  In this way, life for this author is rich surpassing any treasure of the ancient world.  And that, in the final analysis, is the only thing which I can truly share with you, reader.  My friend.  My treasure is your treasure.

George Wier
THE DEVIL TO PAY

A Bill Travis Mystery

GEORGE WIER


DEDICATION

For Sallie, as always.

PROLOGUE

Phil Burnet retired as curator from the Texas Ranger Museum in Waco, Texas on his sixty-third birthday having filed early for his social security benefit.  His mind was made up to settle down and do what he had for thirty-five years sworn before God and family he would do:  fish all day, every day, until he died.  He had proclaimed on more than one occasion that when they found his dead body with his old cane-pole in his stiff hand, they shouldn’t bother trying to remove it, but instead weight his body down and shove him on into the water.  He’d be much happier that way and it would balance the books between him and the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department for all the fish he was to have taken during the intervening years, for which he had planned on the round number of forty—forty years of catching, cleaning and frying his own supper.  His grandfather had lived to be 102, and he was aiming to best him.
Phil Burnet went fishing that first Saturday after his retirement dinner and was never seen alive again.

*****

The Colorado River is a thoroughly dammed and level-controlled waterway after it meanders its way down from the high North Texas plains to become Lake Travis.  Below the lakes broad dam is a spillway where the waters again begin to resemble a very broad river that snakes its way for miles through West Austin suburbs for the upwardly mobile and affluent in the high hills to become what is locally known as Town Lake, recently renamed Ladybird Lake after President Johnson’s widow.
The waterway and shores of Town Lake have been sculpted over time into a large city park with stands of native trees, hike and bike trails and picnic areas, much of the funding for which was gleaned through the influence of the long-lived former president’s wife.
On a Saturday afternoon, exactly one week to the day after his first and final foray into his retirement passtime and at a time optimum for city residents to enjoy the tranquil lake, Phil Burnet put in an appearance again.  Phil Burnet was thoroughly dead.  Dead did not come much deader.
The discovery of the body was ultimately attributed to one Perry Reilly, a local, who had taken his canoe and his new young and beautiful insurance associate out onto the water for a little “quality time.” Perry was a womanizer.  This he knew and couldn’t help.  His father had been a womanizer.  His grandfather had raised three different families during three different eras, and if family rumors were true, had fathered other children that did not show up on the family tree charts kept by the estimable elderly family hens.  So, for Perry Reilly, the blue blood had run true.  Angela Thompson was beautiful, she was unattached, she was an associate, and she was twenty-five years his junior, which, according to Perry’s moral compass, made her fair game.
He was alternating his paddle strokes along Barton Creek toward Town Lake and occasionally pointing at something on either bank in order to distract Angela long enough to hopefully catch a fleeting glance near where her legs joined beneath cotton athletic shorts and the brownish shadows began there in the narrow gaps.  Angela Thompson wore baggy clothing when not in the office.  It was the style, and today Perry approved.
Angela peered into the waters, intently.
“Perry.  Stop.  Hold a sec.”
“What is it?” he asked.  He had almost added a ‘darling’ on the end of his question, but training took hold and saved him.
“It’s. . .  Tell me what that is.”  Her voice had become no more than whisper.  Her brows frowned, her eyes squinted.  She pointed.
“Lean back for a second.  We both can’t look at the same time.  This thing will tip over.”
She looked away, opposite side, and closed her eyes.
Perry looked over the side and saw something down there:  eight, ten feet down, possibly more.  The shadows and the light did strange things in deep water.  Shapes melded and blended and anything could look like anything, this he knew.  But he also knew that what he was seeing was what was there.
He swore under his breath.
There was movement for a moment down there, an upward drift of something.  It looked like a hand with a single extended finger, pointing at him in accusation.
“Perry?” Angela said, distress in her voice.  He looked.  Her eyes were still shut and she was squeezing them tight.
“Hush, now,” he said.
There was a quick flick of motion down there and something black and round darted away toward the shadows beneath the trees overhanging the wide creek.  A turtle.  Biggest mother he had ever seen.  The lake was full of the beggars.
Perry Reilly then did the bravest thing he had ever done in his entire life.  He reached into his shirt pocket and removed his cellular phone.
“I gotta make a call,” he said.

CHAPTER ONE

Walt Cannon stopped by my office on a Monday morning at about the same moment that the portal gates of hell opened up and black things began slithering forth.
My name is Bill Travis.  I’ve got a home and a wife full of children and have no business with trouble, or at least I shouldn’t.  I could have tried telling that to Walt Cannon and a lot of good it would have done me.
“I need your help, Bill,” Walt said.
“Have a seat, Walt,” I said, knowing I shouldn’t.  Walt is likable, though.  He’s a lean and muscled fellow, a tad over six feet in height and carries an air of authority about him even when he isn’t in uniform, which at the moment he was.  Looking at Walt’s face is like looking back a century into the seamed face of an Old West cattle drover.  In his younger years Walt would have made a good Marlboro Man.
“What’s the trouble?” I asked.
And so he laid it out about Phil Burnet and his retirement and his vanishment and return.  Perry Reilly’s name came up when I asked who had found him.
“Perry’s my business neighbor,” I said.  “The insurance office right next door.”
“Right,” Walt said.  “I didn’t even think about you, Bill, until I walked out of his office and looked this way.  It’s been awhile.”
“It’s been nearly a year,” I said, recalling a certain barbecue dinner beneath the shadow of a large metal sculpture on Walt’s ranch.
“A lot happens in a year.”
“That’s all too true.  Why me, Walt?  I can get my partner Nat to keep your books.  Hell, maybe even cook ‘em—”  I looked at his face.  “Just kidding,” I said.  “I can advise you on the stock market, maybe, as in get out while you can.  But really, why me?  I don’t have a license to investigate.  Legally, I can’t even ask questions.  What gives?”
“Because,” he said, and paused.  “First, it’s not my investigation.  It’s being handled by the locals as a simple murder case, even though any Ranger has, by tradition, jurisdiction anywhere in the state.  On this one I dare not go very far myself.”
“Then why were you talking to Perry?” I asked.
He sighed, uncrossed his legs and shifted in his chair.  This was it.  The mule was about to get the two-by-four right between the eyes.  I leaned back in my chair and stared at him across my disheveled desk.
Walt looked at his hands.  They were reddish, rough and leathery.  His knuckles appeared to have knuckles.
“I didn’t know what else to do,” he said, and I allowed the silence that followed to linger.  I wasn’t about to speak.
“Bill, there are some folks in the Ranger Service that are pretty sure. . .  They think. . .  Aw hell.  Might as well spit it out.  They think I killed Phil Burnet.”

*****

I remembered one time Walt telling me about a kid who had said to him: “I heard you’re a Texas Ranger?”.  Walt replied: “That’s right”, to which the kid replied with another, damning question:  “What position do you play?”
There’s little romance in any line of work.  A job, I have found, is a job.  But for some men and women their job is their life.  That’s what I was thinking about when I asked Walt Cannon the question that no one else I know would have been brazen enough to ask:  “Did you, Walt?  Did you kill him?”
“No,” he said slowly, if ‘no’ can be said slowly.  “But I would have.  I sure as hell wanted to.”
And then somewhere I felt a black door opening.
“I suppose,” I said, “you need to tell me more about Phil Burnet.”

CHAPTER TWO

Despite the “one mob—one Ranger” myth, Texas Rangers work both closely together and with the various other law enforcement agencies in their geographic zones. Traditionally (and technically) a Ranger has jurisdiction anywhere in the State of Texas, but in the real world a Ranger has a specific zone, be it a geographical area of several counties, or an area of specialization.  For instance, there are Special Rangers who have the same legal powers as a regular Ranger, but whose job may entail the investigation of cattle rustling (which still occurs in Texas in this age of technology) or railroad or oil and gas issues.  Wherever money changes hands, some insist that it go, unearned, into their own, which can draw the kind of attention even the most reviled personality would find unhealthy—I know of no sane man who would want to be on the receiving end of a Ranger’s ire.
I’ve had the opportunity to meet a number of Rangers in my forty-two years of life.  I’ve shaken hands with Ray Martinez, the former Austin Policeman who was credited with bringing down Charles Whitman, the University of Texas Bell Tower sniper, back in ‘66.  Ray is a judge now, but he still holds his Ranger commission.  Another Ranger once helped me out of a scrape during my college years, but we won’t go into that!  And then about a year and a half ago, I bumped into Walter Cannon who was undercover among a cadre of individuals styling themselves as revolutionaries against the Texas Government.  They’d wanted Texas to secede from the Union, and were bent on doing the job from the inside.  Walt showed up at a propitious moment, and he was not too keen on taking prisoners when the gunfire began.
I had wondered, though, about the inner workings of the Rangers, and there, in my office, I got chapter and verse from Ranger Walt Cannon.  We got down to business and the answers to some of my real questions.
Walt put out his Garcia y Vega cigar in an old ashtray I had found for him.  I don’t smoke, but occasionally I’ll have a client who does.  Ashtrays are the one item I can never bring myself to throw away.
“One of a dozen of us might have killed Phil,” Walt said.  “I tried myself to get him fired the first time about fifteen years ago, but he was too well-connected, too much on the inside.”
“Why would you do something like that?” I asked.  Walt sipped the coffee and bourbon I had poured for him.  I wanted him at ease.  Also, I wanted his tongue loose.
From the outer office I could hear Penny, my secretary, clattering away at her computer keyboard, but I doubted it was office business.  Penny had been working on a romance novel for the last few months.  I knew about it, she knew I knew, and we had a tacit consent thing going on about it that was mildly amusing.  I believed, though, she had a bit of a guilty conscience about it.  I’d read snatches of her prose.  She was pretty good, if you like torrid romance novels.
“Because,” Walt interrupted my little chain of thought, “you don’t suffer a traitor to continue in your midst, if you can help it.”
“Traitor?”
“Mayhaps you’ve heard of Dewey Bingham?”
I whistled.
“Yeah,” I said.
“Dewey was a friend,” Walt said, his voice no more than a whisper.
Dewey Bingham was an appointee of former Governor Ann Richards as a liaison between the Texas Governor and the President of Mexico, the closest thing to an ambassador that an individual State can have.  Dewey was killed in a house fire during the investigation of the ties between a Mexican drug gang and various South Texas county officials.  The news had made state and national headlines.  The cause of the blaze that took Bingham and his family from this world was summarized succinctly on the Harris County Fire Marshall’s report by one damning word:  “Arson”. 
“You don’t think a mild-mannered museum curator had anything to do with a house fire, do you?” I asked.
“You mean, did he strike the match himself?  I’ve always thought maybe so.”
“That was a long time ago, Walt,” I said.  Wrong thing to say.
“Bill,” he said and paused for effect, a long, slow turn of his head from the skateboarders out the window on the sidewalk to face me directly and fix me with his stone-cold and sober steel-gray eyes, “time is what I’ve been biding.  And now I don’t have to do that anymore.”
“But wouldn’t you like to know?” I asked.  “I mean, know for sure.”
“Know what?”
“Who killed Dewey Bingham.  And who killed Phil Burnet, since it wasn’t you.”
“I don’t know.  I don’t see that it really matters.”
I sighed, leaned back in my chair.
“Then what do you want, Walt?”
This time he didn’t pause.
“I want something I’ve never had and never really cared for before now,” he said.  “Something I was missing.”
I waited.
“I want a little recognition from my friends before I retire.  A little...”
“Respect?”
He nodded, however faintly.
“Okay, Walt.  You’ve got my respect, for what it’s worth.”
“Well, hell.  Thank you, Bill.”
“I mean it,” I said.  “Say, you still live in that little trailer house on the outskirts of Manor when you’re in Austin?”
“Yeah.”
“I’ll come see you on Saturday.  Maybe you can get the grill going and put by a six pack of Shiner.”
“Fine,” he said.
Walt stood, wincing as he did.
“It’s not age, is it?” I asked.
Walt smiled a thin, pained smile.  “No,” he said.
And in light of later events, I found myself wishing I had probed him a little further on that.
“Do what you can, Bill,” he said, pausing at my office door.  “But one way or the other, there’ll be hell to pay.”

CHAPTER THREE

My first stop was a walk next door to the Perry Reilly Independent Insurance Agency.
Inside his office the lamps were low and there was no one around.  Then I heard an abrupt sound, not unlike a slap, and then a very red-faced and upset girl came through an open doorway, didn’t bother to greet me, reached under a desk for her purse, donned a suede jacket and hurriedly jostled past me and out the door.  She was young, very attractive and was biting her lower lip.
The front door slammed shut.
Perry emerged from the same hallway.  One side of his face was scarlet.
“Oh.  Bill,” he said.
“Lost another one?” I asked.
“An associate,” he said.  “Difference of opinion.”
“I’ll bet,” I said.  “You okay?”
“Yeah.  I need a drink.  You?”
“It’s too early for me, but don’t let me hold you back,” I said.
“She was a teaser,” Perry said, then opened a cabinet door and pulled out a half-empty (or half-full, depending) bottle of Jack Daniels Black Label.
“They all are, Perry.  At least for you.”
He paused.  I waited for a comeback, but then he fished out a tall shot glass and topped it off.
“Health,” Perry said, and downed it in one wallop.
Perry had gone through more secretaries than any man I knew.  Several years back he’d gone through a divorce after one of his former secretaries sued him.  Afterwards, for a time, he’d employed only male receptionists and runners, but it looked as though the old Perry was back.  Some things never really change.
The shot glass slammed back on the desk.  He poured another.
“Why are you here, Bill?”
“Walt Cannon.  And the body of a certain museum curator.”
“Oh hell.  The fellow’s dead, Bill.  He went fishing and he ended up dead.”
“Anybody tell you the cause of death?”
Perry downed another tall shot.  I waited while he gasped and his blood thinned.  The bottle and shot glass disappeared back inside the cabinet.
“Bullet to the brain.”
“The fish must be getting touchy,” I said.
Perry laughed.  “Come on in my office and sit yourself, Bill.”

*****

“The guy investigating all this is your old running buddy, Bill,” Perry told me.  “Patrick Kinsey.”
“Well I’ll be damned,” I said.
“He called me up and then came out and I told him my life story, which is a long and sad tale,” Perry said.
“No doubt.”
Perry had his feet up on the corner of his desk and I sat in a creaking leather chair, waiting for it collapse on me.
Perry and I used to play one-on-one basketball when the weather was fine and both of our calendars were clear.  That was before my husband-and-father days, though, speaking of which, I was due to give Julie a call and let her know when I’d be home.
“Why are you asking about the stiff?”
That had me stumped.  “Idle curiosity,” I said.  A lie, I know, but it wasn’t any of Perry’s business.
“Yeah,” he said.  “Right.  Bill, I’ve known you for how long?  About ten years?”
“Something like that,” I said.
“You’re supposed to be an accountant,” Perry said.
“Investment counselor.”
“Same thing.”
“So?”
“Getting yourself in the middle of shit must be just a hobby, then.”
“A fellow’s got to do something,” I said.
“Tell you what, Bill.  I’m bored.  My life is one long series of boilerplate contracts.  I’ve got no attachments.”
“They keep slapping you and running off,” I said.
“That was a low blow, Bill.”
“Sorry.”
“Anyway, I would dearly love to get out of this office and... you know.  Do something.”
“I fly pretty much solo, Perry,” I said.
He frowned.
“Ever since I found that old man’s body, Bill, it’s been bothering me.  I need—there’s some word for it.”
“Closure.”
He slapped the desk.  “Closure!  Exactly!  That’s what I need.”
“Perry,” I said.  “I’m not as gullible as your hired help.”
He leaned back in his chair.  “Come on,” he said.  “Help a brother out.  Help me find closure.”
I suppose my eyes narrowed as I scrutinized him.  Thus far all I had done was talked to one Texas Ranger nearing retirement and my office neighbor.  What possible harm could come?  And then I felt it again.  A little shiver down at the pit of my gut and a creeping feeling over the nape of my neck.
“I don’t know, Perry.”
He waited.
“Have you ever been in a close scrape?” I asked him.
“Got myself sued.  I’ve been married.  I’ve been divorced.”
I laughed.  “That’s not exactly what I mean, Perry.  But. . .” and despite the fact that I knew better: “Okay,” I said.
He slapped his desk hard. “Hot damn!”
“Get your jacket,” I said.  “Let’s go.”

CHAPTER FOUR

It was unseasonably cool out.  During the previous evening a thick cloud cover had rolled over Austin and the Hill Country and a steady drizzle began.  The local weather report promised a day or two of it, no less, the type of weather my father would have called “the drizzlin’ shits”.  Temperatures dropped down into the low fifties and most people out in it were sporting jackets and rain slickers of one kind or another.
Perry Reilly rode shotgun as I drove.  On his lap was an open Austin phone directory over which he ran a steady finger.
“I’ve got a Phillip C. Burnet in Point Venture.”
“That’s not in Austin.  That’s in a different county.”
“I know where it is,” Perry said.
Already he was getting on my nerves.  What are friends for, anyway?
“Those people out there in Point Venture like to buy annuities,” he said.  “I pretty well farmed the place out years ago.”
“Ever sell an annuity to Phil Burnet?” I asked him.
He turned and gave me a blank stare for a moment.
“I don’t think so,” he said.
“Okay.”
“We going to Point Venture?”
“Where else?” I asked.  “Unless you want to go see an autopsy in progress.  Not that they would let us in.”
“Point Venture it is,” Perry said.

*****

I looked down upon West Austin and the surrounding area in my mind’s eye as if from twenty-thousand feet in the air.  I love maps.  I love collecting them and pouring over them, looking for things I’d not seen before.  Especially I liked the idea of taking a look down upon places I have been in my life and recalling when I was last there and what I had seen.  Sometimes this little penchant for the bird’s-eye view comes in handy.  As I drove west listening to Perry hum the soundtrack music for what I placed as Cool Hand Luke, and badly, I saw in an instant a little detail that made all the difference in the world.  Between Point Venture—where Phil Burnet allegedly had lived and likely not far from where he allegedly liked to fish—and Town Lake—where Perry had found him—there were two obstacles that would stand firmly in the path of an inert human body seeking its lowest level:  first a broad concrete dam with a rocky, shallow spillway at its foot, and second, much closer to Town Lake a far older dam.  If Phil Burnet was killed on Lake Travis then it was virtually impossible for his body to end up in Town Lake, much less a few hundred yards upstream from the lake in Barton Creek.  That is, impossible by way of nature.
I thought about mentioning this little tidbit to Perry for the longest possible time—about a tenth of second—and decided against it.  Maybe he’d figure it out himself.

*****

Lakes in Texas are created by damming rivers, creeks and even trickles of water, from the largest, such as Lake Livingston in East Texas which was created by damming the Trinity River, to the smallest duck pond on the back forty of any given parcel of land.  Lakes are made by tractors, cement trucks, and the inexorable physical laws governing water.  Lake Travis is no exception.
From this sculpting of Texas, which prior to the advent of European culture on the continent was a land devoid of open waterways—the only notable exception being Caddo Lake—is a land now dotted with thousands of lakes of all sizes.  And around each lake of any appreciable size, communities have sprung up.  Such a community was Point Venture, a small pre-planned and developed neighborhood that included a few hundred expansive homes for the new rich and the wealthy retired, with the requisite golf course, clubhouse, meeting hall, and churches in odd places as an afterthought.
Point Venture had the kind of tilted-up chin atmosphere about it I would normally strive to avoid.  Not that some very fine people don’t live there.  It just wasn’t my scene.
There was a security gate and a bored guard on duty, a grizzled and gray-headed, clean-shaven fellow probably nearing his own retirement.  He stepped out of the guard shack and walked around to my door.
“Are you a resident here?” he asked.
“No sir.  Coming to pay my respects to a deceased resident,” I said.
The guard hunkered down and studied our faces.
“I know you,” he said to Perry Reilly.
“No you don’t,” Perry said.
“I do.  I never forget a face.  I ran you out of here a couple of years back.  You were selling something.  As I recall you also hit on one of the residents.  I don’t think she liked it.”
“Must have been my brother,” Perry said.
“You haven’t got a brother,” I said.  I turned to the guard.  “I’ll make sure he’s on best behavior.  A Texas Ranger asked me to check into something for him and when a Ranger asks me to do something, I usually do it.”
“You don’t say,” the guard said, his interest clearly piqued.  “Must be about that dead museum fellow.  Well, tell you what.  Let me copy down your driver’s license number and if there’s any backlash, we’ll know how to find you.”
“Fine,” I said, and fished out my wallet.  “I appreciate it.”
The guard took out a notepad, jotted my name and number on it, then handed my license back.
“I won’t be long,” I said.
“No.  That’s fine.  But if you’re not out of here by the time I go off shift, I’ll come looking for you.”
“I appreciate it,” I repeated.
“And watch him,” he jabbed a finger, indicating Perry.
“That I will,” I said.
Inside of thirty seconds the gate came up and we drove into Point Venture.
“What is it with you?” I asked Perry.  No reply.  I suppose I wouldn’t have replied either.

*****

Perry and I got out in the deepening drizzle during the lunch hour at the clubhouse, having driven by the Burnet place and noted yellow police tape on the front door.
“What are we doing here?”  Perry asked.
“I’m hungry,” I said.
“Oh.”
Inside the clubhouse a silver-haired receptionist was on duty at a posh-looking desk.  I found myself comparing her desk to my own.
“We’re not members,” I said, “but I’m thinking of investing in some property out here and I wanted to try the clubhouse restaurant.”
“Oh!” she brightened.  “Goody!  Right through that door.  And let me know what you think when you come out.  Ask for the blue plate special.  Today its chicken and dumplings, string-beans and apple cobbler.  The best on the whole lake!”
“Why thank you,” I said.
“How do, Miss?” Perry said.
“I do fine,” she said.  “You fellows enjoy.”
“Come on,” I said and grabbed Perry’s elbow and led him off.

CHAPTER FIVE

Phil Burnet was not much on making friends.  This I found out from the waiter, a tall, thin fellow of about my own age. 
“Yeah, he eats here.  Or used to.  I’m not surprised he’s dead.  Mean son-of-a-bitch.”
“Never tipped?”
“Not once.  Ever.  But that isn’t the half of it.  Anything he could find wrong, and even if there wasn’t anything wrong, I would hear about it.  Also, he could get... verbal.”
“You mean loud?” Perry asked.
“Right.  Somebody capped him, I heard.”
“Good news travels fast, huh?” Perry said.
“You might say that,” the waiter said.  “Let me go put in your order.  I’ll be right back with your drinks.”
“Perry,” I began, when the waiter was out of earshot, unsure of what I was going to say, “can you keep a low profile?”
His brow furrowed.
“What I mean is, can you let me ask the questions?”
“Oh.  Sure thing, Bill.”
When the waiter returned, coffee and coke balanced on a huge tray, I started off: “Say, do you remember the last verbal repartee Burnet had here?”
“Yeah.  It was a law man.  Texas Ranger, I think.”
“Fellow about six feet, one-eighty or so?  Going on mid-sixties?”
“That’s him.”
“When was this?”  Perry chimed in.
I looked hard at him.
“Little over a week ago.  Say, that was about the last time I saw the old bastard.  Burnet, that is.”

*****

I tipped the waiter a twenty.  The food had been extremely good and it had gotten to us piping hot and instantly.
We quitted the clubhouse with a positive report to the receptionist, who was thrilled, and then drove down to the Point Venture marina on the shores of Lake Travis.
Large Texas lakes have that wonderful universal lake-scent about them, a combination of old rain, rotting lakeshore vegetation, and fish.  I found myself appreciating the scent.
We walked over wet planks out over the water and under the awning.
I waited for Perry to ask what we were doing, but when he didn’t I didn’t bother to fill him in.
The place was deserted, the various boats were secured and water lapped at gunwales and pilings down below.  I peered out into the mist as far as I could across the lake and saw a light that grew as I watched.  A boat, hopefully headed in.
We waited.  Perry drew out a cigarette and lit it.
“When did you start smoking?” I asked him.
“Geez louise.  You’re worse than my ex-wife.”
“Thanks,” I said.
The boat grew closer.  It was a bass boat, with seats at stern and bow.
The boat engines cut down to a dull rumble as the boat glided in, and then at the last second, the engine killed.  The sign of an old pro.
I waved.
The boat kissed the dock at our feet.
“Hi,” I said. 
“Hi yourself,” the voice said, the voice of a woman, though raspy and at the same time very feminine.
She secured the craft with a deft flick of the wrist, grabbed a collapsible wire basket half full of fish and stuck out her hand.  I reached but Perry was closer.
“Good fishing on a day like this?” I asked.
“Sure,” she said.  “Just me and the little guys today.” She hefted the basket and I looked in and saw crappie and catfish, the smallest at about half a pound.
“I wish I could fish,” Perry said.
“Well, get a cane pole, some bait and a bucket and fish,” she said.
“I’m Perry Reilly,” he said, and extended his hand.
“Glad to meet you, Perry.  I’m Sarah.  Sarah Banks.”  They shook hands.  I could tell that Perry was mesmerized by her.  Her hood fell back to reveal mousy, dishwater blond hair, a bit bedraggled, and a kind face with bright, quick eyes.  As I looked at the two, it hit me.  Possibly Perry had just met his match.
“Sarah, this is Bill.  Bill Travis.”
She extended her hand to me and smiled warmly.
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Travis.”
“Bill.  Just Bill.”
“Fine, Bill.  What are you guys up to?  It looked like you were waiting for me.”
“I was,” Perry said.  “I mean, we were.  You tell her, Bill.  Bill does the talking.”
“I was wondering if you knew Phil Burnet,” I said.
“Who doesn’t—or rather, didn’t?  Terribly wonderful guy.  Damn shame.”  I tried to detect a degree of irony, but couldn’t.
“Do you know where he fished?”  I asked.
“He only ever fished the one time I know if.  Always said he was gonna retire and fish all day.  Best laid plans.  But I was curious when he bought an actual boat, so I watched him that day from a long way off.”
Perry was smiling, watching her.  Every time her eyes went from me to him, they brightened ever so slightly.  Despite the conversation and my part in it, I might as well have been on the opposite rim of the galaxy from those two.
“Did you see anybody with him” I asked.
“No,” she said, “and I got tired of watching him.  I think that was about a week or more ago.”
“Could you show us where he was fishing?” Perry asked.
“Show you?”  She asked him.  Perry took the wire basket from her hands and set it down on the planks at their feet.
“Yeah,” Perry said.  “Call it curiosity.”
“You fellows aren’t cops, are you?” she asked.
“No, ma’am,” I said.  “I’m an investment counselor and he’s—”
“An independent insurance agent,” Perry finished for me.
Their eyes were still locked on each other.
“Really?” Sarah asked.  “Insurance?  Oh wow.  I’d love to do that.  Have a desk and an office and a telephone and talk to people and fill out forms and stuff.  Indoors where its climate controlled all day!  Maybe you could show me your office?”
“I’d be happy to,” Perry said.  “But only if you’ll promise to help me do something I’ve wanted to do for a very long time.”
“What’s that?” Sarah asked.
“Go fishing from sunup to sundown, without ever setting foot on land.”
She laughed.  It was a husky laugh that had a physical effect on Perry.  I believe he dropped five years from his appearance as he grinned from ear to ear.
“Perry,” she said, still chuckling, “you and Bill wait right here.  I’m gonna put these fish on ice.  Give me ten minutes.”
“Thank you, ma’am,” I said.
She brushed past Perry, turned and regarded me with a wide smile.  She had a little gap in her front teeth.  We turned to watch her as she made her way around the marina and down the boardwalk to the parking lot.
“I’ll be damned,” Perry said.
“You’re a hound dog,” I told him, and he didn’t even hear me.
AUTHOR’S NOTE


A good friend of mine, Mr. Tom Burks, retired after many years of service as curator of the Texas Rangers Museum in Waco.  The curator in this tale bears no resemblance to Tom other than in that of occupation.  Thanks, Tom, for all your help, the old stories, and the advice.  The errors here are mine, not yours.
One of the chief problems any author has is with his characters:  what they say and what they do.  A very good friend of mine and early reader, Megan Creel—a fantastic author in her own right—once informed me as to the degree Bill Travis miffed her by what he said and did.  And while she didn’t put it in those exact words (Megan is far more plain-spoken than that) I thought I clearly understood what she was saying until I realized she was looking to me for some explanation—as if I had something to do with what Bill Travis said and did!  I told her in essence: “Yes, Megan, I feel exactly the same way.”  All by way of saying that Bill Travis, his family, his friends, and even his antagonists, are prone to say and do just about anything, and what they say and do is—and I suppose, always will be—beyond the scope of my control.  And that is as it should be.
When I began this series of books in about the Fall of 2004, I had every intention of writing no more and no less than what these characters told me to write.  I didn’t want any pattern, any script, any formula.  What I wanted was something approximating the quality and texture of fine-grained sandpaper—I wanted “reality”, with all its grit, its stains and splotches, its prevailing winds and currents, and its propensity to exceed the expected.  A casual look at any great work will clearly show a disdain for formula.  In a word I wanted “organic.”  But even that concept falls far short of what I wanted.  What I really wanted was Bill as we find him here.  I wanted him as alive as I was.  I wanted him to feel the same air as I felt and as my eventual readers would feel.  I wanted him to taste the same weak tea, to feel the same Monday evening tiredness and the self-same Friday night expectancy we all feel.  And I wanted something else—that other element that keeps us all hanging on, even in the darkest hour:  I wanted him to win in the end.  I wasn’t sure if he was going to (and I’m still not) but I sure as hell was pulling for him when I typed out those first words:  “All the hell started on a Monday...”  That was the first line of the first page of the first draft of book one, which was, in the beginning entitled Hell Week as opposed to The Last Call.  Hell Week was written at white-hot speed, and except for the initial Prologue, the bulk of it was written in the first-person present tense: (“I walk over to the door and grasp the knob” as opposed to “I walked up and laid my hand on the knob”).  Years later I picked up a book at a local bookstore and found this same format and found that it had worked well for that established author.  At the time Hell Week was written a good buddy of mine, Milton T. Burton (author of The Rogues Game and The Sweet & The Dead), one of the greatest crime novelists of this new century, thought the present-tense version a bit pretentious for a first-time novel, and so I re-drafted it into the more palatable and acceptable (I hoped) past-tense.
Another good friend, Gary Carlin, told me recently he still pined for the old days when what was going on with Bill was going on right now!  (Sorry, Gary.  And thanks for throwing away your copy of that first draft.  I wouldn’t want any of them surfacing.)  And so I redrafted that first book and found, amazingly so to me, the final product—which, let me tell you, ultimately underwent six, count ‘em, SIX more drafts—still retained that same gritty feel.  Yep.  Fine-grained sand-paper.  You can do a lot with a little of that stuff. 
And so, here we are, Book Four, with Books Five and Eight written and book Six and Seven partially written.  And Bill has changed and I have changed and our country has changed and the world has changed, and, as Bob Dylan or Pete Seeger would tell you:  “the times, they are a-changin’”.
I hope so.  I hope they continue to change, and I hope the rate of change changes as well.
This author has seen his own changes since that first Monday.  The gain of a new wife and family.  The loss of a father and an older sister.  The revitalization of ability and spirit.  And new purpose and the fulfillment of the twinkle in this author’s once very young old eyes.  So, change.
What happens next?  With me, I don’t know.  With Bill and company?  Still don’t know.  Sorry.  Wish I could say.  I could pull out the drafts for the next few books and show them to you, but I think that wouldn’t answer any questions, only pose more.  So, no clue.  I’m sure I could make up something, but then that’d be lying, wouldn’t it?  I can tell you this:  the last three in this series are going to be prequels.  And there will be twenty-one, all told.  And that’s about it.
You see, I’m just the guy that reports for Bill.  And while I’ve got this job—as long as he (and you) continue to pay me—I’ll do just that.  I won’t go on strike, I promise.  And I won’t talk back to Bill, or Julie, or Jessica, or any of the others you find here.  Not only is that not how this relationship works, it’s simply not in the contract.  Now maybe you understand what I meant by my actual reply to my friend Megan:  Yes, Megan, Bill pisses me off too.
So, thanks for riding along with me this far.  There’s a long road ahead.  But the countryside promises to be interesting, the people promise to be who they are, and the changes, well... they promise to do just that.

Best,

George Wier
Austin, Texas

DEATH ON THE PEDERNALES

A Bill Travis Mystery

GEORGE WIER

DEDICATION

To the memory of Milton T. Burton—author, historian, mentor and friend.  I miss you.

CHAPTER ONE

The body was brought out of the hangar on a stretcher by a uniformed paramedic doing double-duty as a deputy coroner.  That’s sometimes the way it’s done in the hinterlands, where demand crosses swords with budget and the tax base is more of a tax ditch.  A gray blanket covered the large mass.  One stray finger was there beneath the edge, the hand threatening to fall from the jostling it was taking as the stretcher trundled past us.
“You’re the closest thing to family here,” Deputy Ladd Ross told Denise Lipscomb, who stood beside me in a state of shock.  “You can ride with me.  We’ll follow Burt’s ambulance.” The deputy and the paramedic exchanged nods of agreement. 
“Nice to meet you, Burt,” I told the paramedic, who gave me no more than a curt nod.
“What about Bill here?” Denise asked.
“I’ll ride with Burt,” I volunteered.
“Fine,” Burt and the deputy said simultaneously, and I would have laughed aloud but for the intensity of the moment.
“How did he die?” Denise asked the deputy as Burt began to make a great ruckus with loading the stretcher, so much so that I decided to help him.
“Crowbar to the face,” the deputy said.  “Repeatedly.”

*****

For me it always begins when I least expect it.  One time it started while I was driving to work one gorgeous morning and on another occasion it was in the middle of a meeting with a client.  Regardless of when, they all have one common element:  I’ll get the call from an old friend who has fallen hip deep in the proverbial, doesn’t know which way to turn and desperately needs a certain old friend with certain known special skills—or, one of my clients has rubbed the wrong person the wrong way and needs me to smooth everything out come hell or high water.  Whatever the situation, I wind up interposing myself between destruction and the seemingly innocent and after that it’s all like one long train-wreck that lasts for hours, or days, or even longer.
But that’s me.
I’m Bill Travis.  The name alone should tell you something.
And it always begins with a feeling in the gut, with a nervous prickle among the small hairs on the nape of my neck, with a parched throat and a black gulf somewhere in the area near to my feet as if the ground underfoot is astride a crevasse of amazing dimension.  And it means little sleep and guesses in the dark to come.
My regular workaday job in the real world is as a financial consultant.  I developed the knack early on in life of making money make more money, and with my degree from the University of Houston, the state and federal certification allowing me to roll investments over, around and generally through the hoops, both for myself and for my clients, I’m pretty well set.  But on occasion I am confronted with something that no one else—including, in many instances, the local law—is able to handle, and it’s then that I step up and take a hand.  Usually, in those cases, the problem has little to do with balance sheets or figures or tax shelters.  Those times are just—trouble.  And it’s not that I like trouble, particularly, it’s just that I have found that trouble has always had a way of finding me.  So I keep an office for my business just west of downtown Austin on San Antonio Street in an old Greek Revival home built in the 1890s.  I wouldn’t dream of working anywhere else. My partner is Nathaniel Bierstone,  Texas’ Lieutenant Governor as well as my wife’s uncle.  As far as family is concerned, there’s my wife Julie, our adopted daughter, Jessica, and our two beautiful little miscreants, Jennifer and Megan.  I spend a great deal of my life energy supporting them.  But when trouble comes calling it’s like anything else—it’s by degrees, one step after the other until my toes are mired in it up to my collar bone.
Here’s how it all got going this time, innocently enough.

*****

	“Are you ready?” she asked me.
	“Yes.  Definitely.”
“Let’s go, then.  Throttle full.  Release the brakes.”
The cockpit rumbled, setting up a vibration throughout my entire body.  That same feeling came back to me, that sensation I recognized from age seventeen when I taxied my first airplane down a runway and took to the skies.
We began to pick up speed.  From memory, I used the foot pedals to keep the nose of the Cessna as close to the center stripe as possible.  The brownish, dying grass by the side of the runway flashed past as we gained speed.  I glanced at my instructor, gave her a quizzical look:  Is everything right, here?  She gave me a curt nod.
At fifty knots I pulled back gently on the yoke and the front of the plane came up.  Within a few heartbeats the ground was dropping away beneath us and there was nothing but blue sky with distant, puffy clouds ahead.
I had been promising myself I would return to flying lessons in the nebulous future, in that mythical time when there was time.  Time enough to devote to it.  Time enough away from other pursuits.  No such continuum, I have found, truly exists.  We have to make our time right now, or else it will never be.
“Good, Bill,” Denise Lipscomb said over the roar of the engine.  “You’re a natural.”
I gave her a faint smile and made sure both the altimeter and the airspeed were increasing at approximately the same rate.
When I was seventeen I took flying lessons for awhile.  I never fully completed the training, however, never got a certificate to fly solo.  And since then I had regretted it.  The feeling of total freedom that flying affords had been just out of my reach since.  It felt a little too much like taking a prisoner from his cell for a day, taking him out to the wide-open outdoors, giving him the feel of the wind and the sight of mountains in the distance, and then locking him away again when darkness fell once more.  I vowed then and there, as we reached and passed a thousand feet in altitude, to make sure my kids would enjoy this same feeling of freedom in the sky.  I would teach them myself.
I leveled us off at five thousand feet and flew west.  We were flying to Trantor’s Crossing, a rustic little berg nestled in the rocky, rolling hills fifty miles due west of Austin, to do touch-and-go practice landings at the small municipal airport there, then back home.
“Trim us up a bit,” Denise said.
I adjusted the elevator trim tab and eased back on the power.  The only real difference between flying and driving is the added dimension of up and down.  While you correct your right and left attitude by moving the yoke like a steering wheel—which moves the ailerons on the wings and banks you the desired direction—controlling up and down is accomplished by a pull or a push on the yoke.  The trim tab on a plane is a fine-tuning control which makes constant up- and-down correction unnecessary and makes for a much smoother flight.  Picture the wheel tab for channel-tuning or volume control on any old radio, make it as big as small coffee-cup saucer and you got it.  What I know about flying you could probably write on a yellow sticky note, but I got that much from ground school.
Below us the city played out to the brown hills west of Austin.  And then I had twenty minutes of flight which seemed no longer than about two.

*****

When I lined up for the runway at the Trantor’s Crossing Municipal Airport I saw flashing red and blue lights in the distance, over by an aircraft hanger.  Police and emergency vehicles.
“Um...” Denise began.  “Set us down, Bill.  I know people here.  I want to see what’s going on.”
“You’re the boss.”
I concentrated on the upcoming approach and landing.  A landing is, after all, no more than a controlled crash on a smooth surface.  And prior flying time and the ground school instruction looked like it was paying its dividend.  Flaps at full, keep the plane lined up, watch the whisper of a cross-wind, crab into that wind a bit, reduce power down to about a quarter, nose up, come in gently on the numbers.  It’s really a piece of cake, except, of course, when it’s not.
For me a good landing is like a perfect golf putt or making the basketball shot with nothing but net.  And that’s what happened.  We landed like a leaf sighing down from a tree.
“Perfect,” Denise said.
Power back up, I rolled us on down the runway and taxied in, already missing the feeling of flight.  I guided us over to the edge of the tarmac and killed the engine, turned the magnetos and radio off.
We watched the tableau unfold before us in front of the hangar.

*****

There were four county deputy sheriff’s cruisers, a City of Trantor’s Crossing black and white police cruiser, an ambulance, a fire department vehicle and half a dozen uniformed men and women milling around outside the open hangar doors.  Whatever was going on, it was a big to-do. The municipal airport lay five miles from the town on a long, narrow plateau in the Texas Hill Country, and it wouldn’t be a usual event to have representatives of all local law enforcement so far away from town unless something terrible had occurred.  I couldn’t help the cold place I felt blossom and expand deep down in my gut.
“What do you think—” I began, but Denise cut me off.
“Bad.  Something bad.  I hope it’s not—”
“Somebody you know?”
“Yeah.”
“Let’s go see,” I said.
We climbed out of the aircraft and walked across fifty yards of tarmac.  A sheriff’s deputy glanced our way and then went back to his discussion with another deputy.
As we walked up, the deputy gave us his full attention.  “You can’t go in there,” he said.
“What’s happened?” Denise asked.
“Who are you folks?” the deputy asked us.
“I’m Bill Travis,” I said and stuck out my hand.  When you do that, they have to take your hand and act neighborly, or refuse, and end up looking like a jerk.  The deputy, to his credit, shook my hand.
“This is Denise Lipscomb,” I said.
“I’m Ladd Ross.  Sheriff’s deputy.  You two just up and flew in here?”
“Yes, sir.  I’m from Austin.  Denise is teaching me how to fly.”
“Whatever in the world for?” he asked.
“Well.  Because, you see—it’s there.  And I already know how to drive and how to dive.  In water, that is.  Flying is all that’s left.”
“What’s happened here?” Denise asked again.
“A killing,” Deputy Ross said.
“Who?” I asked.
“Somebody killed old Edgar Bristow, that’s who.”
“Oh no!” Denise said.  The shock was evident on her  face.  I put out my arm behind her, just in case she was about to faint.  Denise was about my own size and if she went down I wanted to be ready.  Clearly, she knew the deceased.  Or, what’s the word they use nowadays?  Decedent. A cold word, that one.
I had known Denise for no more than a couple of  months.  She had come highly recommended by a good friend of mine.  Also, her fees were nominal compared to that of the large, corporate-scale flight training schools.  During our first meeting at an old hangar where she kept her plane, I found myself instantly liking her.
I waited until the shock was replaced by grief, which is ten times better than shock, and far more safe.  People have been known to drop dead from receiving bad news.  
“Who was this fellow to you, Denise?” I asked.
“He was like the father I never had,” she said.

CHAPTER TWO

I rode shotgun with Burt from the Trantor’s Crossing Municipal Airport as we had decided while Denise and Deputy Ladd Ross followed as the sun climbed to the uppermost arch of the sky.  It was a hot day.  A desiccated, brown day.  And death not only followed, it was company that had come home to roost.
“Who was he?” I asked Burt.
“Edgar Bristow?  A legend.  A friend to Man.  You’ve never heard of him?”
“No,” I said.  “Sorry.  What can you tell me about him, and about how he died?”
I looked at the driver.  Burt was a middle-aged fellow, busily going prematurely bald, thin, bored with life.  The kind of fellow that daily dreams of taking a month off to a dude ranch in Montana or a trek across the Matto Grasso in search of the world’s largest anaconda.  But mostly, given an appearance of chronic ill-health and ensuing weakness, I was sure he dreamed of the women he would never have.
From the I.D. tag hanging from the rearview mirror I saw that his name was Burt Sanderson.  Burt looked very much like a Burt.  He shrugged, yawned, blinked his eyes at the highway before us, and then, in a tone reminiscent of a story told too many times, proceeded to educate me.

*****

Edgar Bristow came to Texas to stay at the end of World War II.  He had walked into an enlistment office in Orangeburg, South Carolina in February of 1942, told a lie to the recruiter there with regard to his majority at the not-so-tender age of sixteen, and after six weeks of boot camp was headed for Europe with a gleam in his eye and bound by a personal oath to find Adolph Hitler and put a bullet between his eyes.  Bristow had been a tall, strapping fellow with prominent features even then, so it was no mystery that the recruiter didn’t question him about his age.  
Over the course of the war he had been in one of General George S. Patton’s tank divisions, had fought Erwin Rommel in North Africa, Italy and France, survived and was decorated after the war for single-handedly destroying a line of Rommel’s crack Panzers who were shelling a squadron of pinned-down infantrymen.  He won the battle, all on his own:  Bristow had not only driven the tank himself after his commander was wounded at the outset of the battle but had sighted-in on each enemy tank in turn, loaded each forty-pound shell himself, fired, then moved and dodged the tanks and fire coming at him, only to then stop and repeat the procedure, hitting the mark each time.  The fact that his tank commander survived, along with more than ninety percent of the pinned infantrymen, had made Edgar Bristow an instant war hero, another Audey Murphy.
When he arrived stateside in the Summer of ‘45, he headed to Texas and a job with his Uncle Latimer Bristow, a lumber supply yard owner in the sleepy little town of Trantor’s Crossing, Texas.  Surrounded by peach groves, the hot summer sun, and bored girls looking for a new last name that didn’t brutally rattle the ear with a Germanic timbre—in a town where the population was over seventy percent German immigrant descendant—Edgar played the field, slew one heart after another, drank beer, and worked his backside off.  He took over the lumber yard after his Uncle was run over by a lumber truck driver, and proceeded to go after and win a number of lucrative state and government builder contracts.  He was a millionaire at age twenty-one, but you wouldn’t have been able to tell it to look at him, a tall, rangy fellow with his sleeves rolled up, his stringy muscles corded about his spare frame like bass piano wire, and his perpetually sun-baked countenance etched with a constant sardonic shit-eating grin.
It was the summer of 1949 when Edgar Bristow began to show evidence of being one of the genuine good guys.  He began giving away money by the sackful.
This began when a tent revival came to town.  The preacher, a fire-and-brimstone Pentecostal, had a healing service in which a child with polio and steel braces bound about each stick-like leg was brought up and hands laid upon her frightened head.  After the “healing” the girl took off her braces, took two steps, and fell into the arms of her weeping mother.  She was pronounced “cured” by the Holy Ghost.  The following Monday her braces were back on.  The story goes that Bristow was there at the edge of the crowd during the healing and the next morning he was on his way to work when he saw the girl trudging to the covered bus stop her father had built for her at the end of their long, kalechi driveway, her braces gleaming in the sunlight.
That evening Bristow assembled a number of community doctors in a local tavern, handed them a hurriedly-drawn rough sketch for a hospital and wrote a check for half a million dollars with which to begin construction.
Whether this particular story was true or not, then and there as the coroner’s wagon passed the City Limits of Trantor’s Crossing, a certain knowledge came over me.  Over the next few hours, days, and perhaps weeks, I would come to know Edgar Bristow like a long-lost friend, and I would, as if I had been standing there when it happened, come to know the circumstances of his untimely demise.
“That’s just one,” Burt said.
“One?”
“One little story.  The start.  There are a whole bunch of them.”
“You knew him?” I asked.
Burt took his eyes off the road for about five seconds for a very long look at me.  A significant look, then said:  “Everybody knew him.  And, I guess, no one knew him.  A guy like that, larger than life—how could anybody know him?  It’s my personal philosophy that nobody really knows anybody else anyway.”
Well, maybe, I thought.  And maybe not.

*****

I would get Denise’s part in the story much later on, after it was all settled out.  At age seventeen her parents were killed in an underground gas explosion from one of the few hundred or so cavernous salt domes where the petrochemical companies keep their more dangerous inventories in East Texas.  Denise’s then youthful features, nicked here and there from the flying debris—not yet lined with oncoming middle age as when we first met—were indelicately splashed across newspapers state-wide the way only newspapers can-–in grisly detail and complete with the tears of her tragic loss.  The picture had gotten the attention of a wealthy Texan who interceded with enough money to secure a future for her, a future which came quicky into focus when, at the aforementioned Texan’s bidding, a high-powered Dallas law firm with an eye toward class-action lawsuits came calling.  The firm easily took in the families of all twenty-eight who died in the blast, but they came knocking on Denise’s door first. 
From a formative age Denise Lipscomb’s lifelong dreams had been dreams of flight.  Before the explosion that claimed the lives of her parents and most of her neighbors, the walls of her trailer-home bedroom had been covered with every type of airplane to emerge from an assembly line.  Over time the pasted-up magazine cutouts grew from a series of separate pictures to become one continuous collage that encompassed the four walls and three doors of her postage stamp-sized room and threatened the narrow hallway leading to the rest of the house.  P-51 Mustangs, Corsairs, World War I biplanes, Messherschmidts, C47s, B52s, C141 Starlifters, Harrier AV8s, Piper Cubs, Cessnas, Beeches, Lears—all of them.  The airplanes, seemingly, grew like ivy.
A little girl’s dreams.  Dreams of flight.
For weeks and months after the disaster, follow-up stories about Denise and a scant number of other survivors made their way onto page two of most newspapers throughout the southwestern United States.  Those stories which included Denise invariably mentioned her love affair with flight, a dream that had never been accomplished.  One of those stories had even been entitled “The Girl Who Never Flew.”  
On a clear Christmas morning not long after, a Beech aircraft touched down at the Conroe, Texas airport, five miles from where Denise lived with her drunken uncle, Ralph Lipscomb.  At ten o’clock that morning a rented limousine pulled up outside the front door of her uncle’s ramshackle apartment, and at ten-thirty Denise Lipscomb took her first flight. 
That dream, like many others yet to come, had been handed to her by her new benefactor.  She went from having no driver’s license to the possession of a twin-engine rating in six months.  By the time we met she was thirty-eight and had her own small flight school.  There’s success for you.  
Success had a name:  Edgar Bristow.  

CHAPTER THREE

I stood there outside the coroner’s office trying to breathe.  There are some smells that work their way into the sinus membranes and no amount of wind can get rid of them. The mixed odor of coppery blood, entrails, offal and decomposition is one of them.  The breeze was good and stiff, if hot, and I drew it in deeply.  
A Sheriff stepped around the corner of the graystone architecture and regarded me.  You can always tell a Sheriff at first glance, especially in rural Texas.
“Who the hell are you?” the fellow asked.
“Bill Travis,” I said.  “No relation.”
“Fine,” he said, then his bushy gray eyebrows furrowed.  “What?”
“Bill Travis,” I repeated.  “You know, Commander at the Alamo.  Some people think we’re related.  I actually don’t know.”
“Oh.  I’m Buster LeRoy, County Sheriff.”  He held out one rough and meaty paw and I shook it.
“Good to meet you,” I said.
“Are you here regarding Edgar Bristow?” he asked.
The English language is funny.  At first I thought he was using the “looking” definition of “regarding.”  I almost answered:  “Hell no, you can go regard him all you want, please leave me out of it.”  But then I got what he’d meant.
“Uh, you might say that,” I said.  “I’m with a young lady, Denise Lipscomb.  She and Mr. Bristow were close.  We flew into the airport where he was found.”
“Got it,” the Sheriff said.  “Well, then, if you’ll excuse me.”
I nodded and he stepped around me and through the glass door.  I clamped down on my nose until the door closed again.  You can never be too careful.
“All business,” I mumbled to myself.  “That’s a plus.”

*****

I waited for five minutes and was about to go back inside when Sheriff LeRoy held the door open for Denise and the two of them stepped out into the wind.
I noticed how they both breathed—in gulps.  Maybe I wasn’t so oddball after all.
Denise’s eyes were puffy and red, but her tears were dry.  She held a shredded and wadded-up kleenex in one hand, grasping it for dear life.
“Where to?” I asked her.
“I don’t know,” she said.
“I have an idea,” Sheriff LeRoy said.  “I’ll take Miss Lipscomb over to visit with my wife for a spell.  Then you and I can go for a little ride, Mr. Travis.”
“Alright,” I agreed.

*****

Sheriff LeRoy lived in an ancient many-gabled home a mile outside of town.  The structure was tilted out of true and bore a girdle of cracked and chipped asbestos shingles that revealed old tar-paper beneath.  There were stacks of the dingy broken-off squares with parched and desiccated weeds growing up around them scattered hither and yon about the yard. 
“I always feel like I should apologize when anyone sees my place,” Sheriff LeRoy said.  “We’re in the process of re-siding the house, but the truth is Samantha and I are doing the labor ourselves.  I can’t see paying someone to do something that I know I can do much better myself.”
“I understand,” I said.  “Your home is fine by me.”
A screen door banged shut and a young woman stepped down from the front porch.  Sheriff LeRoy’s wife was twenty or so years his junior, and she was a looker.
“Denise!” she cried, and I looked to see first surprise and then joy spread across my instructor’s face as she opened the cruiser door and stepped into the arms of Sheriff LeRoy’s wife for a tight embrace.
“We were suite-mates at Mary-Hardin Baylor,” Mrs. LeRoy said over Denise’s shoulder. 
“Small world,” Sheriff LeRoy said, and grinned.

*****

The first thing I noted inside Buster and Samantha LeRoy’s home, apart from the odor of aging pine-tar wafting in from the front yard, was the smell of latex paint. Second, just underneath this sharp smell was the clean scent of oil soap, the kind used to make hardwood floors glow as if with an inner light, which the floors of the LeRoy home certainly did.  They also creaked the way old hardwood floors in old houses should—for me a satisfying sound.  The walls were freshly painted an antique-white in an orange-peel texture and the entryways and windows were faced out in bright white high-glass oil-base.  Samantha LeRoy had a penchant for colorful impressionist paintings as evidenced by one of the lesser-known but still magnificent Matisse reprints donning the foyer wall.  The painting set the tone for the whole house:  light and airy.  The small table beneath the painting was made in the Shaker style, whether original or a copy.  Nice.
“Sammie, take them back to the kitchen,” Buster told his wife.  The girls walked ahead of us, arm in arm, and we followed.  “We’re re-painting the dining room,” he added by way of explanation.
We turned left into a long central hallway and passed an open doorway.  A passing glance revealed the Sheriff’s study, a comfortable-looking room filled with leather furniture, old maps framed on the walls, and a drafting table that was being used to hold trophies.  One of the trophies was a cowboy on a bucking bronc.  At some time in Buster LeRoy’s past he’d been a rodeo rider.
The kitchen was as I expected it, new solid wood cabinets as yet unpainted and missing their knobs against light yellow, freshly painted walls.  The LeRoy home, every square foot of it, was a work in progress, right down to the light switch plates—which, in the kitchen, were ceramic with an American Indian motif.
The kitchen table was a bit small for the four of us.
“Pull up a chair Bill, Denise,” Buster said as he placed his large hands on a hardwood chair and waited for us to sit.  He turned to Samantha LeRoy.  “How about some of those little finger sandwiches and some tea, darlin’?”
She smiled to us, her guests, but it was a bit of a painted-on smile—social entertainment only.  I knew there were to be no serious discussions in this kitchen.  Her rule, not his.  And I was sure that between the four interior walls of this house, it was her rules that carried weight.
“A great idea,” Samantha said, and turned to begin fiddling with the tea kettle while Buster removed the bread from an old wooden box beside the refrigerator, which looked to be forty year or so old.  My folks had a fridge like that when I was knee-high to a jackrabbit.
“Nice house,” Denise said, and her words hung in the air.
“Why, thank you,” Buster said.  “Sammie does all the work.  Inside, that is.  I’m her foreman.”
Samantha LeRoy rolled her eyes.
“What’s next regarding Bristow?” I asked, and Denise gave me a hard look.
“I don’t rightly know,” Buster said.  He took his gun belt off and laid it on the counter.  “Besides that, you and I can cover all that after we have a bite.  I’ll want you to take a ride with me, Bill.”
“Fine,” I said.

*****

An hour passed in the LeRoy kitchen, and it was mostly the girls doing the talking.  Every time the conversation edged over toward Buster and his Sheriff work, Samantha LeRoy guided it every so deftly back into some more pleasant zone.  The whole while I sat there and watched I felt the unseen presence of something large, unpretty and carefully hidden from sight.  For all the nest-feathering that appeared to be going on, Buster and Samantha LeRoy appeared to me to be about as well-matched in the couples department as an animal rights activist and a butcher.
And fortunately, that hour ended an eternity after we sat down.  Finger sandwiches and tea, indeed.

*****

As Sheriff LeRoy turned back onto the highway leading back to town, he let me have it with both barrels.
“First,” he said, “I had a talk with Burt while Denise and I were in the coroner’s office.  He knows who you are, and so now I know.”
“Um,” I said, “who am I?”
“Don’t get smart.  You’re the fellow who saved the Governor’s life.  I’ve still got the issue of the Austin American-Statesman where you hung from that blimp during the UT-Tech game.”
“Good God,” I said.  He was referring to an event a few years back where I found myself caught in the cross-fire between a certain Texas Ranger and an insurgent rebel group who wanted to overthrow the Texas government from within and secede from the United States of America.  And they’d very nearly done it.  I still had scars from that debacle.
“Also, you were the guy who pulled Texas Ranger Walt Cannon’s fat off the fire in the killing of that museum curator.”
“You know Walt?” I asked.
“Who doesn’t?  So shut up and listen.”
“Fine,” I said.
“So I know you’re some hot-shot investigator—”
“Actually I’m a financial consultant.  Buy stocks and securities cheap, sell them dear, build a portfolio—”
“Who’s doing the talking here?” he cut me off.  “Alright.  Now I know you had a Special Rangers commission from the Governor—”
“‘Had’ is the operative word,” I said.
“Doesn’t matter,” he said.  “I already put in a phone call to Ranger Cannon.  He told me not only to cooperate with you, but that as far as he was concerned you are working as his deputy in the field as of right now.”
“Well I’ll be damned,” I said.  There had been an ongoing plot among the powers that be to keep me in the Ranger Service.  The real reason I hadn’t stuck it out had everything to do with the several women in my life, each of whom bore either my last name, my genes, or both.  Having them in my life was terribly expensive and a Ranger’s pay, particularly that of a Special Ranger, could in no way cover the lifestyle to which they—or for that matter, yours truly—was accustomed.
“So,” Buster LeRoy said, “You’re here and you’re a hotshot and I’m in need of help.  But, you see, I haven’t even asked for it.”
Oh yes you have, I thought.  “But you’re about to,” I said instead.
“I’m about to.”
I discovered that for all of a minute I hadn’t been breathing.  My lungs gulped in air.
“No,” I said.  “Where I come from you just did.”
Buster LeRoy started to raise his hand but I held up a finger.
“No you don’t,” I said.  “It’s my turn to talk.  You ramble around a lot, Sheriff LeRoy.  If you were interrogating me as a suspect I would have already given up and confessed out of sheer desperation just so I could keep two thoughts tied together.  First, let’s go back to who I am.  I’m just a family man, Sheriff.  I live for my wife and my kids and not much else.  So I’ve helped out a friend who happened to be a Texas Ranger—so what?  I didn’t know he was a Ranger when I first met him and circumstances put me in a position where I had to help him.  Circumstances also put me in that balloon where I nearly got myself killed and definitely my actions, or probably my inactions, got the sniper killed.  There’s a great deal about that which never leaked to the press and never will.  So, as you say, you have got a real problem here and for some reason you can’t solve it yourself.  I’ll want to know why, but we’ll get to that in a minute.  For now, let’s just say that I’ll see what I can do for you and your county, Sheriff.”
It was time to breathe again, and so I did.
“Well,” Sheriff LeRoy said as the town blurred by us on the hottest of all Texas days.  He poked the brim of his gray Stetson and it settled back on his head, revealing a broad, gristled brow.  Some county sheriffs I’d met were soft-spoken and seemingly benign while others bowled over everyone around them.  Buster LeRoy was somewhere in between.  While he calculatedly projected a rough exterior,  I was certain there was coolness and quietness beneath, and if there were both time and opportunity I found myself hoping I’d get to know him better.  Besides, doing the kinds of things I do it’s never a bad idea to have good friends in law enforcement, both far away and close to home.
“So,” he continued, but I cut him off.
“You say ‘so’ a lot.”
I noticed we were going seventy miles per hour in a forty zone.  He saw me glance at his speedometer and eased off the gas.
“Yeah, I guess I do.  So—”
“So,” I said, “You want me to help you find and bring in Edgar Bristow’s murderer, you want me to do it your way, you want to make sure you get all the credit for it if I can make everything go right and none of the blame if I can’t, and then you want me to disappear back into the blue sky from which I came.  How am I doing so far?”
He nodded.  “Not bad.  Not bad at all.  A little critical, maybe.  A little unkind, but you got to the heart of it.”
“Understood,” I said.  “Like I said, I’ll do it.”
He visibly relaxed.
“Bill,” he said, “I suppose maybe you’re alright.”
“My momma and my wife sometimes tell me that.”
“Well, there’s only the one thing you need to know.”
“What’s that?” I asked.
“About Edgar Bristow.”
“Tell me,” I said.
He paused.  We slowed for a traffic light in the heart of the town.
“Bristow.  I couldn’t stand that sonuvabitch.”
I digested that.  It took a moment.
“Does that make you any less able in your capacity as a law man?” I asked.
“It shouldn’t,” he said.
“Then what gives?” I asked.
“What gives is that I will be less able in my capacity, as you say, when the Feds come knocking, and they will come knocking.”
“Why?”
“Because,” Sheriff LeRoy said and swallowed, as if he were trying to wrestle a not very small frog down his throat, “I’ll be the prime suspect.”
“Did you kill Edgar Bristow?” I asked him.  Thus far I was not missing a beat.  That would likely change, however.  I don’t know how I knew this, but how does anyone know anything?
“No,” he said, and looked hard at me as the engine idled at the stop light.  “But a tire iron very likely bearing my fingerprints did.”

*****

A murder in a small Texas town is not normally the jurisdiction of Federal law enforcement, and I knew that Sheriff LeRoy knew that.  Which meant that there was something far worse going on than a simple murder, regardless of it having been the cold-blooded killing of a wealthy war hero and philanthropist.
It was a hot day but I suddenly felt cold inside.
We pulled over at a county filling station on the east end of town.  Next door was a greasy spoon, the kind where they change the grease traps every two or three weeks whether needed or not and where there would doubtless be found an old juke box and even older gum-chewing waitresses—exactly the kind of place Julie made sure I steered clear of.  My mouth watered and my stomach rumbled.  Samantha LeRoy’s dainty yet tasty little cheese sandwiches and licorice tea hadn’t made a dint in that great vacuum of space just south of my floating ribs.  I was surprised Buster wasn’t thirty or forty pounds lighter on such a diet, but lawmen rarely are.
“I’ll top the tank,” Buster said.  He followed my gaze when I stepped out of his cruiser and regarded the restaurant over the roof of the car.
“You hungry, Bill?”
“Maybe,” I said.  “Besides, I left my cell phone in the plane and I need to make a call.  Maybe they’ve got a pay phone.”
“They do,” he said.  “But you can use my cell phone any time.”
“Would it say ‘Sheriff’ on the caller-I.D. on the other end?” I asked.
Buster smiled.
“It might,” he said.
“Give me about ten minutes, then,” I said and started toward the café.
“I’ll give you fifteen.  And order me a roast beef sandwich and a cup of coffee.  I’ll be there in a few.  And don’t eat the chicken fried steak.”
I turned around and gave Buster a frown.
“And don’t try to pay for the meal.  I’ve got it all covered.”
“Anything else?” I asked him.
“Yeah.  I’m serious about that chicken-fried steak.  They never change the grease,” he said.

CHAPTER FOUR

I ordered for us and then went in search of a pay phone.  There are so few of them left in this age of instant communication.
I looked out one of the side windows of the restaurant as I plunked a line of quarters, one after the other, into an old pay phone which had been nailed to the wall just outside the restrooms.  Outside the large floor-to-ceiling tinted window stood a couple of acres of open field, parched and brown.  I had heard a few weeks back that a burn ban was in effect for most of the Texas Hill Country, and from my vantage-point I could see why.  In Texas, particularly Central Texas, we have four seasons:  Almost Summer, Summer, Still Summer, and Deer Season.  Summer is half the year, with the remaining seasons divided evenly among the remaining six months.  Just one match, I thought—
“Hello?” a lovely feminine voice spoke into my ear.
“Hi, honey?” I said.  Julie had answered on the first ring.
“Uh oh,” she said.
“What?” I asked.
“‘Honey’. It’s ‘honey’ when you’re in the thick of it.”
“No, that’s ‘baby’. ‘Honey’ is new,” I said.
“Oh.  So where are you now?  Lonesome Dove, Texas?”
“No.  Trantor’s Crossing.  Look, as you probably know, I won’t be home until late.”
“If at all tonight,” she finished for me, and of course, she was right.
“Yeah.”
“Okay.  Jessica has been bouncing her basketball all over the house, waiting for some one-on-one with her dad.”
“Tell her ‘I’m sorry’.”
Julie paused.  I hate it when she does that.  Her silences are often more palpable than any words.
“Okay, Bill,” her voice softened.  “I love you.”
“Same here.”
“Don’t get yourself in any trouble,” she said.  I knew she was going to say that.  But, then again, she knew I knew.  At least she hadn’t told me not to let myself get shot.
“Bye,” I said.
“Bye.”
Neither of us hung up.  The silence stretched out.
“We’re still in love, aren’t we?” I asked.
“Yeah.”
“Sucks, don’t it?”
“Yeah.”
“I wouldn’t change that for the world,” I said.
“Yeah.  Bye, baby,” she said.
“Bye.”
This time she hung up.  I listened to the silence for a moment, felt the wind blowing through my hair.  I was fifty miles from home, I was hungry, tired, and I felt like a fifteen year old after his first date.
Finally, I hung up the phone.
Who says anybody ever grows up?

*****

“Talk to your wife?” Buster asked me when I came back to the table and found him wolfing down his sandwich.
“Yeah.”
“Okay.  So is it alright for you to hang around a couple of days, until we can make some dust settle?”
“Sure, but I’m hoping for more like hours.”
Sheriff LeRoy chuckled.  “That would be fine by me.”
We ate in silence.  The way we went at the meal made it far too short, but at least I began to feel satiated.
When I offered to pick up the tab Buster shook his head.  He waved to the waitress—not old after all, more like a bored high-school kid—who rolled her eyes and then nodded an okay to him.  Buster planted his stetson on top of his head, pushed back his chair and said: “Come on, Bill.  It’s no charge today.”
The privileges of being the Sheriff.

*****

We headed back in the general direction of the airport, back to where it began.
“Why is it you couldn’t stand Edgar Bristow?  I asked. “Did he pee in your flower bed?  Insult your wife?  What?”
He let out a long, slow sigh.  I glanced out at the world around us.  Central Texas was in desperate need of few days of rain.  The landscape was all amber and dead brown, but for the occasional evergreen, and the fierce, stark sun beamed down, relentless.
“Let me tell you, Bill, I didn’t want to be Sheriff of this county.  I never wanted anything to do with law enforcement.  To this day it’s not easy for me to bust somebody for having one drink too many, or for giving in to their addictions, or for moments of bad judgement.  All crime is just plain stupid, as far as I’m concerned.  It’s easier just to go along and follow the law and use your noodle, you know?  Well, I was going to be an NPRC Champ.  That’s the National—”
“Pro Rodeo Circuit,” I finished for him.  “I’m familiar.”
“Yeah.  All I wanted to do was ride broncs and bulls and...  Hell, you don’t need to know all that.  What I’m getting at is that I never wanted to be sheriff.  But the last sheriff was crooked.  I got cornered at a barbecue stand here one Saturday morning by three longtime and trusted friends who demanded I run.  I raised every objection I could:  One—I didn’t want to run, to which they pointed out that in light of who the current sheriff was, it was my duty, two—I didn’t have the money for a campaign, but, of course, they had that covered, three—I was fine with Sheriff Sass because I left him alone and he left me alone, but their rebuttal was that no one else besides me had that opinion, and four—if I didn’t do it, they would hold me personally responsible for whatever the old bastard  did do.  So, I ran for office.  That’s when Bristow turned up, threw Sheriff Sass about fifty thousand bucks, and made life hell for me for about six months.”
“But it didn’t stop there, did it?” I said.
He turned to me, taking his eyes off the road.
“‘Course not.”
“How did you win?” I asked him.
“About six weeks before the election, the old buzzard dropped in his tracks from a massive heart attack.”
“You got lucky,” I said.
“Yeah.  Or unlucky, depending on your point of view.”
The miles ticked on by.  I waited, knowing it would all come out.  All I had to do was sit there, nod from time to time, stick in a word here and there, and the beans would spill.  I also had it figured that Sheriff LeRoy was the kind of fellow who didn’t discuss his job and its myriad related problems with his young and wholesome wife.  After all, he wanted to keep her.  So it was probably as certain as taxes in April that he likely had no one to spill the beans to.  Enter Bill Travis and his quiet ways.
“You probably want me to tell you about the fist fight,” Sheriff LeRoy said, but then we were turning into the airport.
“You and Bristow?” I asked.
“Yeah.  I know everyone in the county felt sorry for him when Molly was killed.”
“Molly?” I asked.
“His daughter.  Killed at age seventeen.  It’s an open case.  We never found the killer.  Probably never will, Bill.  And he hates me for it.  After she died he got meaner and meaner.  You’d have thought it would have broken him.  Something like that would have broken me, for sure.  After we find Edgar’s killer, I’m going after Molly’s.  It’ll be easier without Edgar... uh... standing in the way.”
The Sheriff’s last statement hung in the air between us.  I took in the looming airport and so saw them between the hangars as we rolled down the narrow drive:  twin black Ford Crown Victorias, parked side-by-side.
“Shit.  They’re already here,” Sheriff LeRoy said.
“I see that,” I said.
“Damned feds.”

CHAPTER FIVE

I recognized him instantly.  The tall black man in the navy blue suit was Agent Felix Bruce.  I had met him several years back about the same time I met Julie.  Felix and his partner Ben Cranford had been assigned to shut down the operation of a North Texas illegal liquor baron named Archie Carpin.  Carpin had very nearly succeeded in killing not only Julie, but me and a close associate, Hank Sterling.  Agent Bruce and I didn’t exactly like each other, but oddly, it was this mutual dislike that gave us something in common, a basis for grudging respect.
We pulled up on the tarmac, stopped and got out into the sweltering sun.
“Bill Travis,” Agent Bruce said.
“Agent Felix Bruce,” I said.  “Where’s Ben Cranford?”
“Retired.  He lives in a little village in Colorado, the same house he was born in.”
“Hmph,” I grunted.  “It’s probably more like a ski lodge.”
“You got that right,” Felix said.
“You two know each other, huh?” Sheriff LeRoy said.
“Unfortunately,” Agent Bruce said.  “Hello, Sheriff LeRoy.  Would you mind accompanying me and my associates to Austin?  We would like to have a little talk.”
“I’m sure it’ll be more than talk, and I seriously doubt the ‘little’ part as well.”
Felix Bruce’s light brown face was stony, unemotional.  He waited for an actual answer.
Buster LeRoy folded his arms across his chest.
The silence deepened between the two of them.
“Alright,” I said.  “Cut it out, you two.  Agent Bruce, is the Sheriff under arrest?”
“Not yet,” he said, his eyes remained locked with the Sheriff’s.
“Fine,” I said.  “Sheriff, maybe talking this all out will help.  Why don’t you go with them.  I’ll keep the home fires burning for awhile.”
“Talking won’t do any good,” he said.  “But I’ll go.  I like things nice and peaceful.  When they formally arrest me, I’ll make bail.  It’s already arranged.”
“Good,” I said.  “See, that wasn’t so hard.”
Both men visibly relaxed.
“I suppose,” Agent Bruce said, turning to me finally, “you’re looking for who you think is the real killer?”
“Possibly,” I said.
“Good luck, then,” he said and extended his hand.
I looked down at it.  How odd.  I’d never shaken his hand before.  What the hell? I thought, took his large hand in mine and shook it.
Three other men in navy blue suits emerged from the aircraft hangar walked briskly toward us.
“I don’t need luck,” I said.  “Don’t believe in it.  But thanks.”
Felix Bruce nodded.
“Can I have a moment with Mr. Travis?” Sheriff LeRoy asked.
Felix Bruce shrugged, turned and moved away.
Sheriff LeRoy turned to me.
“Bill, go talk to Lydia Stevens,” Sheriff LeRoy said.  I filed the name away in a little corner of my head that contained nothing else.  “Don’t worry about me.  I anticipated this and I’ll make bond.”
“Okay,” I said.  “Lydia Stevens.”
“Yeah.  Molly Bristow’s best friend.  Who knows.  Maybe she’ll talk to you.”
“Molly Bristow,” I said.  “As in Bristow’s murdered daughter.  You want me to look up her best friend?”
“Right.”  Sheriff LeRoy said and tossed me his cruiser keys.
“And tell my wife what’s going on, then you’re free to use my car until I’m...” his voice trailed off.  He had been going to say ‘free,’ but had second thoughts on it.
“Back home,” I finished for him.
“Yeah,” Buster said.  He glanced at Agent Bruce.  “Austin, huh?  I bet you’ve got an office in the Federal Building there.”
“A borrowed office.  My real office is my car,” Felix said.
“Okay. Fine,” Buster said.  “Let’s get this over with.”
Felix opened the rear door of his Crown Victoria and the Sheriff got inside.  Felix closed the door without slamming it.
“You want to tell me something?” he asked me.
“Yeah.  Buster LeRoy didn’t kill anybody,” I said.  “And you know he wants me to find out who did, which is why I’m along for this ride.  So my question is, are you going to stand in my way?”
“Who says I need to?”  Felix asked.  He then sighed and dropped the hard-edged facade he normally kept rigidly in place.  “Bill, I’ve got a job to do, and it looks like you’ve now got yours.  I suppose I mean it when I say ‘good luck’.”  
Felix offered me his hand, a peace offering of sorts, and I took it and shook. 
“It’s been a long time, Mr. Bruce,” I said.  “I never thought I’d see you again.”
“Me too, Mr. Travis.  I can’t say I’m glad to see you.  When I do see you, there’s usually hell to pay.”
“Same here,” I said.
He turned away from me, got into his car and drove off.  Sheriff LeRoy smiled and shrugged as they moved past me.
“Well,” I said to myself as the warm wind blew, “it’s just you and me, kid.”

*****

I stood there in the emptiness of the airport, not another soul in evidence.  I turned and regarded Denise’s Cessna, which was where we’d left it in what seemed like ages before, but had been a mere few hours.  It seemed to me that technically there was a log entry due for that last flight. 
In the exchange between Felix, Buster, and myself, there had been no mention of arrest, nary a word about other suspects or of murder weapons, nor any reference as to why the Federal Government was interested in a small town murder.
The hangar door was closed and a long streamer of yellow crime-scene tape covered both it and the smaller office door.  I could easily go in there... hell, I wanted desperately to go in there, but I suspected there would be little to see.  The place had been thoroughly photographed and probably swabbed clean.  And besides that, I reasoned with myself, it was likely locked, and apart from breaking the sanctity of the yellow tape, such actions could be classified as breaking and entering, an infraction for which I was not quite ready to pay the piper, deputized public servant or not.
I sighed to myself and fiddled with the keys to Buster LeRoy’s cruiser, which was parked on the tarmac not twenty feet away.  I regarded the car.
“Well,” I said to myself.  “You can’t make an omelet without breaking a few eggshells.”
AUTHOR’S NOTE

(Please note that this introduction was written prior to the demise of my good friend, Milton T. Burton, to whom I have dedicated this volume.)

	I discovered Raymond Chandler late in life.  If I had found him sooner, my life would probably have been a good bit different.  Before him, going back to what is for me the ancient of days (when dinosaurs roamed the Earth) there was the 1960s republication by Bantam Books of the old Doc Savage pulps.  And before that there was Tolkien, Richard Adams, and sci-fi’s Larry Niven.  Fantasy and Science Fiction may have brought me to the dance, but I left the dance with Mystery and Adventure, and we have been together ever since.
Any author is shaped by what he has read, no matter how much he will attempt to deny it. And therefore, there are a few books which have shaped this author from numerous genres, both fiction and nonfiction. I have listed them here, just in case there is any curiosity on the subject.  My seventy or so favorite books, in no particular order, are as follows:
A Princess of Mars by Edgar Rice Burroughs
Doc Savage: The Man of Bronze by Lester Dent
The Girl In A Swing and Watership Down by Richard Adams
The Little Girl Who Lives Down The Lane by Laird Keonig
Ringworld by Larry Niven
Logan’s Run by William F. Nolan and George Clayton Johnson 
2001: A Space Odyssey by Arthur C. Clarke
Haunted Mesa by Louis L’Amour
To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee
Up The Line by Robert Silverberg
Fever Dream by George R. R. Martin
Nine Princes In Amber and Roadmarks by Roger Zelazny
The Lathe of Heaven by Ursula K. LeGuin
The Kin Of Ata Are Waiting For You by Dorothy Bryant
Final Blackout and Battlefield Earth by L. Ron Hubbard
Twilight Eyes by Dean Koontz
Voyage: A Novel Of 1898 by Sterling Hayden
Dune by Frank Herbert
The Greatest Salesman In The World by Og Mandino
Lonesome Dove by Larry McMurtry
The Prophet by Kahlil Gibran
The Thornbirds by Colleen McCullough
World Without Stars and The Long Way Home by Poul Anderson
The Moon Is A Harsh Mistress by Robert A. Heinlein
The Onion Field by Joseph Wambaugh
Sho-gun and Taipan by James Clavell
Savage Season by Joe R. Lansdale
Shadowlands by Peter Straub
The Call Of The Wild by Jack London
Something Wicked This Way Comes by Ray Bradbury
The Civil War: A Narrative by Shelby Foote
Jonathan Livingston Seagull and Illusions: The Adventures Of A Reluctant Messiah by Richard Bach
The Mote In God’s Eye and Lucifer’s Hammer by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle
The Stand by Stephen King
The Lord of the Rings and The Silmarillion by J.R.R. Tolkien
The Witching Hour by Anne Rice
A Princess Bride by William Goldman
The Veils of Azlaroc and The Dracula Tape by Fred Saberhagen
Confessions Of A Kamikaze Cowboy by Dirk Benedict
City and The Waystation by Clifford D. Simak
Dracula by Bram Stoker
Yoga, Youth and Reincarnation and The Search For The Girl With The Blue Eyes by Jess Stearn
Pillars Of The Earth by Ken Follett
There Is A River by Thomas Sugrue
Atlantis: The Antediluvian World by Ignatius Donnelly
The Rogues Game by Milton T. Burton
Jumper and The Wildside by Stephen Gould
East of Eden and The Wayward Bus by John Steinbeck
Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned by Walter Mosely
In The Electric Mist With Confederate Dead by James Lee Burke
River God by Wilbur Smith
Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health by L. Ron Hubbard
The Pride of Chanur by C. J. Cherryh
Booked To Die by John Dunning
Pearls Are A Nuisance by Raymond Chandler

So that’s the list. These are my favorites, those I have read and will read again and again and again.  I could go on to list hundreds, but you get my point.
I mentioned Raymond Chandler in the beginning not because I wish to be his copyist, but because I earnestly attempt (at every pass) to capture a scintilla of what he could do largely by instinct:  impart the essence of the world in which he moved and the world of thought and imagination he gave his characters.  For the mystery and action reader, Chandler is the incontrovertible king.  However, there are two modern authors (one of whom is a very good friend of mine) who both approach and in many instances surpass Chandler.  These are Joe Lansdale and Milton T. Burton.  Whenever I’m in town, I drop in on Milton.  We regularly email, call and harass one another, and exchange manuscripts.  But both Milton and Joe are  decidedly in the Chandler category for the compelling tale, the turn of just the right phrase, and that sense of thereness I’ve always sought in my own writing.  And, to top it off, they are both Texas writers.  And that’s just as it should be.
As you’ll note, some on my list are “classics”, some are epics—what are now called “blockbusters”—while still  others are quaint and brief sojourns.  For instance, Laird Koenig’s The Little Girl Who Lived Down The Lane is no more than about 65 pages, about the same length as The Legend of Sleepy Hollow and Herman Melville’s Billy Budd. Comparatively, Steven Crane’s Red Badge of Courage is a tome.  So regardless of length, they are, all of them, true gems.
So, books.  Louis L’Amour thought it important enough to list his favorites in his Education Of A Wandering Man.  The thread running all the way through that autobiography was books, the books that influenced him, the stories for which he yearned as a young man and that gave him the best education he ever had.  Abe Lincoln, as the legend goes, walked for many miles to borrow a book (and it’s in my nature to wonder how far he walked—if ever—to lend one).  My wife Sallie recently gave me a satchel which bears a large imprint which reads:  “My best friend is a person who will give me a book I have not read.”  And, of course, that’s Lincoln saying that.  He must have meant it.  It’s more brief than his address at Gettysburg, and tells far more about the man.  Interestingly enough, the flip-side of that bag reads: “When I have a little money I buy books, and when I have a little more I buy food and clothing.”  Erasmus said that, many, many years ago, and that about sums it all up.
There has never, in my recollection, been a time when I have not been either reading or writing, or both.  As my darling wife, Sallie, remarked once, these are the two things I will do, no matter what else is going on.  And while I might not be able to write anywhere, at any time (L’Amour once said you could park him down in the median of an Interstate highway, and he would write something) I have been known to carry a book to a movie theater, a political speech, and even a funeral.  Also, I have been known to read upwards of ten books at a time.  And sometimes (as the count begins to climb) when I dream, the characters and settings from these diverse milieus come together and pow-wow with me, and the results, to the say the least, are interesting.
The old saying is “a writer writes.”  I would amend that by saying he also reads.  He reads a lot.  And he probably can’t damned well help it—unless of course his vision has begun to fail him.  Some of us have the book bug pretty bad.  I’ve got an especially virulent case.  I even like very old books.  I don’t care if the text is ancient Latin, I’ll collect the damned thing and try to piece it all together in some way.
My father instilled in me a respect for the printed word at a very early age.  We never destroyed books.  We lent them or gave them away, occasionally sold them, or donated them to charity.  But trash them?  Unh-uh!  I once picked up a very nice limited edition of a very old Kipling sitting on top of a dumpster behind a used bookstore.  I snagged it and gave it to one of my friends as a gift.  It was a first edition.  A treasure. (And an aside here, about Kipling and politics:  There is a propensity in these modern times to categorize the old bwana as a racist.  I believe you have to take into account the times in which an author lived and the prevailing attitudes and currents of the streams in which he swam, if you want a real picture of who someone was.  But to throw out everything he wrote on the basis of some “think” on the subject, is the height of egomania.  Rudyard Kipling’s works are for reading, not political discourse.  He is still a damned good read, inner city School Boards notwithstanding.) So...  books.
Waxing philosophic now, I believe books—like music and art—are our links to immortality.  Someone thought it up and got it printed somehow.  Someone read it.  Someone passed it on, just as I’ll pass all mine on.  And somehow the genus of thought and wonder, the loving and careful turn of the page, is passed on as well.
And who knows, perhaps a hundred or a thousand years from now a fragment of my work will survive.  And the one reading it—or possibly translating it—will understand me in some profound way, all the way across that blackest of gulfs we know as time.

George Wier
Austin, Texas
SLOW FALLING

A Bill Travis Mystery


by

George Wier

DEDICATION

	For Sallie. 

PROLOGUE

	The song goes: “She wants what she wants when she wants it...” sung in a slow drawl.  The steel guitar comes in right on time between this line and the next, which is essentially the same line repeated many times, and then fades into the background where it belongs.
	You can hear the music outside the old country tavern next to the row of Harley-Davidson motorcycles which are all outfitted in chrome and leather and wearing a thin veil of dust.  An orange-pink glow hop-scotches along silvery, polished mufflers like distant slow lightning, the reflection of a rapidly dwindling sun.  Engines tick away road heat like old clocks winding inevitably downward, and for a moment the bikes become the mechanical counterparts of flesh and blood riding-beasts of old, though these hot-blooded animals drink in high octane and spit fire and their masters are the riders of dragons, if in no other place than their own minds. For now the masters are inside tanking up and telling tall tales while their mounts outside bide the time.
	Inside, they are, to a man, doctors, lawyers, and sundry account executives, the starched white-collar usually worn on week days now hanging in dark closets, having been placed there by paid maid services or dutiful wives who dream of the men they could or should have married instead.  The wide boards beneath their boot-shod feet are oak planks with even cracks between that could swallow a silver dollar, but which usually swallow grime and spilt beer.
	“I’m telling you, they went over that cliff,” a high-pitched, sand-papery voice intones.  The speaker is white-haired, close-cropped, and he hasn’t shaved since Friday morning.  He thumps the table.  “Boom.”
	“More like tumble-tumble-tumble-tumble–OOF!” another voice states, and laughs out loud.
	“It’s not funny,” White-hair says.  “Those are some hair-pin turns up there, and the bottom is five...  hundred feet down.”
	“You almost said ‘five-thousand.’”
	There is no reply to this quip.  Instead White-hair tastes his beer with a thin, quick tongue.  Winces.
	“Besides,” the other voice says, “I think it’s someone’s practical joke.”  His voice is deep, commanding, yet bored.  Also he is younger than White-hair by ten or fifteen years.  “You go out and put up a cross at a particularly bad hair-pin turn way up in the hills, you tack a board to it and paint ‘Lee and Grace—Rest In Peace’ on it, and what do you get?  I’ll tell you.  Every guy on a bike heading into that turn slows way the hell down just to read it.  It conjures an image, you know.  I can almost see them myself.  Grace has got her arms around Lee.  She reaches down and gives his junk a good squeeze, he turns his head to smile back at her, then all of a sudden she’s screaming in his ear.  He looks up but it’s too late.  Through the guard-rail and down in slow motion like Thelma and Louise while Grace is screaming and flailing her arms about and Lee’s yelling ‘Mommmmaaaa’.  It’s bullshit.  That’s what I say.”
	“I think there’s a story there,” White-hair says.  “It could make a good book, maybe.”
	“The sad story of Lee and Grace,” the other man says.  “I thought you were a bankruptcy lawyer.”
	“I am,” White-hair says.
	There are a dozen peacockish men and a few rough-looking women in the long, undulating room, and toward the back brood a pair of coin-operated pool tables with tell-tale wear spots crying out for new felt.  Blurry, color-faded balls click into one another while clouds of blue cigarette and cigar smoke slowly tumble about eight feet overhead like indoor weather.  In essence, the place is it’s own time zone wrapped up in a time warp and shielded from the remainder of Earth by an IQ-dampening field of blaring, introverting, badly-written and badly-sung country music—not that there is anything particularly wrong with that.  You could call the place Honky-tonk Heaven or Nowheresville or Shit-kick Inn, take your pick, except for the fact that a long, hand-painted sign on the tin roof outside proclaims it as Sonny’s Place, whoever the hell Sonny is or was.  The bartender’s name is Pud.
	“Hey Pud!  Another pitcher here!”
	Pud slaps his meaty arm across the counter and flexes his fingers.  “Ten bucks,” he says.
	“Come on, man.  You know I’m good for it,” the voice says.
	“Ten bucks,” Pud repeats.
	Pud sweats.  He sweats constantly.  He sweats as much behind the bar as he does at home in the middle of the night while wondering if there exists a woman that is thin-waisted, thin-wristed, and as pretty enough for his tastes as she is—and of necessity must be—unmindful of his smell, the last of which he is too well aware.  His doctor has labeled his malady as adrenal-fatigue, which sounds too much to him like an old-woman’s disease.  He knows it will kill him one day, suddenly and without warning.
	Alexander Hamilton crosses Pud’s palm and cool, salving medicine is administered from a rusted spigot.
	The front door opens with nary a rustle.  In walks a thin man.  Not just thin, though.  Gaunt.  The word that comes to mind is ‘emaciated.’  His clothes are nearly falling off of his bony frame and are apparently held up by their heavy dirt content alone.  The man is covered in dirt from head to foot.  He could be a grave-robber, but upon closer inspection—if one can look for more than a fleeting glance at such a specimen without wincing away—the bets shift over toward the grave-robbee column.  And, as is traditional when confronted by the supernatural, the weird, the fantastic, or the downright ugly, conversation in the room comes to a grinding, gear-stripping halt.
	“Falling,” the man croaks into the room.
	The music blares on.
	The incident of the appearance of the gaunt man is palpable, and the passage of time has no power over it.
	Pud takes three steps to his right and unplugs the juke box, whereupon a species of silence ensues.  The silence is made even more thick by the distant, oscillating rattle of the deep freeze somewhere to the rear of the kitchen and by big trucks moving along the Interstate a mile away over the fields.
	Every head turns.  Not a few faces register disgust.
	“Falling.”
	“Say, old-timer,” White-hair speaks up, his voice little more than a thin whistle.  “You look like you could use a drink.”
	“Or a sandwich,” Pud says.
	“Or two,” the man who thinks road-side crosses are the first relative to a bad joke intones, then adds:  “Or a bath.”
	White-hair titters and very nearly speaks, but the bulging eyes of the dirty man track toward him, fall upon him, devour the words before he can form them in his mind.
	“The Falling,” the man says, and then, heeding his own words, tumbles forward onto the oak floor.
	“Shit,” Pud says, and comes around the bar as chair legs scrape backwards around the room.
	They gather around him in a circle, the formerly mildly-inebriated now stone-sober.  Pud begins to reach downward but his thick slab-of-lard hand pauses in mid-air.
	The figure stirs, coughs, and flecks of blood spray the floor.
	“Shit,” Pud intones again.  It is his anchor-word.  It is a word that ends all words.
	“Faw-ling,” the man says.  A trickle of blood runs from his mouth, followed by a syrupy flood of it.  It pools there on the board and runs into the wide crack.
	“That man,” a busty woman wearing a skin-tight tank top says, “is dead.”
	“What the hell do we do?” White-hair asks.
	“Good God,” Pud says.  “I think maybe I better call Sonny.”

CHAPTER ONE

	Things come in threes and it's while reeling from the second that the third hits, as if the universe is saying: “I told you so, even though you didn’t want to believe me.”  At least that’s the way it always seems to happen to me.
	For instance my secretary, Penelope, had a fight with her live-in boyfriend, and I was at the police station with her and in the process of helping her get a temporary protective order placed on his skinny, ne’er-do-well ass, when I got a call from my wife telling me that she was having labor pains—and although that by no means is a bad thing, it’s a wonderful thing, it's yet within the classification of a thing to be handled immediately in one fashion or another.  So, I was on my way to meet Julie at the hospital, and worried sick (not solely about Julie, no—I was concerned about the whole troop:  Julie with the baby trying to come into the world, our youngest little girl no doubt strapped into the back seat of Julie’s Ford Expedition, while Jessica, our adopted daughter, the ink not yet fully dry on her Learner’s Driving Permit, likely hunched over an unfamiliar steering wheel and grinning from ear to ear like the little demoness she is, dodging through traffic) when I got a call from Dexter “Sonny” Raleigh, who proceeded to fill me in—despite my avid protest—on the event of a dirty old man suddenly dropping dead at his roadside tavern way out south of town, in another county entirely.
	“You won’t be held liable, Sonny,” I said.  “Bye, Sonny.”
	“You’re sure?” he said before I could hang up.  I whipped around too-slow interstate feeder-road traffic and punched the gas.  I could almost hear my twenty-five year old Mercedes say “Huh?” right before it kicked into a high whine and the squirrels underneath my hood started doing triple-time on their little habitrail wheels.
	“Certain, Sonny,” I said.  “Look, I’ll call you later.  I’m in the middle of something.”
	A horn blared as I dodged two lanes over and around an eighteen-wheeler, the driver having let loose with his air-horn.
	“Sounds like you’re in a demolition derby,” Sonny said.
	“Uh.  Almost,” I admitted.  “I gotta go, Sonny.”
	“Come by my place tonight, Bill,” he said.
	“May not be able to,” I said.  “Julie’s in labor.”
	Sonny guffawed loudly.
	“Bill,” he said, when the laughter quieted and just as I squeaked through an intersection on a yellow light, “you should find out what causes that.”
	“Very funny, Sonny.  Here, talk to Penny.  I’m driving.”
	I tossed my cell phone in Penny’s general direction and her hands did a little juggling act with it for a moment.
	“Mr. Raleigh,” Penny said, all business-like, which is upsettingly disarming and cute at the same time, “is it alright if Mr. Travis returns your call at some later time?”
	“You go, Penny,” I whispered.  She punched my arm.
	“Ow,” I whispered, and made my right tire dance around a low curb.  We were two blocks from the hospital.
	I could hear Sonny’s laughter and his deep voice.  “Fine.  Fine.  Tell that sonuvabitch to call me tonight,”
	“Thank you, Mr. Raleigh,” Penny said and hung up.  “Really, sir, where do you get these people?
	“The same place...” I began, then let it go.  It wouldn’t have been very nice.  I had been about to tell her: ‘the same place you came from.’
	“You were saying?” she asked, clearly understanding.
	“Never mind!  We’re here.”

*****

	There is something about being in the delivery room.  No father should ever do it, despite what all of the nature-nurture holistic-approach people have to say about it.  What those folks won’t tell you about is what it’s like to be in the same room with the woman you love as her insides are turned out for her, which is what it’s really like.  They won’t mention the curtain of pain she radiates, nor the timbre of the ill-formed words she is likely to sling your way during the afore-mentioned inside-out process.  Take a loving bundle of pure love and intimacy and transform it into a writhing, spitting wildcat in a burlap sack, and you’ve pretty well got the whole thing pegged.  That is, before and during.  Fortunately afterwards, the concerned husband having survived the unholy encounter with his wits intact and enough blood in his head to assure he stays on his feet, it’s different all over again.  Needless to say, I turned my head when they cut the cord.
	“Oh Bill,” Julie cooed.  “She’s so precious.”
	“Yeah,” I swallowed, throat-lump approaching grapefruit proportions the moment after I turned to gaze upon the new Travis.  Julie held her, swaddling clothes, the whole bit.
	“Her name?” an attentive nurse asked me, and placed a firm, balancing hand on my shoulder.
	I looked at Julie and she looked up at me and began crying.
	“Uh,” I said.  “If it’s what we agreed on, then her full name is Michelle LeAnn Travis.”
	Julie nodded, both smiling and boohoo-ing at the same time.
	I leaned over and peered at the tiny, pinched face.  Something happened then, something entirely unexpected.  Possibly I dreamed it.  Michelle’s eyes popped open, she took a look at me, frowned, and then sprayed my face with throw-up.
	“Aww,” the nurses proclaimed in unison.  The doctor laughed.
	“Michelle loves her daddy,” Julie said.
	The doctor patted my back and handed me a towel.
	“It’s a good, healthy sign,” he said, which actually rang true with me.  Sometimes you have to walk through hell to get a little slice of heaven.

*****

	Sonny Raleigh was chatting with Jessica in the waiting room when I came out to make the announcement.  I acted as if he wasn’t there.  Served him right.
	Sonny was a short, barrel-chested fellow with permanent dark circles under his eyes and a knowing, mischievous grin painted on his face.  He was about my age but looked ten years older, the result of hard and fast the-devil-may-care-but-I-sure-as-hell-don’t living.  Sonny used to race stock cars back in the eighties.  A maverick from the Land of Mavericks, which is to say South Central Texas.  I liked the old sonuvabitch—that is, when I could stand his company.  At least he paid he had a healthy account with me and usually kept his mouth shut.  Usually.
	Jessica had Jennifer on her lap.  Jenny was wriggling and trying to free herself.  She was in the toddling stage and the whole wide world was her playpen.
	“Yay Mom,” Jessica said.  “Mrs. Fertility strikes again.”
	“Hush,” I said.
	“Day Hom,” Jenny articulated, and wiggled her butt.  Jessica let her slide to the floor and I reached down and snatched her up before she could toddle away.  She could be pretty fast.
	“Daddy,” Jessica said, “you smell like throw-up.”
	“I said ‘hush’.  Mom’s gonna be okay.  You have a new baby sister.”
	“Michelle?”
	“Yeah.”
	“Way to go, Bill,” Sonny said and offered his hand.  I shook.  He handed me a cigar.  “That’s a Kinky Friedman cigar,” he said.  “Slow burning, just like the Kinkster.”
	“Uh, thanks,” I said.  “Why are you here, Sonny?”
	“It’s that—”
	“Dirty old man?” I finished for him.  “You’ve got nothing to worry about there, Sonny.  He came in your front door and dropped dead.  Ask any lawyer.  You’ve got zero liability.”
	“I already called a lawyer.  He said the same thing.”
	“Then why are you here?” I asked.
	He gripped my arm, led me a few paces away from Jessica and whispered to me:  “Because, this sort of thing is right up your alley.”
	“I don’t have an alley, Sonny.  I’ve got a green belt out back of my place, but no alley.”
	“Har-dee har har.  Look, the old man said something about ‘The Falling’.”
	“Right before he fell?”
	“Yeah.”
	“Sonny, he was probably describing how he felt.”
	“I don’t think so.”
	“Take the case, dad,” Jessica said.  I looked to my right and she was right there.  So much for secrecy.  She handed Jennifer off to me.
	“Yeah,” Sonny said, “take it, Bill.  I want to know who this guy was, how he wound up twenty miles from anywhere at my bar, and why he died.”
	“And what he meant by ‘The Falling’, right?”
	“Exactly!”
	“I don’t have the time just now, Sonny.  I’ve got a recovering mother to watch over, kids to raise up with moral fiber, and bills to pay.”
	“Yeah, yeah.  Heard all that.  Great.  Come on, you’d be doing me a big favor.”
	“I’m sure I would.  I’m no private investigator, just in case you’re forgetting.”
	“I can help you, dad,” Jessica said.
	Sixteen years old with an attitude, as if she could boss anybody around, including her teachers and her parents.  And then I recalled an exploding house and Jessica and me being tossed across fifty feet of space by the shock wave.
	“You can’t help me, Jess.  No way.”
	“Then you’ll do it?  Thanks, Bill!”  Sonny grabbed my left hand and shook it, as if doing that were the most natural thing in the world.  My right held Jenny, busily attempting to shred my cigar.  I wanted that cigar.
	“Whoa!” I exclaimed.
	“You won’t regret it, Bill,” Sonny exclaimed, a broad grin spreading across his face.
	“Yay dad!” Jessica said and took Jenny from my arm and patted her diapered backside.  Jenny very nearly succeeded in getting my cigar and it took both of us to pry her tight little fingers off of it, carefully.
	Jenny frowned at me.
	“Is there any sign of foul play in this one?” I asked Sonny.
	“I don’t know.  But the coroner’s boys left right on the heels of a fellow who wanted to know all about it.  I think I got his card somewhere.
	“A cop?” I asked.
	“Uh.  I think so.  Some kind of investigator.”
	“‘Investigator’ does not always mean ‘cop’,” I said.  Call me Mr. Worldly Wise.
	“I know that,” Sonny said.  “Like I said, some kind of investigator.  I think maybe a cop.”
	“Go home, Sonny,” I said.  “I’ll ask around.  It’s probably all I can do anyway.”
	“That’s good enough for me,” he said.  “How much do I owe you?”
	“If there are any expenses to amount to anything, I’ll draft your trust account.  I’m your trustee, after all.”
	Sonny was already heading for the hospital exit.  He flashed another grin over his shoulder and Jessica waved at him.
	“Um, Dad,” Jessica said, turning to me, “Mom’s gonna be pissed you took another case.”
	“You like seeing people in trouble,” I told her.  “It’s a serious character flaw.  And watch your language.  And by the way, where has Penny gotten off to?”
	“She’s making time with that doctor over there,” Jessica said and pointed.
	I turned to look.  Sure enough, my secretary was fifty feet away in a very close-bordering-on-intimate conversation with a young doctor, who appeared almost as interested in her as she decidedly was in him.  At least her taste in men was changing.  This doctor very likely had not a tattoo anywhere on him.  Also, I was willing to bet he had bathed before coming to work, two little items at which Penny’s previous beau would have scoffed.
	“It’s not polite to point,” I said.
	“I think she likes him,” Jessica said.  “Maybe they’ll get married and have a bunch of rug rats just like you and mom.”
	“Great,” I said.  “Give me your mother’s car keys.”
	Jessica deflated.  Sometimes being a dad is tough.  Probably it’s as tough as being a daughter.  “And go change Jennifer’s diaper, Jess.”  I handed Jenny back to her.
	“Ugh.  Dad, this girl drips.”

CHAPTER TWO

	I made a mistake.
	I took a stroll outside the hospital in the late evening as the sun began the last few rungs of her downward climb.  While walking along I very foolishly did what I’d told Sonny Raleigh I was going to do:  I made a phone call.  Just one little call which precipitated all hell breaking loose, which is how it usually starts.  Some people never learn.
	Many years before I met a fellow named Patrick Kinsey.  Patrick was a green Sheriff’s deputy at the time.  Over the years, through hard work, good instincts and a predator’s sense of patience, he made his slow but sure way up through the ranks to Chief Deputy.  I had helped him out a time or two in the past and he was always ready to take my calls.  That is, until the moment I asked him if he had heard anything about a certain old codger dropping dead a county over.
	“Leave that one alone, Bill,” Patrick said.
	I suppose there was a long pause there for a moment.  You know, the kind that has it’s own quantifiable specific gravity.
	“Earth to Bill.  Repeat.  Come in Bill.”
	“What gives?” I asked.
	“What was it in ‘leave that one alone’ that you did not fully understand?” Patrick asked.
	“Oh, I think maybe it was the missing ‘because’, followed by the missing succinct explanation,” I told him.
	“That ‘because’ is exactly why ‘leave that one alone’ was stated succinctly in the first place.  But I know you, you nosy, persistent bastard.  You’re now officially off and running.  I used to have this dog—”
	“That tavern is out of your jurisdiction, Patrick,” I said.
	“You should read my badge some time,” he said.  “If I’m not misquoting it, around the shield can be read the phrase ‘State of Texas’.  You know how many square miles of jurisdiction that gives me?”
	I hung up.
	Waited.
	A minute later Patrick called me back.  I flipped the cover of my cell phone upward, which automatically receives the call, then closed it with a slap.
	I waited.
	Thirty seconds later it rang again.  I needed to change my ring tone, which Jessica had changed to some weird Rap tune that was annoying as hell.
	Flip open.  Slap.
	I waited.
	Nothing.
	After two minutes I called him back.
	“Okay, Goddammit,” he said.  “What are you planning to do?”
	“Nothing right now.  I was just asking, Patrick.  Julie just had the baby and—”
	“Well, hell.  Congrats.  I need to give you a cigar.”
	“Already got one.  Look, all I want to know is, why is it I should leave it alone?  You know, I can think for myself.  I’ve got kids to feed, Patrick.  I’m not going to go running off.”
	“Okay.  Alright already.  Jeez.  Okay, I’m coming down there.  What I have to tell you can’t go out over the airwaves.  You’ll see when I tell you why.  Same hospital as last time?”
	“Yep.”
	“Okay.”  Patrick hung up.  I have this way with people, you know.  It’s really my only skill.
*****

	Julie was stable, but her pediatrician wanted her and the baby to stay overnight.  She was upstairs sleeping, the baby in a tiny bed right beside her.
	Penny was about to drive Jessica and Jenny home when Patrick came into the waiting room.  Jessica ran over to him and threw her arms around him.  Patrick lifted her up off the floor.
	“Dang, girl,” Patrick said.  “You’re almost full grown.”
	“I am full grown,” she said.  “I’ve got breasts.”
	“Hey!” I said.  “That’s enough of that.”
	Jessica smiled wickedly as Patrick put her down.
	“A handful, aren’t they,” he said to me.  “Uh, meaning the kids.”  Patrick blushed.
	“I’m surrounded by women,” I told him.
	“Hello, Penny,” Patrick said to my secretary, who stood up.
	“Good to see you, Deputy Kinsey,” Penny said.  “But somehow I can’t help think this can’t be good.”
	“Smart girl, Bill.  Maybe I should hire her out from under you.  Be doing her a big favor.”
	“Take these rug rats home, Penny,” I said.  “And if you could wait until I get there before heading out, I'd appreciate it.”
	“What's the matter, dad?” Jessica asked.  “I have to babysit all the time, you know.  I can take care of Jenny.”
	“I wasn't talking to you,” I told her.  “How about it, Penny?”
	“Oh, sure,” she said.  But I knew there was more.  I waited and then realized she was waiting instead.
	“Oh,” I remembered.  “I'll pay you for the extra time.  Right after I give you my bill for helping you get rid of Rocky.”
	“Mr. Travis—” she began, and then changed her mind.
	I didn't have to, but I folded.  Women do that to me.
	“Forget it,” I said.  “Take an extra day of pay out of petty cash when you get to the office on Monday.”
	Penny smiled.  Jessica reached up and high-fived her.
	“You're a pushover, dad,” she said.
	Goodbyes and waves exchanged fully and in abundance, Patrick and I were finally alone in a corner of the waiting room.
	“Okay,” I said.  “Hit me with it.”
	“I didn’t tell you any of this,” he said.
	“Got it.”
	“The old man, who didn’t have any I.D. on him, was one Dale Freeman of Liberty, Nebraska.  Thirty-eight years old—”
	“What?”
	“You heard me.  You were right there two seconds ago when I said it.  Thirty-eight years old.”
	“Okay.  That’s too weird.”
	“That’s not half of it.  As of a few four hours ago the NRC descended en masse upon a certain little roadside tavern—”
	“Wait a minute.  NRC?  As in—”
	“Nuclear Regulatory Commission.  That place is now closed up tighter than a mouse’s ass.”
	“You have such a way with words, Patrick.”
	“Save it.  The reason I’m involved is that I had to find the people who were in that bar. I was able to locate, um, most of them.  They’re at a remote location being checked out and thoroughly debriefed.”
	“Most?  People are missing?” I asked.
	“Yeah.  But just one.  A bankruptcy lawyer named Moe Keithley.  He was last seen riding his hog off into the sunset.”
	“Which way?”
	“West, I believe.”
	“Hog meaning motorcycle, right?  A Harley?”
	“Yep.  That would look sort of funny, a bankruptcy lawyer on a pig's back.”
	“Damn,” I whispered.  “Are the others, the people...  um...”
	“You mean, do they have radiation sickness?  No.  Low level dosage.  Fortunately they weren’t near the body for more than a few minutes.  All except for Keithley.  As I understand it, he hovered over the body from the moment that guy keeled over and up to the minute the coroner’s boys arrived.”
	“How long?” I asked.
	“About forty-five minutes, give or take.”
	“Geez.”
	“Yeah.  The body was being wheeled through County Hospital and downstairs to the morgue when machines started flipping out.”
	“X-ray machines?  CT machines?  Stuff like that?”
	“Yeah.  Look, Bill.  This one is strictly a stay-away-from.  The Highway Patrol is looking for Keithley, state-wide.”
	“What about the bar?”
	“Closed till further notice.”
	“Sonny’s going to call me.”
	My phone rang.  Sonny.
	“It’s him,” I said.
	“You’re clairvoyant, Bill,” Patrick said.
	“No.  I just know Sonny.”
	I flipped my cell phone open.
	“Sonny, this is Bill and I know your bar has been closed and the government is there and your bartender and some of your customers are in custody.  I’m on it.  Everything is going to be fine.  Don’t go near that damned bar.”
	A long slow sigh was audible over the phone.
	I hung up.
	“What are you going to do now, Bill?”  Patrick asked.
	“I’m going home to get some sleep,” I said.
	And, of course, that never happened.

CHAPTER THREE

	The night that never ended began with a simple internet search for Dale Freeman.  There were six hundred ninety-two Dale Freemans in the continental United States.  Once I limited the search to Liberty, Nebraska, a town I’d never heard of, there were only two of them.
	I called up the first one listed and once I confirmed his name, I tried to sell him life insurance.  I don’t sell life insurance, but it seemed a good way to get him to hang up on me.  It worked.
	The next call rang and rang and was finally answered by a machine.  A woman’s voice.  She sounded business-like and to the point.  I demurred leaving my name or call-back number.
	I sat there, looking at the phone.  When it rang thirty seconds later I nearly fell off my chair.
	“Travis,” I answered.
	“Mr. Travis, my name is Bertram Hague,” the deep voice said.  “The Feds just let me go.  I called up Sonny Raleigh after they dropped me off at home.  He told me to call you.”
	“You were there when the old man dropped dead?” I asked.
	“Yeah.”
	“Where can we meet?”
	He named one of my favorite hamburger joints, a place Julie doesn’t like me to frequent because of my climbing cholesterol level.  Sometimes I think that she thinks I’m getting old or something.
	“I can be there in twenty minutes,” I said.
	“Fine.”
	“By the way, what do you do for a living?” I asked
	“I’m a doctor,” he said.

*****

	Waterloo Icehouse is an Austin favorite off of Lamar Boulevard north and west of downtown.  The ‘Waterloo’ part is from the town’s original name, the sleepy little village of Waterloo that once sat on the gently sloping hills north of the Colorado River.  When Mirabeau B. Lamar and a surveyor began platting out the town with survey stakes for the site of the new State Capitol around 1840s, they named the place 'Austin' after the man who was, by popular acclaim, the Father of Texas:  Stephen Fuller Austin, and thereby hangs a tale.  Waterloo Icehouse is nothing like any icehouse that could have ever been situated in the non-extant town of Waterloo.  It's a stylish hamburger joint with live music on Friday and Saturday nights.
	At 10:30 that night business was slow.  I waited at a booth not far from the front door, and when the man with the salt-and-pepper beard entered, I knew it was Bertram Hague.  His appearance matched his voice.
	“Dr. Hague?” I asked as he approached.
	“Yeah,” he said.  I motioned for him to take a seat and he slid in across from me.
	“How radioactive are you, Dr. Hague?” I asked.
	“Radioactive?  Barely above background levels.  I’m safe.  I got to see the readings myself.  Now Moe, on the otherhand—”
	“Moe Keithly?”
	“Yeah.  I’m worried about the old guy.  After the coroner’s boys took that old codger’s body out of there, he headed out.  Most of the rest of us stuck around but a few left.  Thirty minutes later the Feds descended on the place and those who had left were rounded up and brought back.  All except Moe.”
	“Where do you think he went, if you don’t mind me asking?”
	“I’m not sure of the exact location, but I can guess within about thirty or so miles.  It’s up in the Southwest Texas hills.”
	There was more he wasn't saying, and I guessed at what it was and hit the bullseye right off.
	“But you didn't tell the Feds that,” I said, not as a question.  I was sure I was right.
	“That's right,” Dr. Hague said.
	“You don't have much use for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, do you, Dr. Hague?  Are they too lax for you?”
	Dr. Bertram Hague leaned back against his cushion seat, ran a large hand through his wavy salt and pepper hair and regarded me with steady eyes.
	“There is a difference between licensing and regulation,” he said.  “Back in the eighties I used to go to all the nuclear protests.  I'd drive to Canada to protest one if I knew a nuclear power plant was going up.  And now, after what happened in Japan, and after studying every earthquake fault in North America—” 
	“I get the picture,” I said.  “You don't have to explain further.  You would prefer better regulation and stiffer licensing.”
	“Exactly, although no licensing would be better.”
	It was time to change the subject.  “What are you drinking?” I asked.
	“Beer.  I don’t care what kind.”
	I called toward the counter and asked for a glass of beer for Dr. Hague.
	“Thanks,” he said.  “By the way, do you ride?”
	“Motorcycles?  Nope.  I had a friend once who got himself killed.”
	“Yeah, I hear that a lot,” he said.
	“I’ll bet.”
	“It’s a funny thing about riding a bike, the surest way to get yourself good and dead is to be very careful.  I’ve never even had a close call.  I just putt-putt along minding my own business.  I never was in a hurry to get anywhere.”
	“Sounds reasonable,” I said.  “Did those federal guys give you any clue as to what the deceased may have been exposed to?”
	“Not a one.  They were all het up about finding out for themselves.”
	“I’ll bet,” I said.
	The beer showed up.  The bartender let me start a small tab.  It felt almost like the good old days.  I gave in to the low rumble in my stomach and ordered a hamburger.  Dr. Hague demurred any food.  He nursed his beer as if it were a small, very rare and perhaps endangered animal.
	A silence ensued.  In the background there was chitter-chatter and plates clattering together behind the bar as Dr. Hague and I studied one another.
	“You know something,” he began.
	“What’s that?”
	“There was something wrong with that old man.”
	“Yeah?” I asked.  “What?”
	“I don’t know.  I can’t place it, exactly.  He wanders in as quiet as you please, covered from head to foot with dirt.  His eyes were practically popping out of his head.  And he says ‘The Falling’.  Not ‘falling’, no sir, but ‘The Falling’.  And then, of course, he did just that.  Folded up like an accordion.  Bam!  Dead.”
	I nodded.  Waited.
	“It was like he had just crawled his way out of his own grave.”
	I shivered.
	“Yeah,” Dr. Hague said.  “That’s just how I felt when I first laid eyes on him.”
	“Dr. Hague, how old do you think that fellow was?”
	“I’d say mid-seventies.  All skin and bones, too.”
	“Nope,” I said.  “Try thirty-eight.”
	“Well hell,” he said, and then took a deep draught of his beer.

*****

	I invited Dr. Bertram Hague back to my office.  I run a financial consultation business in partnership with Julie's uncle, Nat Bierstone.  The building is actually an old home, late nineteenth century Greek Revival, complete with Corinthian columns.  Like many downtown Austin homes it was long ago converted to a professional office. 
	Once back, I put in a quick call to the nurses station at the hospital for a check-up on Julie.  Both mother and babe were sleeping.  Then I remembered flowers and made a note to myself to order some first thing in the morning.
	“Nice office,” Dr. Hague said.  “I’ve been thinking of going into private practice and getting one of these old homes myself.”
	“I recommend it,” I said.  “Except I don't own this one.  My partner owns it. In today's market one of these would go for a cool million. Maybe more, but no less.”
	The night outside my window seemed crisp and electric, as if something were waiting to happen.  A cool wind blew.  I had my window open a few inches and the breeze sighed through the papers on my desk, lifting and ruffling them.
	“As far as I know,” I said, “there are several types of radiation.”
	“Yeah,” Dr. Hague said.  “There’s beta, gamma, delta.  You know, they always sounded to me like college fraternities.”
	I chuckled.
	“Nasty stuff, though, radiation,” he said.
	“Yeah,” I said, and thought about a girl I’d once cared a great deal for who had died of cancer from over-exposure to radiation of a kind.  But first, it had driven her insane.  Not that she had been completely right in the head to begin with.  “You got an idea at all where that old, um, man came from?”
	“Not a clue,” he said, but then his eyebrows pursed with the slightest of frowns.
	“You have a thought there?” I asked.
	“Uh.  Nothing, really.”
	“Come on,” I said.  “Right now even ‘nothing’ is something.”
	“Well,” he sighed, and leaned back in his chair, grasped the gnarled armrests in his large hands.  “I seem to remember hearing something around a month ago.  Oddly, it was while I was having a beer at Sonny’s.  Something about...”
	“Yeah?”
	“Trying to place it,” he said, seeming to peer at the papers on my desk, but actually looking hard at that inner world we call ‘memory’.
	I waited.
	“There was this guy,” he said.  “Young fellow.  Stopped by for a drink on a Saturday evening.  I like to go to Sonny’s on a Saturday night sometimes, while the rest of the bikers are away.  There’s this girl there I like to talk to—or actually, there’s this girl there I’m trying to get the attention of.  Not too bright, probably, but man, what a body!  Anyway, I was there when this kid comes in.  He’s so young that Pud cards him.  I’d never seen Pud do that before.”
	“Pud’s the bartender?” I asked.
	“Yeah.  So Pud cards the kid and the kid is old enough to drink and so Pud pours him a beer.  ‘Sonsabitches’, that kid keeps saying to himself under his breath.  He takes a table not far from mine and I’m only a little distracted from Libby, who is wearing this tank-top number with no bra.  Man, that girl is what you call ‘perky’, if you know what I mean.”
	I laughed.
	“Anyway, he says it again: ‘Sonsabitches.’  Finally, I say something to him about it.  He tells me he just got fired.”
	“Go on,” I said.  “Don’t stop now.”
	“He was working at this new place out in the country.  Something about ‘diagnostic technology’ or something or other.  They fired him without notice.  No severance.  Nothing.  Security just up and escorts him from the building without so much as an explanation or an apology or a ‘go to hell.’”
	“People are losing jobs all over,” I said.  “It’s the economy.”
	“Yeah,” he said, but the way he said it left about a football field worth of disagreement.
	“So what about it?” I asked.
	“Nothing, really.  Only the way all this happened, the way he was just suddenly there getting carded and the way he was so upset, seemed to me to indicate that it had all gone down just minutes before.  And let me tell you, I don’t know of any technology business, diagnostic or otherwise, within twenty miles of Sonny’s Place.”
	“You tell the Feds any of this?” I asked.
	“Naw.  Didn’t remember it until just now when you asked me.”
	I thrummed my fingers on the desk.  I thought of Penny babysitting my kids until I got home.  I thought of Julie and little pinched-faced Michelle in a hospital room.  I looked across my paper-strewn desk and saw a few bills that needed paying and a stack of files that badly needed my attention.
	“Dr. Hague,” I said, “are you up for a late night ride?”
	He grinned.
	“I was born being up for one.”

CHAPTER FOUR

	It was a ‘dark-of-the-moon’ night, as the old-timers used to say.  I had the heater on in my Mercedes and the window cracked, and a blend of heat from the floor and the cool from the night air made for a comforting combination.  My headlights picked up a rabbit at the roadside that quickly scurried for cover as if the devil were after it.  Traffic was slight along the narrow, winding highway.
	We passed Sonny’s Place so quickly I almost didn’t see it in time, the place was so dark.  We craned our necks back for a moment.
	“I think there’s some kind of truck parked in the lot,” Bert said.
	“Yeah,” I said.
	“Feds,” we said in unison.
	“Jinx, you owe me a coke,” Dr. Hague said.
	We continued on and I slowed.  There was the occasional turn-in to a ranch or road-side homestead complete with mailbox and reflector.
	About two miles on we came to the T-intersection of a numbered county road intersecting with the main highway.
 	I slowed and eased us off to the right and down the even narrower dirt road.  Dust-laden and bare branch-work arched overhead, making for a long, gently downward- sloping tunnel.
	“Spooky,” he said, “but kinda cool.”
	“Yeah,” I admitted.  He was right.  Out in the hinterlands, the metropolis of Austin a mere rumor, the night and the quiet closes in on the lonely driver and gives the blood the slightest of chills.  The night can sometimes seem full of hidden and unfelt influences just beyond the limit of sight.
	“It’s got to be around here somewhere,” Dr. Hague said.
	We topped a bare hill and went around a hairpin turn and down again.
	Following a brief stretch of roadway lined with dirt driveways and a stand of mailboxes huddled close together for company, we traveled through a dense patch of forest with a wide, deep creek nestled between two steep hills.  After the creek the headlights picked up a sign at the roadside just before a wide, paved entryway:
CTDT
Authorized Personnel Only
	“That sounds lovely,” Dr. Hague said.
	“Yep,” I agreed.  We drove on past, topped another hill and pulled off to the side of the road where I killed the engine and let silence and darkness enwrap us.
	“It's about a quarter of a mile back there, I’d say,” Dr. Hague stated, and I got the implied message:  'we've gone far enough'.
	“Yep.  You up for a hike?”
	He laughed.  “Again, I was born ready.”

*****

	As we walked through the night I told Dr. Hague about the newest edition to my family.
	“What are you doing on an old dirt road in the middle of the night, then?” he asked, laughing.
	“Probably should have my head examined,” I told him and he agreed with me.  We both kept on walking, anyway.
	Half way down the long hill into the valley with the creek and entrance to CTDT—which in my mind I was calling ‘Central Texas Diagnostic Technology’—I thumbed on the small flashlight I’d taken from my glove box.  I pierced the dense undergrowth on our left with the light.  Just past the thicket, a good ten yards, there appeared to be an open clearing with what might be a well-maintained lawn.
	“I think this stretch is part of it,” I said.
	“CTDT?” Dr. Hague said.  “Probably.”
	“How well do you get along with barbed wire?” I asked him.
	“We’re old friends,” he said.
	And that settled it.

*****

	A word on trespassing:  one shouldn’t do it.  In almost all cases it’s completely ill-advised.  The problem was that I had learned early on in life how to turn off the alarm bells in my head.  Some people don’t have an alarm setup like that to begin with, and these people we call ‘criminals.’  You could take the narrow view and easily say that all acts against the letter of the law are, by definition, criminal.  Most anybody would.  But I’ve always seen it that such an act taken against a criminal isn’t necessarily criminal in and of itself.  For me, criminals shouldn’t have any rights.  I know a number of purest attorneys who would disagree with me whole-heartedly, but then again that crowd is, to a man (or in some cases, woman) feeble when it comes to sticking one’s neck out.  
	Besides, I was only looking.  So sue me.
	We made it through the barbed-wire none the worse for wear, although it took awhile.  It was slow going through the brush.  I kept the light down to the ground and used the periphery of it to avoid snags.  Bertram Hague followed close on my heels as I passed one pushed-aside branch after another back to him so he wouldn’t get himself swatted in the teeth.  There’s a skill to walking through heavy brush, one that had risen to an art-form with me going back to distant childhood.  And there’s an etiquette to it as well when you’ve got a buddy traipsing along with you.  I observed all the formalities.
	At the edge of the lawn I clicked off the light.  We waited in the dark while our eyes adjusted to the dim starlight.
	“There’s a light back there through the trees across the way,” Dr. Hague whispered.  “Dead ahead.”
	I saw it.  Sodium arc lamps maybe a quarter of a mile away, maybe further.
	“Yeah,” I whispered back.  “You said something about security before.  There’s probably a guard shack and a gate somewhere.  Probably even another fence.”
	“Yeah.  But I doubt there’s any motion-detectors or surveillance cameras in these woods.”
	“You’re probably right,” I said.  “Too many deer to set them off.  Stuff like that works for about two weeks until everybody gets tired of hearing the alarms and finally disconnects them.”
	“Bad for the deer, good for us.”
	We walked back up the hill under the edge of the forest and then due east again, away from the road.
	“There’s something funny about this meadow,” Dr. Hague said.
	“Yeah,” I said.  “I think it’s a golf course.  Executive privileges, and all that.  I doubt the employees use it.” 
	We found the guard entrance road and further on the guard shack that we both knew would be there.  It’s always been interesting to me how and why people will guard the strangest things.  There’s even an equation for it:  what is most heavily hidden and guarded is usually what is most reprehensible and worthless from the start.  When I was growing up as a kid in a small East Texas town, we didn’t even bother to lock our front door at night.  I suppose times have changed, and not necessarily for the better.
	The guard shack was the standard wooden-box-with-a-door-and-windows model.  There was a large head inside there.  From sixty or so yards away the guy appeared to be either asleep or reading a paperback novel.  Dr. Hague thought the guy was asleep, but I leaned more toward the novel theory.  He didn’t move for several minutes, but as soon as we started forward again he stood up and stepped outside the shack.
	We waited again.  A light flared.  Cigarette break.
	A good cigarette can last ten minutes.  This guy sucked his down to nothing in three and then popped back inside the shack and propped a paperback book up at eye level.  Hey, sometimes I’m right.
	We took to the woods again and made our way around the shack until we came to a twelve-foot high chain-linked fence.  Sodium arc lamps lit up a huge pasture area.  There were cows out there in the pasture, black silhouette humps that cast long shadows from the far-away parking lot and building.
	“Some set-up,” Dr. Hague said.
	“Yeah.”
	“We going in there?”
	“I dunno,” I said.  “So far all we know is there’s a place called CTDT that has a nice golf course, at least one guard, has two fences, and runs cattle so it can get an agricultural tax break.”
	“My thought, too,” he agreed.
	“Let’s go,” I said, and dug my fingers into the wire.  It was after I was half-way up that I realized I hadn’t checked to make sure it wasn’t electrified.  Julie would kill me if she knew about it.  I wasn’t about to tell her a thing.
	In two minutes we were both on the ground inside the fence.
	And after that, things got interesting.

CHAPTER FIVE

	Ten feet past the fence I saw the wire.  This one was definitely electrified.  The cattle would have made mincemeat of the hurricane fence had there not been a hot wire, and fences can be expensive.  A single strand of wire about two feet off the ground had the faintest of tinges of light reflecting from it, like spider’s silk.
	“Whoa there,” I said.  “Wire.”
	“Yeah.  Thanks.”
	We went over it, gingerly, and slowly made our way across the meadow.  Soon the breathing of the cattle was the only counterpoint to my beating heart.
	There was a clatter off to our left some fifty yards off.  I turned to look and saw headlights spearing the gate as it slid back on its tracks.  A truck.  Big one.
	Dr. Hague and I squatted, trying our best to look like just another hump.  There were no tall weeds or hills to hide behind, but we hunkered as low as we could near the black bulk of an enormous bull.  But not too near.
	The truck passed on by and I slowly stood.
	“Bill,” he said, “we’re going to have a helluva time explaining ourselves when they find us.”
	“Who says they’re going to find us?” I asked.
	“Me,” a voice said, and both of us jumped.
	The black silhouette stepped forward.
	“Patrick?” I asked.
	“What the hell are you doing here, Bill?  It’s trespassing.”
	“Uh, Dr. Hague here invited me,” I said.
	“Oh.  Then that makes it perfectly legal,” he said.
	“You followed us,” I said.
	“Yep.  It was pretty easy, too.  You almost caught me when you pulled over, though.  I had to back up pretty quick when you got out and started walking back.”
	“Dr. Hague, this is Deputy Patrick Kinsey.  He likes to mess around with people’s heads.  Patrick, meet Dr. Bertram Hague.”
	They shook hands in the dim light from the complex.
	Close by a cowed mooed.
	“Couldn’t agree with you more, Daisy,” Patrick told the cow.
	“How’d you follow us through the brush in the dark?” I asked Pat.
	“Night vision googles,” he said, and flopped what felt like a cold fish into my hand.
	“High tech,” Dr. Hague said.
	“Standard ninja issue,” Patrick said.
	I put the goggles on and turned to Patrick.  “You’re not in uniform,” I said.
	“That’s because this is unofficial,” he said.  “And while my badge does say ‘State of Texas’ on it, let’s just say I’m here to protect a couple of Austin locals who might be in over their heads.”
	“You got permission, didn’t you,” I stated, not as a question.
	“The local constabulary knows I’m here.  Called in a favor, you might say.  A couple of fellows I know are busy looking the other way.”
	Dr. Hague chuckled.  “Are we going to do this?”
	“I think so,” I replied.

*****

	The night shift is a different world.  Anyone who has pulled the graveyard for any length of time will tell you that quiet, darkness, sleeplessness and vitamin deficiency become the order of the day—or rather, night.  It is a lot like living in an unreal world with it’s own internal laws. I’ve done more than a few graveyard shifts, particularly back in the ancient of days when I did a brief stint as a Sheriff's deputy.  For me it was like living in a Mother Goose-like world where all the characters were drunks, thieves, and other cops, often with the line of demarcation between each about the width of a look in the other direction.
	The guy loading up the truck inside the shipping-slash-receiving dock of CTDT looked sleepy, bored, and stoned all at the same time.  The trucker, himself a potbellied and grisled fellow in his late thirties, stood with his fat arms crossed.  He looked even more bored than the loader, if that were possible.
	“What the hell is all this stuff, anyway?” the truck driver asked.  I could hear him from twenty feet away, even over the clickety-clack of the diesel engine.
	The shipping clerk stopped his laden hand-truck in mid-step, rolled his eyes and handed the trucker a clip-board, then got the thing in motion again.
	“Bunch of bullshit,” the trucker said.
	“That bullshit pays your salary,” I said, and stepped out where they could see me plainly.  The trucker started as if he’d been stung and nearly dropped the clipboard.  The shipping clerk poked his head around the edge of the truck and regarded me.
	“You don’t need to know what you’re hauling,” I said, “beyond the fact it isn’t dangerous.”
	The trucker hmphed at me.
	“Who the hell are you?” the clerk asked.
	“You ought to look more closely at who signs your goddamned paycheck,” I said.
	He swallowed and disappeared inside the truck.
	“You got a problem?” I asked the trucker.
	“Uh.  No sir.”
	I motioned to Patrick and Dr. Hague.  They stepped out.
	I took the stairs up the side of the loading dock like I owned the place, stopped beside the trucker, took the clipboard from his hand and scanned it.  My confederates  stepped up beside me and peered down at the clipboard.
	“Mm-hmm,” I grunted to myself.
	“Does it check out?” Patrick asked, doing his job of keeping the game going.
	“I dunno,” I said.  “Depends upon if what it says here,” I thumped the page, “is actually in there,” and pointed into the ill-lit confines of the truck.  The clerk emerged onto the shipping shop floor, his hand-truck empty.
	He stopped.
	“Look,” he said.  “All I do is load what Sue hands me to load.”
	“Of course,” Dr. Hague said.
	“Right,” Patrick said.
	“Wait just a minute,” I said, flipping quickly through the pages under the clip. Pink copies, blue copies, carbons and all fluttered past.  “Where the hell is your Health and Safety transport certification for this shipment?”
	“What?” the trucker said, surprise etched on his unshaven features.
	“If a state trooper pulls you over and inspects your load—which they will do—how are you going to explain how you are transporting very high-frequency nucleonic trajectory oscillatory equipment in the Bernoulli range without a Health and Safety cert sticker from the NRC?  They’ll impound the entire load!  Meanwhile some poor kid in Omaha doesn’t get his pineal transplant!”
	“I–I”
	I turned to Dr. Hague.
	“See what I mean?  This place has gone lax.”
	I thrust the clipboard back into the trucker’s hand.
	“Tell you what you do, Blackbeard.  You sit in your truck and read a comic book or something until Goldie here—” I indicated the shipping clerk—“delivers to you one aforementioned cert!  Meanwhile, the inspectors and I are going to talk to Susan and find out exactly why she isn't doing something about this bullshit!”
	“Calm down, Bill,” Patrick said.  “He’s just doing his job.”
	“Right,” Dr. Hague agreed.
	“Whatever,” I said.  “Sit tight, you two.”
	I turned toward the inside entrance to the shipping bay as if I knew where I was going and stalked off.
	“Sorry, kid,” Patrick said.  After a moment they followed me.
	Behind us I overheard the trucker asking: “What the hell are those pricks doing here on the night shift?”
	Some things, fortunately, never change.
Author's Note

	The Narvaez Expedition into what is now the southern United States and Texas did occur.  That expedition did splinter at various points, and of the six hundred men who set out, only three returned.  While Antonio Alvarado Nunez is fictitious, the chances are there were many men like him on the expedition who perished under similar circumstances, although it is doubtful that any of these men ever laid eyes upon The Sand Hills of West Texas, which, by the way, are very real.
	Microelectronic technology is, of course, very real, and the effort to create nanotechnological robots, or “nanites”, is very real and continues in earnest.  Their best use would be a medical one, although some may debate this point.  This technology—while it is being developed and yet while it is still within the bounds of science fiction—is, to this author, a bit fantastic.  But it is coming. 
	Anyone who has gotten to know me very closely will speak with certainty on the subject of my fascination with  what could be termed by the normal run of folks as “the fantastic.”
	I grew up in the heyday of the re-publication of the the old pulp magazines from the 1930s and 40s, and my first real forays into reading for pleasure were those old paperbacks.  Also, it was the Silver Age of the comic book, the pulps' ultimate descendant.  You can probably very well imagine this once very young author rapidly turning the pages with wide eyes.  I did.  I turned a lot of them.
	Time and again it's been said that truth is far stranger than fiction.  And for “truth,” at that young age, I devoured such tomes as Colonel James Churchward's books on the lost continent of Mu and Senator Ignatius Donnelly's Atlantis: The Antedeluvian World.  I immersed myself in Erick Van Daaniken's works as well, including the famous (or infamous) Chariots Of The Gods.  Anything “out of the ordinary” was my daily fare.  Additionally, for the spiritual side of things I read all of the books of the day on the subjects of Edgar Cayce (the “Seer of Virginia Beach”) and reincarnation, particularly Jess Stearn's authoritative works on both Cayce and reincarnation.  All by way of saying that this author adheres less to the “Bering Strait landbridge”-side of accepted science and life and more towards what “feels right.”  I must confess, that's what you're getting here:  more of the “feels right” and a little less “land bridge”.  So with me, you're liable to get anything, and I believe the current volume illustrates that fact.  Truth is, I still love those old alternative-to-science-and-accepted-history books.
	So, here we have action and adventure.  We have, I hope, mystery.  We have a little strange happenstance and some odd characters and some science-fiction-esque technology.  And, oh boy, isn't that the way it ought to be?  It reminds me of something.  Maybe... an old pulp magazine?  If you were to visit me in my home I could hand you a stack of the things, including Amazing Stores, Five Tales Adventure, Fantastic, etc.  They're dinosaurs from a bygone age.  They're yellowed with the passage of time and I have to keep them in plastic to preserve them, so maybe they're more like Nunez, here.  They're mummies.  And let me tell you, these old mummies can speak!  You see, they weren't printed to last more than a summer day or two in the hands of a twelve year-old kid, but then again maybe that's why they originally only cost a dime.
	On a different tack, I've been asked if I plan all my books.  The answer is both “yes” and “no.”  I've really only ever planned the titles, with a vague sense of what was going to happen based on them.  But no, as far as detailed planning, I've never been able to write from something as orderly as, say, an outline.  I don't know why, really.  For me there is a certain sense of contrivance connected with doing so.  Now, I find nothing wrong, particularly, with “organized thought”—but to me, writing in that organized a fashion seems less organized and more... how shall we say:  fake.  Or, not right.  At least for me.  And I do know I will have rubbed someone the wrong way with the above.  Well, I guess that's the way it goes.  Sorry.  And while all fiction could accurately be classified as “a pack of lies” and summarily dismissed (as some do, although I never really understood such people—I tend to feel that such folks are missing some essential component.  Quite possibly it's humanity), for me the lies must have the ring of truth.  Those “lies” have to, again, feel right.
	So, lies.  Oh, I can tell some whoppers.  My wife thinks I should enter a contest.  Well, I'm already in one, you could say, and this is it.  It's the contest for your attention, and I like this contest.  I like it a lot.
	You know, I was raised in a very religious southern family, and I've been to church on Sunday.  Now, I ask you:  would you prefer a preacher in the pulpit who was all pious and gracious and who had never stepped out of bounds in life?  Or would you prefer a preacher who has “been there” and “done that”?  For my part, if I was ready to get right with the Lord or something, I would want a preacher who knows sin, who knows it close and personal.  I'd want the ex-alcoholic, wife-stealing, candy-from-a-baby-taking, bad-check-passing, like-a-sailor-cussing, obtuse, in your face, brash-and-loud, know-it-all sonuvabitch.  And I'd want him to convince me, people!  Now, can I get an Amen?  Well... alright.  
	And that's what I want from my stories.  I want a tale told by an out-of-the-bounds, out-on-a-limb, science-fiction-reading, action-adventure-loving, hair-raising-thrills-seeking, egotistical-and-self-centered, love-me-or-leave-me, dyed-in-the-wool, bonafide-and-certified-and-maybe-even-certifiable writer!  And for you, that's where I come in.
	Now, sometimes I find myself back-sliding.  Every once in that old blue moon I'll get pretty far out on the credulity limb—even for me!  And then I'll start to back off a bit.  When I do, I find myself re-writing whole chapters, and occasionally, entire damned books!  But, fortunately for you, that's all back there behind the theater curtain, back there with all the props and the ropes and pulleys, and the actors (characters?) rehearsing and re-rehearsing their lines (interesting word, “rehearse.”  Did they have to take the lines to graveyard twice?).  But mostly, I stay on the balance part of the limb.  There's a nice fork in the limb here, you see, and I can sit here and bounce up and down a little (just a little, mind you) and see a far piece off and away.  I have to admit, I like it fine.  The view from here is nice.
	I feel that those of you who have stuck with Bill and Julie and the kids this far have come to know me somewhat, as a cross-result.  And I can't help but tell you that I'm delighted by that.  First of all, I can't thank you enough for reading these books and sending me your fan mail.  Let me tell you, I live for that.  I know, to quote Shakespeare:  it were a grievous fault.  But do, please, forgive my jealousy for your attention (ain't it pathetic, actually?  Hmm?).  I feel I have to have it.  So, thanks for understanding.
	At the moment I have beside me two manuscripts to prepare.  They are the next two books in the lineup.  I'll apply the appropriate amount of shine and see how quickly I can get them out to you.  So, lot's to do here.
	Thank you for reading.  Thank you for your indulgence with these little Author's Notes, and most of all, thank you for being you.
	I happen to think you're pretty fantastic.

	George Wier
	March 9, 2012

CADDO COLD

A Bill Travis Mystery

George Wier


DEDICATION:

This one is for those who wait ― the fans. Your readership and encouragement is my balm. Thank you.

CADDO COLD

CHAPTER ONE

When Holt Gatlin fell, he fell hard.
He had been working on re-roofing the aged and defunct theater in Karnack, Texas, when a piece of slate came loose beneath his feet and sent him in a whirling plunge to the ground below.
Holt was fortunate in that he didn’t break his neck.  That was about all anybody could say about the incident: “Holt was lucky he didn’t break his neck.”
This was first told me by Willett Mahoney, Holt’s carpentry foreman.  I had been trying to reach Holt to tell him that he was two million dollars in the black after a stock split and a couple of fast trades on my part.  Instead I got Willett, who answered the phone at Holt’s house.  Willett told me the tale.  It was the first time I’d ever heard him utter more than a singular grunt.
Willett gave me the number for the hospital in Marshall, Texas, twenty-five miles away.  When I called the hospital and asked for Holt’s room I got Pierce Gatlin, Holt’s nephew; a man I’d never met.
When I asked how Holt was doing, I heard that line again, exact words, same inflection.  On top of that I was told how Holt would have a long row to hoe, the colloquial way of saying that his recovery would be tough, at best.  He had a broken arm and wrist, three cracked ribs and a pulverized femur.
After I hung up with Pierce I just sat there at my desk for a bit and let the news settle in.
If he pulled through Holt would almost certainly be retiring, for the second and final time.

*****

I first met Holt Gatlin the day after his sixty-fifth birthday.  He came into my office on San Antonio Street near downtown Austin―no invite and no appointment.  When he left three hours later I knew I had landed a potentially valuable client as well as made a new friend.
Holt had retired from the paper factory near Huntsville, Texas and after thirty-five years was moving back home near Karnack, Texas, an insular East Texas town half surrounded by Caddo Lake, Texas’ only natural lake.  I remembered from my Texas Almanac that all the rest of the lakes were man-made.  Karnack’s smaller, companion town name was Uncertain, Texas.  When the locals of the smaller berg nestled against the southern lake shore decided to incorporate in 1969 in order to obtain state licensing to sell liquor, the secretary at the meeting filled in the blank on the form for incorporation “Uncertain”, which actually meant “it’s late, we’re tired, that’s enough for now, we’ll decide later.”  But once you fill in the blank on an official form, it becomes the way things are, so the town of a hundred and fifty souls became ‘Uncertain’ thereafter, and thereby hangs a tale.  Uncertain is a few miles from Louisiana.  Despite legend, this factor has nothing to do with its name.
Before heading back to the town where he grew up, Holt made the trip to Austin on the advice on an acquaintance to see me about doing something with his retirement account.  I was astonished at the figure on the statement he handed to me: two hundred and seventeen thousand dollars.
I asked Holt how he had managed to salt that much away. To my knowledge, no factory ever paid that much in wages, even to a foreman, which was Holt’s position during most of those thirty-five years.
Holt looked at me with his sober, teal-colored eyes and said:  “Oh.  You know.  Here and there.”
His expenses, he went on to explain, never amounted to much.  He had roomed with an elderly lady on Avenue “O” in Huntsville for most of those years and she had never increased his rent.  The last month he was there he paid thirty-five dollars; the same amount he had paid the day he walked through her front door in 1970.  Also, he drove the same Ford pickup truck that he had bought when he was a sophomore in High School, so he never had to make car payments.  Also, as a hobby, he whittled out complete chess sets.
“Chess sets?” I had asked him.
“Yep.  The game.”  
He admitted to me that he had never learned how to play, nor had any interest in it whatsoever, but he had heard once that a fellow had paid a thousand dollars for an intricately-carved chess set.  Holt studied up on it and took to whittling.  He had a business card printed up and went around to all the antique stores within a fifty-mile radius during his weekends.  He sold his first chess set for two hundred dollars in 1972.  Since then he had produced over forty of them.  The highest he’d ever been paid was ten thousand dollars sometime during the mid-1990s.  He wrote “For Deposit Only” on the back of the check and dropped it in the night slot at his bank and forgot about it, just as he had done with every other check that resulted from his hobby.
And over the course of the three years since he walked into my office, I had helped him turn his nest egg into an egg farm.  That’s what I do, by the way.  Turn nest eggs into egg farms.  By way of saying that I work as a financial consultant and accountant.
And now, in his golden years, Holt had taken a fall and had fallen damned hard.  Which left me with a problem.  I had control of his resources, but I had no provision for what to do if he were to die.  I ruminated over this for a several days while putting in occasional calls to check up on him.
Holt underwent extensive surgery on a cold Saturday morning in early December and came through it.
I finally got him on the phone in person on Sunday night by calling his room at the hospital in Marshall directly.
“Oh,” he said.  “How are you, Bill?”
“Me?  I’m fine, Holt.  The question is, how are you?”
“I’ll live.  Not sure if that’s best, but looks like I will.  That’s not the important thing, though.”
“What, Holt?  What could be more important that you living and getting well?”
He paused.  I could hear his labored breathing.
“Holt?”
“I’m here.”
“Good.  You were about to tell me something.”
“I know.  I’ve been refusing the pain medication because I don’t like to be without my faculties, so I wasn’t―”
“Nodding off,” I finished.  “I understand.”
“Yeah.  I was thinkin’.”
“Holt,” I said.  “Most of the time thinking is a waste of time.  Spit it out, okay?”
“Alright.  I’ve got to tell somebody, and I can’t tell that nephew of mine.  He ain’t here anyway, which is a good thing.”
I clammed up and waited.
“Bill, this ain’t easy for me to say.  But if I know you, you’re not gonna say a word until I say it.”
I breathed loudly to let him know I was still there.
“There are bayous in this part of the country.  Some places no one’s ever seen, I think.  There’s a stretch of one that has a little island in it.  It’s all bald cypress and Spanish moss and alligators back in there.  But―” Holt coughed.  I heard a low moan of pain.
“Holt?”  I could tell that he was hurting, and something awful, but there was about two-hundred-and-fifty miles between us, and, consequently, little I could do except wait.
“Damn!” he said.  “I’m. . .  I’m here.  Barely.”
“What’s on the bayou on the island, Holt?”
“Some people.  Or what’s left of them.”
“People,” I said.  “What people?”
“They’re just skeletons by now.  I. . .  I haven’t been back there in. . .  it’s been some fifty years, now.  But I go to sleep with them every night, Bill.  Every. . .  every night of my sorry life.  I hear the screams, Bill.  I hear the crunch of metal and tree limbs snapping and I hear them crying in pain in my head.  I want it to stop, Bill.  But it won’t ever stop.  I’ve been hearing it every night of my life since that night.  Since 1960.  My God...  why won’t it...  stop?”
He was crying.  I don’t like it when grown men cry, and especially not when it’s a man I consider to be my friend. 
His sobs faded out.  I heard the telephone receiver at his end clank against something metal.
“Holt.” I said, raising my voice.  “Holt!”  I waited.  I could hear a faint voice.  Someone was there in the room with him.
The receiver was jostled around again.
“Who is this?” a gruff voice asked.
“Who is this?” I asked.
“You first, buddy.  What are telling my patient?”
“Take care of him, Doc,” I said.  “You take real good care of that old man.”
“Are you family?  I thought I had met all of the family.”
“Tell Holt that Bill is coming.  Would you do that?”
“Fine,” he said.  I wasn’t sure I believed him.  “Good bye.”
The sharp click in my ear had a note of finality to it that I didn’t care for.

CHAPTER TWO

I added up three reasons to get in my car and drive east.  The first, and most important, was that I had a friend who needed me.  If nothing else, he needed somebody to listen to him.  Second, I needed to get him to draft some kind of a will.  Holt didn’t believe in lawyers.  I’d gotten that through the many conversations I’d had with him over the years.  I planned on stopping by a bookstore and picking up a Do-It-Yourself Will Kit.  The third reason, however, was the most compelling of all:  screams and moans of pain from people now fifty years dead and gone.
I stopped by Penny’s desk―that’s my secretary―on my way out.
“Going to see Mr. Gatlin?” she asked.
“Have you been eavesdropping on my phone conversations?” I asked her.
She hmphed.  “No sir,” she said.  “I don’t have to do that.  You’re plenty loud enough for me to hear you through your door.”
“Oh.  Sorry.  I’ll try to tone it down.  Yeah, I thought I might run over there.”
“It’s a couple hundred miles,” she said, and gave me a sheepish smile.
“Don’t you worry about it,” I told her.
“Sir,” she said.  “I never worry about you.”
I paused in mid-stride, turned toward her.
“And just why is that?” I asked.
“Somehow, Mr. Travis, you always seem to make it back home.”
I turned back to the door without a word, and then Penny laughed out loud.
I turned again.
“What?” I asked.
“It’s just...” she giggled.  “You always have to buy a new pair of shoes when you get back.  And honestly, sir... when are you going to get a new car?”
“New car?” I asked.
“They make them, you know.  Every year.  If I can afford one, I know you can.”
“I pay you too much,” I said.
“Yes, you do,” she said.  “For just a secretary.  The truth is when you’re gone on these... trips of yours, I have to do a lot of your work for you, and you know it. And that’s why you pay me as much as you do.  For instance, the Lief Prescott account.  I had to move his mutual funds really quick when I got the word―the word that was intended for you―off your fax that Fremont Financial was about to go into that board meeting.  I saved him fifty thousand dollars because that’s how much he would have lost had I waited for you to tell me to do it, which you couldn’t because you weren’t here.  And Fremont did file for Chapter Thirteen bankruptcy.  But it was nothing you don’t tell me  to do every day.”
I sighed.  “I know, Penny.  That was when Hank and I were chasing after that Moe Keithley character.  You helped with Julie and the kids during that, and you ran the office as well.  I do rely on you, and sometimes you do have to make calls for me.  You’re smart and I don’t pay you enough.  Not really.  When I get back we’ll have a talk.  A real talk.”
“Um... what about?”
“About sponsoring you for some of the courses I had to take.”
Penny crossed her arms and leaned back in her chair.
“I’ll talk to Julie about this first,” she said, but there was a knowing smile on her face.  Somehow I had the feeling that I was being set up.  I’m not much on paranoia and I don’t generally hold with conspiracy theories, but I do know one sure thing:  the women of this world stick together, and they are out to get us.  And me?  I’m surrounded by women.
“You do that,” I said, and laughed. “How long have you been working for me and Nat?”
“A long time,” she said.  “Over six years.”
“Oh,” I said.
I made it out the door with my wits intact.
I had to laugh to myself.  This was what I was born to do.  To try and outwit the women in my life.  One day all of us men will be working for women.  And maybe that’s as it should be.

*****

I stepped out into the light December chill.  A bit of a wind was blowing; the herald of the ghost of cold Christmases past.
First, I went home.
Julie was in the kitchen cooking dinner.  It smelled good.
“Where are you off to now?” she asked.
“What makes you think I’m going somewhere?” I asked.
“It’s that look,” she said.  “It’s that ‘on-the-trail-of-something’ look that’s painted in bold letters on your forehead.”
“Oh,” I said.  “Are you sure that Penny hasn’t talked to you already?”
“Nope,” she said.  “Should she have?”
“No,” I said.  “Okay.  Yeah, I suppose I’m heading for East Texas.  And by East Texas, I mean deep East Texas.  Bayou country.”
“No shooting, Bill,” she said.
“What?”
“No shooting.  Just plain old straight business, okay?”
“There’s no reason that I can see for anybody to do any shooting.”  Julie moved quickly between sink and stovetop and got the teakettle going.  Somewhere along the way my adventurous wife had settled down into domestic bliss.
I felt a tug on my pants cuff and looked down.
A warm smile greeted me.  It was Jennifer, our middle child.
I reached down and picked her up and held her in the air at arms length.
“YOU...  are getting to be HEA-VY,” I said.
“I know it, Daddy,” she said.  “Mommy says the same thing.  What’s heavy?”
“Heavy is you.  Heavy is a big sack of potatoes.  Heavy is a ship that can’t help but sink.”
“Okay,” she said.
I put her down and she ran off singing the Blues Clues song.  There was a TV going somewhere blaring out the theme.
“She’s getting big,” I said.
“Uh-huh.  I was the same way,” Julie said.  “When are you leaving?”
“Uh,” I looked at her, then at the sink piled high with dishes, then at the stove.  “After dinner and after I help you wash the dishes and get the kids settled in.”
“Good answer.”

*****

I was intending to get away by 9:30 p.m., but then I had to have The Talk with Jessica.
Jessica is our oldest child, our adopted half-Samoan, half-Caucasian American girl, and a handful at that.  She just had her seventeenth birthday and gave us constant reports as to her increased level of her maturity.  So far as I was concerned, the jury was still out.
It was the first day of Christmas Vacation from school, and Jessica had gotten it into her head that she was free as a bird until some undetermined future January date.  What she had been digging for was carte blanche to get behind the wheel of Julie’s car and go anywhere she wanted to, at any time.  Also, she had dropped subtle hints that she was responsible enough that I should buy her a car, at which point I normally did either of two things:  ignored the comment or hit back with a definition of responsibility that markedly implied she should figure out a way to buy her own car.  But that wasn’t the topic of The Talk this night.  No, The Talk was about the two touchiest subjects of all: school and boys.
Julie and I had decided late one night while whispering in bed that if I would have The Talk with Jessica―with whom Julie she seemed to have the roughest time―then she would take the other two when it came their turn.  I had thought it was a fair deal at the time, but sometimes Julie has a way of putting one over on me.
The Talk lasted an interminable thirty minutes.  It was one of the longest half hours of my life.  We touched upon boys and what they were after―which got me the most disbelieving look I’d ever seen―and Jessica had to agree that, yes, she knew perfectly well what they were after.  Then I launched off into the subject of school. She had the one semester left to go and I didn’t want to see her screw it up completely.  Thus far she had come terribly close. So I was about to go off into teachers and showing a semblance of respect, but somehow got off onto the touchiest subject of all:  smoking marijuana.
“Of course, dad,” she said.  “I’ve done it.  But I’m not a pothead.”
I was taken aback for a moment, but only so.  “That’s good,” I managed.  “It’s not that I don’t want you to become a pothead.  It’s that I don’t want you to smoke any.  Anymore.  For any reason.”
Her eyes never wavered from mine and I didn’t dare blink.
“I want,” I said, “for you to have your wits about you every minute of every day.  I want you good and sharp.  Life throws things at you from out of the blue, and you never know when it’s coming.  Life does that constantly.  It does it to me every single day.  There is no replacing confidence, and when you’re high, you’ve got none, zero, zip, nada  confidence. Capeche?”
“I get it, dad.  I won’t smoke any.”
“Alright.”
“So where are you going?  I know you’re about to go somewhere.”
“Oh,” I said.  “That.  I have to go help a client of mine.  He lives over two hundred miles from here.  There’s no way to avoid it.”
“I’m going with you,” she said.
“Wait a minute.  What?”
“You want me sharp.  You want me to have my wits about me.  But you won’t let me drive mom’s car, and I don’t want to drive your car.  Seriously, dad, you need a new car, and I’m embarrassed for my friends to see me in yours.”
“Well thanks.”
“You know what I mean.  If you want me to get experience driving, even though I’ve already passed the exam and gotten my license, but you’ll only let me drive your car when you’re riding with me, then it makes sense that I go with you.”
She started to rise up from our back porch steps.
“Where are you going?”  I asked.
“To ask mom if I can go with you,” she said.
“Sit down,” I said.  “You don’t have to ask mom anything.  I decide those kinds of things.”
“Ha!” she said, but sat down anyway.  “I don’t think so!”
“Oh yeah?” I said.  “Watch this. Follow me.”
I got up and dusted off my slacks and went into the house with Jessica in tow.
“Honey!” I called up the stairs.
“What?” Julie yelled down.
“I’m taking Jessica with me to East Texas.”
“Of course you are!” Julie said.  And that was that.
Try to put one over on me. I tell you.

*****
 
Jessica was to drive the first leg of the journey.  I felt it safer since she knew all the streets and highways until we got well out of Austin.  Later, when she started getting into unfamiliar territory in the night and she started getting tired at the same time, I’d take over for the remainder of the trip.
I was proud of myself until we turned east on Highway 71 and I reviewed what had happened―how I had been set up.  Women were telepathic.  They had to be.  There was no other possible explanation.  If they communicated with each other that way and made silent agreements and put us into positions where we thought we were making our own decisions all along, then we were... mere pawns.  And if that were the case, maybe they were evil after all.  And my daughter was one of them.
Sometimes fatherhood hits a little hard.
One day I’d break their code, and there would be hell to pay.  
And so it went, around and around inside my head and on into the night.

CHAPTER THREE

Jessica drove us through Bastrop, one of Texas’ oldest cities, and without having to be told, she cut across to Highway 21 and on east and north through the Lost Pines region.  The pines were tall, black sentinels against a starry sky, crowding the divided highway through the rolling hills.  I rolled down my window and inhaled the scent of pine on the cold, crisp air.
I had read somewhere that perhaps a million or more years back the Lost Pines was part of one vast forest stretching across Central and East Texas.  The forest through which we passed was a distant cousin to the larger pine forest that stretched from south of Texarkana all the way down to the Gulf Coast.
There is a feeling that those woods always give me as I pass them by.  It is a sense of things primeval.  An ancient watchfulness and at the same moment a secret and introspective silence.  I had always thought that one day I might retire to a cabin in those woods.
After ten more miles we left the last pine tree behind us and moved on.  Small towns came and went and the traffic was slight.
“Dad?” Jessica asked after a long period of silence.
“Yeah?”
“Why did you marry mom?”
“What?”  I asked.
“Well, you had this job making lots of money, and mom says you went on this adventure to get the money back from Carpin and to get me, and you did it, then me and mom moved in with you and you got mom pregnant.  Then you married her and had Jennifer.  In the meantime you don’t just work, but you run off and do all this weird stuff like that time we went after the devil worshipers―”
“That’s enough,” I said.  “I get what you’re saying.  Let me explain.”  And then I realized I couldn’t explain a damned thing.
“Uh, dad.  I’m waiting.” She turned to look at me.
“Keep your eyes on the road,” I said.
“Sure,” she said.  So?” She was looking back at the road, but cutting her eyes at me every chance she got.
“So, nothing.  I don’t know.  That’s the real truth.  I just don’t know.  Sometimes I think it’s predestination or someone banging away on a typewriter up in the sky, writing out my life like it’s some damned script.  Other times I think... other times I still don’t know.”
“But you love her, right?”
“Oh! Of course I do.  Although I’ll tell you something, and you can’t ever tell anyone on Earth I said this because I’ll disavow all knowledge.”
“Okay,” Jessica said.  “I’m sure as hell listening now.”
“Alright, here goes.  There’s words and there’s things.  And the words are not the things, get me?”
“Dad, what the f― I mean, what are you talking about?”
“It’s like this.  There comes a moment when you feel a certain way about a person.  You feel it hard and it’s got a sharp edge to it, and maybe it hurts or maybe it just makes you feel sick or maybe it just gives you a headache, follow me?”
She nodded.
“So you’re going down the road with someone that you’ve felt that way about many times, and she turns to you and says ’I love you.’ Well, you have to say: ’I love you, too.’ But do you?  I mean, at that exact moment, are you feeling the same thing you once felt?  No.  You’re thinking about how maybe NASDAQ is going to start showing a sell-off of tech stocks.  But at that moment you’d better drop NASDAQ like a hot potato and respond in kind.  Why?  Because you once felt that way and you know you’re going to feel it again, maybe today, tomorrow, or next week, and especially you’re going to feel it in a bad way if you ever lose her.  If you can admire someone and feel a bit of sympathy for them at the same time, well, that’s love, Jess.  That’s all it is.  It’s not a word.  Not even close.  But you’d better not forget the word.  And that’s all I know about it.”
“Whoa, dad.  That’s too deep for me.”
“You asked,” I said.  “And you’re getting too old, too quick.”
“I know,” she said.
“I give you a hard time,” I said.  “But you’re my daughter, for better or for worse and it’s all legal and so you’ve got to put up with me.  But I’m damned proud of you, kid.”
Jessica took her eyes off the road and I allowed it, for the moment.
“Dad, have you been smoking dope?” she asked.
I laughed.  “Just drive.  Eyes.  Eyes on road.  Are you tired?”
“Not a bit.”
“And you know where you’re going?  Know where the turnoffs are?”
“I glanced at the map.  I have an uncanny sense of direction, remember?  It’s my evil power.”
“Good evil power,” I said.  “Alright then, I think I’ll take a nap.  If you even begin to get tired, you wake me up.”
“Cool. Go to sleep,” she said.
So I tilted my seat back and did just that.

*****

As I drifted off I thought about Holt Gatlin. Holt had worked his entire life away, and had very nearly lost everything in less time than it takes to click the shutter button of a camera.  My mind drifted with the night and I tried to close my eyes but they kept popping open.  So I drifted also with the images that sprang up out of the darkness in our headlights and were just as quickly cast behind us, and somewhere in there I went to sleep.
“I go to sleep with them every night, Bill.  Every night of my sorry life.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, Holt,” I said.
Holt and I were playing chess.  He picked up his black knight and took my queen’s pawn.  It was a silly move as his knight was now so much fodder.
“Bayous?” I asked.
“What about them?”
“Bayous back in there nobody’s ever seen?”
“Yeah.  Cypress knees protruding from duckweed-covered water like the spines of pre-historic water dinosaurs and Spanish Moss hanging down like the beards of all the grandfathers of the Ozarks.”
“Very descriptive, Holt,” I said.  “You should have been a writer instead of a chess-set maker.”
“Never could abide the game,” he said.
My head jerked at the sudden scream.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“The people.”
“What people?” I asked.
“The dead people.  They’re fifty years dead and gone.  But they live off of our dreams.  That’s what gives them power.  The children of the swamp. What music they make!  I go to sleep with them every night, Bill.  Every night of my sorry life.”
There was another scream, this one closer.
“When will it stop?” Holt asked, and took his knight with my king’s pawn.
“I don’t know, Holt,” I said.  “But I’ll be damned if I’ll just let it go.”
“What’s that, dad?” Holt asked, which was sort of funny in that he had a girl’s voice. In fact, his voice sounded like―
“Dad!”
I woke up and Jessica was hitting the brakes.
She swerved at the last moment and was around the beast.
“Jiminy Crickets!” I exclaimed. “You scared me.”
Jessica got the car back into the correct lane and punched the gas.
“Sorry,” she said.  “What was that thing?”
“That was a feral hog.”
“A hog?  It looked like a monster.”
“Some of them are,” I said.  “Monsters, that is.”

*****

We switched places in Bryan, Texas.  I drove the rest of the way and we made it to Marshall by 2:30 a.m.  It was good time, but we were both exhausted.  Jessica woke up when she detected the slowing of the car.  
I drove by the Marshall Hospital but decided against stopping by.  It was the wrong time of the night for a visit to Holt Gatlin.  Instead I turned us around and drove back to a quaint hotel I had passed moments before.
When I pulled into the driveway I began to have second-thoughts.  The place looked as though it was left over from about World War II.  There being few other options, I parked and got out into the chilly air and stretched my legs.
“You gotta be kidding me, dad.  What about the Hilton?”
“They don’t have a Hilton here, Jess,” I said.  “It’s the middle of the night.  This will have to do.”
“Whatever,” she said.  “I just want a bed and a pillow.”
I had to agree with her on that point.
I practically had to stand on the buzzer at the drive-up window of the main house, but five minutes later the sleep-filled eyes of the night manager appeared in the fluorescent-lit room.  I asked for a room with two beds.  The fellow mumbled something, took my credit card and handed me two keys.
The room smelled of stale cigarette smoke and my mattress was lumpy.  It was a far cry from my comfortable bed at home and Julie’s warm body, but I adjusted the thermostat and settled in.
I had one fitful dream that lasted most of the night and into the day.
Holt stood on an island at the edge of the water.  He held his fists against his ears while behind him the trees swayed and groaned.
“The trees,” he said.  “They came from the bayou and they’re attacking the people.”
I looked.  The trees were indeed alive and a mass of people were being torn apart.
“Get in my boat, Holt.  I’ll get you out of here.”
“That won’t work.  They’ll follow.  They always follow.  It never stops.”
I got out of the boat and ran amongst the trees, screaming at them to cease, but I was met with a deep, booming laughter that filled the air.
Meanwhile the arms and legs and heads of the people flew about in the air around me.
I shuddered awake, but only because Jessica shook me.
“It’s daylight, dad,” she said.  “I’m hungry.”

*****

“Dad,” Jessica said over breakfast at the IHOP.
“Yeah?”
“We’re rich, aren’t we?”
“Well,” I said, and took a bite of pancake, “you’re not rich.  But really, neither am I?”
“How much money is rich?”
“Hmm.  That’s a good question.  As I see it―and this is a personal definition―rich is when your money works for you, only you have so much that you don’t have to make it work for you.  You just spend it.  Wealthy, on the other hand, is where your money works for you.  Me?  I still have to work for my money.  It’s more of a percentage thing.”
“Explain, please, to your responsible and very intelligent non-pot-smoking daughter who wants her own car.”
“Okay.  More than fifty percent of our income comes from me working.  When that ratio changes to where our income, as a family, is higher than fifty percent from the interest off of invested money we have to work for us, then you could say we were... comfortable.”
“Yeah, we’re not gonna starve.  Thanks for clearing that up.  I think I’ll have another order of pancakes.”
“No you’re not,” I said.
“Whatever,” she said, and then acted as if she didn’t care.
I ended up placing another short stack order for the two of us to share.

CHAPTER FOUR

Willett Mahoney was in Holt’s hospital room when we arrived.
“Bill,” Willett said to me and nodded.
“Hiya, Willett,” I said.  Neither one of us bothered to shake.  Willett wasn’t the handshaking kind, and I wasn’t the kind to shake with anyone who wasn’t.
Holt Gatlin was fast asleep.  One of his legs was elevated in a cast and had a sheet draped over it.  His toes stuck out of the end of the cast.
“Who’s this?” Willett asked.
“I’m Jessica, and you can talk directly to me.”
“I suppose I can,” Willett said.
“This is my daughter,” I said.
“I can see the resemblance,” Willett said.
“I’ll bet,” Jessica stated.  She gave me a look and a slight roll of the eyes.  I knew the look all too well.
“How’s Holt?” I asked.
“Touch and go.  Tough old bird, though,” Willett said.
“That’s for sure.”
There was no other chair so I stood there at the metal rail of Holt’s hospital bed.
Holt’s upper body was also slightly elevated.  It didn’t appear to be the most comfortable position for him, but considering that he also had a cast on his right arm from above his elbow down to his thumb and the bent-knee cast on his right leg from just below his groin all the way down to his heel, it was difficult to imagine how any position could be comfortable.
Also, I noted that he wouldn’t be signing any papers anytime soon.  Not with his right hand, anyway.
I looked at the old man’s seamed face.  He looked pale and wan, but at the same time he looked restful.  Of course that’s also the way a body looks when it’s lying in a coffin.  I shook the thought out of my head. 
No, I decided.  No funeral.  Holt was going to make it.
Holt’s eyes came open slowly.  He looked down toward Willett, and then at Jessica.  His eyebrows raised in surprise, but then he detected that someone was standing close beside him and turned his head slowly towards me.
“Bill,” he whispered.
“Hey, Holt,” I said.  “You look good.”
“Yeah?  Like hell.  I feel...  like I lost a fight with a tornado.”
“Mm-hmm.”  I couldn’t think of anything else to say.
“And who’s this?” Holt asked and nodded towards Jessica.
“That’s Jessica,” Willett said, then added, “ and she can speak for herself.”
“Of course she can,” Holt said.
“Hello, Mr. Gatlin,” Jessica said.  “I heard you got hurt.”
“I did.  I most certainly did.”
Holt looked up at me.  “She’s a fine girl, Bill.”
“A bit of a pain sometimes, but I’m not looking to trade her in.  Yet.”
“Willett,” Holt said,  “I need to talk with Mr. Travis a bit.”
Willett stood.  “I’ll be in the cafeteria,” he said, and stood up.  “I need a cup of coffee anyway.”
“Jess,” I said, “why don’t you go with him.”
“Fine,” she said.  “I think I’ll have a cup of coffee too.” She took Willett’s arm.
“Willett,” I said.  “Don’t let her have more than one cup.  I don’t think she’s ever had coffee and she’s already the most hyper kid in the Western Hemisphere.”
“Whatever,” Jessica said.  As they disappeared out the door and it began to close I heard Jessica say to Willett:  “You have to ignore him.  He’s crazy.”
Holt beamed a smile at me and chuckled softly.
“I like her, Bill.  Now I know you don’t know Willett very well, but he’s a good fellow.”
“Yeah?” I asked.  
“He is.  He’s real quiet-like, but he’s got wheels just-a-turnin’ in that pointed head of his.”
“I don’t doubt it, Holt.  Willett’s fine by me.  I’ve got something to tell you Holt.  You remember that two-hundred-seventeen thousand dollars you handed me?”
“Lost it already?  Well...  Easy come, easy go.”
I laughed.  I couldn’t help it.
“No, sir,” I said.  “You’re worth two million, now.  I cashed it all in last Friday.  I figured you didn’t need more than that.”
“I’ll be...  damned.  That’s fine, Bill.  That’s mighty fine.”
“I sure was sorry to hear about your fall.  Want to tell me about it?” 
“Well...  I was up on the roof and a piece of slate gave way under me and I rode it out on the air and hit the ground.  You know, a good fall takes about half a second.  But when I was coming down I could have written a book with everything that went through my head.”
“I don’t doubt it,” I said.
Holt smiled, thinly.
“You know, Bill,” he said, “I shouldn’t have told you that stuff―when was it?  Last night?”
“Yeah,” I said.  “Don’t worry about that.”
“You didn’t have to come all the way out here, you know.”
“It’s nothing, Holt.  Just miles.”
“And time.”
“Don’t worry,” I said.  “You’ll be paying me for it.”
He chuckled, but then winced a little.
“I shouldn’t make you laugh,” I said.
“Pay it no mind.  Just forget what I told you last night.  Will you do that?”
I looked at him, met his gaze.  “That’s a tall order,” I said.
“I know.  Nothing good can come of any of it.  It’s brought me nothing but misery since I was eighteen years old.”
I waited.  I was under the impression he would say more on the subject, but he simply regarded me with those blue eyes of his.
“There’s one thing you don’t know about me,” I said.
“What, pray tell, is it?”
“It’s that I can’t abide a mystery.  I know, it’s a pretty bad flaw in my character.”
“It’s a gaping hole, Bill,” he said, and smiled.
“I know it.  But it’s there.  Will you tell me what happened in 1960?”
Holt breathed a long sigh.  He turned his head away from me toward the window where a thin strip of blue sky was revealed between the nearly closed curtains.
“I’d tell you,” he said.  “But you can’t go there and I know you would.  And then it would all come out.”
I didn’t have to pause to think about my reply.
“You’re right about that,” I said.  “I’d go and it would all come out.  But let me tell you something I’ve learned.  It all comes out anyway, Holt.  Every secret, no matter how dark.  It has to.  That’s the only way to make it go away.”
“Bill,” he said, “are you some kind of philosopher?”
“Please,” I told him.  “Never accuse me of that.  It’s just plain mean.”
He smiled again, briefly, but the smile faded.  The moment it began to fade, I knew he was going to tell me.

*****

I was just a kid, Bill, wet behind the ears and knowing little more about life than which girls were loose and which filling station sold the cheapest beer.  I was just out of High School―I went to school in Karnack; we all did―and there was little to do but work, chase girls, drink, or go fishing.  By the time I was done with school I had learned the best combinations of those categories, and believe it or not, they all combine easily.
I had explored nearly every acre of Harrison County by that time, and I had found some things maybe I had no business running across.  That happens when you trespass, you know.  But Caddo Lake isn’t like that.  There are parts of it that belong to private individuals.  Mostly, though, it’s wide open, and so I spent most of my time on the lake.
One evening during the summer I was out on the lake in my father’s bass boat with a girl named Molly Sue Perkins.  She was a looker and I was in love and she wasn’t the least bit ‘loose’.  I didn’t take her out there to do what I normally did.  I would have done anything just to spend any length of time alone with her.
She had raven-black hair, long and straight, and she was thin-waisted and had a light-hearted laugh at any stupid little thing I would do.  Any time I was near Molly Sue I felt like a comic-book character.  She did that to me.  I felt like Jughead.
I had designs on her.  I kept an image in my head of a little house with a white picket-fence and Molly Sue pregnant and in her bare foot, watering the flowers along the front walkway.
After that last night, though, the image was gone.  Wiped out, forever.
I had found a little island up one of the little bayous off of the lake and I was taking her there.  The sun was behind us, no more than half an hour from going down.  I knew we wouldn’t be back until dark-thirty―at least that was my plan―and so I had a large picnic basket,  flashlights and blankets in the boat with us.
We were no more than a few hundred yards from where the bayou lets into the lake.  We were threading our way through the stands of cypress that cover that part of the lake when we heard it.  A howling sound, a high-pitched shriek, growing louder and coming from the sky.
It was an airplane, coming in low and fast.  It left a streak of black smoke behind it that just hung there in the breezeless, darkening sky.
It passed over our heads less than a couple of hundred feet.
We knew what was going to happen.
Molly Sue looked at me.  Gone was her beautiful smile.  In its place was fear.  I’ll never forget that look; her wide eyes, her quivering face and thin body.
‘Holt’, she said.  She’d never called me by my name before.  It had always been ‘Junior’, which she had taken to calling me when she was a Senior in High School and I was a year behind her.  Even after I graduated, which was that May, two months before that night, I was still ‘Junior’ to her.  But there on Lake Caddo in my Pa’s little bass boat with the tiller vibrating in the grip of my left hand from the one-cylinder motor and death passing over us, I had become very real to her.  I had become ‘Holt’.  And suddenly I hated the sound of my own name.
‘Holt’, she said, but never finished her sentence.
I was powerless.  I could do nothing to erase the fear etched on her features and I could do nothing about the doomed craft that had just disappeared through the trees.
But the sound―that shriek―grew in intensity.  It lasted probably no more than ten seconds, but it was like falling from that roof.  It... lasted.
But then the crash came, as we both knew it would.  I’ve never heard anything like that, before or since.  I’m not going to live to be a hundred, but if I did, I would still hear it perfectly.
That mile to the crash sight was the longest mile, by water or land, of my life.  The water was motionless.  The air was still and thin, like I imagine outer space would be.
Molly Sue kept saying the Twenty-third Psalm, over and over again under her breath as she faced forward.  But I could hear it.  I heard every word.  When I was a kid I loved that Psalm.  Now I can’t stand it.  Those last few lines though, when she finished them she would repeat them:  ‘Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil for thou art with me thy rod and thy staff they comfort me surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life and I will dwell in the house of the lord forever.’  Just like that.  No punctuation in between.  She’d repeat it a few times and then start back all over again from the top.
I lost my love for her there at the exact halfway point to the island.  I lost it the moment I realized that she was going to keep repeating that dad-blamed Psalm until we arrived at the crash site.  And I felt... well,  vindicated, when that was exactly what occurred.
Suddenly I hated her.  I wanted nothing more to do with her, ever again.  And I haven’t since that very night.
Bill, call the nurse.  I think I’ll take some of that pain medication now.  I’ll tell you the rest after awhile.

*****

I went out into the hall and got a nurse’s attention and passed on the information.  The lady I talked to was a chunky one who must have out-weighed me by fifty pounds or more.  She looked terribly bored, but she brightened up at the news that Holt wanted something to relieve his pain.  I couldn’t understand her reaction, but I let it go.
Back inside Holt’s room, I told him that he’d be out of pain shortly.
“Have you eaten yet?” he asked me.
“Yeah,” I said.  “But I was born during the lunch hour, so I’m always hungry.”
“Willett doesn’t complain about the food here.  Why don’t you go and get a bite.  When you get back we’ll pick it up again.”
“That’s fine, Holt,” I told him.  “See you in a bit.”
Later I was sorry I left, because when I got back Holt was gone.


CHAPTER FIVE

After leaving Holt’s room, I followed the smell of cooking food and found the hospital cafeteria, along with Jessica and Willett.  The cafeteria was no large affair, consisting of little more than a couple of steam tables, a cash register, half a dozen small round tables, and a lone, bored cafeteria worker.
Jessica brightened when I entered, got herself up and skipped over to me.  Willett Mahoney and I exchanged nods.
As I got in the cafeteria line and poured myself a cup of coffee that from the smell had to be hours old, Jessica let me in on the big secret of the day.
“Dad,” she said, “that Willett fellow never says anything.  He just grunts.”
“Like some of your friends when they’re around me.  Now you know how it feels.”
Jessica looked up.  I detected an eye-roll coming, but she noticed my face and decided against it.
“Willett’s pretty much harmless,” I said.  “At least I think he is.”
“Nobody’s harmless,” Jessica said.
“You’ve got a point.”
We rejoined Willett.
“Well,” I said, finally, not knowing how to finish.
“That’s a pretty deep subject,” Willett replied.
“Uh-huh.  Holt looks better than I thought he would.”
“Yeah,” Willett said.
“Aren’t you going to ask what we talked about?”
Willett drained the last of his coffee and set the cup down.
“Nope,” he said.
“Okay.  He asked for some pain medication.  A nurse is probably giving him something right now.”
“Uh-huh,” Willett said.
“I’ve got a problem, Willett.  I need a little guidance, and you’re the only person I know in these parts besides Holt.”
“I knew somethin’ was on your mind,” he said, regarding me with me with green, tired eyes.
“If anything happens to Holt, who can I trust?  His family will have something coming to them, but I don’t know them.”
“What did Holt have to say about it?” Willett asked.
“Nothing, yet.  I haven’t broached the subject.”
“I thought that was what ya’ll were talking about.  Reckon I was wrong.”
There was a long silence.
Jessica looked as if she were about to speak, but I gave the barest of headshakes and she got the message.
“Willett,” I began.  “You don’t know me and I don’t know you.  We’ve got that in common.  But I have to know something right out front.”
Willett waited, and at the same time looked as though he was waiting for nothing.
“Do you know about what happened to him back in 1960?”
“Why?” Willett asked.
“I just need to know where things stand.”
“I know something.  Holt doesn’t know that I know or what I know.”
“Fair enough,” I said.  “I’m about to go up and find out the rest of it.”
Willett didn’t reply.
I pushed my chair back and stood.  Jessica followed suit.  Before I could take my first step away, Willett said it:  “Don’t trust nobody.”
I turned back to look at his face.  It was unchanged.
Willett looked down at his coffee cup, picked it up and tilted it back to see to the bottom, as if making sure it was empty.
“Thanks,” I said, and walked away.

*****

I was quick to learn how correct Willett was.
Holt was gone.
His private room looked so antiseptic and so thoroughly vacant that at first I thought that I had entered the wrong room.  I quickly checked the room number.  Right room―no Holt.
“Weird,” Jessica said.  “Wasn’t he just in here?”
“Yeah.  He was,” I said.
We went to the nurse’s station down the hall.
“Excuse me,” I said to the nurse, the same one who had showed evidence of life when I told her that Holt was requesting medication.  Her name tag read “Babette.”
“Nurse Babette, where is Holt Gatlin?”
“It’s pronounced ‘Babe-ette’,” she said.
“Huh?” Jessica asked.
“You know. Like a little baby?”
“I’m sorry,” I said.  “Where’s Holt?”
“Are you family?” she asked.
“Uh.  No.  But he was here just twenty minutes ago.  Is he being x-rayed or something?”
“If you’re not family, I can’t disclose anything,” Nurse Babette said.  She turned away from me and went back to her paperwork.
“Excuse me,” I said.  “We’re still here.”
“Yeah.  I know.  I wish you weren’t.”
I looked at Jessica.
“We got that,” Jessica said.  “But would you please answer my dad’s question?”
Nurse Babette shrugged.  She was a solid and frumpy woman.  Also, she reminded me of some kind of wind-up toy.  “Let me get the Nursing Director,” she said.
“Fine,” I said.  “Do that.”
Nurse Babette picked up her phone and pushed a button.
“Ms. Wilkinson.  There’s a man and a girl here asking about one of our patients.”
I waited.
“No, ma’am.  Not family...  Yes, ma’am.”  Nurse Babette hung up the phone.  “She’ll be right down in a minute.” She turned away.
“Thank you,” Jessica said.  I would have said something completely different.

*****

The Nursing Director, Ms. Linda Wilkinson, would be winning no prizes in the personality division of any contest.
She was a tall, straight-backed woman in her late fifties.  She did not wear nursing scrubs, but instead wore a conservative white shirt and black slacks.  She had mousy, silvered hair piled up on top of her head in a tight bun and had a pair of silver-rimmed spectacles perched forward on her long, narrow hawk-nose.  Also, she had a name tag that gave her name.
“It is hospital policy not to provide anyone outside of family and attorney with information.”
“Spoken like a real lawyer,” Jessica said.
“That’s enough,” I enjoined.  “Look, I know the rules.  But I’ve got Holt’s Power of Attorney.”
“For health care, or for financial matters?”
“Financial,” I said.  There was no use in lying.  I had no illusions that I would get anywhere by doing so.
“Not good enough,” she said, and smiled.  If I’d had a gun I would have shot her.
“The last time I checked,” I said, managing to keep my composure, “hospitals charge money for health care.  That’s where I come in.  So, strictly speaking, if you will give me your fax number, I’ll have my secretary fax over the proper documentation.  That way, you’ll be covered.”
Her mouth tightened.  I knew I had her.
“Mr. Gatlin has been transferred to Memorial Hospital in Houston.”
“Thank you,” Jessica said.
As we turned away I saw Willett emerging from Holt’s room.  He spotted us.
“Where is he?” Willett asked.
“They’ve moved him to Houston Memorial.”
“Then it’s begun,” Willett said.  “Let’s go, Bill.”  Willett started off toward the elevator at a trot and I hastily fell into pace behind him.
“Hey, wait for me!” Jessica called out.
AUTHOR’S NOTE

No work of fiction that is based on an actual locality can adequately depict what actually exists there. The same is decidedly true for the two areas that I describe in this book, namely: Caddo Lake and the Lost Pines region.  
While I very briefly touched upon the Lost Pines in this book, I intend to amend that in the future.  Sadly, the Lost Pines was devastated by a wildfire in early September 2011.  The fire destroyed all but a mere one hundred acres of the lush and majestic six thousand acre park.  The text here regarding the Lost Pines was written years prior to the fire.  I have left it here for personal reasons.  For this author, losing the Lost Pines was very much like losing a very dear friend.  Consequently―and very likely, painfully―I intend to revisit this catastrophic event in the forthcoming Bill Travis book, After The Fire.
Caddo Lake is very real. It was named for the Caddo tribe of natives who once made a vast stretch of East Texas their home. The Caddo were mound-builders, possibly relative to the Mississippi basin mound-builders who were responsible for so many great feats of architecture along the great valley that divides our continent.
Caddo Lake has a timeless beauty and uniqueness  that annually draws thousands of people:  tourists, sports and game fishermen, photographers, wildlife researchers, botanists―the list is endless.  It has an other-worldly quality to it that will not be lost upon even the most jaded of visitors.  Once out upon the lake and moving through the stands of bole cypress, one could very well be in another place entirely.  Perhaps a South Louisiana bayou, or possibly some place in Florida.  This quality has not been overlooked by Hollywood.  To date a number of movies have been filmed there, including Universal Soldier II, Two For Texas, Do Or Die, Big Bad John, Soggy Bottom USA, Southern Comfort, The Long Hot Summer, Gator Bait, Bayou Boy, The Boy From Dead Man’s Bayou, The Secret Of The Pond, Weakfoot, and The Ghost Of Cypress Swamp. An episode of Walker: Texas Ranger was shot there.
As a final word, there are governmental and industrial interests who would like nothing better than to develop areas of Caddo Lake for their own ends, which ultimately comes down to one thing:  the pursuit of the Almighty Dollar at the expense of this beautiful natural wetland.  The admittedly small but dedicated band of local residents, fish, game and wildlife enthusiasts, and a very few famous personalities (Don Henley of The Eagles, namely) have fought the good fight, long and hard, against the destruction of Texas’ only natural lake.
This author prays that he may, in the coming years, be able to take his grandchildren out to the lake and show them cypress trees that existed before the birth of Columbus, before The Crusades, and possibly even before a legendary king drew a sword from a stone.

ARROWMOON

A Bill Travis Mystery

GEORGE WIER


DEDICATION

For Sallie. Of course.


PROLOGUE

The gray light of dawn stretches westward over farms and fields and small towns.  The night retreats and what was hidden by the night is revealed.
A lone building, a tin-roofed and aging barn with its weathered skeleton showing in broad swatches where the wind has peeled back its metal skin now glows in the growing light.
A single shaft of untainted golden light penetrates horizontally into the interior through one of these swatches where a flap of corrugated tin creaks with each sigh of the wind.  The light pierces like a medieval lance between two tall stacks of square-baled hay that stand less than a half a foot apart and gleams off of a cold steel wheel about the size of a man’s hand.
It is the combination wheel for a steel safe.  Out of sight.  Out of mind.  Forgotten.
The hay itself is nearly ancient and rotting.  Were you to press your face against it, you would breathe in the sickly-sweet odor of mold and mouse droppings.  The rotting hay is evidence of old chores left forever undone and of the sloughed-off dreams of farm and ranch life, the dreamer gone now, taken off for parts unknown.  
Were you to push aside the stacks of hay and allow them to topple, before you would stand a four and a half-foot tall black case.
Had you the proper combination you could, with some effort, turn the dial and hear long-unused tumblers click into place.  With a strong-armed tug on the cold handle below the combination wheel, the door would swing open on hinges greased before the First World War.
And inside?
Inside:  a .45 caliber Navy Colt revolver, its bluing still perfect and its oil still clean, sitting on top of an old tanned leather journal wrapped with a leather draw string.
Were you to reach inside and pick it up, the revolver would feel heavy in your hands and the coldness of the steel would bite at your palm and fingers.  It is what some old-timer might call a hog-leg.  Were you to thumb the catch that holds the cylinder in place, it would fall outward from its housing and stop.  The six perfectly round chambers inside would contain six cartridges; six silvery casings tipped with rounded lead.
But the leather journal is there, still untouched.
Were you to lay aside the heavy revolver and heft the journal it would feel smooth and cool in your hand.  The smell of the tannic acid used to cure its cover is already working its way into your nose, calling up images perhaps of old buggy whips or razor strops.  The string holding it together is itself a rawhide thong, attached to the journal cover and looped around the old book and back through itself.
The thong loosens with a creak and dangles in the cool and musty morning air inside the barn.
Motes of hay, mold and old animal dander dance in the near horizontal sunbeams around you as you open the book.
Here is the first leaf, cream-colored and yet somehow very new, or rather perfectly preserved.  There is spidery writing on it, with the thick loops and blobs of a quilled ink pen and a style of cursive freehand writing now nearly vanished from the Earth.
It is German.  Deutsche.
But here, set off by itself near the bottom of the page, are four Arabic numerals.  It is a date: 1899.
Thumbing the leaves, you note that the pages contain a narrative of some kind and it encompasses almost the entirety of the book.
But here, what’s this near the end?
Here are photographs.  Old tintypes.  There are three of these, each sandwiched between its own set of journal pages.  The tintypes are sepia-toned, a dismal cream color.
The first photograph is an old chair of some kind, black and solid and sitting on a concrete floor.  It does not look at all comfortable.  And here about the room in the picture are bars of black shadow across the floor.  Here is a window through which can be seen a lone puff of cloud.  But now here: these thin traces of black shadow must be wires connected to the chair.  And here, manacles for the wrists and ankles, unless the photo is somehow a fakery.
But there are more pictures to see.
This next one: what is this?
From the architecture it is some sort of church, all crumbling stone.  Nothing remarkable here.  Except...  here is a face in a black window on the second floor.  There is no glass in the window and only darkness behind and inside, but for the elfin, pale, almost wraith-like face.  It is a small face, its features blurred by the exposure.  Either a small woman or a child.  Possibly the church with the window and the ghostly, almost featureless face would give you a slight shudder.
Now, here, stuck fast between two more pages is another picture.
It is a man, posing.  He is looking over your left shoulder and showing you his prominent cheekbones and his piercing eyes and the seriousness of his mouth.  He is clean-shaven.  His hair must be either silver or gray.
Not a kind man.  Not the grandfatherly type.
Near the end here, after the tintypes, there are other entries.  A column of numbers; possibly they are ages as measured in years, next to which are a list of names with a column between them in the formal style: last name, first name.  Scanning the “Ages” column we see 7, 5, 11, 14, 6, all random. 
An inquisitive mind, a solution-oriented person, might begin to fit these things ― these old objects, these images, these blobs of ink and this old safe inside of this old barn ― together into some sort of reality where they all fit.  The prospect of it, however, may seem disturbing.  
But here, let’s put these things away now.  Let’s draw the thong tight around the journal and lay it back where it belongs, place the too-heavy revolver back on top of it and close the black steel door until it clicks firmly into place.  Let’s give the combination wheel a good spin, step back and, with some effort, re-stack the hay where it belongs.
The things are all safe now.  Out of sight and mind and away from life and living.  They are locked away in darkness behind old tumblers for which the combination is no closer to the touch than the combination for the upcoming winning lottery ticket.
Let’s move back from the barn a safe distance and let time and gravity and mold do its busy work while it can.
Let’s, for a moment, forget what’s behind a steel black door hidden behind two moldy stacks of hay in a forgotten shell of a barn; a barn that sits on a piece of land that was long ago fenced off from the remainder of the world.
We look and find that even the lane that leads to the barn has been abandoned and is overgrown with trees and brush.  Here and there it has been sliced cleanly in places with large crevasses, gullies-in-the-making, as the land itself has slowly changed with the passage of time.
But drawing back farther and now up the high hill not far away, we look back.  And what is this new thing?
It is a long, narrow strip of something tapering off over the horizon beyond the barn and the forest that hides it.  It is a scar of some kind.  A scar on the land itself.
We stand steady, squinting into the distance.
There are men there, working men, determined about some task.  It is a road-in-the-building.  A broad thing, cutting through hills and forests and pasture lands.  Yellow caterpillar tractors are pushing at the earth, moving it, smoothing it.  It the distance there is the black smoke of diesel engines carrying loads of gravel.
If you were to take the distant ribbon of road where it meets the horizon far away and draw a line downward through the center of it, continue it on through the working men and machines, draw it still closer through the woods and across where it bisects another narrower unpaved road, draw it still further through the fence line and through the woods, you would see that the line intersects perfectly with the now completely dark hole in the side of the barn where not long ago a shaft of light penetrated neatly between two stacks of rotting hay.
But... the day passes on and the sun dips inevitably toward its rendezvous with the horizon.  The Half Moon already limned in crimson inches up higher into the growing purplish darkness.
The light retreats and shadows lengthen and join together to become the union of shadow that is night.
And what lies forgotten waits again in the coolness and the damp and the dark.

CHAPTER ONE

The name’s Bill Travis.  No relation.
Well, maybe some relation.  Who knows?  I’ve been too busy to try and track it down and there are few relatives outside of my immediate family that I’m close to enough to ask about it.
The other Bill Travis, defender (and loser) of the Alamo, that’s another guy entirely.
Me?  I do well to defend myself from the family dog, who once in awhile will be so over-stressed as to forget that my leg is not a bitch in heat.
When Julie sees it starting, she laughs.  I don’t kick him too hard.
Julie?  That’s my wife.
I met her in the not-usual way.  By way of saying that I didn’t up and ask her out to a movie or something during some kind of conference, nor bump into her at the grocery store.  She was a client of mine.  
Which brings me to what I do.
I manage money.
That’s what I was doing when I got word that I was needed in East Texas: managing money, or rather making sure the money already invested was making money.  Which was why I was two hundred feet in the air looking out over a sheer drop to the street below when Jack Pierce yelled at my back and startled me.  I’d been thinking about our dog, Franklin, humping my leg.  I was doing anything I could, actually, to try and not think about the height.
Normally, I like heights, but every once in awhile I can feel the side effects.
“Travis!”
I started.  Suddenly the distance below me yawned wide.  I backed away, groping for ground with my heels.
Jack Pierce was the head contractor for the new Ranchers and Merchants Bank building that was going up downtown.  Jack needed about fifty million in start-up money and that’s where my contacts and I came in.
I heard laughter behind me.
Jack was somewhat of a joker.  He loved scaring the bejesus out of his men whenever he got the chance.  I guess he thought he knew me well enough to know I wouldn’t punch his lights out.  What he didn’t know was how close he came to just that.
“Wha’samatter, Bill?”  He chuckled.
“Nothin’, Jack.” I turned to him.  “Why do you do that?”  I asked.
“What?”
“Why do you try to scare people like that?”
“Bill, you’re an okay sort of fellow.  Except for one thing.”
“What’s that, Jack?”
“I’ll tell you later,” he said, and grinned.  “You got a call in the shack.”  He motioned behind him.  “It’s your secretary.”
“Penny?”
“Yeah.  You should carry a cell phone,” he said, and turned back toward the elevator.
We were seventeen stories up.  Fifteen more stories and four months to go.  Jack’s company was ahead of schedule. The investors, my investors, would be happy about that, if I didn’t kill the boss before he was finished.
I took the long ride down with Jack on the temporary outside service elevator.  There’s no glass, little room, plenty of wind, and the ride isn’t nearly as smooth as your given luxury tower elevator.  We didn’t say much.  When I got out at the street level in downtown Austin my stomach was no longer in my throat.
The shack was across the yard from the building site and was actually a trailer home that looked to be about twenty years old.  Someone sure was cutting corners.  Not that I blamed him.
Inside there was an old steel office desk sitting on a stringy and frayed blue shag carpet.  I used to see such things in the oil patch back home.  That’s East Texas.
Behind the desk was Jack’s daughter, Libby.
“Hi, Bill,” she said, and smiled.  All of Jack’s daughters were raving red-haired, lightly freckled, green-eyed beauties.  Also, I’d known them since they were little kids, so they didn’t bother with the formal last name and simply called me Bill.  Hell, I kind of liked it.
She pushed the phone toward me.
I picked it up and pushed the flashing green button.
“Penny?” I asked.
“Mr. Travis.  I’ve been trying to reach you.”
“So I gathered.  What is it?”
“Lief Prescott called.”
“What about?”  I asked.  I felt like I needed a drink of something.  Preferably something a little stronger than water.  I was looking at Libby Pierce.  She was sitting in one of those leather executive chairs and wearing a University of Texas T-shirt and very short shorts.  She crossed her legs and then smiled sweetly, showing me her even, white teeth.  Libby was all of twenty-one years old.
I turned away.  It was tough, but I did it.
I looked at Jack, standing there and waiting.  He rolled his eyes.
“He says he can’t go any further with his highway.”
“Why the hell not.  He’s got eminent domain behind him.”
“Something about a temporary injunction and fourteen days.  He said that fourteen days translates somehow into two months and he can’t wait two months for a check from the Department of Transportation.”
“I know he can’t.  Wait a minute, Penny.” I pressed the phone into my chest.  “Jack, I gotta go.”
“Fine by me,” he said.
“You’ll bring the check by tomorrow, right?”
Jack looked over at his daughter.
I turned toward her.  “Tell him to bring me the check tomorrow, Libby.  Okay?”
She frowned.
“She’ll remind me,” Jack said.  Jack was middle-aged and beginning to show his years.  His neck was sun-reddened and seamed and crosshatched with wrinkled skin and his reddish crop of hair was beginning to gray at the temples.  Jack was the kind of guy you either liked or loathed.  I guess he was alright by me. Most of the time.
“Okay, Penny.  I’ll be there in ten minutes,” I said.
“Fine, sir.”
I hung up.
I stepped out the door and into the too-bright Texas summer sunshine.
I stopped and turned back to Libby.
“Bye, Libby,” I said.  “Nice T-shirt.”
She grinned back at me.

*****

My office is on the western fringe of downtown.  That’s where they keep all of the professional people who feel they have to have hardwood floors to walk on and park their cars underneath the spreading branches of old oak, pecan and cottonwood trees.  People like me.
It’s just my office now, although the name outside says Bierstone and Travis.  Nate Bierstone is now an in-law of sorts.  My wife’s uncle.  Also, he’s the Lieutenant Governor, which means he’s usually somewhere else banging a gavel, or making political deals behind the scenes and pushing or derailing legislation.  The old Democrat loves it, too.
“Hello, Penny,” I said once inside.
Penny was going through some kind of phase.  She’d changed her hair and was wearing classier clothes and was all dolled up with makeup.  Maybe she had a new boyfriend.
“Mr. Travis, Mr. Prescott called again.  You really need to talk to him.  He said something about some Big Shot is flying in on a Lear Jet.  I couldn’t make heads or tails of what he was talking about.”
“I’ll handle Lief,” I told her.
At that moment the phone rang again.
“Bierstone and Travis,” Penny answered.
“He’s right here, Mr. Prescott.”  She held the phone out toward me and her eyes pleaded for me to take it.  I could hear Lief’s voice talking to the air.
I motioned to my office.
Once inside with the door closed I picked up the receiver and hit the flashing button.
Lief Prescott was still talking:
“...  And if Travis thinks I’m going to talk with some goddamned lawyer, he’s got another thing―”
“‘Mornin’, Lief,” I cut him off.
“Where the hell have you been?  I’ve got an entire road crew that can’t road.  I’ve got Peterson’s paving people about to catch up to me and there’s this asshole Jockovitch supposed to be flying in―”
“Simmer down, Lief. Just simmer down a minute.  What is this all about?”
“It’s about Highway 119, that’s what it’s about.  A Highway that is going nowhere.”
“Penny said something about a restraining order.  Where?  What Court?  Who signed it?  Why?”
“I don’t know all that, and I most especially don’t know why?”  Lief wasn’t the kind of guy to calm down simply because someone tells him to do so, but I was using soothing and calm tones with him and I was beginning to get that tone across.
“Well,” I said.  “Let’s start with the Court Order.  You got it there with you?”
“Um.  Yeah.”  I heard papers being shuffled around.  “Here’s the goddamned thing.”
“How thick is it?  How many pages?”
I heard a sigh. “About five or six.”
“What does it say, essentially?”
“Well shoot!  I got no idea what it says.  It’s written in legalese language.  Something about injunctive relief and temporarily restraining.  Crapola like that.”
“Okay.  Flip through it and see if there is a section with a Roman numeral two on it.”
I heard rattling paper and low curses.  There was a train going by somewhere within half a mile of Lief Prescott and his restraining order.
“Found it.  It’s on page two,” he said.
“Read it to me, Lief.”
“Okay.  It says: ‘On or about April second of this year, the State of Texas annexed the property known as the Pender Addition of Southwestern Robertson County, Texas, for the purposes of constructing a multi-lane throughway as a part of the state highway system.  This was done through the Eminent Domain doctrine.  However, the current owners of the property were not advised of the annexation nor were they given sufficient notification to remove any personal property in existence on said property.”
“That’s enough for now, Lief.  What’s on that property that’s so hot?” I asked.
“What do you mean?  There’s nothing on that property.”
“Have you been on it?”  I pressed him, cautiously.
“I’ve walked every square foot of that property.  There ain’t nothing there but scrub brush and gullies and an old hay barn.”
“An old hay barn.”
“That’s what I said.  An old hay barn that’s about to fall down under its own weight.”
“And nothing else?”
“Nada.  Zip.  Goose egg,” he said.  He was starting to calm down a little.  That was a plus.
“Okay,” I said.  “But there is something there.  Who’s Jockovitch?”
“He’s some big time lawyer from Boston.  Flying down here.  He said he doesn’t want anybody near that property for the next fourteen days.  Bill, I’ve got a survey crew that needs in there right now.  Also, there’s a big hill on the place that we’re going to have to doodle-bug our way through.”
Doodle bugging meant blasting with dynamite.  I’d heard enough.
“Lief.  Don’t do anything.  When’s this lawyer coming in?”
“Tonight.  Flying in to Easterwood Airport in College Station. They’ve got the biggest runways between Dallas and Houston, and it’s pretty close. Thirty miles from here.”
“Okay.  Give me a couple of hours and meet me at that little café you’re so fond of.”
“You’re coming?” he asked.  I could hear the relief in his voice.
“Yeah,” I said.  “I’ll see you in a bit.”
“Hot damn,” he said, and hung up.

CHAPTER TWO

A phone call to Julie to let her know I wouldn’t be home for supper and a quick stop for a full tank of gas, and I was on my way.
I took to the back roads East of Austin, the traffic thinning down to about one pickup truck or car every five minutes, and with the sun squarely behind me I got to the gently rolling hills, my now aging Mercedes eating up the miles as I looked over the countryside.
Driving for any good distance is somewhat therapeutic, and I found myself humming along to an old Jazz tune.
And so I started thinking about Lief Prescott, whom, I was certain, wouldn’t be able to pick out jazz from a choice between Count Basie and an elephant stampede.  George Strait and Randy Travis were more his type of music.  I don’t know that they still make them like Lief Prescott, but then again, somebody is sure buying that country music these days.
I get along in life by making it a point to know a lot of people and being sure they know I’m the guy that can help them.  That was how I met Lief.
My good friend, Hank Sterling, had given Lief my name and I got a call from him one morning after coming back from a misadventure back home.  All I could really remember about that time was a black female Sheriff, a great deal of water coming down on my head, and Julie having our first baby together, Jennifer.  When I first spoke with Lief over the phone he didn’t bother with any back-story but simply began by telling me what he needed from me, as if he were placing an order with Sears and Roebuck.
And that pretty much sums up Lief Prescott.  If the government were to give him a hundred million and tell him to get mankind to the stars, Lief would figure it out and still come in under budget.  All by way of saying that he was the kind of fellow who got what he wanted.  Who was I to try and stop him?  No.  With Lief, all I saw was opportunity.
Since then, with a little backing from a few of my friends, Lief had built a toll road in Houston, had added a runway to the George Bush Airport, and was now working on the biggest thing to hit Central Texas: a five-lane highway neatly bisecting the triangle between Houston, San Antonio and Dallas.  
With the kind of client base that included people like Lief Prescott, within a few years I’d be able to retire if I played my cards right. My only problem was that I had never been what you’d call a good card player.  Yet.
Small towns with quaint names passed on by.  I made good time.
I hung a right, headed east on Highway 79 and passed through the one-horse bergs of Milano and Gause.  A few miles on down and I found Lief’s highway where it bisected 79.  I noted that the road was still blocked off there.  I went on into Hearne, Texas, an old Southern Pacific railroad terminus and once the home of a large Italian prisoner of war encampment.  When World War II ended most of the Italian POWs who were released decided to settle down there, and so the local phone book reads more like the directory for, say, Brooklyn, New York, than it normally would for a small Texas town of less than five thousand souls.
I loved the place.
I turned right, from memory, onto Highway 6, went north one block and there was the café.  Lief’s maroon Ford King-cab pickup was parked out front.

*****

In small towns they don’t usually pass ordinances against smoking in restaurants.  I’d forgotten that.  The cigarette smoke was thick inside the Family Diner, and as far as I could see, there weren’t any families in evidence.  It was a good name, though.  If I had been driving sedately along Highway 6 with my wife and kids, I would’ve stopped.
Lief was hunkered over the jukebox in the corner.  A quarter disappeared into the machine from his meaty fingers and he tapped a couple of buttons.
A waitress was suddenly in front of me, a short woman with broad thighs and an equally broad smile and twinkling, pretty brown eyes.  I bet she made good tips with that smile and those eyes.
Before she could say anything we heard a voice.
“He’s with me.”  It was Lief.
“Fine,” she said and stood back, waiting.
Lief came over and shook my hand.  He had a grip like iron.
“Made good time,” he said.  “I wish you were here this morning when that Constable served those papers, though.”
“Yep,” I said.  “I’ll bet you do.”
“Come on and sit down.”  Lief turned and led me to his table.  There were plates there that needed cleaning away, and the waitress, whose name tag ready “Dollie” began gathering them up.
“Coffee?” she asked me.
“Iced tea will be fine,” I told her.
She gave me that smile again.  I pegged it: a smile that seemed to say ‘You and I have got a secret.’
She flitted off.
“Interesting folks around here,” I said.
“That’s for sure.  Here’s the papers, Bill.”  He handed me a re-used manila file folder and I took it and laid it on the booth cushion beside me.
“You ain’t gonna look?” Lief asked.
“No reason to.  What we are going to do is take a little ride, see what’s on that land.”
“What?” His voice came up a decibel level.
“Quiet, Lief,” I said.  “We don’t know anything until we know something, and we won’t know that until we know everything.”
The restaurant was half full ― or half empty, depending upon one’s point of view ― and I didn’t want to share our conversation with everyone in town.
The waitress set a glass of iced tea in front of me, and with her other hand refilled Lief’s coffee cup, then she was gone. 
“Lief, you wouldn’t happen to have the original plat map for that property, would you?”
He smiled.
“I’ve got it and about two hundred others out in my truck.”
“Get the one we want, would you?” I asked.
“Alright.  Be right back.”
It was after he got up and left that I realized the jukebox was playing something by Aerosmith.  Just when you think you’ve got somebody pegged ―
To my right, outside the window, Lief was rifling through the back seat of his pickup.
I looked up to see the waitress giving somebody else the same smile she had given me.  I suppose I was both vaguely relieved and disappointed at the same time.
Lief was back inside of a minute.
I moved my iced tea aside, wiped up the condensation on the table and unrolled the map.
“You’re looking at it upside down,” he said.
So I was.  I righted it.
“Here,” he said.  A thick forefinger pointed out the tract.  It was 269.23 acres.  The map showed two structures instead of one.
“This smaller one has to be the barn,” I said.
“Sure is.  The house is not there anymore.”
“What happened to it?”
He took a sip of coffee.  “I don’t rightly know.  There’s a glade where that house used to be, but little evidence that there ever was a house there.”
“Burned down, maybe?” I asked.
“Nothing charred around there.  No slab.  No old piers or beams.  Nothing.”
“Okay.”
I looked back down at the map.
Something very strange happened.  Lief’s coffee cup broke.  One minute it was sitting there, the next he was jumping up from his seat.  I snatched the plat map away, but a corner of it had gotten wet.  Coffee was everywhere.
“They don’t ordinarily do that, do they?” I asked.
“Dammit!” Lief said.
I looked to my right.  I don’t know why, just reflex I suppose.
There was a neat, round hole in the window just above the baseboard.
I slipped out of the booth, taking the court order and the plat map with me, grabbed Lief’s arm and pulled him after me.
“What the hell?” he asked.
We had the attention of the entire restaurant.  The waitress was standing near the door, not smiling.  There was less glass and therefore less exposure to the outside in that direction.
“Back door?” I asked.
She pointed.  I stuffed the paper under my arm, reached for my wallet and drew out the first bill I encountered ― a fifty.  I handed it to her and led Lief off the way she had pointed, through a kitchen where a skinny, acne-faced kid and a big black man labored over a smoking grill.
The kid looked at me, yawned, and turned back to some frying eggs.
“Hold on just a goddamned minute, Bill.  What the hell?”
“We’re being shot at, Lief.  It’s either that or holes magically appear in windows simultaneously when coffee cups explode.”
“Shit,” he said.
Through a back room with a large cooler and big sinks and there was the rear door, standing open.  There lay dimming sunlight, lengthening shadows and green grass out there.

CHAPTER THREE

Outside there was a smelly dumpster and an even smellier grease bin.  A line of scrub brush divided the diner property from an open field beyond, but there was no fence.
“Let’s circle around,” I said.
“What about the police?”
“That’ll just upset everybody.  Right now we don’t want any attention.  Come on.”
We went through the brush, turned right when we were through and jogged down a block to the next street and doubled back across the highway when the traffic was clear.
Up a grassy embankment we came upon a set of railroad tracks.  We flew over them, rushed down the other side and turned right.
A hundred yards ahead of us was a pickup truck, just getting into motion.  Whoever was driving it was in a hurry.  Gravel and dust flew and the truck lurched forward, did a little fishtail for a moment and then turned left and disappeared into an old residential neighborhood.
“That was the sniper,” Lief said.
We arrived where the rear truck tires had left a set of divots in the dirt road beside the track.
I looked in the direction of the café.  I couldn’t see it.
Lief motioned to me, already moving that way.
Up the embankment again, we both saw where the grass had been pressed down in several places.
“Here,” Lief said.  “He had his knees planted here.”  He pointed.  Something caught my eye off to our right.  The glint of shiny metal.
“Cartridge,” I said, pointing.
Lief started to pick it up, but I touched his arm.
“Wait.”  I loosened my shirtsleeve at the wrist, pulled my hand inside the cuffs and reached down and picked up the cylinder with my shirtsleeve.
“Damn,” Lief said.  “Fingerprints, huh?  Just like a TV private eye.  What are you, Bill?”
“I don’t know about any of that,” I told him, “but this is the only thing we’ve got at the moment.  We may need it.”
“I ain’t never been shot at before,” he said.
“I have.”
He exhaled slowly and I looked at his face.  I could see relief there.
“Sort of puts things in perspective, doesn’t it?” I said.  “Close call like that.”
“Yeah.”
“You alright?” I asked.
The tension drained away from his face.  He smiled.  “You know, for the last five minutes I haven’t felt the pain in my leg where it got broken in High School.  Also, I haven’t been thinking about hiring and firing and checking accounts.”
“Yep,” I said.  “Me neither.”
I put the cartridge in my shirt pocket.  I didn’t say anything to Lief, but I certainly thought it.  It was the ejected shell of a .22-250.  A deer rifle.  If the bullet had hit either one of us, it would have gone through and out the other side, funeral arrangements pending.

*****

We were in Lief’s pickup and headed south on Highway 6 when the local police blew past us, lights rotating and siren wailing.
We drove on.

*****

I was thinking about my Mercedes, which I had moved to the empty parking lot of a funeral parlor next door to the café.  I was hoping that no one had noted it and connected it up with the rifle fire and pointed it out to the police.  The old tub of bolts had seen me through a number of miles and I had a soft place in my heart for it.
About five miles south of town Lief turned us off down a narrow county dirt road.  The sun was getting low on the horizon through the bare tree branches and neither one of us was talking.  I’d never known Lief not to talk before, but I could understand it.
After ten minutes of winding countryside and a stunning sunset, Lief slowed us down and pointed to his left.  I looked but could see nothing but gathering darkness and woods.
We drove a quarter of a mile further and pulled off the road at a turnout that led down a deserted lane.
“We’ll park here and walk back,” he said.
“You got a flashlight?”
“Does a hen lay eggs?”
We climbed out and walked back to about the area Lief had pointed.  We stopped.
Dense brush marked the property in question.  I turned and looked behind us.  Even in the dark I could see the silhouettes of abandoned earth movers across the road; the highway that, as Lief said, was going nowhere.
“Just so you know,” Lief said, “I don’t look on this as trespassing.  Jockovitch is some kind of lawyer, and the fellow who owned this was named Pfeffer, and is probably dead.  The name has been on the plat map at least since 1936.  So the owner hasn’t told me I can’t go on this place and the court papers didn’t say anything about it either. And court order or no court order, this place was condemned.”
“You don’t have to rationalize it to me, Lief,” I said.
“Oh.  Alright.  Let’s go, then.  Let’s wait until we get into the woods a bit before turning on the flashlight.”
“Yeah.  We’ve had enough attention already.”
At that moment, far down the road that led back to the highway, I could see spreading illumination.  Headlights.
We moved quickly, stepping across the ditch through high weeds and up to the barbed-wire.  Lief put his foot on the middle strand and pushed down while pulling up on the top strand.
I stepped through without a snag.  It’s a skill gained from country living.  I haven’t lived in the country since I was a kid, but some things you never forget.  Once through I held the wire for Lief and he came on through.  No mishaps.
We took to the woods.
The brush was thick.  I got slashed lightly across the forehead with some kind of thorny vine.  I felt my forehead, then examined my fingers in the dim light.  I didn’t seem to be bleeding.
There was a racket in the dense leaves nearby.  We both started for an instant, but then the racket moved off quickly.  Probably an armadillo or a raccoon.
The headlights out on the roadway grew closer.
We stopped and hunkered down.  It was pitch black, but for the bluish headlights coming on.
After an interminable half a minute, the vehicle passed.
Neither one of us moved.
For some reason there was complete silence.  Not a rustle anywhere.
Lief exhaled loudly.  I realized I had been holding my breath.  Also, my heart was thumping in my ears.
“This reminds me of stealing watermelons as a kid,” Lief said.
“And how’s that checking account?”
“What checking account?”
I laughed.  Lief joined in.  The nervous laughter of a couple of trespassers who hadn’t been caught.  Yet.

*****

Humans are not nocturnal creatures.  Going out into the woods at night is little different from diving to the bottom of the sea and strolling through the foliage there.  The creatures either shy away or become curious and close in.  We saw the occasional close-set pair of eyes reflecting back at us in the powerful beam of Lief’s flashlight.  We kept going and the eyes disappeared as quickly as they had come.
Two hundred plus acres makes for a good deal of woods.  The Pfeffer property was no exception.  The brush was thick, opening only occasionally onto a narrow glade with a billion twinkling stars for a roof.  I hadn’t been camping since about age fifteen, but our trek through the woods brought back those memories.  Good ones.  That morning I had been looking down from a hundred feet onto congested downtown traffic, and the same night I was nearly a hundred miles away tromping through the East Texas woods.
After half an hour of moving through the brush, climbing down into narrow creeks and up the other side and generally attempting to keep to a straight path, Lief suddenly clicked off his flashlight.
“Shh,” he said.
I stopped.
“Through the trees there,” he whispered.  “Tell me if you see it?”
“What am I looking for?” I whispered back, but then I saw it.  An orange flicker, as if from flame.  “Yeah, I see it.”
Without another word Lief began to move carefully forward.  The moon was coming up into the sky behind us, and we moved from one patch of pale-lit ground to another.
There was a fire ahead of us, not forty feet away.  A small campfire.
Another ten feet along and we were inching our way forward.
We both heard it at the same time.  Someone clearing their throat and spitting.
Another five yards and a gravelly voice suddenly froze my blood in my veins:
“No use sneakin’.  I can hear and see you well enough.  Come on in, boys.”
“Shit,” Lief said. 
The voice didn’t sound dangerous, but instead sounded diffident, tired, and mildly amused, all at the same time.
“Alright,” I called out.  “We’re comin’.”

CHAPTER FOUR

When I was twelve years old I took a neighbor kid up on his invitation to a Boy Scout camp out.  I was no Boy Scout, nor have I ever been one, but I did go with him that weekend to Camp Strake, a State Park located in the piney woods of the Sam Houston National Forest in East Texas, about sixty miles north of Houston.
The second night there I attended what is called a Tap Out, which is sort of a ritual of entrance into a Boy Scout secret society called The Order of The Arrow.  Or maybe it wasn’t so secret.  After all, I was there.
The initiation entailed taking the line of boys who had been accepted and making them strip down to their underwear. Each was stopped in turn by an older boy dressed Native American fashion, headdress and all.  Within spitting distance of a huge bonfire each kid was then “tapped” rather soundly on the shoulder in welcome to the Order and sworn to secrecy of what was about to follow.  I recall that a flaming arrow was shot into the lake, symbolizing something or other, and then the ceremony was done.
On the way back to camp I was informed that the boys, one of whom was the kid that had invited me, would, over the next twenty-four hours, have to go through some rigorous trials and not be able to speak for the entire day.
The pitch black woods close around us that night at Camp Strake were eerie and sinister, as if I had stepped out of the twentieth century and into another time altogether.
Pfeffer’s woods were like that.  There were no ancient and gargantuan pine trees, no pine needles crunching like soft powder beneath my feet, and no one dressed Indian fashion, authentic or not.  There was, however, the over-powering and nearly complete blackness of night, the smell of wood smoke, and not a little trepidation.  There was also that same feeling inside of me as Lief and I approached the growing firelight: the sensation of other-worldness.  A misplaced feeling, as if we had somehow managed to travel through time.
I suppose if a fellow lived long enough, he’d eventually see everything.  And some things maybe twice.
At the campfire was something I had never seen before.

*****

It was the silhouette of a man, sitting with his back to the fire in meditative pose.  He was naked.  Also, he was very old.
“What the chilblain hell are you doing, old-timer?” Lief asked.
“Lief!  Be nice,” I said.  I spoke to the old man: “We’re sorry for invading your meditation, but we weren’t expecting to find you here.”
I smelled something then, just a light scent in the breeze.  A familiar smell, but I couldn’t place it right off, it was so foreign to the dark woods around us.
“Of course you weren’t,” he said calmly.  “Give me a minute.”  He stood up with some effort, took a few steps around the fire to a small pup tent and pulled a robe from a tree branch hanging above it and donned it.
“I don’t get many visitors,” he said to the dark.
“I reckon not,” Lief said.
“Bit of a shock, huh?” the gravelly voice asked.
“You could say that,” I said.
“I’d ask you to sit, but there’s nothing here but the ground,” the old man said.
“How do you not get eaten up by fire-ants and mosquitoes?” Lief asked.
“The garlic keeps them away.  And the diatoms.”
I sniffed.  That was the smell. Garlic.
“I’m Bill.  Bill Travis,” I told the man.
“Bill, your friend says ‘shit’ a lot, doesn’t he?”  the old man asked.
Lief turned to me.  He had sort of a sardonic grin on his face.
“Yeah,” I said.
I noticed it then.  My eyes had adjusted to the light from the fire, and almost to the extent of the firelight the ground and even some of the foliage around us was dusted with a fine white powder.  Diatomaceous earth.  There are companies that scoop it up by the metric ton from dry seabeds ― the microscopic exoskeletons of dead marine life.  Some gardeners used it on their plants to keep the ants and aphids away.  I wasn’t sure how effective it was, but the old man in front of us wasn’t pocked with sores.  His face was smooth and seamed with age but for a gray scraggle of beard.  And with every breath I breathed in more garlic.  He must have mixed the two in some way and come up with an effective insect repellent.
“This is Lief Prescott.  He’s building a highway through this neck of the woods,” I told him.
“I’ve been expecting you fellows.  But not so late in the evening, or else I would have dressed for company.”
“What’s your name?” Lief asked.  “And how long have you been squatting here?”
“Squatting,” the old man said.  “That’s the word.  I had forgotten it.  Ty.  Ty Hennessey is my name.”
I held out my hand.  “It’s good to meet you, Ty,” I said.
We shook.  Ty Hennessey had a solid handshake for an old-timer.
“Shake his hand, Lief,” I said. “We need all the good will we can find right now.”
“Lief Prescott,” he gave his name and shook Hennessey’s hand.
“It’s good to meet you Mr. Prescott.”
“If you don’t mind my asking, Mr. Hennessey,” I chimed in, “how long have you been living in these woods?”
“Oh...”  He scratched his head.  “About twenty-four years, give or take.”
Lief whistled.
“How long do you have to go?” I asked.  I’d heard of squatters before ― people who come to own a piece of property by sitting on it for the statutory length of time.  In Texas, last time I heard, the required length of time was twenty-five years.
“August 15 of this year.  That’s my last day.”
“Shoot,” Lief said.  “That’s just two more months.  By that time I’ll have cut a fifty yard swath right down the middle of it, dividing it in half.”
“I know,” Hennessey said.
“I don’t understand ―” Lief began, but I cut him off.
“Some things you can’t stop, so you don’t worry about them.  Am I right?”
The old man’s face scrunched up a little at that.  He flicked his eyes upward toward where the smoke from the fire dispersed among the treetops and into the night sky, raising his balding head.  Maybe he was considering something.
“Some things...” he said.
“Bill,” Lief said, “we need to move on.”
“I know.  Mr. Hennessey, I expect you know the shortest way to the barn that’s on this property.”
“That I do.”
“I also suspect that you know what we’ll find there.”
His eyes dropped back down from the sky to meet mine.  I couldn’t see them so well, but I felt his intent.
“Some things,” he began, “you bury and leave buried.  But they come up again anyway, no matter what you do.  When I was a little fellow they told me there was a time for everything...  A time to plant and a time to reap.”
“And a time to roll away stones,” I said.
Lief was looking at me with a furrowed brow. “Are you two crazy?” he asked.
Ty Hennessey looked at him.  “Crazier than most,” he said.  “Not as crazy as some.  Bill,” he said, turning back to me, “there’s also a time for truth.”
“That’s all I want,” I told him.
“Give me a minute to get properly dressed,” he said.
Lief and I looked at each other.  He rolled his eyes.
“I reckon we’ve got time,” Lief said.
We waited as the old man disappeared inside the tent and came out with a neat stack of clothing.  He draped the clothes over the same low-hanging branch where he’d gotten the robe, disrobed again and began getting dressed.  Once he had on a pair of old blue jeans and a checkered shirt he sat down on the ground and carefully put on a pair of socks and pair of brogan boots and laced them up carefully.
He stood.
“You fellows ready?” Ty Hennessey asked.
I nodded.
Hennessey picked up a jug from beside a tree and emptied it on the fire.  A gout of steam rose up and we were once more plunged into the blackness of night.
“It’s time then,” he said.  “Come on,” he said.

CHAPTER FIVE

Robertson County, Texas, has a population of less than ten thousand and is smack dab in the middle of nowhere.  During the Prohibition Era it was nicknamed Booger County, in large part because moonshining was so prevalent.  When the Revenuers came, as they invariably did, if they weren’t careful out in the woods they might not make it back.  The IRS Chief up in Waco or Dallas might ask: “What happened to Agent Lowe?”  The answer: “Booger must have got him.”  Whatever happened to the missing men, no one seemed willing to hand over a clue, and so the unfriendly woods became even more sinister to outsiders.  And so the nickname stuck: Booger County.
The county is hemmed in on the east by the Navasota River, little more than an oversized creek, and on the west by the lazily meandering Brazos River, once called The Mississippi of the West. To the south the county line tracks Texas’ most ancient of roads: the El Camino Real, or King’s Highway, which dates back to Spain’s possession of Mexico, and consequently, Texas.  The forests in the county are largely uncut, the earth not being so conducive to farming but for the long, narrow strip of cotton fields along the Brazos River bottom to the west.  The seven-hundred odd square miles of woods and brush are crisscrossed by a network of unpaved county roads that lead to mostly nowhere.  The county is by no means, however, a backward place.  It is very old as settlements in Texas go, and the people have no love for authority, much less patience for new schemes.  Consequently, Lief’s highway was not exactly what one would term popular. 
I had heard about some of Lief’s problems over the previous months: run-ins with ranchers, sabotage of some of the equipment.  The expenses had mounted until the road crews took to locking up the equipment when it was not in use and posting guards at night.  I didn’t envy Lief his job by a long shot.
But for the occasional steady strobe from a high-flying airplane, there was little evidence that we weren’t traversing a landscape from the distant past.  The night was quiet and still with only the occasional soft breeze and the sound of us interlopers.  Possibly I had heard too many tall tales about Booger County while I was being raised in neighboring Brazos County.
We came up from a shallow gully onto an expansive pasture with a bulging hill.
We all heard it at the same time: voices.
On up the hill near the crest we hunkered down in the dark.  A hundred yards away was the barn, bathed in headlights.  There were the twin, close-set beams of a jeep spearing the tin barn with electric illumination.
“I’ll be damned,” Lief said.
We couldn’t see each other’s faces in the dark.  The old man was silent.
“Tell me if you see anybody?” I asked.  “I hope you can hoot like an owl or something.  I want to get closer.”
“What?” he said, as if I’d asked to date his sister.  “No.  I can’t hoot like no damned owl.  Let’s stay put for a minute.”
I thought about it.  Maybe he was right.
“Well, what time was Jockovitch flying in to Easterwood Airport?” I asked.
“About twenty minutes ago.”
“Alright.”
Easterwood Airport was about thirty miles to the south.  You can’t drive that distance in less than thirty minutes.  There are too many red lights to go through in College Station and Bryan.  Still, I had the sinking feeling we’d be seeing this Jockovitch fellow soon enough.
No sooner had the thought gone through my head than we heard the distant thumping sound, at first little more than a whisper, then growing louder.
“Chopper,” Lief said.
My first thought was a dim sort of hope.  Life-flight helicopters can be seen at any given time of the day or night flitting over East Texas between Houston and Dallas and any given far-flung hamlet.  Also there were intermittent oil field and corporate helicopters, going about their work.  It was my faint hope, at first, that what we were hearing was any one of those, but the certainty that this was not the case rapidly settled down into my stomach to become a knot of growing fear.
At the barn there was a piercing glare of light.  Someone had set off a roadside flare.  We could see the figure plainly.  A broad-shouldered man wearing a slick brown jacket and Sam Browne belt with a prominent side arm.  He waved the flare back and forth as the thumping of the helicopter grew in intensity.
Then we saw it, two hundred feet above the distant treetops and coming in fast.
The pilot must have spotted the flare because the whine of turbines cut out slowly and the chopper banked suddenly and circled.  A fierce cone of light sprang from the craft and stabbed downward onto the foliage on the other side of the barn from us.
He was going to circle and land, and the brilliant circle of light he was proscribing into the night terrain was making its way toward us in a lazy circle as he banked around.
“Shit,” Lief said.
“See?” Ty Hennessey said.  “I told you he says it a lot.”
I looked around quickly.  The way back to the creek and the protection of the brush and trees that grew there was too far.  To our left around the hill was a dark, tall shape against the stars.  I had purple splotches across my vision from all the brightness I had seen in the last few moments, but I instantly calculated our chances of making it to cover:  they weren’t good.
“Follow me,” I barked out.
With the roar in our ears of helicopter blades slicing the air, the three of us hoofed it around the hill.
My breath came in gulps and I felt a stitch in my side, the same one I used to get in my college track and field days.  I didn’t have to look over my shoulder to know we weren’t going to make it.  The chopper was lower now and bearing down on us.
On instinct I threw myself to the ground and rolled over to see Lief and Ty Hennessey do the same, dark shadows landing not so softly in the thick weeds.
I felt a burning sensation along my left arm.  A berry vine.
The broad circle of light came on, inevitable, like a freight train.
At the last instant I flung myself in a roll further down the hill.  I felt a light bump as I rolled over Lief and landed between him and Hennessey.
The light was there in an instant, the edge of it passing over where I had been before moving on to illuminate the oak tree we had been headed toward in a light brighter than daylight.
The torrent of wind came next, twirling weeds and vines up around us.  Something was in my right eye.  I squeezed both eyes shut for a moment until the pain went away.
“Phew,” Hennessey exhaled, almost into my ear.
We lay there, collecting ourselves.
I opened one eye to track the helicopter as it slowed, turned, and began to settle in the open field between the hill behind which we lay and the barn.
It settled down slowly behind the hill, out of our sight.

*****

The whine of helicopter turbines damped out completely and the rotors had slowed to a crawl.
Three trespassers moved through the brush to the south of the old hay barn.
When we were within fifty feet of the jeep we squatted behind a thick clump of yaupon that grew amid a stand of scrub oak.
Two men stood in the illumination from the jeep headlights.  Although the light was cut off about chest high for both of them, I could tell that one of the two men was the one who had signaled with the flair.  The law man.  The other fellow, a tall, big man, wore a bomber jacket and black slacks.  Maybe it was cold when he’d left New England.
The big man reached inside his coat and fished out something.  He offered it to the other fellow with a large, fleshy hand.  For a moment it looked like the officer wasn’t going to take it.
There were words.  I couldn’t make them out, but I could tell that someone wasn’t happy.
After a long moment some sort of agreement had been reached.  The officer took the item.  In the briefest of instants I made out a flash of white.  Paper, most probably.  If I were a betting man, I would have put good odds on an envelope of some kind, most likely containing multiples of old Ben Franklin’s face.  You never know, though, until you know.
There were one or two words more, then the two turned and went around the corner of the barn.  Through a series of holes in the side of the barn illuminated by the jeep headlights I could make out movement inside.  They were in there.
I whispered to Lief and Hennessey:  “You two stay here.  I’m going to get closer.”
I didn’t wait for a reply but took a good look around, emerged from cover and crossed the distance to the next clump of shrubs to the west of the barn, the opposite side from the entrance, or at least I hoped.
Within twenty feet of the back wall of the barn I looked and listened.
The voices were there and I caught muffled snatches: “It’s back...”
“Watch...  rats.  Big ones.”
A flashlight clicked on.  The bright beam roamed about inside the barn.
I heard a heavy thump.  A moment later there was a sneeze.
“Criminy!”
“Damn rats...  everywhere.”
There were bumps and rustles from inside.  The tin near the base of the barn close by me squeaked and then there was a rustle in the dead leaves and brush coming toward me.  Something ran across my foot and a shiver went up my spine.  I resisted the sudden urge to jump away.
The rustling settled.  I peered closely again, narrowing my eyes.  The flashlight beam was steady.
“Got a combination?” One man asked.
“No.  Nobody...”
“How...  move this thing?”
“Shut up,” the other voice said.  Jockovitch, most likely.
Then, off to my right there was a sudden disturbance.
A cone of light sprang out and a voice said:  “Alright boys, come on out of there.”
I heard Lief’s voice: “Okay, okay.  Don’t shoot.  I’m the construction manager for the highway.”

CHAPTER SIX

The men in the barn came out and I saw them briefly as they passed the jeep.
They made a lot of racket moving through the brush toward Lief, Ty, and the man who held the flashlight and, I assumed from Lief’s statement, a gun.  I stood frozen in a crouched position.  The muscles in my legs were starting to shimmy and shake, but I didn’t want to make a sound.  Chances were they would discover me anyway, but I wasn’t going to give them the heads-up if I could help it.
“Why that’s Able.  You still squatting, Able?”  The voice was that of the other man from the barn, the law man.
“Yeah.”
“I forgot all about you.  Who’s this?”
“Says he’s the highway construction manager.”
“Your trespassing here is criminal,” Jockovitch said.  “We have a restraining order against you.”
“It doesn’t say anything about not coming on this land.  It just says I can’t build a road through it for fourteen days.”  I had to give Lief some credit for keeping his head.
“None of that matters,” the law man said.  “You’re both under arrest.”
“Let’s just shoot ‘em and be done with it,” the first voice said.  I figured him for some kind of deputy.  There were few other possibilities.  The most likely was the Sheriff’s department.  If they weren’t the Sheriff and his deputy then possibly they were Game Wardens, although I’d never heard of Parks and Wildlife getting mixed up in anything such as this before.  A third option was private security, but you find few thriving rent-a-cop agencies flourishing in small Texas towns, and fewer still who have arrest powers to back them up.  Barring that, the only other possibility was the state patrol.  I didn’t care much for any of the options.  They all meant trouble.
“There won’t be any shooting,” Jockovitch said.
“There’d better not be,” Lief said.  “Luke is back in town by this time.  If I’m not back by ten o’clock, he’s to get the boys together and come in here and get me.”
Good bluff, Lief, I thought.
“He’s lying,” the deputy said.
Ty Hennessey laughed.
“Shut up, old man,” Jockovitch said.  “Sheriff, you say he’s a squatter.  On this land?”
“I never knew what land he was squatting on.  I see him in town about once a month.  He spends the night in jail when I do see him.  Vagrancy, you know.”
“And I thank you for your kindness, Sheriff,” Hennessey said, chuckling.
“What’s so funny?” Jockovitch asked.
“You fellas,” Hennessey said.  “What are you doing out here in the woods with your jeep and your helicopter?”
“Sheriff, what did you say this old-timer’s last name was?”
“Uh...  I think it’s Johnson.  Something like that.  That’s how he signs in when we book him.  Doesn’t have any I.D.  No address either, except maybe these woods.”
“Okay,” Jockovitch said.  “Let me know if you run across anyone with the last name of ‘Hennessey’.”
“Will do,” the sheriff said.
“Who’s Hennessey?” Lief asked.
“None of your goddamned business,” the Sheriff said.
Hennessey and Lief stood with the deputy’s flashlight beam directly on them not more than thirty feet away.  I was no longer worried they’d be shot.  I was, however, trying desperately to think of some kind of distraction.  Also, I wanted to see what was in that barn.
I didn’t have to think long, thanks to Lief.

*****

I’ve never understood why it is that when many things happen all at once, time begins to have a sort of stretched quality to it.  It probably has to do with motion.  I haven’t yet seen a working clock that didn’t have moving parts, so until someone proves otherwise, I’ll stick with that little theory.
The first thing was that there was an unmistakable twittering sound, like a nervous little bird, but I knew instantly that it was Lief’s cell phone.
“Damn,” he said.  He brazenly reached into his shirt pocket to get it out before anyone could say anything.  Through the yaupon branches where I was hiding I could make out him fumbling it around in his hands, then he dropped it.  It twittered away.  The flashlight beam pinned it on the ground.  Lief’s hand went for it just as another set of hands did, probably the deputy’s.  Lief’s hand was there first.  He came up with it fast and I saw a cloud of dirt come with it, tracing back up the flashlight beam.
“Ow!” the deputy’s voice wailed.
The flashlight tumbled to the ground and rolled.
I heard a grunt, then a loud thump and a rustle.  Someone had hit the ground.
There were long, fast strides going off through the brush away from the party.  Either Lief or Hennessey, or possibly both.
In the next instant there was a bright flash of green fire and a deafening CRACK!  Pistol shot.
I broke from cover, ran around the barn through the jeep headlights and ducked inside through the open doorway.
I heard:  “Did you get him?”
“Missed the son of a bitch.  Stay where you are, Able.”
Inside the barn there was a dirt floor and bales of moldy hay tossed about.
Then I saw it.  A glint of reflected light to my right.
I stepped carefully over and felt.
It was cold and round.  I felt notches.  I moved out of the way of the little light afforded by the headlights outside.  It was the combination wheel for a safe.  I felt for the edges of it.  The safe was quite large.  About four feet high and two and a half feet wide, three feet from front to back.  I gave it a shove.  I must have weighed half a ton.  It wasn’t going anywhere quickly.
I’d seen enough.
I turned and darted back outside.
A man was cursing:  the Sheriff.
There was an idling sound.  The jeep was running, its finely tuned engine gently humming.
I climbed in the passenger side, scooted over, felt for the clutch with my left foot, grabbed the gearshift with my right hand, yanked it down into reverse and floored the gas.
“Shit!” somebody yelled.
My head was thrown forward into the steering column and I felt a thud and for an instant there was a huge pulse of purple behind my eyes and a flare of pain.  There would be a nice knot there in a little while, if I survived what I was about to do.
The rear of the jeep hit a tree and I jerked back in the seat.
I threw the stick shift into forward gear and gunned the gas.  The tires peeled for a moment, throwing dirt up into the tree and back over on top of my head, then the tires caught traction and I was rolling forward fast.
CRACK!
I had no illusion that I wasn’t being shot at.
“Stop shooting, goddammit!”  That was Jockovitch.
“Where are these bastards coming from?”
“Out of the freakin’ ground!”
And that was the last of the conversation that I got to hear.  The jeep engine drowned out the rest of the shouting.
Suddenly there was a large object in my headlights–
The helicopter!
I had just enough time to turn the jeep, but then a feeling came over me.
I ducked down beneath the dashboard and kept my foot on the gas.
I had anticipated a heavy impact.  There was a horrendous shriek of crumpling metal, but the impact was little more than a good sneeze, and suddenly I was through.
I looked back.
From the faint moonlight I could make out what was left of the helicopter.  It sat at an odd angle and its tail was wrapped back around toward the cockpit.
There would be no chases from the sky.

*****

I meandered in the direction that I thought Lief may have run.  The woods were thick for a stretch, then gave away abruptly to a power-line clearing.  I was possibly a quarter of a mile from the barn.  I turned right and headed through the high weeds and low scrub brush of the power-line cut.
I drove another two hundred yards and stopped.  I turned the engine off but kept the headlights on.
“Lief!” I called.  “It’s Bill!  I’ve got their jeep!”
I waited, my pulse pounded in my ears.
The silence was the eeriest thing I’d ever heard.
Something tapped my left shoulder.  I jerked so hard and turned so abruptly that I could have hurt my neck.
“What the hell took you so long,” Lief said.
AUTHOR’S NOTE

Some may see this book as an attempt at social commentary.  There was no such attempt.  I simply wrote a story.  What came out, on the other hand, is definitely reflective of my stance on some issues.  I’m an author that way.
For those who don’t like social commentary in their fiction, I suggest you not read Gulliver’s Travels, Fahrenheit 451, Logan’s Run, or anything, for that matter, by Upton Sinclair or Ayn Rand, to name but a few. Even more recently, The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo proved to be a very vocal social statement.
An author should definitely have something to say about the things he’s seen and the places he’s visited. I have visited each of the places named in this book many times throughout my life. I also count myself fortunate to have spent a good deal of my adolescent years in the woods, homes, streets, shops and on the roads and highways not far from the events of this story, and many of the impressions and characters herein are drawn from those rich experiences.
The cities of Hearne, Franklin, Calvert, and Hilltop Lakes are very real places, as are both Robertson and Leon Counties. An author sometimes must, for the sake of story, take certain liberties with the real world. While I have done my best to represent these towns and some of its peoples as truthfully as possible, from the viewpoint of any local I may have well missed the mark. My apologies where I have done so.
To set certain records straight, a World War II POW camp did once exist near Hearne on the site of the current Municipal Airport. Both Italian and Japanese POWs were held there until the their governments’ surrenders.  Many locals are the offspring and grandchildren of those freed from the camp at the end of the war.  Why return to a war-ravaged homeland when you have already sunk down roots elsewhere? We are fortunate they stayed.
I’m sure the current Robertson County Sheriff is an honest and upright person, and could not possibly bear any resemblance to Sheriff Scott Noonday, except possibly for Noonday’s good points. Likewise, I hope the gate guards at Hilltop Lakes will forgive. 
Camp Creek Lake and Camp Creek Community are two separate locales entirely.  David A. Williams, author of Strings (a wonderful Texas love story) set me straight on that after reading my first draft. Thanks for that, David, and for all the pictures of old barns you sent me.  I have used one of them here.
To readers of the Bill Travis Mysteries, I thank you.

George Wier
June 10, 2012

A DAY IN THE LIFE

A Bill Travis Short Story

GEORGE WIER

A DAY IN THE LIFE

3:15 a.m.		Baby crying. Get up. Get up. Feed baby. Damn she’s cute. Tired.  Man I’m tired.  Sleep.  Sleee-eep.

4:38 a.m.		Baby crying.  Julie, wake up.  Julie.  Geez.  Change diaper.  Yuck.  Sleep.  Sleeee-eep.  Better.

6:17 a.m.		Alarm.  Snooze button.  Better.

6:21 a.m.		Alarm.  Snoozola.

6:26 a.m.		Alarm.  Julie please hit the damn snooze.  Thank you.

6:31 a.m.		Gotta get up.  Okay. Shower.  Almost out of shave gel, dammit.  Hope I look presentable.  Whatever.

7:28 a.m.		Breakfast.  Everybody at the table.  Julie making “woodgy-woodgy” sounds with baby. Jessica having bad-hair day already.  Wants corn-rows.  That’s an emphatic “NO!”  Same for tattoo of some band, like “The Skuz Buckets” or something.  God but she’s so cute, especially when she’s displeased. Don’t like the word ‘cute’. Why do I use it?  It really only applies to girls.  Baby’s cute too.  Julie, mmm.  Maybe that’s why I’ve got so many kids.  Oh, forgot.  One on the way.

8:46 a.m.		The traffic sucks.  Sucks is a word.  Good word.  Wonder if Penny is going to be late again.  Worry about her.  Wonder if she’s being responsible.  Hope she gets her novel published.  She’ll likely quit then, though.  Can’t make it without her.  Gotta go over accounts.  Oh yeah.  I do that for a living.  People pay me.  Well. . .  actually, I skim the cream.

9:17 a.m.		Sports page is pretty lousy.  Between seasons of everything except horse-racing.  Maybe I should place a bet.  Know an old bookie.  Naw.  I’ll feel bad, win or lose.

9:35 a.m.		Got a call from an old client.  He wants me back.  Nope.  As I recall, he didn’t really trust me.  Thought I was skimming.  Well. . .  I mean, skimming more than I should.  Referred to someone else.

9:53 a.m.		Nat Bierstone wants to know why I won’t take Wally’s account back.  Told him.  He agreed, then told me to take it anyway.  Nat thinks he’s my boss.  Fine.  I’ll do it.  Under duress.  One of these day, Nat, pow!  Just kidding.  Julie would kill me.  Probably will one day anyway.

9:58 a.m.		Kiss Wally’s behind.  Welcome him aboard.  Third cup of coffee.  Beautiful freakin’ day.

10:03 a.m.		Penny wants off Friday.  Gave me some reason.  Fine, Penny.  She’s cute too.  Hate that word.

10:19 a.m.		Hank Sterling called me.  Man, he sure wheezes a lot.  Hope he lives a long time.  Wants me to look into why his grandson may be brought up before Grand Jury.  Never knew Hank had a grandson.  Weird.  Reminded him I’m not an attorney.  Also, not an investigator.  Also, not in business to do that kind of thing, whatever kind it is.  Will look into it.

11:23 a.m.		Hank’s grandkid is 21.  Which makes Hank, what, 70 plus?  The kid got searched on a county road, was holding quarter-kilo of coke.  Stupid.  Real stupid.  Charges are possession and intent to deliver.  Why me, Lord?  Man, I’m tired.

12:16 p.m.		Lunch at Waterloo Icehouse.  Where the hell is JT?  Thought the place would cave in without him.  Laura’s nice though.  Cuts me slack by letting me have free soda.  Can’t tell Julie.  She doesn’t want me having sugary drinks.  Hey, I’m thin enough, right?  Almost handsome.  But not cute.  Definitely not.

12:53 p.m.		Witnessed fender-bender in parking lot.  Cop wanted me as a witness.  Told him what I saw.  Kept contradicting me.  Gave ticket to wrong guy.  Think I’ll call the Judge.

12:59 p.m.		Julie called. Asked what I had for lunch.  Stupidly told her about the soda.  Got standard lecture.  Same lecture she gives me about guns.  Love that woman.

1:17 p.m.		Called the Judge.  Told me to mind my own business.  Reminded him had contributed to his campaign.  Receive apology.  He had a bad day, wanted to buy me lunch some time.  Suggested African cuisine complete with baboon brains, just to see what would say.  Accepted.  Remember to not take his calls.

1:23 p.m.		Texas Ranger stopped by.  Walt Cannon.  Thanked me for all my help.  Walt is looking old, but he had big grin painted on. Admitted has date with waitress.  You go, boy.  You go.

2:01 p.m.		Jessica called.  She’s in principal’s office for verbal with history teacher.  Called teacher a “moron” under breath, but loud enough for teacher to hear.  As I recall aforesaid teacher IS moron.  Put on agenda discussion with Jess about “discretion”.  Suspended her three days.  They don’t realize it for what it is:  reward.  That kid hates school almost as much as I did.  After discussion, remember to take her out for ice cream. 

2:11 p.m.		Actual looking at the stock performances done.

2:17 p.m.		Catnap in chair, which Penny interrupts at:

2:21 p.m.		Penny cancels day off.  Wants to trade for two days next week.  Getting raw deal here.  Time off granted.  She’s cute.  Make somebody a good wife some day.  Maybe.  If can stay employed.

2:28 p.m.		Sign up for online Latin course.  Pay with credit card.  Get fifty spam emails.  Cancel online Latin course at:

2:52 p.m.		Got an email from mom.  When am I coming to visit?  Don’t know.  Christmas, maybe.  Remember to send her something.

3:38 p.m.		Insurance adjuster called me. Wanted my statement about fender-bender.  Told him the truth.  He got insulting.  Told me that wasn’t what happened--cop differs on my story.  Reminded him cop wasn’t there.  Adjuster says he’s got my number and gave me his opinion of me.  Told me to stay out of it.  Will send me a fruitcake.  Told me “Merry Effing Christmas” and slammed phone down.  Lovely day.

3:47 p.m.		Remember to send Mom fruitcake if adjuster wasn’t kidding.  Try first, make sure not laced with something.  Scratch that.  Send Mom some pears.  Also, respond to email soon.

3:52 p.m.		Nat Bierstone in rage.  Throwing papers around.  Can’t find anything.  Almost fires Penny.  I accept full responsibility, even though have no idea what he’s talking about.  Calm him down.  Ask him about horses and betting.  Get thirty minute talk about pros and cons of betting and what happened to his uncle back in California.  Nat is cute when he’s angry.  Only cute guy I know.  Needs to change the part in his hair, though.

4:18 p.m.		Catnap.  Sleeee-eep.

4:19 p.m.		Actual work done.

4:31 p.m.		Call in favor with District Attorney.  Charges dropped against Sterling grandkid.  Next time is throwing him to wolves.  Remember to have talk with Hank.

4:38 p.m.		Phone call from Hank, thanking me.  Didn’t really do anything to deserve it.

4:42 p.m.		Bill needs sleep.  Badly.

4:47 p.m.		Call from other (good) insurance adjuster.  Thanks me.  Asks if I play racketball.  Negative.  Basketball, maybe.  Date and time set.  Doubt he’ll show up.  Good schmoozer, though.

4:51 p.m.		Julie asks when I’ll be home.  Tell her I may have to fly to Wichita Falls because buddy in trouble over theft of Hope Diamond.  Ask her where we keep spare ammo.  Julie not amused.  Tell her I’ll be home within hour.

5:01 p.m.		Get call from Hoot Morgan.  Hoot needs some advice regarding interstate stolen goods.  What the hell?  Also, his son is missing.  Something about a crooked Federal Marshall, possibly.  Tell him Fed Marshall’s never crooked.  He’s serious.  Good God.  May have to drive to Denton, Texas.  Lessee, I-35 to Fort Worth, then. . .  Where’s that map?

5:08 p.m.		Get call from U.S. Marshall service telling me they are monitoring calls of aforesaid Nacoma “Hoot” Morgan.  Would appreciate it if I stay out of it.  Indicate my understanding.  Reassure them.  Where the hell is that map?  Penny!

5:11 p.m.		Call Julie.  Tell her about Jess.  She knows.  Jess there with her.  Tell her I have to drive to Denton.  Old buddy in trouble.  Jessica wants to tag along.  No way, no how.  Not even.  Discussion ensues.  Reminder about obligation to home and family first.  Indicate understanding.  Penny brings map during discussion.  I-35 most of the way.  Tell Julie I love her.  Will pick Jessica up on the way out, even though out of the way.  She calms down.  Tells me baby is kicking her insides to stuffing.  Indicate understanding.  Julie’s cute.

5:29 p.m.		About to get in car.  Tell Penny will be out for day or two.  Need sleep.  Append this after resolution of current thing.

AN UNFINISHED (AN UNFINISHABLE) STORY

GEORGE WIER

PROLOGUE

	His name was Felton Crabbe, and he had one rock hard and grimy hand on the open door of his Chevy pickup and the other wrapped around his Equalizer as he stood there, waiting for them to come on.  The Equalizer was a four-foot long piece of polished mahogany, perfectly smooth and lacquered.  It was as thick as the wrists of a sumo wrestler and would have been called a “thumping pole” in days gone by, the kind an Irish washerwoman might use.
	There were four of them, just kids, but they had the nonchalant look about them of a pack of feral dogs spiraling slowly in for the kill.
	The stick had been his father’s, one of the few items that had come down to him from a bereft estate.  Alton Crabbe, his father, had Walked Tall, just like the soft-spoken fellow in the movies when Felton was just a young man.  Alton Crabbe never took any guff off of anybody, and he was damned if he, Felton, the last surviving son, was going to walk a single inch shorter.
	“Say, old man, what’cha doin’ with that little stick.  Might hurt youself if yo not careful.”
	Felton’s lips compressed.  He smiled.  That oughta scare them, he thought.  But they kept on coming anyway.
	Ah well, it was long past peacetime with these thugs.
	The problems had begun the previous summer in the middle of the night, with a broken window and warning shots fired upward into the sweltering sky.  He’d come fully awake instantly from a sweat-drenched half-dream-like state to the unmistakable clatter of shattering glass.  His hand found the butt of the thirty-eight in the dark and he was on his feet and moving through the house from memory.  He must have made a terrible racket with his three hundred- pound frame thumping his swollen heels nearly through the particle board floor of his trailer home.  They heard him alright, because one of them said to the other: “Shit, the old man’s home” and he caught every inflection of the kid’s voice and knew instantly which one had spoken, which also meant there was more than one, which was par for the course.  Those kids always came as a packaged deal.
	The far bedroom window, the one closest to the woods where the kids hung out, was stove completely in.  A chunk of concrete cinder block was there, perfectly illuminated in the moonlight on the floor.  He felt glass going into the bottom of his foot as he stuck the gun outside and fired three shots into the sky, making three of the briefest little fountains of red and green fire he’d ever seen.  It was the first time he’d ever fired the damned thing.
	The cops came and took his statement, ticketed him for discharging a firearm in the City Limits, and confiscated the gun.
	“Look, old man,” the police sergeant had told him, “that’s how people get killed.  Happens all the time.  Some kids get too rowdy and some old guy kills one and ends up going to the pen.  We’re doing you a favor.”
	“Gee, thanks fellows,” he’d told the two as they finished up their report and wrote out the ticket under the dim light of his bare front porch bulb.  The younger of the two cops, the trainee, smirked and then dared to laugh out loud as they returned to their cruiser and moved on into the night.
	Felton Crabbe was a man who learned his lessons in life.  He’d never be guilty of calling the cops again.  What he would do would be to Walk Tall, from that moment forward.
	Over the intervening months a number of his neighbors had suffered break-ins and thefts, and one old woman in particular had been mugged in her own garage.  And then there had been the fire.
	And in the back of Felton’s closet, behind his disused fishing rods and dry-rotted waders, waiting, was the equalizer.  Waiting for someone to pick it up and learn to walk again.
	“Hey pops,” one of the other kids said.  That one was named Huey, as in Huey, Dewey and Louie.  Separately, among their own families, they were as docile as church mice, but when they came together the testosterone bucking up their spines and buzzing in their wired little brains turned them into something else altogether.  But still, something that a certain elder Crabbe always knew how to handle, instinctively.
	“Not your pops,” Felton said finally, and pulled the full length of the stick into view from behind him.  “But, I will teach you punks the difference between a pop and crack.”
	The first one, the kid’s leader and the one who had once said “Shit, the old fucker’s home”, moved quick, faster by far than he would have credited him.  Felton swung but the kid moved inside the swing and hit him with all the force his spare frame could muster.  The swing continued in a round house and the end of the polished stick caught a glint of sunlight before it connected fully with the jaw of the second kid up, shearing away his lower jaw and teeth in a spray of hot blood and a wet sound Felton would never forget.  Even as the dead kid’s head slammed into rear wheel weld of his pickup, Felton felt a cold bite above his groin.
	I’m stabbed, he thought, but his right arm flailed back and caught the third kid, Lance Billings, in the neck and Felton heard the distinctive ‘snap’ sound of vertebrae separating.
	There was a roaring sound in Felton’s ears, and for a moment he couldn’t for the life of him figure out what it was, but then as he was bit again, this time higher, and into the soft tissues of his massive belly, he knew the sound.  He began to crumple, and as he did his eyes fixed on the fourth kid, the last one.  The kid was screaming in a shriek like steam from a teakettle.
	The fourth kid stood frozen.  The kid’s name was Ralph Mercer, called Ralphie by his unimaginative friends.  His eyes were wide and locked on Felton’s own. As Felton fell, Ralphie Mercer turned and ran like the devil himself was behind him.
	On the ground, the stick gone now, forgotten, Felton’s hands clutched with the lean, muscled animal that was trying to gut him.  He got the kids hand and pulled it slowly away from him with a strength he never knew he had in him.  He crushed the kid’s fingers until the switchblade clattered to the pavement.
	Felton’s eyes focused on the underside of his pickup door.  The eyes of the kid on top of him hove into view.  He’d seen eyes like that only once before, almost a lifetime ago.  During hog killing weather the Crabbe’s neighbors had tried to kill a hog by shooting it, and had botched the job so badly that they had ended up with a wounded and crazed animal that had to be cornered and shot through the eye socket before it would go down.  The kid was that crazy hog, surrounded, nowhere to go, in pain, and lashing out at anything that moved with the frenzied imperative: survive at any cost.
	Felton knew he was a dead man if he didn’t do something to end it, and quickly.  It had come down to mere moments.  The kid was already reaching for the knife with his other hand, digging his shoulder into Felton’s sternum as he wriggled and squirmed.  He was going to get the knife.
	The truck door.  The kid’s craning head and neck.  It was so lucid.  So perfectly clear.  A spot of rust here, on the underside of the door--a door he had opened and closed perhaps ten thousand times--a bit of dirt there.  There was even a bit of cobweb there he never knew existed.
	And in that moment that was, in and of itself, it’s own little universe, Felton decided.
	His right arm moved again of its own accord, straight up into the air.  He made a fist, and then his arm pinioned and slammed into the outside of the door.

CHAPTER ONE

	It’s no mystery.
	Sometimes really bad things happen.
	My first inclination is to say: “Yep.  That’s too bad.” But when it’s someone you’ve known all your life, when it’s a little too close to home to afford to pass it off with a nod of the head and a whispered “there but for the grace of God go I”, what I usually do is get into motion, which is exactly what I had to do when my Uncle Felton was arrested as he wheeled himself to the curb outside the hospital where he had recuperated for the week after the Walking Tall Killer--as the press had dubbed him--had struck.
	Felton Crabbe is my mother’s younger and only living brother.
	The charge, of course, was three second-degree felonies to take turns piggy-backing each other until it was decided inside the DA’s office which one could stand up the strongest; open case, shut case, court is adjourned.
	Adjourned, that is, but for a few very tiny details, namely, Bill Travis (that’s me) was the guy’s nephew, and the three aforementioned felonies were not altogether related, at least not as far as the aforementioned Bill Travis was concerned. 
	I knew a few things nobody else did, that’s all. I knew because I got the chance to talk it over with Uncle Felton minutes before he was arrested.
	If he was found guilty, it would be the Death Penalty, no matter how it was sliced and diced by the attorneys.
	Felton was charged with: 1) the homicide of Huey Higginbotham, 2) the homicide of Micky Pinkerton, and 3) arson.  The state’s star witness was Ralph Mercer, who remained in a screaming fit about the “murders” until he was sent to the State Hospital as a mental subject three days later.  Apparently, he couldn’t handle the strain.
	The charge for turning Lance Billings, a fourteen year old, into a quadreplegic for life was criminal assault, a third degree felony, or in layman’s terms, two to ten in the state penitentiary.  That one I wasn’t too terribly worried about.  But the killing of the two kids in front of a witness and the arson, those caused me to lose more sleep than for which I at first bargained.
	Everything clear so far?  Okay, maybe not.  Maybe not so clear to me either.  So maybe I’d better go back and start at the beginning.

*****

	Finding the true beginning of a story is much like attempting to locate the true headwaters of a great river.  Take the Brazos River, for instance, which is fed from many tributaries, creeks and watersheds that could, each to itself, be considered the place where the river begins.  The issue depends, largely, upon labels--names affixed on maps that trace back to even older maps, many jotted hastily by explorers and settlers moving westward centuries before.  This story, the indictment of a man defending himself, must begin in what to me is the ancient of days: sometime around 1938, when my mother’s father walked away from his job at the salt mine near the little town of Hempstead, Texas, thirty miles north and west of Houston.  I had no doubt that I could trace it back further, to the decision that Felton’s grandfather made when he unshipped at Charleston, South Carolina in 1889, or possibly the choice of direction some even more remote ancestor took during some pilgrimage in the Middle Ages.  But the closest point to a true headwater for the events that unfolded that bleak summer Uncle Felton picked up his Equalizer and employed it was the day my maternal granddaddy walked away from the salt mine eighty years before.
	According to family legend my grandfather, Alton, had gotten into a fight with a man named Charlie Ferguson, his foreman, a fellow nearly twice granddaddy’s size and rumored to be the most hated man in Waller County.  From that same legend, heard from the horse’s mouth by yours truly when I was a toe-headed lad of about eight, granddaddy had thoroughly cleaned the guys clock with his bare knuckles, put him in the hospital, then drove his rattletrap Ford pickup to Houston to tender his resignation personally to the president of the company.  Granddaddy was nineteen years old at the time with a wife and kid at home and one on the way.  If all the facts are true, Grandaddy came back home from Houston that day with a check for three months wages in his hand and a letter of apology signed by said company president, a future Texas Governor.
	I don’t recall what the fight was about, only that my strapping Scotch-Irish grandfather had been provoked far beyond the forbearance of any rational person, which best describes, at least for me, the events surrounded Uncle Felton’s little war that became the focus of the press and hence the City of Austin for the months to come. 
	In the Fall of 1938 my mother’s family settled in the quaint village of Cottonwood, Texas, a town that demised in the 1950s and which did not disappear from the road maps until the mid 70s.  Those were depression years followed abruptly by war years, and what came to settle upon the proud mien of the clan’s patriarch during those rugged times was a fierce determination to survive, and if possible, to flourish and prosper and to instill, if practicable, the self-same sentiments into his progeny.  He led by example.

NOTE:  The narrative abruptly ends here. I don’t think this is finishable.  It has been in this state for about four years and will likely remain an unfinished fragment. It’s the only time I’ve ever drawn a complete and utter blank! I think it has to do with the fact that this is supposed to be about Bill’s kin.  It just doesn’t seem to work.  Don’t ask me why.

George Wier 
	

AND A FEW MORE WORDS, OR WHO’S FEEDING BILL’S FISH?

An Essay

GEORGE WIER
A FEW MORE WORDS, OR
WHO’S FEEDING BILL’S FISH?

An Essay: Thoughts by the Author on Writing

I have a few more words to say and I have a question.  The question first: who is feeding Bill’s fish? I mean, when he’s off on his adventures? The reflexive answer is “Julie.” At one point in The Last Call, Bill asks Penny to feed his fish. It wasn’t brought up again in the next seven books. The actual question goes something like this: what level of detail should a writer go into in order to tell a story and tell it well?  Stephen King diagnoses the condition of producing huge tomes (such as he is wont to write) as literary elephantiasis.  It sounds like a horrible disease. No reader has yet accused me of being overly verbose, so it’s apparent I don’t have it. Or as Robbie Taylor (my longest and best friend) has said, “George, your writing is spare.” I kind of like that, actually.  Spare.  Not Spartan.  Not sparse.  Just... spare. But sometimes I wonder whether or not I’m giving my readers all they need to read.  Could I give them a little more?  Say, another ten thousand words?  And then the answer comes to me:  “Nope. The tale is done.”  For me, the pacing is very nearly as important as the story itself, just as the ratio of blank spaces to words on a page is important.  Very nearly as important.  Not quite, but almost.  (Confession time: I cut a whole chapter from the end of Arrowmoon.  Otherwise, some folks would probably still be reading it!)
Most of what I do as a writer I learned by reading other writers.  In that respect, there are damned few modern authors who are not copyists.  I suppose I do have that particular malady.  I even feel a bit of disdain for authors who try to “break the mold.”  For instance, my wife tried to have me read Cold Mountain, and I had to put it down.  I don’t know whether it’s a great book or not, and I don’t think I’ll ever know.  And just by the way, it was one of the few movies I’ve seen for which I didn’t first read the book.  It’s just that the convention of putting quotation marks around dialogue is so ingrained in me that authors who attempt to pass off their books without them don’t merit a second look, in my own estimation.  That’s just me.  I can say the same about Cormac McCarthy.  I’ve never read one of his books because of the no-quotation mark thing.  He’s probably great  I just can seem to get past it.  This is the reason I refused to read any poetry written by E.E. Cummings in high school.  See there?  I just capitalized his name! So there!
I cut my teeth on the Doc Savage reprints of the old Street & Smith pulps that were put out by Bantam in the late ‘60s through the ‘80s.  Wonderful stuff!  Action. Adventure.  Or, as it was written on the back of each book: “hair-raising thrills, breath-taking escapes and blood-curdling excitement.”  I didn’t know I was going to write the stuff later.  I didn’t even realize I was doing so until well after writing Capitol Offense.  But there was always something a little fake about Doc, even for this once eleven year-old kid.  It was the “superhuman” aspect of him.  I mean, what kind of life could it have been to be raised “from the cradle” to two hours each day of exercise?  I’m more from the Mark Twain school in that department, or as Twain once said:  “Any time I feel the urge to exercise, I sit down and wait until it passes.” Additionally, Doc learned to read and speak every language on Earth (including the dead ones, such as Ancient Mayan and Sanskrit), and received advanced training in every form of martial art known to man.  And still he became a brain surgeon. Now that’s fantastic!  No.  That wasn’t going to work for this old country boy.  So, Bill Travis was born.  He was just a guy.  The only area in which he truly excelled was the one area in which I had all but utterly failed  finance!  Once I started on that first book, I never looked back.  But that didn’t for a minute mean that since Bill didn’t have the poured-into-a-mold physique and Doc’s “superhuman brain” that he couldn’t have some top-notch adventures.  I set out to prove it.  In Bill’s corner, I’m not sure Doc could have survived the subterranean world of Longnecks & Twisted Hearts, nor the treacherous sand dunes of Slow Falling, to say the least for the frigid waters of Caddo Lake in Caddo Cold.  Hmm. I don’t recall reading a single Doc adventure that occurred in Texas! Now isn’t that interesting. Maybe we’re... too dangerous down here? Ah well.  So much for Doc. Hey, I was like eleven years old.
Earlier I spoke to “novel length”.  Each Bill Travis Mystery is between two and three hundred pages in length, slightly larger than any of the Doc books (I believe The King Maker was the longest pulp at 180 pages, or thereabouts).  Lester Dent (along with a few other writers who filled his shoes every now and again) wrote 181 of the dad-blamed things from 1932 until 1949.  Well, how many could I write?  Hah! No more than 25.  By the time I finished that many I’d be “old.”  Nope. 21 books sounded better.  21 is, after all, the age of majority.  It would be my majority as a writer.  After 21 books, we’d see if I could write! Also, we’d see if I could take Bill from the mid-point in his life all the way to the end and back again for three prequels, and fill in all the gaps in between in the meantime.  Gaps such as: how many kids does Julie eventually have?  Are they all girls?  How old is Bill when he has his last adventure?  And, oh boy, here’s the biggest question of all: will the world still be here long enough for me to get to the end of the series and then back to the start of Wolf Country when Bill is eighteen years of age?  Or will I be?
As an aside (and on the same subject) I had dinner with Craig Johnson again recently, of Longmire fame. Craig blurbed Milton Burton’s new book, The Devil’s Own Odds.  We were discussing how Milton had passed away very shortly after Craig had done that, and a few months prior to publication of the book. Craig admitted that another author had likewise died after he had blurbed his book... I abruptly tabled the motion for Craig’s blurb of one of mine. I’m not saying he would have. Just sayin’, as another friend of mine, J. Conrad, puts it.  
Okay, that’s pretty much it.  “Just a few more words.” Ha! Sometimes I can’t resist.  Those blank pages are too inviting.  They’re nice and white and just crying out for me to mess them up.

George Wier
July 4, 2012
Austin, Texas

