


BLUE HOLE 
By Rolland Love

Smashwords Edition Copyright ©2014 by Rolland Love

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

The novel is based on Rolland Love’s experiences growing up in the Ozark Mountains; however, this is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Cover Design Cheryl Moon

Introduction 

Blue Hole and its sequel, River's Edge, are mystery suspense novels enjoyed by all ages.

The story is based on a tale my grandfather told about a murder where a body was found floating in a swimming hole down river from where I lived during the summer and helped my Uncle run a fishing camp. The name Blue Hole comes from the sky blue color of a deep pool of water where a spring branch runs into the Jacks Fork river from the mouth of a cave. Jacks Fork was named one of the most scenic float and fishing streams in the world by Life Magazine. 


Reviews

Amazon Kindle —Featured Author Review— Rolland Love “Love’s writing transfigures his Ozark Mountains stories into a series of fantastic tales Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer could have only dreamed of.” 

“Mark Twain would have loved this excellent adventure of two brothers. Doc has disappeared and it’s up to Tommy (15) and Dub (12) to go to the Blue Hole and see if they can find him. This is a story about growing up. About facing your fears and standing up to them and about doing the right thing even when everything inside you wants to turn and run. This story has everything. The dreaded Conner brothers, Buzzard Thompson, ghost, snakes, cave, bats and dead bodies everywhere. I thoroughly enjoyed every page of this masterfully constructed story.” Jonathan David Masters, Freelance Reviewer 

“I have read a number of Rolland Love’s stories set in the Ozark Mountains and they are all nostalgic, and entertaining.  I would recommend his writings to parents who want to show their children the pure joy of living experienced by kids growing up in a simpler place and time.  By Dave Hargis, Vantage Point Productions

“Glad to hear River's Edge a sequel is in the works. I read Blue Hole to my boys this summer on a gravel bar on Current River, really spooked them for a while! This is a Great book.” Jim McCarty, Editor - Rural Missouri Magazine 

"To understand Overland Park writer Rolland Love, think Mark Twain." Nick Kowalczyk, The Kansas City Star.

http://theozarkmountains.com/ozark_mountains.htm

Chapter One

Under a full moon with a blazing fire and the sounds of night creatures, two brothers are camped on the bank of an Ozark Mountain river. They are all alone except for what is floating in the Blue Hole behind their tent.  

I was awakened in the middle of the night by a scream from the back bedroom. A man with a deep loud voice shouted, “I’ve got to have hot water now.”
From the kitchen a woman yelled, “Water’s on the cook stove!”
My dog Trouser came over and licked my bare foot. I sat up on the side of the bed, rubbed my eyes and draped a wool blanket around my shoulders. I slid out of bed and walked across a cold hardwood floor.
“What are you doing up, Tommy?” Aunt Mille asked, as she rushed past me with an armload of towels and a sheet draped over her shoulder. Her long, blue cotton dress made a swishing sound as the hem dragged across the floor. Before I could say anything, I found myself standing at the bedroom door. The scene was strange and scary, like something in a dream.
Sitting on white wicker tables, one on each side of my mother and father’s bed, were kerosene lamps with thick yellow flames dancing inside glass mantles. The outlines of the people in the room cast dark shadows on the bedroom walls. The smell of burning oil permeated the air. I backed up when I saw a tall, broad-shouldered man with bushy white hair standing at the foot of the bed. My heart began to pound when I realized who it was.
“Push. Push.” Doc Barnes shouted, his deep voice rumbled like thunder. My mother grunted loudly as if she were trying to lift something that was too heavy each time Doc raised his hands in the air like a conductor.
 Aunt Mille hurried over and gave me a nudge. “Go back to bed, Tommy. This is not something a little kid should see.”
I looked around when the front door banged open against the living room wall. My Dad rushed in carrying an armload of wood. The cold chill of a winter wind that followed him snuffed out the flame of a candle burning on the coffee table. A half- dozen icicles blew off the Christmas tree and landed on top of presents wrapped in shiny red and gold paper.
“What you doin’ up, Son?” Dad asked, as he dumped the wood in a box beside the black cast- iron stove and brushed pieces of bark from the front of his bib overalls. He opened the stove door and pitched a cedar log in on top of a glowing bed of coals.
“Best you go back to bed. Get ol’ Trouser under the covers. You’ll both stay warmer. There’ll be a nice surprise for you come morning. I hope.” I looked up at Dad towering over me and began to cry. He closed the stove door, picked me up and carried me into my bedroom. Aunt Mille and a lady with bright red hair named Eleanor who lived in town came out of the kitchen with two steaming pails of hot water. They went into my mother’s bedroom and closed the door.
Dad sat for a spell and told me a story and as usual, before he finished, I drifted off to sleep. When I woke up the next morning, I lay in my bed and patted Trouser as he looked up at me with big brown eyes. I was trying to sort out if all of the commotion the night before was real or my imagination when I heard a baby cry. My brother Dwayne, later nicknamed Dub, had been born a few minutes past midnight on Christmas Day, December 25, l939. Doc Barnes carried him outside and rolled him in the snow because he was not breathing. The shock of the cold did the trick and brought him around.
Dub became the center of attention from the moment he popped out into the world and I swear nothing has changed since. 


Chapter Two

Later—I mean a lot later—when Dub was twelve and I was fifteen. I awoke to the sound of Dub’s voice ringing in my ears as he leaned over my bed and yelled at me to get up so we could hurry downstairs to eat.
“We’ve got to get out of the house!” He grabbed his shoes from the seat of a battered old wicker chair and looked at me with steely blue eyes. “Before it’s too late!”
He jerked a red plaid shirt from a hanger in the closet, gave me a squint-eyed grin and disappeared through the bedroom door.
I raised my head up off the pillow and looked toward the open door. “Come back here, Dub!” I yelled as I plopped my head back down, picked up a corner of the bed sheet and wiped the sweat from my eyes.
The little rat was always on the move. Hurry Up would have been a better nickname for him, instead of Dub.
I needed to talk to him about what not to say to Mom. Sure as the world, she would try to stop us from going to our favorite camping spot on the Oak River—a deep pool of cool, spring-fed water called the Blue Hole. She had to let us go. I could probably make her understand why it was so important, if Dub did not mess things up.
I raised my head up off the pillow again when I heard one of Dub’s heavy leather brogans crash down the stairs and hit the floor with a thud. Oh great, I thought, knowing how Mom’s tolerance for loud noise was poor at best, especially early in the morning.
“Put them shoes on next time,” Mom yelled at Dub from the kitchen. “That’s a good way to trip an’ fall.”
“I was in a hurry,” Dub said, as he stomped on down the creaky wooden stairs. I strained an ear to hear what Mom would say after Dub told her his shoes were hard to put on because they were still wet. He slipped on a moss-covered rock the day before and fell into the spring branch that ran through the lower part of our yard, a couple of hundred feet or so to the south of our white two- story farmhouse that overlooked the Oak River.
“Wet? What do you mean wet?” Mom said, raising her voice. “Those shoes are brand-new. They’ve got to last all school year long.”
“Dub, would you come up here, please?” I pleaded loudly enough for him to hear, while trying not to sound desperate. I might as well have shouted into the wind.
Bang! I could not believe he let the back porch screen door slam shut. He was such a smart kid most of the time. Then he would turn right around and act as if he had the mind of a toad.
Dubs right about one thing, I thought, when I heard the clock on the fireplace mantle in the living room clang out six loud chimes. We needed to get a move on for sure. It would be mid-afternoon by the time Dad hauled us to the river trail and we hiked to the Blue Hole.
Once we reached the river, we would have a bunch of stuff to do. First thing would be to take a swim to get ourselves cooled down after a long sweaty hike through the woods. Then we would unpack our gear, set up the tent and head downstream to do some fishing.
Being good fishermen, we would clean our catch, gather some wood and start a cooking fire. By the time we got the fish and potatoes fried for dinner, it would be close to dark and only a couple of hours before we dragged our tired bodies off to bed.
A chorus of night sounds would sing us to sleep. There would be crickets chirping and bellowing bullfrogs setting on the bank, or sprawled out on the top of floating green lily pads, back in the slough. The lonesome call of a whippoorwill would echo off of a bluff that towered two hundred feet above us. I heard Doc Barnes say the Blue Hole was a majestic stone monument millions of years in the making. Hidden away in the shadows animals would watch us with eyes that sparkled like foxfire when they ventured too close and caught the reflection of our campfire. Late at night there would be snakes on the prowl: big cottonmouths swimming back and forth like sentries across the silvery, moonlit surface of the deep dark water— assigned to guard against Dub or me leaving our tent. Normally, it would not have bothered me so badly to camp at the Blue Hole, Dub and I all by ourselves. So many strange things had happened lately that my mind had gotten out of kilter and caused my imagination to run wild. As if the situation with Doc Barnes, who mysteriously disappeared a month earlier, were not enough, I was headed back to the place where I got snake bit the summer before. Plus the moon would be full. Strange things happen during a full moon. I remembered the night Buzzard Thompson went on his shotgun rampage. The moon was full then, too.
When I sat up on the side of the bed, I noticed Dub had turned over to a new calendar page. September, l950: the picture at the top of the page was an outdoor scene of an old man and a hunting dog on the bank of a woods pond facing into the setting sun. It reminded me of Doc and his big red- boned hound, Lucky.
I thought of what Doc told me about ponds and lakes being the eyes of the earth, as I stared into the calendar picture at the mirrored surface of the water, colored reddish-purple and gold.
Still looking at the calendar, I wondered why Dub would do such a thing. He knew good and well I liked to turn up the next page at the end of each month. Why irritate the only person he would have contact with for the next three days in a remote section of the Ozark Mountains? A wilderness can be a lonely place when your only friends are nothing more than a bunch of insects, snakes and wild animals.
Dub acting up was only a part of what caused me to get an uneasy start on the day. I tossed and turned half of the night in a sweat-soaked bed trying to escape the slithering snake demons that haunted me in my dreams.
I slipped into my jeans and a faded denim work shirt laying on a nightstand beside my bed, and wiggled my feet into a pair of brown leather moccasins. My Aunt Maude, who lived in Arizona, sent the shoes for my fifteenth birthday the week before.
Heading for the kitchen, I stopped at the head of the stairs when I caught my reflection in a large wall mirror in a pine knot frame. Funny how a person can feel so jumbled up inside and still look as if nothing’s wrong on the outside, I thought. I turned my head to one side and moved forward for a closer look.
I thought about how many people compared the way I looked to my Dad, and it made me feel proud. I had his same square jaw, dark curly hair and rugged looks. Even the dimple in my chin flattened out when I smiled, like his. Not only was he smart when it came to book learning and things, he understood the ways of Mother Nature and how she taught the wild creatures to live in perfect harmony with the earth.
I rubbed the peach fuzz on my chin, and decided I would shave for the first time ever after Dub and I got back from our camping trip—if we actually got to go. I wanted to show up first day of school on Monday morning looking real spiffy. I needed to make a good impression on Lucy Denton. I hoped she would give me a chance to be something more than a friend. It seemed she started to like me more than usual the last couple of weeks before school let out for summer. I guess it was the kiss good-bye under the big oak tree caused my feelings to act up the way they did. Funny how one little thing turned my whole world upside down and caused me to think about her every day. Fact is my thoughts about Lucy were pretty much the only good things happened to me the three long months she was away.
What concerned me a little was Lucy went to visit her Aunt in St. Louis for the summer. I had not heard word one from her in all that time. I hoped the big city ways did not cause her to change. I liked her the way she was, soft red hair and big blue- green eyes that sparkled when she smiled at me. She smiled a lot.
“Come on, Tommy,” Dub yelled up the stairs. “What you doin’ up there anyhow? Let’s eat.”
Everyone was seated and waiting for me so grace could be said when I walked into the kitchen.
I met a glare with a glare when I pulled a red wooden chair out from under the table and plopped down into the seat. I was sick and tired of Dub greeting me at breakfast every morning by sticking out his tongue. It would not have been so bad if he didn’t flick it in and out like a snake testing the air for danger.
“You seem anxious to eat,” I said to Dub as I nodded my head at Dad and looked around the table at the spread of food. “This sure looks good, Mom.” I gave her an extra-big smile.
Crusted brown biscuits were stacked up next to a gray stone crock filled with thick dark gravy. Hard fried eggs with crispy edges shared a big white platter with sausage and ham. A tub of butter and a jar of combed honey were in the center of the table, one on each side of a pitcher of milk.
“Let’s eat,” Dub said as he picked up his fork and looked around the table wild-eyed as he tried to decide what he should haul onto his plate first. I knew what he was up to. He hoped to get past the ritual of saying grace. A quick hard stare from Mom delivered the message his plan would not work.
“I had the worst nightmares last night,” I said. “After I was—”
“Come on Tommy, say grace. We need to get on the move.” Dub had messed with me again. He butted in when I was about to tell Mom about my snake dream, which was one of the big reasons I needed to go camp out at the Blue Hole. I was going to tell her how I thought it might help me to face my fears. Which was what Doc said I needed to do. Mom respected what he said—a lot.
“You say grace, Dub. It’s your turn. You haven’t done it forever,” I said, narrowing my eyes. Finally, I turned to Mom for support after my attempt to stare Dub down did not even make him blink.
Mom straightened up in her chair and gave the two of us a disgusted look. “You boys best calm down. I won’t stand you bein’ plumb out of control.”
I figured she would jump onto us right then and there about the camping trip and flat-out say the whole thing was called off. Instead, she went on with the prayer.
“I’ll say grace this time. From now on, you boys will take turns. Next turn’s yours, Dwayne Benson.”
Mom always called Dub by his real name, when he got her upset. So she called him Dwayne Benson pretty often.
“Lord, please watch over Doc Barnes and bring him home safe. He’s a good man. He’s helped a lot of people. We need him with us a little longer, Lord.” Mom’s voice held a quiver as her true feelings for Doc came out.
I bit my lip and fought back the tears, partly because of my feelings for Doc, but more right then because I felt sorry for Mom. Her family raised Doc after his parents were struck down at an early age by, of all things, eating poison mushrooms. So Mom, having grown up with Doc, took his disappearance hard.
I glanced up as a tear slid down Mom’s cheek, and quickly looked away. Even though her face was drawn with sadness she still looked pretty sitting there. The early morning sun was shining through the kitchen window onto her reddish brown hair.
Mom closed the prayer by asking the Lord to please keep a close watch on Dub and me. She grabbed the tail of her apron, blotted the corner of her eyes, regained her composure and smiled.
After what she said about the Lord watching over us, I thought we might have escaped any further discussion regarding Doc and the camping trip and we were about to be set free. In the next breath she turned on us as if she was just getting us prepared for the worst. “You know what concerns me about you boys’ trip?” Mom said with a stern voice. “It’s the Blue Hole. That’s where the Patterson boy said Doc told him he was headed. No one’s seen Doc since.”
I scooted up to the edge of my chair and jumped to our defense. “You can’t believe Bobby Patterson.” My voice cracked. “He’s a wild storyteller. He’s the one told stuff about Lucy Denton. I know for a fact she’s one of the most....”
“Tommy. Tommy.” Dad reached over and patted me on the shoulder.
“What?” I blurted out, took a deep breath and sat back in my chair.
“Calm down, Son. We can discuss this civilized- like, okay?”
I looked down at my lap and cleared my throat. “All I know is Bobby Patterson’s as windy as the month of March. Every kid in school will say the same.”
“Okay, Son,” Dad said. “Your mother’s got a good point though. The Blue Hole is a long ways from home.”
 Dad was stopped before he could say anything else by a near-death experience. In an attempt to Hog down a big bite of sausage, stacked up on his fork with an inch-thick pile of fried egg, Dub had gotten choked, really bad.
With a violent cough, he sprayed a chewed-up trail of white, yellow and brown food chunks down the front of his overalls and out onto the kitchen table. A moist little yellow piece about the size of a pea landed by the edge of my plate, and I flicked it back. I smiled at him when I pointed at the bloody spot on the back of my hand, where I smashed a mosquito while sitting on the edge of the bed looking at the new calendar page he turned over.
Looking for quick relief, Dub grabbed for his glass and turned over the drink. A pool of milk spread across the table and began to drip through a crack in the middle, sounding like rain falling on the roof as it dribbled onto the blue and white linoleum floor.
Hunter, the old gray and white tomcat curled up back in a corner behind the wood stove leaped up and scrambled toward the milk.
I picked up my glass real quick like, and guzzled down the milk to the last drop when Dub started to grab it. He gave me a dirty look that showed a chipped front tooth, caused by a fall from the hayloft when he was showing off as usual. He jumped up and headed for the water bucket beside the washbasin and picked up the wooden dipper. Water spilled from the corners of his mouth and dripped off his chin as he guzzled down a big long drink.
His coughing fit under control, he walked back to the table, jerked his chair back, plopped himself down, picked up his fork and as if nothing out of the ordinary ever happened, he began to eat.
“You look pale, Dub.” I tried to sound as sympathetic as I could be. “Are you okay?”
I looked around when I heard Dad clear his throat and saw a frown that wiped away my grin.
“If I’d wanted to eat with a pig, I’d be out in the Hog lot,” Dad said, as he forked a bite of gravy- covered biscuit into his mouth and washed it down with a gulp of black coffee. “It doesn’t take much talent to shovel down food.”
“Sorry,” Dub said pitifully, sounding like he had a mouth full of marbles.
Dad sat up straight in his chair and ran his fingers back through his dark wavy hair. “Your mother’s sure right about one thing. You boys best calm down before you bust a gut. It goes double for you, Dub.”
With a big gulp and raised eyebrows, Dub called up one of his well-practiced hangdog expressions and moaned, “I’m sorry as can be, Dad. I surely am.”
I did not like to see Dub get into trouble. But, if trouble did not slap him upside the head every once in awhile, he would live to entertain himself and most of the time it would be at my expense.
Mom’s nostrils flared as she squinted her eyes and stared at Dub. “Let’s eat in peace now, okay, Son? Lord knows that’s what we need now more than anything.”
Except for a couple of fake coughs and Dub clearing his throat six or eight times, nothing else but some serious eating took place. Dub scooped up the final smear of apple butter on his plate with the last piece of his biscuit. He put his hands on the edge of the table and asked to be excused. He was hoping to push away from the table and get out of the house quickly to avoid any further discussion of Doc and the camping trip.
I shook my head and looked up at the ceiling, knowing his plan would never work.
“No, you can’t,” Dad said as he glanced over at Mom and she nodded back at him.
“How come?” Dub asked softly.
“Because your mother hasn’t had all her say, Dwayne. That’s the reason how come. Go on Elsia, you’ve got the floor.”
Mom looked at me and sighed. “Why the Blue Hole, Tommy? Why there of all places?”
“I’ve got a good reason why I want to go to the Blue Hole,” I said.
Mom looked deep into my eyes. “What if trouble found you up there in that Wilderness? You know how dangerous that country can be. There’d be no way on God’s green earth for you to get help if you got hurt. Camp someplace closer to home.”
While I was debating about what I should say next, Dub jumped into the conversation like a hound dog leading the pack. “Come on, Mom! Me an’ Tommy can take care of our own self. You know we can.”
There was a long silence, during which time Mom looked down at her plate and uttered a groan. Time was running out. I needed to say something convincing and do it quick.
“Well,” I said, as I looked around the room while I tried to think of what might save us.
Like a miracle, Dub blurted out a showstopper. “I’ve got to go, Mom. Tommy promised we’d camp at the Blue Hole all summer long. It’s my last chance ever before school starts.”
 Mom threw her hands up in the air. “Okay, but I’ve got a powerful uneasy feeling something’s not right.” Dad, Dub and I anxiously waited to hear the reason. After a long pause, Mom said, “It’s ‘cause of a dream I had last night—a strong premonition.”
Oh, no, I said to myself, as my hopes sank. When Mom got one of her ill feelings, or sightings, as I heard her call the mystic occurrences, more times than not, something awful happened.
Everyone knew when she got a sign; it was time to give serious thought to her warning. Doc himself even said if Mom felt something might go wrong a body best watch out, because it probably would. Doc claimed a few people did have those kinds of powers to be able to foresee what might happen in the future, and Mom was one of those who were gifted.
She made a believer of me when she sensed something was wrong at Buzzard Thompson’s house even before Sheriff Johnson found the bodies. Mom was not like a witch or anything. She referred to it as being a gift from the Divine Creator.
“What did you see?” I asked, as I swallowed the lump in my throat, wishing I did not have to know.
She turned her head and stared at the dogwood tree outside the kitchen window, whose leafy branches swayed as if to wave back at her when there was a sudden gust of wind.
“A doll,” she said, without turning her head. “It was hanging in a tree by the edge of a tall bluff.”
“A doll hanging in a tree?” I said.
“Yes,” Mom said. “I heard water crashing over rocks in the river below.”
“That’s not so bad, is it?” I said, thinking if there was nothing more we might be home free.
Mom looked at me and shook her head. “A voice from above warned me not to go any further.” Dub threw his head back and started to act like his cocky self again. “What’s it got to do with us?”
“You boys were standin’ in front of the tree. Pale as a couple of ghosts, eyes wide and faces sweaty.”
Were doomed now, I thought as I looked at Dub and he frowned. We sat quietly for some time while giving our mother’s divine message serious thought and proper respect, as it more than well deserved. However, without a spoken word, we two tough young country boys, who thought we knew everything there was to know about pretty much everything, especially when it came to getting along in the great outdoors, convinced ourselves she could not possibly be right all of the time. This allowed our foolish desire to go to the Blue Hole to win out over Mom’s long-term proven logic. In our infinite wisdom, we were able to break through her spell.
So what could possibly go wrong?
“There’s another good reason besides my promise to Dub,” I said, feeling like a mouse about to get caught in a trap when I saw Mom sit back in her chair and tighten her jaws.
“Just what might that be, Son?” she asked sternly.
I cleared my throat and wiped the sweat away from under my chin with the back of my hand. “I had a horrible dream last night. It was terrible. I’ve got to get rid of those snakes.”
“I’m sorry,” Mom said. “What’s that got to do with the camping trip?”
“Doc’s the one told me to do this.” I figured the use of his name right up front would be my best shot. “Remember what he said about me goin’ back to the Blue Hole?” Mom nodded and did not say a word. “He told me to go back to the place where I got bit. He said then I wouldn’t be afraid anymore. There would be no more bad dreams. Doc said I’d be facing my fears. That’s what I must do, he said.”
“Gosh, Tommy, you really think it would help?” Dub said. “If you camped at the Blue Hole with snakes all around?” Dub looked at Mom. “Tommy looked terrible this morning, wild-eyed and soaked with sweat. His face was scrunched up like he’d chomped down on a sour persimmon. He needs something done. That’s for sure. It keeps me worried. I can’t imagine how bad it is for him.”
I could not have hoped for a better reaction from Dub. I could tell by Mom’s expression he had made some serious headway toward helping our cause. When Mom talked to a person about something important, she always looked deep into their eyes. So I leaned forward and took a good long look into her sparkling brown eyes. “If Doc said it might work, I think there’s a good chance it could. Don’t you, Mom?”
“What about the big search for Doc with Uncle Ira’s hounds?” Dub said. “Those trackers would have found him and Lucky for sure, wouldn’t they, Dad? If they could have been found.”
Dad glanced at Mom and smiled. “Dub’s right, Elsia. Ira’s hounds would have sniffed out the slightest trace. I covered all that river country with Ira like we were sweepin’ a carpet. Between us and those dogs, we didn’t leave nary a stone not turned.”
 “I can’t believe we’re not goin’,” Dub moaned, as he lowered his head. “Nothin’ can hurt Tommy and me. We’re tough as pine knots.”
“Hold it Dub,” Dad said, raising his voice. “Just hold it right there.”
Oh Lordy, I thought, figuring Dub had gone too far. To my surprise, instead of it being the end of the trail for Dub and I, Dad looked at Mom and said, “Elsia, I know you’re antsy about the boys takin’ this trip. They’re damn near grown men, especially Tommy. Couple more inches and he’ll be tall as me.”
Dub and I looked at one another with our mouths open. Not only had Dad come to our defense, it was the first time I heard him say anything about me being a man.
“Think of it this way, Elsia. If the boys don’t make it back, we’ll save a bundle on food alone.”
Dad folded his arms across his chest and sat back in the chair while he waited for a response. Mom bit her lower lip and looked away.
After a long pause, during which Mom fiddled with her napkin and looked up at the ceiling, probably consulting with a higher power, she turned to Dad and solemnly said, “All right, Dred Benson. You and your boys win. I’ve only got one last thing to say.”
“What’s that, Mother?” Dad said.
“I hope you’re not playin’ a game of chance with the Devil. If something dreadful happens, it’ll be a terrible burden for those of us left alive to pay. This is my final say about it, please be extra careful.” 


Chapter Three

I waved good-bye to Dad after he dropped us off at the woods trail that led to the river, and his pickup disappeared around the bend. Dub stirred up a cloud of dust when he did a little dance. “We did it, Tommy!” he yelled. “We’re finally on our way to the Blue Hole.”
He grinned at me with clear, untroubled eyes. I felt sorry for what he did not know.
I wiped my forehead with the back of my hand and flicked the sweat onto the ground. Up ahead a red fox squirrel, sitting on the cab of an abandoned log truck, chattered at us and shook its bushy tail. I thought about Doc Barnes as I watched the big red scurry up a hickory nut tree and disappear into the forest. I hoped once again my shooting Doc by accident did not have anything to do with his disappearance.
No matter what some folks said about me not being a careful hunter, the shooting wasn’t my fault. When a dead limb breaks loose from a tree, it falls. It was not my fault I was standing under it and it hit the end of my rifle barrel as I started to shoot at a squirrel. The safety was on until I was ready to pull the trigger. What else could I do?
 That happened in the early spring, three months ago, and Doc said his head wound healed up completely. He would have told me if it was a bad condition that might cause him to wander off into the woods. Good gosh, the man was a medical doctor for over fifty years. He should know what’s dangerous and what’s not.
“What are you thinking about?” Dub asked.
“Nothing.” I remembered how one day, out of the blue, poor old Jake Deacon wandered off and a week later they found him face down in the river.
The squawk of a blue jay up ahead filled the air with a warning sound to the rest of the wood’s creatures danger was approaching. Once again, I thought about me being responsible for my brother on a trip to the Blue Hole. I was the person who would get blamed if something bad happened to him. I shuddered.
“Come on, let’s go.” I picked up the pack and my single-shot .22 rifle. We hurried down the narrow dirt road toward the abandoned Thompson house.
Dub was taking in everything around us. He kicked a pinecone along in front of him and even whistled, “Old Joe Clark,” a popular Ozark fiddle tune. He whacked a leaf on an oak tree sprout growing alongside the road with the tip of his fishing rod and knocked it off onto the ground.
I smiled when Dub looked at me and laughed, even though inside I felt hollow like a rotten log. All I could think of was my having to go inside the Thompson place to look for Doc. Maybe I won’t have to, I thought. In one of my dreams, Doc was standing on the front porch waiting for me to come along and take him home.
Even though I would have felt bad about sneaking off if Mom told Dub and I we could not go on our camping trip at the Blue Hole, I would have taken off in the middle of the night. That’s how desperate I was to stop the nightmares and how bad I wanted to find Doc.
Dub looked at me and squinted his eyes. “Aren’t we close to the Thompson place?”
He ran up beside me when I did not answer and asked the question again.
“Yeah. Yeah.” I was only half paying attention.
“Look, Tommy,” Dub said, when we reached the edge of the clearing. “There it is up ahead. See the broken window. Didn’t that used to be where the Thompson kids slept? Wasn’t that their room— before, you know, before Buzzard turned on his family with the shotgun?”
“How would I know?” I was plenty put out with him, the silly kid. I almost turned right around and apologized. “I shouldn’t have snapped at you,” that’s what I should have said. I felt sick at my stomach when I did not see Doc standing on the front porch. I would have to go inside and if I did not find him there, the next place to look would be at the Conner brothers’ cabin and then Leatherwood Cave as a last resort. The thought of crawling back inside a dark cavern to search for Doc was about more than I could bear. What if I found him in there and he was dead? I might have a heart attack.
Another thing bothered me about spending the night camped out on a gravel bar was a lot of strange things happened during a full moon night.
“What’s wrong, Tommy? You look awful. Are you sick or something?”
“I’m fine. Nothing’s wrong.”
I thought about Doc telling me fear was my worst enemy, when I told him about the snake dreams after I got bit. “Stand up straight and stare fear right in the face. Nothing can stop you. How do you think I’ve got by all these years?” Doc said.
I shaded my eyes to block out the sun, and stared at the run-down old Thompson house, trying to work up enough nerve to go inside. I could not believe what had happened to the place since I was there last.
I forced myself to step over the fallen gate, and walked into the front yard. A tangle of grapevines and sumac bushes were the only things keeping the rotten rail fence from falling to the ground. Mud dauber nests lined the overhang under a tarpaper roof that sagged in the middle like a swayback mule. It looked as if the next strong wind might blow the place down.
A shudder passed though me when I thought about what my friend Doodle and I walked in on the next day after the shooting. I would never forget the little red print of a child’s hand on the white kitchen wall. How crazy must old Buzzard be by now if he’s still alive? I wondered. Living out in the woods like a wild animal, there wouldn’t be much else to think about....other than what he did to his family. Most people thought he was dead, except Doc, which made me wonder if Buzzard was in contact with him at one time or another. 
The back of my shirt was soaked with sweat, yet I felt a chill. I could not believe I had come back to this place. I hated being here worse than anything. You’ve got no choice, I reminded myself, as I took a few more steps toward the front door.
“What?” I jerked my head around when I realized Dub was shaking my arm.
“What’s the matter? Is something wrong you’re not telling me about?” He squinted his eyes and stared at me as he ran his fingers back through curly blond hair. He spit on the ground through the wide crack in his front teeth. His tongue was a blue color from eating a handful of blackberries he picked along the side of the rocky old log road.
I took a deep breath. “I felt sick for a little bit. Probably the heat. I’ll be okay.”
“You look terrible. I hope you’re okay.”
I pulled a red bandanna from the hip pocket of my jeans and poured some water from a green, wax- coated canvas bag my Uncle Ira brought home from the war. The water from the dripping wet rag felt cool and soothing as I rubbed the back of my neck.
I could see inside an old log corncrib that sat back by the edge of the woods, about fifty yards or so past where a good-sized garden had been. The rim of a straw hat had fallen down onto the shoulders of a scarecrow dressed in raggedy red long johns. With the front door swinging wide open on its hinges, I saw the crib was empty, so there would be no need for me to tromp through the snaky weeds to look inside.
“Dub,” I said as I took a deep breath, “I’ve got to go inside the house. You don’t have to come. I’ve got no choice though.”
Dub’s mouth fell open. “Are you crazy? What on earth do you want to do that for?”
“Got to make sure Doc’s not inside.” I pointed at the porch with the rifle barrel. “He was standing out front right there in a lot of my dreams.”
“I don’t see him, do you? He’s not there, so let’s go.” Dub grabbed me by the arm.
“It don’t mean he’s not inside. I’ve got to go see for myself.”
It dawned on me I scribbled the names of the places I would look for Doc on the list I made for what to take on the camping trip. I left it lying on my bed at home. There was no good reason why I wrote them down, but I did anyway. Mom will find it for sure and when she sees I am going to the killer hole, she’ll be more upset than ever.
The killer hole was what she called Leatherwood Cave after one of her friend’s twelve and thirteen- year-old boys went in to explore one day and never came out. Even though ten years had passed, to Mom it was as if they disappeared only yesterday.
I could tell by the wild look in Dub’s eyes he was not about to take another step toward the house unless I dragged him.
“Look at those nasty things,” Dub said, pointing up at the sky. “I don’t like turkey Buzzards circling’ in so close. The idea they only eat dead things bothers me.”
I patted him on the shoulder and started toward the fallen-down old shack. The soft ripe berries of a pokeberry bush made a red streak across the back of my hand. I jerked my hand away as a blackberry vine grabbed hold of my pant leg and tore a hole in my blue jeans.
I pulled back the bolt and looked into the chamber of the single-shot 22 rifle to make sure it was still loaded. “Get out of here, copperheads!” When the echo of my voice faded away down the holler, I picked up a rusted hubcap and sailed it into the side of the house. A half-broken pane of glass in a second-story window jarred loose from the casing and shattered on the rocky ground. Having caused enough ruckus to let everything within a half-mile know I was coming, I walked on.
“Why are you doing this, Tommy?” Dub yelled, when I stepped up onto the front porch. “You said you’d never go back in that house again. What will I tell Mom?”
When I looked over my shoulder, he turned away. As I stared at the front door, I felt like my feet had grown into the ground. As if I were still the fearless guy I used to be, I forced myself to walk into the living room.
“Doc. It’s me, Tommy.” Except for a broken- down army cot, tipped over on its side and a cane- bottom chair leaned up against the wall beside a window filled with panes of jagged glass, the room was empty. The only sound was the buzz of a horsefly circling overhead and the pounding of my heart pulsing blood through my veins.
I stared at a red shotgun hull lying on the floor of the living room in front of a stairway door that led up to the second story where the Thompson kids used to sleep. I waited for what seemed like five minutes before I took another step.
Nothing seemed different from when we were there before, except the stench was gone. A mixture of blood and gunpowder ripened by the hot August sun, that smelled as if someone cooked blood on the stove and let the pot boil dry. The pungent odor made us gag and we ran out of the house into the front yard.
Now I wiped the sweat from my eyes and looked at the closed door across the room.
Goose bumps covered my arms. My heart pounded even harder. I knew I had to open the door and climb the stairs. I wanted to run away. I was so scared I felt numb.
“Doc?” I yelled again, and my voice trembled. “It’s me, Tommy.”
When he did not answer, I walked up to the door and turned the knob. The rusted hinges creaked as I slowly opened the heavy wooden door. I looked up the narrow dust-covered steps and half dozen big brown spiders scampered across a maze of silky white cobwebs that flapped up and down like angels’ wings. I froze, not wanting to go any farther. I have to do it. Doc might be up there injured and need my help. I stopped and listened when I put my foot on the first step. I thought I heard something in the living room, outside the door.
It’s my imagination, I said to myself when I did not hear it again. Using the barrel of my 22 rifle, I knocked the cobwebs out of the way, and hurried up the stairs I was surprised to see the entire upper floor was all one big room. Except for five mattresses on the floor and a little green dress hanging on a nail beside an open window, the room was empty. A torn lace curtain flapped in the wind. The goose bumps on my arms came back and I hurried down the stairs.
“Are you here, Doc? It’s me, Tommy.” I walked across the living room and stepped into the kitchen. My mouth was so dry I could not make spit. I licked my lips when I saw the water bucket sitting on the table by the back door. I pulled back the firing pin on the .22 rifle when I thought I heard something in the closet behind the sink. I curled my finger around the trigger and took a deep breath. I stepped to one side for a better look and saw a brown stain that looked like dried blood. I felt faint and thought I would pass out.
I whirled around quickly when I heard someone behind me moan. With angry eyes that stared right through me, and the front of his overalls covered in blood, there stood Buzzard Thompson. Without hesitation he shouldered a shotgun, pumped a shell into the chamber and pulled the trigger. There was a violent explosion, fire flew from the end of the barrel and I was blown back into the wall.
Or so I thought. I did not feel any pain.
I looked down at my chest but I did not see any blood. There was not even so much as a button missing from my shirt.
“Back up or I’ll shoot,” I shouted, as I raised the .22 rifle and pointed it right between his eyes. He lunged forward, I pulled the trigger, glass shattered in the mirror above the big stone fireplace and I imagined a tall, rugged looking man, with a thick matted beard, groaned and fell to the floor.
“What was that noise?” Dub yelled, when he heard the shot.
Everything became blurry as if I were looking through a smoke-filled room. My legs were weak. Something brushed the back of my neck and I stumbled toward the front door. 


Chapter Four

“What happened?” Dub yelled, as I flew off the porch and landed on my hands and knees among a patch of blackberry vines with stickers that dug into my bare arms, tearing the flesh.
Something was on top of my head, screeching and pulling my hair. I hit at it, whatever it was, and saw a flying squirrel sail through the air, landing on the low hanging branch of a mulberry tree. I looked down at my chest again, still expecting to be sickened by a bloody mess, maybe even to see my heart beating.
There was nothing. My chest looked perfectly all right. I was not all right though. Not in the head I wasn’t. On top of everything else, the meltdown that caused me to do battle with the ghost of Buzzard Thompson put me right on the edge. As badly as I wanted to jump up and run back to the spot where Dad dropped us off, I had to go on. I owed it to Doc.
Dub looked down at me. “Come on, Tommy. Let’s go. Let’s get away from this place right now.”
When he sprinted down the path and into the woods, I jumped up and ran after him. It was a quarter-mile or better before he stopped. We were both out of breath. I unscrewed the cap and held out the canteen. Usually I would have drunk first, now I wanted to be good. I wanted to be a better big brother. I wanted to live in such a way I would not have to think ever again about the little red handprint on the white kitchen wall or the green dress hanging lonesome in the upstairs bedroom.
Dub wiped his mouth and handed back the canteen. “What did you shoot at?”
I took a long drink and looked away. “I wanted to make sure the rifle worked, that’s all. Never hurts to check.”
I barely remembered pulling the trigger. It was as if someone else fired the shot and I saw it happen from a distance. It scared me. My heart almost jumped out of my chest.
Dub walked around in front of me and stared into my eyes. “You’re not acting like yourself, Tommy. You’re making me jumpy.”
 I looked up at the sky and wanted to say, hey Little Brother, you talk about jumpy, you should be inside my skin. Why should I? There was enough trouble already. He would ask a bunch more questions and I had no answers.
I took another swig of water, screwed the cap back on and thought about the next place I must look for Doc. I did not like it one bit. I knew the Conner brothers were questioned about Doc’s disappearance, but I did not hear anyone say they actually went inside of their cabin. Could be they were too afraid of making them mad, I thought. Everyone knew those two were as rough as cobs.
Did not come to town without starting a fight. I reached in my pocket and jiggled the .22 cartridges to make sure they were still there.
“I’m going to rest for a couple minutes.” I walked over beside a big black oak tree and lay down on a thick green carpet of moss. “I need to catch my breath. Need to think a couple of things out.”
Still panting heavily, Dub ambled over to a lonesome pine tree and plopped down on a soft bed of needles.
I was having a hard time keeping my mind from running wild and stopping my determination to turn back cold in its tracks—not because of the spooky places I had to go look for Doc, but other things could be dangerous too. What if we met up with Buzzard Thompson on the trail? What would a couple more killings mean to him? The thought of spending the night camped out on the gravel bar was bothering me a lot, knowing full well those same cottonmouths that bit me the summer before would be swimming around in the Blue Hole right behind our tent.
So what if my friend Doodle would tease me if I chickened out and went back home. So what if Dub was disappointed—we could camp on the river another day. Mom would be happy as everything if she heard the front screen door bang shut and saw Dub and I walk into the kitchen.
“What are you thinkin’ about now, Tommy? I hope it’s not about goin’ back home.”
 I squinted my eyes when a ray of sunlight sneaked through the thick green layer of oak leaves my head and I glanced over at him. “Whatever gave you that idea?”
 “I didn’t think so.” He smiled as he picked up a pinecone and tossed it at a rotted-out tree stump, and the cone disappeared inside of the hole in the center. “You’ve never broken a promise before. No reason you’d start now, I guess.”
“Yeah, I guess.” Sometimes Dub was too smart for his own good.
“We need to get a move on. The days wastin’ an’ the Blue Hole’s waitin’.”
“Okay, you’re right.” I stood up and brushed off a clump of green moss clinging to the side of my pant leg. “You’re right. We’ve hung around too long.”
“What was all the twitchin’ about? Did you go to sleep? Was you havin’ another bad dream?”
“I didn’t go to sleep. I was resting my eyes.”
“Yeah, okay.” He hit me on the butt with the tip of the fishing rod. “Know what I’m doin’ first when we get to the river? Set some traps. That’s what I’m doin’. You can help me if you want.” Dub pulled his red imitation Swiss army knife out of his pocket and showed me the saw blade. “I can do anything with this weapon. Even cut down trees.”
“Traps?” Mom’s warning still ran through my head and I felt uneasy. “What kind of traps?”
“What we’ll do is tie some fishin’ line to the willow branches. Anybody walks into it will think it’s a spider web and they’ll scream.”
“That sounds okay.” I thought about how if I was lucky I would find Doc before we got to the river. I could turn around and go home without anyone calling me a chicken. Plus I would be a hero. Most of my problems would be solved and I would have Doc back to fish with and talk to.
“We’ll also hang some tin cans with rocks in them from the branches. They’ll make a lot of noise, too. Right, Tommy?”
“Yeah, right.” I shook my head in disgust because I was even having such a conversation.
“We’ll lay a rope around the tent to keep the snakes away. You’ll feel safer then, I’m sure.”
“Better than nothing,” I said, but the thought of camping within a stone’s throw of the driftwood pile where I got bit the summer before made me nervous. I slapped myself upside the head with the flat of my hand, thinking: I’ve got to find Doc. Got to break the spell.
“You’re scaring me worse all the time, Tommy. Now you’ve hit yourself upside the head. Half the time you act like I’m not even here.”
“Let’s go. Just walk. No talk. Okay?” I grabbed the heavy pack, picked up the rifle and headed down the trail with Dub close behind.
“That’s okay with me. I don’t have much else to say.” We only went a couple hundred yards when he began talking to me again. “Too bad old Trouser isn’t with us. I’d feel a lot safer. Wouldn’t you?”
What a silly question, I thought as I took a couple of quick steps to put some space between us. Dub was right about, Trouser. The old dog would have ripped the ears off of anyone that messed with us. I would give everything I own to have him back, I thought. Knowing full well I could not have expected any dog to live more than fifteen years. Part of what bothered me was the way he died.
“Let me know if you want me to carry the heavy pack,” Dub said as he ran up beside me, and smiled when I nodded my head.
It was obvious he was trying his level best not to irritate me. He knew if I had a choice it would be Doodle and me on a camping trip instead of him. Which was kind of sad, but a person can’t help the way they feel when it comes to who is his best friend.
“You’re doing okay.” I wondered if I used to act like him when I was twelve years old.
Dub walked beside me, nudged my arm with his shoulder and smiled. He could not stand to bring up the rear for fear something might drop on him from a tree and I would not know he was in trouble until it was too late. That and it was like torture if he thought someone was mad at him. “I’ll be okay now we’re away from Buzzard’s place. I about jumped out of my skin while you were inside the house.”
“You know what happened back there?” I felt guilty about the way I treated him for no good reason at all. “The reason I fired the rifle?”
Dub ran up in front of me and turned around, so he could walk backwards and look at me while I talked. “What happened?” He stumbled over a limb, but did not miss a step.
“My mind played a big trick on me,” I said sheepishly. “I thought I saw Buzzard point a shotgun at me and pull the trigger. It still seems so real, I can’t believe it didn’t happen.”
“I would have passed plumb out.” “Yeah, well, I think for a few seconds I did. When I thought I saw him raise his shotgun, I shouldered the rifle and put a bullet between Buzzard’s eyes, except he wasn’t there. It was a reflection in the mirror.”
“You imagined it. What a humdinger of a daydream.”
“I even thought I saw fire fly from the end of the shotgun barrel. It was awful. Then a stupid little flying squirrel got tangled up in my hair. That’s when I ran outside.”
“That’s scary.” Dub slapped his hand against his chest and took a deep breath. “What did Buzzard look like?”
“Bad. He looked really bad. The front of his bib overalls was covered with blood. His hair and beard looked like goat fur, all matted and dirty.”
I stopped when I heard the cry of a blue jay up in front of us a couple hundred yards. “Wonder what spooked the old jay?” I walked out into the woods and looked down a hillside covered with big oaks and dogwood trees.
“Listen,” Dub grabbed my arm. “Hear that noise?” He pointed at a grove of cedar trees dead ahead.
I heard something growl and saw a low-hanging limb move. When I hunkered down for a better look, whatever it was growled again. I grabbed Dub by the arm and started to run, but I was too late. The branches parted and a big red fox lunged out at us.
Dub yelled and jumped backwards, tripped over a rock and fell to the ground. I shouldered the rifle, but the fox was on top of him before I could get off a shot. Snarling, the angry creature tore at Dub’s leg. I jabbed the fox in the back with the end of the rifle barrel and the crazy thing jerked its head around and snapped at me. I kicked at it and planted a good one under its chin. Staggering from side to side, the fox ran toward the deep holler.
I fired a shot as he disappeared from sight. I was shaking so badly I almost dropped the rifle. Rabies, I thought. What else would cause a fox to attack someone in broad daylight?
 Dub was sitting up, rocking back and forth, holding his leg and crying, slobbers running down his chin. “I’ve been bit, Tommy. I’ll have to take those shots. I’m goin’ to die.”
“I don’t think the fox had rabies.” I remembered Trouser looked like he ate a bar of soap when he got infected with the disease. “He wasn’t foaming at the mouth or anything.”
I squatted down beside Dub and raised up his pant leg to see how much damage was done. I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw the fox mostly got a mouth full of denim overalls. There were a couple of red marks across the top of his shin and another one on his knee, but the skin was not broken.
“You lucked out.” I patted him on the back. “You really did. Just a couple of red marks, his teeth didn’t break the skin.”
Dub laughed nervously as he wiped away the tears. “Are you sure? Am I really okay?”
I stood up and pulled back the bolt on the rifle and ejected the empty .22 cartridge. “Yeah, Dub. You’re okay.” I slipped in a new cartridge, then reached down and helped him to his feet. As we headed down the trail again, I remembered what Thurlo Barnes, the Conservation Commission agent, told Dad the day before in the pool hall. He said there was a threat of a rabies outbreak because there were so many more foxes and skunks around than normal. I gave more serious consideration to Dub’s idea of setting some traps up around the campsite. That might not stop them if they were determined to come after us, but at least we would have some warning we were about to be attacked. 


Chapter Five

We spent the next fifteen minutes walking as fast as we could, looking back over our shoulders a lot to make certain the ill-tempered fox was not on our trail.
“Something’s wrong, Tommy. We should’ve come to Ebb and Flow Spring by now. It’s only thirty minutes from Buzzard’s place. That’s what Dad said. Remember?”
“It’s right in front of us, don’t worry.”
“How do you know?”
“I do. Trust me.”
“Okay.”
Something was wrong. I hated to admit it, but I thought I may have messed up and gotten us lost. The log road that started out wide enough to drive a truck down turned into a narrow path, overtaken by oak tree saplings and sage grass. I grabbed a grapevine that hung down from a big hickory nut tree and held it up so Dub could duck underneath.
“Mother Nature’s taking back the land.”  That’s the kind of thing Doodle might have said, I thought, wishing once again he was with me when I got to the Conner brothers’ place. It wouldn’t bother him one bit to walk right in and check out every room. He had nerves of steel. He was not afraid of snakes either, but neither was I until I got myself bit.
Out of nowhere, Dub started to talk about the steep path we must go down from the top of the bluff to the river at the Blue Hole. He was worried he might fall over the edge.
I picked up the pace to get ahead of him again. I even started to hum so I could not hear him say anything else. I did not need anymore to worry about, like falling two hundred feet off a cliff and being smashed on the rocks below.
“How do you even know we’re on the right trail? What about the one we passed?”
“It wasn’t a real trail,” I said as I looked back over my shoulder. “It was an animal path.” I barely got the words out of my mouth when I kicked something that rattled. “Oh no. We’ve been goin’ in a circle.”
Dub grabbed my arm with both hands and groaned. “How do you know?”
I pointed at the ground. “I saw that log chain when we walked past thirty minutes ago. That’s how I know. That greasy old leather glove was here too.”
I cursed myself under my breath and kicked the glove off to one side of the trail. Picking up the log chain, I threw it as far as I could out into the woods.
Dub pushed me away. “How did it happen?”
“How would I know? I got mixed up, okay? People have walked in a circle before, you can bet on it, brother.”
I kicked the ground so hard I hurt my toe. There was no doubt about what happened and why I messed up. I was thinking about my troubles, not paying attention to what I was doing and I walked right past the main trail.
Dub wiped the sweat from his eyes. “You better come up with something to save us. It’s your fault we’re lost. You’re the one who knows about the woods better than I do. You’re a lot older.”
I could not believe he turned on me. How could he have forgotten about all I had done for him? If it were not for him I would not be on the trip in the first place. He was the one who wanted to go camp at the Blue Hole so badly.
There was a long silence, during which we looked at everything except each other. “There’s a couple of things we can do. We can walk back to Buzzard’s place and camp there for the night, or walk on into town. The moon will be full, so there will be plenty of light.”
“You’re nuts! I’m not goin’ back to Buzzard’s place this close to dark.” We stared at one another for some time in a standoff. “How long is it until dark anyway? Tell the truth for a change. Okay, Tommy?”
I told him there was a couple hours of daylight left, which I thought was a good guess. Plus I figured it to be what he wanted to hear.
Dub’s concern about our race with time had taken on a new meaning for me and I shifted gear into a more serious mode to figure out what we should do to improve our chances for survival.
“Okay. Let’s calm down. We’ve got to think this thing out.”
“Like how?” Dub asked, fidgeting around like he was about to wet his pants.
“Since the sun sets in the west and the river is west of where we were, now we need to walk in the direction of the setting sun.”
When I forced a smile, Dub agreed my plan sounded like a good one, so I picked up my pack and we headed toward the deep woods. I figured he would think of it eventually, but the big question was, what would happen to us if we did not reach the river before the sun went down?
I did not have to worry about that long. Within a couple hundred yards I walked up on a pile of freshly cut brush and stopped.
“What is it, Tommy?”
“Someone has covered up the main trail with this brush.” I kicked away a couple of branches. “That’s why I got lost and walked in a circle.”
“Why would someone do a thing like that?” Dub looked all around.
“Didn’t want anyone to use the trail, I guess.” It has to be the Conner brothers, I thought. I figured they had probably watched us ever since we left Buzzard’s house.
I wiped the sweat from my eyes with my bandanna and slipped it back in my hip pocket. Then I reached down and rubbed my finger over the cut end of one of the limbs. It was sticky, the way hickory limbs are the first day or two after they have been chopped down and left out in the sun.
“Lucky you spotted this, Tommy. We could have walked in a circle forever.”
“Luck’s got nothin’ to do with it little brother. I’m like Daniel Boone. I can track down anything. We’ll be okay now.”
Dub slapped me on the back and I grinned. “Let’s go, Tommy. Let’s get to the river quick as we can.”
We looked at one another like a couple of clowns with smiles painted on our faces. “We’ll make it before sundown for sure. Nothing can stop us now.”
“Know why I’m so happy to get out of the woods before dark?” Dub said, still smiling.
“Because you’re afraid of being eaten by a bear?” Actually kidding around, which was something I had not felt like doing for a long time.
“It’s the big oak trees. Once the sun goes down, the woods are almost as dark as a cave. Do you know why I’m so afraid of caves?”
“Is it because of what happened to the Riley brothers?”
“That’s part of it. The other thing is when you’re in a cave it’s darker if your eyes are open than when they’re shut. How many caves do you think there are along the river?”
“I know of at least a dozen. Leatherwood Cave is the biggest. The cave at the Blue Hole would be second biggest.”
“Caves are spooky places to me...that much I know for sure.”
“You don’t have to worry about caves right now.
All we need to think about is getting to the river.” I saw something in the trail that made me stop and stare.
“What’s the matter?”
I groaned. “That looks like Doc’s cap.” I remembered the day he ordered it from the Early Start Feed Company catalog and he was talking about it being one of a kind. It was red with a green bill and a picture of a mallard duck on the front.
I was close to feeling like my old self again, until I picked it up and saw what was on the label. I scratched the brown stain with my fingernail and turned it over quickly so Dub would not see it was dried blood.
“I never believed you before, Tommy. Your dreams could come true though. If Doc’s hat is here, he must be up ahead somewhere.”
I nodded my head and smiled, but seeing the blood made me think Mom was probably right. We should not have gone to the river alone. We could wind up like that dead deer we saw at the sinkhole a couple of months ago, I thought, with turkey Buzzards picking our bones clean.
I stuck Doc’s hat in my pack and we headed out again, keeping up a steady pace down the rocky trail for the next fifteen minutes until we reached the Ebb and Flow Spring.
I dropped my pack to the ground, walked up to the water’s edge and laid down the rifle. I scooped up a handful of the cool clear water and gulped it down, then splashed some in my face and rubbed the back of my neck. Arching my back forward as some of the droplets ran down my back, I forgot anything could feel so good.
Dub walked out into the water and I sat down on a log. He pulled up his pant leg and examined the red teeth marks left by the fox. He touched the skin gently and looked over at me. “I’d hate to take those rabies shots? I hear they hurt real bad.”
Before I could say anything I heard a noise behind me that sounded like somebody scraping mud off a shoe with the blade of a knife. Someone cleared his throat and I froze.

Photo George Wesley Lyle – Retired KC Star Reporter

Chapter Six

I turned my head slowly, and there stood the Conner brothers—staring at us with raised eyebrows as if they thought we might be people from outer space. I recognized them from a picture in the newspaper a few years back taken at the time they were arrested for making illegal whiskey, commonly called moonshine or white lightning. It’s a fiery clear liquid distilled from cooking corn mash in a copper kettle. It is so powerful some who have drunk it reported seeing a flash of light as it slid down their throats and came to rest in their bellies.
The biggest Conner brother cradled the stock of a Winchester 97 pump shotgun up under his arm and pointed the muzzle barely above my head. Except for what looked like a piece of gristle about the size of an acorn, the littlest brother was missing his right ear.
I forced myself up off the log onto shaky legs when big brother pumped an empty red hull out onto the ground that came to rest in front of me. He chambered in a new shotgun shell and motioned for me to stand by raising the long dark barrel of the 12 gauge up in the air.
I glanced over at Dub, and from the expression on his face it looked as if his mind had gone on a vacation. His mouth hung open and he stared at me with vacant unfocused eyes.
Down in the holler on the east side of the ridge, a blue jay cried out a shrill warning. The little brother puckered up his lips and badly mocked the Bird’s high-pitched screeching sound.
Big brother laughed so hard a strap broke loose on his bib overalls and danced up and down. Still snickering, he took a couple of steps toward me and I backed away. He stopped, clasped his hands together, rested them on his big round belly, and continued to stare.
Little Brother took a final puff off a hand-rolled cigarette and threw the smoldering butt down, grinding it into the ground with the heel of his shoe.
I felt faint. I tried not to look scared by gritting my teeth and squinting my eyes.
I stared at a scabby-looking wart in the corner of big brother’s right eye, which was about the size of a blood-filled dog tick, and thought how strange it would be to have that thing flop up and down every time a person blinked.
The littlest brother looked at his big brother and said, “Well, Luke. What ya think ‘bout these here boys?”
“Don’t quite know,” he said, as he looked down his nose at me and scratched the back of his head. “Sure enough don’t.”
 Little Brother was a dwarf compared to his big brother Luke. However, he had a raw intimidating look that made him seem a lot more dangerous. In addition to the missing ear, the right side of his face and his forearm were covered with red welts, like the burns a person might get from being in a bad fire.
I heard the story a number of times about how he lost his ear, and every time I wished I could have been there. Bit off right down next to the side of his head by some other lunatic, in a fight at the beer joint in Lewiston one Saturday night was how it happened. Doc told me he could have sewed it back on, but Long Tooth Kelly swallowed it, so there was nothing left for him to stitch. I remembered when Doc told me the story how I thought it was funny at the time. I sure was not laughing anymore.
What I did not know was how Little Brother got burned so badly. I tried to imagine what dreadful thing could have happened, I thought first about a vat of scalding water. He could have fallen in while butchering a Hog. He may have been struck by lightning, or he could have been run over by the Devil driving a brimstone truck. Nothing less than something really terrible could have caused him to look so grotesque. Whatever it was must have been terribly painful.
“What’s y’uns business?” Luke mumbled through a wad of chewing tobacco the size of a walnut. “What ya’ lookin’ fer anyhow?”
 “We’re here because we’re headed for the river,” I said, and my voice quivered.
He waved the shotgun over my head and motioned for me to stop talking. He took a deep breath and squirted tobacco juice at a horsefly sitting on a rock at the water’s edge.
“Goin’ to camp at the Blue Hole,” I said, with a long slow drawl to make sure he knew we were locals and not a couple of innocent-looking ringers sent in by federal revenue agents to spy on their whiskey-making operation. “That’s all we’d be doin’. We’re from Lewiston. You know, right down the road.”
Little Brother hiked his foot up on a log and pulled a long-bladed hunting knife from a sheath strapped to his waist. When he feathered the edge of the blade with his thumb, I figured he was testing it, getting ready to cut my throat. I looked at Dub and he groaned. Then, much to my surprise, Little Brother picked up a stick from the ground and began to whittle.
“Who’d your kin be anyhow?” Little Brother asked, after he peeled off some shavings.
I did not answer right away because I was so startled by the sight of his raw and bleeding bare leg. The gruesome sight caused the cogs in my mind to make a complete stop. The wrinkled-up skin looked like the hide on the back of a bullfrog. His foot was wrapped, mummy-like, in a dirty white flour sack and tied at the top with a rawhide strap. I gritted my teeth when I thought about the pain he must have suffered. I wondered what else happened to him I did not know about or could not see.
For the longest time it was as if the four of us had turned into statues. Dub and I stared at the Conner brothers, and the two of them stared back. As if Dub had been poked with an electric cattle prod, he leaped up in the air and yelled, “We’re the Benson boys, that’s who. You hurt us, you’ll have the whole town after ya.”
He startled me so badly I jerked my head around and fell over backwards when I caught the heel of my shoe on the edge of a rock. Luke grunted and smiled. Little Brother nodded his head and said, “Well, ain’t that some wad of spit.”
Dub was on a roll. He looked at them mean-like with a puckered-up mouth and doubled up his fist as if he were ready to fight. “We’re wastin’ daylight,” he said with a bitter sound to his voice. “We’ve got work at the river. Let’s get goin’ while the goin’s good.”
My stomach tightened. My mouth was dry. I wondered if I would hear the blast from the shotgun before the pellets tore off my head. The worst thing was, I knew this was real, unlike what happened to me at Buzzard’s place when I saw a ghost in the mirror and thought it was actually him. It was all I could do to keep my legs from folding up underneath me.
When nothing happened, I looked at Little Brother and to my surprise; he had a twinkle in his eye and seemed to have become friendly. He looked over at Luke and cocked his head to one side. “Ol’ man Benson be their Grandpap.”
Luke grunted and broke out in wide-mouthed grin. When Little Brother laughed, as best I could count, they were only one short of having half dozen jagged-edged, yellowed, tobacco-stained teeth between the two of them.
I slapped Dub on the shoulder and we laughed. It felt better than anything I had done in many a day.
I smiled. “That’s our Grandpa all right. Tom Benson.”
There was no doubt I said the right thing when Luke threw his arms in the air and bellowed, “Bless his gol dang soul.”
We’ve got to get shed of these two, I thought. From what Dad said, their cabin was only about fifteen minutes down the trail past the spring. I hoped they would go back up on Fox Ridge to tend to their still when we headed out again for the river. I could check it out for any sign of Doc in about two minutes and we would be on our way.
“We’d like to stay longer. Need to get goin’. Got to make the river before dark.” I hoped they would let me get by with giving them the rush without trying to keep us hanging around so they could talk about old times, something that would be interesting another day.
“You’uns scoot on, then,” Little Brother said, as he pointed down the trail with his red cedar walking stick, the handle of which was carved into the shape of a donkey head with its ears laid back.
Not wasting any time, Dub jumped up and shouted, “Let’s go.”
Following his lead, I grabbed my pack, picked up the rifle and we hurried away.
“You’uns Grandpap saved my life,” Little Brother shouted. “Him an’ Doc Barnes. The two of ‘em pulled me from a barn fire. I’m beholden to ‘em ‘til I die.”
“No way they would hurt Doc. Him saving Little Brother’s life an’ all.”
I stepped up the pace. “I’m not taking anything for granted. I don’t care how they feel right now. Fill ‘em full of whiskey, they can get plumb crazy and mean.”
I waved back over my shoulder at Little Brother. “I should’ve showed ‘em Doc’s hat. Or at least asked if they knew he was missing.”
“What for?”
“I could have told a lot by the look in their eyes. Maybe I should go back.”
“No way. You’re thinkin’ crazy. Anyhow, we’re in a race with time. No more messing around.”
“You’re right,” I said, thinking how in a few minutes I would walk into the brothers’ cabin to look for Doc, and I wished Doodle was with me. He was not afraid of anything, even snakes.
“How far is it to the river now?”
“Half-mile or so.” I wished once again I had listened to Mom.
Rat-tat. Rat-tat-tat. A redheaded wood hen was hammering on a mulberry tree up in front of us. When we walked up within a hundred yards of the Bird it flew back behind us.
“Boom.” Seconds later the roar of a shotgun blast echoed down the holler and we turned around for a look.
A blue jay cried again from the deep woods. A chipmunk scurried across the trail. A gust of wind rustled the leaves in the tops of the trees and then there was a deathly silence.
“Why would they shoot a wood hen?”
“Eat it, I guess.” I pointed up into the sky at a bunch of turkey buzzards circling overhead. “Those two have probably eaten about everything, except one of those.”
“I don’t care what they have or haven’t eaten. I want to make the river before the sun goes down.” When I did not say anything, he grabbed my arm. “We won’t make it before dark, will we, Tommy?”
“We sure won’t if we don’t move along.” I jerked my arm out of his grasp and headed down the trail again.
We covered a lot of ground in about fifteen minutes, walking down a rocky narrow trail through a thick forest of leafy oak trees and tall pines in the scorching heat. As if a twister touched down and sucked the area clean, we stepped out into a ten-acre clearing. About a hundred yards in front of us was the Conner brothers’ cabin, or what was left of it. Except for a standing rock chimney, the place had burned to the ground.
I dropped my pack and stared at the charred remains, wondering why the brothers did not mention the fire, knowing for sure we would see it as we walked past. 
“My gosh! What happened?”
“That’s where Luke and Little Brother used to live.” I looked over to the right of a fallen-down hay barn at a dried-up truck patch garden. Tassels drooped like wilted lettuce from the tops of corn stalks with brown leaves. Tomato vines were dried up and bare of fruit, and tall scraggly-looking weeds covered the ground.
A huge dead snapping turtle with a silver fishhook that stuck out the side of its mouth hung from the lower limb of a peach tree, its neck was stretched out a foot or more. A buzz of big green blowflies swarmed the carcass and the smell of rotted meat was so strong I breathed through my mouth to keep from throwing up. Even though I did not like snapping turtles because they ate so many fish, I could not help but feel sorry for what misery the poor thing must have gone through. Even though snappers are tough as about any of God’s creature gets. It would probably have taken two or three days for the thing to die in the blistering heat.
“Maybe there wasn’t a barn fire after all? Maybe this is how Little Brother got those scars.”
I looked at him and frowned. Before he said that, I was convinced Little Brother and Luke had nothing to do with Doc’s disappearance. They could have burned the cabin down with Doc inside, I thought.
“I’ve got to look around. It won’t take but a couple of minutes. Keep an eye out for me. Okay?”
Dub looked over his shoulder down the trail. “Please, Tommy. Let’s go. What if they walk up on us? They wouldn’t take kindly to us snoopin’.”
“They’re lots of years old.”
“What’s old?”
“Little Brother’s scars are old. This place burned down no more than a day or two ago.”
“How do you know?”
“I can smell burnt wood. Look at that tree.” I pointed at the blackened limbs of a hickory nut tree as further proof. The leaves were charred on one side where the fire was the hottest, on the other side they were still green. I knew I was right about the scars on Little Brother’s face and forearm, I was not so sure about his bloody leg and foot. Those looked more like fresh injuries, not that it mattered.
“You’re probably right about the scars. I can’t imagine how much it would hurt.”
I hunched my shoulders and walked away. “I’ve got to make sure there’re no bones in the ashes. Then we’ll be gone.”
“I bet they’re watching us right now,” Dub sounded as if he was about to jump out of his skin. “Where else are you going to look?”
You mean if we get out of here alive, I started to say. Instead, I threw my hands in the air and walked toward the burned-out cabin. I cautiously stepped over the top of the blackened rock foundation and stood inside where the wall of the kitchen area used to be. I turned over a crumpled-up metal table and jumped backwards when a big brown rat scurried off into the woods out through what used to be the front door. I picked up an ear of corn the rat was eating on and threw it after him. The ear bounced off of a wooden chicken coop that was leaned up against a Hog rendering vat.
I froze when I looked in the northeast corner of the cabin and saw something white sticking up out of the ashes. I swallowed deeply as I walked toward what looked like the end of a hipbone sticking up out of the ruins. I wanted to turn and run away, but I forced myself to go on. I squatted down for a closer look, blew away some of the ashes and sighed.
“Pick up your pack!” I jumped up and started Dub’s way. “I’m ready to go.”
“What was it?”
“The fire melted two coffee cups together.” I felt silly for being so jumpy. “Sure looked like a hip bone at first.”
Dub looked at me and groaned. “You scare me half-to-death about every ten minutes. What in the world is comin’ next?”
I started to tell him about Leatherwood Cave, then decided to spare him that bit of news until it came time to go. Since I could not think of anything good to say, I started for the river again, full speed ahead. I knew, as I looked up ahead at the eerie shadows dancing across the trail, the next scare we got would be what might sneak up on us in the darkness. Being trapped in the deep woods after the sun went down, with the Conner brothers close behind and the ghost of Buzzard Thompson still dancing in my head, would be like spending the night in a cemetery chained to a tombstone. However bad it might be for me, I was sure it would top the list as being one of Dub’s greatest fears.
I glanced over my shoulder when I thought I heard something in the dense brush on my right. I thought about what Mom said as Dad pulled away from the house in the pickup truck to drive us up to the trail where we would start our walk to the Blue Hole. After her warning about us not going on the camping trip because of her premonition, she got in one last lick by shouting, “It’s the Devil at work makes a body throw caution to the wind.”


Chapter Seven

Neither of us said a word for the next ten minutes as we marched like a couple of foot soldiers on a mission in a race against time.
Dub finally broke the silence when he asked if the lantern was in his pack or mine.
“Yours.” I hoped I was right but did not know for sure.
“I’m glad you thought to put it in. I plumb forgot to pick it up.” When I did not say anything, he looked at me and frowned. “You did remember, didn’t you, Tommy?”
I swallowed deeply and threw my head back, knowing I may have made a serious mistake.
“Don’t worry about it. It’ll stay light for another fifteen minutes. Just keep on movin’.”
“Yeah. Just keep movin’. I can do that okay.” When Dub hurried around me to take the lead, he stepped on a loose rock and yelled, “Oh, damn. I twisted my ankle. It hurts.”
“Will you be okay?” I asked, as he hopped around in a circle, holding his hurt foot up in the air.
“I don’t know.” Dub limped over and plopped down on a log. “Will we get out alive, Tommy?”
If the situation were not so serious, I would have laughed at what I told him.
“Sure we will. This could be the last bad thing ever happens to us. Once we get to the river, we’ll be fine. Can you walk?”
Dub stood up and put weight down on his ankle. He gritted his teeth, grabbed the back of my pack to steady himself and we started down the trail once again.
The sun had gone down by the time we reached the top of the ridge. There was only a glimmer of light in the western sky. I knew we were close to the river when I heard the call of a whippoorwill. A Bat fluttered past and the crickets had started to sing. Darkness was closing in on us fast.
“You still think the Conner brothers could of killed Doc?” Dub asked nervously, in between groans as he hobbled along.
“I don’t know.” I did not want to think the worst about anything else. I had enough bothersome stuff on my mind: like stumbling around in the dark trying to put up the tent and reaching into a driftwood pile to gather firewood. Hopefully, I would not have to go inside of Leatherwood Cave. Like in my dreams, Doc would be out in front waiting for me.
“Maybe the Conner brothers drank too much of their own whiskey,” Dub said. “Doc said that’s what happened to Buzzard. Too much white lightning drove him crazy.”
“I don’t know. I guess they could have.” I wished he would stop talking for a while and leave me alone to try and think straight. “I don’t want to talk about Buzzard right now. Okay, Dub?”
“Okay. I don’t care. Buzzard’s probably dead anyway. The Conner brothers aren’t though.”
“Okay then, damn it, here’s what I think. If Little Brother told the truth about the barn fire, we’ll be all right. If not, we’ve got some serious trouble.”
“What’s that mean?” Dub asked.
“I mean he’d probably say anything to cover up for a murder.” I thought a lot of things about the Connors seemed pretty fishy: like us finding Doc’s bloodstained cap, and the pile of freshly cut brush hiding the main trail, like them not saying a word about the cabin burning down. On top of all that, they were lawbreakers and troublemakers and no one in his right mind would trust them for one second.
“Oh!” Dub stumbled over a dead limb lying in the path. “I can hardly see the ground. We need to dig out the lantern.” When I did not say anything, he got right up in my face. “We don’t have it, do we, Tommy? I bet it’s still at home.”
“It’s in one of the packs. Don’t worry. Once we get to the top of this ridge, we’ll dig it out.”
“I hope you’re tellin’ the truth,” Dub said. “I can’t spend the night in these dark woods. I’ll die if I do.”
He was right to be afraid, without the lantern we would be at the mercy of the Conner’s and every other dangerous night creature that roamed the woods. It had been a long time, like ten or fifteen years, but Uncle Ira killed a black bear and a mountain lion—both in the same year—only a couple of miles from where we were standing.
“We’re okay.” I remembered the lantern sitting by the front door before we packed our gear. I knew for sure I did not pick it up and since Dub said he didn’t either, I figured we could be in for a lot of misery. We were in too big of a hurry to get everything loaded into the truck so Dad could haul us away from the house before Mom changed her mind about us going on the camping trip.
I whirled around when I thought I heard a twig snap behind me. “Shh.” I shouldered the rifle and stared into the dark woods. I heard it again, only now it was off to my right. My heart was pounding so hard it felt as if it might jump out of my chest.
“Must have been the wind I heard.” I hunkered down and acted as if there was nothing wrong. “Let’s fire up the lantern before it gets any darker. Go on. Get it out of the pack.”
Dub stuttered. “Is it in your pack or mine?”
“I don’t remember.” I did not want to look myself and discover it was not there. “You look, okay.”
“Okay. I saw you put the kerosene in yours. Maybe the lantern’s there too.”
“Maybe. I hope so.” I looked back down the trail as the last of the shadows faded away and darkness moved in to cover the woods.
Dub untied the rope holding the top of the green canvas bag closed, reached inside, pulled out a faded blue cotton work shirt and a pair of jeans with one of the knees ripped out. He poked his finger though a burn hole in a ragged looking greenish brown army blanket as he dragged it out, looked up and gave me a nervous laugh and I groaned. The last items to appear from the bottom of the bag were a mason jar filled with kerosene, a small metal funnel and no lantern.
I pointed at the other pack, hoping against hope he would find it. “Open ‘er up. It’s got to be in there. Go ahead.”
Dub looked at me apprehensively. “We forgot the stupid lantern. Didn’t we, Tommy?”
Stupid was right, I remembered it sitting by the door. I did not pick it up because I had my hands full. I figured I would come back for it and I forgot. I am the one supposed to be responsible, I said to myself.
I kicked the ground and started to confess it was my fault. Just as I started to say something I heard Dub yell and throw his arms up in the air.
“Look, Tommy. Look what I found.”
I knew what happened the instant I saw the lantern. Dad picked it up and put it in the pack since he was the last one out of the house. How many times I heard him say the person responsible should double-check to make sure everything important was in its place?
I picked up the kerosene and walked over beside Dub, with the fuel for our light sloshing around in the glass jar, and told him to unscrew the cap.
Dub chuckled and sat the lantern down as we squatted down beside it and I slowly poured the fuel into the funnel until it overflowed the black bowl and ran down the side. “We’re in business now, Tommy. We’ll have us some light.”
He screwed the cap back on and pushed a metal lever down to raise the glass dome. I popped the head of a kitchen match on a rock and touched the flame to the wick. A soft yellow circle of light spread around us and a ray of hope flashed in Dub’s eyes.
“No! What did you do?”
Dub turned the setscrew the wrong direction, causing the wick to disappear and the flame to smother out.
Shaking my head, I walked away and moaned. “You’ve done us in for good. We’ll spend the night in the dark now.”
“I just wanted to raise the wick,” he whimpered. “Just wanted the fire to be brighter. I turned the screw the wrong way, I guess. Huh, Tommy?”
I pushed him away from the lantern, harder than I meant to and he fell over backwards onto the ground. “Don’t touch it anymore. You’ve done enough damage for one day.”
“I’m sorry. Really, really sorry.”
“I don’t see the wick,” I tried to force myself to calm down after I heard the loud sound of my voice echo in my ears. “I just hope I can get it back.”
“I hope you can get it back, too. Do you think you can? Have you ever done it before?”
I mounded up some dry leaves and a few sprigs of grass, struck another match on a rock and set the pile on fire. When the flames rose high enough to give off light. I saw the wick had not fallen down into the bowl, but was hung up under the metal lip. I borrowed Dub’s imitation Swiss army knife and dislodged the wick, using one of the four blades available. I turned the setscrew slowly to the right.
“You’ve got it!” Dub shouted. He slapped me on the back so hard the knife flew out of my hand.
I picked up a burning leaf and touched the flame to the kerosene-soaked wick. I saw a reflection of the shimmering light in Dub’s eyes. For the first time in a long while something had gone right, and I smiled.
Without saying another word, I threw the pack on my back, picked up the rifle with one hand, grabbed the lantern with the other and headed toward the river again. With each step, the lantern swayed back and forth, creating a circle of light that bit into the edge of darkness and cast long dark shadows onto the ground in front of me.
I took a deep breath and smiled to myself again. I could smell the damp sweet fragrance of Sycamore trees and river water waiting up ahead. It was a smell I would recognize anywhere.
“Hold up.” I saw something hanging from a tree in front of us. At first I thought it was a gunnysack with a ribbon tied around the top. I realized it was a doll that looked like a scarecrow, wearing a brown hunting shirt that looked like one of Doc’s. Not only that, the doll had curly black hair made out of twine. Doc had curly black hair too. I started to say something about the resemblance, but decided since Dub didn’t notice I would keep my mouth shut and spare him one more scary thing to think about.
“Why would someone do something like that?” Dub walked up beside me and pointed at a rope tied around the doll’s neck.
“I don’t know.” I looked over my shoulder, and listened closely when I thought I heard someone step on a twig again. I pulled back the bolt on the .22 to be ready if something jumped out at us. Sweat ran down my back as we stood there staring out into the darkness once again.
“Maybe the Conner’s hung the doll here to frighten us even more.”
I remembered what Dad always said about the leader not getting so scared they could not make a clear decision. “It’s okay. It’s probably a warning this is where the trail ends.”
How I wish that were the real reason, I thought. Deep down inside, I knew better.
“You’re probably right. I bet people have walked right off the edge before. You ever heard of it happening?” He picked up a rock and threw it over the edge of the bluff. We did not hear a splash and Dub looked at me. “Two hundred feet’s a long way down.”
“It sure is. You’d be dead from fright before you ever hit the bottom.” I held the lantern out in front of me to get a closer look. The knot tied around the doll’s neck was a hangman’s noose and a hatpin stuck out of its heart.
The only other thing I could think of, why someone might do such a thing, was Devil worship. Whether it was true or not, people claimed that Buzzard was into some kind of cult thing because he drank cow’s blood when the moon was full. Dad said it was some old home remedy that Buzzard thought helped make the voices go away when he got migraine headaches.
I did not say anything to Dub, but I knew we were at the spot where Uncle Ira’s dogs lost Buzzard’s scent after the killing, the place where the posse followed him to the edge of the cliff, and then he disappeared into thin air, like Doc did.
“That’s got to be it. The doll’s a warning for people not to go any further. Lucky for us, right, Tommy?”
I looked at him and shook my head. “Yeah. We’re lucky for sure. Come on, let’s go.”
I walked to the edge of the bluff and held the lantern out in front of me and looked down. It was scary to think how someone could be walking along one second and falling through the air to their death the next.
 Dub grabbed my arm and gave me a big jerk. “Come on, Tommy. You said let’s go, didn’t you?”
“Yeah, I did.” We continued to follow the trail until it started down toward the river. “Look out!” I skidded on loose gravel when I took my first step down the steep incline and plopped onto my butt. My arms flew up over my head and I almost threw the lantern over the edge.
“Watch out! You almost threw the lantern away.”
“Be careful. There’s loose gravel.” I took a couple of deep breaths, got up on my feet and started down again.
Dub grabbed a handful of my shirt and pulled backwards. “You’re hogging the light. I can’t even see the ground.”
“How’s that?” I held the lantern out to one side.   “Better. That’s some better. Not by much though.”
“Just take it easy, okay? We’ll be at the bottom of the trail before you know it. The Blue Hole is only ten minutes away.”
“You know what worries me more than anything right now? The thought of gathering firewood in the dark. Fact is, it makes my skin crawl to think about sticking my hand in a driftwood pile.”
“We’ve got no choice. Wild animals and snakes are afraid of fire. I want a big blaze tonight. Be careful, this is steep right here.” The path narrowed so we sat down and scoot along on our tail ends while holding onto tree branches, to keep from getting into a runaway situation and tumbling over the edge, smashing into the rocks below.
“You know something else I hope doesn’t happen? I hope there’re no bobcat fights. Remember last time they woke us up in the middle of the night, screamin’.”
“Oh, Lordy!” A rock broke loose and I grabbed a grapevine to keep from falling over the edge of the trail. Even though we were halfway down, falling a hundred feet or so, even if a person lucked out and landed in the water, would be sudden death.
Dub grabbed hold of my arm. “Be careful. What if something happened to you? What would I do?”
Dub talking about reaching into a driftwood pile made me think about my snakebite the last time I was at the river. I reached down and ran my fingers over the two jagged scars on the calf of my leg.
A hoot owl called from up on the ridge behind us and I stopped to listen until the lonesome sound faded away. I heard the old familiar high-pitched sound of chirping crickets and a bellowing bullfrog back in the slough.
“We’ll make a lot of noise and run those bobcats away. I’m goin’ upriver to Leatherwood Cave tomorrow. I hope you’ll go with me.”
“I don’t like caves, especially Leatherwood Cave. How many times do I have to tell you that?” Dub sounded put out with me that I would ask such a question. “I’d rather drink caster oil than go inside one, any day.”
“Neither of us will have to go inside—not if Doc’s where he’s supposed to be.”
“Oh yeah. Where’s Doc supposed to be?”
 “Out front on the big rock.” When I held the lantern up in front of Dub’s face he frowned and looked away.
At the same time Dub said we would see about it tomorrow, we stepped onto the gravel bar. I breathed a sigh of relief; we had arrived safe and sound.
Dub patted me on shoulder. “I never thought we’d make it. Nobody could have done a better job getting us here than you did.”
“Thanks, I thought the same thing myself.” We both laughed as we walked toward the river, and the sound of running water got louder with each step. Maybe we have seen the last of our troubles, I thought, hoping that tomorrow we might even find Doc. 


Chapter Eight

“We’re here!” The sound of Dub’s voice bounced off the bluff that towered over the Blue Hole, momentarily silencing the night creatures except for one bellowing bullfrog.
As the echo faded away and the symphony began again, we headed downriver toward our campsite. The sound of water splashing up against the big gray granite boulders in midstream, as we walked along the edge of the riffle, reminded me of the disastrous things that happened the last time we camped at the Blue Hole.
Not paying careful attention to what I was doing, I let the front end of the john-boat hit a rock, which caused us to turn sideways in the swift current, the boat filled with water and we tipped over. Dad lost his new rod and reel in the river and that was only the beginning of the worst to come before we broke camp two days later.
Dub sat too close to the big blaze and burned his foot. That happened on the first day at the Blue Hole. On the second day, Dub got a fishhook caught in his thumb and Doc had to cut off the barb and pull it out. Latter on, I started to climb over a driftwood pile and got myself bit by a couple of cottonmouths.
I do not know for sure that Doc saved my life that day, but him cutting my leg and sucking some of the poison out surely did seem to help. By the time he got to me I was sick at my stomach and so scared everything looked fuzzy. There was no doubt in my mind I was going blind. When I looked down and saw Doc laid the sharp blade of his pocketknife on my calf and the blood that ran down my leg as he cut through the skin, I passed out.
I swore at the time I would never come back to the Blue Hole again. Not only had I returned, I was the person responsible for a twelve-year-old kid. It was scary knowing there was no one to protect me.
My mouth was dry I could not even make spit. I tried to force myself to go a few steps closer, but my feet would not move. I turned away and walked out into the edge of the cool rushing water. I scooped up a handful and slurped down a drink. I splashed the rest in my face and rubbed the back of my neck with my wet hand. I took a deep breath and stepped out onto the gravel bar, knowing what I must do.
I held the lantern out in front of me and stared at a mound of sun-bleached limbs and dried leaves, piled up around the base of a Cottonwood tree from the spring flood. It was hard to believe it rained so much in March the river was out of its banks. Except for a few sprinkles, it had not rained since.
I wanted to run, but the sound of Doc’s voice inside of my head said, “Don’t do it, Tommy. Face your fears. You can get rid of the nightmares.”
“Oh boy,” I groaned, wishing Doc or Dad or Uncle Ira or even my friend Doodle were standing there too, not just Dub and I for sure.
“Is it still scary even after all this time?” Dub asked, as he walked up beside me and laid his hand on my shoulder.
“Oh!” I jumped to one side. “Don’t sneak up on me like that. Yes it’s still scary. What do you think anyhow?”
“I didn’t sneak up. My gosh! I’ve been here the whole time. You should know that.”
It felt as if my skin were on fire, like I was hit stinging hard with a switch—the way it was the day the snakes sank their fangs into me. I slammed the lantern down on the gravel bar and pulled up my pant leg. I bent down and looked at the two scars and could see them plainly even in the pale light.
“What are you doing?”
I picked up a rock about the size of a baseball and threw it hard as I could into the driftwood pile. “Get out of here.” I grabbed the lantern and ran toward the Blue Hole, gravel crunching loudly under my feet.
“Is it workin’?”
“Is what workin’?”
“What Doc said about facing your fears. Did it work or not?” When I did not say anything, Dub shouted at the top of his voice. “Yahoo! It’s workin’. No more nightmares.”
“I hope it works. I’m not sure I’m cured yet. We’ll have to wait and see.”
“I bet you will be before we leave here. Are you ready to set the traps now? The traps will warn us if something sneaks up on us. Critters will get tangled up in the fishin’ line and drag the tin cans around. That will make lots of noise.”
“I don’t care about a lot of noise. I want to pitch the tent first so we’ll have a place to hide if something comes after us. Just because a rabid fox is dragging a tin can around doesn’t mean you can’t get bit.”
“Okay, you’re right. Where do you want the tent put up?”
I pointed at a nice level spot close by a spring branch that ran from the mouth of the Blue Hole cave. “Pitch it right over there. I like to sleep where I can hear the sound of gurgling water as it runs over the rocks. That helps drown out the sound of the bellowing bullfrogs and the whippoorwills.” I wanted to turn in early and get a good night’s sleep, then head out the next morning for Leatherwood Cave.
“Yeah, I like the sound of water too. Maybe it will be loud enough I won’t hear the bobcats if they fight.”
I dropped my pack onto the gravel bar and plopped down on top of it. I looked up at the sky and thought about how glad I was we found the lantern and the fact we got out of the woods without being attacked and made it down off the bluff trail without falling over the edge. Even though there was still a lot that could go wrong, I felt more at ease than anytime since Dad let us out of the pickup and we started the hike to the river.
Dub walked over to the edge of the spring branch and squatted down to scoop up a handful of water. “Are you sorry we came?”
“I was earlier. I’m okay now.”
The cool dry air that poured from the mouth of the Blue Hole cave caused goose bumps on my arms. I pulled my sweat-soaked shirt away from my chest and my skin felt clammy. The breeze was nice after suffering from the heat all day.
“I’m feelin’ better than I have for a long time. I’m thinkin’ tomorrow being even better. We should sleep good tonight. I’m bone tired.”
“Yeah, we’ll sleep good all right. You know what though? We’d sleep even better if we took a swim. My skin feels sticky as flypaper. I’d like to wash the sweat away.”
I walked over to the edge of the rock ledge and looked out across the deep still water of the Blue Hole. “I’ll pass. It’s too dark and snaky-lookin’ for me. Go ahead if you want. I’ll watch.”
“I just might.”
I could not imagine what came over Dub. Surely he had not forgotten about what happened to Buzzard’s oldest boy, Will, the night he dived into the Blue Hole and never came back up. Maybe he did not know the story since it happened long ago. I started to say something and then figured there was enough scary stuff around already.
I walked over by the spring branch and held the lantern out in front of me so I could get a better look upstream.
“Doc and Dad was sittin’ on top of that dam the day I got snakebit,” I said, “dangling their feet in the cool water. Not a care in the world.” “Yeah, I remember like it was yesterday. When you screamed they jumped off the dam and ran down the gravel bar like a couple of racehorses. You pretty much ruined everybody’s day.”
“Yeah, well it was no picnic for me either.” I thought how weird it was that just Dub and I returned to the Blue Hole. I always figured when I came back, a lot of people I trusted would be along, Dad and Doc and Uncle Ira and maybe even Doodle, too.
I walked up the spring branch, and stopped when I reached the crumbling concrete dam that stretched from one side of the ravine to the other.
“You know the story about this dam? What happened to old man Madison and his sons?”
“No and I don’t care to either.”
“Why not?”
“Let’s set up the tent. Get a fire goin’. Set the traps. Get everything ready so when we get sleepy, we can go to bed.”
“You will care.” I waited for him to ask why, but he didn’t play my game. “You’ll care when I tell you the way they died. Fact is, it could save your life.” I took a couple of steps toward Dub so I could see the expression on his face.
He turned away from the light. “Come on, let’s set up the tent.”
“We will in a couple of minutes, just calm down, okay? It won’t get any darker than it is right now. Fact is, it’ll be light as day when the moon comes up.”
“Yeah, I guess.” He sounded disgusted. “Just don’t be tryin’ to scare me.” I went ahead with the story, figuring he would be interested once I got into the good parts.
“The Madison’s dammed up the spring branch because they wanted to put in a water wheel. The wheel would have turned a big grinding stone and crushed corn into meal.”
“Come on, Tommy. You can’t grow corn around here. There’s nothin’ but hills an’ hollers an’ bluffs.” “That’s true. They planned to float corn downriver on barge boats from Rocky Ford. They’d mill it here at the Blue Hole, float the cornmeal on down to Lewiston, put it on a wagon and haul it to the county seat at Ashbury, then ship it by rail from there to big cities like St. Louis and Little Rock.”
Dub grunted and shook his head. “Sounds like a wild idea to me. Who told that story anyway? Uncle Ira?”
“It was a wild idea. Especially way back around 1890. Uncle Ira said it would probably have worked, though, except for one thing. A month or so after they built the dam, all three of them up and died.”
“They died! What happened?”
I started to tell him, but I was distracted by something on the ridge across the river. At first, I thought someone set a tree on fire. It was dry enough that a cedar or a pine tree would blaze up like an inferno. Maybe it’s the Conner brothers, I thought. Then I realized what I saw was a circle of light shining straight down from the sky making a spot on the ground eight or ten feet around. Seconds later a dark puff of smoke came up from the earth and standing in the center of the beam was an old man with a long white beard. He looked up at the sky and waved his hands back and forth as if he were trying to get someone’s attention.
I started to say something but I could not speak. “What in the world is that?”
Dub smiled at me and nodded his head, but he wouldn’t look around. “Come on, Tommy. That trick’s as old as dirt.”
“Really, Dub. I’m serious. You’ve got to look.”
“You’re good all right. You look like you’ve seen a ghost. Your lips are even trembling. You sound scared too.” Dub laughed, but all I could do was stare with my mouth open and the longer I looked, the more I was convinced it was not just my imagination.
“It must be the ghost of old man Madison. What in the world else could it be?”
When I said that, Dub turned around quickly and looked toward the ridge, and at the same instant, the old man and the light disappeared.
Dub threw his hands up in the air. “Come on, Tommy. You said yourself there was enough scary stuff around. Quit messin’ around.”
I guess I was wrong about our troubles being over, I said to myself, as I took a deep breath and looked up in the sky.
“Are you all right?” Dub asked, as I continued to look up at the sky without saying a word.
“Yeah,” I said finally. “Yeah, I’m all right.”
“So what happened to the Madison’s?”
“Who?” I wondered if what I saw could be the same thing that caused Doc’s hounds to run back to camp one night when we were fox hunting. Even though we did not see the old man, there was a beam of light in the sky. Doc said he thought it was a shooting star, but maybe not.
“Come on. You know who I’m talkin’ about. The Madison’s. You said they all died. What happened?”
“It was tick fever.” I wished I could talk to Doc. He was the only one I knew that would not think I was crazy when I said I killed the ghost of Buzzard Thompson and saw an old man standing in a beam of light. “You should check yourself good before you go to bed.”
Dub looked down at his arms. “Are you serious?”
“I’m serious.” I took a couple of steps forward and stared into the darkness at the ridge across the river. “That’s why I told the story. It might save your life.”
“I hope you’re not just being mean, telling me about people dying from tick bites and playing like you’ve seen a ghost.”
I held the lantern up high so he could see my face clearly. “There’s enough scary stuff around already. I wouldn’t make up something else to spook you.”
“All right. Just so you’re not messin’ around.”
I held up two fingers and gave him the scout’s honor sign. “All I’m sayin’ is it looks real good for ticks in places where the sun don’t shine.”
Dub kicked the ground. “What good will it do if I’ve already been bit?”
“None. That’s why I said you need to check yourself before you go to bed. Catch the little brown creatures while they’re still crawling around. Once they bury their head under your skin, it’s too late.”
“Darn you, Tommy. I hated that story—true or not.”
I swiped my finger back and forth across my chest. “You know if I cross my heart it’s true. Uncle Ira figured Mother Nature caused it to happen. He said the Madison’s shouldn’t have dammed up the spring in the first place. You know how he is about that kind of stuff.”
I knew I was rambling on but I could not help myself. It was as if my nerves had shifted into high gear as more and more weird stuff happened. As if I did not have enough other things to worry about, there was the old man I saw standing in a beam of light that disappeared into thin air. I wondered how long I would be able to play the part of a brave bigger brother. I should have listened to Mom’s warning. If I survived long enough for there to be a next time, you can bet I would.
I tried to psych myself up by thinking how good I would feel when I saw Doc at Leatherwood Cave the next day. I thought about him saying I was my own worst enemy and how I could survive anything if I did not weaken. “If nothing else bad happens,” I mumbled, “I’ll be okay.”
“What did you say?”
“Nothing. I was thinking about something Uncle Ira said, that’s all.”
“Yeah, me too. Uncle Ira tells some pretty tall stories sometimes. Don’t you think? I’m not saying anything bad about him, okay?”
“That’s what storytellers do. So do you. So do I. So does everyone.”
“I’m tired of talkin’ about all this spooky stuff. Let’s set up the tent, or get some firewood, or set the traps, or do something. I’ve had enough of just hearing my head rattle.”
I snatched a lightning bug that was flashing its tail in front of my face out of the air, and watched it crawl around in my hand for a few seconds until it flew away. “We can do all that stuff. If we’re smart, we’ll wait for the moon to come up. We’ll be able to see what we’re doin’ a lot better.”
“You’re right,” Dub said, as he turned around and looked toward the ridge again. “A full moon makes a lot of light.”
“It will be almost as light as day.” I looked up at hundreds of brightly lit stars that poked through the darkness in a cloudless sky. It dawned on me that the more I talked, the safer I felt. So I rambled on into another story. “I’m sure you remember what happened to Ben Johnson—the guy who got his butt fried.” Dub looked at me as if I was talking to him in another language. “I thought you was in the Pool Hall when Uncle Ira told that story too.”
“Wait a second. You mean that old drunk guy with a crippled leg? The one who talked to himself a lot? The way I’ve noticed you starting to do.”
“Yeah. That’s the guy all right. Mind you, he wasn’t like that before he got struck by lightning.”
“Oh, brother. This should be a good one. Go on with the story.”
“He was using dynamite to kill fish when a storm came up. A bolt of lightning zapped him and about electrified him to death. Uncle Ira said it was Mother Nature’s way of paying him back for what he done. You know how he hates poachers.”
“Don’t say another word about Ben Johnson. Nothing about the Madison’s dying either. Don’t tell me there’s an old man on the ridge standing in a beam of light. I don’t care about any of those things. You’re just talkin’ to be talkin’. I’m starting to think there’s something wrong with you.”
“Hold on a second. I want to check something out. I won’t say another word.” I walked forward and held the lantern out in front of me so I could get a closer look. “The Madison’s sure built a nice dam before they died.” Taking my time, I examined the ten-foot-tall structure, with two-foot-thick walls which ran forty feet across the spring branch from bank to bank. It held back a deep pool of water so cold it would take your breath away, if you were crazy enough to take the icy plunge. Which usually would only happen on a dare and then only once.
Except for a little crumbling concrete along the top, and half dozen cracks at the base, the fifty- year-old moss-covered dam seemed to be in good shape.
Dub walked up and hunkered down beside me. “Is this the biggest spring on the Oak River?”
“Yeah, it is.” I looked at the rope swing dangling from a branch of the big Sycamore tree growing at the mouth of the spring. “Biggest spring along the entire sixty-mile stretch. It’s only runnin’ about half-normal right now. Too much dry weather.”
Even during the dog days of August when the rest of the river felt warm as bathwater, the Blue Hole stayed the same temperature. A combination of the big spring running into the deep hole of water and the pool being shaded from the direct heat of the sun until midmorning by a towering rock bluff kept the water cool.
Uncle Ira said Mother Nature designed the Blue Hole after every boy’s dream of the perfect place to swim. Everyone who saw it agreed he was one hundred percent right.
“Are you going to jump from the high ledge tomorrow?” Dub asked, knowing full well what I would say.
“I sure am.” I knew exactly what he would come back with when I asked him the same question.
Dub never jumped from the high ledge, even though he had climbed up with the best of intentions half dozen times. There was a good reason for him not taking the leap: fear.
“You know something? The climb up isn’t bad because you hug the face of the bluff. You just ease along, makin’ sure your fingers and toes have a good grip. You know what scares me after I get to the top?”
“Is it the spot where you reach the high ledge?” I figured it was where he dragged himself up over the edge of the rock ledge that stuck out two or three feet from the face of the bluff, the ledge a jumper would stand up on and leap from into the water.
“No. That’s scary all right, climbing up over the edge of that rock with your feet dangling down. What makes me tremble inside is when I look down. Fifty foot looks more like five hundred when you’re standin’ there looking down at the water.”
“That’s worst for everybody.” I remembered how I froze up there one day for what seemed like an hour. I could not force myself to jump and I was afraid to climb back down. My friend Doodle finally got me to jump by calling me a double chicken.
“I get afraid thinking I might land wrong. What if I turn over in midair? What if I hit flat on my back? I’d knock myself out and drown. Or, what if I slip on the edge of the rock ledge? I might scrape my bare back along the face of the bluff on the way down. I could rip off the back of my head.”
Dub got so worked up thinking about how he could injure himself he was talking twice as fast as normal. Considering the way things had been so spooky on the trip, it did not seem like a very good idea for either of us to take any unnecessary chances.
“You know the worst thing of all?”
“What’s that?” I figured whatever it was it must be a real doozy.
“My worst thing would be to hit my head on the ledge below where it sticks out a couple feet. That happened to Red Lewis, remember? He smacked into it and about knocked his head off.”
“I know what you mean. I’ve stood up there many a time wondering what in the world I was doing. You know what I do when that happens?”
“No, what?”
“I take a deep breath and close my eyes. Then I play like I’m jumpin’ up into the back of the pickup truck. That way I leap three or four feet out from the face of the bluff and clear the ledge.”
“Wow, that might work for me. I’ll try it tomorrow.” Dub sounded as if he made one of the world’s greatest discoveries. Even though when it came time to make the leap he probably would not remember anything we talked about.
“It’s a scary thing to do. You don’t have to do it. Heck, even Doodle has to force himself to jump off and he’s one of the bravest kids I know.”
I looked across the river again and like another bad dream, the old man was back, standing there staring at me. He waved his arms in the air as if he was signaling for me to come see him.
I started to say something to Dub about what was going on, but I changed my mind when he said, “All this talk about the Madison’s and Red hitting the ledge—it’s got me a little scared. Let’s get some wood and get a fire goin’. We’ll set the tent up later.”
“No way. I’m not pokin’ around in the dark looking for wood. Wait until the moon comes up. There’ll be plenty of light to do everything.”
Dub walked over and grabbed the lantern out of my hand. “I’m havin’ a fire. You can go with me, or not. What’s the matter with you anyway? You know a fire will scare the snakes and animals away.”
I could not believe he was walking away. I thought he would chicken out when I did not follow. I was wrong.
Something behind me sounded like the snap of a twig. Upstream toward Leatherwood Cave, I heard a bobcat scream. I looked across the river again where the old man had been. I shivered.
“Hold up, Dub.” I jumped up and headed after him. “You’ll need me to help carry the wood.” 


Chapter Nine

“I thought you didn’t want to help,” Dub said, as he picked up the pace.
I took a couple of quick steps and walked up beside him. “I couldn’t let you go by yourself. I wanted to see how brave you would be.”
“I showed you, I guess.” Dub sounded a little too cocky for his own good.
“We’ll make a lot of noise and throw some rocks. That should scare the snakes away.”
“Good idea. Take the lantern. You walk in front, you’re bigger and you’ll make more noise.”
I grabbed the handle and stepped out in the lead. “Get goin’ snakes. Get the heck out of here.” Holding the lantern out in front of me, I stomped along, making the gravel crunch loudly under my feet. “Make all the noise you can.” I looked back over my shoulder and Dub grinned.
“Go on snakes. Get away ya slimy devils.”
We walked down the gravel bar for a couple hundred feet until we reached a big driftwood pile, and stopped when we were about fifteen feet away. I could not believe I was thinking about gathering wood from the same place where I got snake bit, as I stared at the tangled mess of limbs and dried leaves. My heart was pounding like a thrashing machine. Tommy, I said to myself, if you have any sense, you will turn around and run.
“Are you scared, Tommy?” Dub grabbed the lantern and held it up so he could see my face. When I did not answer, he handed the lantern back to me. “Remember what Doc told you. You’ve got to do this to stop the nightmares.”
“You’re right. He said I should stand in front of the driftwood pile until my knees stop shakin’.”
“Have they quit yet?”
“I’m not sure. My whole body feels numb. I’m as ready to face my fears as I’ll ever be.”
I could not believe how Dub took charge. Not my friend Doodle, or Dad or anyone else could have forced me to do what I was doing. For sure I would never have done it on my own.
Dub picked up a rock about the size of a softball and heaved it into the driftwood pile, and nothing moved. He took a couple of steps forward and I followed close behind.
“You doin’ okay?” he asked.
I patted him on the shoulder, reached down and picked up a limb the size of a baseball bat and threw it as hard as I could. With a loud thud, it stuck in a tangle of grapevines wrapped around a rail from an old fence that washed downriver from a farm upstream.
Dub bravely walked up to within wood-picking range and stopped in front of the snaky-looking pile of debris. I walked up beside him and we looked at one another, but neither of us made a move to grab the first piece of wood.
“You want me to go first?” Before I could say anything he reached down and jerked out a good- sized limb. He laughed nervously as he tossed it over his shoulder onto the gravel bar.
“My gosh.” Before I had time to even think about the brave thing Dub did, he reached in again and pulled out a pine knot.
“Firewood!” He held a big knot, the size of a small watermelon, above his head with both hands as if it were a trophy he won.
For a moment I was able to relax, thinking how Doc was right about me facing my fears. Then the thing I was most afraid of all along happened.
Dub yelled, turned around quickly and threw the pine knot up in the air. He got tangled up in his own feet and to save himself, he grabbed hold of my arm and pushed me backwards. I tripped over a rock and fell to the ground, knocking over the lantern. Kerosene splashed up from the bowl, wetted the wick and the flame went out.
“Snake!” I scrambled to my feet and ran head-on into Dub’s chest, knocking him down.
“Stop, Tommy. Stop. It was a stupid frog.”
“A frog. How do you know?” I asked, as I reached out to help him up.
“Err…err…didn’t you hear that noise? That’s the sound of a tree frog. It wet on my leg when it jumped over my foot. Snakes don’t wet on your leg.”
“I heard a noise all right. I thought it was you. I about had a heart attack.”
“Sorry I pushed you down. It must have been awful being so close to the driftwood pile. You sure did some scramblin’ to get back up.”
“I wet my pants.”
Dub snickered. “Did you really?”
“I only told you because I’m so happy to be alive. If you tell anyone, I’ll be mad forever.”
Dub giggled. “Don’t worry. You know a lot worse stuff than that about me.”
We walked back to where the lantern lay on its side and I caught a whiff of the oily-smelling fuel. “I wonder how much kerosene leaked out.” I sat the lantern upright, pushed down on the metal lever that raised the glass dome. I pulled a wooden kitchen match from my pocket, popped the head on a rock, fired up the wick and once again there was light.
Standing in front of the driftwood pile once again, I picked up a rock and bounced it off a good- sized log. I watched closely, but nothing moved.
Dub wound up his arm like someone about to pitch a baseball and threw a rock that completely missed the woodpile, and we both laughed.
“Nice shot.” The rock skittered across the gravel bar and sparks flew.
“I missed on purpose.”
“Sure you did.” I grabbed a handful of gravel and showered the driftwood pile with pebbles that sounded like rain falling on a tin roof.
“All right, we’ve created enough ruckus. It’s your turn to pull out a piece of wood.”
“Okay, I will.” I leaned forward. “Go on killers. Get away.”
As the echo of my voice faded away downriver, I grabbed the trunk of a cedar tree that had been jerked from the ground by powerful raging water and dropped it at my feet. When Dub followed my lead and pulled out another pine knot, I jerked free a couple of nice straight poles we could use to hold up each end of the tent. After gathering up big armloads of wood, we headed for camp.
“I’ll start a fire, we’ll pitch the tent and set some traps,” I said as we walked into camp and I dropped my wood on the gravel bar.
I mounded up a handful of dried leaves, laid on some small twigs, struck a match and started a fire. Once a good blaze was going, I laid on half dozen larger sticks and limbs. When the flames began to shoot up, I laid a pine knot in the center of the dancing red and yellow flames and I had the beginning of a roaring campfire.
Dub stripped a handful of dry brown needles from a pine tree branch and tossed them into the fire. They crackled and popped, bursting into flame instantly. “It feels a lot safer when you have a fire, doesn’t it?”
Dub picked up the tent, carried it over close to the spring branch and unrolled it, ready to be set up. I looked over at him and smiled. “You know where Dad got the tent, don’t you?”
“No, where?”
“Remember when Buzzard moved his family from town to the country? The time he sold most of his stuff because he thought the world was coming to an end?”
“Yeah, I remember. I was about six or seven years old. Dad bought me a wooden train for a nickel.”
“Dad got the tent at Buzzard’s sale. Nobody’s slept in it since.”
“Why did you bring that up? I’d forgotten about it. I won’t sleep in the same spot where a killer’s slept.”
I threw my head back and laughed. “No problem. I’ll lie in the spot where Buzzard slept. You can take the other side.”
Dub looked away and kept on working. I was glad to see him taking the initiative without my having to tell him what to do. He thought I was being bossy when I did, so we usually ended up in an argument.
“We’ll need to tie the support ropes to some big rocks,” I said. “Tent stakes won’t hold in the gravel.”
Dub spread the tent out flat, picked up the two support poles I pulled out of the driftwood pile and he crawled inside.
“Hurry up, will you. I can’t stay in here long, it’s too hot.” When I did not say anything, he shouted, “Did you hear me or not?”
“Hold on.” I walked around the gravel bar and picked up some big rocks, throwing them over beside the tent.
“Come on, Tommy. It’s got to be 100 degrees.”
“I didn’t tell you to crawl inside the tent yet. Get your butt back outside and cool down. You can help me tie on these rocks.”
I used the same sharp tone of voice he did with me. He did exactly what I figured he would, which was nothing. I could see the sweat pouring down his face as the stubborn little rat sat inside the tent, cheeks puffed up like a big frog.
After I tied one rock on each corner, Dub raised the two support poles, threw the flaps to one side and scrambled out the front of the tent on his hands and knees.
“It smells like an outhouse in there.” He wiped his sweaty face with the tail of his shirt.
I laughed. “That’s the way old Buzzard smelled. He only took a bath during a full moon. I hope it doesn’t rub off on you and you smell like that forever.”
“The smell doesn’t matter much I guess.” Thick white smoke curled up toward the sky. “I bet you’re glad we got all the wood now, aren’t you?”
“You were right about the fire.” I looked at the Blue Hole and saw a reflection of the flames on the quiet surface of the water.
“That pine knot should burn for a long time.” Dub walked over close to the fire and sat down on a log.
“What are you thinkin’ about?” I asked, after Dub sat for a good long spell staring into the fire without saying another word.
“Everything and not much of nothin’.” Dub picked up a stick and poked at the fire, causing sparks to shoot up into the air. “What I was thinking about was I hope you find Doc tomorrow.”
“Things will never be the same for me again if I don’t. Not never in my whole entire life.”
“Yeah, I know.” Dub poked the fire again. “You know the fight I got into with Leon Wilson?”   “You mean the argument y’all had about a softball game?”
“It wasn’t about a softball game. It was because of what Leon said about you shooting Doc.”
“Don’t pay any attention to people. It was an accident, pure and simple. It won’t matter what anyone says if we find Doc tomorrow. I hope you come along with me to Leatherwood Cave.”
We’ll see about it, come mornin’.” Dub changed the subject. “Remember Dad tellin’ about him and Uncle Ira camping here one time when they didn’t bring a tent?”
“I remember something about it. I’m not for sure what happened. Go on and tell it again.”
“They didn’t bring a tent because they wanted to sleep out under the stars. The first thing that happened was the mosquitoes swarmed them by the hundreds. In the middle of the night a big storm came up. They got pounded by hail the size of hickory nuts. As they ran for the Blue Hole cave, a bolt of lightning struck the Sycamore tree and set it on fire.” Dub pointed at the big Sycamore with the rope swing hanging down.
“That would be one scary night on the river. I wondered what caused the big scar on the bluff side of the tree. Lightning must be as hot as the sun to catch a live tree on fire.”
“Dad said it was one of the worst nights of his life.”
“I can’t believe I never heard that story before.” I wondered if Dub might not have gotten some of the details mixed up.
I looked at the ridge across the river, half expecting to see the old man again, but the only thing going on was the flashing yellow tails of half dozen fireflies.
“If I do go to Leatherwood Cave with you tomorrow, I won’t go inside. Don’t try to talk me into it either.”
“I hope neither one of us has to go inside. We won’t if Doc’s out front sitting on the rock.”
“I sure hope he is, for the sake of everybody.”
“It’s coolin’ off fast.” A breeze blew a gust of cool air from the mouth of the Blue Hole cave. “Everything will be wet from the dew pretty soon.” I walked over and sat down on a big rock directly across from Dub and looked at him through the dancing flames. The shimmering heat waves distorted his face and he looked as wrinkled as if he were an old man.
“What are you looking at?” Dub leaned to one side for a better view and stared at me.
“Just thinkin’ about what I will do when I get out of school. I don’t know if I want to stay around here for the rest of my life. Maybe I’ll go get a job in the city.”
“I’ll never move away from Lewiston. I like it here just fine. Where else would you find a swimming hole like this and what about the good fishin’ holes?”
“This time next year I may be living in Little Rock or St. Louis. I haven’t decided what I’m goin’ to do yet.”
“There sure would be a lot of people miss you if you moved away.”
In one way it was hard to imagine going someplace to live where I did not know a soul. Being surrounded every day by blacktop and concrete and horns honking. It would take some time to get used to the loud noise. People always seemed to be in a hurry and dressed up a lot in suits. There was no river to fish in and the only place to swim was a crowded concrete pool.
“I’m not going to think about it anymore right now. Next year’s a long time off.” I looked up when a gust of wind rustled the leaves on the Sycamore tree behind me. “Wouldn’t it be something if it rained!” I licked my finger and held it up in the air to check the wind, which seemed to be coming from a westerly direction.
“It would sure make a lot of folks happy if it rained. What’s it been, three months since it’s dribbled a drop?” I turned around when Dub pointed up above my head, and peeking at me over the top of the bluff was a thin white sliver of the moon. “Look at what’s sneaking up on us.” Dub watched the milky white ball slowly rise up into the clear sky like a stalking cat.
“It won’t be long now until there’ll be a lot more light.” I pointed across the river at the tops of the trees, which were covered in a white blanket.
I poked the fire a couple of times and red sparks shot up and disappeared into the night.
“I hope you don’t turn into a werewolf tonight.” I laughed and made even more sparks fly.
“I’d turn into a Bat if anything. I’ll try to be gentle when I bury my fangs into your neck, Tommy.”
“Are you up for hearing a scary story? Or have you been scared too much already?”
“Nothing’s ever too scary for me. Go on ahead. You’ll probably scare yourself more than you do me. I bet its one Uncle Ira told, isn’t it? He can spin some pretty wild tales. I’m not sure they’re always true.”
“Sometimes his stories are wild, you’re right. He doesn’t ever tell a lie.” I knew Dub was right about Uncle Ira stretching the truth a little on occasions.
“I don’t mean he tells lies. I didn’t say he did either. He does make stuff up sometimes though and you know it.”
“That’s okay if he makes some stuff up. Like I said before, storytellers can do that so long as they don’t tell a lie. Anyway, what I’m talkin’ about has nothing to do with Uncle Ira making stuff up. In this case I was there when it happened. So do you want to hear it or not?”
When I looked up, I saw the moon had risen halfway over the top of the bluff. It put me in a storytelling mood.
“All right, tell it.” Dub sounded as if I were forcing him to hear the story. Even though I figured he was dying for me to get started.
I cleared my throat, poked the fire with the stick and began.
“Remember the night Uncle Ira’s hounds went crazy? All the screamin’ took place and they came back to camp with their tails tucked between their legs.”
“Yeah, I remember. I hope you’re not tellin’ it again like it’s something new.”
“I’m not sayin’ it’s a new story. You don’t know what happened in the first place. That’s why I’m telling it again.”
“Okay. You best not be bringin’ up a bunch of stuff I’ve already heard.”
“Don’t worry.” I turned around and looked behind me when I heard a big splash. “Now mind you, Uncle Ira made me swear I’d never tell this to another living soul. So you can’t tell anybody else.”
“Why are you telling me now if you said you would never tell anyone else?”
“Because a lot of time has passed since all the stuff happened. That makes a big difference.”
Dub looked at me and laughed. “I’m sure I’ve heard the whole thing before. Go ahead and tell me if you need to get it out of your system.”
I pushed the glowing pine knot into the center of the pulsing bed of coals and began the story.
“It was around midnight and the hounds were hot on the trail of a fox. Their running blood was up and they were bayin’ those long lonesome calls. Something down by the river let out a scream and then there was a deathly silence.”
“Were you scared?”
“Except for one Halloween night in the cemetery I was never so scared.” I hunched up my shoulders and shivered for some special effect.
“It was probably a bobcat screamed.”
“A bobcat has a high-pitched scream. This was a bloodcurdling cry sounded more like a woman.”
Dub leaned to one side of the fire so he could get a better look at my face and asked me what happened next.
“Fifteen minutes later, the hounds came back to camp. They were shakin’ so bad they could not stand still. You know how they get when they’re scared: like their skin is about to crawl off their bones.”
“Was Uncle Ira scared too?”
“You bet he was. He seemed as scared as me. Which means he was scared plenty.”
“I’ve never heard of him bein’ scared of anything. I wonder how much of this you’re making up.”
“I can’t believe you’d think I would sit here and make stuff up to try an’ fool you.” I dropped my fire poker stick and threw my hands up in the air. “Like I said before, there’s enough scary stuff around without me makin’ up something else.”
“Okay. I believe you. Go on with the story.”
I sat back down, picked up the stick, poked at the fire and watched the sparks fly up in the air again.
“Stop me if you get scared.” I smashed a mosquito on the back of my hand and looked downriver when I heard the hoot of a great horned owl. “I don’t want you screamin’ in the middle of the night.”
“I’m not scared. I’ve already heard most of what you’ve told me so far anyway.”
“Okay I’ll go on as long as you think you’ll be all right. The hounds were so scared Uncle Ira had to carry them to the truck. You know things are bad when you’ve got a pack of dogs can’t even walk.”
“That’s seven hundred and fifty pounds of hounds.”
“What are you talkin’ about?”
“Fifteen hounds that weigh fifty pounds apiece is what I’m talkin’ about. That’s seven hundred and fifty pounds for the whole bunch. Why didn’t you help Uncle Ira carry them to the truck?”
“I tried to help him. The first one I started to pick up bit me. You know how close to Uncle Ira those hounds are. They don’t want anything to do with anyone but him.”
I jumped up and threw a rock toward the mouth of the Blue Hole cave when I thought I heard a twig snap and I listened closely. I heard nothing but the gurgle of water running over the moss-covered rocks in the spring branch and the bellowing of bullfrogs in the backwater slough.
“Probably the wind.” Dub threw another stick of wood on the fire.
“So anyway, a week later, when Uncle Ira and Doc wanted to go hunting, the hounds wouldn’t leave the pen. Can you imagine much as those red bones like to run they wouldn’t budge?”
“I wonder what could have spooked ‘em so bad?” Dub moved closer to the fire.
“I don’t know. Remember ol’ Breaker, the bitch ran out in front of the pack most of the time? She never came back with the other hounds that night. Uncle Ira even got Mike Thompson to search for her with his bloodhounds. They didn’t find so much as a trace, an’ you know those blood dogs can find about anything leaves a scent.”
I slapped my chest with the flat of my hand and looked over my shoulder across the river. It dawned on me what I saw that night on the ridge across from where Uncle Ira and me built our fire. It was the same old man I saw earlier in the evening and not a falling star or another hunter’s light. Why would he be following me around? I wondered. Why would I be the only one able to see something may not be of this earth?
“Come on, Tommy. Stop tryin’ to scare me by acting strange. I’m goin’ to bed if you don’t hurry up an’ finish the story.”
I moved the coals around with the tip of my stick as I rocked back and forth and wondered what strange thing would happen next.
“Okay, I’m about done with the story. So anyway, it all happened about the same time there was a bunch of other strange stuff goin’ on. Buzzard went on his shotgun rampage. Joe Peterson hung himself in the barn and lightning struck Ben Johnson. That was why Uncle Ira decided we shouldn’t tell anyone about what happened to the hounds. He figured there were enough spooky things for people to think about already.”
“Gosh, you’re right. I remember all that terrible stuff took place about the same time.”
“All that carryin’ on with the hounds happened at Buck Holler, which is only downriver about three miles.” I pointed up at the moon above the top of the bluff. “There was a full moon that night too.”
“That’s enough. I don’t want to hear any more scary stories tonight.”
“I think you’re right.” I reached down and ran my fingers along the barrel of the .22 rifle laying at my feet. It was already wet from the dew. “Want some jerky?” I unscrewed the lid on a quart-sized mason jar, pulled myself out a piece and gnawed off a big chunk.
“I’m too tired to chew on jerky. I’m goin’ to bed. I want to get up early in the morning and go fishin’. We’ll seine some minnows an’ fish the riffle below the Blue Hole. That’s where you hooked the big smallmouth that broke your line.”
“Biggest smallmouth I ever got hold of,” I remembered how he peeled the line off my reel when he made a couple of powerful runs.
“I figure he’s still there don’t you, Tommy? Maybe you’ll get hold of him again tomorrow.”
“I might.” I figured the only thing on my mind come morning would be going to Leatherwood Cave. “I just might.”
“The problem with the big fish I hook into is they all get away. At least you’ve landed some of yours. Pitch me an apple will you? I’ll eat that and then I’m gonna hit the hay.”
“There’re no apples in my pack. They must be in yours. Get me one too while you’re digging around.” I crawled into the tent and spread out the blankets. “I’ll double up the bottom blanket so we’ll get more protection from the rocks. We’ll pile some leaves up under the floor of the tent tomorrow.”
“I’m too tired to do much of anything tonight.”
“You’ll care after your bony butt’s been on the rocks all night.” I crawled outside the tent and stood up.
“Here you go.” Dub pitched me an apple and I jumped as high as I could, but it sailed over my head and splashed down in the still dark water.
“Pretty powerful tonight, aren’t you little brother? There goes an apple we won’t have around to eat.” As if one apple was going to make a difference in our starving to death.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to throw it over your head. It’ll still be floating around out there come morning. We’ll get it then, either that or you could go swim for it. Maybe you should since you’re so concerned about losing it.”
“You go get it. You threw it over my head.”
Dub reached in his pocket and pulled out a penny.
“Let’s flip to see who goes in after it. If it comes up heads, you’re the winner and I’ll be the one who gets wet.”
“Flip it.” I hoped like crazy I would win so I would not have to dive into the cold dark water.
I wish I’d never said anything about the stupid apple, I thought as I watched Dub toss the coin up in the air. 


Chapter Ten

“Heads it is,” I yelled, when I set the lantern down on the gravel bar and saw Abe’s solemn-looking face. The sound of my joy at not having to get into the water echoed down the river.
Without hesitation, Dub stripped off his overalls, ran across the gravel bar and dived into the still, deep water. A big splash sent shimmering silvery ripples toward the bank.
“Water cold?” I asked, when Dub shot back up to the surface. I held the lantern higher so I could get a better look.
“Tommy!” Dub swam toward me, his arms flailing the water as if he was about to drown.
“What is it? What’s wrong?”
“Help me!” He slapped his hands down on the rough surface of a rock ledge that extended out from the gravel bar a foot or so into the water.
Before I could reach down and grab him, he dragged himself up out of the water and flopped over onto his back. He was panting and shaking so badly I thought he was having a convulsion.
“What happened? Did you get snake bit?”
“Listen to me. Listen to me please.”
“Go ahead.” I hunkered down and laid my hand on his shoulder. “I’m listening. What’s the matter?”
“I kicked something,” Dub whispered, as if he were afraid whatever it was might be able to hear him. “Something soft and slimy.”
“Could be a dead fish.” I remembered what Buzzard told people about the Devil living in the Blue Hole after what happened to his boy. “Maybe some weeds or some moss. I bet it was something like that don’t you?”
 Dub grabbed my arm and squeezed it. “It wasn’t any of that stuff.” He rolled over and buried his face in his arms. “It was something a lot bigger.”
I looked out across the water, and the moonlit surface of the Blue Hole was calm. I glanced over at the ridge and wondered if the old man may have had something to do with what happened to Dub.
“We’ll check it out in the morning.” I patted Dub on the shoulder. “We can’t see anything tonight.”
Dub rolled over on his back. “Mom was right, wasn’t she? We should never have come to this place.”
I sat the lantern down beside him so I could have a closer look and saw that his chest, belly and the front of his legs were scraped up badly by the rock ledge and he was oozing blood.
He looked at me and groaned. I grabbed hold of his arm and helped him up onto his feet. “I’m goin’ to bed now. I wonder what awful thing will happen next.”
I felt sorry for him, but I did not know anything to say right then that would help. “We’ll find out what it was in the morning. I can promise you one thing for sure, Dub. Everything will be a lot better tomorrow.”
I picked up the dead end of a burning stick of wood and carried it to the edge of the water, holding it out in front of me, hoping I could see what Dub kicked. All I saw was the reflection of red and yellow flames on the silvery surface of the water.
There was a loud hissing sound and steam shot up in the air when I tossed the stick into the quiet pool. I hope I’m right about tomorrow being a better day, I thought, as I walked toward the tent, threw back the flaps and crawled inside. With the sound of a whippoorwill calling from downriver, the chatter of crickets and tree frogs ringing in my ears, I drifted off into a bone-tired sleep, figuring I would get up early and head for Leatherwood Cave.
My escape from reality was short-lived when I was savagely awakened by something trying to grind out my right eye. I threw my hand up to fight off the intruder and I grabbed hold of Dub’s arm. He accidentally poked his elbow in my eye when he pushed himself up to get out of bed.
“That hurts,” Dub yelled, when I dug my fingernails into his arm. “Have you gone crazy? You wouldn’t believe the nightmare I was having.” He wiped away the sweat from his forehead with a corner of the blanket. “I was standing in front of that doll we saw hangin’ in the tree. After that someone was chasing me through the woods. I woke up before I ran off the edge of the bluff. What do you think it all means?”
“I don’t care what it means. You stuck your elbow in my eye. You could have blinded me, you know.”
“I’m sorry. The dream scared me bad. I thought you’d want to know what happened. I’ve listened to you tell me about your scary dreams forever.”
Dub got up on his knees and threw back the tent flaps. I blinked and looked away when a flood of moonlight filled the tent.
“Close the flap or get on outside.”
“Don’t tell me what to do. You’re not my boss, Tommy.”
His saying that and the tone he used struck me the wrong way, so I put my foot on his butt and gave him a shove.
Dub slapped me on the leg. “Leave me alone. I’ve got to go pee bad, but I’m afraid to go outside. I can’t wait any longer, I’m going out right now.”
“Watch out for those snakes.” He stopped dead in his tracks. “When I got up earlier two cottonmouths were layin’ right outside the tent like a couple of guard dogs.”
“You’re lyin’ Tommy. If you saw snakes outside you’d never have gone back to sleep.”
“Stick your head outside. You’ll see for yourself.”
“What did you do since you didn’t leave the tent? Pee in your pants?”
Dub figured I was trapped, but I was way too shrewd for him to get the best of me that easily.
“I used an empty tin can. I brought it inside the tent with me because I knew I’d need to go in the night. You know I always plan ahead.”
“Where’s the can now?” 	“I pitched it outside the tent, which probably made those killer snakes madder than ever.”
Dub threw the front flaps open again and stuck his head outside to look around. “It’s as light as day out here. Light enough I could see a snake if any was around.”
“They’ve probably crawled around in back of the tent by now.” I scratched on the side wall.
“You’re not funny, Tommy. Remember when you said there was enough scary stuff around without you tryin’ to scare me even more? You’ve always said the worst kind of person is one that goes back on their word.”
“Okay, you’re right. Go on and get outside. I was kidding, I didn’t see any snakes. You’re too smart for me, little brother.”
“I’m goin’ to stand inside the tent on my knees and pee out the front. Then I won’t have to stand outside barefooted.”
I laughed. “I wish I had a camera. I bet Jenny Stark would pay dearly for a picture of this trick. She’s still your best girl isn’t she?”
Dub wiggled himself around until he was in the right position and let go. Strangely enough when he finished, instead of crawling back inside the tent, he stepped outside and stood up.
“Did you hear what I said about Jenny?” I asked, figuring he wouldn’t like me talking about his secret girlfriend and would say something back to me about Lucy Denton. Even though I never admitted it, he knew I had a crush on her. I waited for him to say something until my patience wore thin and finally I shouted and asked him if he was all right.   “Come out here will you please?” Dub’s voice was deep and sounded somewhat different. I knew something terrible was wrong, not only from the way he sounded, but he said please. He had not said please to me for any reason more than half dozen times in his entire life.
“What’s the matter?” I sat up in bed. When he did not answer, I crawled outside and stood up beside him.
He was standing stiff as a board, staring at a pulsing bed of coals only a few feet behind our tent.
“Where did the fire come from?” I stepped back when the coals burst into flame at the sound of my voice. The Cottonwood tree by the spring branch began to sway and in the pale white light of the moon, the branches looked like a gathering of ghosts.
From the corner of my eye I saw a great horned owl sail across the river. The wind stopped and the sounds of the night creatures were dead still. After a few minutes of eerie silence, a flowering dogwood tree grew up out of the pulsing coals and rising up through its branches was the old man I saw on the ridge.
A cloud moved slowly across the sky and blacked out the light of the moon, for what seem like an endless amount of time. When the moon reappeared, the fire was out and the old man was gone. 


Chapter Eleven

As if Mother Nature herself had given a command, a breeze rustled the leaves in the trees and the sounds of the night creatures returned. I kept thinking I should be afraid, instead I felt really calm.
I looked down when I felt Dub ease his grip on my hand. I ask him if he was okay, but the only response I got was a blank stare. I walked over to the spot where the fire burned with such intensity I felt the heat from twenty feet away. When I touched the ground with the tips of my fingers the gravel was as cold as if it were the dead of winter.
I rubbed my arms when I felt a rush of cool air from the mouth of the Blue Hole cave. I looked at Dub and he was pointing at the moon. There as plain as day I saw the face of the old man again, only this time he looked like our Grandfather. Without saying a word Dub turned around, walked over to the tent, threw back the front flaps and crawled inside.
I stared at the moon, hoping to see the image of the old man, but he was gone. Tears filled my eyes when I remembered the last time I talked with my Grandfather before he passed away. We were sitting on a bench in front of a mirror in the dining room, and he proudly pointed out how much I looked like my Dad. He told me I was a fine-looking boy and gave me a big hug. He was an old man in his nineties at the time and I was only eight years old.
I patted Dub on the shoulder when I crawled inside the tent, and lay down beside him. I wanted to talk about what happened, I just did not know anything to say. We will sort it tomorrow, I thought, and I drifted off into an exhausted sleep.
I awoke at first light, amazed there were no nightmares, considering everything that went on. I rolled over onto my back and stared up at the green canvas top. I rubbed my eyes, and thought about the old man and the fire behind the tent. His face looked so much like Grandfather’s when I saw it in the moon.
I’ve got to tell Dub about Doc, I thought. Got to convince him to go with me to Leatherwood Cave. I will tell him about everything except the secret mark only Doc and I knew about. I figured I would do it as soon as I found out what it was Dub kicked in the Blue Hole that scared him so badly.
I slipped out of the tent quietly and when I stood up, I heard the unmistakable high-pitched whir of a hornet’s wings. Before I could close the tent flaps it buzzed right past me and went inside the tent.
Knowing too well what the old saying, mad as a hornet meant, I yelled, “Get out, Dub. There’s a hornet in the tent!”
I jumped to one side to get out of its flight path as I pulled the flaps wide open, hoping the big pest would zoom back out as fast as he flew inside.
“Where is it?” Dub scrambled out of the front on all fours, knocking the support pole down and collapsing the tent.
“He must have flown out right behind you.” I looked around, hoping the critter was gone.
Dub raised his eyebrows and stared at me. “There wasn’t any hornet, was there? Why in the world would you do something like that to me?”
I threw my hands up in the air and gritted my teeth. “You must have heard it. It was as loud as a buzz saw. I know you’re not deaf.”
“I didn’t hear it and I didn’t see it.” Dub stared at me with weary blue eyes.
“After all we’ve been through, especially with what happened last night, do you think I’d do something stupid like play a hornet trick?” I put extra effort into sounding disgusted.
“The only thing I know for sure is you’ve been acting pretty strange lately. I wouldn’t put anything past you.”
“You want to talk about somebody acting strange? All you need do is look in a mirror.”
“What did you say?” I didn’t answer. “See, what did I tell you? What you just did is stranger than anything I’ve done.”
I whirled around when I heard a noise behind me. A fox squirrel jumped from a mulberry tree and scurried off into the woods. I decided to change the subject.
“Was there an old man hovered around a fire behind our tent last night, or was I dreaming?”
“Come here and take a look.” He walked around behind the tent and hunkered down. “There’s no sign of a fire or ashes. Wouldn’t that mean it had to be a dream?”
I walked up beside him, reached down and touched the spot where the fire burned brightly. I looked at my fingertips and there was no trace of ashes. I laid my hand on Dub’s shoulder. “The thing is, how could it have been a dream if the same thing happened to both of us at once?”
Dub looked into my eyes and without another word being said, we knew the answer.
“You may think I sound like Mom, but if what happened was a dream, then it probably won’t happen again. If it wasn’t, it must have had something to do with God. If it did, he’ll protect us. I told you I might sound like Mom. I don’t care though. She’s right a lot more than you and me are, for sure.”
I looked at him with my mouth half-open, amazed at what he said. For the first time since we started on the trip, I was glad Dub came along with me instead of my friend Doodle.
“You’re right, you did sound like Mom. It’s okay though, you got a better answer than anything I’ve come up with by a long shot.”
I was happy to see he was not in a panic mode because even as strange and scary as things had been, I was not about to head home without going to Leatherwood Cave to look for Doc.
“You must be thinking we should pack up and go home. You wouldn’t have brought it up if you didn’t. Right?”
“No, not really. I figured you’d be afraid the old man would come back tonight, that’s all. I thought you might not want to stay and go through it all over again. What you said, though, makes a whole lot of sense.”
“The way I figure it is, if the old man wants to find us again, he’ll find us no matter where we are. I can’t go home anyway, even if I wanted to.”
“Why not?” Taking a step backwards, he looked deep into my eyes as if he were trying to figure out what I was about to say before I said it, so he would not be surprised. “I hope you’re not about to tell me something awful.”
I started to tell him about my dream where I found Doc at Leatherwood Cave, but before I could say anything, he ran over to the edge of the river, picked up a flat rock and skipped it across the water.
“We’ll catch a big one. I feel it in my bones.”
“It will probably be a Smallmouth Bass this long.” I held my hands out a couple feet apart in front of me, and I laughed.
Dub picked up another rock and skipped it across the river. “We might both catch one that big.”
After what we had been through, it felt good to be laughing as if everything was okay again the way it used to be. Like going to a church social and finding out they made enough homemade ice cream so everyone could have an extra bowl.
“Let’s get everything together. We’ll get downriver quick as we can while it’s still early.” I pulled the minnow seine from the pack, walked over to the edge of the water and laid it down on the bank.
“Why did you say you couldn’t go home even if you wanted to?” Dub asked.
“I’ll tell you about it after awhile. It’s nothin’ worth talking about right now. You got the right idea about goin’ fishin’.”
I figured we would be better off waiting until the heavy fog burned off before we started up the river toward Leatherwood Cave. There was no reason to say anything about it yet, and get Dub upset again, until it was time to go.
“Let’s seine some minnows and go feed a big old bass his breakfast.” I unrolled a twenty-foot-long seine, a net with a dozen sinkers on the bottom and a dozen cork floats on the top, and then I stretched it out on the gravel bar. When I turned around, Dub was standing by the place where he dived in the night before, looking down into the water.
“I can’t see a thing. There’s too much fog and the water’s shaded by the bluff,” Dub said.
“By the time we get back from fishin’ the sun should have burned away the fog and the shadows on the water will be gone.”
“Sounds fine to me. Do you want a piece of jerky?” Dub asked as he unscrewed the lid on a mason jar and pulled out a piece.
“Sure,” I said and he tossed me a piece. I stepped back and took a look at his scraped up chest and belly. “You look like someone attacked you with a garden rake. Does it hurt? It looks like it might at least sting a little.”
He was certainly brave about it. “I’ll heal. Just tell me what you want me to do. When we come back, you’ll have to look into the water first. I can’t do it again.”
“You won’t have to.” I had more respect for Dub than before we started on the trip. He was tough, and I was glad he was my brother. “We need a couple of poles to tie on each end of the seine. If you want to go cut those we’ll be ready.”
Dub picked up the ax and feathered the edge with his thumb. He looked up the river at a patch of willows and asked me how long I wanted the poles to be.
“Six foot should be about right. Be careful with the ax. It’s sharp as a razor. We don’t need a bloody accident on top of everything.”
I walked over to the place Dub dived in the night before and looked down into the water. I was a lot more concerned about what he kicked than I let on. I could not see anything either, so I walked back to the riffle and started messing with the minnow seine.
“Look at these.” Dub hurried back down the riverbank. “Are they long enough?”
“Those are perfect.” He threw a couple of poles, half-again bigger than the diameter of a broom handle, down on the gravel bar in front of me. We tied one to each end of the seine and were ready to seine some minnows.
“You wouldn’t believe the size of the turtle I saw.” Dub held his hands in front of him and made a big circle. “He was on a log across from where I cut the poles. The thing was as big around as a washtub.”
We walked along the riverbank with the twenty- foot seine stretched out between us until I spotted some minnows working the edge of the current on the far side of the riffle.
“There’s a big school, right there,” I shouted back over my shoulder. I waded into the fast- moving water, lowered my end of the seine and began to walk up the river against the current. “They’re right up in front of us. Most are red fin shiners, my favorite smallmouth bait.” I bent over so the bottom of the pole would scrape along the gravel and I stepped up the pace. “Dig your pole into the gravel a little. Go slower. No, that’s too slow. Go faster. The sinkers need to drag the bottom or they’ll swim underneath the seine. That’s perfect, you’re doing a great job.”
“The whole school’s swimming up in front of us.”
“Slow down.” I saw a couple of big shiners jump over the top. “You’re goin’ too fast. Look, the water’s runnin’ over the middle of the seine.”
“How’s that, Tommy?” Three of the wooden floats in the center popped back up to the top of the water.
“Okay, that’s good. We’ve got a bunch trapped. Don’t lose ‘em. Stand still, I’ll swing in toward the bank.” I surrounded those darting out in front of the seine. Then I moved quickly into the shallow water.
Dub stumbled and fell down onto one knee. “What do I do now?”
“Walk a little faster.”
Dub brought his end of the seine around and we dragged our catch up onto the bank. “Good haul.” Dub grinned from ear to ear.
Standing beside the clear rushing water, surrounded by the early morning fog, I watched the flip-flopping minnows. Their silver sides glistened in the bright sunlight. I thought about the day Doc taught me how to use a seine and I smiled.
“It’s a nice catch all right. We’ll keep a dozen of the biggest ones and put the rest back. We can seine more later, if we need them.”
“Look, we’ve got a couple of big Crawdads and a Hellgrammite too. I might start out with one of those.” We squatted down and tossed the keepers into a coffee can.
We picked up our fishing gear and headed downriver.
“Let’s be quiet when we get close to the big boulder. We don’t want to spook our friend, Mr. Big Bass.”
I walked down the gravel bar toward the swift- moving water where we caught more big smallmouth than any place else on the river. I was grinning from ear to ear. Hopefully our luck was about to change for the better. We’ll catch a couple of nice fish for breakfast. Go back to camp and find out what Dub kicked in the water. Then we will finish off a perfect morning by finding Doc at Leatherwood Cave.
Like Uncle Ira used to say, “If a person can live long enough, there’s no streak of bad luck can’t be broken.” 


Chapter Twelve

I grabbed Dub by the arm when we got close to the hot spot, set the bucket down, reached in the can and grabbed a squirming big shiner minnow. “Let’s bait up now,” I whispered. “We don’t want to spook the fish.”
Dub grabbed a Crawdad, slid the point of his hook through the tail and we walked quietly along the gravel bar toward the edge of the water.
I gave Dub a nod and he cast his bait out into the water. He squatted down and lowered his rod tip, ready to set the hook. I watched his line drift downstream until the sinker came to rest on the bottom. I sailed my minnow through the air and it landed beside a rock ledge where the low hanging branch of a Sycamore tree shaded the water.
“Nice cast,” Dub said. “If a big one isn’t in that spot, I don’t know where he’d be.” The words were barely out of his mouth when I felt a hard tug jerk my rod forward and the line began to move upstream.
“I’ve hooked a good one. It could be the big fella.
When I tried to crank in some line I could not turn the handle. I started to run up the river, slipped on loose gravel and fell down, scraping my elbow on a rock. My rod tip flew up in the air, the line stretched tight, and the big smallmouth came out of the water in a sparkling explosion. The red fin minnow dangled from the corner of his mouth. His golden brown sides glistened in the sun as he shook his head from side to side and tail-walked across the shadowy surface of the water.
“It’s a Hog!”
“Get him in, Tommy! Don’t lose him. Be careful.” Dub was jumping up and down.
Even though I lowered the rod tip and put pressure on the spool of line with my thumb, I was not able to stop him from making another run upstream. I yelled when the line peeling off the spool of the casting reel burned my thumb.
“I’ve got him, Dub.” I worked the big fish in toward the bank. He took out a couple more feet of line, but I got it back. We were having a real tug-of- war.
“How big is he?” Dub ran up beside me and jumped back so he wouldn’t be in the way.
“He’s the biggest smallmouth ever. Biggest one I’ve had on in my whole life.”
When I got the fish within ten feet of the bank, he saw me and with a powerful thrust of his tail, he turned sideways. My heart sank when I heard a loud snap and I saw the line float though the air toward me.
“Damn it.” I watched the fish turn toward the deep water and swim away. In my fury, I kicked the gravel bar and hit my toe on a rock. Dub laughed while I moaned and danced around holding my foot.
I hobbled over to the edge of the river and shaded my eyes, hoping to catch one last glimpse of the big mossback, but he was gone.
“I’m glad he broke loose.” I splashed some water up in my face. “A fighter like that deserves to be free.”
“Yeah, I guess so. It would have been nice to say you caught one so big. Instead of having to say you almost did.” Dub patted me on the shoulder and walked away.
I did not care if he was making fun. Being able to do battle with such a big smallmouth was worth everything to me. I slumped down onto the gravel bar and rolled over on my back. I took a deep breath and in my mind I saw the fish tail walking across the water again, the minnow dangling from the corner of his mouth. How could anything in the world be better than this, I thought.
“Let’s go, Tommy. It won’t do any good to fish here for a while, nothing will bite. The water’s too churned up.”
I jumped up and looked at the river again. “I figure you’re right. Fish probably do talk to one another.”
“I know one thing for sure. The big bass you almost caught will have some story to tell the rest of the fish tribe.”
We laughed and headed for camp, on what could be one of the most important missions of our entire lives. “We can try for the big guy again around sundown. If we can’t have fish for breakfast, dinner will do.”
“Let’s hurry back. I want to see what I kicked last night. I hope you’re right about it being weeds or something.”
Not wanting to think about what I was afraid it might be until I absolutely needed to, I did not answer him.
 “That fish would have weighed at least five pounds, maybe closer to six. Don’t you think so?”
“You’ll be talkin’ about that fish the rest of your life. A person can tell a story until they wear it out.”
“I won’t be if I get hold of a bigger one between now and then.” We both laughed.
Dub picked up a handful of gravel and tossed it up in the air, running after the falling pebbles to see how many he could catch before they hit the ground.
“How many did you catch?”
“I caught two. I’m pretty fast, I have caught as many as five.”
“Do you remember me showing you a book Aunt Maud sent me last year for Christmas?”
“Book? What book? What are you talkin’ about?”
“You remember. I read you part of one story about people being like fish hooked on a line. The part about how people are always struggling to get free from one thing or another. Anyway, Aunt Maud met the guy who wrote it. I’d like to write a book myself someday.”
Dub sprayed a driftwood pile with a handful of rocks and yelled, “Come on, big brother. I want to see what’s in the Blue Hole. Got to get it over with. I can’t stand not knowing what I kicked any longer.”
He bolted for camp and I took off after him in a dead run, still thinking about some of the things the author wrote in the book that sounded so much like what Doc might have said. When we got within sight of the tent, I looked up and said a quick little prayer. It started with please and ended with do not let whatever is in the water look anything like Doc.
I figured after we found out the thing in the Blue Hole was a dead fish or some slimy weeds, I would tell Dub about my plans for Leatherwood Cave. He would be so relieved maybe he would go along without giving me any trouble. It was important he go with me, because however afraid he was of the darkness, I was scared a lot worse to go inside the cave alone. I would even stoop so low as to beg him. Whatever it took, I would do. I was not going upriver to Leatherwood Cave alone.
Dub pointed at half dozen turkey buzzards sitting in a dead tree on top of the Blue Hole bluff. I waved at a dozen more circling above us and frowned. “I bet it’s the same nasty bunch we saw yesterday eating on a dead deer.”
Dub stuck his tongue out and wrinkled up his nose. I laughed nervously and we hurried along.
Finding the dead deer started when the radiator on Dad’s truck boiled over the day before as he was hauling us to the river trail. Dad sent Dub and I off down an old log road to fetch some water from a sinkhole. When we stepped out of the woods into the clearing, the ground was covered with turkey buzzards. Those on top of the carcass were in a feeding frenzy, squawking and pecking at one another. Hundreds of blowflies swarmed the big buck’s bloated body like tiny airplanes circling a landing strip. The smell was about as bad as the day Doodle and me sealed an egg up in a fruit jar and left it out in the sun for a week.
As we came back to camp, I stopped in midstream when I heard the cry of a Kingfisher flying downstream. I remembered Uncle Ira saying if you heard one of the Birds cry while the fog was still rising off the water it was a sign of bad luck. Some folks made fun of him because he put so much stock in such sayings. He sure was right more times than he was wrong.
Leaning my fishing rod up against the side of the tent, I walked up beside Dub, who was already looking down into the water. He jumped up in the air a couple of times trying to get a better view. I swallowed the lump in my throat and asked him if he saw anything.
“I think I see something. I can’t tell for sure what it is because the water’s still too shaded. I can’t see down any deeper than a couple of feet.”
“Why don’t we do something else for a while. Once the sun comes up over the top of the bluff we’ll be able to see almost to the bottom. It will only be a couple of hours from now. I’ve got to tell you something and it’s important.”
The color drained from his face when he saw my eyes fill with tears. He grabbed hold of my arm. “I bet you already know what I kicked last night, don’t you, Tommy? It’s not a bunch of weeds or a dead fish, is it? I knew it wasn’t. It was too big for that. We should never have come here.”
“Stop it! I don’t know what it is. That’s not what I’m talkin’ about.”
I walked over and picked up the rifle. I pulled the bolt back to make sure there was a cartridge in the chamber. I opened the box and dumped a dozen cartridges into my pocket. I calmly told Dub about my recurring dream. I said there must be something to it because every time it ended with me finding Doc sitting on the big rock at the entrance to Leatherwood Cave. I even went into great detail about how he waved and told me he knew I would come after him. Dub stared at me, like a zombie, the whole time I was telling him about the dream, without saying a word.
“What do you think about that?” I asked when I finished my story.
“I don’t care if you dreamed it five hundred nights in a row. I’m afraid of Leatherwood Cave. You know the big reason why too, and besides, I hate being in the dark. Even if none of that counted, the floor’s always wet and slick and I don’t like Bats. Bats carry rabies.”
“I didn’t say I wanted you to go inside with me. I just want you to go upriver to the mouth of Leatherwood Cave. You can stay outside while I go in.”
“Okay, fine and dandy. I’ll stay outside. I wouldn’t go inside Leatherwood Cave even if it was me lost and I had to look for myself.”
I looked at Dub and grinned. “You wouldn’t even go inside to look for yourself. That’s real cute. I bet you heard Doodle say that didn’t you? I know you didn’t make it up yourself.”
Dub shook his head slowly from side to side. “I don’t repeat anything I hear Doodle say. I’m a lot smarter than you think.”
“I never said I didn’t think you’re smart. That’s the kind of thing I’ve heard him say is all. So what about Leatherwood Cave? Are you going with me or not? It’s important. I would do it for you.”
Dub kicked the gravel bar a couple of times. “What if you’re crawling along in the cave and put your hand down on one of the Riley brothers? What would you do then?”
“Well I don’t know what I would do. It doesn’t matter because it won’t happen anyway.”
“I know what I’d do. I’d have some kind of attack and be dead right there on the spot.”
“Nobody knows for sure they went in Leatherwood Cave in the first place. I didn’t see them walk inside, did you? They said that’s where they were going.”
My argument was so feeble the sound of my voice trailed off before I finished the sentence.
“Mom warned us not to go in there without Doc or Dad or Uncle Ira being along. She’s been right about pretty much everything so far, if it means anything to you.”
“I never said a thing about her not being right about most things. Where do you come up with this stuff?”
“Anyway, if Doc’s not on the rock in front of Leatherwood Cave, where do you think he’d be, I walked over and put my arm around Dub’s shoulders. “I have to make sure he’s not there, okay? If he’s not sitting on the rock in front, I’ve got to go look inside the cave. I don’t have any choice.”
“We’ll see what happens when the time comes.” Dub stood up on his toes and looked down into the water again.
“You don’t have to go. You can stay here alone. It may be scary when the sun comes up over the top of the bluff and you can see what’s down in the water.”
After looking at one another like a couple of dogs about to share the same food bowl, I turned and headed up the river toward Leatherwood Cave. It only took Dub about five seconds to make up his mind to come along. I reached back over my shoulder and patted him on the head when I heard the sound of his breathing only inches from the back of my neck. I smiled and picked up the pace. 


Chapter Thirteen

I had no doubt Doc would be waiting for us at Leatherwood Cave. The dreams were too real for them not to come true. I would like to have known what Dub kicked in the Blue Hole, but I had already put the rescue trip off long enough. A couple of hours could make a big difference if Doc was hurt or in trouble.
The rocky path that followed the river for the next quarter-mile to Leatherwood Cave was a narrow trail used mostly by animals: rabbits, squirrels, and deer with wild hogs being the most frequent visitors. I had seen razorback boars on a couple of occasions and hoped we would not run into any, as they were known to attack people if the sows had young pigs.
A lush green mat of moss covered the hillside that led up to a limestone bluff, which towered above us a couple hundred feet. Ferns with broad leaves the size of a fan grew along the rock ledges. Water seeping through the cracks from underground springs moistened the rock wall. Occasionally a cool droplet splattered on our heads and ran down our bare backs. Flowering plants, with red and yellow blossoms, grew alongside the path and big Sycamore trees shaded the riverbank and the edge of the water.
Dub talking about the Riley brothers going inside Leatherwood Cave and never coming out made me feel so nervous I hoped I did not have to go inside. If only Doodle were here. He was always the one who wanted to take the lead, which would be fine with me.
“Remember the time you and Doodle were inside Leatherwood Cave when he fell into a deep pool of water?”
“Yeah, he sure made a big splash. He shot back up to the top of the water, gasping for air and screaming like a wild man. You know how the cold spring water takes your breath away.”
Dub laughed the way he always did when something funny happened to Doodle.
“Doodle lost the only flashlight when it happened didn’t he?”
“I had another one but the batteries were weak. We barely made it back out before they burned out.”
Dub took a couple of quick steps and walked up beside me so he could see my face. “I can’t think of anything much worse than being in a cave without a light. Can you, Tommy?”
“Yeah, I can think of a couple of things. You know the deep pool a couple hundred feet inside the entrance to Leatherwood Cave? I’m talkin’ about where the path narrows before you reach the waterfall. It’s the place where it’s always slick and wet. If I were to slip and fall into the pool, I’d be dead, which would be worse.”
“Why did you tell me that? Don’t you think I’m scared enough already? What are you trying to do?”
“You asked me if I could think of anything worse. Because you won’t be there to throw me a rope, I could drown. That would be worse.”
“It doesn’t matter. You didn’t bring the rope anyway.”
“Oh, man, how stupid can I be?” I kicked a piece of bark out into the water and walked faster.
“Look.” Dub pointed across the river at a beaver swimming along the bank close to some overhanging willow branches. The beaver spotted us at the same time, slapped the water with his tail and disappeared. “Remember when we caught all those goggle-eyes right here?” We passed the spot where a big Cottonwood tree was wedged in under a cut bank. “Look, there’s some right now.” He pointed at a couple of fish swimming along in the edge of the current, fanning their tails back and forth.
The time Dub was talking about was when we caught so many fish. It had rained upriver the night before and food, like worms and bugs that was washed into the river caused a feeding frenzy. Within a couple of hours we caught at least fifty of the dark green, red-eyed panfish the size of a man’s hand.
“We caught a bunch all right.” I jumped over a fallen log blocking the path. I hurried along when I looked to my right and saw a snake drop into the water from a low hanging branch. It was a water snake, nothing to be afraid of. The thing about facing your fears seemed to be working I thought. I hoped I got a chance to tell Doc.
“What if we get to Leatherwood Cave and Doc’s not there?” Dub asked. “What will we do then, turn around and come back?”
“What I’ll do if he’s not out front is go inside after him, that’s what I’ll do. You can wait outside. If I don’t find him in an hour or so, I’ll give up. I hope I don’t fall into the deep pool of water. Maybe you should go back to camp and get the rope. Would you do that for me?”
From the look Dub gave me you would have thought I asked him to cut off one of his toes. He groaned and walked away.
When we reached the clearing and I saw the big rock at the mouth of Leatherwood Cave my heart began to pound. As hard as it was for me to believe, Doc was not sitting there.
“Doc!” I ran toward the entrance with Dub close behind. “It’s me, Tommy. Where are you?”
I looked inside and stared into the darkness. I listened carefully, but all I heard was the sound of dripping water. I looked down and saw Doc’s secret mark scratched in the dirt. It was proof he was there recently. Now I had to go inside for sure.
“Look.” Dub pointed at two charred sticks tied together with a hangman’s noose. The cross was driven into the ground in front of a dogwood tree, and a rock covered with reddish brown stain lay close by.
“That’s the same kind of rope used to hang the rag doll from the tree. I know where the rope came from. Donny Evert has a big roll of it at his hardware store. It’s got the same brown thread woven through the center.”
“Let’s go back. Please, let’s go back right now. This whole trip gets spookier by the minute.”
Looking at the cross and the bloodstain on the rock, for the first time I realized I might have to shoot somebody. Only this time it would not be like what happened in the Thompson house when I shot at Buzzard’s ghost. Now there would be real blood spilling onto the ground.
“I’ve got the best reason in the world to think Doc is inside. You don’t have to go with me if you don’t want, but you may be more scared out here by yourself.”
Dub walked over and grabbed my arm. “I don’t want to go inside with you. I don’t want to stay here by myself either. Can’t we go back to camp and see what I kicked in the Blue Hole? Yell for Doc a couple more times. If he doesn’t answer, he’s probably not there. Do it, Tommy. Okay?” Dub’s voice quivered.
“I can’t do it. I’d never forgive myself if he was found inside and I had walked away.”
Dub’s downtrodden look turned into a smile as if he had been given the answer and everything was going to be okay.
“You didn’t bring a light. You won’t be able to see in the darkness.”
“I left the darn lantern back at camp. What else is going to go wrong? I’ll have to go back and get it, unless you want to do it for me. If you do, be sure and bring back the rope.”
“I hate to show you this, but you’d probably spot it anyway.” He pointed at a couple of big pine knots on the ground. “That’s your light. If you’ve got a match to start a fire, you can burn one of those knots.”
I smiled as I pulled a wooden kitchen match out of my pants pocket. I piled up some leaves and laid a few twigs on top, struck the match and started the fire.
“How long will it take for a pine knot to catch?” Dub asked, when I laid on a couple of big limbs.
“It won’t take long as dry as this wood is. Ten, maybe fifteen minutes once there’s a good blaze.”
I walked inside the entrance and shouted for Doc once again. The fact I get no answer does not mean all is lost, I thought. The sound of dripping water might be drowning out my voice. I laid the transom from an old wooden John-Boat on the fire, and the biggest of the two pine knots on top of the pile. A droplet of water fell from the bluff above the mouth of the cave and splattered on my cheek. I wiped it away, licked the cool moisture from my finger, looked at Dub and grinned.
“Who do you think put the cross there?” Dub asked, as he walked up in front of the dogwood tree and poked at the hangman’s noose with a stick.
“The same crazy person who hung a doll in the tree. Someone trying to scare people I imagine.”
“We’re in bad trouble aren’t we, Tommy?” Before I could say anything, Dub got wide-eyed and began to ramble. “I wish I was home. I wouldn’t even mind doin’ chores. I know we won’t get out of here alive. We got too many spooky things after us. I bet what I kicked in the Blue Hole was a dead body. It wasn’t any slimy weeds, I know for sure.”
“Stop talkin’ crazy.” I grabbed Dub’s arm and shook him. “I’ll get us out of this mess. Trust me, okay? The doll and the cross are just someone playin’ a trick.”
Sounding mean and nasty as I ever heard him, he jerked his arm away and told me he did not care what I did as long as I left him the rifle for protection.
The thought of going inside without the rifle caused my stomach to churn. What would I use to protect myself if I were attacked?
“If you’ll go with me we can both have the rifle.”
“No. You can talk until you’re blue in the face. I won’t go inside Leatherwood Cave, ever.”
“Okay. You can keep the rifle. If I’m attacked I’ll defend myself with a rock.”
“How will you know when it’s time to turn around?”
 “I’ll turn around when I get to the big room where all the stalagmites are. You know the place where we found the pile of bones. If I haven’t found Doc by the time I get there I’ll start back toward the entrance.”
“How could I forget the big room? That’s where Doodle pretended his flashlight burned out. It was so dark I felt like I was in the middle of the earth. You couldn’t get me back there again for anything.” Dub looked at me with weary eyes. “I hope you find Doc more than you’ll ever know.” “Once the pine knot catches fire, I’m gone. I hope it doesn’t go out, I’ll never find my way back.”
“Don’t talk like that.” Dub turned away and walked down to the river. He came back with an interesting question. He wanted to know if I knew how long the pine knot would burn.
“I’ve never used one before. Uncle Ira has, lots of times. He said a big knot burns for an hour. Maybe even longer.”
“That’s what I remember him saying too. I wanted to see if you’d tell me something different.”
I walked over and patted Dub on the shoulder and told him he was a pretty tricky fella.
I pulled the .22 cartridges out of my pocket and handed them to Dub. I picked up the burning pine knot and with a smile that felt as if my lips were made out of concrete, I walked into the cave. When I reached the edge of darkness, I stopped and turned around.
“This is your last chance. We’ll be safer if we’re together. If you need to shoot somebody, could you actually pull the trigger with them looking you in the eye?”
Without hesitation, Dub shouldered the rifle, aimed at the cross with the hangman’s noose and pulled the trigger.
“Crack.” With the sound of a .22 shell still ringing in my ears, I said, “That’s answer enough.” I turned and walked away. 


Chapter Fourteen

The flickering yellow flame from the burning pine knot cast dancing shadows on the limestone rock walls as I walked toward the waterfall. I stopped and took a deep breath when I thought I saw something jump up then disappear in a crevice up ahead. My mind was already running in high gear, but that kicked it into overdrive. What if I stumble onto the Riley brothers? I thought. Buzzard Thompson could jump on me from one of the ledges. Or, whoever put the cross out front and hung the doll from the tree could bang me in the head. Maybe we should have waited to see what Dub kicked in the Blue Hole. What would it have hurt?
“Doc,” I yelled, my voice sounded as if I was in barrel as it echoed off the walls. “Answer me, please.”   I hunkered down and held the pine knot out in front of me when I heard the sound of the waterfall up ahead. I had reached the spot where the pathway narrowed and went around the deep pool of water. If I were to fall in with no one around to pull me out would drown for sure, I thought, as I stepped away from the edge.
I had second thoughts about going any further, but I could not walk away without doing all I could to find him. I decided I would stop when I got to the big room. That would be a good effort on my part.
I turned sideways with my back pressed against the wall and eased along the narrow ledge. I dug my toes into the soft damp layer of what felt like mud, but was actually Bat droppings. I yelled when my foot slipped and I almost fell into the pool of water. I worked my way along the rock wall at a snail’s pace, finally reaching the waterfall where there was a big flat ledge.
I looked at the passageway in front of me and remembered Doodle and I got scared the last time we were there and turned around at that point. I wished more than anything he was with me on this mission.
I hunkered down and duck-walked through a narrow passageway about four feet tall, three feet wide and twenty feet long. I stopped when I reached the end and stood up, rubbing the smoke from the burning pine torch out of my eyes.
“Ahh!” I thought someone tapped me on the shoulder when I brushed against a jagged rock. My loud voice scared the Bats and hundreds of fluttering wings filled the air. I jumped backwards and banged my head on the rock wall. I dropped the torch and the flame went out. I swatted the air when I felt the wings of a Bat brush my face. I remembered what Dub said about Bats having rabies. Even though I knew only some small percentage carried the disease, it still bothered me.
When I tried to stand up, a sharp pain drove me back down. It’s broken, I thought, when I reached down and touched my throbbing ankle.
I closed my eyes and told myself I needed to calm down. I thought of other times when I had been in a scary situation and reminded myself I always survived.
When I opened my eyes, I remembered what Dub said about the darkness and he was right. It was darker when I my eyes were open than when they were closed. I tried to stand up, but a sharp pain shot up my leg and I fell backwards. I grabbed my ankle and moaned. I figured I could crawl back through the narrow passageway and be okay, even with no light. The problem would be I might crawl too far and fall off the ledge into the water.
I heard my Mother’s voice, plain as day, saying not to go into Leatherwood Cave, and me promising her we wouldn’t go anywhere near the place. I even crossed my heart, which made me feel worse.
For the first time, I faced the fact looking for Doc any further was hopeless. I thought about the dream where he was sitting on top of the big rock and wondered if I might not have imagined it because I wanted it to be real.
I laid in the darkness and thought about what I should do next. At least the Bats had settled down. The sound of their high-pitched shrieking still rang in my ears. Smoke from the smoldering pine knot was so strong it stung my nose. I snorted like a goat to clear the sharp smell away. I thought about the Riley brothers and how I might be trapped inside
I figured there was no way in the world Dub was about to come looking for me. He would probably panic and head back to the Blue Hole when I did not come out. Once he got to the Blue Hole he would be afraid to look in the water for fear of what he might see, so he would head for home. Before he got downriver, he would probably be attacked by Doc’s killer. Nobody would ever see him again. Since Mom warned us not to go to Leatherwood Cave, and I swore we would not do it, weeks would go by before anyone came to search for us.
“Doc,” I bellowed, stirring up the squealing Bats again.
It is hard to keep track of time inside of a cave, because nothing ever changes. After what seemed like hours of staring into the darkness, listening to the water drip from the ceiling, I felt like giving up. Exhausted, I closed my eyes. I had a dream that seemed to last forever where I followed the mysterious old man deeper and deeper into the woods.
I woke up when I thought I heard someone call my name. I lay still and listened carefully. “Is somebody there?” I asked softly, not wanting to stir the Bats up again. Seconds later I saw the flames of a burning pine knot and the next thing I saw was Dub’s face. “I’m down here. I’m sure glad to see you. What made you decide to come after me?”
“I started to go back to the Blue Hole and I would have too, if I wasn’t afraid of what I might see in the water. Plus, you’re my brother and I couldn’t leave you alone. Let’s get out of here.”
I could not believe he did not ask me what happened. Maybe he hit his head on a rock or something, I thought.
“Do you want to know now why I’m laying here in the dark?” My voice was calm but inside I wanted to scream. “I’ve sprained my ankle or broken it, I don’t know for sure which one.”
“How did you do that?” Dub held the torch down so he could get a good look. “Does it hurt bad? Is there anything I can do?”
“It hurts when I try to stand up. I think I can walk, if you help me. Let’s get my pine torch lit too so we’ll have more light. It went out when I fell down. Help me up and let’s get out of here.”
“Ahh!” When Dub leaned down to pick up my pine knot, he screamed and jumped backwards. He hit his arm against the wall of the cave and dropped his torch. Once again the Bats got upset, screeching and fluttering around.
“What is it?” I screamed back at him. “What’s the matter?”
He scrambled over beside me. His voice was so shaky I could barely understand what he was saying.
“Your pine knot’s layin’ beside a dead man’s head. I touched his face when I reached down to pick it up.”
“Is it one of the Riley brothers?” I moved away from the body as quickly as I could.
“No, it’s not a kid. It’s somebody bigger. A lot bigger. Some old man with long gray hair.”
“Oh thank goodness it’s not Doc. It must be Buzzard?” “No, it’s not Buzzard either. It’s not anybody I know.”
I grabbed Dub’s arm and pulled myself up beside him. My hands were shaking and my throat was so dry I could barely talk. My mind was racing, I could think of nothing but the worst. My ankle was banged up. There was a dead man ten feet away. Whoever killed him could still be around and hiding behind a rock waiting to leap out on top of us. It looked as if what Dub kicked in the Blue Hole probably was Doc. Whoever put the cross by the dogwood and hung the doll from the tree on top of the bluff did not do it for a joke. On top of it all, we were probably being stalked by a killer.
Once the Bats settled down and were back hanging on the ceiling above us, I asked Dub if he had a match.
“Here you go. It’s the only one I’ve got. Be careful.”
“Let’s light the torches again and get out of here.” I wanted to get away from the dead guy as quickly as possible.
“Just using a match won’t catch a pine knot on fire. We’ve only got one chance, let’s not screw up.”
I checked my pockets and pulled a crumpled piece of paper from my overalls. “Well, here’s one stroke of luck. It’s my camping gear list. The one I thought I left at home and figured Mom would find. This should be enough to catch my pine knot. It’s got a lot of resin oozing out.”
Dub struck the match on the metal button of his bib overalls and set fire to the camping gear list. I held the burning paper close to a patch of resin and it caught fire quickly. Within seconds the flames lapped up the sides of the pine knot and once again we had light.
“Take a look at the dead guy,” Dub said. “I don’t know him, but you might.”
“Let’s get the heck out of here fast as we can. It doesn’t matter who it is, since it’s not Doc.”
“You should take a look. Maybe you know who it is?”
He grabbed my arm and I struggled to my feet. Hanging onto his shoulder, I walked over beside the dead man and Dub lowered the torch so we could see his face.
 “Holy smoke! He’s been burned like one of the Conner brothers. Look at the side of his neck.”
“If we get out of all this mess alive, you should write a book about it,” Dub lit the other pine knot and backed away from the body. “Come on, let’s get out of here.”
“We’re in trouble now. Once we tell about finding this guy, Mom will know we’ve been in the cave.”
“I think the fact we’re still alive will count for something.”
“I guess we don’t have to tell anybody. Nothing can be done for him now and he’s already buried.”
Dub gave me a strange look, as if maybe he thought I started to think a little bit crazy myself, but he did not say a word. I did okay crawling through the passageway, but when I stood up at the waterfall, a throbbing pain shot up my leg and I groaned. “Can you make it?” Dub asked, before we started around the narrow ledge that circled the pool of water.
I gritted my teeth. “I don’t have any choice, do I?”
I eased along the ledge, digging into the soft layer of Bat manure with the toes of my good foot, while clinging to the rock wall with my fingers. I froze a couple of times when I slipped and almost fell. Dub encouraged me to keep going and once I made it past the deep pool of water, I put my arm around Dub’s shoulders and hobbled to the mouth of the cave.
I sat down on a rock and took a close look at my swollen ankle. I determined it was sprained, not broken.
Dub sat down across from me. “I think we better go home. Don’t you, Tommy? I can’t stay another night. With all the things that have happened, it’s too scary.”
“I think you’re right. It’ll be slow-goin’ with my hurt foot, but I can’t stay another night either.”
“You’ll be okay. Just gradually put a little more weight down on your foot. You’ll be walkin’ in no time. You seem better already.”
I put my full weight down on the ball of my foot to test it out. Even though it was painful, it was bearable.
“You’re right. It feels better than it did. I’m not cured, but I think I’ll survive.”
“We’ll have some stories to tell the kids at school on Monday.” I tried not to think of what lay ahead in the Blue Hole. “We sure will.” Dub took the lead and we walked away, Dub carrying the rifle. I picked up a sun-bleached stick and used it as a cane. It steadied me as I hobbled along behind him.
 As we walked the trail back toward the Blue Hole, I noticed everything was pretty much back to life as usual. The snake that dropped into the water as we walked past on our way upriver had crawled back onto the low-hanging branch. The beaver swam along under the low-hanging willow branches. He slapped his tail and dived under the water again. A family of turtles was lined up all in a row, sunning on a log. A half dozen a goggle-eyes had ventured out from the root wad and slowly moved their tails back and forth to maintain a position along the edge of the fast-moving current.
“Maybe we should keep movin’ along,” Dub said, as we got within sight of the Blue Hole. “We could head home and not look down into the water. I’m so afraid of what we might see, I don’t know if I’ll be able to open my eyes.”
“I wish we could, but we can’t. When they come up after the man in Leatherwood Cave, they’ll see what’s in the Blue Hole. I don’t like it any more than you do, but we’ve got to look. I’ll look first if you want me to.”
In what must have been an overwhelming urge to get the terrible act over and done with, Dub ran across the gravel bar to the rock ledge and looked down into the water. My heart sank when I saw him standing there not saying a word.
“What is it?” I asked wearily, as I tried to prepare myself for the horror of it all. “I’ve got to get up higher,” he said, as he started across the spring branch. “I see something moving back and forth down in the water. I can’t tell for sure what it is.”
Dub climbed the rock ledge that stair-stepped its way up the face of the bluff, until he was about fifteen feet above the water. He stopped and paused for a moment, then turned around, slowly.
I could tell by the grimacing look on his face and the way he hunched up his shoulders something was wrong. The last time I saw him show so much fear, we were in the henhouse gathering eggs. He put his hand in the chicken’s nest and grabbed hold of a big black snake. Only that time he screamed and ran, and this time he was frozen like a statue.
“What’s the matter?” I started toward him, having no doubt what he was looking at was my greatest fear.
He let out a bloodcurdling howl, threw his arms up in the air and fell backwards against the face of the bluff, banging his head against the rock wall.
“What’s wrong?” I shouted out, as I walked faster. When he did not answer, I panicked and shouted at him again. “Answer me, damn it! What’s the matter?”
“Oh my God.” Tears ran down his cheeks. “It’s awful, Tommy. It’s awful.”
“Hold on, I’m comin’.” I splashed across the spring branch, pain shooting up from my ankle when I slipped on the moss-covered rocks and fell to my knees into the cold water. When I climbed the ledge and grabbed hold of Dub’s arm he was trembling. “This is terrible.” He wiped away the tears.
“What did you see?” I knew full well what it had to be, but I did not want to look before he told me. He started to say something twice, but both times he bit down on his lip and looked away.
I stood up and turned around when Dub pointed down at the water. I shaded my eyes against the glare of the sun on the surface of the water and leaned out over the edge of the rock ledge for a better look. I turned away quickly hoping what I thought I saw was my mind playing tricks on me. I squinted my eyes and when I looked again, there it was as plain as day. “Oh no!” I realized I leaned out too far and I was teetering on the edge of the ledge with my arms flailing the air. I was about to fall into the water.
Dub reached out and grabbed my pant leg at the last second and I regained my balance, falling back against the bluff. The horrifying thing I saw in the water and nearly fallen on top of was poor old Doc Barnes. His arms floated up over his head and his hands flopped back and forth in the current as if he were waving good-bye. His hound, Lucky, was tied by a rope to his side.
I put my arm around Dub’s shoulders and we sat on the ledge, looking out across the river. I started to say something a couple of times but could not find the right words.
“Why did this happen to Doc?” Dub’s voice quivered. “He was the nicest person in the whole world.” Before I could say anything he blurted out, “What about you and me? Do you think we’ll get out alive?” “We’ll make it.” I patted him on the shoulder. “Anything tries to stop us will have to go through me.”
Without looking into the water again, we helped each other climb back down the rock ledge. I looked up in the Sycamore tree as we started across the spring branch and heard a robin sing. A gentle breeze rustled the leaves and a ray of sunlight sparkled in my eye. I looked at the mouth of the Blue Hole cave when I felt a rush of cool air and remembered Doc always said this was the most peaceful place he had ever been.
Dub stopped beside the tent and looked up at the clear blue sky. “Why do things have to be so sad I wonder? Is this the way it’s going to be forever?”
“Once we get away from here, things will be okay.” I bit down on my lip and looked away. Walking over to the edge of the water for one last look, I turned away quickly when I saw Doc’s hands flopping up and down in the water.
There was a noise in the woods above the mouth of the Blue Hole cave. It sounded like somebody crunched down on a carrot.
“What was that?” I whispered, as I grabbed the rifle, and Dub picked up a big rock.
“I don’t know, but I heard it too.”
“We’ve got to stay on our toes.” We listened carefully, and continued to scan the woods. “Anyone crazy enough to kill Doc and Lucky probably wouldn’t think twice about doing the same thing to us.”
“We’ve got to get out of here.” I looked up at the top of the bluff and remembered Doodle’s dream where a big rock tumbled from the top and smashed the two of us to smithereens.
“What’s the matter, Tommy?” Dub walked around behind me. “Did you see something? Why are you looking up there?”
I saw a turkey buzzard land in a dead tree on top of the bluff. “Come on, let’s go. We’ll leave the gear. Someone can pick it up when they come for Doc and Lucky.” Dub pointed upriver toward Leatherwood Cave. “Oh yeah. They can pick him up too.”
“You’re right, let’s get goin’.” Dub hurried over to the tent and grabbed his shoes. He sat down on a rock and slipped them on, but his hands were shaking so badly he could not tie the laces.
“We’ll be all right.” I walked over to help him and tied the first knot. Then I got in a hurry and pulled too hard, breaking the second lace. “Sorry.”
I wondered if we would be able to break our streak of bad luck before it broke us.
Dub cleared his throat a couple of times before he could speak. “Now I’m in trouble. What if I have to run? How will I keep my shoe from flying off my foot?”
 I jumped up and dug some string out of my pack. I tied it to the broken end of the shoelace then, in a hard knot so there was no way it would come loose without being cut.
“There you go. You should be okay now. That knot will never come loose.”
“I guess so.” Dub stuck his foot out in front of him. “I hope I don’t get into deep water and need to kick off my shoes so I can swim. I’ll probably  “You can cut the lace with your knife before that happens. Now let’s go. All we need to take is the rifle.” I grabbed the rifle and we started across the river.
“What about the snakes? If we went back by way of Buzzard’s place, at least there wouldn’t be any cottonmouths.”
“With the river so low, we can walk on the open gravel bar most of the way. All we’ve got to do is stay away from the driftwood piles.” I reached over and patted Dub on the shoulder. “You’ll be all right. There’s only one place where we’ll need to cross the river again, that’s Cut Bank Chute. You remember that place don’t you?” I forced a smile when he looked at me and raised his eyebrows.
“I sure do. That’s where I thought I was goin’ to drown. You were too stubborn to walk the boat around the edge of the swift water and we turned over. I lost my fishin’ rod, too.”
I remembered Dub sitting out on the gravel bar crying, the boat lodged up under a big root wad and me running downriver after the paddles as they floated away.
“You’re right. I learned my lesson that day. Even with the river being low, the undertow will still be strong. As long as we’re careful, we’ll be okay.”
Dub gave me a nod, but I don’t think he heard half of what I said. He just wanted to get away from the Blue Hole.
To reassure him, and myself, and anyone else that might be listening how dangerous I could be, I held the .22 rifle above my head and yelled, “I can shoot out the eye of a squirrel at a hundred yards.”
I slid the bolt back and checked to make sure there was still a cartridge in the chamber. It was a habit that made me feel secure.
“I’m glad we’re not goin’ back by Buzzard’s place. I’ll take my chances with snakes and fast water chutes.” Dub laughed nervously as he looked up at the turkey buzzards sitting in a dead tree on the top of the bluff. “How long will it take us to get home?” he asked, as we waded across the riffle to the shallow side of the river and started down the open gravel bar.
“We’ll be home before dark,” figuring the law of averages was surely with us and nothing else bad would happen.
Dub looked at me and frowned. He picked up a rock and threw it at a driftwood pile in the edge of the woods fifty feet away. “Yeah, unless something else happens to stop us.”
“We’ll make it, believe me. We’ll follow the gravel bar for the next three miles or so until we reach Cut Bank Chute. Once we pass that spot, we should be at the house by eight o’clock or so.”
I knew Dub was afraid to cross the river at Cut Bank Chute, where we accidentally turned the boat over the last time we floated. Getting tangled up in a root wad and sucking in water instead of air does that to a person.
“Another good reason to go downriver is we can jump in the water and cool off when we get hot.” I walked out into the riffle to cross the river and splashed some water in my face. Dub ran past me and I hurried to catch up when he took the lead, gritting my teeth when my ankle gave me some pain as I hobbled along.
Neither of us said anything for some time, until I spotted something up ahead. I stopped and shaded my eyes against the glare of the sun with the flat of my hand.
“What is it?” Dub asked as he walked back toward me. “What do you see?”
I tilted my head to one side and took a couple of steps to my right for a better view. “I thought I saw something flash up ahead. Something shiny, like a mirror.”
Once we walked closer, I saw the shiny object was a hunting knife, a fancy, expensive-looking knife with a bone handle. Not something a person would leave behind, unless they were in a hurry.
“What is it?”
“It’s a knife. You can see what it is as well as I can.”
“What’s on the blade?” Dub asked when he hunkered down for a closer look. “Oh no, it’s blood isn’t it?” I did not answer right away. “Is it blood or not?”
I whirled around and looked behind us, scanning the woods on both sides of the river. I squeezed the stock of the rifle tighter to stop my hands from shaking.
“Somebody probably used it to gut a squirrel. They forgot to pick it up, that’s all.” I knew it was not likely anyone would be hunting squirrels so far away from civilization in such summer heat.
Dub grabbed my arm with both hands and squeezed down like a vise.
“Maybe we better go back through the woods. We’ll walk around the spot where we met the Conner brothers. Once we’re past Buzzard’s place we’ll be okay. Do you think we’d be better off?”
“We sure can if you want to.” I pointed up ahead at a blood-splattered rock.
“We’re trapped, aren’t we?” Dub’s voice was so weak he was barely coherent. “We’ve got ourselves trapped for good.”
I finally must have overdosed on fear, because I felt fairly calm. I was so overconfident I decided a smart thing to do to scare off our unknown stalker was to yell out a bunch of empty threats.
“Hell no, we’re not trapped! I’ve got a rifle. Nothing can get us with a bullet in its brain!” I got so excited my voice squeaked, so I shut up.
“I can help,” Dub jerked his hunting knife out of the sheath and waved it in the air. “I can stab them in the back.”
Once again, what bothered me more than anything was the thought I might have to shoot someone? Could I actually get up the courage to pull the trigger? I looked around, figuring the person I might have to shoot was probably watching us from behind a tree. I pulled back the bolt and looked at the .22 cartridge. It looked so small. What if it doesn’t stop him? I mumbled. What if I only nick his ear and it only makes him madder?
“What did you say?”
“Nothing. I didn’t say anything.” The fear I thought was gone, was back. My stomach churned and there was a bitter taste in my mouth.
“We’ve got to do something. We can’t get\ trapped here tonight. We won’t will we, Tommy?”
“We won’t get trapped.” I promised, as I watched a Kingfisher winging its way along the edge of the water on the bluff side of the river. “We’ll be home tonight.” We have got to get home, I thought. We’ll be dead for sure if we have to stay away another night. I wanted to scream but I forced myself to remain calm.
“You think the blood came from Doc or Lucky?” Dub stared down at the knife.
I ran my fingers through my hair and shook my head. “I don’t think so. I don’t know for sure.”
“Let’s go right now. Not stop for anything. Get away fast as we can,” Dub said as he started down the gravel bar. We had only gone a couple of hundred yards when we found the remains of a wild Hog lying at the entrance to a deep ravine. A big razorback with his hindquarters cut away. From the color of the red meat, it looked like fresh kill.
“There’s where the blood came from. Not from Doc or Lucky. Does that make you feel any better?”
I stared at the sharp pair of white tusks above the Hog’s upper lip and remembered the day an old boar gutted one of Uncle Ira’s hounds. When the boar got cornered, he lunged forward and tossed the dog five feet in the air.
“Doc’s killer is probably watchin’ us right now, isn’t he, Tommy? Do you think he is or not?”
I walked over beside the carcass for a closer look. I heard a noise up in the woods sounded like someone stepped on a dead twig.
“What was that?” Dub whispered, as he walked up behind me so close I felt his breath on the back of my neck. I heard it again, only louder. I got the same sinking feeling when the Conner brothers surprised us at the spring. My knees were so weak I could barely stand. I knew if it was them, it would mean they were Doc’s killers for sure and we would be dead.
I tilted my head to one side and looked up the ravine where a thick mat of grapevines hung down from the branches of a big oak tree. I pointed at the tree and said, “I thought I saw something. Did you see anything?”
“Look out!” Dub jumped backwards.
“Oh no!” A tall skinny man with his arms and legs spread out as if he were a giant flying squirrel leaped out from the big tree toward us. When I tried to get out of the way, I got tangled up in my feet and fell down. I rolled over in time to avoid being crushed.
The wild-looking creature hit the ground right beside me with a thud, knocking the wind out of himself. I scrambled away, leaving him gasping for air and moaning. I grabbed Dub by the arm and started to run, then a sudden rush of courage hit me and I made one of the bravest decisions of my life.
“We’re not goin’ to run. Hurry back to camp and get the rope. I’ll stay here and guard him while you’re gone.”
“Oh my gosh,” Dub said, when the beat-up- looking old man rolled over on his back. “Stay where you are, or I’ll shoot,” I warned, pointing the rifle right between the guy’s bushy black eyebrows. “Go on, Dub. Get the rope. Hurry up.”
Dub gave me a wild-eyed look. “I can’t go all that way by myself, Tommy. You must be crazy.”
“We either have to tie him up or shoot him. He’ll come after us if we don’t do one or the other.” I held out the rifle and offered it to Dub. “Here, take it and do him in right now if you’re not goin’ after the rope.”
“Stop it, Tommy. Just stop it. I won’t shoot him and you know it.”
“Then go on and get the rope. It’s not far. You’ll be back in five minutes.”
“Will you shoot him if he comes after you, Tommy?” Dub asked, as he walked around behind me.
I lowered my voice, hoping to sound extra tough. “Damn right I will. I’ll shoot him right between the eyes.”
Without another word, Dub whirled around and headed up the river at a dead run.
“You’ll be back in no time,” I yelled. I knew he was scared and I hated to send him off by himself, but I could not leave him in charge of such a dangerous prisoner.
The wild man propped himself up on one elbow and looked around, rubbing his head. He put his hand on the ground and started to get up. I stepped forward, put my foot in the middle of his chest, shoved him back down on the gravel bar and yelled, “You better stay down.”
The poor guy looked as if he had been beat half to death with a garden rake. His face was scratched and his bare feet were cut up, bruised and bleeding. His ragged, dirty overalls hung in shreds. Chunks of bark, pieces of leaves and even a dead horsefly were lodged in his scraggly graying beard and on top of all that, his nose was bleeding from his fall.
When he raised up on his elbow again and I got a good look at his long pointed nose from the side, I realized who he was. “You’re Buzzard Thompson, aren’t you?” I could not believe how much he had changed in one year. What used to be a big muscular two-hundred-and-fifty pound bull of a man looked like a Scarecrow. He was probably only around fifty years old, but he looked more like eighty.
“I’m Henry Thompson, you got that right.”
I thought I heard something up in the woods. “Is somebody else with you?”
“Nary a soul, Son,” he said, in a deep raspy voice. “Seems like I’ve been out here in these woods forever. All by myself.”
I heard the noise again, and something rustled the leaves. I sighed when I saw a bushy-tailed squirrel jump from a mulberry tree and scurry away.
Walking up close to the mouth of the ravine, I sat down on a big flat rock and kept the rifle pointed at him so he would know I meant business.
I wanted to ask him about Doc and Lucky, but I was afraid he would get upset and come after me, rifle or no rifle. On second thought, why would I care? I wondered. After what he had done, I should provoke him into an attack and use it as an excuse to shoot the crazy old devil.
Such bold thoughts were short-lived and I was saved from having to make a snap decision when I heard Dub yell at me from up the river.\
“I got it, Tommy. I got the rope,” he shouted, as he ran toward me so fast his knees were flying up under his chin. In the few seconds I looked away, Buzzard got up off the ground and when I turned around, he was standing in front of me, grinning.
“Hold it right there.” I stumbled backwards, pulled the firing pin back and pointed the rifle at Buzzard’s head. It was the scene in his cabin all over again, only this time it was for real.
“Is everything okay?” Dub gasped as he ran up to me, panting and out of breath. He handed me the rope.
“Buzzard’s tried to give me some trouble,” I said with a gruff voice. “I’ve got him under control now. I told him to stay on the ground, but he got up anyway. I might have to shoot him. I might.”
“I weren’t gonna’ hurt you boys none. You’ve got to know it.” Buzzard sounded so sincere I might have taken him seriously, if I not known the kind of animal he was. He was a killer of women and children and maybe Doc and Lucky and some poor man in Leatherwood Cave.
“Oh yeah? What if you’d landed on me when you jumped from behind the tree? Don’t you think that would have hurt? You could have squashed the life out of me.” I figured I had him trapped and there would not be another thing he could say.
“I didn’t jump. I slipped on a rock. Them rocks are slick. Covered with moss ya’ know. I started to step out from behind the tree and give myself up. I’m tired of runnin’ and hidin’. I don’t want to live in caves any more.”
“I’m surprised you made it back so fast,” I said to Dub, as I watched Buzzard’s every move, wondering how he would react to being tied up.
Dub took a deep breath and wiped the sweat from under his chin with the tail of his shirt. “I grabbed the rope and ran. I didn’t stop for anything except I did take one last look at Doc. You know something? He looked different somehow. I don’t know what it was. Just different.”
“What did you do that for? Haven’t you been scared enough?” I glared at Dub and shook my head.
“I wish I hadn’t now. He looked scary. His eyes are about to bug out of his head.”
I started to ask Dub another question when I saw Buzzard take a step toward me and I yelled, “Hold it right where you are.”
“Shoot him, Tommy,” Dub said. “Do it before he gets too close.”
I laid my cheek down on the rifle stock and took aim right between Buzzard’s bushy eyebrows. He made up my mind for me by coming so close. I had no choice but to pull the trigger.
My hands shook, I got light-headed and I felt as if I were going to pass out. Dub saved me when he changed his mind and yelled, “No don’t, Tommy. Please don’t.”
Buzzard flinched, threw his hands up in front of his face and stumbled backwards.
“Why do you want to tie me up?” Buzzard asked. “I ain’t done nothin’ wrong.”
What about Doc and Lucky? What about killing your family? I wanted to get right up in his face and demand he give me a straight answer to those two questions. Only thing stopped me was being afraid he might turn on me. Dub, on the other hand, started yelling at Buzzard and he could not seem to stop.
“What do you mean you ain’t done nothing? You killed Doc and Lucky. You call that nothing? They’re dead in the Blue Hole right now. What about your family? I guess you didn’t do anything to them either? What about the man in Leatherwood Cave?”
I grabbed Dub by the arm and shook him good. “Stop it!” I shouted. I could only imagine what awful fury Dub had stirred up with such a tongue- lashing, especially him talking about what Buzzard did to his family.
“I didn’t kill ‘em, Son. I’d never hurt a hair on Doc’s head. He was too good to me and my family. I’d never do something like that, ever.” Buzzard sounded even more pitiful and sincere. If I had not known better I would have thought he was telling the truth.
I thought of a question I figured would trap him once and for all. Before I could say anything, I was startled by the loud crack of an exploding .22 cartridge. I stumbled backwards, knocking Dub to his knees. I accidentally pulled the trigger and fired the rifle. The bullet kicked up a patch of gravel in front of Buzzard’s foot and ricocheted off through the trees.
“Mercy,” Buzzard cried out, as he jumped to one side. My mouth fell open and I stuttered, saying how sorry I was I almost accidentally shot old Buzzard. “Be careful, Son. You might shoot somebody with that damned little popgun.” He smiled smugly and began to move his head up and down. I realized why he had not gotten upset. My Stevens Crack-Shot bolt-action .22 rifle held only one cartridge.
I gulped a couple of times before I could catch my breath. I fumbled around in my pocket, pulled out a .22 cartridge and with shaky hands, I slipped it into the chamber and closed the bolt. I could not believe Buzzard had not come after me. He stood there and watched.
Then something dawned on me that made a lot of sense. I figured he must want us to take him back to town so he could stand trial. He could be sentenced to hang and get put out of his misery. That was why he has not made any desperate moves to escape, I thought.
“We’ve got to tie you up, Buzzard.” I thought he would probably put up a fuss. Instead he put his hands behind his back and stood there looking up at the sky. I am right, I thought. He’s giving up so he can get put out of his misery.
“Go on, Dub. Tie him up.”
“Me tie him up? Why me? You can tie a better knot than I can. You’re also a lot stronger.”
“Good gosh, can’t you see I’m guarding the prisoner? Why don’t you use your head for a change?”
 “All right, I’ll guard him for awhile,” Dub said as he grabbed the rifle and handed me the rope.
“Okay,” I growled at him. “Whatever you do, don’t pull the bolt back until you’re ready to shoot. I don’t want you to shoot me by accident. You saw what I almost did to Buzzard. You hear what I’m sayin’?” I walked around behind Buzzard, wrapped the rope around his wrist a couple of times and tied a hard knot. I pulled on the rope to make sure the knots were secure, and then wiped my sweaty palms off on my pant leg.
“What are ya gonna’ do now?” Buzzard asked.
“Leave you here I guess. Somebody will come back for Doc and Lucky tomorrow. You’ll be all right won’t you?”
“You’ve got to take me with you. I won’t cause no trouble. You leavin’ me here would be like pullin’ the wings off a fly.”
“We can’t do it,” I said as I looked over at Dub. “Can we?”
“Why not? What if we’re attacked? Buzzard can fight off the killer. I’d feel bad about leaving him here for so long.”
I looked up at the turkey buzzards circling overhead and thought of them swooping down onto the gravel bar after we were gone downriver. It would be another scene like we saw with the dead Deer, only a whole heck of a lot worse.
“I guess you’re right. We’ll take him along for protection.”
“I’m beholden to you, boys,” Buzzard said, as he looked up the ravine.
“What are you looking at up there?” I asked suspiciously, still figuring someone else may be around. “You got something hidden away up there you need to take along?”
 Buzzard cleared his throat and looked away. “No. Not nothin’. There ain’t nothin’ I want. Not anymore.”
“Do you promise not to run away?” I said.
He glanced up the ravine again then looked down at the ground. “I promise. Promise not to cause no trouble.”
“You’ve got to walk up in front of us all the way back to town. You know that, don’t you?” Buzzard looked at me and nodded his head.
Dub laughed. “Him clopping along in front of us will scare the snakes too.”
I patted Dub on the shoulder and smiled. “Our luck’s changing for the better,” I said. “Don’t you think so?”
“Could be. I sure hope so.” Dub was fidgeting around and looking up into the woods as if he thought something might swoop down on us at any second. “Let’s get out of here fast as we can. How are we doing on time?” Dub asked nervously. “Do you still think we’ll make it home before dark?”
I threw my shoulders back and tried to sound as determined as possible. “We’ll make it to our house before sundown or I’ll know the reason why.”
Dub wiped the sweat from his eyes. “I’ll go crazy if we spend another night on the river. I will, Tommy. I will.”
“We’ll make it home. I promise.” I pointed the rifle downstream and motioned for Buzzard to head out. We followed along behind him with the rope swaying from side to side between us.
I grabbed Dub’s arm when he reached out and jiggled the rope, making it dance. “We’ve got everything under control. Let’s not mess up.”
“It’s like we’ve got a plow horse up in front of us. Isn’t it, Tommy?” Dub snickered and put his hand over his mouth.
“A skinny one, I guess. We’d better not get too cocky. We’re still a long way from home. Do you think Buzzard was telling the truth about not killing Doc and Lucky? He sure sounded sincere. I halfway believe him.”
Dub looked at me and frowned. “Who else could have done such a thing? He probably killed the guy in Leatherwood Cave too.”
“I wonder what caused him to go crazy enough to kill his wife and kids. That’s what I’d like to know. I’ve been afraid to ask.”
“What if I say something about it to him? I will if you want me to, Tommy.”
“Let me say something first. I don’t want him to get upset.” I took a few quick steps and pulled up the slack in the rope. I wanted to get close enough so Buzzard could hear me. “How’d you get away when the dogs trailed you to the edge of the bluff after you killed your family?”
Buzzard stopped and turned around. By the pained expression on his face and the wild look in his eyes, I figured he was going to come after me. Instead, without saying a word, he turned around and started down the gravel bar again. For the next ten minutes he kept the rope stretched tight between us and we trotted along behind.
Buzzard whirled around again. Dub and I looked at one another and rolled our eyes. We were about to find out the answer to a question all of Simpson County wondered about for the past year.
“I climbed a tree. That’s how I got away. I climbed to the top of a big tall oak.”


Chapter Fifteen

Buzzard walked up to within ten feet of us and stopped when I raised my rifle.
“I dangled my feet over the side.”
“What are you talkin’ about?”
“When I got to the edge of the bluff. I dangled my feet over the side,” he said again. “Then I wrapped ‘em in turpentine-soaked gunnysacks.”
“Where did you get the gunnysacks?” Dub asked.
“Brought ‘em with me,” Buzzard said. “That’s one of the best ways in the world to lose a pack of hounds.”
“Pretty smart idea,” I said.
“After I did that I walked back up the trail and climbed a tree. That’s where I stayed for the rest of the day.”
“What did you do then?” Dub asked.
“I climbed down after dark and waded along the edge of the river to Leatherwood Cave. I holed up there until things cooled off, and then headed deeper into woods.
I asked Buzzard if he had been to Leatherwood Cave lately, thinking he might say something about the dead man we found. He said not for long while because too many people snooped around the area for it to be safe.
“How did you find your way upriver in the dark?” I asked, figuring he would not dare use a light.
Buzzard gave me a snaggle-toothed smile. “I know the woods like a cat. There was also a full moon.”
“Seems like somebody would have thought to look for you up in one of the trees,” Dub said.
“You know how people are. Half the time they’re too busy complicatin’ things to think of somethin’ starin’ ‘em right in the face. Deputy Styles stood under my tree for a half-hour and never looked up.”
“You’ll like this one,” I said. “Deputy Styles told people in the Pool Hall he thought you might have sailed across the river using a homemade kite.”
“The man’s dumb as a stump,” Buzzard said, as he wiped the sweat from his forehead, turned around mumbling to himself and tromped off down the gravel bar.
I wanted to know more about what happened but figured I had pushed him enough for the time being. Anything I did not find out before we got to town would come out during his trial.
“You know the first thing I’m doin’ when I get home? I’m gettin’ me a tall glass of Mom’s ice-cold lemonade. I’ll probably drink the whole thing in one big long gulp.”
“Sounds good to me.” Dub shook his head and a shower of sweat flew through the air like a dog fresh out of water. “I wish I had one to drink right now. I feel like I’m about to burn up. Can we stop and rest pretty soon?”
I looked downriver at a driftwood pile stacked up against the bluff on our side of the river and saw water splashing up over the top of a big boulder.
I pointed up ahead. “There’s our crossing. That’s where we’ll stop and rest for a few minutes.” “That’s Cut Bank Chute,” Dub yelled at Buzzard. “We’ve got to be careful right here. It’s one of the most dangerous places on the river.”
“You think I don’t already know that, boy?” Buzzard yelled back over his shoulder. “I’ve been livin’ around these parts my whole life.”
“I don’t remember so much driftwood piled up against the bluff,” Dub said. “I know for sure the big dead tree wasn’t there last time.”
“That big spring rain caused the river to get up out of its banks after we made our last float trip,” I said.
“I thought maybe we could ease our way along the edge of bluff. Not have to cross the river where the current is so swift. It looks like the trail is completely blocked.” Dub sounded upset, and for good reason.
I looked at the driftwood pile, all tangled with grapevines and poison ivy. In my wildest dreams I could not imagine climbing over the top of such a snake-infested mess. I walked up to the edge of the water and I looked at the fast-moving current.
“I can’t see the bottom,” I said. “It looks swift and dangerous.” “If you fall you’ll get swept downstream in a hurry,” Dub said. “I don’t like the looks of it one bit.”
“We’ve got no choice but to cross. Either that or live here.” I handed Dub the rifle and untied Buzzard’s wrists. Buzzard squatted down and scooped up a drink of water. Splashing a handful in his face, he rubbed the back of his neck and looked up at me. “I’ll wade across first if you’re afraid.”
“Wade across,” I said, snickering. “It’s too deep to wade. The only way you’ll get to the other side is swim.”
Buzzard looked up at the sky and began to moan like an old hound dog baying at the moon. When I asked him what was wrong he stumbled out into the water and cried out, “I’m goin’ to see my family. I’m finally goin’ home.”
“What are you doing?” I yelled, as he charged downstream toward the cut bank, where the deep water was churning like a washing machine. Within seconds the swift current knocked him down and sucked him under.
I jumped up in the air, trying to get a better look. I splashed into the water and saw him bouncing off the rocks as he tumbled end over end downstream. He came to the surface and yelled, “I didn’t kill Doc!” He disappeared again.
“Did you hear what he said?” I yelled back over my shoulder at Dub. “Did you hear what Buzzard said about Doc?”
“What?” Dub shouted as he waded out into the water. “I didn’t hear what you said.” Buzzard popped up to the surface one last time and cried out, “I didn’t kill my family either! God as my witness.”
“Oh Lordy.” I dived into the water, letting the current sweep me downstream. I back-paddled with my hands to slow myself down as I passed within a few feet of Buzzard and saw he was hung up in some tree roots under the cut bank. He was swaying back and forth in the rushing water like a long, tall bushy-headed rag doll.
I reached out to grab him, and pulled my hand back when he lunged forward. I shivered at the thought of him grabbing hold of my hand and pulling me under with him. I swam across the river and stood up as Dub dived into the water and drifted downstream toward Buzzard.
“I’ll get him out!” Dub yelled as he ducked his head under the water.
“Get out of there!” I screamed. “He’ll pull you under.”
I was too late. Dub did not hear what I said. He was headed for what could be a horror even worse than my snake dreams.
“I’ll pull him out,” Dub yelled when he came back up for a quick breath of air and disappeared again.
I ran into the water when I saw Buzzard working his fingers back and forth. He was trying to grab hold of Dub.
“My God, get out,” I shrieked, when Dub surfaced again. My heart was pounding so hard I could barely catch my breath.
Dub realized in time the danger he was in and began to swim away. I ran upstream and dived into the water for one last look. As I floated past Buzzard’s lifeless body, I saw a smile on his face as if he found peace at last. 


Chapter Sixteen

“What did you see?” Dub yelled, when I raised my head up out of the water and wiped my eyes.
“He’s gone for sure,” I shouted over the roar of the splashing water. “He looks like a gray ghost with a beard.”
I stood up and walked over beside Dub, where we stared at Buzzard’s lifeless body drifting from side to side in the fast-moving current.
“How could he up and drown himself?” Dub shook his head. When I did not say anything he looked over at me with tears in his eyes. “What do we do now?”
“I don’t know.” I walked up on the gravel bar and flopped down. I pointed up in the sky at the turkey buzzards circling overhead like big black kites. “It didn’t take them long to know something was dead.”
Dub squinted his eyes against the glare of the sun and groaned. “How could they know about it already?”
“I don’t know. It’s pretty spooky they have followed us ever since we got to the river. I’ve not looked up one time that they were not watching us from a dead tree.”
“Buzzard couldn’t swim, could he, Tommy?”
“Oh, he could swim all right. He didn’t want to live any longer. He wanted out of his misery.”
“You serious? You think he killed himself on purpose?”
“Lordy, Dub. Just think about the awful life he’s had. If the real killers are never found, people will always figure Buzzard killed everybody. No matter if he did or not.”
“I guess so.”
“Not only that, him walking into town tied to a rope captured by a couple of kids. That would be hard for an ol’ woodsman to take.”
“What do you mean if the real killers are never found? Why did you say that?”
“If you’d heard what he said and saw the way he looked goin’ down for the last time you would know. You’d have realized Buzzard doesn’t have a mean bone in his body. He wouldn’t kill a fly. I know it now.”
“All I heard was you asking me if I heard what Buzzard said, but I couldn’t hear him because the river was too loud. What did he say anyhow?”
 “First he said, ‘I didn’t kill Doc.’ Just before he went down the last time, he said, ‘I didn’t kill my family either.’“
“So you believe him?”
“Yeah, I believe him. No reason for him to lie at that point.”
“Makes sense. If Buzzard didn’t kill Doc and he didn’t kill his family or the man in Leatherwood Cave, who did?” Dub asked. “Maybe the same person that killed them all?”
“I don’t know.” I jumped up off the gravel bar and looked up into the woods on both sides of the river, figuring whoever it was could be watching us. “I’ll tell you one thing for darn sure, we’ve got ourselves some good story to tell. We surely do.”
Dub nervously drummed on the side of his leg with the tips of his fingers. “We sure have left a trail of bodies up and down the river, haven’t we?”
 I looked him square in the eye. “The thing about it is, Dub. We’re not home yet either.”
Without another word, we turned downriver and headed toward the farmhouse. I started to say something to Dub at least twenty times before we reached our destination, but there did not seem to be anything left to say we had not already beat into the ground.
I kept reliving everything over and over in my mind as we hurried down the gravel bar. Why did Doc go to the Blue Hole in the first place? Did the Conner brothers have anything to do with the killings? If Buzzard was telling the truth, who was the killer? Would I ever find out anything else about the mysterious old man that appeared in our campsite the night before? One thing for sure, we would have a heck of a story to tell the kids at school on Monday.
Thankfully we made it home without anything else going wrong and when we walked through the front gate at the farmhouse, Dub looked at me and squeezed my hand. “Thanks for taking me camping, Tommy. It’s a trip I’ll never forget.”
I frowned and rolled my eyes. When I looked up and saw Mom step out onto the porch with Dad right behind, I smiled and walked toward them.
“What are you two doing home already?” she asked, as she walked down the front steps. “You’re red as a couple of boiled lobsters.”
The sound of her voice was all it took for Dub to break down and run toward her. He threw his arms around her waist and started to cry.
“What’s happened?” Dad asked. It was a simple enough question, but I could not come up with an answer to save my soul, so I stood there and stared at him as though I had taken leave of my senses.
“What’s the matter, Tommy?” Mom asked.
Before I could answer her, Dad said, “Has something bad happened? Did you find Doc?”
“I hate to tell you this.” I choked up and looked away. “We found Doc and Lucky too.”
Dad knew the answer before the words came out of my mouth.
“He’s dead.”
“Oh no,” Mom said, as she looked at Dad and he stood there shaking his head.
Dad cleared his throat and took a deep breath. “You found him dead. Where? Where did you find him, Tommy?”
“In the Blue Hole. We found him in the Blue Hole.”
Mom picked up the tail of her apron and wiped her eyes. “What in the world happened?”
“Lucky’s dead, too. He’s in the Blue Hole with Doc, and Buzzard drowned.”
Dad’s mouth dropped open when I hit him with all the news at once. “I don’t know why you’d make somethin’ like this up, but it sounds too crazy to be true.”
“It’s all true,” Dub said. “I wish it wasn’t. I wish we were makin’ it up more than anything in the world.”
Dad raised his eyebrows and looked at Mom. “Sounds like these boys have seen a mess of trouble. I want to know exactly what happened.”
Dub and I shuffled our feet, hemmed and hawed, but neither of us seemed to be able to say anything that made a whole lot of sense.
“Whatever it is, you know you can tell your Dad and me,” Mom said calmly. “I’ll go in and get some cold drinks. We can sit down on the porch and talk.”
Mom brought out the lemonade. She and Dad sat down on the porch swing. Dub and I sat on the steps. We told them about every sad and sorry thing that happened to us since we left home the day before.
The only significant thing we did not tell about was our encounter with the old man in the middle of the night. For some reason, even though we had not discussed if we should tell about it or not, neither of us said a word about the mystical part of our trip.
When we finished, Dad stood up and said he was going into town to find Uncle Ira. He told us we could ride along or stay with our mother. He gave each of us a hug. “Thank God you’re back home safe. It would be real lonesome around here without you two fine young men..”
Mom put her hands up to the side of her face and smiled to keep from crying. “I can’t imagine what a horrible trip this must have been for the both of you. Your Dad’s right about you being young men. You’ve grown up a lot in the last two days.”
“It was a lot worse than anything that’s ever happened in my life before,” Dub said. “You can bet on that for darned sure. I’ll listen closer the next time you have a feeling we shouldn’t go on a campin’ trip.”
Dad walked over to Mom and gave her a kiss on the cheek. “Do you want to ride in with me to tell Ira?”
“I’m okay here. You go on now, but hurry back.”
“You boys don’t look any worse for wear after such an ordeal,” Dad said. “I’m proud of you for holding up so well.”
“I’m goin’ with you to town,” I said, as I followed Dad out into the yard and we headed for the pickup truck.
“I’ll stay with Mom,” Dub said, as he walked over to the porch swing and sat down.
I waved good-bye when we pulled out onto the gravel road. Mom waved back and Dub yelled, “It’s great to be home, isn’t it, Tommy?”
“This is a real hard thing for your Mother and Dub,” Dad said, as he shifted into second and the gears crunched. “Nobody in the world thought more of ol’ Doc than those two did.”
“Dub will miss Lucky more than anyone else will too,” I said, but Dad did not hear me. He was too deep in thought as he looked out the window at the river.
Before I could say anything, Dad looked over at me and shook his head. “I can see where Buzzard may not have killed Doc and Lucky. He liked Doc and owed him an awful lot. Somebody else being the killer of his family, now, that’s a hard one to swallow.”
“That’s what he said, Dad. I was no more than fifteen feet away and I heard him say he didn’t do it as plain as day.”
Dad pulled a blue bandanna from the breast pocket of his overalls and wiped the sweat from under his chin. “That’s one of the craziest things I heard of in my life. You believe it’s true do you, Tommy?” He asked me, for the third time.
Once again, I said, “Yes sir, I do. Like I said, if you’d seen the look on Buzzard’s face before he went down the last time, you would have believed him too. There was no reason for him to lie at that point.”
“Well,” Dad said. “One good thing that’s come from your trip is Buzzard won’t be remembered as a killer. So, if that’s the case, who did kill Doc, Lucky and Buzzard’s family? Does it mean there are two killers on the loose, instead of one?” Dad paused for a moment to give it some more thought. “Just wait until folks around Lewiston get hold of this tale. There will be stories goin’ around that are wilder than a coyote.”
When I saw the same dead possum in the middle of the road Dad straddled with the pickup the day before, I looked out into the woods and thought about the school starting the next day. All I could think about was how nice it would be to see Lucy Denton again. When I told the story I would want to make sure she was close enough to hear every word.
“Maybe Buzzard actually said something else? Maybe the roar of the water caused you to not hear him right?” Dad had a hard time believing the entire town was wrong.
“All I know is what I heard. I’ll even swear to it on the Bible.”
We pulled up in front of the Pool Hall as Uncle Ira was locking up for the day.
“Howdy Dred. What are you doin’ back here already, Tommy? Did you boys get scared out or something?” Uncle Ira’s smile quickly disappeared when he saw the strained look on my face.
“We’ve got some bad news for you, Ira,” Dad said. “I don’t know any other way to tell you about it than to come right out and say it.”
The muscles in Uncle Ira’s neck tightened and his face looked like it turned to stone. There was no doubt he knew the bad news was something to do with Doc.
Dad did not waste any time getting the worst of it over with. “The boys found Doc and Lucky in the Blue Hole, both of ‘em dead.”
Uncle Ira looked at Dad for the longest time, in a shaky voice he said, “The Blue Hole. Why would they be there, of all places? Bobby Patterson must have been right. What happened? Did they drown?”
“No. Somebody killed ‘em and put ‘em in the water. The boys found Buzzard Thompson and he’s dead too. He drowned while Tommy and Dub was bringin’ him back to town.” Uncle Ira looked across the river at the church. He slumped down onto the wooden bench out in front of the Pool Hall and covered his face with his hands.
Dad climbed the steps and put his hand on Uncle Ira’s shoulder. “I know you and Doc were real close. This news will be hard on a lot of folks.”
“It will be a terrible thing to bear,” Ira said as he and Dad stood up and started down the steps.
“I guess there’s no doubt Buzzard killed Doc and Lucky?” Uncle Ira said.
“Buzzard swore he didn’t kill anybody and Tommy thinks he told the truth,” Dad said.
“The thing is,” I said to Uncle Ira, “Buzzard was drowning in the river at the time. He swore it to me with his last dying breath. No reason to lie.”
“So, Buzzard said he didn’t kill anybody, including his family?”
“That’s what Tommy’s sayin’ and after hearin’ his story I think Buzzard may very well have told the truth,” Dad said to Uncle Ira, as he wiped the sweat from his eyes.
“I’ve heard some pretty wild stories over the years, but this one will set the town on its ear, won’t it, Dred?” Uncle Ira looked up at the sky and shrugged his shoulders.
“This story will put a bad dose of fear in a lot of people while it’s making the rounds. You’re damned right about that, Ira.”
“This means there’s still at least one killer on the loose, maybe even more,” Uncle Ira said.
“Let’s go to our place and get this all sorted out,” Dad said. “We’ll stop at Sheriff Johnson’s and let him know what’s happened. He’ll probably want to go after the bodies early in the morning.”
Dad, Uncle Ira and I climbed into the pickup truck and we headed for the farmhouse after a visit to the Sheriff with a big brown cloud of dust flying up behind us. We walked up on the front porch, and after Mom and Uncle Ira gave each other a big hug, we bowed our heads and Mom said a prayer. Dub and I answered another round of questions about what happened, which included going to Leatherwood Cave and finding the dead man. This was a bit of new information, which caused Mom to look at me for some time while she shook her head. Lucky for us, Mom was so happy we were home safe she did not say anything about her warning us not to go into Leatherwood Cave. Not that we would not hear more about it after things settled down.
We spent the remainder of the evening telling stories about Doc and Lucky. Some were sad enough to raise a tear, others funny enough to make us laugh. Mom told about the camping trip when Doc split his britches and Lucky ran away with one of his shoes. Uncle Ira and Dad remembered all the nights they sat around a campfire and listened to the hounds run, sometimes until dawn. There was the tale about a float trip where Doc stood up at the same time the boat hit a rock and he fell into the water, frog gigging stories and fish gigging stories and Deer hunting trips and peoples lives saved and babies delivered by Doc, too many to count.
We sat out on the front porch and told one story after another until midnight. I learned a valuable lesson about how important it is for people to stick together when things seem to have gotten sadder than a body can bear. 


Chapter Seventeen

By the end of the evening, we all believed that Buzzard probably was not guilty of killing anyone. We also figured the real killer or killers were still in the area and might even stalk us as we made our way upriver to gather the bodies, which meant we should stick close together and be heavily armed.
Uncle Ira spent the night with us at the farmhouse and slept on a rollaway bed in the bedroom with Dub and I.
At daybreak, Sheriff Johnson and his posse of half dozen men rode up on horses, and we headed out on the gruesome journey.
We barely got out of the barn lot when the questions began to fly. As quickly as I could answer, somebody else would have another question.
“What about the Conner brothers?” John Lucas asked, as he unbuttoned his shirt and tied a red rag around his neck to help mop up the sweat. “You think they had anything to do with the killin’?”
Jim Perkins said, to no one in particular, “So...Buzzard claimed he didn’t kill his family. Well I’ll be damned.” He repeated the same thing three times or four in the first ten minutes of our ride.
Everyone strained an ear when Jack Johnson, a first cousin to the sheriff, asked again how was it Buzzard escaped after the posse trailed him to the edge of the bluff. Jack and Deputy Styles were the guys who stood under the tree Buzzard climbed. He poked out his lower lip, I could tell it bothered him Buzzard was right above his head. All he had to do was look up.
The one question I had the most difficulty coming up with a good answer for came from Sheriff Johnson. As it turned out, it was the most significant thing anyone asked all day.
“How long do you figure Doc and Lucky had been in the water when you found ‘em? Was they swollen up, or could you tell?”
“Well, it was early in the mornin’ an’ there was thick fog. And the bluff shaded the water so I couldn’t see down deep down in the water. There was also a breeze, which caused a ripple on the surface. From what I saw, they looked swollen all right,” I said. “To tell you the truth though, Sheriff, I didn’t look at ‘em very long. I’d guess they’d been there for a couple of days. Like I say, I’m not sure.”
As we rounded the bend in the river, about a quarter mile down from Cut Bank Chute, Uncle Ira stood up in the stirrups of his saddle and squinted his eyes.
“What’s that crawlin’ toward us?” He pulled his .30-30 rifle out of the scabbard and levered a cartridge into the chamber. “You boys see what I’m about? Surely I’m not the only one who can see the damned thing. It’s right there in the edge of the water.” He pointed the rifle up river.
“I see it now,” I said, as I rode up beside him.
“Whoa boy. Whoa.” Uncle Ira pulled back on the reins when his horse got skittish and pranced backwards.
Everyone rose up in their saddles and strained to get a better look.
“It looks like an animal crawlin’ along up there to me,” Jack said. “It’s too big to be a dog.”
“Hell, no, it’s not a dog. It’s a lot bigger than any dog I’ve ever seen. I think it’s a bear,” Bud Weaver said, as he pulled back the bolt and double-checked to make certain there was a cartridge in the chamber of his rifle.
What bothered me the most was everyone seemed to be so nervous and uneasy. Up until then, I took great comfort in the thought I was in the company of a fearless group of rough and ready Ozark mountain men, a rowdy bunch who would stand face to face with the toughest and meanest man or animal ever came down the trail. We watched silently as whatever it was continued to crawl down the river toward us. It would crawl along for a while, and then fall back down.
“Maybe we should wait until the fog clears. Maybe we shouldn’t go any further until we can get a better look,” Deputy Styles said, looking back over his shoulder at Sheriff Johnson for approval.
Sheriff Johnson held his rifle up over his head and said, “Let’s spread out and keep movin’.”
“It could be a man, the person that killed Doc maybe.
Might be Doc wounded him and he’s crawlin’ back to town for help,” I said.
“I say let’s rush it, Sheriff. Whatever it is, I don’t care,” Bud Weaver said in a cold hard voice.
“What in the world would we want to do that for?” Sheriff Johnson said. “It’s obvious the thing is half-dead. Why would you want us to run up on it like we was a bunch of wild animals? You should have been in General Custer’s army.”
“I’m pretty sure it’s a man. He’s looks covered with mud to me,” Uncle Ira said.
“Are you sure, Ira?” Deputy Styles asked, as he leaned out of the saddle to the right, trying to get a better look through the fog.
“I’m as sure about it as anything I’ve ever seen,” Uncle Ira said, as he looked back at Deputy Styles. “Is that sure enough for you?”
Out of the blue, Sheriff Johnson said, “All right Bud, you’ve got your wish. Let’s go see what the hell kind of a mess we’ve got here. Let’s ride.”
Everyone gave his horse a kick in the side and up the river we went, the sound of gravel crunching under horses hooves and dirt flying up in the air. I could hardly believe what I saw as we got close. I did not dare say anything though, I figured I surely must be wrong and I did not want the Sheriff to think I was as dorky as Bud Weaver.
“Who is it? Can you tell?” Dad said, as he galloped up beside the sheriff, and stared at a man lying facedown in the edge of the water.
“Turn him over,” Sheriff Johnson said, as Uncle Ira got down off his horse and walked up beside the mud-covered man.
“Oh. Oh,” the man moaned, as Uncle Ira put his hand on the man’s shoulder and gently rolled him over on his back.
It was Doc Barnes! He had a gash on his forehead and his clothes were in shreds, but thank God, he was still alive.
Uncle Ira dipped his handkerchief in the river and wiped off Doc’s face. He and Dad carried Doc out onto the riverbank and laid him on a blanket Sheriff Johnson brought along tied behind his saddle. Within a couple of minutes, Doc was drinking water from a canteen and he looked as if he would be a survivor. The mud, as it turned out, was actually Bat manure all over him from crawling around inside Leatherwood Cave.
“Do you feel like telling us what happened?” Sheriff Johnson asked. “If you’re not up to it yet, I’ll understand.”
Doc looked up at the sheriff and held out his shaky hand. “I’m so happy to be alive, I’m up to doin’ anything you want.”
“Quit if you get tired, Doc,” Sheriff Johnson said with a smile. “Don’t want you to wear yourself out.”
“Go ahead Doc. I can hardly wait to hear what you’ve got to say,” Uncle Ira said with a grin that stretched from ear to ear.
“After I left the Patterson place and headed for town—I’d only gone a little ways down the road when—”
I interrupted Doc. “Bobby Patterson told everybody you said you was goin’ to the Blue Hole. Did you say it or not?”
“I said somethin’ to Bobby about the sky lookin’ so blue, but I don’t remember sayin’ anything about goin’ to the Blue Hole.”
“I figured he didn’t know what he was talkin’ about. Sorry I interrupted. Go ahead, Doc.”
“Go on and continue, if you can, Doc,” Sheriff Johnson said.
“When I drove around the bend at Buck Holler, a man was layin’ face down in the road.”
When Doc paused to catch his breath, Bud Weaver said, “Could you make out who it was?”
“How could he tell, Bud? The man was face down in the road,” Sheriff Johnson said.
“I figured he was dead or bad hurt. When I stopped the truck and got out, the guy jumped up and stuck a pistol in my face.”
Doc held out his cup and smiled at me when I poured him some water.
“You’d better rest for awhile,” Uncle Ira said.
Doc laid down and pointed at the turkey buzzards circling overhead. “Them buzzards thought they had me for sure.”
“How could you have mistaken the man in the Blue Hole for Doc, Tommy?” The sheriff asked me with a gruff voice.
I looked him straight in the eye and pointed at the river. “Like I told you Sheriff, I couldn’t see down in the water very well. I bet you can’t even see the bottom right out there. Go ahead and look. Can you see any gravel or fish or not?”
He looked at the water. “No, I can’t,” he said calmly.
“The water’s only two feet deep here and like I said, there was also a ripple on the surface. On top of that, the man’s hair was flopping back and forth over his face. The other thing is, with Lucky being at his side, who wouldn’t have thought it was Doc?”
“It’s okay, Son,” Dad said. “It’s okay. Anybody would have thought it was Doc.”
“I’m sure glad you’re still around, Doc,” I said. “I know a lot of other people will be too, especially Mom and Dub. By now, half of the county thinks you’re dead.”
“Go on and tell us what happened, if you can,” Sheriff Johnson said.
“Anyway, the guy in the road told me his friend couldn’t move because he’d broken his leg.”
“He must have been crazy,” Uncle Ira said.
“He was crazy all right. On the way to the Blue Hole, he told me he knew who killed Buzzard’s family and he said it wasn’t Buzzard. I tried to get him to give me the name of who did it, but he wouldn’t.”
“So I guess we know once and for all Buzzard told the truth,” I said, as I looked up the river at the swift water swirling around a root wad. I felt so sorry for him, I’m glad he didn’t kill anybody.
“What happened to Lucky?” Jack asked.
“The last thing I remember, we were inside Leatherwood Cave and Lucky leaped for the man’s throat. That was about the same time the guy hit me with the butt end of his pistol and knocked me out. I guess he killed poor Lucky because the brave ol’ hound was tryin’ to protect me.”
Doc went on to say the reason Buzzard ran away was because he figured nobody would believe he not guilty of the murders. Since folks were so worked up at the time, and them knowing how strange Buzzard was, they probably would have tracked him down like an animal and done something awful to him before he could get a fair trial.
Doc identified the dead man from the Blue Hole, who was tied to a rope with Lucky, as the one he found lying in the road and who kidnapped him. The guy in Leatherwood Cave with a broken leg that Dub and I found must have been the crazy man’s friend. Everyone agreed Buzzard did not kill his family, which meant a killer was still on the loose. For the first time in almost one hundred years, people in Lewiston started to lock their doors.
A burial ceremony for Lucky took place on top of a towering bluff that overlooked the Oak River. Dub chiseled the name LUCKY on a big flat limestone rock and laid it at the head of the grave under a tall pine tree. A golden ray of sunlight broke through the clouds and from down below where the river ran deep came the cry of a Kingfisher as it winged its way downstream.
When I crawled into bed and lay down to sleep that night, I said a prayer, thankful Dub and I survived the dangerous ordeal on the river without any harm. I smiled when I thought about us telling our story to the kids at school the next day. The last thing I remembered was seeing the image of Lucy Denton’s smiling face, her crimson red hair blowing in the wind. 


Chapter Eighteen

On our way to school the next morning, Dub and I were talking to Dad about his birthday coming up on Saturday. We had a doozy of a party planned for his fortieth birthday. He looked at the river out the side window of the pickup truck and seemed to be lost in a daydream.
“I’m gettin’ old, boys,” Dad said, “My bones ache after I’ve worked in the field all day.”
Dub tried to cheer Dad up by telling him we would have homemade ice cream on his birthday.
“Who will turn the crank on the ice cream freezer?”
That was a job nobody liked and Dad usually ended up doing it. When Dub assured him he would turn the crank on the freezer until the vanilla batter was frozen solid, it did seem to help Dad’s mood and he gave us a smile.
I told him we had a couple of nice surprise presents for him and Mom was going to bake a chocolate cake. This made me think about the fudge brownies Lucy Denton brought to school on the last day before summer vacation, which seemed like ages ago. She baked them all by herself and they were the best I ever had. That was no surprise because everything Lucy did, she did well.
When Dad pulled up in front of the schoolhouse, you would have thought Dub and I was a couple of circus clowns coming to entertain. Gathered under the big oak tree, laughing and jumping up and down, were more kids than I remembered even went to Lewiston School.
Miss Simpson walked out the front door of the schoolhouse and waved at Dad when she looked our way. Dad waved back. She attached an American flag to a rope rigging and hoisted it to the top of a silver metal pole. Red, white and blue flapped in the wind.
“Mercy me. Miss Simpson’s got a wild bunch to tame this year. Glad its you boys and not me.”
“Everyone came early because of us,” I said to Dub, as I jumped out of the pickup truck. I waved at Dad back over my shoulder as I started toward the crowd with my head held high.
“We did it this time, Tommy?” Dub said, as he hurried to catch me when I picked up the pace. We were barely within earshot when the questions started to fly. Everyone drowning out one another as they all tried to talk at once. I waved my arms to quiet them down. They only got louder.
I looked around and realized Lucy was not part of the crowd. “Where is Lucy?” I said out loud. It took about two seconds for panic to overcome me. My heart fell to my stomach and my mouth got dry.
I thought about the worst thing to have happened. That would be she decided to stay in St. Louis with her Aunt and go to school. I could not believe she did not write me a letter, not a word all summer long. I saw Dub look at me and frown when I shook my head.
 No doubt her Aunt talked her into staying. Lucy said she was a well-to-do woman. Had more money than she could spend in a month of Sundays. Probably bought Lucy fancy new clothes. Got her hooked up with some boy who has rich parents. “What do I do now?” I said, sounding like a whimpering dog.
“Now what’s wrong?” Dub yelled above the crowd noise. Was you talkin’ to yourself? They can see you fool” He pointed at the kids who were all looking at me and starting to calm down a bit.
I did not answer him. My anticipation of being the schoolyard hero sank like water down a drain. I would not even be able to enjoy telling the best story I would ever have. I do not know how or why it happened that caused Lucy to make me feel the way I did. All I knew was life would not be the same for me anymore—that was for sure.
“Hi, Tommy.” I heard the sound of a familiar voice above the roar of the crowd. I looked around, and there was Lucy, standing beside the oak tree. She was wearing a blue dress the same color as her eyes. The sunlight glistening on her crimson red hair was a sight to behold. I threw my shoulders back and smiled. She waved at me with the flip of a wrist. I felt as if Christmas, my birthday and the Fourth of July had been rolled into one and delivered back home to me all the way from St. Louis.
Half a dozen kids shouted my name in the background. It only took a few seconds to get the good old feeling of confidence back. Once again, I was the dog running out in front of the pack.
“Be quiet,” I blurted out, raising my arms in the air as if I were a conductor. “You’ll all get your turn.” Doodle and me looked at one another sheepishly when he held up the finger he cut the day we took our oath to become blood brothers. He pointed to the white scar. I nodded my head and held my finger up too.
“How about I ask the first question, okay, Tommy?” Doodle said, as he stepped a little bit closer.
“Yeah sure. Go ahead, shoot. You should be first, us blood brothers and all.”
I looked at Lucy and smiled. I looked back at Doodle and waited for him to ask the question.
Doodle kicked the ground a couple of times and looked up at the sky. In his deep raspy voice he said, “I’ve been wonderin’ about this some. When you found the dead guy in the river—” Before he could finish the sentence a wasp buzzed past his ear. He slapped at it and jumped back, stirring up a little cloud of dust. He settled down and started all over. “When you found the dead guy in the river. Had the crawdads done an’ eat out his eyes?”
 He’s trying to trip me up with a trick question, I thought. How would I know if they had or not? I did not pry open his eyelids to look. No one with even a half-brain would be that brave.
During a long pause while I studied on what I should say, I looked at Lucy. I wondered why I never noticed how long her eyelashes were before now. When she winked at me for a second time, I cleared my throat and said, “They could have, Doodle. I can’t swear for sure. They could have been gone. You know how craws are. They’re big meat eaters.”
Doodle tilted his head to one side and squinted his eyes. After judging what I said against what he thought I knew for sure to be true, he said, “That’s exactly what I figured.”
The most tricky, well-thought-out and baffling question came from Emily. She was Doodle’s soon- to-be girlfriend and down the road she would become his wife.
“Tommy,” Emily said, as she took a couple of steps forward so I could hear her soft-spoken voice. “Why do you think the Lord makes some people be mean and want to hurt others?”
My mouth fell open. I stared at Emily as my mind raced down a dead-end road. I looked up into the sky and hoped to be blessed with an answer, but the message did not come.
“Emily...” I began, having no idea what I would say next. Then like a light, something popped into my head. “You know as well as I do the Lord works in strange and mysterious ways. You do know that, don’t you?”
I could tell it was not the complete and totally satisfying answer she hoped for, but it was good enough to save me from the embarrassment of coming up with nothing. Worse yet, saying something stupid for Lucy to hear.
The more questions that were asked, the wilder the answers became. That was especially true in Dub’s case. Not that we told anything downright not true, but we did stretch some things a bit. That’s what a storyteller has to do sometimes to give people what it is they want to hear. My Grandpa Tom and Uncle Ira taught me that and they were two of the most respected storytellers in the county.
Like it happens sometimes, when one person has been the center of attention for too long, the other people get jealous and it starts to spoil everything. That was what I saw about to take place with Doodle and some of the older boys. They had started to act a little goofy, picking their noses and making faces and talking louder than need be among themselves. All because Dub and I were getting too much attention. The younger ones were pretty much harmless. They all had that a wild-eyed look little kids get when their imagination has gone over the line and conjured up too much fear.
I leaned against the oak tree to catch my breath and shrugged my shoulders when the bark bit into my back. I felt a tug on my shirttail and looked down into the sun-baked face of Doodle’s seven- year-old sister, Anna Mae.
“I’ve got a question, Tommy,” Anna Mae said, with a sweet little voice that held a slight quiver.
“You’ll be all right, Anna Mae,” I said, as I gazed into piercing green eyes that had the uneasy look of a kid who heard a scary ghost story and now it was time for bed. “Sometimes stories sound a lot worse than what happened. You know that don’t you?  When she and half dozen other fear-stricken little kids puckered up and looked as if they might cry. I decided enough wild and woolly tales had been told and called the storytelling to a halt.
I put my hands on Anna Mae’s shoulders, turned her around, and headed her toward the schoolhouse. “You and your friends go on now.” I nudged her along. “There won’t be any more stories told this morning.” “You’re not supposed to be here under the oak tree anyway,” Doodle grumbled. “This place is for us older kids. You all know that, too.”
Anna Mae and the rest of the kids, fourth grade on down, hurried across the schoolyard. They were almost out of earshot when I heard Anna Mae tell her classmates I was her best friend in the whole wide world. When she looked back over her shoulder at me, I waved.
Just as Doodle started to ask another question, Miss Simpson pulled the rope on the big silver bell mounted on a pole outside the front door. The first loud clang rang in the start of another school year. I walked up beside Lucy and we headed for the schoolhouse. When I started to ask her how things went in St. Louis, Dub ran past me and flipped Luke Riley, the sheriff’s son, on the ear. He hurried around to my backside for cover.
“Always stirrin’ up trouble,” I said as I swatted at Dub to get him away.
He hung onto the tail of my shirt and jerked me from side to side as Luke gave chase. Dub zigzagged back and forth like a kite dancing in the wind. When I finally shoved him away, Luke grabbed Dub by the arm and popped him a good one on the shoulder. Dub jumped backwards, tripped over a rock and fell to the ground.
I grabbed Lucy’s hand and we bolted for the schoolhouse as hard as we could run. Doodle and a dozen of the older kids were right behind us. Dub ran dead last, the place he hated to be most of all.
“You sittin’ up with the girls again this year, Dub?” Doodle yelled over his shoulder. Everyone laughed as we hurried inside the building.
I put my hand on Lucy’s shoulder and guided her toward the far corner of the room. A spot back by the cloakroom, furthest away from Miss Simpson’s desk, where we would sit for the whole year. I wanted to say something about the afternoon we rode horses down by the river. I never had a chance to talk to her afterwards because she left town for the entire summer. Maybe I’ll write her a note, I thought. It would be easier for me to ask if she remembered the kiss I gave her when we ducked under the low-hanging branch. Surely she would. It made me feel like I was floating on air.
I accidentally brushed the back of Lucy’s hair as she sat down at her desk. I pulled my hand back quickly when I heard Doodle moan. I knew he thought I did it on purpose, which was not the case. Anyway, I did not think so.
Miss Simpson whacked the top of her big wooden desk with a stick she used to point out things written on the blackboard. She also used it to crack the knuckles of kids like Dub who acted up. When she cleared her throat, I knew life as we had known it would be over for the next nine months.
It was the same ordeal every year on the first day back at school. Once the class settled down, Miss Simpson began the painful process of trying to extract a summer’s worth of fun from a bunch of kids who had been running free like wild animals.
She looked over the top of her gold wire-rimmed glasses and scanned the room to make certain she knew everyone in the class. “Did everyone have a nice summer?”
The entire class shouted as loud as they could. “Yes, Miss Simpson!”
That was the last time for the rest of the school year any yelling took place. It was pretty much the last time we did anything that resembled fun in the classroom.
Miss Simpson gave Dub a gauging look. It lingered so long I figured she must be thinking up new forms of punishment to suit the bad deeds he had not committed yet, but she knew he probably would.
“You two Benson brothers have been the talk of the town. Bein’ heroes has been a lot of fun, I bet.”
I figured the way she glared at Dub, she was probably reliving the incident from the year before. Dub shot a gooey spit wad at Doodle that sailed over his head and stuck on Miss Simpson’s nose. Either that or the black snake that Dub brought inside the school after recess. When he let the poor creature loose, it cleared the classroom. The worst thing about it was Lucy being so scared of snakes, it frightened her half to death.
“Yes, Ma’am. Bein’ a hero has been a lot of fun,” Dub said, as he straightened up in his chair. I knew he was trying to give the appearance that by some miracle his rough and rowdy ways were gone and he had reformed.
I knew what raced through his mind. He was afraid Miss Simpson might move him to the front row with the little kids and everyone would make fun of him.
“Well then, are you ready to settle down? Start your school work?”
“Yes, Ma’am. I know I am for sure,” Dub said, as he looked at me across the room and smiled.
“Yes, Ma’am. Me too,” I said.
When Miss Simpson turned around to write something on the blackboard, Lucy leaned over as if she were getting paper from the desk drawer under her seat. She dropped a note on the floor and I picked it up. When I read it the words seemed to drift off the paper and float around the room. “Let’s go to the spring branch after school today. We’ve got a lot of things to talk about.” Love, Lucy.
Even now, fifty years later, because of what happened to Dub and I at the Blue Hole when the moon is bright and the mood is right and folks gather around a campfire, our story still gets told with the best of the tall tales. 

The End

RIVER’S EDGE

Blue Hole and its sequel, River’s Edge, are two mystery suspense novels set in the Ozark Mountains. These adventure stories are enjoyable for all ages.
 
In the sequel River’s Edge Love aged brothers Dub and Tommy (50) years and made them grandfathers who take their grandsons to the Blue Hole where the murders occured the last time they were there in 1949. They become a family of cold case detectives working together on who was responsible for the guresome crimes back in the day.



Cover Design Artist Paul Middleton
Shadow Dancer Images

Things that are in the 
Ozark Mountains Short Stories and Novels Series
http://ozarkstories.com

... Catchin', cleanin', cookin' and eatin' fish and bull frogs. 

... Bats, rats and a couple of dogs. Floating an Ozarks river in a john boat, catching minnows, crawdads and Helligrmites. 

... A graveyard, a mystical old, a preacher named Dub, baptism in the river, brotherly love and a still on the hill. Growing up in the Ozarks in the 1940’s moonshine was only 2 bucks a jug, not that I drank any of it but I knew people who did. A gallon of gas was only a quarter it was a simpler place and time.   


Photo by George Wesly Lyle Kansas City Star Photo Journalist

... The kidnapping of good old boy Doc Barnes, solving a murder, riding a bull at the American Royal and a gold buckle.

... A cave, cat, farm pond, catfish, smallmouth bass, goggle eye, giant snapping turtle, eel, buzzard, red tail hawk and a Belgium work horse named Clyde. 

... Diving into the river from a tall bluff and being chased by a snake.  An Audio version of Ozark Mountains Fishing Stories. 

… Finding a dead body in the swimming hole. A black widow spider in my shoe, hornet in my tent, Uncle Ira’s pool hall, skating on a   pond and falling though the ice, a black snake in the hen’s nest.   
      
... Guarding Mom’s garden against critters, best bird dog in the Ozarks, a deep blue hole where a murder occurred, starting a fire without matches … 

Love’s website that promts folks to write their life story. 
It’s free and easy to use ...  http://imastory.com

A print version of Blue Hole is available at Goldminds Publishing. http://www.goldmindspub.com/ - !rolland-love/c9li

The TRUTH about SCARY stories, they help children face fear and master it, by portraying the elements of conflict in clear, good-versus-evil terms if there is a good triumphant in the end. This appeals to the strong moral sense of children.

Parents are sometimes concerned that violence or gore in scary stories will be bad for children. I don’t believe this is so; they provide hope through happy endings, (the key … ALL of my stories have happy endings) and offer the child both positive and negative examples of behavior. With their imaginary violence, scary stories teach moral principles, good social behavior, courage, heroism, and hope. 

The PROOF: (One of over 200 five star reviews that support my theory) “Rolland, our daughter borrowed her nephew's copy of the Blue Hole last week. She said she read it in one setting, because she couldn't put it down. She said, "Mom, it is so scary. At first I thought this is just too scary for kids to be reading. Then I thought no, it's exactly what kid’s love. That scary, makes the hair on your arms stand on end kind of scared. And I saw those boys, Tommy and Dub setting by the fire at night talking. It was so real. I felt I was there."
Didn't I tell you, it's a great book?  Must be, since even our daughter agrees with me. “Take care. Keep writing. Priscilla Maine, author

Rolland Love’s Bio

Rolland Love is the author of award winning short stories, novels, a best selling computer book and a co-author of Homegrown in the Ozarks: Mountain Meals and Memories, a cookbook that was a finalist for best book of the year in Missouri. 

He created and presents workshops on how to write your life story, which has been developed into a website Imastory - http://www.imastory.com/ Love is a speaker, has appeared on talk shows, been interviewed by numerous publications including the Kansas City Star who has written about his Mark Twain writing style. http://ozarkstories.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/ -Brent Frazee Love_Stories_from_the_Ozarks.pdf (Kansas City Star article by Outdoor writer Brent Frazee)

Rolland was a re-enactor with the Lewis and Clark bicentennial expedition and played the role of Silas Goodrich, expert fisherman. He created a workshop about the adventure, which he presents to schools, libraries, retirement centers, business and civic groups … 
To schedule Rolland as a speaker or present a workshop contact him Email: rtl@kc.rr.com -   

I have included the following Outhouse “Privy” Story which is also in one of my short story books and here it is again because your can’t have too much of a good thing. 



Ozark Mountains Outhouse

When I thought I had told all of the stories I wanted to tell I remembered the outhouse.  A structure sometimes called a privy which everybody the Ozarks had at least one of before indoor plumbing and electricity came along.
During the course of my youth and the times I frequented the little white building located a few hundred feet away from our farmhouse, I had some unusual experiences.  Even though a few were traumatic and troublesome at the time, they seem funny now.  
When I was about seven years old I sneaked a .22 rifle cartridge out of my Dad’s hunting coat, took a wooden match from a box in the kitchen and headed for the outhouse to create a fireworks display. I laid the shell on the wooden seat, struck the match and when the flame touched the metal casing there was a loud explosion.  
Moments later I shoved open the heavy oak door, stumbled outside and ran toward my mother who was working in the garden.  My final words before I fell onto the ground were “I’m blind.”  What happened was when I looked down at my thumb and saw the brass shell casing sticking out of the nail that had been blown there by the explosion and saw blood dripping onto my bare leg, I fainted. When my mother poured water on my face I came around and realized I could still see even though things looked blurry.  Next, my Dad got the pliers and pulled the casing from my thumb and I fainted once again.  
When I was about ten years old during a bitter cold winter day I slammed the wooden door shut and the hook on the outside fell into the latch and I was trapped until my grandpa came to use the privy. He almost had a heart attack when he opened the door and I knocked him down as I rushed outside to escape. 
There were spiders and snakes in the summer who liked to share the outhouse with us humans and once a opossum was waiting inside because the door had blown open and he was seeking shelter from the winters day.  As slow as those critters are generally, he didn’t waste anytime scrambling out the door. 
Of all things the building had a tin roof so when it was very hot in the summer like the temperature hovering around 100 degrees on the outside, it would be at least 120 degrees inside the outhouse. There would of course be the smell and the flies and the occasional snake slithering across the floor to escape when you opened the door. Needless to say visits were always postponed and as short as possible. 
Here’s a little history and additional information about the outhouse that might come in handy if you’re ever in a situation where you must use one and even though you probably won’t be, you just never know.  
The basic design for the outdoor toilet hasn’t changed for hundreds of years. It’s just a shack sitting over a pit in the ground. The inside has a bench with holes cut into it. Generally there’s a bucket of lime and a scoopful is poured in before you leave the area.  
Until as recently as the 1930’s every American household had at least one and sometimes two or more outhouses.  Then they began to disappear with the advent of indoor plumbing.  During the Great Depression, the Works Progress Administration (WPA) built a least a couple million or more pit privies.
As a kid I heard more jokes about outhouses than anything I can remember.  People would sneak up and lock their friends inside and strange as it might seem outhouses were the center of attention on Halloween night.  Rowdy boys would tip them over and on occasions a couple guys I knew fell into the hole during the process, a dangerous and smelly experience. Most of the farmers kept a close eye on their privies during Halloween and would even fire a shotgun up into the air if they saw people sneak around who seemed up to no good.  
Because of having a large family, Grandpa had two outhouses side by side that got struck by lighting and burned to the ground, not once but twice. One had a crescent moon cut into the door and the other a sunburst. The reason being they would provide light and ventilation, and the moon, or luna, is an ancient symbol for women, while a sunburst stood for men. These symbols started being used back at a time when very few people knew how to read. 
Lucky for you there are some outhouse stories I have chosen not to tell.  I might include a couple when I rewrite this story again in about fifty years.  One final thing I’ve got to say is how much I hated it when the last sheets of the Sears, Roebuck and Co. catalog were gone there were no more corncobs until the next harvest.

“It’s Our Community” an interview by Dr. Mary E. Davidson Johnson Country Community College. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6x0wqbpEUA&list=SP779897C03F10CBD5&index=88

(8) novels and short story books are available in the OzarkStories.com Series  http://www.independentauthornetwork.com/rolland-love.html

Ozark Mountains Fishing Stories (Audio) are based on the adventures of author Rolland Love who lived, wrote and reads the fun adventures. Here's what you can expect while listening to the (1) hour and (20) minutes recording. “Real fishing stories. You can even listen to them with your kids around the campfire, in the tent, at home in their beds to get ‘em fired up for the big camping or fishing trip. OR, download and burn a CD to listen too on your next road trip.”
“The stories are enjoyed by fisherman and non-fisherman of ALL AGES.

Here a FREE sample:  http://www.learnoutloud.com/Audio-Books/Literature/Authors-Reading/Mark-Twain-Style-Ozark-Mountains-Fishing-Stories/40694


I hope you enjoyed reading my stories as much as I did writing them. I’m going to leave you with one of my favorite quotes from Mark Twain. I use it everytime I conduct a workshop and always get the same reaction from everyone in the room. “I’ve lived though some terrible things in my life and some of them actually happened!”

Rolland


