





SOUL MEANING


by A.D. Starrling


Website: www.adstarrling.com
Email: ads@adstarrling.com





Copyright © 2012 by A.D. Starrling. All rights reserved. Registered with the UK Copyright Service.


First Smashwords Edition: May 2012.


Cover Design: Streetlight Graphics
Editor: Everything Indie


LICENSE NOTES
All rights reserved. This eBook is licensed for the personal enjoyment of the original purchaser only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this eBook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

DISCLAIMER
The characters and events portrayed in this book are a work of fiction or are used fictitiously. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.





Table of Contents


Dedication
Acknowledgments
PART ONE: DEATH
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
PART TWO: RESURRECTION
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
PART THREE: RESOLUTION
Epilogue
About the Author




Dedication


To my family.





Acknowledgments


To all my friends who helped make this possible. You know who you are.





PART ONE: DEATH





Prologue


My name is Lucas Soul.
Today, I died again.
This is my fifteenth death in the last four hundred and fifty years.





Chapter One


I woke up in a dark alley behind a building.
Autumn rain plummeted from an angry sky, washing the narrow, walled corridor I lay in with shades of grey. It dripped from the metal rungs of the fire escape above my head and slithered down dirty, barren walls, forming uneven puddles under the garbage dumpsters by my feet. It gurgled in the gutters and storm drains off the main avenue behind me.
It also cleansed away the blood beneath my body.
For once, I was grateful for the downpour: I did not want any evidence left of my recent demise.
I blinked at the drops that struck my face and slowly climbed to my feet. Unbidden, my fingers rose to trace the deep cut in my chest: the blade had missed the unusual birthmark on my skin by less than an inch. I turned and stared at the tower behind me.
I was not sure what I was expecting to see. A face peering over the parapet of the glass and brick structure. An avenging figure drifting down in the rainfall, a bloodied sword in its hands and a crazy smile in its eyes. A flock of silent crows, come to take my unearthly body to its final resting place.
Bar the heavenly deluge, the skyline was fortunately empty.
I pulled my cell phone out of the rear pocket of my jeans and stared at it. It was smashed to pieces. I could hardly blame the makers of the device: they had probably never tested it from the rooftop of a twelve-storey building. As for me, the bruises would start to fade by tomorrow.
It would take another day for the wound in my chest to heal completely.
I glanced at the sky again before walking out of the alley. I found a phone booth at the next intersection, closed the rickety door behind me and dialled a number. Steam rapidly fogged up the glass wall before me. There was a soft click after the fifth ring.
‘Yo,’ said a tired voice.
‘Yo yourself,’ I said.
A barely suppressed yawn travelled down the line. ‘What’s up?’
‘I need a ride,’ I replied. ‘And a new phone.’
There was a short silence. ‘It’s four o’clock in the morning.’ The voice had gone blank, devoid of all traces of emotion.
‘I know,’ I muttered in the same neutral tone.
The sigh at the other end was audible above the pounding of the rain. ‘Where are you?’
‘Corner of Cambridge and Staniford.’
Fifteen minutes later, a battered tan Chevrolet Monte Carlo pulled up next to the phone booth. ‘Get in,’ said the figure behind the wheel. I opened the door and climbed into the passenger seat. Water dripped onto the leather cover and formed a puddle by my feet. There was a disgruntled mutter from my left. I glanced at the man beside me.
Reid Hasley was my business partner and friend. Together, we were co-owners of the Hasley and Soul Agency. We were private investigators, of sorts. Reid certainly qualified as one, being a former Marine and cop. I, on the other hand, had been neither.
‘You look like hell,’ said Reid as he manoeuvred the car into almost nonexistent traffic. He took something from his raincoat and tossed it across to me. It was a new cell.
I raised my eyebrows slightly. ‘That was fast.’
He grunted indistinct words and struck a match. ‘What happened?’ The orange glow of a cigarette flared into life, casting shadows under his brow and across his crooked nose.
I transferred the data card from the broken phone into the new one and frowned faintly at the bands of smoke drifting towards me. ‘That’s going to kill you one day.’
‘Just answer the question,’ he said testily.
I looked away from his probing gaze and stared blindly at the dark tower at the end of the avenue. ‘I met up with our new client,’ I muttered.
Reid looked at me expectantly. ‘And?’
‘He wasn’t happy to see me.’
Something in my voice made him frown. ‘How unhappy are we talking here?’ he said guardedly.
I sighed. ‘Well, he stuck a sword through my heart and pushed me off the top of the Cramer building. I would say he was pretty unhappy.’
Silence followed my words. ‘That’s not good,’ said Reid finally.
‘No.’
‘It means we’re not gonna get the money,’ he added, clearly heartbroken by the news of my recent passing.
‘I’m fine by the way. Thanks for asking,’ I said wryly.
He shot a hard glance at me. ‘We need the cash.’
Unpalatable as the statement was, it was regrettably true. Small PI firms like our own had just about managed before the recession. Nowadays, people had more things to worry about than what their cheating spouses were up to. On the other hand, embezzlement cases were up by a third; unfortunately, the victims of such scams were usually too hard up to afford the services of a good detective agency. As a result, the rent on our office space was overdue by a month.
Mrs Trelawney, our landlady, was not happy about this: at five foot two and weighing just over two hundred pounds, the woman had the ability to make us quake in our boots. This had less to do with her size than with the fact that she made the best angel cakes in the city. She gave these out to her tenants when they paid the rent on time. A month without angel cakes was making us twitchy.
‘I think we might still get the goods if you flash your eyes at her,’ said my partner thoughtfully after a while.
I stared at him. ‘Are you pimping me out?’
‘No. You’d be a tough sell,’ he grunted as the car splashed along the empty streets of the city. He glanced my way. ‘This makes it what, your fourteenth death?’
‘Fifteenth.’
Further silence followed. ‘Huh. So, two more to go,’ he murmured.
I nodded mutely. In many ways, I was glad Hasley had entered my somewhat unnatural life, despite the fact that it happened in such a dramatic fashion. It was ten years ago this summer.
Hasley was a detective in the Boston PD Homicide Unit at the time. One hot Friday afternoon in August, he and his partner of three years found themselves on the trail of a murder suspect, a Latino man called Burt Suarez. Suarez, who worked the toll bridge north-east of the city, had never had so much as a speeding ticket to his name before: he was later described by his neighbours and friends as a gentle giant who cherished his wife and was kind to children and animals. That day, the giant snapped and went on a killing spree after walking in on his wife and his brother in the marital bed. He shot Hasley’s partner, two uniformed cops and the neighbour’s dog, before fleeing towards the river.
Unfortunately, I got in his way.
In my defence, I had not been myself for most of that month, having recently lost someone who had been a friend for more than a hundred years. In short, I was drunk.
On that scorching summer’s day, Burt Suarez achieved something no other human, or non human for that matter, had managed before or since.
He shot me in the head.
Sadly, he did not get to savour this feat as he died minutes after he fired a round through my skull. Hasley still swore to this day that Suarez’s death had more to do with seeing me rise to my feet Lazarus-like again than with the gunshot wound he himself inflicted on the man with his Glock 19.
That had been my fourteenth death. Shortly after witnessing my unnatural resurrection, Hasley quit his job as a detective and became my business partner.
Over the last decade we have trailed unfaithful spouses, tracked down missing persons, performed checks on employees in high profile investment banks, took on surveillance work for attorneys and insurance companies, served process to disgruntled defendants, and even rescued the odd kidnapped pet. Hasley knew more about me than anyone else in the city.
He still carried the Glock.
‘Why did he kill you?’ said Reid. The car had stopped before a set of red lights. ‘Did you do something to piss him off?’ There was a trace of suspicion in his tone.
I grimaced and scratched my head. ‘Broadly speaking, he seemed opposed to my existence,’ I murmured. The rhythmic swishing of the windscreen wipers and the dull hiss of rubber rolling across wet asphalt were the only sounds that broke the ensuing lull. ‘He called me an abomination that should be sent straight to Hell and beyond,’ I added drily and paused. ‘Frankly, I thought that was a bit ironic coming from someone who’s probably not that much older than me.’
Reid crushed the cigarette butt in the ashtray and stared at me with narrowed eyes. ‘You mean, he’s one of you?’
I hesitated before nodding briefly. ‘Yes.’
Over the years, as I came to know and trust him, I had told Reid a little bit about my origins.
I was born in Europe in the middle of the sixteenth century, when the Renaissance was at its peak. My father came from a line of beings known as the Crovirs, while my mother was a descendent of a group called the Bastians. They are the only races of immortals on Earth.
Throughout most of the history of man, the Crovirs and the Bastians have waged a bitter and brutal war against one another. Although enough blood has been shed over the millennia to fill a respectable portion of the Caspian Sea, this unholy battle between immortals has, for the most, remained a well kept secret from the eyes of ordinary humans, despite the fact that the latter have been used as pawns in some of its most epic chapters.
The conflict suffered a severe and unprecedented setback in the fourteenth century, when the numbers of both races dwindled rapidly and dramatically; while the Black Death scourged Europe and Asia, killing millions of humans, the lesser known Red Death shortened the lives of countless immortals. It was several decades before the full extent of the devastation was realised, for the plague had brought with it an unexpected and horrifying complication.
The greater part of those who survived had become infertile.
This struck another blow to both sides and, henceforth, an uneasy truce was established. Although the odd incident still occurs between embittered members of each race, the fragile peace has, surprisingly, lasted to this day. From that time on, the arrival of an immortal child into the world became an event that was celebrated at the highest levels of each society.
My birth was a notable exception. The union between a Crovir and a Bastian was considered an unforgivable sin and was strictly forbidden by both races: ancient and immutable, it was a fact enshrined into the very doctrines and origins of our species. Any offspring of such a coupling was thus deemed an abomination unto all and sentenced to death from the very moment they were conceived. I was not the first born half-breed, both races having secretly mated with each other in the past. However, the two immortal societies wanted me to be the last. Fearing for my existence, my parents fled and took me into hiding.
For a while, life was good. We were far from rich and dwelled in a remote cabin deep in the forest, where we lived off the land, hunting, fishing, and even growing our own food. Twice a year, my father would venture down the mountain to the nearest village, where he traded fur for oil and other rare goods. We were happy and I never wanted for anything.
It was another decade before the Hunters finally tracked us down. That was when I learned one of the most important lessons about immortals.
We can only survive up to sixteen deaths.
Having perished seven times before, my father died after ten deaths: he fought until the very last breath left his body. I watched them kill my mother seventeen times.
I should have died that day. I did, in fact, suffer my very first death. Moments after the act, I awoke on the snow-covered ground, tears frozen on my face and my blood steaming as it stained the whiteness around me. Fingers clenching convulsively around the wooden sword that my father had given me, I waited helplessly for a blade to sink into my heart once more. Minutes passed before I realised that I was alone in that crimson-coloured clearing, high up in the Carpathian Mountains.
The crows came next, silent flocks that descended from the grey winter skies and covered the bloodied bodies next to me. When the birds left, the remains of my parents had disappeared as well. All that was left was ash.
It was much later that another immortal imparted to me the theory behind the seventeen deaths. Each one apparently took away a piece of our soul. Unlike our bodies, our souls could not regenerate after a death. Thus, Death as an ultimate end was unavoidable. And then the crows come for most of us.
No one was really clear as to where the birds took our unearthly remains.
‘What if you lived alone, on a desert island or something, and never met anyone? You could presumably never die,’ Reid had argued with his customary logic when I told him this.
‘True. However, death by boredom is greatly underestimated,’ I replied. ‘Besides,’ I added drily after a pause, ‘someone like you is bound to kill himself after a day without a smoke.’
‘So, the meeting was a trap?’ said Reid.
His voice jolted me back to the present. The car had pulled up in front of my apartment block. The road ahead was deserted.
‘Yes.’ Rain pounded the roof of the Monte Carlo. The sound reminded me of the ricochets of machine guns. Unpleasant memories rose to the surface of my mind. I suppressed them firmly.
‘Will he try to kill you again?’ said Reid. I remained silent. He stared at me. ‘What are you gonna do?’
I finally shifted on the leather seat and reached for the door handle. ‘Well, seeing as you’re likely to drag me back from Hell if I leave you high and dry, I should probably kill him first,’ I said wryly.
I exited the car, crossed the sidewalk and entered the lobby of the building. I turned to watch the tail lights of the Chevrolet disappear in the downpour before getting into the lift. Under normal circumstances, I would have taken the stairs to the tenth floor: dying, I felt, was a justifiable reason to take things easy for the rest of the night.
My apartment was blessedly cool and devoid of immortals hellbent on carving another hole in my heart. I took a shower, dressed the wound in my chest, and went to bed.





Chapter Two


A persistent ringing brought me out of a deep sleep. I blinked away dreams about avenging angels, rolled over and stared at the clock on the bedside table. It was ten am. Sunlight streamed into the room between the curtains opposite my bed. The sky beyond was a vivid cerulean blue.
I slid to the edge of the mattress and picked my new cell from the floor.
‘Yo,’ said Reid.
‘Ah-huh.’ I rubbed my eyes and yawned.
‘The address Haus gave you was a dead end. So was the phone number. I did however find someone by that name staying at the Parker Hotel.’ Cain Haus was the immortal who had contacted our agency two days previously and who more recently had stuck a sword through my heart. ‘How do you wanna play this?’
I yawned again. ‘Pick me up in twenty.’
Thirty minutes later, we were sitting in a booth in Betty’s Cafe.
Betty’s opened forty years ago in what is now a prime location in Roxbury. It was around the corner from the Mission Hill station and had become the unofficial haunt of the cops who worked there: Betty’s husband was a retired member of the Boston PD. Eight years ago, the couple retired to Florida and left the coffee shop to their son Joe. Apart from adding a fresh lick of paint to the front of the building, Joe never changed the decor: the honey-coloured wall panelling still contrasted nicely with the linoleum floor, whilst the weathered black and red Formica tables gleamed in the soft light of the lamps hanging from the wooden-slatted ceiling. Even the menu had remained untouched: these days, if you asked for a latte in Betty’s, you still got a funny look.
Reid nodded at old acquaintances while we waited for our orders. ‘So?’ he said finally.
I dragged my gaze from the busy street beyond the glass window and studied my partner. Despite having lived through a divorce in the time that I had known him, Reid had not aged much in the last ten years. There were a few more wrinkles around his eyes and a slight deepening of the cynical twist that hovered almost constantly near his lips; otherwise, he had retained the sturdy build that had made him such a good Marine and cop.
‘I think we should tail him first, find out whether there are others with him,’ I said with a shrug. ‘Hunters normally work as a pack.’
Reid frowned. ‘And how do you intend to kill him?’
I avoided his eyes. We had had this conversation enough times for me to know exactly how the next few exchanges would go.
‘You need to get a gun,’ said my partner.
‘I don’t like guns.’
His frown deepened. ‘You’re a first class shot.’
I sighed. ‘That doesn’t mean I have to carry a gun.’
There was a calculated pause. ‘What about a sword? You’re good with swords.’
I looked at him steadily. ‘Where do you propose I keep it? Besides, I’ve told you before. I don’t like violence.’
‘Unfortunately, violence likes you,’ said Reid doggedly. ‘How many people nursing a bottle of whisky on the end of a pier and grieving the death of their best friend get accidentally shot in the head by a random gunman?’ Another sigh left my lips: my partner was being unusually vocal. ‘And what about that drug dealer in New York, the one who stabbed you in the back?’ His eyes narrowed. ‘Oh, and let’s not forget Rudy.’
I grimaced. Rudy Lomax was a fifty-year-old bald and middle-aged accountant who used to work for a large international merchant bank in Boston’s financial district. Despite owning a penthouse in Back Bay with views over the Charles River and wearing thousand dollar suits, Rudy had defaulted on his alimony on more than one occasion. When the collection agency retained by his ex-wife hired us to tail him, the accountant became enraged at the breach of his privacy and ran me over with his Lexus.
‘To be fair, he only broke my leg,’ I muttered into my coffee. ‘And I was fine by the end of the week.’
‘Really?’ said Reid shrewdly. ‘What about Louisiana?’
I looked away from his piercing gaze and shifted uneasily in my seat.
Even I had to admit that Louisiana had been an ugly affair. We had gone looking for a missing fourteen-year-old girl called Carly Jennings, a bright-eyed and vivacious child who was the apple of her parents’ eyes. Jennings had met a man through an internet chat room a few months before her disappearance. The trail led us to New York, DC, and finally to the southern state of Louisiana, where we uncovered a child prostitution ring with connections to South America and the Far East.
Things started to go wrong when the Feds got involved. By the time the gun smoke cleared, two agents had died and I had been shot twice. Jennings was found at the bottom of a ship’s cargo hold bound for the east coast.
‘Louisiana was a fluke.’ I looked at the pancakes that had just landed before me, thanked the waitress and reached for a fork.
Reid grunted. ‘Lots of things in your life are flukes.’ The conversation was thankfully cut short by the arrival of a serving of artery-clogging fried food. He ignored my disapproving tut-tut and dug into his eggs.
We left the cafe a quarter of an hour later and drove across town to the Parker Hotel. On our left, the Hancock Tower gleamed against a clear sky. Reid pulled up behind a hot dog vendor and went inside the building. He returned within minutes and settled in the driver’s seat.
‘Haus is still inside,’ he said briskly. ‘Doorman said he arrived two days ago. Alone.’
I frowned at his words. This was unusual behaviour for a Hunter: from the various attempts on my life over the centuries, and inside knowledge provided by a couple of very close friends, I knew that the minimum number of assassins assigned for an execution-style mission was normally two. Both the Crovir and the Bastian Orders had strict rules on these matters: any member going beyond their remit was severely punished, usually by a death. Was Haus acting by himself?
I had wondered briefly that morning which side he belonged to. Then again, it hardly mattered. I was only surprised that the immortals were after me following almost a century of silence; it was becoming apparent that at least one faction still wanted me dead.
At four o’clock, Haus had still not left the hotel. The hot dogs had proven to be sickeningly greasy and three cups of coffee were burning a hole in my stomach. Reid was on his fifth cigarette. At this rate I was going to die from second hand smoking.
The sudden purr of the engine finally jolted me from my semi-comatose state. ‘Is that him?’ said Reid. I looked across the street. A pale, skinny man with ash blond hair and a black overcoat had walked out of the hotel and was hailing a cab.
‘Yes,’ I murmured. ‘That’s the man who murdered me.’
Reid manoeuvred the Chevrolet into peak time traffic. Twenty minutes later, we had barely moved two blocks. The cab eventually crawled onto Interstate 93 and headed towards the Zakim Bridge and the Charles River. Shortly after, it pulled off the highway and turned into a side road. Reid slowed down and followed.
We drove through a series of increasingly rundown neighbourhoods. Snatches of hip hop music drifted sporadically through the Chevy’s half-open windows from the streets outside. Homeless people scoured the alleys behind shops and stores, some pushing their worldly belongings in shopping carts. We stopped at a set of traffic lights and earned a battery of hostile stares from a gang of teens standing next to the intersection. Less than a mile away, sunlight glinted on the steel work of the Tobin Bridge. We were not far from the water.
The roads became deserted. Stretches of disused land appeared on our right, graveyards for the corpses of burnt out cars and broken white goods. By the time we entered the maze of derelict buildings that bordered the Mystic River, Reid had put the Chevy into a crawl.
Red tail lights flashed up ahead. The cab pulled to a stop next to an abandoned warehouse. Haus stepped out and stood watching as the car drew away. He turned briskly and disappeared into an alley at the side of the building.
The Chevy rolled to a standstill. Reid turned the engine off. We glanced at each other and slowly exited the car.
Sandy loam crunched softly beneath our boots as we made our way towards the alley. The blares of car horns carried on the wind from the distant toll bridge. In the blue skies above, a seagull screeched and whirled smoothly on invisible currents, unheeding of the daily chaos of human life hundreds of feet beneath its wings.
I heard the crack of the bullet before it hit the ground next to us. Reid swore as I pulled him sharply into the lee of a building.
‘I thought you said he had a sword.’ He frowned and took the Glock out of his holster.
‘Hunters are trained in the use of a range of weapons,’ I said quietly.
Another bullet whizzed out of the alley. It was followed by a wild cackle.
Reid looked at me with a puzzled frown. ‘Why is he laughing?’
‘I don’t know. I asked him the same question last night. All he did was laugh louder and call me a half-breed.’ I paused. ‘It doesn’t sound like healthy laughter to me.’
‘I know what you mean,’ said Reid. ‘It kinda reminds me of that Jack Nicholson movie.’
‘“One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest?”’
‘No, “The Shining”,’ said Reid. Another cackle followed. ‘Now what?’
Before I could muster a reply, Haus’s words drifted on the breeze towards us. ‘Come out, come out, wherever you are!’ he shouted from the alley.
Reid’s frown deepened. ‘He does a bad Nicholson impression. Just for that, he deserves a bullet.’
I touched his shoulder and silently indicated the roof of the adjacent building. He nodded. We turned and headed for the broken side door we had walked past earlier. There was a tortuous creak of metal against metal as we squeezed through the narrow gap between the frame and the doorjamb.
The inside of the warehouse was unusually warm. The air was fetid and smelled of death. We strolled past the rotting carcass of a racoon and headed for the rickety stairs at the south-west corner of the building. Broken bottles, crushed cans, and dirty syringes littered the corridors on the upper floor. Beyond a roomful of damaged mannequins and rust-covered sewing machines, a door opened out onto a fire escape. It was a short climb to the roof.
The wind had picked up. It brought with it a range of smells. The organic stench of the river. The rank odour of oil from a nearby refinery. The chemical stink of the tannery half a mile away. The acrid reek of gunpowder.
I pushed Reid behind an air vent just as the bullet ricocheted off the hot asphalt yards from where we stood.
‘He’s a smart bastard,’ grunted my partner.
‘Ah-huh.’
‘North-east corner of the roof?’
‘Yes,’ I murmured.
‘I can smell you, half-breed! You stink higher than a skunk!’ shouted Haus from the neighbouring rooftop.
Reid looked at me pointedly. ‘I showered this morning,’ I said sedately.
He rose on one knee and fired two rounds at the opposite building. An answering volley scorched a series of cracks in the rooftop five feet from where we hunkered down.
‘He’s either a crap shot, or he’s playing with us,’ he said, frowning.
‘I’m pretty sure it’s the latter.’ Neither Order forbade their Hunters from playing with their prey. In fact, the Crovirs were famed for it.
Reid cocked his head questioningly. I nodded. He let off another five rounds. Before the last bullet left the barrel of his gun, we were up and running towards the next vent. ‘Why isn’t he shooting—’ he started to say as we reached the metal tower.
Without warning, a section of the roof collapsed beneath us. In hindsight, it had been a pretty obvious trap.
We landed in the room with the mannequins with a thunderous crash. Above the noise of falling debris, I heard a harsh grunt from Reid. I dug my way out of a pile of inanimate figures, wincing at the sharp stabs of pain radiating from several cuts and bruises, and turned towards him.
Reid was lying stiffly next to the bank of industrial sewing machines. A forty-inch steel rod rose through his left thigh and pinned him to the floor.
‘That’s not good,’ I said bleakly, meeting his eyes. He gritted his teeth in response.
A dull thud drew our gazes to the ceiling: Haus had cleared the gap between the two warehouses. Rapid footsteps sounded above our heads and a shadow appeared against the patch of blue sky visible through the jagged hole in the roof.
‘Found you, you dirty half-breed,’ hissed the immortal.
My eyes widened as I looked past the barrel of an M9 Beretta pistol into the face of a madman.
‘Go!’ shouted Reid.
The deafening noise of the semi-automatic filled the confined space. I darted across the room, deadly shards erupting around me. A jagged piece of metal tore a gash across the back of my left hand. I reached the far wall, hit the fire door with my shoulder and emerged into bright sunlight. Haus’s wild cackle reached my ears as I sailed over the railing of the fire escape and dove into the river.
Bullets riddled the water behind me. I swam further into the murky depths and twisted around until I floated in the eddies. Shells scored the surface of the river once more: by the look of things, Haus had loaded another magazine into the Beretta.
I debated my options. The Hunter would not kill Reid. This I was certain of. Instead he would use my partner as bait to lure me out. That’s what I would do if I were in his shoes. I turned with the faintest misgiving and let the current carry me north.
It was two hours before I got back to the apartment. Night had long since fallen across the city. The driver of the cab that I eventually managed to hail sniffed at me suspiciously before reluctantly allowing me onto the backseat of his car. His disposition did not improve when I handed him a wad of soggy dollar bills at the end of the journey.
After checking the rooms for signs of forced entry, I showered, redressed my wound and changed into fresh clothes. I then did something that would have surprised Reid had he been able to see me: I headed for the painting of Monet’s 1906 “Water Lilies” that hung above the mantel piece in the living room.
Pausing beneath the canvas, I gazed at the mesmerising shades of blue for silent seconds. Of all of Monet’s works, this was the one I found the most soothing. It had taken several years and a considerable amount of money to convince the artist to make another copy for me.
I took down the painting and carefully laid it on the couch before turning to face the wall again. I touched an ordinary looking section of the cool white stone. A small electronic pad emerged soundlessly beneath my fingers. I keyed in a code and watched a ten-inch wide partition slide open next to the pad. I pressed my right hand against the fingerprint recognition screen and stared into the retinal scanner above it. Seconds later, the entire wall retracted by a foot with a ponderous noise and a metal panel descended from a hidden recess in the ceiling.
No one knew that I owned the apartment complex. Ten years ago, following the death of my best friend at the hands of the Hunters, I set up a company made up of twenty fictitious shareholders and named it Baldr Inc., which I then used to buy the building and the freehold for the land it stood upon. Over the years—at times using independent contractors, but mostly doing the work myself—I modified the tower block for my own personal use. I performed detailed background checks on all prospective tenants and only selected the ones that would cause me no trouble. As it was, the apartments on the ninth and eleventh floors were never leased, and mine was the only apartment in use on the tenth floor.
I considered the display of weapons that now occupied what had once been the east wall of my living room with a frown. Although I abhorred violence and opted not to carry a gun, my life as an immortal had taught me that it was a necessary evil. I hesitated briefly before selecting a Glock 17 and a Smith & Wesson .45 ACP. I tucked them into the holsters on my thighs and loaded a handful of magazines in the belt at my waist. My gaze was finally drawn to the center of the panel.
In the first half of the seventeenth century, during the early Edo period, I spent several formative years in Japan: I had been travelling through Asia at the time and had come across a few interesting rumours concerning a man called Miyamoto Musashi. Miyamoto was a samurai who hailed from the then Harima Province of Japan and was reputed to have won all the duels he had ever participated in, beginning with his first one at the age of thirteen. To this day, he is still considered one of the most famous sword masters in Japanese history.
It took me an entire year to convince Miyamoto to take me on as an apprentice; during that time, I became proficient in the country’s language and its various dialects, and immersed myself into its strange new culture. Once under Miyamoto’s tutelage, I learned the art of Niten Ichi-ryu, a two-sword fighting style that he had perfected using a long blade, the katana, and a shorter blade, the wakizashi: in combination, the two blades were known as the daisho. Miyamoto was a hard task master and it was almost a decade before he came to be satisfied with my technique, and this only after I defeated him in a duel. When I left Japan, he had a daisho made for me as a leaving present. Carved into the blade of the katana was an identical copy of the intertwined alpha and omega birthmark branded into the skin over my heart.
I lifted the ancient swords from their stands in the middle of the metal panel, grabbed a long coat from the closet in the hallway and headed out of the apartment. At the end of the corridor, a keypad operated door opened onto a private lift that took me eleven floors down to the basement below the building. I stepped out into a dark void, turned and flicked a series of switches on the wall to my left. Light flooded the large subterranean space before me.
The basement was off limits to the other tenants. Bar the lift access and the virtually invisible security doors that opened out onto a side alley, there was no other way in or out of the lower floor of the apartment complex.
As I crossed the concrete floor briskly, my steps echoing off the distant walls, my thoughts turned to the events of the last twenty-four hours. One question overrode all others in my mind: why were the Hunters on my trail again? I wondered briefly whether I had crossed their territory in some way and involuntarily brought myself to their attention once more. The idea was so ridiculous I discarded it straight away. If the Hunters had wanted to find me, they could have done so with maddening ease in the last hundred years.
The more I pondered the matter, the more I felt the urgency to know the answer: I was not usually one for premonitions, but I could sense storm clouds gathering on the horizon.
I finally stopped in front of a sleek machine that looked like it had been built for speed. The GSX1300R, known simply as the Hayabusa, was launched by Suzuki in nineteen ninety-nine. The original model had a 1299 cc, four-cylinder, 16-valve engine, and could do zero to sixty mph in two point sixty-seven seconds. It was, and still is, the best hyper sport motorbike ever made by Suzuki. I was one of a lucky few who had managed to get their hands on a limited edition midnight black version.
Moments later, the Hayabusa roared through the dark streets of the city. It was raining again. I ignored the wet spray rising from the asphalt and headed swiftly across town. The roof of the Cramer building soon appeared between the maze of dark office blocks that crowded the stormy skyline: as the scene of our last battle, I had no doubt that Haus would be waiting there for me. I grimaced slightly. He probably thought it was poetic justice or something.
The alley behind the tower was blessedly empty. The low growl of the Hayabusa whined into silence as I braked to a stop and switched the engine off. I parked the bike behind the dumpsters and studied the fire escape several feet above my head. I crouched, leapt upwards and caught the lowest rung of the ladder with my right hand. It slid down smoothly to the ground. I started to climb.
At the top of the flight of steps, I hunkered against the side of the building, slid the guns from the holsters on my legs and carefully strained my ears. Other than the harsh patter of the rain, the clamor of traffic from the avenue behind me, the roar of distant thunder and the dull thrum of blood in my skull, I could hear no other noise. I raised my head cautiously above the concrete parapet.
‘Welcome, half-breed,’ said Haus from somewhere in the darkness.
A gasp left my lips as I was abruptly lifted from the stairwell by a pair of unseen hands and hurled through the air. By the time I landed on my back and skidded halfway across the water slicked rooftop, I had fired half the rounds in both guns.
They all hit their target.
‘Hey, Cain, you never told me he was this puny,’ said the giant in front of me in a heavy European accent. He looked down and fingered the holes in his fine wool, roll neck sweater. I caught a glimpse of a bulletproof vest beneath it. Of more immediate importance, however, was the weapon he held in his right hand. It was an impressive single-edged Chinese sword, a dao. A flash of lightning illuminated the sky and caused the curved blade to gleam ominously in the rain. The canted hilt looked small in the grip of the man who held it.
The giant was a much taller and wider version of Haus. Muscles bulged across his shoulders and rippled under his tailored trousers. His small, red-rimmed eyes displayed the dull glimmer of an arrogant bully pumped up on steroids. He was also very fast: in all my years as an immortal, I had only come across a handful of Hunters who had surprised me as swiftly as he had.
Out of the corner of my eyes, I saw Haus sneer. ‘What did you expect? After all, he is a half-breed.’ The Hunter paused, his expression hardening beneath his pale skin. ‘Finish him, Abel,’ he said coldly.
I glanced behind Haus. Reid sat leaning against an emergency door at the far end of the rooftop: there was a bandage around his thigh and a fresh bruise next to his mouth. His right hand was cuffed to a bolt in the door frame. ‘Cain and Abel?’ I muttered wryly as I rose to my feet.
Reid shrugged. ‘And they’re brothers as well,’ he said, grinning weakly. ‘Go figure.’
The words had barely left his lips when the giant bellowed and charged. My eyes narrowed. I drew the daisho from my waist, my feet gliding across the concrete rooftop as I twisted my body and shifted to my right. The wakizashi blocked my attacker’s sword. I moved the katana once and stepped back smoothly.
Blood gushed out of the Hunter’s chest in a crimson flow from the wound I had inflicted with my blade: as I suspected, the vest had not been stab proof. A puzzled frown crossed the large man’s face, as if he was debating a difficult conundrum. He fell backwards slowly and hit the ground hard. He did not rise again.
‘How—’ Haus mumbled, eyes widening in an ashen face.
I watched impassively while the immortal’s last breath left his lips and his face sagged into the waxen expression of the dead.
It had taken two centuries for me to understand the real reason why the immortals hated me so. It was not, as I had originally presumed, because of racial prejudice, bigotry, or even repugnance at the bloodlines getting tainted in some way.
The principle reason they loathed me, and their single-minded motivation for wishing me dead, came down to one thing and one thing only. Fear.
As far as I knew of our extensive history, I was the only immortal who had the ability to truly kill another immortal.
It did not matter whether it was their first or their sixteenth death. If the weapon I wielded bore a direct physical connection between my body and their heart, they would lose their immortality instantly and be unable to regenerate and live again.
It was as if I could shatter their entire soul in one strike, like Azrael, the Angel of Death.
Haus raised the blade in his right hand, screamed something unintelligible and came at me across the rooftop. I blinked water from my eyes, gripped the daisho tightly and shifted into the fighting stance taught to me by my Edo master. Our swords clashed under the pounding rain just as a bolt of lightning streaked across the dark heavens.
It took only seconds for me to realise that Haus was the better fighter of the two brothers: I narrowly missed decapitation twice. In the end, however, the daisho proved stronger than his blade. A roll of thunder tore the skies when the katana finally slipped past his guard moments later. Haus froze, his body stiffening. His eyes widened while he stared uncomprehendingly at the sword protruding from his chest.
I never looked at his left hand.
Reid’s shout reached my ears at the same time the bullet punched through my rib cage, trailing a river of fire into my body.
‘Olsson was right. You’re weak, half-breed!’ hissed the Hunter with a distorted grimace. The gun and the sword clattered out of his grip. He slid to the ground, his unblinking gaze turned towards the heavens and his features fixed in a rictus of rage.
I felt my heart slow down. My vision dimmed. My knees gave way beneath me. My last thought before darkness claimed me was the name Haus had spoken with his final breath.

~ * * * ~

I gasped and opened my eyes. It was still raining. A few crows spiralled out of the night sky and landed on the rooftop.
‘Yo,’ said Reid.





Chapter Three


The downpour continued into the next day.
‘I can’t believe you died twice in the space of forty-eight hours,’ said Reid.
I remained silent and took a sip from the mug of liquor-laced coffee in my hand. It was difficult to tell whether my partner’s voice held disgust or admiration. Somehow, I suspected it was the former.
We were in our office in Mission Hill.
After my fourteenth death at the hands of Burt Suarez, Reid had spent an entire month stalking and, for want of a better word, hounding me until I finally capitulated and grudgingly accepted his offer to become my business partner. It was that, or shoot him. Since I had never killed anyone in cold blood, I had been left with little choice but to agree to his proposition. I asked him once why he had been so determined to work with me. To this he replied, ‘I had a feeling things would always be lively around you. Besides, the homicide unit was starting to wear me down.’ I decided to take this as a compliment. We changed the name of the detective agency I had originally formed with my best friend and moved to smaller premises across town; the previous place held too many painful memories for me.
The previous night, a young ER doctor had enthusiastically expounded on how the steel rod that had pierced through Reid’s thigh had missed his bone and artery by a mere inch. After patching Reid up, he had gone on to ask excitedly about the bullet wound in my chest; he had faltered somewhat in the face of our stares and, Adam’s apple bobbing wildly in his skinny throat, left quickly to go save lives elsewhere in the emergency department. Reid had refused the pair of crutches offered to him by a nurse and made a half muttered promise that he would return for a follow-up check. The woman’s face had filled with doubt at his words. She perked up considerably when I told her that I would bring him back for the appointment, dead or alive. We had ridden to the docks earlier that morning to retrieve the Chevy. Bar some bird droppings, the car had remained miraculously untouched. Reid never asked about the Hayabusa.
I sat down on our second-hand leather sofa, closed my eyes and leaned against the backrest. I heard Reid press the button on the answer phone. There followed the subtle scratch of pencil across paper as he dutifully wrote down the messages from the previous day.
Our landlady had called about our overdue rent, her tone somewhat cool. A hesitant Mr Novak wanted to know how much it would cost to provide photographic evidence of his wife’s infidelity. A soft spoken and elderly sounding Miss Kaplinsky had phoned about a missing cat. A salesman from Ink R Us was promising a fifteen percent discount if we ordered thirty ink cartridges by the end of the day. A Mr Price from Maine Investment Corp wished to talk to us about investigating one of his employees.
The last message was from several days ago. I opened my eyes and stared at the ceiling as the words of a dead man rolled out of the speaker.
‘Good morning. My name is Cain Haus. A friend recommended your agency to me. I would be grateful if you could ring me back so I can make an appointment to see you.’ There was a slight pause. ‘I particularly want to meet with Mr Soul. The matter I wish to discuss is a rather delicate one, and I believe he’s in the best position to assist me.’
The beep of the machine was loud in the silence that followed.
‘There’s a voice we won’t be hearing anytime soon,’ murmured Reid. There was more silence. ‘Wanna talk about it?’ he said finally.
I rose and walked to the filing cabinet that served as our drinks tray. I reached for the bottle of bourbon and poured another measure into my mug.
‘That bad, huh?’ Reid muttered.
‘Mikael Olsson.’
He looked at me blankly.
‘That’s the name Haus mentioned last night,’ I said dully. ‘It’s also the name of a friend who died ten years ago.’
Rain drummed against the window. On the street below, people milled along the sidewalks, umbrellas bowing under the force of the heavy autumnal shower.
‘Was he the one you were mourning when Suarez shot you?’ said Reid after a while.
I nodded mutely.
A frown marred Reid’s brow. ‘Any chance Haus knew him from way back then?’ he said finally, his gaze steady on my face.
‘I don’t think so,’ I replied, shaking my head. ‘Mikael disliked the Hunters as much as I do.’
A door slammed in the corridor outside. We shared the second floor of the building with several other offices. In the distance, the elevator doors opened with a faint ‘ping’. Voices rose and faded in the background.
‘So, what are you saying?’ my partner said carefully.
I turned from the window and stared blindly at the wall. ‘I think he might still be alive.’ I paused as the words slowly sunk into my consciousness: now that I had actually voiced them, they felt more real. ‘And I think he faked his own death, somehow.’ It was the only logical conclusion I could reach. I could not, however, fathom the why.
I first met Olsson in England, in the late nineteenth century; at the time, I was living in London and working as a reporter for The Times. In those days, the broadsheets were full of frenzied news about The Whitechapel Murders and the puzzling identity of the serial killer who would eventually come to be known as Jack the Ripper. Olsson wrote for the Morning Post. London’s East End was our beat and we found ourselves regularly sharing pints of ale and gruesome stories in the local pubs. It was not long before we became firm friends. We drifted apart ten years later, as friends sometimes do. It was not until I met him again in New York in the 1960s that I realised that he was an immortal. Olsson was similarly shocked. After that, we kept in touch and went on to form a detective agency together in 1990. As immortals who had not yet met their soul mates, having another immortal companion to pass the years with was a great solace.
Then, one night ten years ago, everything changed. I received a frantic call from Olsson and reached his house to find the front door forced open and a trail of blood that led all the way to the backyard. Though I searched for weeks, I never found his body.
‘There was nothing in the house to suggest the identity of his killer?’ said Reid skeptically.
‘No.’
‘And the cops never found out who did it?’
I shook my head.
Reid was frowning. ‘Did he have any enemies?’
I sighed. ‘If he did, he never told me of them.’
Silence followed. ‘You suspected the Hunters?’ Reid added.
I shrugged. The immortals were the only ones who could have executed such a smooth assassination. Although I had no proof of this, I had been pretty certain that either Bastian or Crovir Hunters had been behind Mikael’s disappearance.
‘Was it to get to you?’ said Reid.
‘I don’t know,’ I replied carefully. ‘If they knew about Mikael, then they must have known where I was. But they never came after me.’
Reid studied me for a while longer before rising from his seat. ‘Well, the rent isn’t going to pay itself if we just sit here playing twenty questions.’ He shrugged into his coat and headed for the door. ‘I’ll call Novak and Price. You take Kaplinsky.’
I stared at him. ‘You’re giving me the cat?’
Reid paused and gestured at his wounded leg. ‘Do I look like I’m fit to chase felines up trees? Besides, we need the money.’
We didn’t, really, but that was a subject I had yet to broach with Reid: I was pretty certain he would adamantly refuse any financial help I offered. I also sensed I would jeopardise our friendship if I did so. I pursed my lips thoughtfully. ‘You just don’t like cats, do you?’
Reid scowled. ‘No, I don’t. They’re smug and they always look like they’re up to something.’
Miss Kaplinsky was a retired school teacher who lived in a quiet neighbourhood in East Boston. Her cat, a silver tabby, had gone missing two weeks previously. Despite actively canvassing the streets and advertising for a reward in the local paper, she still had not heard any news about the absent feline.
Reid dropped me at her address before driving off to meet with Price.
Golden Leaf was a retirement complex built in the early 1970s. It consisted of four red-brick, garden style buildings arranged around a large central courtyard lined with sycamore trees and rhododendrons. Sunlight streamed through the swaying branches and cast dancing shadows on the walkway as I made my way across the grounds.
Apartment 12B was a first-floor corner unit with views over the park opposite the complex. Miss Kaplinsky greeted me in a respectable tweed skirt and a long-sleeved cream blouse. The apartment was small and neat, and smelled faintly of vanilla.
‘He never usually strays, you know,’ she said while showing me to a seat. ‘He’s a good cat.’ A soft sigh escaped her lips. ‘I do hope nothing bad has happened to him.’
I glanced at the shelves and sideboards in the front room. They were crowded with metal frames depicting dozens of smiling children in uniform, standing and sitting in orderly rows. The colour had faded in most of them.
‘Would you like something to drink?’ she murmured, hovering by a chair. I shook my head. She crossed the floor to a writing desk and removed something from a drawer. ‘This is a recent picture of him.’ She took the seat opposite mine and leaned across the narrow coffee table. Hands covered in paper-thin skin and fine spidery veins touched the photograph.
The shot had been taken in the courtyard below. The cat was sitting in the shade of a tree and appeared half-asleep. It looked like it was grinning.
‘We’ll do our best to find him,’ I said quietly. ‘Can I have this?’ I indicated the picture. She smiled and nodded.
I left the apartment a moment later. Predictably, a careful search of the buildings and the courtyard yielded no results. After talking to several of the neighbours and investigating the streets adjacent to the retirement complex, I studied the park across the road. Miss Kaplinsky had already visited it several times and had found no signs of the missing tabby.
I called Reid. ‘How’re you doing?’
‘Price thinks one of his employees has been playing with the numbers. He wants to hire us.’ His voice was almost drowned by the city traffic in the background.
‘That’s great. I’m going to the park to look for the cat.’
‘Ah-huh,’ said Reid.
I frowned faintly; I suspected that my partner was grinning. ‘Come get me when you’re done.’
I crossed the street and entered the shadows beneath the trees.
The park was divided into four sections. There was a play area for children, an artificial lake with ducks and other water fowls, an extensive expanse of lawn and several wooded areas. I explored the open spaces first before heading for the woods.
I personally did not mind cats. They used to be worshipped as gods in the olden days, they were fastidiously clean and territorial, they preferred their own company, and could generally take or leave humans. They were said to be a lot smarter than dogs, although probably not as loyal.
I pulled a packet of catnip out of my pocket: I was hoping this particular feline had the intelligence of the average Labrador.
Half an hour later, I had completed my search of the park. Several squirrels and strays had shown interest in the bag in my hands. I had, however, found no trace of the silver tabby. I was about to call it a day when a block of buildings across the road from the north entrance caught my eyes. Between four and six storeys tall, they looked mostly abandoned and were separated by a series of narrow, parallel alleys that faded into deepening gloom. I stared thoughtfully at the dim passages before crossing the road to the nearest one.
I heard the first inquisitive meow after several minutes. The alley had given birth to a network of backstreets crowded with fire escapes, heating vents, industrial-sized dumpsters, and the occasional tent made of cardboard boxes and lined with dirty cloths and a sleeping bag.
A ginger tom peered at me curiously from under a metal skip and meowed again. By the time I reached the end of the passage, other cats had emerged from the shadows. I paused at an intersection and glanced over my shoulder. The cats stopped in their tracks and watched me with large, solemn eyes. There was not one silver tabby among them.
I sighed. It was too much to hope that I would find Miss Kaplinsky’s cat on the first day.
As I turned to retrace my steps, I caught a flash of black and white at the edge of my vision. I stopped and looked up.
Some twenty feet above the ground to my left, perched on a ledge next to a fire escape, was a silver tabby. I reached into my pocket and removed the picture the retired teacher had given me. There was no mistaking the pattern of stripes: it was the missing feline. I stepped carefully towards the metal staircase. Behind me, the strays followed the scent of catnip.
I paused beneath the ladder and gazed at the cat. It stared at me with unblinking, round, golden eyes.
‘Here, kitty,’ I said self-consciously.
There was resolute silence from above. I waved the catnip around and made further encouraging pleas; this failed to produce a reaction from the cat. I sighed and put the bag away. There were no two ways about it: I was going to have to climb. I glanced over my shoulder. The strays had sat down in anticipation of the up and coming show. They looked like they were grinning.
The silver tabby watched me carefully while I made my way towards him. A minute later, I reached the landing next to the ledge. The cat sat several feet from the staircase, at the other end of the brick shelf: the golden gaze remained unwavering.
‘Okay, we can do this the easy way or we can do this the hard way,’ I said firmly. The cat looked unconvinced by my threat. I retrieved the catnip from my pocket and waved it again. The golden eyes widened in mild interest. The cat rose on its legs and watched me warily.
The ring of my cell phone shattered the fragile balance. The silver tabby shot up and disappeared in the shadows above me. The strays scattered further along the alleyway. I pulled the handset from the inside pocket of my jacket and stared at the number on the display: I did not recognise it.
I pressed the ‘answer’ button. ‘Yes?’ I said shortly into the mouthpiece, trying to mask my irritation.
The sound of soft breathing reached me from the other end of the line. Then, a voice from the past said, ‘Hello, Lucas.’
My eyes widened. My grip tightened on the cell. ‘Mikael?’ I murmured hesitantly after several heartbeats.
A faint chuckle followed. ‘As good as always, I see. I didn’t think you’d recognise me after all these years.’
I suddenly became aware of how terribly exposed I was. ‘What do you want?’ I said harshly. I shifted and studied the dim passage beneath me. Apart from the strays that had stopped a respectable distance from the fire escape and were watching me curiously, I could see no one else in the alleyway.
I looked up and stared at the opposite building. Large, industrial-sized windows occupied most of the rear facade: I could not make much of the gloom behind the dirty, cracked glass. The entire structure had a deserted air about it.
‘Come now, is that any way to greet an old friend?’ Olsson drawled in the same playful tone.
I frowned. ‘You might as well get to the point. Haus already told me about you.’ I put the phone on speaker, hooked it on my shirt and started to climb.
‘Did he now?’ said Olsson. His words crackled with static from my movements. His voice was no longer friendly. ‘And what exactly did Haus say?’
‘He just happened to mention your name before he killed me,’ I replied tersely. Several storeys up, I came across the silver tabby again: it perched stiffly on a ledge next to the fire escape and stared fixedly at me. I stepped over the railing and took a cautious step towards it.
‘Ah,’ murmured Olsson. ‘So, he did manage to kill you again before he died.’
I remained silent. Then, movement below drew my gaze. The strays had scattered and were rapidly disappearing down the alleyway. I looked up at a sudden loud hiss in front of me. The silver tabby crouched low on all fours and arched its back in a threatening pose. The golden eyes stared unblinkingly past my left shoulder.
I grabbed the startled cat and jumped back onto the landing. Fragments of metal and brick clouded the air as bullets suddenly scored a line in the wall next to me. Out of the corner of my eyes, I saw figures appear at the end of the alley. I turned and raced up the stairs.
Glass shattered somewhere above me. A falling shard caught my cheek. Above the splintering and cracking noise, the stutter of a machine gun rose from the rooftop of the opposite building.
Heat bloomed on the back of my hand. For a second I thought I had been shot. I glanced down and saw the cat clinging onto me grimly: its claws had drawn blood. I gripped him tightly and dodged a further spray of bullets.
The sudden judder of the metal steps beneath my feet drew my gaze downward again: two men in black suits were climbing the fire escape. One of them paused, leaned over the handrail and raised a black object. I heard a distant twang and felt the draft of an arrow as it whizzed past my shoulder.
‘Hang on!’ I gasped at the cat. I skidded onto the next landing, leapt, caught the bottom rung of a ladder with my free hand, drew my legs up and arched my body over empty space. There was a fleeting moment of weightlessness before I crashed through a window and landed on my side on rough concrete. I rolled, climbed to my feet and started to run.
The machine gun stuttered again: bullets ricocheted off the floor behind me, raising chips from the concrete. An indignant yowl accompanied the dull thuds; the cat’s claws dug further into my flesh. I winced. If truth be told, I was getting tired of being shot at.
As I negotiated the dingy corridors of the empty building, my phone beeped again. I grabbed the cell and glanced at the display. It was an incoming call from Reid. ‘Where are you?’ I snapped into the mouthpiece.
‘Outside the client’s building,’ he replied. There was a pause. ‘What’s that noise? And why do you sound so breathless?’
I ducked past an open doorway, narrowly avoided another volley of bullets, and looked around frantically. I needed to find an exit. ‘Get to the north entrance of the park. Hurry!’ I said sharply before ending the call.
An emergency door finally materialised at the end of the next passage. Glass tinkled somewhere in the building behind me: distant footsteps followed.
I hit the door at a run and almost went over a metal banister. A narrow, gloomy stairwell opened up beneath me. I turned and started swiftly down the steps.
I was a storey from the ground floor when the door at the bottom of the stairs suddenly opened. A man entered the building in a flood of daylight. He blinked at the shadows and raised his gun at the same time as a crash resounded from above: the suits had found the emergency exit.
I tightened my grip around the cat, grabbed a handrail, stepped up against the wall and vaulted over the banister. A crossbow bolt hissed past my ear, missing my shoulder by a hairbreadth, and thudded into the concrete floor.
The gunman’s eyes widened. My feet landed on his chest. He grunted and flailed backwards, the Beretta clattering out of his hand. I elbowed him in the throat, ignored his strangled gurgle, scrambled to my feet and headed for the exit. Footsteps pounded the stairs behind me.
I emerged in a narrow passage between two buildings. A squeal of tires shattered the relative silence behind me. I looked over my shoulder and caught a glimpse of the Chevy as it shot past the mouth of the alley. I turned and raced towards it.
Bullets struck the ground close on my heels when I emerged out of the alleyway. ‘Hey!’ I shouted, waving wildly with my free hand. Reid spotted me in the rear view mirror, slammed on the brakes and put the car into reverse. The Monte Carlo screeched to a halt next to the curb just as I reached it. I grabbed the door handle, yanked it open and dove inside. A dull thud erupted from the rear of the vehicle.
‘Go!’ I yelled, glancing at the side mirror. ‘They’ll aim for the tires!’
Reid pulled away sharply and floored the accelerator. ‘What the hell’s going on?’ he said harshly after several seconds. He glanced sideways and paused. ‘And what is that?’
I looked down. I had forgotten about the cat. The silver tabby’s golden eyes were wide and unwavering as it stared at me, its claws still firmly hooked into my forearm. ‘It’s Miss Kaplinsky’s cat.’ I attempted to detach the animal from my arm: it eventually relented and switched its grip to my jeans instead.
As the Chevy swerved in and out of the mid-afternoon traffic, Reid glanced at the rear view mirror and frowned. ‘Is that an arrow?’
I looked over my shoulder: there was a crossbow bolt embedded halfway into the boot of the car. ‘Yes.’
Reid’s frown deepened. ‘Unless our client has some seriously fearful enemies, I presume those were Hunters again?’ he said after another pause.
I nodded and pulled myself up on the seat. A sudden burst of static made the cat jump on my lap: the claws dug in further. I grimaced and looked at the dashboard.
Reid had inherited an old police radio scanner with the car. It had proven useful on many of our previous investigations. As I stared at the black box and listened to the words pouring out of the speakers, I felt my blood grow cold.
‘Control, this is C-16 on Concorde. Have responded to the disturbance at Golden Leaf. Calling in a 10-54 Code 1 at 12B.’
‘Copy, C-16. Go ahead.’
‘Victim is resident at the address, white female, late seventies. Bullet wound to the head, DOA. Witnesses point to suspect being a white male, mid-thirties, six foot two, one seventy, black hair, blue eyes, wearing a black leather jacket and jeans. Suspect is on foot and may be armed.’
‘Copy, C-16. Will dispatch EMT and notify Patrol and Operations.’
‘Copy, Control.’
Reid glanced at me. ‘Lucas?’ he said hesitantly.
I gazed blindly ahead while I recalled the scent of vanilla and a room crowded with faded memories.





Chapter Four


Housed in an imposing, neoclassical brick and granite structure on the corner of a busy commercial junction close to the harbor, the East Boston police precinct boasted a stately outer appearance. The inside could have been any other station in the city. The wide corridors and grand ceilings failed to mask the scruffiness of the place and the people that worked within its walls, while the smell of sweat, coffee and cigarettes imbued the air, which had acquired a yellow to smoky brown haze.
The interview room on the first floor offered a rare glimpse of the harbor and Boston’s downtown skyline. The setting sun had turned the waters crimson and bathed the austere walls of the chamber with an orange glow.
The homicide detective assigned to investigate Miss Kaplinsky’s murder was a bear of a man by the name of Meyer. He dwarfed his partner, a much younger sergeant detective called Pratt. Pratt was skinny, virtually devoid of facial hair and had a bobbing Adam’s apple that could have sunk the Titanic; Meyer appeared to be the type who grew a five o’clock shadow ten minutes after a shave. Pratt’s suit was smooth and wrinkle-free, his tie crisp and his shoes shiny with fresh polish; Meyer looked like he shopped at the Salvation Army and sported well-worn, scuffed Doc Martens. Despite these flagrant discrepancies, they made a good team.
It was only Reid’s reputation that had kept them from formally interrogating me as the prime suspect in the case.
‘You said you left the victim’s apartment at around thirteen hundred?’ said Meyer, frowning at the notepad in his hand. Not that he needed to check the facts: he looked like the kind of cop who’d memorise everything about a person in a flash. It was evidently a tactic he used to try and unsettle potential suspects.
‘Yes,’ I said calmly.
‘Where did you go afterwards?’ said Meyer.
‘I spoke to a couple of her neighbours, a Mr Harrison from 8B and Mrs Garcia from 10A.’
‘Why?’ said Pratt suspiciously.
Despite the anger burning in my veins, I allowed a faint smile to cross my lips. ‘I wanted to ask them about the cat.’
Pratt’s gaze shifted to the furry bundle on my lap. ‘Is that the feline in question?’
Evidently bored by the proceedings, the silver tabby had gone to sleep. Its claws, however, were still resolutely ensnared into the denim fabric of my jeans. ‘Yes.’
‘What’d you do after that?’ said Meyer searchingly.
‘I scoured the neighbourhood and the park across the road.’
‘How long did that take?’
‘About an hour twenty minutes.’
Meyer rose from the other side of the table and walked to the window. ‘And you found the cat? Just like that?’ he said, his back to the room as he gazed at the fading light.
I kept my expression carefully neutral. The older detective was a difficult man to read, which made him the better cop: I couldn’t tell whether his rigid stance denoted skepticism, tiredness or both. Pratt, on the other hand, had not quite mastered the art of hiding his emotions: if he had his way, I would be under lock and key before I could breathe the word “lawyer”.
‘The catnip helped,’ I volunteered.
Meyer returned to his seat. He was frowning. ‘You said in your statement,’ he glanced at the paperwork before him, ‘that you didn’t recognise the men who were after you?’
‘That’s correct,’ I answered truthfully.
Silence followed. ‘Does this kind of thing happen to you often?’ Meyer finally said.
I pretended ignorance and gazed at him steadily. ‘What do you mean?’
Meyer sighed and waved a hand. ‘The bullets. The arrows. The random strangers trying to kill you,’ he muttered drily.
I wondered how he would react if I told him the truth. No doubt he’d have me thrown into a padded cell so fast my head would spin. ‘No,’ I said quietly.
The older detective’s eyes narrowed. ‘We haven’t got the official reports from ballistics yet, but the rounds from the alley are a close match to the one found in the victim’s body.’
I remained silent.
‘Do you have a gun, Mr Soul?’ said Pratt.
‘No.’ I could tell the two cops were not buying this barefaced lie.
‘I recall Reid telling me once that you’re an excellent shot,’ said Meyer thoughtfully.
I let a faint smile cross my lips again and silently cursed my absent partner. ‘He exaggerates somewhat.’
‘You mean to tell me you’ve never fired a gun in your work as a private investigator?’ said Pratt incredulously.
‘I don’t like guns,’ I said, neatly sidestepping the question.
‘That’s not an answer,’ said the younger detective harshly.
‘Enough!’ Meyer rose to his feet stiffly and pushed the chair under the table. ‘That’ll be all for today, Mr Soul. We’ll be in touch again in the next few days. Make sure you’re available for questioning.’ He paused. ‘And we’d appreciate it if you didn’t leave town for the foreseeable future.’
Reid was waiting in the reception on the ground floor. We left the building without exchanging a word and strolled to the Chevy. A cool breeze ruffled the leaves of a nearby sycamore tree; the evening air was refreshing after the stuffiness of the precinct.
‘What did Meyer say?’ Reid finally asked once we were inside the car.
‘The bullet that killed our client matched the shells the Hunters left in the alley.’ I paused and took a deep breath, fighting the ice cold rage that still threatened to overwhelm me.
‘Well, that should help your case, at least,’ he said with a sigh. ‘Did he say anything else?’
‘He told me not to leave the city.’
Reid switched the engine on, pulled out of the parking bay and headed for the river. The beam from the Chevy’s headlights washed across the asphalt. ‘What are you intending to do with that?’ he muttered after a few minutes’ silence, directing a pointed stare at my lap.
I glanced at the sleeping cat. ‘Miss Kaplinsky had no next of kin. I guess it’s staying put for the time being.’
A resigned look dawned on my partner’s face. He sighed again. ‘Has it got a name?’
‘Yes.’ I hesitated. ‘It’s Cornelius.’
Reid’s eyebrows rose slightly. ‘You’re kidding, right?’
I shrugged noncommittally. Further silence ensued.
‘What I don’t get is why the Hunters would murder a defenceless old lady,’ Reid said eventually, his gaze focused on the road ahead.
‘I don’t know the answer to that either.’ This was a half-truth. Deep down, I suspected I knew the reason why. And if I was right, things would only get worse.
‘This is the third time in three days they’ve tried to kill you,’ Reid stated with a frown. He glanced at me. ‘Why now?’
‘I don’t know. I didn’t exactly get time to ask them questions.’ A dry smile dawned on my face. ‘Maybe they’re under new management.’
Reid grunted. ‘That’s a helluva lot of don’t knows.’
I sighed, the smile leaving my lips. ‘I know.’
Another minute ticked by. ‘So, what’re you gonna do about it?’ Reid finally said, scowling. Another wry smile crossed my face at his words: he knew me well. I stared out of the window, stalling for time.
We were headed down the Sumner Tunnel. Traffic was unusually light for the time of day. A fire engine came up behind us and overtook the Chevy in a roar of sirens and flashing lights. The cat woke up and yawned. I looked down to find the golden eyes gazing at me unwaveringly.
‘I’m going to New York,’ I murmured.
Reid was quiet for several seconds. ‘What’s in New York?’ he said, glancing at me.
‘Someone who has the answers, or knows where I can get them.’ I stroked the cat’s head. A low rumble of approval erupted from its belly.
The radio scanner let out a blast of static and garbled words when we drove out into the North End seconds later. The fire was on the east side dock yards. A faint orange glow smudged the skyline ahead and to the left.
‘Meyer told you not to leave the city,’ said Reid after a while. His voice sounded strangely detached even to my own ears.
‘Yes, he did,’ I acknowledged with a nod.
Another minute elapsed. Reid’s eyes narrowed. ‘I’m coming with you,’ he grunted.
I stared at him. ‘This will get ugly,’ I said quietly.
Reid shrugged. ‘I’m already involved.’ He glanced at me and scowled again. ‘I’m not going to change my mind about this, so don’t give me that look. And don’t say another word.’
‘I wasn’t intending to.’ Once Hasley decided something, it would take nothing less than an act of God to steer him from his intended path of action. ‘What about Price?’
‘Price can wait,’ Reid retorted dismissively.
I looked down at the cat. The golden eyes were still fixed on my face: it seemed to be awaiting my decision as intently as Reid. ‘Okay,’ I said finally. ‘But we need more weapons.’ I paused and glanced at the dashboard. ‘And a new set of wheels.’
Reid’s frown deepened. ‘What’s wrong with the Chevy?’
‘Trust me,’ I muttered with a shake of my head, ‘right now all the Hunters on the east coast know about the Chevy.’
Reid hesitated. ‘How many of them are there?’
‘Hundreds.’
Reid appeared to mull over something. ‘You have a car?’ he said with a healthy dose of skepticism.
I leaned against the head rest and closed my eyes. ‘Yes. Several, actually.’
Reid’s apartment was a short drive from our office and about half an hour from the suburb where his ex-wife and children lived. Though small, the condo had an austere black and white masculine decor that complemented his character and his former lifestyle as a Marine.
I kept a lookout while he packed some bare essentials in a large rucksack. The cat followed Reid around the apartment, rumbling softly as he rubbed his head against his ankles. ‘He likes you,’ I said with a faint grin.
Reid grunted something unsavoury and pulled a crate out from under his bed. He unlocked the heavy-duty military padlocks and flipped the lid open. The cat sauntered across the floor to investigate.
I stared at the contents of the crate. ‘Leave those,’ I said firmly.
‘I thought you said we needed weapons.’ His hand hovered over the small arsenal inside. Reid had served with the 3rd Battalion 6th Marines at Camp Lejeune, in North Carolina. He had participated in both Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm in the Persian Gulf, as well as Operation Just Cause in Panama. He knew his weapons well.
I hesitated. ‘Do you hold a license for the guns?’ I said. He nodded. ‘Then definitely leave them. And take your passport.’ Reid frowned. ‘Just in case,’ I added with a shrug.
Fifteen minutes later, we strolled inside the lobby of my building. No one had followed us. We took the lift to the tenth floor. The hallway outside the apartment was deserted and the rooms were as I had left them that morning. I grabbed a couple of duffel bags from a closet and packed some clothes in one of them.
Reid was sitting on the couch when I walked into the living room: the cat was next to him. They both watched silently while I headed for the Monet and took the painting down. Moments later, the metal panel holding my collection of weapons descended from the recess in the ceiling. Reid finally rose to his feet and joined me.
‘How long have you had these?’ he said in a neutral voice. His fingers traced the contours of a Beretta PX4 Storm pistol.
I paused in the act of loading firearms and magazines into the second bag. ‘A few years,’ I replied noncommittally. I indicated the guns. ‘Take what you can carry.’
The last item to go in the bag was the daisho, each blade secured in a leather scabbard. Finally, I reached behind the panel and pulled out a large, flat, rectangular grey package.
Reid looked on wordlessly while I ripped open the cellophane wrap and emptied several passports and wads of different currencies onto the coffee table. I closed the metal panel, took a piece of paper from a notepad on the coffee table and wrote down a series of numbers.
‘These are the codes for my accounts. Memorise them.’ I passed the paper across to him. ‘The one in the Cayman Islands holds bonds for a dozen financial institutions around the world. The bank in Zurich has a deposit box under my name.’ I paused. ‘There’s enough there to buy you and your family security for life.’ I packed the money and the passports inside the one of the bags, my eyes not quite meeting his. ‘I’ve already given Bergman and Sacks your details.’
‘The solicitors?’ said Reid. I nodded. ‘Why are you telling me this?’ He stared at the numbers.
My lips parted in a wry smile. ‘Because I have a feeling I’m going to die.’
Reid frowned and struck a match. The flame caught the edge of the paper. He dropped the burning ashes in the fireplace. ‘You never really needed the job, did you?’ he said after a while.
I gazed at him steadily. ‘Life as an immortal would be tedious without one.’
He still looked thoughtful when I led him to the private elevator. His eyes widened slightly when I turned on the lights in the basement moments later. I walked across to a black Toyota Land Cruiser with white racing stripes and smoked windows, and started to load our bags onto the back seat.
Reid stopped in front of a blue 2008 Dodge Viper ACR SRT10. His eyes roamed the underground garage. ‘This is quite a collection,’ he said dully. In addition to the Hayabusa, the Land Cruiser and the Dodge Viper, the basement housed a GMC Yukon Denali, a Porsche Carrera GT, a Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren, a Dodge Charger SRT-8, a Yamaha YZF-R1 and a Ducati Supermono. ‘Why have I never seen you drive any of these before?’ he added with a frown when he climbed into the passenger seat of the 4x4.
‘You’ll find out soon enough,’ I replied enigmatically. I pressed the remote control button on the key ring. Lead-lined steel doors glided open at the head of a ramp at the rear of the garage. I put the cruiser into gear and drove out into a back alley.
Reid glanced over his shoulder. ‘We’re not taking the cat with us, are we?’
The silver tabby had assumed a sphinx-like pose on top of the ammunition bag. The golden gaze switched to Reid. The cat yawned.
‘We’re dropping him off at the landlady,’ I said as I negotiated the narrow lanes behind the block. ‘I called her when we were at your place.’
Mrs Trelawney lived in a crowded 1960s condominium within shouting distance of our office block. She shared her three-bed fourth floor apartment with her daughter Izzie, Izzie’s husband Pepe, their three children, Theo, Max and little Isabelle, two dogs, three cats, five goldfish and a hamster. Mr Trelawney had passed away twelve years previously from lung cancer.
Little Isabelle opened the door at the sound of the bell. She stared at the silver tabby, shrieked excitedly and ran back inside the apartment. Cornelius glanced at me warily.
A larger figure appeared in the corridor. ‘There, there, you’re acting like you’ve never seen a cat before, girl,’ grumbled Mrs Trelawney. She was wiping her hands on a towel; the warm smell of cinnamon and caramel drifted from the kitchen behind her. ‘Oh.’ She paused and inspected the silver tabby closely. ‘Why, he’s a handsome specimen, isn’t he?’
Cornelius meowed approvingly.
I handed her the cat and placed a brown envelope on the table in the hallway. ‘This is for taking care of him.’
Mrs Trelawney hefted the bemused feline in one arm and opened the package. Her eyes widened. ‘This is a lotta money.’ She paused and stared at us. ‘In fact, I’d wager there’s enough in here to cover the rent for the office for five months.’ I felt Reid’s hot stare on the back of my head. Our landlady was frowning. ‘You boys aren’t in some kinda trouble now, are you?’
‘Not anymore than usual,’ I said drily.
Mrs Trelawney gazed at us steadily. ‘Wait here,’ she said and disappeared into the kitchen. She returned seconds later with a large cake tin. ‘I baked this today,’ she said, shoving the container in Reid’s unresisting arms. ‘Now get outta here. And take care of yo’selves.’
Reid was strangely silent on the way back to the SUV.
‘You would have refused if I’d suggested paying the rent,’ I said carefully. I manoeuvred the Cruiser into the nighttime traffic and glanced at him.
‘That’s not what I’m thinking about,’ said Reid. He paused and frowned. ‘And yes, you’re right, I would have refused,’ he added.
I looked at the rear view mirror. ‘What is it then?’
Reid stared down at the tin box. ‘This is a lotta cake,’ he stated dully.
I smiled, glanced at the side mirrors and stiffened.
‘What?’ said Reid.
‘Got your seatbelt on?’ I said tensely.
‘Yeah, why?’
‘We’re being tailed. Hang on.’





Chapter Five


The clock on the central console was reading midnight when we reached the outskirts of New York City.
It had taken a quarter of an hour to lose the two SUVs tracking us. Somewhere off Interstate 90, Reid helped me remove the racing stripes from the Land Cruiser and change the number plates.
Despite the lateness of the hour, the Henry Hudson Parkway was packed. I drove past the George Washington Bridge, exited onto Riverside Drive and joined 12th Avenue. I crossed Broadway and Park Avenue, and finally turned right onto Lexington.
Solange was a small and exclusive jazz club situated in a leafy street off 3rd Avenue. With a maximum capacity of a hundred heads, it was well off the beaten track of the city’s busy night life. Entry was strictly by invitation only. The owners liked it that way.
The doorman eyed us coolly when we walked up to him. He glanced at my business card, nodded briefly and stepped to the side. We moved past him and headed down a dimly-lit spiral staircase. The walls were lined with red silk padding and adorned with old black and white photos that depicted the club’s long history: Louis Armstrong, John Coltrane, Miles Davis and Charlie “Bird” Parker featured in many of the pictures. At the bottom of the steps, mahogany double doors opened out onto a wide, sunken floor.
The room was drowned in deep reds, purples and rich earth tones. The furniture was Brazilian cherry wood, upholstered in plush velvet and laden with satin cushions. Discreet booths overhung with black rococo curtains afforded privacy to those that needed it, although the muted lighting provided enough of that as it was.
A woman in a shimmering red cocktail dress stood on a raised circular stage to the far left. She was crooning a French song softly in a deep, sultry voice, her eyes closed and her glossy crimson lips glistening in the mellow spotlight. Behind her, cymbals vibrated gently, a piano tinkled and a saxophone hummed.
I crossed the floor and headed for the bar on the other side of the room. Reid followed in my footsteps. I paused by a tall, black leather and cherry wood stool. ‘Hello, Pierre,’ I said quietly to the man behind the counter. He finished polishing a wine glass and turned around slowly.
Pierre Vauquois had always reminded me of a very solemn Great Dane. Although the years had added padding to his body and greyness to his hair that gave him a distinguished look worthy of Capitol Hill, his sad face remained as unreadable as ever. He glanced at Reid, untied the apron from around his waist, and handed it to a waiter hovering close by. ‘We’re not to be disturbed under any circumstances. Am I clear?’ he said firmly to the young man. The latter nodded nervously.
Vauquois set a bottle of 1980 Krug Clos du Mesnil on ice and loaded the tray with four champagne flutes. He turned without looking at us and disappeared through a door hidden unobtrusively behind a purple velvet curtain. Reid and I stepped behind the bar and followed.
Carpeted stairs led up to the three-storey townhouse above the club. We walked through another pair of mahogany doors and entered a wide hallway with a polished parquet floor. Vauquois paused and placed the tray on a gilded French console table. He closed the doors, turned and embraced me in a tight hug.
‘Lucas,’ he murmured, slapping me gently on the shoulder. He took a step back and examined me with a critical eye. ‘You look awful.’
I smiled faintly. ‘I’ve been better.’
‘You must be Reid,’ said Vauquois, looking to my side. He held a hand out to the former US Marine.
Reid grasped the proffered hand hesitantly. ‘I’m afraid you have the advantage of me,’ he said gruffly, glancing at me with a frown.
‘Ah. I see Lucas is being as secretive as always,’ Vauquois said impassively. He collected the tray and led us down the hall to an exquisitely decorated drawing room with tall vaulted ceilings. We settled in the deep and comfortable chairs while Vauquois poured the champagne and handed us a glass each.
Reid glanced from the bubbles in the flute to the bottle. ‘This looks expensive,’ he stated warily.
‘It is,’ said a voice from the doorway. It was the woman in the red cocktail dress. ‘The nineteen-eighty Krug? Chéri, you’re spoiling us.’ She crossed the room, kissed the cheek of the smiling Vauquois and took the glass he proffered. Her eyes studied us carefully over the rim of the champagne flute while she sipped the golden liquid. ‘My name is Solange Vauquois,’ she said finally. ‘Pierre and I own the club.’ She moved behind Vauquois’s chair and leaned on the headrest, her hand on her husband’s shoulder. ‘You are Reid?’ she asked smoothly, the faintest trace of her birth accent modulating her voice as she gazed at my partner. Reid nodded. A warm smile illuminated Solange Vauquois’s face. ‘Lucas speaks very highly of you.’
Reid’s eyebrows rose. ‘He does?’
The woman’s smile widened. She looked at me. ‘Did you drive?’
‘Yes,’ I said, carefully avoiding her eyes.
She turned to Reid with a sympathetic grimace. ‘Was it awful?’
‘It was one of the scariest experiences I’ve ever had,’ Reid admitted with a heartfelt grunt. Solange burst out laughing, the sound clear and musical.
I frowned at Reid. ‘It wasn’t that bad.’
‘You were like a stuntman on the Nürburgring,’ Reid retorted darkly. ‘I’m surprised a patrol car didn’t pull us over.’
‘I’m afraid he’s always been one for fast things,’ said Solange, her eyes sparkling with humour.
Reid studied the couple thoughtfully. ‘You’re immortals, aren’t you?’ he said after a while.
Solange’s expression sobered. She glanced at Vauquois. ‘Yes, we are,’ she replied quietly.
I first met Solange and Pierre in Paris in the late sixteenth century, not long before I began my travels through Asia. In those days I was a homeless, unruly, and defiant mutt living on the streets of the not so fair city and forever in trouble with the law. One winter night, at the end of a long day drinking cheap liquor distilled in the backyard of a friend’s home, I got into an ugly fight with one of the patrons of Pierre and Solange’s tavern. Instead of hauling me to the closest gaol and leaving me at the hands of whichever bastard sergeant was in charge of the prison that day, a fate I no doubt deserved, they offered me food and a room to sleep in for the night. In my short immortal life, I had only ever known compassion from my parents: it took a while for my mistrust to fade.
It was Pierre who first encouraged me to go on a voyage to foreign parts, to “broaden your mind and your views of the world” as he put it. Upon my return almost two decades later, they realised that I was an immortal, as I did them. From then on, Solange and Pierre adopted the roles of surrogate parents and mentors; their two children, François and Claude, had died from the Red Death in the late fourteenth century, and they themselves had subsequently been afflicted with the curse of infertility. When I left Europe after the end of the Second World War, they followed me to New York.
‘I see,’ said Reid after Solange explained the circumstances of our meeting. ‘Does that mean you knew Olsson?’
‘We never met,’ said Vauquois. ‘But we knew of him.’ The older man paused and looked at us quizzically. ‘What’s going on?’
‘Mikael’s alive,’ I announced with a carefully neutral expression. The couple stared at me, shock and surprise dawning on their faces. ‘And for some reason he’s joined forces with the Hunters who’re after me.’ I gave them a brief account of the events of the last few days.
‘Oh, Lucas! Your sixteenth death?’ Solange whispered, her face ashen as she lowered herself into the seat next to her husband.
I avoided her eyes, aware that this knowledge brought her great pain, and gazed at Vauquois. ‘Have you heard anything unusual recently?’
Although they kept mostly to themselves and rarely associated with other immortals, the Vauquoises had contacts who regularly apprised them of significant events in both societies: having been spies during the Seven-Year War, the French Revolution, and most recently members of the French Resistance, it was a hard habit to break.
Vauquois studied me with a troubled expression. ‘A secret meeting attended by several members of the Crovir First Council took place in Washington a few weeks ago,’ he said finally. ‘I don’t know the exact details of what was discussed, but whatever it was, it’s stirred things up.’ He hesitated. ‘Our friend inside the Second Council told me that the Crovirs are on the move; not only here, but in Europe as well.’ He paused. ‘It’s the largest mobilization of Hunters we have seen since the immortal wars. They’re looking for something. Or someone,’ he added gravely.
Reid frowned. ‘The First Council?’
Vauquois turned to him. ‘The immortal societies are ruled by nobles who form the Councils,’ he explained. ‘The First Council is the most senior one, made up of the Heads of seven Sections. The Order of the Hunters, the Counter Terrorism group, Human Relations, Commerce, Immortal Legislations & Conventions, Research & Development, and Immortal Culture & History.’
‘The Second Council is the Assembly,’ Solange continued. ‘It consists of the Regional Division directors under each Head of Section. Below them is the Congress of the Council, who function as local authority chiefs.’
‘The Head of the Order of the Hunters is usually the most powerful member of the First Council, and that applies to both Crovirs and Bastians,’ said Vauquois. ‘The Hunters are essentially the assassins, bodyguards, policemen, and soldiers of the immortal nobles.’
Reid’s gaze shifted to me. ‘So, it’s the Crovirs who’re after you then?’
I frowned. ‘I don’t understand why I should become a priority again after all this time. The last attempt on my life by the Hunters was in nineteen ten. ’
‘Whatever or whoever they’re after, they’re getting desperate,’ said Solange quietly. ‘I have rarely known them kill a human in such an open fashion.’
Reid’s eyes never left my face. ‘On the other hand, if you were to become a suspect in an ongoing homicide investigation, it would slow you down considerably and make it easier for them to get to you,’ he continued, understanding dawning in his voice. ‘That’s what it was about, wasn’t it?’
I nodded once. The same thought had crossed my mind after our client’s murder. Silence fell across the room. I looked up from the parquet floor and gazed at Vauquois. ‘I hate to ask this of you, but do you think you can find out more?’
‘No,’ Vauquois replied steadily, ‘I can’t.’ A faint smile crossed his face. ‘However, our contact might be able to point you in the right direction. Excuse me.’ He rose and disappeared through a door at the end of the room.
‘What will you do?’ said Solange softly while we waited for his return.
‘I don’t know.’ I placed the empty champagne glass on the tray. ‘Try to stay alive until I get to the bottom of this, I guess.’
Vauquois finally reappeared with a piece of paper in his hand. ‘Our friend was reluctant, but I convinced him to give us a name at least.’ He passed the note across.
I stared at a name and an address. ‘Who is this?’
‘Someone high up in the Crovir Councils.’
My eyebrows rose slightly. ‘Will he help?’
Vauquois chuckled. ‘I doubt it. But you might find something useful at his place.’
I nodded, tucked the note inside my coat and rose to my feet. ‘Let’s go,’ I said, glancing at Reid.
‘Won’t you spend the night? It’s been so long since we last saw you.’ Solange crossed the room and stopped in front of me.
I leaned down and kissed her gently on the cheek. ‘I don’t want the Crovirs to track us here,’ I murmured. ‘If anything was to happen to either of you, I would never forgive myself.’
A sad smile flitted across Solange’s face. We said our goodbyes and left the building through the back door.
‘They’re nice people,’ Reid said gruffly as we drove away from the city.
‘Yes, they are.’
He stretched his shoulders and yawned. ‘So, where to now?’
‘We’re going to Washington.’
Reid stared at me. ‘Straight into the lions’ den, huh?’ he drawled.
I nodded briskly and looked ahead. ‘Put your seat belt on.’
He stiffened and studied the rear view mirror. ‘Why, we being tailed again?’
‘No.’
Reid frowned. ‘I think I should drive.’
We took turns behind the wheel and stopped for a few hours’ sleep outside Trenton. We had some of Mrs Trelawney’s angel cake for breakfast and made the outskirts of the District of Columbia around six am.
The address Vauquois’s contact had given us was in Capitol Hill, in a leafy suburb just south of Lincoln Park. I parked the Cruiser a few houses down from a large, white, detached Victorian residence and leaned back in the seat. Lights were already on behind the wide bay fronted windows on the ground floor.
I closed my eyes briefly. The events of the last few days were finally catching up on me: I had rarely felt so exhausted. Still, the question of why the Crovirs were so interested in me again would not leave my mind. Even more puzzling was how Olsson fitted into any of it.
An hour later, a black chauffeur-driven Lincoln town car pulled to a stop at the kerb. The front door of the house opened and a man in a grey woollen coat stepped outside. He locked the door behind him and strolled down the steps to the tiled path that led to the sidewalk, a cell phone held to one ear and a brown leather briefcase in the other hand. He acknowledged the driver of the Lincoln with a brief nod and got in the back of the car. The chauffeur closed the door after him, climbed into the front seat and drove off. I put the Cruiser into gear and followed.
The Lincoln headed south and merged with the morning traffic on the I-295 North. It moved to the I-395 South freeway and crawled along Maine Avenue past the Washington Monument Memorial. After turning onto 17th Street and driving by the Ellipse and the White House, it finally pulled into an underground garage below a dark glass and brick tower on Pennsylvania Avenue Northwest.
I stopped the Cruiser on the opposite side of the road and studied the building. There were no visible nameplates or signs outside it.
‘Investment bank?’ hazarded Reid.
‘Lawyers?’ I pondered.
Reid frowned and shook his head. ‘Lawyers don’t go around in chauffeur-driven Lincolns. Not in DC, anyway.’ He paused and glanced at me. ‘Well, we won’t get anywhere just sitting here. What do you wanna do?’
I dragged my gaze from the imposing sky rise and looked at the clock on the console. It had just gone eight. ‘Who do we know in town?’
The man who joined us for lunch a few hours later was an Intelligence Analyst for the FBI’s Criminal Investigative Division. A second generation Italian-American born and raised in New York, Bob Solito still had a heavy Brooklyn accent despite having lived in DC for fifteen years. We first met him during the Louisiana incident and had since crossed paths on a number of other joint investigations. ‘This personal business?’ he said after he placed his order.
I nodded carefully.
Solito sighed. With his sad brown eyes and shoulder length hair, he could have been a human cocker spaniel. ‘Thought so,’ he grunted. ‘You guys normally go through official channels for this kind of intel.’ He popped a white tablet in his mouth and winced. ‘The wife said she’d leave me if I didn’t quit smoking,’ he muttered by way of explanation at our stares. He pulled an envelope from his coat and slid it across the table. ‘That’s all I could get my hands on for the time being. You didn’t exactly give me a lot of notice.’
‘Thanks,’ I murmured gratefully. I opened the brown package and spread the contents on the table.
‘Frederick Rudolph Burnstein is the President and CEO of GeMBiT Corp,’ said Solito. ‘He has no past records or convictions on any criminal database in the world, including NCIC and Interpol.’ The FBI analyst scratched his head. ‘This guy is as clean as a whistle. I mean, he doesn’t even have a speeding ticket to his name.’
I stared at the copy of an article from the Washington Post. It was a review of a recent production of ‘Les Misérables’ held at the National Theatre. At the bottom of the page, a black and white photograph depicted the principal actors and the director posing with famous local patrons of the Arts.
Our guy from Capitol Hill stood out from the crowd: Burnstein’s eyes gleamed with a strange, almost visceral intensity as he stared into the camera, while his crooked nose gave him the appearance of a hawk. His lips were parted in a cold, artificial smile.
‘GeMBiT?’ said Reid. He frowned as he leafed through the fact sheets that came with the article.
‘Genetic and Molecular Bioinformatics Technology,’ Solito explained. ‘The company was first registered in DC in nineteen seventy. Most of its shareholders are in the US and in mainland Europe, and it has close affiliations with universities leading research in molecular biology and genetics on both sides of the Atlantic.’ He paused. ‘At the last count, GeMBiT has pledged four hundred million dollars in research grants this year alone.’
Reid whistled softly under his breath while he studied the printouts. ‘What is it that they’re trying to do, exactly?’
‘Cure cancer,’ Solito replied with a deadpan face. ‘Amongst other things.’
Reid’s eyebrows rose fractionally.
‘Their principal areas of interests are oncology, tissue growth and repair, infectious diseases and immunology,’ said Solito. He shrugged at our stares. ‘Hey, I’m just quoting all this stuff. I wouldn’t know anything genetic or immunological if it bit me in the ass.’
I stared at the blueprints on the table. ‘Are these the floor plans for the house in Capitol Hill?’
Solito nodded. ‘He had the place renovated five years ago. I’m afraid you’re gonna have to give me more time if you want the ones for the building on Pennsylvania Avenue. I couldn’t find any copies filed with Building and Land Regulation. ’
‘Thanks. These will do for now,’ I said.
‘What’s this about anyway?’ Solito asked curiously. He stared at our expressions. ‘Forget I asked,’ he muttered. ‘I’ll let you know if I find anything else.’
Solito called an hour later. ‘Seems Burnstein loves the opera as much as theatre. He’s got tickets for tonight’s opening performance of La Traviata at the JFK Center. Show starts at six fifteen.’ There was a pause at the end of the line. ‘Oh, and Soul?’
‘Yeah?’
‘There’s a temporary felony want out for you in Boston. You’ve got forty-eight hours until I call it in.’ Solito hung up.
I stared at the cell phone.
‘What?’ said Reid.
‘Meyer’s going to issue a warrant for my arrest.’
Reid lapsed into silence and stared out of the window at the passing traffic. ‘Well, we knew it was coming,’ he said finally. ‘So, what’s our next move?’
I smiled faintly at his tone. ‘We’re breaking into Burnstein’s place tonight.’
Reid frowned. ‘Won’t the man object to us just waltzing into his place?’ he said skeptically.
‘That’s the beauty of it. He won’t be there.’
Burnstein left for the opera at 17:10. We waited another hour until darkness fell, before leaving the Cruiser and approaching the house. According to Solito’s intel, the GeMBiT Corp CEO’s home security system was state of the art and had been installed in the last three months. It took us eight minutes to disable it.
A few steps inside the house and I could tell that Burnstein was a keen art collector: I had not seen this many original paintings and sculptures outside a national museum for some time.
A search of the ground floor and the upstairs bedrooms revealed nothing of interest. A large study with triple aspect views occupied most of the third floor; the walls were lined with floor to ceiling bookcases, filing cabinets and more artwork. A mahogany Edwardian pedestal writing desk sat beneath the bay window facing the manicured gardens at the rear of the property.
I closed the blinds and switched the lights on. Reid set about investigating the contents of the bookcases and cabinets. I turned my attention to the computer on the desk.
It took several minutes to hack into Burnstein’s system. Halfway through, Reid came up behind me and peered curiously over my shoulder. ‘Do I even wanna know how you learned to do that?’ he muttered, watching my fingers fly across the keyboard.
I paused and thought of the MIT guys who had taught me my skills and who were now the heads of the largest computer and security consultancy firms in the world. ‘Not really,’ I said drily.
Moments later, a dull thud drew my gaze to the other side of the room. Reid had dislodged one of the paintings from the wall. He picked it up gingerly and stared at a small chip in the frame. ‘Do you think he’ll notice?’ he said, setting it back on its hooks.
‘Probably,’ I murmured. ‘That’s an original Rembrandt.’
Reid’s eyebrows rose slightly. ‘It is?’
‘Yeah.’ I turned back to the desk. ‘It’s worth about half a million dollars.’
Stunned silence followed. ‘You’re kidding, right?’ Reid said in a shocked voice.
‘No.’
He frowned. ‘Who the hell keeps that kind of thing in his house?’
I thought about the Monet in my apartment and decided there and then never to tell him about it.
Burnstein’s defence software was better than his home security system. I had just cracked the safety codes to access his files when a thoughtful ‘Ah’ made me look up again. Reid had reached the last filing cabinet, which opened to reveal a strongbox. ‘Somehow, I don’t think this is gonna do the trick,’ he murmured, glancing at the lock pick set on the floor next to him.
I rose from the desk and joined him. ‘It’s a high security composite safe.’ I crouched and ran my fingers over the cold metal door. ‘Inner and outer steel plates,’ I said in a low mutter. ‘High density fire-resistant body. Drill-resistant frames. Chrome-plated steel locking bolts and a spring operated detent system.’ I paused. ‘It probably has a tempered glass relock mechanism as well.’ I looked up into Reid’s blank stare.
‘I worry about you,’ he said dully.
I smiled. ‘Luckily, it has an electronic combination lock.’
Reid sighed. ‘Somehow that doesn’t make me feel any better.’
I looked at the desk. ‘Help me bring the computer over.’ Fifteen minutes later, I opened the safe door.
‘Wow. I thought that was only possible in movies,’ said Reid. He looked slightly impressed.
‘If you have the right software and a couple of wires, anything is possible,’ I muttered, studying the contents of the strongbox.
In addition to a couple of small bags of high quality diamonds, five gold bars and several passports, the safe held a dozen document wallets. Eleven of them contained information about Burnstein’s private investments and GeMBiT Corp.
The last folder was the thickest of the lot and was filled with copies of research papers published in the last fifteen years by a number of universities in Europe. The recurring subject matter appeared to be cell cycle control and DNA transposition. One name in particular, a Professor HE Strauss, appeared as a common contributor in most of the publications and had been highlighted in red ink.
I turned to the computer and typed Strauss in the search box. A single jpeg file and an email reference came up under the results. I directed the arrow over the jpeg file and clicked the mouse once.
An image slowly filled the screen. It was a black and white photograph of a man and a woman taken at night. They were sitting next to a large bay window inside a restaurant. The man was caught with his back slightly turned and in profile: he was leaning across the table towards the woman, whose face was fully illuminated by the chandelier above their heads.
Her hair was dark and tumbled in soft curls past her shoulders, framing a pair of almond-shaped smoky eyes. The light glistened off her full lips and glinted on the thick, intricate sun cross pendant at the base of her throat. She was smiling at the man.
‘This the person they’re after?’ said Reid.
I stared at the picture for timeless seconds, an unfamiliar emotion stirring deep within me. I forced my gaze away from the image and looked up the email. It was from Burnstein and had been addressed to an encrypted account on a remote server somewhere in Europe. Dated several weeks ago, the message was brief: “Arrange Council meeting. Strauss is the key. Must secure at any cost.”
A soft tinkle sounded somewhere downstairs. Reid and I glanced at each other. As I rose from the floor, one of the windows shattered, raining glass shards inside the room. A second later, a smoke grenade clattered onto the wooden boards.





Chapter Six


The Crovir Hunters came silently, their guns fitted with suppressors. We were almost at the first landing when a volley of bullets whined past us and struck the wall. Shapeless shadows appeared through the acrid smoke at the bottom of the stairs. Muzzles flashed faintly in the gloom.
I reached for the swords at my waist.
Bodies swiftly fell before me as we were forced inexorably up the steps. The blades shuddered in my hands, blocking round after round. Behind me, Reid fired the Glock repeatedly. We stepped over the men he had shot and headed for the master bedroom at the front of the property, where we barricaded the door with a dresser.
I crossed the floor swiftly and glanced outside the window at the empty yard below. ‘You go first. I’ll hold them off.’
Reid looked at me with a frown. Unspoken words filled the silence between us. I didn’t have to state the obvious fact: in a battle with the immortals, he stood at a serious disadvantage.
There was a thud outside the room. The dresser shifted slightly.
‘You owe me for this,’ Reid muttered darkly. He lifted the sash window, clambered over the sill and turned to catch the keys of the Cruiser. He disappeared into the night a second later.
The door crashed open behind me, the dresser scraping across the floorboards with a shriek of tearing wood. I turned to face the men who crowded inside the room. Some held swords. The ones who didn’t had guns.
‘Be careful,’ one of the Hunters murmured to his companions. ‘This is the half-breed.’ The rest of the immortals glanced at each other warily.
I had fervently hoped that Olsson would be amongst them: there were some burning questions I needed to ask my old friend. Still, I had no doubt our paths would cross again if I survived this night.
My breaths slowed while I silently repeated the mantra taught to me by my Edo master. My feet unconsciously shifted into the basic starting stance of kendo. ‘Gentlemen,’ I murmured with a brief nod.
The next sixty seconds were a blur of light and shadows. A bullet missed my head by an inch. Another one scorched a red track across the back of my right hand. The acrid smell of gunpowder rapidly filled the room and spent rounds clattered noisily to the ground. The katana danced and weaved through the air, spilling blood across the walls and the floorboards. Throughout it all, I breathed deeply and steadily.
The last Hunter begged for his life. ‘Please, this will be my seventeenth death,’ he whispered hoarsely at my feet, staring in wide-eyed horror at the blade poised above his heart.
Memories of a vanilla-scented room drifted across my mind as I gazed at the man. I closed my eyes briefly. ‘I’m sorry.’
Sirens blared in the distance when I came out of the house. Crows had already started to gather on the rooftop of Burnstein’s house. The Cruiser screeched to a halt in the middle of the street as I walked down the path to the sidewalk. Some of Burnstein’s neighbours had come out of their houses to see what the commotion was about. They stared at me curiously while I climbed into the SUV.
Reid pulled away swiftly. ‘You’re bleeding,’ he said, glancing at my hand.
I looked down. ‘It’s only a flesh wound.’ I clenched my fingers distractedly, feeling strangely numb. It had been some time since I last killed so many men. I took a deep breath and tried to ignore the smell of death that clung to me. ‘How’s your leg?’
Blood had seeped through the bandage around his wound and stained his trousers.
‘I’ll live,’ said Reid gruffly. A patrol car raced past us, lights flashing brightly in the night. Another followed close behind it. We headed away from Capitol Hill. ‘They all dead?’ Reid finally muttered while he negotiated the evening traffic.
‘Yes,’ I replied in a neutral voice, cursing my foolishness. We must have triggered a silent alarm in Burnstein’s house.
The blare from my cell phone was loud in the silence that followed. It was Solito. ‘I heard there were shots fired at that house in Capitol Hill,’ the FBI agent said stiffly. ‘Tell me it wasn’t you guys?’ Voices and music echoed faintly in the background behind him.
‘I would be lying if I said we weren’t involved,’ I said carefully. Solito swore at the other end of the line. I waited a while. ‘I need another favour.’
There was a long pause. ‘You’re kidding, right?’ said Solito dully.
We met the FBI agent in an alley behind a bar in Dupont Circle; he had been out celebrating the retirement of a field officer and was still dressed in his work suit. His gaze kept straying to the blood on my hand while I explained my request. ‘I’ve been listening to the scanner. The cops have reported four bodies at the property,’ Solito said finally. ‘There was a lot of blood in the place, which makes them suspect there were even more bodies than the ones they found.’ He frowned. ‘No doubt they’ll call us in.’
A group of people walked past the mouth of the alley, drunken voices raised in song.
‘I know this probably doesn’t mean a lot to you at the moment, but they weren’t good men,’ I said quietly.
Reid grunted. ‘And we might as well tell you now. You’re probably not gonna be able to ID any of them.’
Solito stared at us impassively. A sigh left his lips and he removed a notepad from his rear pocket. ‘This is the last thing I’m gonna do for you guys,’ he muttered with a grimace while he scribbled swiftly on the paper.
‘Thanks,’ I said gratefully.
The address Solito gave us was for a house in Chinatown. We drove down Massachusetts Avenue, took a right on 5th Street and parked along a small side road. A couple of doors down, a narrow, nondescript, two-storey building stood sandwiched between an electrical store and a restaurant. Lights were still on in the electrical store. The restaurant was dark.
We left the Cruiser and walked to the house. I climbed the short flight of concrete steps and rang the bell to the left of the doorjamb.
‘Why are we here again?’ said Reid behind me.
Before I could utter a reply, the wooden door creaked open. A small, wizened elderly man peered at us through the narrow crack. ‘Can I help you?’ he said in thick Mandarin, squinting suspiciously in the glow cast by a nearby street lamp.
‘We’re here to see Yuan Qin Lee,’ I replied in the Zhongyuan dialect.
The old man’s eyes widened. ‘You speak Han Chinese?’ he exclaimed in broken English.
‘A little bit,’ I said with a faint smile.
‘Come in, come in.’ He beckoned us inside the building with a sharp wave of his liver spotted hand and closed the door behind us. We were faced with a narrow hallway that opened onto a long, cramped corridor suffused with the smell of cooking and cheap disinfectant. A few curious faces appeared in an open doorway to the left. The old man gestured frantically and shouted a few sharp words in Mandarin. The faces disappeared.
I glanced at the toys that littered the passageway. ‘Are you the patriarch?’ I asked mildly.
‘For my sins,’ grumbled the old man. ‘They all useless, the lot of them. Only one who make money is Qin Lee.’
We followed him to an alcove at the end of the hall. He pulled aside a curtain and revealed a hidden door that opened onto a dimly-lit flight of steps spiralling down to the lower level of the house.
The basement was much larger than the building above it; the walls appear to extend well beyond the actual boundaries of the property. I spied another door at the rear of the room before turning my attention to the rest of the extensive space.
Monitors lined two long tables along the sidewalls, their screens flickering oddly under the harsh light from the dozen fluorescent strips that crowded the low ceiling. A bank of hard drives hummed next to a large air vent, dark monoliths in the otherwise well-lit room. Scores of cables crawled along the concrete floor, connecting the extensive collection of hardware that dwarfed the basement.
A young man with horn-rimmed glasses and shiny black hair sat hunched over a table in the middle of the room. The frames around his eyes glinted under a spotlight.
‘Qin Lee?’ I called out. The young man looked up sharply. Almond-shaped eyes narrowed behind the lenses. ‘Solito sent us.’
He stared at Reid and me for a couple of beats before carefully putting down the document he had been working on. He removed a pair of latex gloves from his hands, rose from the chair and spoke a few words to the old man. The latter glanced at us hesitantly, nodded once and left.
Qin Lee waited until the door closed at the top of the stairs. ‘What do you want?’ he said with a heavy frown.
I indicated Reid. ‘I need some passports for him, amongst other things.’
Reid’s eyes narrowed. ‘I already have a passport,’ he said.
‘You need new ones,’ I replied. Reid held my gaze for several seconds. A sigh left his lips: he knew not to ask for the reasons why. Yet.
I turned to Qin Lee and listed the additional items I required. The young man pursed his lips and studied me curiously. ‘This will cost you.’
‘Money’s not an issue,’ I said briskly. ‘When can you have the documents ready?’
Qin Lee shrugged. ‘Day after tomorrow, at the earliest.’
‘We need them tonight.’ I paused at his shocked expression. ‘Like I said, money isn’t an issue.’
Two hours later, we walked out of the house with three fake passports and a document wallet.
‘You know, it would help me a lot if I knew what was going on behind that thick skull of yours once in a while,’ Reid muttered moodily once we were inside the Cruiser.
I glanced at him and started the engine. ‘What do you want to know?’ I said mildly.
‘Well, for one thing, why the hell did you just fork out a small fortune for those forgeries?’
‘Because I suspect we’re going to need them before the week’s over,’ I replied.
Reid grunted. ‘Why? Where are we going?’
‘France.’
His eyebrows rose slightly. ‘Any particular reason?’
‘The last paper Strauss published was from UPMC, the Université Pierre et Marie Curie in Paris,’ I explained. ‘I want to know why Burnstein and the Crovir First Council are so interested in this person.’
Reid gazed ahead thoughtfully. ‘You sure about this?’ he said after a while.
I hesitated. ‘It’s the only clue we’ve got.’
Reid nodded briskly. ‘When do we leave?’
I took out the cell and dialled the Vauquoises’ number. ‘Hello, Pierre? It’s Lucas.’ I paused and listened. ‘We’re fine. Look, we need to get to Paris. Can you help? ... No, commercial flights are out of the question. This has to be discreet.’ There was a longer pause while I waited for Vauquois to return to the phone. I pulled a pen and paper out of the glove compartment and wrote down the address he dictated. ‘Thanks, Pierre. Give my love to Solange.’
We headed north of DC and reached the private airstrip that Vauquois had directed us to outside Baltimore around midnight. The only plane on the tarmac with lights on was a white Cessna 750. I parked the Cruiser inside the hangar next to it and followed Reid to the aircraft. A tall, trim, middle-aged man with silver-streaked brown hair came down the steps to meet us when we entered the shadow of the plane.
‘Are you Pierre’s friends?’ he said in an amiable voice.
‘Yes, we are,’ I replied. We shook hands.
‘I’m Jim, your pilot.’ He glanced at our bags. ‘Will this be all?’ I nodded. ‘Good,’ he said. ‘Come aboard.’
Thirty minutes later, we were airborne. As the east coast fell away beneath us, I turned to the documents I had printed at Qin Lee’s place; before the Crovirs surprised us in Capitol Hill, I had forwarded the photograph from Burnstein’s computer to a fake email address on a separate server. The research articles by HE Strauss and generic information about the UPMC had been freely accessible on the internet.
‘Wake me up when we get there,’ mumbled Reid across the aisle. He lowered his seat into a comfortable position and closed his eyes.
I spent the next two hours poring over the information in Strauss’s papers. Occasionally, my gaze would stray to the black and white print of the man and the woman in the restaurant.
Why was a senior member of the Crovir Councils so concerned with a scientist involved in research in genetics and molecular biology? Sure, Burnstein was the head of a biotechnology corporation, but the security measures surrounding the information on Strauss suggested that the President and CEO of GeMBiT Corp had a more vested interest in the professor than pure academic curiosity. More importantly, what did it have to do with the Crovir Hunters’ renewed attempts on my life? The timing of the events was too close for this fact to be a coincidence. And where did Olsson feature in all of this?
Somewhere over the Atlantic, I closed my eyes and was lulled into a troubled sleep by the drone of the Cessna’s engines.
Eight hours after we left Baltimore, we landed on a deserted airfield thirty miles outside Paris. The local time was 15:00. ‘Pierre called,’ said Jim when he opened the aircraft door. ‘He said he would arrange transportation for you.’
We unloaded our bags and bade the pilot goodbye. As we stood on the tarmac and watched the Cessna dwindle to a speck on the skyline, on its way to Le Bourget Airport to fuel up, the distant backfiring of engines alerted us to approaching vehicles. We turned and gazed down the strip.
A black Jaguar XK120 roadster was making its way rapidly across the uneven asphalt towards us. Not far behind it was a dusty, mustard-yellow Citroën 2CV. French hip-hop music blasted loudly out of its open windows.
The roadster braked to a halt a few inches from our legs. An energetic young man with blond hair and blue eyes leapt out of the driver’s seat. ‘Bonjour! Vous êtes Lucas?’ he said with a blindingly white smile.
‘Oui,’ I replied guardedly.
He threw the car keys across to me. ‘Compliment de Monsieur Vauquois!’ he shouted over his shoulder as he jogged over to the 2CV. The bearded youth behind the wheel of the Citroën gave us a brief nod and pulled his shades down. We watched the car do a screeching U-turn and hurtle erratically down the runway. The rap lyrics faded slowly in the distance.
Reid studied the roadster with raised eyebrows. ‘Do all immortals have a thing for nice cars, or is it just you and the people you know?’ He dropped our bags in the boot of the car and climbed into the passenger seat.
‘What can I say? We like the classics.’ I slipped behind the wheel and ran my fingers lovingly over the dashboard and the gearbox. Pierre and Solange had left the vintage car with some friends in Chantilly when they moved to New York: they still used it whenever they visited France. It had been a while since I drove the old antique.
Despite the heavy Saturday afternoon traffic and Reid’s occasionally acerbic comment on my driving, we made Paris in just under an hour: the old back roads had not changed much in the few decades since I had last been to the capital. I crossed the Boulevard Périphérique near the 16ème arrondissement, went over the Place du Trocadéro and headed steadily for the Pont d’léna.
‘Nice,’ said Reid, staring ahead. The Eiffel Tower rose impressively at the head of the Parc du Champ de Mars in front of us.
The traffic slowed when we hit the Boulevard Garibaldi and the Rue Froidevaux. By the time we reached the 13ème arrondissement and pulled to a stop opposite an apartment building halfway down a narrow side street, the sky was starting to redden. I got out of the roadster and smiled faintly while I studied the well-preserved green Renault 5 Supermini taking center stage in the allocated parking space in front of the edifice.
I crossed the sidewalk to a pair of mahogany double doors and pressed the buzzer for apartment 3A. Seconds later, a gruff voice barked a mildly disgruntled ‘Oui?’ through the speakerphone.
‘C’est Lucas,’ I said loudly.
There was a pregnant pause. ‘Lucas?’ Surprise elevated the pitch of the man’s voice. ‘Nom de Dieu!’
Moments later, the doors to the building slammed open. The figure on the threshold stared, goggle-eyed, before engulfing me in a bear-like embrace. ‘My word, Lucas! You haven’t changed at all! What’s it been, ten, twelve years?’
I grinned at the short, portly middle-aged French man with the thick moustache. ‘About that.’
A retired detective who used to work at the headquarters of the French National Police, Gustav Lacroix was one of the few mortal friends the Vauquoises and I had maintained contact with since we left France. Although the Frenchman often joked that we appeared to have discovered the secret whereabouts of the Fountain of Youth, I had a feeling he sometimes suspected our somewhat unearthly origins. Still, he never asked us questions.
I glanced at the Supermini. ‘I see you still have the old car.’
‘Pah! I wouldn’t trade it for any of these new fancy schmancy contraptions.’ Gustav’s eyes glinted when he spotted the roadster. ‘On the other hand, I wouldn’t mind getting my fingers on that little beauty.’ He greeted Reid like an old acquaintance and ushered us inside the building. ‘So, what brings you to Paris?’ he said once we were inside his apartment.
I glanced at Reid. ‘We have some business in town,’ I said vaguely.
A wry smile appeared on the old detective’s face as he studied our expressions. ‘Ah. I see.’ He placed a tray of freshly brewed coffee on the low table in the living room. ‘I take it it’s the kind of business you can’t talk about.’ I nodded once. He sat down in a large, padded armchair. ‘Well, if there’s anything I can do to help, don’t hesitate to ask.’
‘Thanks.’ I reached for one of the porcelain cups and took a gulp of the hot, fragrant liquid; the familiar taste flooded my mouth, bringing back memories of lazy summer days spent in the French capital. ‘Actually, I do have a question,’ I said after a while. Gustav looked at me expectantly. ‘Have there been any—unusual incidents in the city of late?’
The detective’s eyes widened. ‘In Paris?’ His tone was strangely bemused.
I smiled. ‘Sorry, that was a stupid question. What I meant was, something—out of the ordinary, mysterious—unnatural even?’
Gustav frowned and shook his head. ‘No. Not that I’ve heard of anyway. But, tell you what, my nephew Christophe works at the DCPJ, la Direction Centrale de la Police Judiciaire. You haven’t met him before; he just moved to Paris from Lyon. He’s coming over for dinner tonight. He might know something.’
Christophe Lacroix turned out to be a much taller and slimmer version of his uncle. It became quickly evident that his warm, chocolate-brown eyes and loose demeanour belied a sharp intelligence, while experience had bestowed a somewhat sardonic twist to his smile. ‘You’ve known my uncle for long?’ he said curiously while we sat at the dining table and sipped wine from a fine bottle of Cru Beaujolais.
‘Yes,’ I replied in a carefully neutral tone.
‘Gustav mentioned that you wanted to know of any strange events that may have occurred in the city recently?’ he continued.
‘Ah-huh,’ I said with a noncommittal nod.
Christophe Lacroix leaned back in his chair. ‘What do you do for a living?’ he said, watching us lazily over the rim of his glass.
Reid glanced at me guardedly. ‘We’re private investigators.’
The French detective’s gaze never wavered from my face. The brown eyes had narrowed thoughtfully. ‘Oh? And what exactly, may I ask, are you investigating in our lovely Ville-Lumière?’
Brief silence followed. ‘It’s a missing person’s case,’ I said levelly.
‘Really?’ Lacroix sounded unconvinced. ‘Why don’t you tell me more? I might be able to help.’
I smiled. ‘I’m afraid that’s impossible. Our clients are very—particular. They would like to keep this as low-key as possible.’
Lacroix frowned. Just then, Gustav entered the room, placed a large casserole dish in the center of the table and lifted the lid. Steam billowed out and was followed by the fragrant aroma of slow cooked meat and vegetables. ‘Voila! My famous Coq au Vin. Dig in!’
The conversation turned to more mundane matters. Gustav’s nephew finally took his leave just after ten, blaming an early start the next day. He paused in the doorway and studied us carefully. ‘In response to your earlier query, no, there haven’t been any unusual incidents in the city of late. None that has attracted the attention of the DCPJ anyway.’
‘Thank you,’ I murmured gratefully. Fifteen minutes later, we rose from the table and headed for the front door.
‘Here, this is the spare key for when you get back. I’m afraid one of you will have to sleep on the sofa. The guest room only has a single bed,’ Gustav said apologetically as he let us out of the apartment.
Earlier that evening, I had looked up the HE Strausses listed in Paris in the retired detective’s White Pages. There were five of them. Although the Center for Molecular Genetics, the principal research lab where Strauss was assigned, was located on the Gif-sur-Yvette campus some twenty miles south-west of the French capital, instinct told me that the professor quite likely kept a place in Paris. I ruled out the Strausses who lived too far from the center of the city and not within walking distance of a train station or metro. That left only three: one in Montreuil, and two within the Boulevard Périphérique, in the 11ème and 7ème arrondissements.
We took the roadster and headed east, past the Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital and the Quai de la Gare. After crossing the River Seine at the Pont de Tolbiac, I turned right onto the Quai de Bercy and joined the Boulevard Périphérique. Eight minutes later, we entered the suburb of Montreuil.
The address was a detached house in a narrow road not far from the metro station. Lights were still on behind the ground floor windows when we pulled up some fifty yards from the property. After watching the place for ten minutes, I left the car, crossed the shallow fore garden and knocked on the front door. It was opened by an elderly gentleman.
‘Je peux vous aider?’ said the man in a frail voice, blinking in the porch light.
‘I apologise for bothering you at such a late hour,’ I replied in French. ‘I was passing through and thought I’d look up an old university friend, a person by the name of HE Strauss?’
‘Oh. I’m terribly sorry, I’m afraid I’m the only HE Strauss living at this address,’ he said with a weak smile. I thanked him and strolled back to the car.
‘Any luck?’ said Reid.
‘No. Let’s try the next address.’
The traffic had thinned out considerably and the drive to the 11ème arrondissement took less than ten minutes. The address was an apartment located in an old neoclassical building halfway down a quiet cul-de-sac. I parked the car at the entrance of the street and we sat watching the block. The curtains were drawn and the lights were off behind the large French windows on the second floor. They remained so for the next half hour.
‘Wanna check out the last place?’ suggested Reid. I frowned, but nodded nonetheless.
The apartment in the 7ème was owned by a Hélène Eveline Strauss, a teacher at a local elementary school. Her voice sounded thin and harassed on the speakerphone: the high-pitched screams of children rose in the background behind her. ‘Sorry to bother you,’ I said hastily after confirming her details and returned to the car.
‘No luck here either?’ muttered Reid.
‘No,’ I murmured thoughtfully. ‘Let’s go back to the 11ème arrondissement. I have a feeling that’s the place we want.’
We headed across the river. Moments later, I pulled into the empty parking space we had used previously. The apartment on the second floor was as dark as when we had left. A second after I turned off the engine, the front door of the building opened. A man walked out with a dog on a leash; he glanced curiously at the car when he strolled past us.
‘Fancy a walk?’ I said to Reid after a while.
He shrugged. ‘Sure. It beats sitting here the whole night. Besides, the friendly neighbourhood watch might call the cops on us if we hang around much longer.’
We left the roadster and walked down a narrow alley at the side of the building. It led to a gate behind the property. It took but seconds to scale the wooden palisade. We landed silently in a short, walled rear garden.
Lights from the first and fourth floors bathed a narrow brick patio in a golden glow. Flowerpots dotted the edges of the terrace and a set of four ornate metal chairs sat around a small cream table. Outlined starkly against the back wall of the apartment block was an elaborate, spiral iron fire escape. The lack of rust suggested that it was a fairly new addition to the otherwise grand and faded facade.
We negotiated the metal steps silently and paused next to an old sash window on the second landing. The soft tinkle of a piano drifted from somewhere above, while the smell of freshly brewed coffee and the babble of conversation rose from the floor below.
Reid removed the lock pick from his jacket and carefully carved a hole in the glass with a small, circular diamond cutter. He reached through the narrow opening and thumbed the internal lock of the sash window. There was a soft click.
It took both of us to lift open the heavy wooden frame: several layers of paint had done a good job of gluing it solidly to the casing. The cords and counterbalances creaked softly in the night when the pane finally moved in its runners. We climbed through the gap and stepped quietly inside the building, standing still while our eyes adjusted to the darkness.
A security light illuminated a common stairwell to our left. On the other side of it was a passage that ran parallel to the corridor we found ourselves in. There were four apartments on each floor, two to the front and two to the rear of the building. We headed for the one that faced onto the cul-de-sac.
As we passed the door of the apartment on our right, it opened quietly on well-oiled hinges. An old woman in a white nightdress appeared in the doorway and squinted at us. ‘Is someone there?’ she said in a frail voice, her tone hesitant. ‘Is that you, Hubert?’
Reid and I froze on the landing. I held my breath, aware that she only had to raise her hand to touch my face. Seconds later the old woman frowned, sighed softly and closed the door.
We carried on more cautiously down the corridor. Silence greeted us when we stopped outside Strauss’s apartment. I tried the door handle; it twisted easily in my grip. I glanced at Reid. He was already reaching for the Glock. I slid the wakizashi from its scabbard and pushed the door open with the tip of the blade.
The interior of the apartment was inky black and as still as a tomb. The air was stifling and overlaid with a faint stench of decay. We paused just inside the doorway while our eyes adjusted to the gloom. The low rectangular outlines of furniture slowly appeared around us. To the left, the grand, ceiling-high French windows loomed behind sets of heavy brocaded curtains.
Reid switched on a pen torch. Dust motes danced in the narrow beam as it swept across the vast space.
A drawing room occupied half the width of the apartment. It had a beautiful vaulted ceiling and a stone fireplace, and had been tastefully decorated with an eclectic collection of old and opulent furnishings. Large double French doors at the rear opened onto a dining room and a kitchen.
We traced the smell of putrefaction to a garbage holder and the half open fridge: the internal light cast a pale glow on the linoleum floor and partially illuminated the kitchen cabinets. Inside, the shelves were well stocked. A glass of rancid orange juice stood forlornly on the countertop. At the other end of the drawing room, a corridor led to a master bedroom, a bathroom, a study, and a smaller second bedroom.
Although the apartment bore a general air of untidiness to be expected of a busy scientist, it also showed signs of having been carefully searched. The hard drive of the computer in the study had been wiped clean. Documents lay scattered haphazardly within wallets and folders inside the drawers of the writing desk and the filing cabinets that stood around the walls of the study. In the drawing room, the phone messages had been deleted, while a digital camera with its internal memory erased lay on the coffee table.
‘You noticed the pictures?’ murmured Reid with a frown.
I nodded warily. Dotted around the apartment were dozens of photo frames. They were all empty. Only the paintings in the drawing room and bedrooms had been left untouched.
‘Lucas,’ Reid said quietly seconds later.
We were inside the master bedroom. I looked to where he directed the torch beam. On the rear wall, next to an oil canvas reproduction of Degas’s 1888 “Dancers”, was a spattering of dried blood.
There was a small, perfectly round hole scant inches from it. It looked very much like the entry point of a bullet.
‘Crovir Hunters?’ said Reid.
‘Probably.’ My gaze shifted from the crimson droplets to the Degas. I crossed the floor and carefully lifted the painting off the wall. I traced a small, faded rectangular mark on the rear of the gilded frame with the tips of my fingers. Something had been taped to the back of the painting.
I looked at the space behind the headboard. It was empty. I put the painting back on the wall, knelt down and peered under the bed. Reid joined me and shone the torch across the floorboards.
The light glinted off something metallic, half obscured by a dust covered suitcase.
I leaned down further and reached for the object. My fingers closed around something hard and cold. I lifted it to the light.
It was a key attached to a strip of adhesive tape. Bloody fingerprints covered the metal. Beneath them were engraved the letters CNRS and the numbers 129.





Chapter Seven


We left the apartment minutes later and took the stairs to the ground floor. A row of letter boxes flanked the wall just inside the front doors of the building. There was mail inside HE Strauss’s box.
It was past one in the morning by the time we returned to Gustav’s place. I switched on a table lamp in the drawing room and we went through the handful of letters we had collected from the 11ème arrondissement. They were all addressed to Monsieur or Professeur Hubert Eric Strauss. Most of them were bills. There were a few invitations to forthcoming international symposiums and conferences on molecular genetics.
Something slipped out from the pile of correspondence and fell to the floor. I picked up a small rectangular board. It was a postcard from Italy. Dated twelve days ago, it depicted the Faraglioni rock formations off the Amalfi coast and was signed ‘A’: the message read ‘See you soon’ in neat feminine writing.
‘No phone calls have been made from Strauss’s apartment in the last month,’ said Reid, studying one of the bills. ‘Before that, there were twelve calls made to the same number in the space of a week.’
I looked at the figures that preceded the telephone number and frowned. ‘That’s a Swiss dialling code.’
One of the letters was from Strauss’s bank. It confirmed that a sum of 100,000 Euros had been transferred to an account in Zurich, as per the professor’s instructions. The transaction was dated four weeks ago.
Reid’s eyebrows rose. ‘Does this mean he’s in Switzerland?’
‘I don’t know.’ I took out the key we had taken from Strauss’s apartment and studied it thoughtfully. Judging from the bullet hole and blood, the professor was in more than a little trouble. I had been hoping to find some answers in Paris. Instead I only had more questions. ‘I think we should take a look at the Gif-sur-Yvette campus tomorrow.’
Having decided it was best to leave Paris before the Sunday traffic clogged up the arteries of the city, we caught a few hours’ sleep and were up again at the crack of dawn.
‘Are you sure you can’t stay for longer?’ said Gustav while he cleared the breakfast table. The Frenchman looked despondent at the news of our early departure.
‘I’m afraid not,’ I replied with an apologetic smile. ‘The trail will get cold if we leave it any longer.’
We bade goodbye to the retired detective and left the 13ème arrondissement shortly before eight. I headed west across the River Seine and soon joined the N118 highway. Twenty minutes later, I pulled up outside a 24-hour cafe with internet facilities. While I searched for maps of the CNRS campus, Reid looked up the NCIC database and Interpol’s site. ‘Well, you haven’t made the wanted lists yet,’ he said after a while.
‘I’m glad to hear it,’ I said wryly.
Located in the Science Valley of the Yvette River some twenty miles south-west of the French capital, at the gateway to the Parc de la Vallée de Chevreuse, the town of Gif-sur-Yvette was home not only to the CNRS but also to the Centre Nationale de la Recherche Scientifique, the CEA, Commissariat à l'Énergie Atomique, Supélec, L’École Supérieure d'Électricité, the LGEP, Laboratoire de Génie Électrique de Paris, the Centre Nationale d'Études and the National Police Academy. The CNRS campus was on a one hundred and sixty acre estate within the town itself. At nine in the morning, the grounds were practically deserted.
We headed for a four-storey edifice to the north of the site that housed the main laboratories of the Centre de Génétique Moléculaire. It took a couple of minutes to override the security system at the back of the building. Once inside, we found an administration office on the ground floor. A staff board on the wall indicated that the professor worked in a laboratory two levels up. We took the stairs and entered a long corridor tiled in white and smelling strongly of antiseptic.
‘This kinda reminds me of a hospital,’ said Reid as we walked down the cool and clinical hallway.
‘Ah-huh,’ I said, glancing at the names on the doors.
‘I hate hospitals,’ Reid muttered under his breath.
We turned into a side passage. At the end of it was a door with a nameplate engraved with the words “Prof. HE Strauss.”
Beyond it was a lab. Bar the complex machines that crowded the cluttered worktops and the humming fridge cabinets lining the walls, it was empty. A dry wipe board filled most of the rear of the room: it was filled with complicated numbers, diagrams and equations joined by interlinking arrows and question marks. Next to the board, another door opened onto a small office.
Paper overflowed from the in-tray on the desk. There was a print of Gustav Klimt’s “The Kiss” on the wall; a year planner overrun with memos hung lopsidedly to the right of it. An empty picture frame stood adjacent to a dying cactus plant on the window sill.
A careful search of the drawers and filing cabinets produced nothing useful: there was no mention of CNRS 129 anywhere. Loose wires on the floor and a pale rectangular patch on the desk indicated that Strauss had had a computer in the office.
‘This key has got to be for something here,’ I said tensely.
‘Well, whatever it is, it ain’t in this room,’ Reid said with a shrug.
We left the lab and started to explore the rest of the building. At the end of a corridor on the ground floor, we found a staff changing room. My eyes widened as I gazed upon the rows of lockers. Aware of the rising beat of my heart, I walked swiftly along the aisles, looking for 129. Frustratingly, the lockers were not arranged chronologically.
I finally found 129. The door hung loosely from its hinges. It was also glaringly empty. ‘Looks like someone got here before us,’ said Reid.
I frowned. Something about the door did not look quite right. I slowly traced the metal numbers with a finger.
‘What is it?’ said Reid.
‘This isn’t the right one,’ I replied slowly, staring at the faint but fresh marks in the heads of the screws that secured the middle number to the door.
Two aisles down, we found locker 139. I tried the key. There was a faint click from the lock. ‘He swapped the numbers around,’ I said, opening the door to the closet. I reached for the brown package taped to the roof inside.
‘Smart guy,’ murmured Reid. ‘He must have known they were after him.’
The envelope contained a memory stick and an A5 journal. There was an inscription on the inside page of the thick volume. ‘“Hope this brings you inspiration”, signed “A”,’ I quoted quietly.
‘This the same “A” from the postcard?’ said Reid.
‘The handwriting looks similar,’ I murmured. The first entry in the journal was dated two years previously. I leafed through the well thumbed pages.
The diary seemed to be a chronicle of Hubert Strauss’s work over a period of twenty months. It also appeared to be a reflection of the scientist’s state of mind and life during that time: numerous red-inked annotations and diagrams crowded the narrow margins, with memos, letters and email printouts stuck randomly between the sheets.
A clink sounded outside the door to the locker room. A second later, it opened. The sound of shuffling feet and the slow squeak of wheels followed. Someone started to whistle softly under their breath.
I motioned Reid wordlessly around the aisle. We circled the room carefully until we reached the open doorway and paused: a janitor stood mopping the floor to our right, his back to us. We left silently and exited the building through the rear door.
In the half hour since we had arrived on the campus, more people had ventured outside. Peals of laughter and the babble of conversation rose towards the blue skies: a group of students had laid picnic baskets on a blanket under some elm trees and were making the most of the autumn sun.
We turned and headed for the car. It was another minute before we noticed the men tracking us.
‘I make four of them,’ I said quietly, hands hanging loosely at my sides. I could feel the weight of the guns under my coat. The roadster was still some hundred feet away, in the shadow of another building.
‘There’s a fifth guy behind the oak tree up on the left,’ Reid observed casually.
Despite the tension humming through my body, I kept my expression carefully neutral. ‘They must have been watching Strauss’s office.’
Reid nodded, his lips tightening in a grim smile. ‘How do you wanna play this?’
I thought for a moment. ‘Divide and conquer is always a good plan.’
‘On the count of three?’ said Reid. I shrugged. Seconds later, we parted and headed briskly in opposite directions.
The Crovir Hunters’ first bullets cracked through the air close on our heels. We turned and exchanged fire. Shouts of surprise and alarm followed from the bewildered students. As more gunshots echoed to the blue skies, panic gripped the campus. By the time the screams started, Reid and I were already running.
I skidded behind an elm tree and stood rock still while rounds thudded into the other side of the trunk. Reid dropped to his heels a short distance away, in the lee of a white van. ‘Cover me!’ I shouted, indicating the Jag. He nodded, turned, dropped to one knee and let out a volley of shots.
I ran for the car. Bullets thudded into the ground behind me: a splatter of soil hit the back of my legs. I leapt over a low crash barrier, landed on my feet and kept running. A dark figure appeared in my left peripheral vision. I raised my gun and fired, still racing for the roadster. I was about seven yards from the vehicle when a faint whistling noise suddenly rose behind me. Before I could make sense of it, the world exploded in a wave of bright light and deafening sound.
The blast from the rocket-propelled grenade threw me onto the hood of the car. I lay there for several heartbeats, stunned and blinking slowly while my ears throbbed and pain radiated across the right side of my chest.
Reid’s voice finally made it through the ringing in my head. ‘Get up! Move!’ He dragged me off the Jag, pushed me inside the car, and climbed into the passenger seat. A spray of bullets scored the ground next to the wheels. One round ricocheted off the wing mirror. As I turned the key in the ignition, my gaze was drawn to something glinting under the sun several feet away. It was the memory stick.
‘Where the hell are you—’ Reid shouted behind me. I was already out of the door and lunging for the silver rectangle. My fingers were inches from it when a bullet slammed into the grass next to my hand.
Reid leaned out of the passenger window and returned fire over my head while I scrambled backwards into the driver’s seat. Somewhere to the right, a panicked scream was abruptly cut off. I blinked sweat and blood from my eyes, engaged the transmission, grabbed the wheel and floored the accelerator. Seconds later, flames flashed up ahead. I spun the car to the left sharply. Reid cursed as he slammed into the door.
The second explosion blasted a young tree from its roots and lifted the rear wheels of the roadster several inches in the air. The suspension groaned as the vehicle bounced back onto the asphalt. I shifted gear and headed towards the north exit of the campus.
‘Well, that was fun,’ said Reid with a scowl.
I frowned and glanced at the journal by my feet. ‘They’re getting reckless. Whatever’s in there, they want it badly.’
‘You’re probably right,’ said Reid. He glanced over his shoulder. ‘Oh, and by the way, not that I’m rushing you or anything, but it looks like they’re closing on us.’
I glanced at the rear view mirror. There were two black SUVs on our tail. ‘Hang on,’ I said grimly.
The Jag was doing ninety miles per hour when we hit the road. I twisted the steering wheel sharply to the right and narrowly avoided a caravan in the opposite lane. A horn blared and angry words rose from the other vehicle. Birds erupted from the trees that lined the carriageway at the sound of screeching tires. The SUVs shot out onto the asphalt behind us.
Something pinged off the rear of the roadster. Reid looked at me. ‘Are they firing at us?’ he said incredulously.
I glanced at the wing mirror. ‘Ah-huh,’ I replied with a nod, swerving to overtake a horse trailer.
A resigned expression dawned on Reid’s face. He sighed. ‘Darn,’ he said, shaking his head. ‘I really hate shooting in the wind.’ He loaded another magazine into the Glock and leaned out of the window. The SUVs were forty feet away and closing. He gripped the gun in both hands and fired twice in rapid succession. There was a distant bang. ‘Gotcha!’ He grinned and slid down into the seat.
The blown-out front tyre destabilized the leading SUV. It spun, flipped over twice and crashed into the safety guard with a harsh shriek of metal tearing against metal. The second SUV swung around the smashed up vehicle with a sharp squeal of tires. It almost lost control, righted itself at the last moment and resumed the pursuit. A couple more bullets struck the backend of the Jag. I winced at the thought of the expensive paintwork.
Reid leaned out of the window again and emptied the magazine in the Glock. ‘Can this thing go any faster?’ he said conversationally seconds later.
I glanced at the speedometer. We were already doing one hundred and twenty miles per hour. ‘Not really.’
‘That’s a shame,’ he continued in the same relaxed tone. ‘They just lifted the rocket launcher out through the sunroof.’
I looked at the rear view mirror and spotted the black mouth of the weapon on top of the pursuing vehicle. ‘That’s not good,’ I said, my fingers gripping the steering wheel tensely.
‘No, it sure ain’t,’ said Reid.
My gaze shifted to the road ahead. We were coming up to a roundabout. To the right of it lay the entrance to Soleil Synchrotron, a scientific facility co-owned by the CNRS and the CEA, and dedicated to research on sub-atomic particle acceleration. I shifted gear and swerved sharply.
The grenade missed the roadster by a foot and took out the Synchrotron signboard, a huge chunk off the grassy knoll in the middle of the junction and part of the road beyond it. Clumps of soil rained down around us and clouded the windshield.
Reid absent-mindedly wiped some dirt off his arm and looked over his shoulder. ‘At this rate, if they don’t kill us, you will for sure,’ he said lightly. ‘So, you got any other bright ideas?’
I frowned and studied the layout of the road. A glance at the rear view mirror showed the SUV thirty feet behind and closing. ‘Yes,’ I said tersely. ‘Put your seat belt on.’
Seconds later, I crossed the central reservation and accelerated towards an oncoming truck in the opposite lane. Behind the windscreen of the elevated cabin, the driver’s eyes widened in horror. He spun his steering wheel to his left.
The roadster skidded into a lay-by, raising a cloud of dirt and gravel. The tail of the truck screeched past inches of the front bumper, before spinning lazily through one hundred and eighty degrees. Bales of hay scattered across the lanes. The truck tilted slightly and finally came to a juddering halt on all four wheels in the middle of the road. The SUV hurtled into one of the haystacks, skidded wildly and smashed head first into an electric pole. Flames erupted from beneath the hood and rapidly engulfed the front of the vehicle. The doors opened and dark-clad figures slowly scrambled out.
I steered the roadster onto the road and drove off.
Reid stared from the chaos behind us to me. ‘That was a bit wild,’ he said.
I shrugged. ‘It worked.’
‘You’re bleeding again.’ He pointed at his right temple.
I wiped the blood trickling down my face and winced at the pain in my chest; I suspected I cracked a rib when I landed on the car. Minutes later, we merged with the traffic heading south on the N118 and were soon travelling east on the A5 motorway.
Just before noon, I pulled into the town of Troyes. We grabbed something to eat and went in search of a cyber cafe. The incident at Gif had already made the news.
‘One student has been shot dead and three more were seriously injured on the campus of the CNRS in Gif-sur-Yvette following an incident earlier this morning. According to the police, gunfire erupted during an apparent altercation between a number of unidentified men just after nine-thirty. Judging from the scenes of devastation around us, the use of some sort of incendiary device or bomb has not been excluded by the authorities. The men implicated in the disturbance subsequently fled the scene in separate vehicles. Two black Freelander 4x4s with unknown registrations have since been recovered within a two-mile radius of the campus. Both have been involved in crashes. One police source reports that, although a significant amount of blood was evident at the sites of the accidents, no bodies have been recovered from the vehicles.’
The live feed had been shot on the Gif campus. The building containing the laboratories of the Centre de Génétique Moléculaire dominated the background. Behind the female presenter, the police had cordoned off a large area of the lawn. Under the elm trees, two coroner officers were zipping a body into a bag.
‘Police are still looking for the third vehicle involved in this incident, thought to be a black vintage Jaguar. So far no information is available on its possible whereabouts.’ The female presenter paused and frowned. Her hand went to her earpiece and she listened intently for several seconds. Her eyes widened as she stared into the camera. ‘I have just received some breaking news from my colleague in Paris,’ she added breathlessly with barely concealed excitement. ‘The body of internationally renowned scientist Professor Hubert Eric Strauss was discovered in his apartment in the 11ème arrondissement two hours ago. Professor Strauss, who worked at the Centre de Génétique Moléculaire on this very campus behind me, is thought to have been the victim of a botched burglary. The police in Paris have since confirmed that one of the professor’s neighbours reported seeing a black vintage car at the scene of the crime late last night.’
Silence followed while we stared at the images on the computer.
‘The Hunters put the body there?’ said Reid finally.
‘Probably.’ I gazed blindly at the elm trees on the screen. The immortals were more than desperate: the mounting body count was proof enough of this. The anger simmering in my gut flared at the thought of Olsson and the Crovir First Council.
‘I don’t get it.’ Reid was frowning. ‘If he’s the one they were looking for, why kill him?’
I tapped a finger on the cover of the late professor’s journal. ‘Maybe it wasn’t him they were after,’ I murmured. Reid stared at me blankly. ‘I think whatever they’re searching for has something to do with his work.’
Reid scratched his chin thoughtfully. ‘Well, we’ve got his journal.’
‘Yeah.’ I frowned. ‘But they’ve got the memory stick.’
Reid’s eyes narrowed. ‘I still don’t see what any of this has to do with you. Where’s the connection?’
My frown deepened. Things were getting more dangerous by the hour. Yet, I felt I was still far from arriving at any answers.
The screen in front of Reid flickered. He studied it for a couple of seconds and sighed. ‘Well, I’m afraid I’ve got more bad news.’
I tensed. ‘What is it?’
Reid indicated the monitor with a cocked thumb. ‘Looks like we’ve both made the wanted lists.’
I leaned across and studied the fuzzy mug shots of the pair of us on the NCIC and Interpol pages. My eyebrows rose fractionally. ‘Do we always look that disreputable?’
Reid shrugged. ‘Depends on the time of day, but yeah, mostly we do.’
A name on the Interpol site drew my eyes. The agent assigned to our case was one Christophe Lacroix.
‘I don’t know whether to call it coincidence or irony,’ said Reid flatly.
I glanced at him. ‘Do you need to tell Sam?’
Samantha was Reid’s ex-wife: despite their divorce five years ago, they still got along well. I sometimes suspected they would get back together at some point in the future.
‘No, it’ll only make things worse,’ said Reid. ‘Besides, they might trace the call.’ He struck a match and lit a cigarette.
‘I don’t think you’re allowed to smoke in here.’ I looked past Reid and directed a friendly smile at the large bearded man behind the front desk of the cafe. The latter did not return it; instead a frown marred his reddening brow.
Reid inhaled slowly and blew smoke rings towards the ceiling. ‘It’s been a busy day,’ he said coldly. ‘Anyone who wants to stop me from smoking will have to kill me first and prise this out of my cold, dead fingers.’
The bearded man had rounded the desk and was heading our way like an unmoored tugboat. The frown had taken on a life of its own. I closed down the computers, rose and dragged Reid off the chair. ‘Come on, let’s get out of here. We need to find a new car.’
We exited the cafe. I found a public phone booth and called Gustav Lacroix.
‘What’s going on?’ said the old detective in a troubled voice. ‘Are you all right?’
‘I’m sorry,’ I said quietly. ‘We never meant to cause you any trouble.’ I hesitated. ‘Tell your nephew that not everything is as it seems.’ I put the receiver down and tried to ignore the pang of guilt that stabbed through my chest.
We bought a second hand Audi A4 from a dealership just outside Troyes. Reid followed me in the Jaguar as I headed down a series of narrow country roads. I found an abandoned barn tucked in some woods at the end of a rutted lane and left the roadster inside, under a dusty tarpaulin: I planned to call Vauquois and tell him of its whereabouts at our next stop.
‘Where to now?’ said Reid once we were back on the motorway.
I glanced at him, my grip light on the steering wheel of the Audi. ‘We’re going to Zurich.’
Thoughtful silence followed my words. ‘We checking out Strauss’s bank?’ Reid said finally.
‘Amongst other things.’ I paused. ‘The number Strauss had been calling is also in Zurich.’
Reid gazed at my profile. ‘You think this “A” person is there as well?’
‘I’m betting on it.’





Chapter Eight


We drove through Basel, followed the Limmat River and finally reached Zurich in the late afternoon.
Known as the cultural capital of the Switzerland, the political capital being Berne, the city had started life as a tax collection point on the border of the Roman Province of Gallia Belgica in the first century AD. After passing through the hands of several Holy Roman Emperors in the ensuing centuries, it finally became part of the independent Swiss Confederation in 1291. Immortals had a heavy hand in moulding the future of the country, as they did in so many others throughout the history of mankind.
I exited the motorway west of the river, crossed over the Wipkingerstrasse and pulled in at a hotel further down the Limmat Quai, where I booked us into a room facing over the water. The windows offered a glimpse of Lake Zurich, as well as sweeping views of the Limmat and two of the city’s most famous churches, the Fraumünster and St. Peter. While Reid stocked up on cigarettes, I went down to the reception and used the hotel’s internet room to access an online reverse search database. Minutes later, I had an address for the Zurich phone number that Strauss had been calling. It was in Riesbach, an affluent district further down the coast of the lake.
We left the hotel shortly after six and headed east on the Uto Quai.
The drive to the Bellerivestrasse was short and uneventful. The evening air was crisp and clear, and the harsh cries of black-headed gulls and piping calls of terns echoed across the lake. To the south, the fading sunlight glistened on the distant peaks of the Alps.
The house was a fairy-book, three-storey Swiss style cottage, complete with shingled roof, bracketed eaves, gables, and pretty, decorative wood-work trimmings on its outer walls. Located on a low rise at the end of a residential street, it had spectacular views over the water.
Night fell. Traffic gradually slowed and the shores of the lake came alive with the lights of the city. The cottage remained dark and lifeless.
Shortly after eight, we left the car and ascended the slope towards the rear of the property. Hazel bushes and honeysuckle shrubs formed a natural hedge around the yard and the air was redolent of the sweet smell of late blooming flowers.
Lights came on in the neighbouring house as we stepped onto the lawn. We paused in the shadows of the hedge and watched an elderly man close the curtains on the ground floor. Seconds later, we were on the wooden steps that led to the rear porch. A pair of sturdy walking boots and a lone umbrella stood leaning against the wall outside the back door.
Reid used the lock pick to open the door. Beyond it was a kitchen full of bright and vivid autumnal colours. The countertops were tidy and clean. A single cold mug of black coffee stood by the sink. From the layer of mould that coated the inside, it looked like it had been there for days. The cupboards were well stocked. The fridge and the bin were empty.
The rest of the house was decorated in pale pastels. Oil paintings dotted the walls and corridors, and an eclectic collection of antique furniture crowded the rooms, their dark lines broken by a scattering of bright throws and cushions. On the second floor, a large, black, French Rococo carved bed dominated a distinctly feminine bedroom. The wardrobe and drawers were full of women’s clothing and the air smelled of oranges.
On the ground floor, a study lined with floor to ceiling bookcases looked out onto the lake. An imposing antique Louis XVI desk occupied the space in front of the main window. A careful search of the drawers and wall cabinets provided no clues about the identity of the owner of the house.
There was a single letter on the doormat inside the front door. Addressed generically to the owner of the property, it confirmed that all the post had been diverted to a private mailbox in Geneva. Of the dozens of picture frames that crowded the window sills, walls and furniture around the house, not one contained a single photograph.
It was Reid who found the small metal and glass casing wedged in a gap between the floorboards in an upstairs closet. ‘This looks old,’ he muttered, handing it to me.
‘Yes, it is. It’s a daguerreotype.’ A faint smile dawned on my face as I slowly traced the antique plating with my fingers: it was several decades since I had last seen one of these. I looked up into Reid’s blank stare. ‘It’s a style of photography dating from the early nineteenth century,’ I explained.
I turned the daguerreotype over and stared at the picture under the glass. Though the image had faded over the years, I could still make out the two figures within the frame. The first one was a tall, thin man with greying hair. He was dressed in a double-breasted frockcoat, worn over a buff waistcoat and trousers, and had a top hat on his head and an ivory headed cane in his hand. The second figure was a little girl in a pale, high-waisted gown, complete with a pelisse. Dark curls peeked out from beneath her bonnet and framed a pair of pale, wide eyes. She was holding on tightly to the man’s left hand.
They stood in front of a half-finished St. Vitus Cathedral, within the grounds of Prague Castle.
‘This original?’ said Reid skeptically.
‘Yes.’ I stared at the figures for a while longer, before slipping the frame inside my coat. Although I was certain I had never met either of the people in the picture, a strange and uneasy sense of recognition hovered at the edge of my consciousness.
We left the house and returned to the hotel. Once in the room, I took out Strauss’s journal and laid it on the coffee table. We had not had time to study it yet.
‘Do you understand any of this stuff?’ said Reid after we had pored over it for half an hour.
‘Not really,’ I replied reluctantly. The pages of the journal were mostly filled with scientific jargon. Occasionally a series of exclamation marks followed a particularly complex paragraph. To complicate matters further, several sections of the journal had been heavily encrypted. Neither of us could decipher the code.
‘This is interesting,’ Reid said a few minutes later. He held out a copy of a printed email.
It had been sent two years ago by the President and CEO of GeMBiT Corp and was addressed to Strauss at his UPMC mailbox. The content was brief: Burnstein was offering his congratulations to Strauss on successfully securing a research grant worth ten million dollars for his project on advanced cell cycle control and DNA transposition.
Reid whistled softly. ‘That’s a lot of money.’
I frowned. ‘Yes, it is.’
We found another email from Burnstein near the back of the journal. It was dated three months ago. Though still short, the message conveyed a certain element of urgency: Burnstein was requesting an immediate meeting with Strauss to study the latest results of his research. He also demanded access to the laboratory samples that the scientist had been working on.
Strauss had forwarded the email to a third party on a separate server. The internet address of the mail recipient consisted of a series of numbers followed by the letters fgcz.uzh.ch. Above Burnstein’s message, the scientist had written “The Americans are getting restless. We need to talk.”
The reply was encrypted with one of the codes from Strauss’s journal.
‘Isn’t this a Swiss email address?’ said Reid with a frown.
I nodded. The letters looked vaguely familiar. I reached for the document wallet containing Strauss’s research papers and leafed through the contents. ‘It stands for the Functional Genomics Center of the University of Zurich,’ I said a moment later. I showed Reid the article featuring the FGCZ logo. There was a name next to it.
It was Prof. AM Godard.
‘So, we now know who the elusive “A” is, huh?’ murmured Reid. ‘And isn’t the University of Zurich close to here?’ He rose and brought the map on the bed over to the table.
‘There’s another campus in Irchel Park, to the north of the city,’ I said thoughtfully, indicating another section of the map. ‘Let’s see what we can find at the bank first.’
The next day, we left the hotel early and went to buy some suits.
Strauss’s bank was located on the Bahnhofstrasse, one of the most exclusive shopping avenues in Europe. Almost a mile long, it was also home to the Zurich Hauptbahnhof, Switzerland’s largest railway station. After studying the building from a newspaper kiosk down the road, we crossed the avenue, stepped through a set of revolving doors and entered a large and airy lobby.
The bank’s decor was pale and fairly clinical. An armed guard stood unobtrusively next to a potted palm tree to our left. He gave us a brief nod and resumed his stoic inspection of the street life outside.
The young woman seated behind the reception desk looked up with an inquisitive smile when we crossed the cream marble floor towards her.
‘We need to see the director please,’ I said in near perfect Swiss German before she could utter a word, returning her smile.
‘Do you have an appointment?’ she asked pleasantly, unfazed.
‘I’m afraid not.’ I removed a card from the inside pocket of my suit and showed it to her. ‘This is a police matter.’
The woman’s smile became slightly strained as she studied the badge. She lifted a handset and spoke softly into the mouthpiece. At the end of the short conversation, she placed the receiver in its cradle and indicated an artfully arranged circle of seats to the right of the lobby. ‘If you would please take a seat? The Director will be with you immediately,’ she murmured politely.
“Immediately” turned out to be a quarter of an hour later. By then, Reid had loosened his tie and paced around the lobby several times. ‘I need a smoke,’ he explained at my stare.
I looked at him blankly. ‘You had one an hour ago.’
He frowned. ‘What does that have to do with anything?’
I sighed and smoothed out the wrinkles in my coat. Finally, just as I was about to rise from the seat and approach the reception desk again, a musical ting sounded from the end of the foyer. ‘I am extremely sorry; I was in a very important meeting,’ murmured the man who walked out of the lift to greet us. ‘My name is Florent Mueller. I am the Executive Director of the bank. How may I be of assistance?’ Muller was short and dapper. He had a firm hand grip and smelled faintly of menthol.
‘I am Agent Petersen of Swiss Interpol. This is FBI Agent Barnes.’ I indicated Reid. ‘We’re investigating the murder of one of your clients, a Professor HE Strauss. He transferred a rather substantial amount of money to your bank a fortnight ago. We would like to study the details of the account.’ I paused. ‘We’re especially interested in any transactions that may have recently transpired on it.’
Mueller glanced at Reid’s rumpled suit and carefully studied our identification. Qin Lee had done a first-rate job: the ID cards were as good as the real things. The director hesitated. ‘I take it you have obtained the appropriate legal document to access the account?’
I reached inside my coat and produced a perfect forgery of a lifting order by the Prosecutor-General, granting Swiss Interpol access to the bank accounts of Professor HE Strauss; I had had Qin Lee fax it through to the hotel last night.
Mueller inspected the paper, nodded and turned to speak to the receptionist briefly. He indicated the lift. ‘After you.’
Seconds later, we stepped out onto the fifth floor. A man stood waiting for us inside the director’s office.
‘This is Gustav Allenbach, our Head of Accounts,’ said Mueller in heavily accented English while he made the introductions. He turned to Allenbach. ‘These gentlemen are from the International Police. They would like some information on one of our clients.’
Allenbach made a copy of the lifting order before opening a laptop on the desk. A few clicks later, he swivelled the screen around for us to look at. ‘I’m afraid there’s not a lot to see. Hubert Strauss opened an account with us two months ago, with an opening balance of two hundred and fifty thousand Euros. He transferred another one hundred thousand Euros into the account four weeks later. No further transactions have been made since then.’
I glanced at Reid with a sinking feeling. It looked like another dead end.
Allenbach frowned as he studied the monitor. ‘I do, however, note that the safety deposit box was accessed by the co-account holder last Friday,’ he added.
‘The safety deposit box?’ I repeated slowly, staring at the man.
‘Yes. It was opened at the same time as the account,’ said Allenbach.
‘Who’s the co-account holder?’ said Reid.
I knew the name before Allenbach said it. ‘Professor AM Godard.’
A light rain was falling over the city when we exited the bank minutes later.
‘Want to check out the university?’ said Reid, hunching his shoulders against the cool autumnal wind that swept down the avenue.
‘Yeah.’
A quick internet search that morning had confirmed that the Functional Genomics Center was on the Irchel campus. We took the tram towards Stettbach and got off in Milchbuck. From there it was a short walk across the park to the university.
A sitemap showed the location of the FGCZ on the first floor of a building to the north of the grounds. The entrance foyer was busy and no one paid us any attention while we headed for the stairs. One flight up, a glass security door appeared in our path.
A couple of students strolled down the steps from the floor above. They glanced at us curiously as we hesitated on the landing.
‘We can’t exactly open this one without being seen,’ Reid muttered, his eyes following the pair disappearing towards the ground floor. He paused and looked around. ‘On the other hand, we could always break the fire glass.’ He indicated the alarm on the wall.
‘Wait,’ I said, touching his arm.
A young woman was approaching the security door from the opposite side. She had a stack of folders in her arms and was reaching distractedly for the access badge at her waist. The door beeped and swung open. We moved silently aside as she crossed the threshold, her head cast down. I took a step towards her. A shocked gasp left her lips and the files fell out of her arms.
‘Oh. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you,’ I murmured apologetically. ‘Here, let me give you a hand.’ I hunched down and helped her gather the scattered folders. She flushed, stammered a quick ‘Thank you’ in Swiss German and hurried down the stairs. I watched her until she disappeared from view.
‘Charming,’ Reid said wryly, the access card he had lifted off her waist dangling from his right hand.
We swiped through the security door and headed down a wide corridor. Twelve feet in, a floor to ceiling glass wall appeared on our left. Beyond it was a laboratory. Several figures sat behind the crowded worktops. At the end of the passage was a door with the nameplate “Godard” affixed to it. It was locked.
Reid had just slipped the lock pick set from his coat when a voice called out behind us. ‘Can I help you?’
I turned and studied the speaker. It was a woman in a white coat. She stood in the doorway to the lab and wore a suspicious frown on an otherwise pretty face. A tall man with blond dreadlocks came up behind her and blinked at us through thick bifocals.
‘We’re looking for Professor Godard.’ I held up the badge and took a few steps towards her.
The woman studied the ID. She seemed unfazed by it. ‘And this is with regards to?’ she said briskly.
‘It’s a rather delicate matter, I’m afraid.’ I paused. ‘We’re investigating the death of a scientist in France, a Professor Hubert Strauss. We believe he was a friend of Professor Godard.’
The woman’s eyes widened slightly at the name. She glanced at the man with the dreadlocks. ‘I’m sorry,’ she murmured after a pause. ‘We haven’t seen or heard from Anna in a fortnight.’ A look of anxiety had replaced the frown. ‘We know she had travelling plans, but she should have been back in the lab this week.’
Unease trickled through my mind at her words. ‘Is this normal behaviour for Professor Godard?’ I said, keeping my tone neutral.
The woman shook her head firmly. ‘No. Anna is very conscientious. This is most unlike her.’ She hesitated. ‘Do you think her absence is linked to the death of that French scientist?’
‘I’m afraid I don’t know,’ I replied truthfully. A rumble rose behind her. My gaze shifted to the man with the dreadlocks.
‘Hmm, I don’t know whether this matters or not, but I just saw her assistant, Helena,’ he muttered.
‘Helena was here?’ the woman gasped in a high-pitched squeak. ‘Why didn’t you tell me?’
The man shrugged and pushed the bifocals further up his nose. ‘I didn’t think it was important,’ he said, flushing slightly.
‘When was this?’ I said.
The shoulders rose again. ‘Not that long ago. Ten, fifteen minutes maybe.’
I frowned. ‘Did she say anything?’
The man shifted awkwardly and glanced at the woman for reassurance. She nodded encouragingly. ‘She mentioned that she was going to meet with someone at the Hauptbahnhof,’ he murmured. ‘She said not to tell anyone she’d been here today.’ The last words came out as a guilty mumble. ‘I think she took something from Anna’s office.’
Unease turned to alarm. ‘What does Helena look like?’ I said urgently.
‘She’s tall, slim, with long blonde hair. She was wearing a cream coat and hat,’ he replied. ‘And she had her green scarf on today.’
We bade our goodbyes and left the building swiftly.
‘You thinking what I’m thinking?’ said Reid as we jogged across the park.
I nodded briskly. ‘She’s probably meeting with Godard.’ We now had a name for the elusive “A”. The house in Riesbach had to belong to her.
It took us twelve minutes to get to the Hauptbahnhof on the tram. The clock face on the station’s stone facade was reading five minutes to noon when we entered the central hall.
The place was packed: visitors and locals milled across the crowded main floor, some browsing the arcade that lined the vast space, whilst others rushed to and from the tall archways that led to the tracks.
We were halfway across the concourse when Reid stopped and indicated the opposite end of the atrium. A blonde woman in a cream camel coat was disappearing into a glass lift. There was a flash of green at her neck when she turned to face the closing doors.
We took the escalator down to the shopping mall beneath the station. When we reached the bottom of the stairs, the woman had already exited the lift and was walking briskly north along a wide passage. We fell into step behind her. Moments later, she paused outside the window of a confectionary shop. After glancing around furtively, she removed a cell phone from her handbag and dialled a number. She waited several seconds before she started to talk.
‘Can you make out what she’s saying?’ I said quietly as we strolled past. Reid could lip-read. It was a skill that had come in handy in many of our past investigations.
‘Not in the language she’s using,’ he murmured after a while.
The woman ended the call. She stood frowning at the phone for several seconds, turned and slowly retraced her steps. We followed her past the lifts to the other side of the shopping mall, where she turned at a junction. Further along the busy concourse, not far from the next intersection, stood a flower shop. She was about twenty feet from it when a figure stepped out slightly from behind a pillar next to the shop. I caught a glimpse of soft, dark curls framing a pair of smoky eyes and felt a sudden tightening in my chest.
The woman in the camel coat lifted a hand and waved. Her steps quickened as she reached inside her bag and removed a short grey flask.
The bullet hit her soundlessly, striking the center of her right temple and causing her head to jerk slightly sideways. She fell to the ground with a soft thud and lay still. A trickle of blood coursed down the side of her face and spilled into her open, unblinking eyes: the flask fell out of her limp fingers and rolled a few inches across the polished floor.
The figure behind the pillar froze. Then a scream left her lips. ‘Helena!’ An elaborate, thick, gold sun cross pendant fell out from the open neck of her black coat when the woman lunged forward. Bullets whined through the air and scored the ground next to her. She darted across the floor, grabbed the metal flask and scurried backwards, a wince distorting her features as she gripped her left shoulder.
Hunters materialized from behind the columns and escalators that punctuated the mall. There were at least fifteen of them, dressed in black suits and armed with guns and swords. They all fired at the woman behind the pillar, raising a cloud of chips and plaster dust from the stonework.
Reid and I started to run. ‘I’ll take the left!’ he shouted, drawing the Glock. I nodded and raced across the concourse, the katana in one hand and the Smith and Wesson in the other. The sound of gunshots echoed to the roof of the shopping mall. Shouts of alarm and panicked screams followed seconds later.
A harsh cry erupted from my right, drowning the background noise. ‘Anna!’
Another figure made its way towards the wounded woman behind the pillar, an ivory headed cane in hand. My eyes widened. It was the old man from the daguerreotype.
A sharp sting suddenly bloomed on my face. I turned and fired at a Hunter next to the stairs on my left. A second later, a volley of shots thudded into the floor next to me. I released the katana, grabbed the Glock 17, skidded to my knees and raised both guns at the immortals on the opposite side of the concourse. Smoke and the sour smell of gunpowder filled the air while empty cartridges clattered to the ground around me.
There was a flash to my right. I ducked, narrowly avoiding the blade aimed at my neck, and let go of the guns. My fingers closed over the katana. Out of the corner of my eyes, I saw the Hunter’s sword swing downwards. I rolled, my heart thudding against my ribs. The tip of the blade struck the ground next to my ear, raising sparks from the floor.
I leapt to my feet. The immortal who faced me paused and frowned, the sword raised above his head. ‘The half-breed,’ he hissed, recognition dawning in his narrowed eyes.
I felt my pulse slow down. My lips parted in a grim smile. I moved.
Seconds after I delivered the killing blow, something struck my left leg. A bullet had grazed my thigh. I sheathed the katana and grabbed the guns from the floor.
‘Hey, I’m running out of ammo!’ Reid called out urgently somewhere to my left.
I threw a couple of magazines across the floor towards him, turned and raced past the flower shop. By the time I skidded to a stop behind the next stone pillar, the woman and the old man had disappeared. I looked around wildly and spotted them thirty feet from where I stood; they were making their way swiftly across the concourse. A series of flashes erupted on the ground behind them.
‘Get down!’ I shouted. They ducked as more bullets thudded into the polished floor. I spotted the Hunter on the other side of the hall, took aim and fired. The man fell soundlessly against a wall. ‘Now go!’
The pair straightened and started to run, the old man glancing over his shoulder. His eyes widened when he saw me. He froze in his tracks and twisted around. ‘Lucas?’ he said hoarsely. The figure next to him turned. I saw her face fully for the first time.
Even though pain clouded her features, there was no mistaking her: she was the woman from the black and white photograph on Burnstein’s computer. I stared at them, tension and that strange feeling of recognition coursing through my veins while I slowly closed the distance between us. ‘Do I know you?’ I said harshly.
The old man started to say something. Just then, more Hunters appeared from around the mall. Bullets whipped through the air once more. The gunfire drowned out his words.
The pair turned and ran towards the escalators leading to the upper level. I followed on their heels, laying down cover while they raced up the rolling steps through the mass of people swarming towards the exit. At the top of the stairs, daylight framed the doorway to a bustling street outside the station. They rushed through the opening and rapidly merged into the teeming crowd. I swore and shouted a warning as I raced for the exit. Seconds later, I emerged onto the thronged pavement.
The whine of an engine rose from the right. I turned and saw a black 4x4 pull out of a parking space. It crossed the heavy traffic and headed for the old man and the wounded woman running down the road.
Instinct took over. Dodging through the swarm of bodies, I ran across the sidewalk, slid over the hood of a passing car, landed on my feet in the middle of the asphalt and raised both guns. A clang of bells erupted behind me. I glanced over my shoulder. My eyes widened.
I caught a glimpse of rising panic in the eyes of the driver of the tram heading inexorably towards me and dove over the safety barrier on my right. A grunt left my lips as my hip struck the metal rail.
The 4x4 flew past me, mounted the pavement and turned right into the ‘No Entry’ zone on the Bahnhofstrasse, on the heels of the old man and woman. The crowd on the busy strip scattered, panicked shouts rising towards the sunny skies.
Bullets suddenly shattered the rear window of the vehicle and drew sparks from its bumper. It swerved sharply, its wing mirror grazing a lamp post. I looked around: Reid had emerged from another escalator and was racing after the 4x4, gun in hand. I leapt over the handrail, ran across the road and kept pace with him along the opposite pavement, blood pounding in my ears and my breaths coming in short, sharp bursts.
The running pair abruptly dove out from the pavement and narrowly missed the front bumper of the 4x4 as it weaved towards them. Another engine suddenly gunned into life behind me. I turned. My eyes widened.
A second SUV was racing up the packed avenue towards the couple. Tinted windows wound down and a pair of black clad figures leaned out of the vehicle. Muzzles glinted in the sunlight.
I felt time slow down. I skidded to a stop, leapt over a bench, rolled in the middle of the road, and rose to my feet. I dropped the Glock and lifted the Smith and Wesson in my right hand. Bullets whizzed past my head and shoulders as the Hunters fired. I closed the fingers of my left hand over the Smith and Wesson, squinted, aimed and squeezed the trigger twice.
The front right tire of the SUV blew out. The vehicle veered wildly in a squeal of burning rubber and flipped. A gasp left my lips. I threw myself to the ground. A heartbeat later, the dark shadow of the truck passed inches above me before crashing onto the asphalt several feet away. It slid on its roof in a shower of sparks and finally ground to a halt against a lamp post. I climbed to my feet, turned and rocked back on my heels as a hot gust of compressed air blasted down the avenue. The ground shook beneath me. I stumbled and leaned against the bench.
One of Reid’s bullets had pierced the petrol tank of the first 4x4. I ignored the burning wreck in the middle of the Bahnhofstrasse and scanned the crowds through the blood dripping past my eyes. I saw no signs of the old man or the woman.
There was movement beside me.
‘Whoa,’ said Reid. He stared into the muzzle of the Smith and Wesson, his hands raised defensively.
I slowly lowered the gun and fought to control the tremor in my hands.
‘I think we got most of them,’ Reid muttered, holstering the Glock. ‘On the other hand, seeing as we’re dealing with immortals here, they will likely start to pop back up like daisies in the next few minutes,’ he added with a grimace. Sirens rose in the distance. ‘What say we get the hell out of here?’
I was barely listening as I turned and stared in the direction of the train station. I started to run.
‘Hey, where’re you going?’ Reid shouted behind me.
Seconds later, I entered the main hall of the Hauptbahnhof and darted through the crowds towards the main tracks.
I found them boarding a train on the last platform. It was pulling away when I reached it. ‘Stop!’ I yelled and banged on a window.
The old man turned at the sound. His eyes visibly widened. He approached the side of the carriage and pushed the window open. ‘Don’t follow us!’ he ordered harshly.
I heard Reid call out behind me, stumbled and almost lost my footing. ‘Why are the Hunters after you?’ I shouted between gasps, struggling to keep pace with the moving train.
The old man did not reply immediately. I raced along the platform, the gap separating us widening by the second. ‘Please, for your own good, don’t come after us,’ he said finally, his words almost inaudible above the noise from the tracks. ‘I could not bear to lose both of you.’ For a second, his blue eyes glistened brightly in the light filtering through the glass atrium overhead. Then, he was gone.





Chapter Nine


Reid and I left the chaos at the Hauptbahnhof and headed swiftly back towards the Limmat Quai. The sound of sirens filled the air in the distance behind us. Several emergency vehicles raced past on the Bahnhofstrasse, flashing lights reflected in the shop windows.
The hotel receptionist’s eyes widened slightly when we entered the lobby a short time later: although I had done my best to clean the blood on my face, there was no masking the dirt stains on our suits. Our room was as we had left it. After dressing the wound on my leg and the graze on my forehead, we changed back into our clothes and checked out.
‘The cops won’t be far behind,’ Reid warned as we drove off. ‘There were CCTV cameras all over that place.’ I remained silent while I pulled into the heavy traffic: I could feel his gaze on my face. ‘So, you wanna tell me what that was about back there?’ he said finally.
I stared ahead. ‘The old man at the station was an immortal. I think he’s a Bastian.’
Reid’s eyes widened. ‘And you know this how?’ I reached inside my coat and handed him the daguerreotype. He studied the photograph for several seconds. ‘You mean he’s the one in the picture?’ he said skeptically.
‘Yes.’
A frown dawned on Reid’s face. ‘He looked like he knew you,’ he said slowly. ‘Have you two met before?’
‘No.’ I hesitated. ‘Most of the immortals who know of me are Hunters.’
Reid mulled this over for a while. ‘You think he’s one of them?’
I recalled the tears in the stranger’s eyes. ‘I honestly don’t know,’ I answered truthfully.
‘What about the woman?’ he added after a pause.
I glanced at him. ‘I think she’s the little girl in the picture,’ I said quietly.
Silence followed. ‘Which would make her an immortal as well,’ Reid stated evenly. ‘Does this mean that Strauss was also an immortal, or at least aware of their existence?’ His frown deepened. ‘The Crovir Hunters are after you and this woman. Where’s the link?’
I shrugged tiredly. The same questions had been going round in my head for the last half hour. I was still nowhere near grasping the possible answers.
Reid looked up from the daguerreotype and gazed out of the window. ‘Where’re we going now, anyway?’
‘Vienna,’ I replied. A hush fell inside the car. ‘That’s where the train was heading,’ I explained at his mute stare.
‘What makes you think they’ll be there?’ said Reid skeptically. ‘They could have gotten off anywhere.’
‘There’s a large population of immortals in Vienna. It’s got safe houses where they could hide.’
Reid studied me for several seconds before pulling a packet of cigarettes out of his pocket. ‘All right, Vienna it is then,’ he muttered under his breath and struck a match.
‘Look at it this way. It’s been a while since we’ve been on a road trip,’ I said. He looked less than impressed with this statement.
We drove east along the Alps, past Munich and Salzburg, and reached our destination in the late evening.
Pronounced Wien in German, Vienna is one of the oldest cities in Europe and has been a popular settlement for immortals since Roman times, when it used to guard the frontier of the Empire against the Germanic tribes of northern Europe. It was the capital of the Holy Roman realm in the fifteenth century, and in recent years became famous for being a center of international espionage when it was occupied by the Allies following the end of the Second World War.
I had only been to Vienna once before. Unfortunately, my visit coincided with the Ottoman Empire’s second attempt to capture the city in sixteen eighty-three, which eventually ended with the Battle of Vienna after a siege that lasted two months. It was there that I first learned how to use a pistol and suffered two of my deaths in somewhat gruesome fashions. Despite its breathtaking beauty, the place still held unpleasant memories for me.
We checked into a rundown inn in Landstrasse under our fake passports and caught up with international news in a small internet cafe around the corner. The Hauptbahnhof gunfight had already made the headlines.
‘Following the incident at the main railway station in Zurich today, which resulted in two deaths and several minor injuries, the City Police are searching for two male suspects in their late thirties to early forties who left the scene shortly after the disturbance,’ said the evening newscaster. ‘One of the victims, a female in her late twenties, has been named as Helena Baschtanhaus, a research assistant at the FGCZ, the Functional Genomics Center of the University of Zurich. Miss Baschtanhaus was killed by a single bullet wound to the head. The local police and Interpol are currently studying CCTV images from the station and from around the city close to the time of the incident. Thus far, there have been no official comments made on rumours that this event may be linked to yesterday’s brutal attack on innocent students at the CNRS campus in Gif-sur-Yvette, in France.’ The screen filled with a grainy video clip of the inside of the Hauptbahnhof. ‘Another aspect of today’s incident that is said to be baffling all involved in this investigation is the collection of images captured by the public on their camera phones. These show several men who had fallen after apparently suffering multiple fatal gunshot wounds rise again minutes later and walk out of the station. One source suggests that the men may have been wearing bulletproof vests, although this theory does nothing to explain the amount of blood found at the scene. And lastly, to add even more mystery to this already puzzling affair, a flock of crows seemed to have invaded the Hauptbahnhof minutes following the incident and disappeared just as rapidly moments later.’
‘They don’t seem to care that they’ve been caught on camera,’ said Reid after a while. ‘Are immortals really that much above the law?’
‘Yes, they are.’ I lapsed into silence, afraid that my words would betray my emotions.
Reid seemed to sense my smouldering anger nonetheless. ‘You can’t undo what’s been done,’ he said quietly. ‘Let’s just try and get to the bottom of this thing before those bastards kill any more people.’
Moments later, we took the rapid transit metro into the city and got off at Schwedenplatz.
The plaza was abuzz with light and noise, the street lamps and illumination from the nearby bars and restaurants casting a bright glow on the water of the Danube nearby. Parties of revellers and office workers strolled along the pier, their voices loud in the cool night air.
I crossed the busy square and led Reid down a narrow, nondescript side street. We turned into an even smaller passageway several hundred feet from the canal’s edge. The upper tiers of the buildings on either side crowded over the dark alley, adding to the claustrophobic feel.
Halfway along the street stood one of the oldest pubs in the city. I stopped outside and stared at the oak sign above the low lintel: bar a lick of paint, it had not changed much in the last three hundred years. The hubbub of conversation inside ground to a halt when I pushed open the thick, iron plated door and stepped across the threshold.
Soft lighting painted the interior walls of the tavern in muted shadows. Behind the bar, a walrus of a man stood polishing glasses while talking softly to a pair of wizened figures hunched on low wooden stools. Through the smoke that wreathed the air and hovered in a yellow haze just below the low ceiling, dozens of pairs of eyes watched us intently.
‘Are they always this friendly?’ Reid muttered behind me as we crossed the floor to a small corner table. The low murmur of conversation started again.
‘Well, last time I was here they used to shoot first and ask questions later, so I guess it’s an improvement,’ I said wryly.
A young woman came over to take our order. ‘What will it be?’ she drawled in a bored voice, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear.
‘Two Stiegl, please,’ I said with a smile. The level of noise dropped fractionally so that my next words almost echoed across the room. ‘The original beer.’
The woman’s eyes narrowed at my words. ‘The original Stiegl? I’m afraid it’s no longer in production,’ she said with a disparaging sniff.
‘Really?’ My smile widened. ‘Strange. I happen to know that the owner of this bar can still get his hands on them. An old stock of some sort?’
Tense silence had fallen over the tavern. Reid shifted uneasily in his seat and placed his hand carefully on his leg, inches from the Glock. The waitress had just opened her mouth for what was likely going to be a sharp riposte, when a shadow suddenly loomed over us. I looked up into the large, bearded face of the bartender.
‘It’s okay, Maria,’ he said in heavily accented English. He waited until the disgruntled young woman left before turning to us with a grin. Several gold teeth glinted in the gloom. ‘May I help you, gentlemen?’
I studied the bartender carefully while the hubbub of conversation gradually resumed around us. ‘Like I said to the lady, we would like two bottles of the original Stiegl.’
The grin did not shift from the large man’s face. ‘I’m afraid that beer is no longer in production, sir.’
Although his tone remained pleasant, I detected the hint of wariness in his gaze. I stared at him steadily. ‘That’s strange.’
‘Oh. And what is it that you find strange, sir?’ said the bartender politely.
‘Well, I recall a substantial collection of the stuff hidden in your cellar in sixteen eighty-three.’ I paused. ‘I believe even Commander Starhemberg knew of it.’
Count Ernst Rüdiger von Starhemberg was the army commander who held Vienna with a garrison of several thousand men against the much larger and more heavily armed Ottoman army during the famous siege. In acknowledgement of his accomplishments in saving the imperial capital, Leopold I, the Holy Roman Emperor at the time, promoted him to field marshal and made him a Minister of State.
The bartender’s eyebrows rose by a generous fraction at the mention of the commander’s name. ‘You’re an immortal?’ he said after a short silence.
I nodded mutely. The bartender glanced at Reid. ‘He’s not,’ he stated, matter-of-fact.
‘It’s the eyes, isn’t it?’ murmured Reid. ‘There’s something about the eyes.’
The bartender grinned. ‘Oktav Grun, at your service.’ He offered his hand. I shook it and stifled a wince at his bear-like grip. ‘We don’t often see new immortals around here,’ he continued in the same light-hearted tone. ‘Why, this place is normally only full of old schlingels.’
‘Rogues,’ I translated at Reid’s puzzled frown. There were a few raucous laughs from the shadows around the tavern.
‘Maria, bring us three bottles of Stiegl!’ the bartender barked over his shoulder. He grabbed a chair from a nearby table and dragged it across the floor to ours. ‘So, you were here during the Ottoman siege?’ he said, sitting down heavily. The wood creaked in protest beneath his bulky frame.
‘Yes, I was,’ I replied with a faint smile.
Oktav nodded wisely. ‘Those were tough times.’ He rolled up the sleeve on his left arm and showed us a faint jagged scar that ran almost all the way around his biceps. ‘That was from a Turkish sabre. And this,’ he extended one leg, ‘was from the sappers during the first siege.’ The Turkish soldiers had dug extensive tunnels under the city’s walls during the Ottoman siege. These underground passages had then been filled with gunpowder mines and detonated in an attempt to destroy the extensive fortifications that had surrounded Vienna at the time.
I stared at the shallow indentation in the bartender’s calf. ‘You were here during both sieges?’ The Ottoman Empire’s first attempt to capture the imperial Roman capital took place in 1529, well before my birth: it lasted less than a month and subsequently became known as the Siege of Vienna.
‘For my sins,’ said the bartender with a hearty laugh.
The beers arrived. I took a careful sip of the cool liquid and closed my eyes briefly: the strong taste brought back old, long buried memories, not all of them bad. The faces of dead friends rose in my mind.
‘This is good,’ said Reid. He sounded faintly surprised.
Oktav laughed. ‘Better make the most of it. Mortals rarely get to savour this.’
The minutes ticked by slowly while Grun and I reminisced about events during the siege. Despite the bartender’s subtle questioning, I remained vague about my origins and my whereabouts following the battle. Finally, Grun leaned back in his seat and studied us thoughtfully.
‘I have a feeling you’re not just tourists passing through, my friends,’ the bartender said gruffly.
I glanced at Reid. ‘You’re right,’ I murmured.
A frown dawned on Grun’s face. ‘Why are you here, really?’
I removed the daguerreotype from my coat and carefully pushed it across the table. ‘Do you know this man?’
Grun stared at the faded picture for several seconds. ‘No,’ he finally retorted dully. He pushed the frame back towards me, his face shuttered.
‘He’s a Bastian immortal. I believe he’s in Vienna tonight,’ I said in a low voice. The bartender’s expression remained unchanged. If anything, it became even more unreadable. ‘There are Crovir Hunters after him and his companion.’ I paused. ‘I suspect he will be seeking shelter with his friends in the city.’
The chair rocked on its back legs as the bartender rose from his seat. ‘I think you should leave,’ he said coldly.
‘Look, we’re only trying to help,’ said Reid.
Tense silence followed. Grun frowned. ‘You don’t act like Hunters.’ He hesitated. ‘On the other hand, I don’t quite know what you are.’ He indicated the door. ‘I’m afraid I really do have to insist that you leave.’
We exited the tavern under the bartender’s hooded gaze and paused in the street outside.
‘He knows something,’ said Reid.
‘Yes, he does,’ I murmured.
‘What d’you wanna do?’
I studied the narrow lane. My gaze landed on a building hidden in the shadows some fifty feet away. Faint light shone through the thick lead windows. ‘Fancy some coffee?’
The cafe was small and rundown but proved an ideal place to watch the tavern from. At three in the morning, the last patrons finally left the bar. Grun stood on the threshold of the building and studied the street carefully before locking the front door. Lights came on behind the windows on the first floor. A shadow moved across the glass. Moments later, the lights went off and darkness shrouded the tavern. We waited for ten minutes.
The front door remained resolutely closed.
‘Is there an exit at the back?’ said Reid after a while.
‘Yes, but it only leads to an enclosed yard.’ I frowned while I carefully scanned the frontage, and almost missed the ghostly glow behind the small cellar window inches above the sidewalk. My eyes widened. ‘Damn!’ I hastily threw some coins on the table and raced out of the cafe. Reid followed on my heels.
‘What is it?’ he said harshly, coming to a halt at my side.
I squatted on the pavement outside the tavern and stared at the narrow, dark aperture below the ancient building. ‘I forgot about the underground passages,’ I replied, silently cursing my immortal mind. I closed my eyes briefly while I sifted through old memories. Seconds later, I rose and started to run towards the canal.
Reid was a few yards behind me as I climbed down the embankment. A hundred feet along the waterway, I skidded to a stop in front of a vertical grill in the wall. His eyebrows rose when he stopped beside me. ‘Isn’t this the sewers?’
‘Yes. It’s also one of the ways into the tunnels.’ I studied the bars carefully before grabbing a rectangular section of the grill. I pulled on it sharply. It came away in my hands. ‘This passage has been here since before the Ottoman siege. I’ve had to use it on a few occasions.’ I hesitated for a heartbeat before stepping inside the hole.
Reid came through the opening after me. ‘You’ve led a charming life, haven’t you?’ he muttered as water squelched beneath our feet. Several yards in, we were engulfed in darkness. There was a soft rustle behind me while Reid reached inside his coat and pulled out the pen torch. The narrow beam barely cut through the greasy gloom around us.
Deep beneath the cobble and paving stones of Vienna lay an extensive and intricate labyrinth of tunnels, halls, crypts, and cellars that had been in existence since before the late Middle Ages; some had probably even been there from the time the original Roman fortress of Vindobona stood on the site. In more recent history, parts of this underground city had been used as bunkers by the Germans during the Second World War.
The last time I was down here, the Turks had been trying to blow up the walls around Vienna.
The temperature dropped dramatically the deeper we went inside the tunnels and the water gradually subsided. Moments later, I paused at the entrance of a side passage. ‘I think this leads to the cellar under the tavern,’ I said hesitantly. ‘If so, Grun would have come this way.’ Reid directed the torch downwards. There were faint, fresh black scuff marks on the dry stone floor.
Grun moved surprisingly swiftly for a large man: it was another ten minutes before we caught up with him. By then, we had reached the catacombs of St. Stephen’s Cathedral.
Room after room stacked with bones and grinning skulls unrolled around us. We passed through crypts and vaults, where well preserved dusty caskets sat on low stone sepulchres. Though cool, the air was dry, courtesy of the ventilation shafts that had been built to create the steady underground climate necessary to preserve the ancient remains of those buried beneath the city.
A faint orange glow ahead finally alerted us to the presence of the bartender. We turned a corner and glimpsed the figure of the man outlined by the light of the flame torch he held in one hand. Reid directed the pen torch towards the floor and cupped the end in his palm to mask the beam.
Grun unlocked a grille door at the end of a corridor, closed it behind him and started down a flight of stairs. We waited until the sound of his footsteps had faded in the distance before approaching the door. After studying the keyhole for a moment, Reid inserted a fine pin inside it. Seconds later, there was a faint click.
Beyond the doorway, narrow stone steps spiralled downwards into darkness. They ended two floors below, where they opened onto a passage that gradually widened out. We followed it and soon arrived a junction. A thin stream of water coursed along the shallow grooves in the floor in front of us. Beyond it, the tunnel branched out into three corridors. I glimpsed a pale light fading around a corner at the end of the passage on the far right. We headed in that direction.
The tunnel twisted and split again several times. More locked grilles appeared in our path. Had it not been for the fresh tracks in the dirt and mud on the floor, we would have lost Grun’s trail.
The footprints finally ended in front of a solid, iron-plated oak door. There was a faded, double-headed eagle crest engraved on the wall next to it.
I lifted a hand and traced the shape slowly with my fingertips, my heart sinking at the significance of the symbol.
‘What is it?’ said Reid.
I was silent for some time. ‘This is the coat of arms of the House of Habsburg,’ I finally murmured.
Reid’s eyebrows rose slightly. ‘And?’
‘I think we’re under the Hofburg Palace,’ I said grimly.
Reid frowned. ‘Judging from your expression, I take it that’s a bad thing?’
‘The Hofburg is the official residence of the President of Austria,’ I replied.
‘Ah,’ said Reid. A glum look dawned on his face. ‘That’s definitely bad.’





Chapter Ten


Reid tried several lock pins in the keyhole of the oak door. There was a soft, undeniable click after the fifth attempt. He pulled on the handle. The door refused to budge. He frowned. ‘There must be a bolt on the other side.’
I looked down the passage to the right. ‘Let’s keep going.’
A hundred feet later, another door appeared in the stone wall. There was no lock on this one. The wooden bar behind it gave away after a few kicks.
‘You know, that’s going to be a bit hard to explain if we come across any guards,’ said Reid darkly as he followed me across the threshold.
‘Trust me, it’ll be the least of our problems if we meet any.’ I studied the room we had entered. The ceiling was higher than the tunnel outside. The chamber itself was a narrow rectangular cell with four bare stone walls and no other apparent exits. I walked to the other side of the room and started to feel gently along the granite blocks.
‘What’re you doing?’ said Reid curiously.
‘Checking for a hidden door,’ I murmured.
He stared at me incredulously. ‘Honestly?’
I shrugged. ‘Old buildings like this one always have hidden doors.’
A sigh left his lips before he joined me. ‘I feel like I’m in a bad spy movie,’ he said under his breath.
It took a couple of minutes to find the subtle oval depression in the stonework. I paused, pressed my fingers against it and stood back. A section of the wall swung inwards with a low grinding noise.
Reid’s eyebrows rose. ‘Well, what do you know?’
The opening revealed was just wide enough for one person to squeeze through at a time, which was the way it had been designed: the cell was a safe room in which the nobles who lived in the palace could hide if enemies ever attacked the place. On the other side of it lay another corridor.
Grun’s footprints had all but faded on the dry stone floor. We followed the faint tracks and came to an empty chamber. Fresh cigarette butts littered the ground and a camping gas stove stood in a corner next to a kettle and three tin mugs. There were more footprints in the dust. We carried on down another passage, crossed a further two rooms and finally reached another door. A dull yellow light flickered through the narrow gap at the bottom: the low rumble of conversation drifted through the thick wood from the space beyond.
I glanced at Reid. He nodded, drew the Glock and stood to the side of the door. I stepped back, raised my leg and kicked sharply at the lock. It gave way immediately.
In the chamber on the other side, Oktav Grun turned and stared at me, open-mouthed. Two of the three men seated at the table in the middle of the floor rose and reached inside their coats.
I felt Reid move behind me. ‘I wouldn’t if I were you,’ he said warningly. The tip of the Glock appeared next to my left ear as he aimed the gun levelly at the room’s other occupants.
I glanced at the mattresses and camping gear against the wall on the right, before directing a steady stare at Grun. ‘Where are they?’
The bartender frowned. ‘How the devil did you find me?’ he said harshly.
My eyes narrowed: I had just noticed the door in the rear wall. ‘You’re not the only immortal who’s used these tunnels,’ I replied curtly.
The third figure sitting at the table finally stirred. ‘Oktav, who are these people?’ he said calmly.
I studied the middle-aged man who had spoken. Piercing dark eyes dominated his slim and rugged features. He sported a trim beard and a moustache, both of which bore an elegant sprinkle of grey, and wore a dark blue suit with a grey shirt. His tone, though slightly accented, was old school aristocracy.
‘My name is Lucas Soul. I’m looking for a man and a woman who arrived in Vienna by train tonight.’ Something flickered in the other man’s eyes. I paused. ‘The Crovirs tried to kill them at the Hauptbahnhof in Zurich earlier today.’
Tense silence followed.
‘Look, we just want to talk to them,’ said Reid. He lowered the Glock. ‘They may be able to tell us why the Crovir Hunters are trying to kill him again.’ He cocked his head towards me.
The man with the beard stared at me, his eyes narrowing. ‘The Crovirs are after you?’ he said stiffly.
‘Yes,’ I replied steadily. From his tone and his words, I concluded that he was also a Bastian immortal.
He exchanged a silent glance with Grun and the two bodyguards hovering next to him. There was a long pause. Finally, he sighed and rubbed a hand tiredly across his face. ‘I’m sorry. I wish I could help, but I’m sure Tomas wouldn’t want me to get you involved in this matter any further,’ he murmured.
I frowned at the unfamiliar name. ‘Tomas?’
A sad smile flitted across the older man’s face. ‘I’ve already said too much.’ He rose wearily from his seat. ‘I’m afraid I must ask you to leave.’
‘Hang on a minute—’ started Reid.
The sound of gunshots suddenly rose in the distance, faint but unmistakable. For a moment, we all stood frozen.
‘Verdammt!’ swore the bearded man in German. ‘How the devil did they find us?!’ He pulled a Beretta 92 from a holster under his arm and strode towards the door at the back of the room. His bodyguards drew identical semi-automatic pistols from inside their coats and fell into step behind him. ‘Oktav, warn the others,’ he said harshly over his shoulder. He hesitated and glanced at us. ‘You two, come with me.’
Grun frowned. ‘Victor—’ he started to say.
The bearded man glared at him. ‘I know you want to fight. But right now the safety of our other friends is paramount!’
The bartender hesitated before nodding grudgingly. Reid and I left him standing forlornly by the table and followed the three men out of the room. Beyond it was a maze of underground cellars and tunnels lit by flickering flame torches. Our shadows danced wildly on the walls as we raced towards the noise of further gunfire.
Minutes later, we emerged under a bridge somewhere below the streets of the city. Lights from an overpass cast a muted glow across the canal on either side of where we stood. In the sky beyond it, stars shone faintly next to a crescent moon. I breathed the fresh night air gratefully and looked around.
A hundred feet to the right, a group of dark-clad men chased silently after five figures. Muzzles flashed in the darkness. The gun blasts echoed around the stone walls of the water duct.
We were already running when two of the figures being pursued fell. The men at the rear of the chasing pack turned at the sound of our footsteps. Gunshots erupted around me as Reid and the three immortals engaged the Crovir Hunters.
I left my guns in their holsters and pulled the daisho from its twin sheaths.
The katana hissed through the air, moonlight glinting on the edge of the metal. Two immortals fell beneath the blade. A third one pulled a German longsword from beneath his coat and turned to face me.
The man was good, but nowhere near as good as Haus had been. Seconds later, I pulled the bloodied katana from his still figure. A scream rose somewhere ahead. My head snapped up.
The man from the daguerreotype had fallen to his knees: he bent over with a faint groan and clutched at his side.
‘Grandfather!’ shouted the woman I now knew as Anna. She ran back towards the old man, her eyes wide with fear and her cheeks gleaming with tears, and wrapped an arm awkwardly under his shoulders. They struggled upright and started to run.
Thirty feet behind, two Crovir Hunters closed in silently on them. I felt my heart stutter in my chest.
‘Go!’ yelled the man called Victor to my right. ‘We’ll cover you!’
I raced towards the running figures, my feet splashing in the bloodstained water. Bullets thudded into the Crovirs who tried to block my path. Black clad bodies fell around me. My gaze stayed focused on the retreating backs of the wounded man and woman, my heartbeat matching my steps.
The pair had just entered the shadow of another bridge when they stumbled and fell to their knees next to a stone buttress. One of the Crovir Hunters in pursuit raised a gun and aimed it at the old man’s back. My eyes narrowed. I dropped the wakizashi, drew the Smith and Wesson and fired. The immortal cursed, the weapon dropping from his wounded hand. A second later, I swung the katana and caught him across the arm.
The second Hunter turned, pistol in hand. Out of the corner of my eyes, I saw Anna look around wildly. She grabbed a piece of driftwood from the ground and hurled it with a cry. It struck the immortal on the shoulder just as he fired. The bullet hissed past my ear. The Hunter blinked, took aim again and suddenly froze. His eyes widened in surprise as he looked down slowly at the blade in his chest. I pulled the katana out. He fell backwards with a dull thud.
‘Look out!’ shouted Anna.
There was movement behind me. I turned.
The other Hunter was back on his feet, gun in hand. Blood dripped down his wounded arm as he took aim.
The first bullet grazed my left cheek. I was already running towards the stone pillar of the buttress when the second and third bullets left the barrel of the gun, missing me by inches. I leapt, pushed at the wall with one foot, twisted through the air and kicked the weapon out of the immortal’s hand. He staggered backwards and went to reach for a gun in his ankle holster.
A soft grunt left his lips as the bloodstained katana slashed across his neck. He dropped to his knees, his fingers clutching at the crimson jet spurting from the fatal wound at his throat, before collapsing to the ground.
I stabbed the sword savagely into his chest and stood there breathlessly, blood pounding in my ears. There was a noise behind me. ‘Help me,’ said Anna softly.
I removed the katana from the Hunter’s body and walked to the fallen pair. Together, Anna and I lifted the old man under his shoulders and carried him towards a flight of stone steps at the side of the bridge. His eyes blinked opened when we propped him against the canal wall. He gazed at me blearily. ‘Lucas?’ he murmured hoarsely.
I hesitated. An eerie feeling of familiarity stole over me again as I studied the older man’s face. ‘Yes.’
His eyes widened. ‘What are you doing here?’ He struggled upright and winced.
‘Don’t!’ said Anna sharply. She pressed her hands against the wound in his flank, a slight grimace crossing her face as she favoured her right arm. Blood seeped between her slim fingers where they lay on the old man’s clothes.
Above the musty odour of mould that coated the banks of the canal and the rank smell from the thin line of water that coursed along its floor, I detected the faint scent of oranges drifting from her hair. It was too dark to see the colour of her eyes.
‘I’ve been looking for you,’ I said, glancing from her to the injured man.
A grunt of pain left the latter’s lips. ‘I told you not to follow us,’ he said harshly.
I looked at him steadily. ‘The Crovirs are after me.’ I paused. ‘I think it has something to do with you.’ My gaze shifted briefly to Anna.
The old man seemed to freeze. He stared at me for silent seconds, a horrified expression dawning on his face. My eyes widened when a stream of colourful Czech suddenly left his mouth. ‘Damn that Vellacrus woman!’ he hissed at the end.
Footsteps sounded behind us. I stood up swiftly, my fingers curling around the handle of the katana.
Victor and his men rounded the corner of the buttress. Reid followed a few paces behind. He stopped, handed me the wakizashi wordlessly and pointed a finger at my left cheek. I wiped at the trickle of blood coursing down my face.
‘Is everyone all right?’ said Victor with a frown.
‘Grandfather’s hurt,’ Anna replied stiffly. Though a fierce expression shone on her face, I was the only one close enough to see the faint tremor in her hands as she pressed them against the old man’s wound.
‘It’s just a scratch.’ Despite her stern protests, the injured man slowly climbed to his feet.
Victor’s frown deepened. He turned and studied the shadowy canal. ‘We need to get you out of here.’ He pulled a cell from his coat and dialled a number. A short and sharp exchange followed. ‘Help’s on the way,’ he said after he disconnected.
The minutes unfolded slowly while we waited. Despite my best efforts, I found my gaze irrepressibly drawn to Anna. My eyes helplessly traced the contours of her features as I struggled with an emotion I would not put a name to.
By the time a squeal of tires finally rose from the street above and grew closer, the last crows were leaving the canal and disappearing into the sky. One of Victor’s bodyguards stepped out of the shadow of the bridge and stared upwards. ‘It’s Oktav,’ he said gruffly.
Victor straightened from where he leaned against the canal wall. ‘Let’s get you up these steps,’ he said to the old man and placed one arm around his waist. With Anna supporting her grandfather on the other side, they started up the stairs.
‘I can walk, you know,’ the wounded man protested feebly halfway up the stone steps. Blood had soaked into the waistband of his trousers and sweat beaded his pale face.
A sigh of exasperation left Victor’s lips. ‘Will you stop being so stubborn?’ He turned to his men and indicated the fallen immortals who had been protecting Anna and her grandfather. ‘Get them.’
At the top of the stairs, a car and a van stood waiting on the road alongside the canal: the doors were open and the engines running.
Grun was behind the wheel of the Volkswagen Transporter. ‘Marcus betrayed us,’ the innkeeper gushed out without preamble. There was a dark light in the large man’s eyes. ‘He killed Josef and Ollana before he got away.’ He paused abruptly and seemed to struggle with his emotions.
Victor stiffened, his eyes going wintry with anger.
Reid and I glanced at each other.
There was a lot more going on here than the immortals’ enduring attempt to kill me and their apparent newfound mission to capture or kill Anna Godard and her grandfather. The Crovirs had attacked the Bastians in an open and fairly vicious manner. My sense of foreboding was growing darker by the hour.
‘And the others?’ Victor finally murmured.
‘They’re heading for one of the hideaways,’ Grun replied.
‘Good.’ Victor’s jaws clenched rhythmically while he watched the unconscious immortals being loaded into the rear of the van. ‘We’ll deal with Marcus later. For now, we have to get Tomas and Anna to a safe house.’ He paused. ‘Send word to the First Council.’ While Grun pulled a cell from his coat and made a call, Victor turned to assist Anna and her grandfather onto a seat inside the van. He looked at Reid and me before indicating the Skoda parked a few feet away. ‘You two, get in the car.’
The larger of Victor’s bodyguards took the front passenger seat of the vehicle while Reid and I climbed in the back. The driver, a man with red hair and a friendly countenance, gave us an amiable nod over his shoulder. ‘Welcome aboard, boys. Please fasten your seat belts ’cause this is gonna be a bumpy ride.’
Seconds later, the vehicles sped off into the night and headed west across the city. I glanced at the skyline above the rooftops while the unfamiliar roads unrolled before us. A lightening edge on the horizon heralded the imminent arrival of dawn.
I gazed blindly out of the window, my mind abuzz with a myriad of questions. Events had taken an unforeseen turn; from what I could gather, Reid and I had stumbled in the middle of a conflict between the Bastians and the Crovirs. Yet, despite the incidents of the last day, I still had no clear idea of how it all fit together, especially what my role in the whole affair was. My eyes shifted to the vehicle ahead. One thing I was certain of: the people inside that van had some of the answers. Anna’s face rose in my mind. Something twisted inside my chest.
We had just driven past a deserted park when a flash of movement to the right caught my eyes. A black Honda Fireblade superbike gunned out of a side street and skidded alongside the Skoda. Another bike appeared seconds later on the left side of the car. The two riders atop each of the sleek machines wore dark helmets and leather biker suits.
‘What the hell—’ the red-haired driver started, frowning at the apparitions.
‘Watch out!’ shouted the bodyguard. The figures riding pillion had pulled semi-automatic guns out of their jackets. They fired at the Skoda.
Reid and I ducked a second before the windows shattered and showered us with shards of glass. The Skoda swerved across the road, our driver cursing viciously under his breath while he attempted to outmanoeuvre our attackers. The roar of the Fireblades’ engines suddenly rose in the night. I raised my head in time to see the bikes disappear after the van ahead of us.
‘Shit!’ said the bodyguard.
I couldn’t agree more. The Crovirs were after Anna Godard again. ‘Go after them!’ I barked tersely.
‘I’m trying,’ the driver replied steadily. He glanced at a side mirror. ‘I think one of the bullets pierced the fuel tank.’
I leaned out of the window and smelled the gasoline at the same time as I spotted the thin, dark liquid trail splashing onto the asphalt behind the car. Something else caught my gaze. I stared at the road. My eyes widened. I turned, lunged across the back of the driver’s seat, grabbed the steering wheel and yanked it sharply to the right.
It was what ultimately saved us. The grey Humvee that had been bearing down on us with its headlights off clipped the rear end of the Skoda and sent the car spinning uncontrollably across the road. The red-haired driver swore as the wheel twisted between his hands. Reid and I braced ourselves against the roof of the vehicle and the headrests of the front seats.
The Skoda crossed the center line and came to a screeching halt facing the other way against the opposite kerb. I glanced over my shoulder, my heart thudding against my ribs. The Humvee was heading straight for the van.
A sudden shout from the bodyguard made me look forward. Thirty feet ahead and closing on us was another Hummer. It did not look like it was intending to stop anytime soon.
The Bastian driver shifted gears and slammed on the accelerator. The tires squealed shrilly while the acrid smell of burning rubber rose around us. The wheels finally gripped the asphalt seconds before impact and the Skoda shot backwards.
Victor’s bodyguard clipped a fresh magazine in his gun, leaned out of the passenger window and fired a volley of shots at the vehicle. A bullet zinged against the Hummer’s side mirror with a flash. Another cracked its windshield slightly. Finally, one thudded into the front right tire, causing it to slow down.
The Bastian driver spun the wheel of the Skoda. The car turned in a sickening lurch until we were facing the right way again. Up ahead, the Fireblades and the grey Humvee were closing in on Grun’s Transporter. Gunfire erupted in the night. Bullets thudded into the rear doors of the van.
The driver of the Skoda frowned and changed gears again. The car lurched forward and accelerated. Seconds later, sharp pings rose from the boot. I turned and looked out of the rear window. The Hummer was back on our tail. Gun muzzles appeared along the sides of the behemoth. Flashes followed.
I lifted the Smith and Wesson and leaned out of the side window. Reid’s Glock echoed the shots from my gun on the opposite side of the car. ‘Aim for the engine!’ I shouted. ‘They’ve got run-flat tires!’
Our next bullets entered the front grille of the Hummer simultaneously. There was a bang from under the hood of the truck and a cloud of smoke suddenly billowed out of the front. It veered across the road, mounted the pavement and crashed into the front facade of a bank. Flames erupted from the engine and licked the underside of the vehicle. An alarm sounded shrilly in the night as we sped away.
Up ahead, the Humvee was a scant few feet behind the van. It accelerated sharply and collided with the rear bumper of the Transporter. The van swung towards the center line. The two Fireblades moved around and tried to overtake it. More bullets thudded into the sides of the Transporter.
‘Hang on!’ said the red-haired driver. He shifted gears once more, accelerated and rear ended the Humvee. The shock jolted us all forward and buckled the hood of the Skoda.
The Humvee barely jerked on its suspensions. It accelerated again.
‘Take out their tires!’ yelled the Bastian driver. ‘Just slow them down, goddammit!’
Victor’s bodyguard grunted and leaned out of the window, gun in hand. Just then, the Humvee’s loading door swung open. We stared into the mouth of a rocket launcher.
‘Oh shit!’ The Bastian driver spun the wheel of the car sharply to the left.
Flames erupted ahead. The first grenade flashed past the hood of the Skoda and detonated on the road behind us. The blast blew the rear window in and showered us with broken glass again. The car shuddered and spun uncontrollably across the asphalt. Its tailgate finally swung around and crashed against a fire hydrant. The engine sputtered and died.
We sat stunned for a couple of seconds. My gaze shifted to the truck a few hundred feet in front of us. It had slowed down. The rocket launcher was being reloaded.
‘Move!’ bellowed Victor’s bodyguard.
The Bastian driver turned the key in the ignition: the car stuttered and stalled. He cursed and twisted the key again frantically. A heartbeat later, the engine sprang into life with a sharp, high-pitched screech. He shifted into reverse and started to pull away from the kerb.
We were too late to avoid the second grenade. At the penultimate moment, gunfire from the Transporter caused the Humvee to swerve slightly. The rocket-propelled bomb spun widely from its intended path and exploded several feet from the front bumper of the Skoda.
The world tilted as we were flung into the air. The car flipped twice, metal crumpling against the asphalt and giving way with a grating noise. The Skoda landed on its roof and skidded two hundred feet across the road in a shower of sparks before finally grinding to a halt on the center line.
Buzzing silence surrounded me. The stench of gasoline was overpowering. I coughed and blinked. My vision blurred. I blinked again and dimly realised that the dark shadow obstructing my left eye was blood trickling from a fresh wound on my scalp. I was lying at an angle against the door. Reid lay heavily against me. He was unconscious. A crimson trail oozed from the gash on his head.
‘Reid,’ I murmured in a dazed voice. Low groans rose from the front of the car. I glanced ahead. Victor’s bodyguard and the driver of the Skoda shifted slowly as consciousness returned. I turned back in time to see Reid’s eyes flutter open. ‘Are you okay?’ I said anxiously, shifting to give him space.
‘I think so,’ Reid grunted and winced. ‘You?’
‘I’ll live.’
‘Oh crap,’ someone murmured dully from the front seat. It was the driver. My eyes widened when I looked past him and saw what he had spotted. Smoke was curling up from the hood of the car. ‘I vote we get the hell out of here now!’ the immortal shouted.
I twisted around and crawled out of the Skoda through the shattered rear window, broken glass and debris cutting into my hands and arms. The others followed behind me. Seconds after we started running, flames ignited the liquid trail to the fuel tank. The resulting blast knocked us all to the ground. We lay stunned for a moment, the heat from the conflagration scorching our backs, before slowly rising to our feet.
The Skoda was a fireball. Pale light filtered down from the skies and illuminated the empty road ahead: the Transporter and its pursuers had disappeared. Sirens blared in the distance behind us. ‘Did they make it?’ I murmured almost to myself.
‘Don’t worry.’ The Bastian driver grinned and wiped blood from his face. ‘Victor Dvorsky is not one to let himself get captured that easily.’ The bodyguard nodded and rubbed the back of his head with a wince. The driver glanced over his shoulder. The sirens were growing close. ‘We better get out of here.’
We started down the road and turned into a side street. Barely fifteen seconds passed before a screech of tires erupted ahead of us: a police car appeared at the next junction and skidded to a stop sideways across the asphalt.
‘Have I mentioned that this is turning out to be a shitty day?’ the driver of the Skoda muttered. Two uniformed officers got out of the vehicle and unholstered their guns. They shouted a warning in German. ‘This way!’ said the red-haired immortal. He turned and headed towards an alley on the left. We ran after him and emerged on a parallel side road moments later. Two police cars sat blocking the exits at either end. The driver frowned. ‘Follow me!’ He dashed across the road and entered another alley.
The sirens that been blasting through the crisp morning air stopped abruptly. Footsteps and shouts broke out behind us. Someone yelled ‘Stop! This is the police!’ in German.
We turned a corner and staggered to a halt. A brick wall loomed in our path. ‘The dumpster!’ The driver pointed at the grey skip to the side. Grunting with effort, we heaved and pushed the heavy metal container across the alley. Seconds later, we were over the top of the wall.
We landed heavily in a dimly lit passage on the other side and started to run. We were twenty feet from the mouth of the alley when a squad car suddenly braked in front of it. We skidded to a stop.
‘That’s not good,’ said Reid.
Scrambling noises and thuds rose behind us as uniformed officers appeared over the wall. ‘Police! I repeat, put your arms behind your head and get down on your knees!’ someone shouted in German, then English.
‘Anybody see a way out of this?’ said Reid.
‘Nope,’ muttered the Bastian driver. Victor’s bodyguard frowned and shook his head slowly.
Frustration gnawed at me. My hands unconsciously balled into fists. I had been so close to Anna Godard and the answers that I sought.
Reid sighed. ‘Oh well. Better do as they say.’
We were rapidly surrounded by a group of uniformed policemen. They pushed us roughly to the ground, slapped cuffs on our wrists and read us our rights before hauling us back onto our knees. A shadow loomed in front of me and a pair of polished shoes appeared before my eyes. I looked up.
‘It’s irony, definitely irony,’ Reid muttered at my side.
‘Mr Soul, Mr Hasley,’ Christophe Lacroix said with a fierce smile. ‘We meet again.’





Chapter Eleven


The Headquarters of the Federal Criminal Police Office, or the Bundeskriminalamt as it was known locally, was located on the Josef-Holaubek Platz, in the Alsergrund district of Vienna. It was close to the banks of the upper Danube Canal and across the road from one of the campuses of the city’s university.
‘That was quite a stunt you guys pulled back there,’ said Lacroix.
I remained silent. We had been booked in and placed in separate interview rooms beyond the secured doors of the station. An Austrian Federal Police investigator stood near the back wall and watched the proceedings with a carefully neutral expression while the Frenchman interrogated me. I suspected there were others behind the glass partition to my right.
Lacroix crossed the floor and took the seat opposite mine. ‘Why don’t we start at the beginning?’ He had taken off his suit jacket and rolled up the sleeves of his crisp white shirt. ‘What do you know about the murder of Professor Strauss?’
I looked at him steadily. ‘Not a lot, I’m afraid,’ I said truthfully.
Lacroix’s eyes narrowed. ‘Would you care to elaborate on that?’
‘We were looking for him, but we never found any traces of his whereabouts.’
He studied me with a frown. ‘Were you at his address in the 11ème arrondissement on Saturday night?’
‘Yes. He wasn’t there at the time.’
The Frenchman stared at me incredulously. ‘So what are you saying? That his body miraculously reappeared in his apartment after you left?’
I suppressed a sigh. ‘I take it your forensic pathologist concluded he had been dead for a few days?’
Lacroix did not reply.
‘You should be able to confirm that we were in the States at the time.’ I rested my elbows on the edge of the table and leaned forward. ‘We did not kill Hubert Strauss,’ I said emphatically. I paused and carefully considered my next words before uttering them. ‘The men who murdered him are still out there.’
‘Are these the same men who allegedly tried to kill you in Boston?’ Lacroix retorted.
I gazed at him for silent seconds. ‘I see you’ve been talking to Detective Meyer,’ I murmured.
Lacroix snorted. ‘Not just him. The FBI in Washington is also quite keen to have a little chat with you and Mr Hasley.’ He glanced at his watch. ‘They should be here in about nine hours.’
I stared at my hands while I struggled to hide my anxiety and anger. Our time was fast running out. Despite the reassurances of Victor’s bodyguard and driver, I had no idea whether Anna Godard had fallen into the hands of the Crovirs. That lack of knowledge left me cold. One thing I was certain of: the Crovirs would come after me again. ‘The people you’re dealing with will not wait that long to intervene,’ I said quietly.
‘Is that a threat?’ said Lacroix.
I looked up. The Frenchman was frowning again. ‘It’s a friendly warning,’ I said evenly.
It was Lacroix’s turn to be silent. ‘What about Gif-sur-Yvette?’ he finally said gruffly.
I sat back in the chair and forced myself to relax. ‘We went there to look for information on Strauss.’
‘And the gunfight?’A hush fell across the room. ‘Why do I get the feeling you’re going to tell me it was those “invisible” men again?’ Lacroix added cynically.
‘You found the trucks?’ I said steadily.
Lacroix’s frown deepened. ‘They were empty.’
‘Well, you did say they were “invisible”,’ I said drily.
The Frenchman glared at me for several seconds before looking at the papers in front of him. ‘You were also involved in the incident at the Hauptbahnhof in Zurich,’ he said abruptly, having evidently decided to switch tactics.
I glanced at the man at the back of the room. ‘That’s not strictly within your jurisdiction now, is it?’
Lacroix opened his mouth to reply. The Austrian officer interrupted him. A murmured exchange followed, during which the word “procedure” was repeated several times in German.
‘It seems we’re still waiting for the Zurich City Police and Swiss Interpol to get here,’ Lacroix finally murmured bitterly while the Austrian investigator gestured to someone behind the glass partition.
The door opened and a couple of uniformed officers appeared to escort me back to my cell. I paused on the threshold of the interview room and looked back at the Frenchman. ‘Like I told your uncle, things are not as they seem,’ I said quietly before I was led out to the prison block.
Ten minutes later, Reid was ushered into the cell opposite mine. ‘Yo,’ he said. There was a fresh dressing on his head. He winced and massaged the back of his neck gingerly.
‘Yo yourself.’ I studied his gaunt expression with a pang of guilt. ‘How’re you holding up?’
Reid grinned weakly. ‘I’ve been worse.’ He patted the pockets of his jacket and sighed. ‘Damn, they took the cigarettes.’ He leaned against the wall and gazed at the ceiling. ‘So, you found out anything interesting?’
‘The FBI’s on their way from DC.’ A wave of weariness suddenly washed over me. I sat down on a bench. ‘You?’
‘They didn’t find any bodies in the Hummer or at the canal,’ Reid replied. ‘They were very interested in the amount of empty shells and blood found at the scenes, though.’
Silence fell in the narrow corridor that separated our cells. ‘The Crovirs will come for us,’ I finally said in a low voice.
Reid’s eyebrows rose. ‘Here?’ he said incredulously. I nodded. He scratched his head and grimaced. ‘You’re right. Considering what they’ve done so far, that wouldn’t surprise me.’
The door at the end of the passage opened. There were sounds of a scuffle. Victor’s bodyguard and the driver of the Skoda came into view. They were pushed roughly inside the cells next to us.
‘Damn Stapos,’ muttered the bodyguard after the officers had left.
‘He means the Austrian State Police,’ I translated at Reid’s puzzled expression. ‘They’re kinda like the local secret service.’ I hesitated while I studied the two immortals closely. ‘It’s about time we got to know your names.’
The bodyguard wiped his bloodied mouth with the back of his hand and moved his lower jaw sideways gingerly. ‘I’m Bruno,’ he muttered gruffly. He winced and indicated the driver. ‘That’s Anatole.’ The red-haired immortal nodded amiably.
‘Reid,’ said my partner from across the way.
‘Lucas,’ I murmured.
‘We know who you are,’ said Bruno. ‘The immortal who can kill other immortals.’
Tense silence followed the bodyguard’s stiff words. ‘Well, he wouldn’t have to if you people just left him alone,’ Reid said with a heavy frown. I remained silent while I tried to gauge the two immortals’ moods. I would need their help if we were to get out of there.
Anatole chuckled. He was grinning at the bodyguard. ‘Give him a break, will you? He could’ve finished you off if he’d wanted to. And, quite frankly, with that shitty attitude of yours, I wouldn’t blame him.’
Bruno grunted and lapsed into silence.
Half an hour later, the door to the cell block opened again. Several armed officers appeared. They were led by the Austrian investigator who had been in the interview room with Lacroix. ‘You are being transferred to the Staatspolizei headquarters,’ the man said stiffly while we were handcuffed and removed from the cells. ‘The orders have just come through.’ The lines around his mouth were strained. He avoided meeting our eyes.
I glanced at Reid. He nodded slightly. This was probably going to be our one and only chance to escape.
We were escorted out of the detention center and marched towards the front of the station. Moments later, I glanced to the right; we had just gone past a secured evidence room and the armoury. Another security door opened ahead of us. We entered the main reception.
A voice from the past greeted me across the floor. ‘Hello, Lucas.’
I stopped and stared at the man who had spoken.
Mikael Olsson had hardly changed in the decade since I had last seen him. Steely grey eyes studied me coolly from beneath a familiar fringe of dark hair. His tall and lanky frame was slightly more muscular than I recalled.
A group of black-clad men stood silently behind him, their eyes calmly studying the space around them.
‘You know this guy?’ murmured Reid.
‘Yes,’ I said, struggling to maintain my composure. ‘That’s Olsson.’
The Austrian investigator was speaking to the sergeant behind the desk when a door slammed open to the far left of the reception. Lacroix stormed out of the passage beyond and marched up to the Austrian officer. ‘What’s going on here? Why are the prisoners being moved?’ he said sharply, glancing at us.
The Austrian investigator’s expression grew shuttered. ‘I have received orders from my superiors,’ he said coldly. ‘These men are to be placed in the custody of the State Police.’
‘Why?’ barked Lacroix. ‘And by whose authority, exactly?’ The Frenchman had gone red in the face.
Olsson took a step forward. ‘I’m afraid that information is on a need to know basis only,’ he said smoothly.
Lacroix turned and studied him from head to toe. ‘Who the hell are you?’
Olsson smiled and held up a badge. ‘Like he said, we are Staatspolizei,’ he drawled.
I stared at Reid. His eyes narrowed. Behind him, Bruno and Anatole caught my glance and tensed. ‘These men are not from the State Police,’ I said loudly. My voice rang across the marble floor. I looked at Lacroix. ‘They are the ones who tried to kill us.’
A strained silence fell across the reception. Frowns appeared on the faces of some of the uniformed Austrian officers.
A low chuckle escaped Olsson’s lips. ‘Come now, these men are desperate. They’re obviously lying.’ The laughter did not quite reach his eyes.
I frowned. The handcuffs at my wrists jangled as I pointed to three of the men behind him. ‘Check their guns. The one on the right should match ballistics from Gif-sur-Yvette. The other two were at the Hauptbahnhof yesterday.’
Olsson scowled. ‘Enough of this nonsense,’ he said icily. ‘We have a letter here from the Federal Ministry of Interior with instructions for you to transfer these men into our custody. Just kindly hand them over.’
It was the wrong tone to take. The Austrian investigator’s eyes narrowed. Lacroix stiffened. ‘What’s the rush?’ said the Frenchman.
A faint smile replaced the frown on Olsson’s face. I tensed and lifted myself slightly on the balls of my feet, ready to move. ‘Oh, there’s no rush,’ the immortal said calmly. He reached inside his coat and pulled out a gun.
I threw myself against Lacroix and carried him to the floor: the bullet from Olsson’s semi-automatic pistol missed him by inches and thudded into the solid oak counter above us. I grabbed the stunned Frenchman’s weapon out of his shoulder holster, twisted and fired a volley of rounds. Olsson grunted and jerked backwards.
I did not wait to see him fall. A second later, I was behind the desk, Lacroix’s gun still gripped firmly in my hands. I was joined by Reid and the two Bastian immortals.
The crack of bullets rose around the reception as the Crovirs and the Austrians started to exchange fire. From elsewhere in the building came distant crashes and the thud of approaching footsteps as other police officers raced towards the noise of the gunfight.
‘We need to get to the evidence room!’ I said urgently. Reid had grabbed a paperclip from the desk and was working his way through our handcuffs. ‘My swords are in there.’
The sergeant behind the reception had been shot in the chest. A young man in uniform cowered under a table next to him; he looked to be about eighteen.
‘If you want to live, give me your gun!’ I ordered harshly in German above the noise of gunfire. The young officer stared at us, petrified. I extended my hand brusquely. He gulped and passed his firearm across with a shaking hand. I grabbed the weapon and tossed it to Reid. ‘On the count of three?’ I said tensely. Reid and the Bastians nodded.
We rose from behind the counter and raced for the security door on our right. I glanced over my shoulder. Several Austrian officers lay dead or wounded on the floor of the reception. The Crovirs had fared better in terms of casualties, although I suspected they wore bulletproof vests under their suits. I gritted my teeth, rage surging afresh through my veins.
Rounds scored the floor behind us. Anatole grunted and staggered slightly. A second before we reached the security door, it slammed open and a dozen officers in combat gear spilled out from the passage beyond. We dropped, flattened ourselves against the wall and slipped inside after the last man had crossed the threshold.
The corridor was blessedly empty. I headed for the evidence room and shot through the security lock on the door.
The katana and the wakizashi were on a shelf in the second aisle. Our guns, holsters and Bruno’s cell were in a box next to them.
‘We could escape through the back,’ the bodyguard muttered as he pocketed the phone. Anatole looked up from tying a piece of cloth he had torn from his sleeve around the bullet wound on his thigh. Blood was already seeping through it.
I frowned. ‘The Crovirs will slaughter everyone in this building if they don’t find us in the next few minutes.’
Reid came back into the room. ‘Armoury door was wide open.’ He threw us a Kevlar vest each and magazines for our guns. ‘And look what else I found.’ He grinned as he held up a couple of Steyr AUG assault rifles.
‘Nice,’ said Bruno. He caught the one that Reid tossed at him.
‘It’s like Christmas come early,’ Anatole said with a weak grin.
I finished loading fresh magazines into my guns and glanced hesitantly from the bodyguard to the driver. ‘Look, there’s no need for all of us to stay. The two of you could—’ I started to say.
Bruno held up a hand. ‘Stop right there. Dvorsky will have our heads if we abandon you now,’ he said gruffly.
Anatole nodded. ‘He’s right. The boss gave us strict orders to look after your sorry asses. Besides, it’s been a while since we’ve seen this much action,’ he said with a shrug. ‘We can’t let you guys have all the fun.’
I returned his smile grimly. ‘Just try and keep up.’
The gunfire was still going strong when we emerged in the reception seconds later. I spotted Lacroix behind a wall to the left. Blood was dripping down the Frenchman’s arm; he had found a gun from somewhere and was shooting at the Crovirs.
Four of them lay on the floor, apparently dead from shots to the head. I knew better.
I left the guns in the holsters on my thighs and drew my swords as I headed towards the fallen men. Behind me, the stutter of the Steyr AUGs filled the room.
Two of the Hunters groaned and sat up slowly. Horrified shouts erupted from the Austrian officers when the pair started to climb to their feet. There was a gasped ‘Nom de Dieu!’ from Lacroix.
By then, I was already halfway across the floor.
The katana hissed through the air with a silken sound. The first Hunter fell again. I twisted and drove the wakizashi into the chest of the second Hunter. He folded silently at my feet, a look of stunned surprise on his face.
‘Lucas!’ Reid shouted. There was movement behind me. I ducked.
The tip of Olsson’s longsword missed my neck by inches. He swore when the katana carved a deep cut on the underside of his arm.
‘I didn’t know you were a swordsman,’ I said steadily as I drew myself upright. Blood dripped from the edges of my blades. I moved and blocked a bullet with the katana.
‘There’re a lot of things you don’t know about me.’ A cynical smile dawned on Olsson’s face.
‘You’re right.’ The sword shuddered in my hands when further bullets struck it. I had to know. ‘Why, Mikael?’ I said quietly.
Olsson hesitated. ‘Because you’re the only one who stands in our way. And because the man who killed my father holds you dear to his heart!’ he hissed and brought his sword around in an arc.
My eyes widened. I broke his move with the daisho, my mind reeling while I struggled to understand the meaning behind his words. Olsson grunted; his knuckles whitened as he pressed down with his sword. Bullets sang through the air and thudded into my left flank. Though they hit the vest, I still gasped at the stinging pain. My knee gave way beneath me. Olsson grinned coldly as I was slowly forced to the floor.
There was a flash at the corner of my vision. I glanced sideways. By the time Olsson turned, he was already too late. Reid levelled the Glock and shot him point-blank in the neck.
The longsword clattered onto the polished floor. Olsson’s eyes widened in shocked surprise as he desperately pressed his hands against the wound at his throat. Blood spurted between his fingers. He collapsed to the floor.
‘Let’s get the hell out of here!’ Bruno shouted by the exit. He held a bleeding Anatole under the shoulders; the Bastian driver had acquired a second gunshot wound to his abdomen.
I looked around the station’s reception. The Crovirs were down. Already, I could hear the sharp calls of crows coming from the rooftop of the building. The Austrian officers still standing stared at us hesitantly, uncertain as to how to proceed. Reid and I stepped towards the exit.
‘Stop!’ Lacroix yelled behind us. A warning shot was fired above our heads.
I paused and turned, struggling to hide my impatience. ‘I suggest you let us leave,’ I said curtly, staring at the Frenchman. ‘They’ll come after us again. If we stay, all of you will die.’
Lacroix studied me with a frown. Blood oozed from a cut on his face and the shallow wound on his shoulder. Just then, one of the fallen Hunters coughed and blinked. Another groaned on the floor next to him. Lacroix and the Austrian officers were still staring at them incredulously when we walked out of the building.
‘You could have finished him off,’ said Reid as we raced down the steps of the police headquarters.
I knew he was referring to Olsson. ‘Yes, I could have. But first, I need answers.’ I still didn’t understand what Olsson had meant, nor did I know who he had alluded to. I had already dismissed Pierre Vauquois as a possibility. To my knowledge, that left no one else.
We crossed the road and followed the bodyguard and the wounded driver into the dimly lit interior of a parking garage under one of the university buildings. We had just entered the shadows when the sound of gunshots erupted behind us once more. We started to run.
Fifty feet ahead and to the left, an elderly gentleman was locking the door of his Volvo estate. He looked up in surprise at our footsteps. Surprise turned to alarm when Reid lifted the Glock and pointed it brusquely at his face. ‘The keys, please,’ he said sharply.
The old man’s eyes widened in confusion. Bruno barked the order again in German. Anatole lay heavily against him; the immortal had turned an ashen colour and was bleeding profusely from his wounds. The Volvo owner’s hand shook as he slowly passed the keys across. They dropped from his grasp. Reid cursed and leaned down to pick them.
The bullet missed him by an inch and thudded into the old man’s shoulder. The latter cried out in shock and fell to the ground. I turned and fired at a pair of figures some hundred feet away. A scream of panic rose from elsewhere in the underground car park.
Reid unlocked the estate and threw the keys at me. ‘You’re the better driver!’ he shouted. While I helped Bruno load Anatole into the back seat, he propped the injured car owner against a concrete pillar. A young woman cowered behind a parked van a few yards away. ‘You, come here,’ Reid beckoned curtly. Her eyes widened. She stared at the gun in his hand and reluctantly crawled across the narrow gap between the vehicles. ‘Here, apply firm pressure.’ He grabbed her hand and pushed it against the wound in the old man’s flesh. She nodded tremulously, tears spilling over and coursing down her face.
Shots pinged across the hood of the Volvo. I started the engine and engaged the transmission. ‘Reid!’ I said urgently. He turned and dove inside the car. I didn’t wait for the door to close and stepped on the gas. The wheels spun madly before gripping the asphalt. The smell of burning rubber filled the air as the car shot forward.
A Crovir Hunter suddenly stepped in our path. Flashes erupted from the muzzle of his gun. ‘Hang on!’ I said grimly and jerked the wheel sharply to the left.
The Volvo’s bumper caught the immortal across the legs. He landed on the hood with a sickening crunch and slipped off to the side. Further shots thudded into the side of the car. The passenger window cracked.
‘Get us out of here!’ said Reid.
‘I’m trying,’ I muttered between gritted teeth. The Volvo skidded around a corner, grazed a row of cars in a shower of sparks and barrelled down an empty lane. The exit finally appeared in a flood of daylight at the other end. A second later, several black clad figures emerged from the shadows on either side of us. I frowned and floored the accelerator.
We crashed through the security barrier in a hail of gunfire. Bullets slammed into the boot of the car. A spider web crack appeared in the rear window.
A tortured squeal of brakes rose unexpectedly from the left. I looked around. My eyes widened.
A tram had materialised on the road. We were directly in its path.
I swore and twisted the driving wheel to the right. A loud shriek of metal followed as the Volvo scraped along the flank of the carriage. The left side mirror crumpled and disappeared under the tramcar. A couple of feet above, half a dozen shocked passengers gaped open-mouthed through the windows while I pulled away.
The Volvo swerved around a fire hydrant and juddered back onto the road. A trio of black sedans appeared in the rear view mirror seconds later. ‘Reid,’ I said with a dull note of urgency, my gaze shifting to the busy traffic ahead.
Reid glanced at his side mirror. ‘Gotcha.’ He rolled the cracked window down, leaned out of the estate, raised the Glock and fired a series of shots.
The front right tire of the leading car went out in a burst of flames. It pitched sideways, flipped onto its roof and careered towards the center line in an explosion of sparks. The second car veered to avoid it and slammed into a truck in the other lane. The last sedan drove around the wrecks of the first two vehicles, clipped the bumper of the second car and kept coming. The roar of police sirens rose in the distance behind it.
We were drawing close to a bridge that crossed the canal. At the end of a short queue of stationary vehicles, the lights were on red. Reid sat back in the seat and stared ahead. His eyes widened. He glanced at me. ‘Tell me you’re not thinking of—’ he started to say warily.
‘Hang on!’ I interrupted harshly. Ignoring Reid’s and Bruno’s shouts, I swerved onto the verge, accelerated and skidded across the junction between the contra flow. A blare of horns erupted around us. It was followed by irate yells and the ricochet of bullets bouncing off the back of the Volvo.
I righted the car, crossed a lane and overtook a truck. The black sedan swung around it and stayed on our tail. A moment later, the rear window acquired another spider web of fractures from a bullet.
‘Goddammit!’ swore Bruno. He pushed Anatole down on the seat, twisted around, smashed the glass clear with the butt of the Steyr AUG, levered the rifle through the gap and fired.
I glanced at the rear view mirror at the sound of an explosion. The rounds had penetrated the front grille of the sedan and ignited something under the hood. The car braked abruptly and skidded to a stop on the side of the lane. Several figures staggered out in a billow of black smoke.
I wondered whether Olsson was amongst them.
Seconds later, the bridge disappeared behind us. I looked over my shoulder at Anatole. ‘How’s he doing?’ I said anxiously. Though I had known the immortal for only a short time, I did not wish to be responsible for the death of yet another person. I had enough blood on my conscience as it was.
‘Not so good,’ said Bruno. The bodyguard was frowning. ‘He’s lost a lot of blood.’ He paused and studied the buildings outside the window. ‘Head north. I know a place where we can hide.’





Chapter Twelve


The Bastian safe house was a hunting lodge deep in the woods around Hollabrunn, some twenty-five miles outside of Vienna. We drove to the hotel in Landstrasse and swapped the Volvo for our Audi before setting off.
Anatole drifted in and out of consciousness for most of the drive up. By the time the car rolled to a stop on a pine-cone covered clearing outside the wooden cabin, his breathing had turned shallow.
We carried the immortal inside the lodge and laid him on a couch in the front room. Bruno brought in some wood and old newspapers from the porch and stacked them in the empty fireplace. Once the logs were alight, he emptied the bag of supplies he had picked up from a chemist near Landstrasse; rolls of bandages, a sewing kit, a disposable scalpel, and a couple of bottles of pills slipped onto the wooden surface of the coffee table. ‘Get the bullets out and stitch him up,’ he said to me curtly. ‘He’ll live if he makes it through the night.’ He turned and headed for the front door.
Reid frowned. ‘Where are you going?’
Bruno paused with his fingers on the handle. ‘I need to get in touch with Victor.’ He indicated the cell phone in his hand. ‘There’s no reception here. I’ll have to make the call from a phone box.’
Reid’s eyebrows rose. ‘There’s a public telephone in the woods?’
Bruno sighed. ‘No. It’s about an hour’s walk away.’ His eyes shifted uneasily to Anatole before he left.
While Reid did a perimeter check around the cabin, I searched the rooms and uncovered a bottle of gin at the back of a cupboard in the kitchen. Reid returned just as I finished pouring a generous amount of it down Anatole’s throat and followed this with some painkillers and antibiotics. ‘Isn’t that a bit much?’ he muttered, staring at the half-empty bottle of liquor.
I threaded a needle and turned to the unconscious immortal. ‘He’s going to need it.’
By the time Bruno returned almost two hours later, Anatole was sleeping soundly in front of the fire. ‘They made it to one of the hideaways,’ the bodyguard announced bluntly. He crossed the floor with another armful of logs and set them by the grate. ‘Victor’s coming to meet us. He’ll be here tonight.’
We made a meal from the contents of the cans we found in the larder. Bruno unearthed a dusty bottle of whisky from a hidden stock I had overlooked and passed it around.
I finally broke the silence that had befallen us. ‘Do you know why the Crovirs are after Anna Godard?’
Bruno glanced at me. ‘No,’ he replied with a shake of his head. ‘Victor received an urgent request for help from Tomas Godard late yesterday afternoon. They arrived at the Westbahnhof in the evening and we took them straight to the hideout under the Hofburg Palace.’ He stared into the flames. ‘An hour later, we got word that a group of Crovir Hunters were asking questions about the Godards. We decided to move them to another safe house. That’s when you guys turned up.’
‘The bartender mentioned a name at the canal last night,’ said Reid. ‘Someone called Marcus?’
Bruno’s eyes narrowed. ‘Marcus Pinchter is a Bastian noble and a member of our Second Council,’ he said in a bitter tone. ‘He works for Victor.’
I studied the bodyguard with a frown. ‘Why would he betray you?’
Bruno shrugged. ‘I honestly don’t know.’
I hesitated before voicing the next question. ‘And Tomas Godard?’
Bruno looked at me thoughtfully. ‘I guess there’s no harm in telling you,’ he muttered. He swallowed a mouthful of whisky and paused, as if choosing his words carefully. ‘Godard is the oldest surviving member of one of the most ancient families of Bastians in existence today.’ He gave me a level-headed stare. ‘He is true nobility, if you know what I mean.’
I gazed at him silently while the meaning behind his words sank in. ‘You mean he’s a pureblood?’ I said. The bodyguard nodded with an awkward expression.
Reid’s eyes narrowed and his gaze shifted from Bruno to me. ‘What’s a pureblood?’
‘An immortal who can trace his genealogy all the way back to the very origins of our races,’ I replied steadily.
Bruno shifted uncomfortably under my unrelenting stare. ‘Godard used to be the Head of the Order of Bastian Hunters,’ he said. ‘He abdicated his position in the fifteen hundreds for reasons unknown to immortals outside the First Council.’ He took another gulp from his glass. ‘Victor’s father, Roman Dvorsky, was elected the next Head of the Hunters.’
I narrowed my eyes at that. ‘Is Victor the current leader?’
‘No,’ Bruno replied gruffly. ‘Victor’s the Head of our Counter Terrorism Section.’ He paused. ‘The majority of us believe he will be the next Head of the Hunters though. Roman is still alive, if somewhat frail.’ A grimace crossed his face. ‘Unfortunately, it was several decades before the full effects of the Red Death manifested themselves in him.’ He leaned forward and threw another log onto the flames. ‘In the eyes of most Bastian Hunters, Victor is their de facto leader, even if he has not officially been sworn in by the First Council yet.’
Silence fell across the room once more. Anatole stirred on the sofa.
‘Godard mentioned another name last night,’ I said curiously. ‘Who is Vellacrus?’
A scowl dawned on Bruno’s face. He glared at the fire. ‘Agatha Vellacrus is the Head of the Order of Crovir Hunters.’ Amber liquid splashed into his glass as he poured in more whisky. ‘She’s a pureblood and a nasty piece of work, if I say so myself,’ he added with a grunt. ‘If it was up to her, the immortal war would still be going on to this day.’ He caught the wary glance I exchanged with Reid. ‘What?’
‘Several members of the Crovir First Council held a private meeting in Washington a few weeks ago,’ I explained quietly. ‘A fortnight after that, a Crovir Hunter made contact with us in Boston.’ I hesitated. ‘Forty-eight hours later, he killed me.’ Bruno’s eyes widened at my words.
‘Oh, and twenty-four hours after that, he killed him again,’ said Reid wryly.
Bruno looked suitably impressed. ‘How many is it now?’
I knew what he alluded to without him having to clarify the question. ‘Sixteen.’
Bruno whistled softly under his breath. ‘That’s not good.’
‘No, it isn’t.’ A sigh left my lips. ‘It would be good if I could get to the bottom of whatever’s going on before the final one.’ The logs crackled and hissed in the hush that followed.
‘I’m only on my tenth,’ said Bruno finally. He glanced over his shoulder at the unconscious driver. ‘Anatole here’s on his eighth.’ A grimace crossed the bodyguard’s face. ‘He’s always been a bit of a pacifist.’
‘I heard that,’ mumbled Anatole.
Bruno straightened. ‘Hey. How’re you feeling?’
‘Like hell,’ said Anatole. He opened his eyes, sat up slowly and groaned. His gaze alighted on the bottle on the table. ‘Here, pass me the whisky.’
Bruno frowned. ‘I don’t think you should be drinking. You already had half the gin.’
‘What are you, my mother?’ Anatole muttered in a distinctly disgruntled tone. ‘Besides, that was strictly for medicinal purposes. Now shut up and give me the bottle.’
Dusk had fallen across the forest when the roar of an engine finally rose in the distance. Bruno crossed the room with his gun in hand and peered through a gap in the curtains. ‘It’s Victor,’ he said, his stance visibly relaxing.
Headlights appeared between the trees. Moments later, a black Volkswagen minivan rolled to a stop next to the Audi. The passenger door opened and Victor Dvorsky got out; he wore a bandage around his left wrist and bore a nasty bruise to his face. ‘You guys ready?’ he called out.
‘Yes,’ said Bruno. He closed the door behind us and we headed down the porch steps.
Victor studied Anatole’s face with a frown. ‘You look like hell,’ he said bluntly.
‘Thanks, boss,’ muttered the Bastian driver. ‘You don’t look so hot yourself.’
Dvorsky’s gaze shifted to Reid and me. ‘Put your stuff in the van. We’re leaving the car.’
We emptied the Audi and climbed inside the minivan. It pulled away from the cabin and turned down the path that led out of the woods.
‘So, where we headed now?’ said Reid curiously. ‘Not that I’d know even if you told me,’ he added after a pause.
‘Vilanec,’ Victor replied curtly from the front passenger seat.
‘Oh.’ Reid’s eyebrows rose slightly. ‘Where’s that?’
‘It’s in the Jihlava District,’ said Victor. ‘In the Czech Republic.’
Pine cones and branches snapped loudly under the wheels of the van in the silence that followed. Reid stared at me. ‘We sure travel a lot, don’t we?’ he said sardonically.
‘Consider it your first European tour,’ I said brightly.
Reid frowned. ‘Anyone got a smoke?’
It was half hour before we crossed the border into the Czech Republic. The van skirted around the Podyji National Park and turned north.
‘How’s Godard?’ I said after a while.
Victor glanced at my reflection in the rear view mirror. ‘He’ll live,’ he said with a grunt. ‘He’s a tough old man.’ His tone clearly discouraged further conversation.
I ignored it. ‘Did he tell you why the Crovirs are after his granddaughter?’
Awkward silence fell inside the vehicle. Victor sighed. ‘I’d rather Tomas did the explaining,’ he said tiredly. ‘He was hoping to spare you from the Crovirs, but you’re too deeply involved in this now for him to put it off any longer.’
It was my turn to be quiet while I tried to decipher the meaning behind his words. ‘Do you know a man called Mikael Olsson?’ I said finally.
Victor frowned. ‘I can’t say I’ve heard the name before. Why do you ask?’
‘He’s an old friend who’s now working for the Crovirs,’ I replied. ‘He tried to kill me in Boston a few days ago and posed as an officer of the Austrian State Police at the Bundeskriminalamt this morning.’
Victor stared at me in the mirror. ‘Does he bear a grudge against you?’
I shook my head. ‘Not that I was aware of.’ I glanced out of the window as we drove past a small hamlet. ‘You and Godard seem to be good friends,’ I added reflectively.
Victor snorted. ‘You could say that. Tomas Godard is my godfather.’
I was still pondering his shocking words when we reached the outskirts of Vilanec shortly after eight that evening. The van turned down a narrow country lane just outside the sleepy village and headed west across a series of dark fields. The land gradually rose and a wooded hill appeared on the skyline. The lane was replaced by a rutted dirt track.
Apart from the pale reflections from the eyes of the wild animals that fled the glare of the headlights, the forest seemed uninhabited. Two miles later, the trees started to thin out. A clearing appeared ahead of us. It was fringed by the woods on three sides; a dark ridge rose behind it to form the crest of the hill.
A house stood at the far end of the clearing, in the lee of the grey rock face. The pale stone walls shone eerily in the night. The windows were dark, the glass reflecting the glow from a star-studded sky and a crescent-shaped moon.
Victor stiffened and leaned forward in his seat. ‘Stop!’ he barked. The driver slammed on the brakes. Pebbles peppered the underside of the van as it juddered to a halt at the edge of the clearing, jolting us all forward. Anatole swore behind me. ‘Something’s wrong,’ said Victor with a heavy frown.
‘What is it?’ My gaze swept guardedly over the woods outside the windows.
‘I told Tomas to turn the porch light off if there was any sign of trouble,’ said Victor. He took the Beretta from his coat and checked the magazine. I studied the house through the front windshield of the van. The lantern above the front door was dark. ‘I could’ve sworn Marcus didn’t know about this place,’ Victor continued quietly.
The words had barely left his lips when the windows on the first floor blew out. The white glow of the explosion bloomed brightly and shot through the roof, blasting tiles and part of a stone chimney towards the sky. The shock wave rocked the van violently. We sat stunned for a second before scrambling for the doors.
Burning bricks, wood and smouldering debris drifted down slowly around the clearing. Flames erupted on the ground floor of the house. Glass popped and cracked inside the burning building as further explosions shook its foundations.
‘We need to get out of here,’ said Victor urgently. He took a step towards the van.
I placed my hand firmly on his arm, stopping him in his tracks. ‘What about the Godards?’ I said harshly.
‘There’s a secret passage in the basement. If Tomas detected the Crovirs’ presence in time to warn us, he would have gotten out through there,’ said Victor steadily.
The conflagration engulfed the entire house. I stared at the fire tensely, heat washing over my face in waves. Despite the immortal’s reassuring tone, I could not stop the icy lump of fear forming in my stomach. ‘Where would they have gone?’ I said insistently.
‘Not far,’ Victor replied. ‘They’ll probably lay low for a while and catch up with us later.’ He glanced warily at the woods around us. ‘We need to leave. The Crovirs must be close.’
I hesitated, before nodding slightly. As I turned to cast a final glance at the burning building, I caught a faint flash from the trees to the east of the clearing. My eyes widened. ‘Get down!’ I shouted.
A second later, a rocket propelled grenade smashed into the side of the van and detonated. The pressure waves from the explosion sent us tumbling across the pine cone covered track. Hot shrapnel and burning fragments shot out from the wreckage and rained down from the sky. A tire hurtled out of the blazing wreck and rolled towards the trees, leaving a flaming trail in its wake.
I crawled to my knees, my ears ringing from the blast. Blood dripped down my face where a jagged shard had slashed the flesh above my right eye. Next to me, Reid groaned and climbed dazedly to his feet.
A muffled curse sounded to our right. I turned and saw the driver of the van rolling desperately in the dirt, his legs engulfed in flames. Victor staggered unsteadily across the ground towards him.
Gunshots rang out from the woods. I looked over my shoulder and saw dozens of figures emerge from the trees next to the house. Muzzles flashed repeatedly in the darkness.
A bullet whizzed past my head and slammed into the dirt by my hand. I rolled onto my back, my fingers on the Smith and Wesson, and shot the Crovir Hunter crouching some twenty feet away in the grass.
‘Come on, move!’ yelled Victor. He had hauled the wounded driver upright and was dragging him into the woods to the west. Bruno and Anatole followed closely behind them, the spent rounds from their guns dropping soundlessly to the ground as they fired continuously at the Crovirs.
‘And things were just starting to get interesting!’ Reid shouted with a savage grin. He emptied the magazine in the direction of the approaching immortals, the Glock jerking in his hands.
‘Let’s go!’ I grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the trees.
Dead leaves and branches snapped beneath our feet when we entered the woods. Moments later, the crash of footsteps and the shouts of our pursuers rose behind us. The forest rapidly thickened. Crowded trees blocked out the ambient light from the sky. The undergrowth became a solid entity, snagging at our clothes and limbs, and hampering our progress. The ground was an invisible enemy ridden with potholes, burrows and roots that threatened to trip us up at every step.
Gunfire erupted on our left. Reid grunted and clutched at his arm. I drew the Glock and fired blindly into the night. More bullets whistled through the air from the right and scored a tree as I darted past it. I raised the Smith and Wesson in my other hand and half emptied the magazine.
Up ahead, Bruno cried out and almost fell. He clamped a hand across the fresh bullet wound on his thigh and kept running. Anatole draped an arm around the bodyguard’s waist and dragged him forward, their breaths leaving their lips in hoarse gasps.
Fear drenched my body in a cold sweat. The shadows between the trees were drawing closer. The enemy was flanking us on all sides: we were being herded inside a closing circle from which there would be no escape. ‘We need to split up!’ I called out to Victor urgently. He cast a quick glance around and nodded in agreement. Seconds later, we divided into pairs and headed off in different directions.
My gaze strayed to the blood dripping down Reid’s left arm as we continued running north. ‘You okay?’ I said anxiously.
‘Yeah,’ he replied with a grimace. ‘The bullet went through the flesh.’
Another explosion rocked through the night. It was followed by a bloom of brightness between the trees behind and to the right. Hungry flames painted the sky above the burning house with an orange glow. My eyes narrowed. The light also revealed the dozens of figures closing in on us.
Shots rang out from somewhere close. Reid looked over his shoulder, grabbed my arm and dragged me down into a thicket. We lay frozen on the ground, struggling to silence the sound of our harsh breathing. A second later, footsteps thundered past the bushes. Reid raised his head slightly and peeked through the low branches. He glanced at me and nodded once, the Glock gripped tightly in his hands. We rose to our feet and shot the four Hunters several feet ahead before they could sense our presence. The immortals fell with hardly a cry. By the time their bodies struck the forest floor, we were already running.
Muzzles flared repeatedly in the gloom. We darted between trees, bullets peppering trunks and showering us with fragments of wood. A splinter sliced through my scalp. I blinked blood out of my eye and focused on where my feet were landing.
Though only minutes had passed since the first explosion tore through the safe house, I could feel a wave of sluggishness creeping through my body. Out of the corner of my eyes, I sensed that Reid’s movements had also grown slower. Considering the events of the last week, this was hardly a surprise. Yet, although we were both still functioning at over eighty percent of our abilities, I knew that we desperately needed to be closer to a hundred if we were to make it through the night.
The darkness ahead grew lighter, distracting me from my grim reflections. I studied the landscape with narrowed eyes. The trees thinned out. A glade materialised out of the gloom.
We burst into the open space, our breaths coming hard and fast as we raced for the cover of the trees two hundred feet away. I suspected the same thought had just crossed Reid’s mind: if the Crovirs found us now, they would shoot us down like fish in a barrel.
We were halfway across the clearing when Reid gasped and fell. I skidded to a halt on the muddy, leaf covered ground and stumbled back towards him.
He lay on his back in a shallow puddle of inky water. I reached him in time to see blood bloom across his shirt from a fresh bullet wound.
Reid blinked at me blankly. He lifted a hand to his chest and stared at his crimson fingers. I dropped to my knees by his side. His gaze shifted to my face. ‘Damn. This is definitely not good,’ he murmured. His eyes fluttered close and he lost consciousness.
‘No,’ I whispered brokenly. I dropped my guns and pressed my hands against the bubbling hole in his ribcage, disbelief numbing my senses while I gazed desperately at his pale face. His breathing grew laboured, the air rattling in and out of his lips in shallow pants. I felt and heard the faint whistle beneath my fingers and pushed down harder.
Heat exploded on my right flank.
A shocked grunt escaped my lips. I was already reaching for the guns when the second bullet hissed through the night and grazed my forehead. I blinked fresh blood out of my eyes and twisted on my knees.
A man walked out from under the line of trees to the west of the clearing. As he crossed the ground towards me, he put away the gun and suppressor in his hand and reached for the sword at his waist.
I gritted my teeth, climbed to my feet and drew the katana from its sheath in a double-handed grip. Wet warmth coursed down my side and leg. I didn’t have to look to tell that I was bleeding heavily.
The stranger paused a dozen feet from where I stood, swaying slightly. ‘We meet again, half-breed,’ he said calmly.
I studied the dark clad figure in front of me and blinked repeatedly to clear the blood from my vision. Hundreds of years of instinct warned me that this was not a man I dared look away from.
The immortal was tall and lean. His shoulder length ash blond hair gleamed dully under the pale moonlight drifting in slivers through the clouds that marched across the sky. A scar carved a jagged path from the corner of his right ear all the way down to his mouth. Despite the radiance that bathed the clearing, it was too dark to fathom the colour of his eyes.
Though I could not recall ever having met him before, the stranger looked disturbingly familiar. And it was evident from his words that he knew me. I pushed this troubling feeling aside and focused on his feet. I knew they would betray his next move. Already, my vision was starting to blur.
I almost missed the first swing of his blade and lurched backward awkwardly. The edge of the sword glinted as it whispered past my face. The flow of blood from my flank doubled.
Metal clashed against metal when our blades met a heartbeat later. I parried his blows unevenly. Barely ten seconds passed before I found myself forced back a step. Despite the haze of pain and the blood loss that dulled my senses, I recognised his expert swordsmanship.
A mocking smile dawned on the stranger’s face as he continued his relentless attack: he had barely broken into a sweat, while I could feel beads of perspiration trickling down my back. His expression grew childishly gleeful when I stumbled. A moment later, I was down on my knees.
I raised the katana and blocked the fatal blow in time. Still, I felt a sharp sting across my shoulder; he had managed to cut me.
‘Give up,’ growled the immortal. He pressed down with his sword, teeth gleaming in the gloom as his lips parted in a feral snarl. ‘You know you’re going to die, half-breed!’
I saw Reid’s chest rise and fall shallowly out of the corner of my eyes, his breathing slow and irregular. A spasm of guilt and anguish racked my body, almost paralysing in its intensity. Tears rose in my eyes. Reid was going to die.
A wave of unrelenting rage surged through me at the thought of the immortals who had brought us to this. I frowned, my knuckles whitening on the handle of the katana. A grunt left my lips. I slowly rose to my feet.
I was unprepared for the ring of blackness that closed in around me. I shook my head dazedly and blinked in time to catch the glint of the blade.
The stranger’s sword entered my chest just beneath my right ribcage. My eyes widened in dull incomprehension. I looked down slowly and saw the metal embedded in my flesh. The immortal took a deliberate step forward. I gasped and stiffened as scalding pain tore through my body: the sword had gone right through my chest and out of my back. A gush of frothy blood rose in my throat and spilled past my lips, choking my breath.
The stranger smiled wildly, raised a booted foot to my thigh and pulled the sword out.
The blade left my body with a sickening wet noise. I stood frozen for a moment, before falling to my knees once more.
The immortal grabbed my bowed head and leaned down, his lips stopping inches from my ear. ‘And now,’ he hissed, spit flying from his mouth and striking my bloodied cheek, ‘in these final seconds of your long and abominable life, I shall tell you the name of the man who killed your parents and who is about to end your loathsome existence.’ A crazed grin washed across the stranger’s face; it flickered distortedly as a veil of darkness clouded my vision. ‘Tell your mother and father that Felix Thorne says hi!’
Moonlight shone on the edge of his sword as he raised it high above his head. I stared past him at the star-filled heavens, a strange sense of calm and acceptance washing over me as I faced my inevitable fate. Though I was grief-stricken at having led Reid to an untimely death and for having been the cause of so many others dying, I knew I had done my utmost to protect the ones that I cherished.
My one remaining regret on leaving this world was not having had the chance to get to know Anna Godard.
The blade pierced my heart in a single savage blow. My vision dimmed. The pain and coldness that shrouded me faded. As the last breath left my lips and my body thudded to the forest floor, an image of my parents rose before my open eyes.





PART TWO: RESURRECTION





Chapter Thirteen


For a long and immeasurable length of time, there was only darkness and a sense of absolute weightlessness. I drifted through a seemingly endless space, unaware and nonexistent. At some undefined moment during my everlasting sleep, I became conscious of an all encompassing presence that seemed to float around me, cocooning me in warmth. An overpowering feeling of peace washed over me and I found myself crying. Except that I was no longer an “I” and I had no body to cry with.
Was this Heaven, or was this Hell? Or yet still, was this the anteroom where my final fate awaited me even now?
Then, rather unexpectedly, came the voices. They were faint but insistent, like echoes in a vast and watery tunnel. Muted words drifted tantalisingly in and out of earshot. Someone spoke quietly in Czech. Slowly but steadily, I started to perceive my own consciousness. It was dim and ill defined, but nevertheless there. After waxing and waning for an eternity, it faded once more. I sank back into the dark oblivion and felt a strange sense of loss.
Something soft and warm glided over my face. I opened my eyes.
A sea of green hovered above me. I blinked and became aware of the tears that clouded my vision. The greenness resolved into a pair of pale, olive-coloured irises, flecked with a thousand gold and brown specks. They were framed by thick lashes and long, luxuriant chestnut curls.
‘Hi,’ said Anna softly. She sat back slightly, the sun cross pendant glinting at the base of her throat.
‘Green,’ I mumbled, the word spilling out before I could stop it.
A faint frown marred her brow. ‘What?’ she murmured in a puzzled tone.
‘Your eyes. They’re green,’ I repeated slowly. My voice sounded weak and raspy even to my own ears.
Her lips curved into a wry smile. A pair of dimples appeared in her cheeks. ‘Yes. They are,’ she acknowledged with a chuckle.
The sound of her laughter stabbed through my chest. Then, coldness gripped me as my memory returned. I stiffened and stared at her. ‘I died,’ I stated bluntly.
Anna’s expression sobered. She nodded silently.
Another image rose in my mind. ‘Reid!’ I tried to sit up and gasped when pain tore dozens of fiery trails across my body. There wasn’t an inch of me that did not seem to be hurting.
‘Don’t! You might reopen your wounds,’ said Anna, pushing me gently back onto the bed I lay upon. A tired smile crossed her face at my stricken expression. ‘Reid is fine. He’s resting in the next room,’ she added.
A wave of unspeakable relief washed over me at her words. Reid was alive. As was I, incredibly enough. But how? A myriad of questions clouded my mind. I glanced around and asked the most immediate one. ‘Where are we?’
Sunlight streamed through a pair of gauzy white curtains framing a tall window to the left. It illuminated the faded wallpaper that covered the walls of a bedroom and sparkled off the crystal chandelier hanging from the middle of a high, elaborately corniced ceiling. Cobwebs populated the distant corners of the room. The furniture was sparse and utilitarian; whatever there was of it looked antique Bohemian, old but in good condition.
‘We’re in a safe house outside Prague,’ said Anna. She poured some water from a carafe on a bedside table, lifted my head carefully off the pillow and brought the glass to my lips. I sipped, then gulped the cold liquid down quickly, suddenly aware of my thirst. ‘Not so fast,’ she said firmly and took the glass away.
I settled down in the bed and stared blindly at the ceiling. My thoughts were clearing. A single question now occupied my mind, far ahead of the queue of others. ‘That was my seventeenth death.’ My gaze switched to Anna. She glanced away, looking as confused as I felt. Silence fell across the room. ‘What happened?’ I said finally.
Anna rose from the bed and walked restlessly to the window. I gazed at her profile and the elegant lines of her neck while she spoke, her hands twisting fitfully together. ‘When grandfather and I realised that the Crovirs had found us, we started the fire in the house outside Vilanec and escaped through the underground passage in the cellar,’ she said quietly. ‘It took us to the woods on the other side of the hill.’ She paused and looked at me. ‘We heard the explosions and the gunshots. We suspected Victor had returned with Reid and you, and that you had engaged in a fight with the Crovirs. We came to look for you afterwards.’
I frowned, then winced. Even my face hurt. ‘What of Victor and the others?’
‘They all made it,’ said Anna, ‘but not without some injuries.’ She turned then and stared me straight in the eye, her gaze unflinching. ‘When we found the two of you, Reid was almost dead. You had no detectable pulse.’ A frown marred her brow again. ‘By the time Bruno returned with a car, you were breathing again.’ She hesitated. ‘This is a stupid question, but you’re absolutely positive that was your seventeenth death?’
‘Yes,’ I said flatly.
Footsteps sounded outside the room. The door opened and Victor Dvorsky appeared. His eyes widened when he saw me and he stopped in his tracks. ‘So, you’re finally awake,’ he said evenly. There was a fresh dressing on his forehead and a bandage around his hand. He favoured his right leg slightly.
‘How long have I been out?’ I glanced from him to Anna and tried to sit up again. This time, I was successful. I swung my legs off the bed and leaned heavily on the edge of the mattress when a wave of dizziness hit me. That was when I saw the bandages encircling my chest and flanks.
‘Two days,’ Anna replied. ‘You lost a lot of blood.’ I reached for the glass of water with a shaky hand and grimaced when the movement pulled on strained and damaged muscles.
Victor leaned against the doorjamb and watched me closely. ‘How are you feeling?’
‘I’ve been better,’ I said blithely, trying not to show my anxiety at Anna’s words. Considering the events of the last week, two days was a long time to lose. ‘Although, technically, I shouldn’t even be here,’ I added.
‘True,’ said Victor guardedly.
A figure loomed in the doorway behind him. It was Reid. His left arm was in a sling and I could see the outline of dressings beneath his shirt. A faint grin tugged at my lips when I observed the cigarette clamped firmly at the corner of his mouth. He looked pale but otherwise seemed to be his normal self. ‘I heard voices,’ he said with a grunt.
Anna’s eyes narrowed when she saw the cigarette. She strode briskly across the room and snatched the roll from his lips. ‘I removed a bullet from your chest barely forty-eight hours ago. The least you could do is not smoke,’ she said sharply.
Reid looked down at her without a trace of remorse on his face. ‘You do realise this will only delay my recovery, don’t you?’ he said glumly.
Anna’s frown deepened. ‘How, exactly?’ she said skeptically.
‘By not letting me smoke, you’re causing me undue stress. I’m sure I read somewhere that stress slows down wound healing,’ said Reid.
Anna rolled her eyes and opened her mouth for what was likely going to be a scathing riposte when movement next to Reid interrupted her. ‘What’s going on?’ said the figure that came into view.
It was Tomas Godard. Although the old man looked like he had recovered from his wounds, he seemed to have aged even more since I last saw him.
‘Your granddaughter’s infringing on my rights,’ Reid explained blandly.
‘She’s your doctor. You should listen to her,’ Godard retorted with a distracted expression, his eyes never leaving my face. ‘Besides, you owe her your life. She gave you her blood.’
Reid’s eyes widened. He stared at Anna. ‘You did?’ She nodded, her cheeks colouring. ‘Oh.’ Reid looked fairly stunned.
Anna brushed a hand through her hair and squared her shoulders determinedly. ‘Right,’ she said in a tone that bade no argument. ‘All of you, leave, now. He needs to rest.’ She shooed the three men out of the room and paused on the threshold. ‘There’s a bathroom across the corridor. The clothes in the wardrobe should fit you.’ Her eyes softened. ‘Come down when you’re ready,’ she added gently and closed the door behind her.
The light outside was fading when I finally made my way to the head of a grand staircase. Already, I could feel strength flowing back into my limbs.
The safe house was a manor. From what I had glimpsed through the window of my room, it stood on a deserted estate. I paused on the landing and studied the paintings that lined the walls of the entrance hall. It was a deliberate distraction: my mind was not quite ready to deal with the overwhelming subject of having survived my seventeenth death.
Something about the pictures piqued my curiosity. They were all portraits, each depicting an austere noble dressed in fashions that spanned centuries, dating as far back as the early Renaissance period. Their eyes looked vaguely familiar.
I crossed a foyer at the bottom of the stairs and paused. Voices rose from a dim corridor to my left. I followed the sounds to a large kitchen at the back of the house.
There was a lull in the conversation when I paused in the doorway.
Reid, Victor Dvorsky and the Godards sat at an old, scarred walnut table that dominated an extensive flagstone floor. A fire crackled briskly in the hearth behind them, filling the room with the woody smell of burning logs and washing its white walls with a golden light. Reid silently drew out the chair next to him.
‘Where are Bruno and Anatole?’ I said, taking the seat.
‘I sent them out to get provisions,’ Victor replied.
A tense hush fell across the room. I sighed. ‘So, are we going to get to the point or are we going to indulge in some small talk first?’
Victor shifted awkwardly in his chair. Reid unearthed a cigarette from somewhere and struck a match lazily. Anna’s head whipped around at the sound and she frowned at him.
To my surprise, a chuckle escaped Tomas Godard’s lips. ‘You always were impatient, even as a child,’ he said, gazing at me warmly. ‘In that respect at least, you resemble your mother.’
I stiffened, a tremor of shock coursing through me at his words. I stared at the blue eyes so alike to mine. The strong feeling of foreboding that had lingered at the back of my mind since I first met Tomas Godard suddenly crystallised into a cold certainty. I knew this man. Though I could not recall his features, I felt that I had known him for a long, long time. ‘Who are you?’ I said in a low voice, almost afraid to hear the answer.
Godard suddenly looked incredibly old. His shoulders sagged and his face slackened, as if he carried a burden too heavy for him to bear. He took a deep breath and exhaled loudly. ‘I am your grandfather,’ he said in a clear voice.
Anna’s head snapped up. Her eyes widened. ‘What?!’
Though I could feel the tension suddenly coursing through him, Reid remained silent at my side. Victor took a sip of his coffee and put the cup down carefully.
I sat frozen, Godard’s words ringing in my ears. Although my whole being resonated from the surprise his statement had engendered, deep down inside I knew that he spoke the truth.
‘Your mother, Catarine, was my eldest daughter,’ said Tomas Godard, his eyes meeting mine steadily. He glanced at his granddaughter. ‘Anna’s mother, Lily, was my youngest child.’ The logs in the fireplace crackled and hissed loudly in the shocked silence that followed.
‘How—’ Anna started haltingly, her expression troubled. ‘Why have you never spoken of this before? I thought mother was an only child.’ She could barely mask the accusing tone in her voice.
Godard looked at her with a sad light in his eyes. ‘I’ve kept this secret for so long, I’m afraid that it has become a force of habit over the years,’ he said tiredly. He reached out and touched her face with gentle fingers. ‘Besides, the knowledge would only have brought you pain.’
‘What do you mean?’ Anna’s voice rose slightly. Anger and anguish darkened her irises to a cloudy sea green. ‘In what way would knowing that I had—’ she glanced at me—‘a family have hurt me?’
A hush followed her tormented words. ‘I take it she doesn’t know about the half-breed thing?’ I said coldly. I was surprised at the anger that suddenly surged through me. My hands fisted under the table.
A pained expression flitted across Tomas Godard’s face. The old man looked positively haggard.
Victor Dvorsky frowned. ‘We don’t like to use that term.’
‘Why not?’ I retorted sharply. This time, I was unable to hide the fury in my voice. Reid laid a hand on my arm. ‘After all, it’s the reason why my parents were murdered and I’ve been hunted all my life! Why be coy about it now?’
‘I don’t understand,’ whispered Anna. She stared from me to her grandfather, her face pale.
Tomas Godard leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes briefly. ‘Five hundred years ago, well after the last days of the Red Death, Catarine fell in love with a highborn Crovir noble. They met at one of the balls organised jointly by the immortal societies to foster kinship between our two races following the end of the war.’ He paused and looked at Victor with a troubled expression. ‘The noble’s name was Balthazar Thorne.’
I flinched. ‘My father’s name was Slovansky,’ I said harshly.
Tomas shook his head. ‘Slovansky was the name your parents adopted when they went into exile,’ he said. He stopped as if to gather his thoughts. ‘Despite my protests, Catarine and Balthazar married secretly in the year that followed their first meeting. As immortals, they recognised that they were each other’s destined soul mate and were determined to never be apart from that time forth. You were born forty years later, in fifteen sixty, in Prague. When the two immortal societies found out about your existence, a warrant was immediately issued for your capture and execution.’ He turned to Anna, his expression troubled. ‘You know of the old law that prohibits the union between a Crovir and a Bastian?’
Anna frowned and nodded. ‘I’ve always thought it an archaic rule. The only function it appears to serve is to separate the two societies further.’
A sorrowful smile crossed Godard’s face at her words. ‘Yes, I thought so too, from that time forth.’ He glanced at Victor again. The latter was frowning into his coffee. ‘With both the Crovir and Bastian Hunters after them, Catarine and Balthazar had no choice but to go into hiding. They chose to do so in the Carpathian Mountains, which were vastly unpopulated and isolated from the rest of the world at the time.’ He paused. ‘Nine years passed and they managed to stay concealed. On their tenth year in hiding, the Hunters finally found them. By the time Victor told me they were on their trail again, it was too late. When we got there, Catarine and Balthazar were already dead.’
I stared at him, still doubtful. ‘Weren’t you the Head of the Bastian Hunters at the time?’
‘No.’ Tomas Godard looked down at his hands. ‘I gave up that position on the day you were born,’ he said quietly. He lifted his head and gazed at me with a tortured expression. ‘I could never order the murder of my own daughter and grandchild.’
‘Grandfather,’ Anna whispered. She placed her hand over his.
‘It was my father who issued the order on the Bastian side,’ said Victor curtly. ‘He received a tip from the Crovirs as to the whereabouts of your family.’
Reid frowned at the immortal. ‘But—the old man said you tried to stop the Hunters.’
Tomas bestowed a forlorn gaze upon Dvorsky. ‘Victor loved Catarine,’ he murmured. ‘And I believe he still does to this very day.’
Dvorsky cleared his throat, the tips of his ears reddening. ‘Look, I wouldn’t go that far. That woman used to bully me.’
‘She was a hundred years younger than you,’ said Tomas.
‘She had a sharp tongue on her,’ Victor retorted with a heavy frown.
Tomas smiled. ‘True.’ He paused. ‘Had Balthazar not stolen her heart, I had hoped the two of you would marry one day.’
Victor’s ears glowed brightly. ‘Stop talking nonsense, old man,’ he mumbled under his breath.
‘You were there when my parents died?’ I said at last. The rage that threatened to overwhelm me had abated. In its place was a cauldron of mixed emotions. Memories of that snowy day in the Carpathian Mountains rose afresh in my mind.
‘Yes,’ said Victor. He hesitated. ‘We got there just after your first death. Tomas and I took care of the rest of the Hunters before you awoke again.’
A dozen questions clouded my mind. I stared at my grandfather and asked the one that troubled me the most. ‘Why did you leave me?’
Godard looked away from my gaze. ‘Victor and I debated this time and time again,’ he said. ‘We always arrived at the same conclusion. If you had remained with me, the Hunters would undoubtedly have found you again. Though it was the most difficult choice I have ever had to make in my immortal life, you had a much better chance of survival on your own, in the world of humans.’
‘I made sure you at least got out of the mountains and reached the nearest village safely,’ Victor added gruffly.
An incident from that time suddenly came to me. ‘The wolves?’ I said questioningly. As I made my escape from the mountains, a lonely, frightened and hungry ten-year-old, I had been trailed and almost attacked twice by a pack of wild wolves. They had unexpectedly disappeared after the third day.
Victor smiled faintly. ‘It took a while to get rid of them. I have to admit, I nearly gave myself away the second time.’
I stared at him, unable to voice the feelings that choked my throat. My gaze shifted to Godard. ‘Did you know where I was all these years?’
‘Yes, sometimes. I always heard of your deaths at the hands of the Hunters,’ Godard replied with a grimace. ‘Over time, when it became clearly evident that you posed no threat to the immortals, Victor and I finally persuaded both Orders to call off the hunt.’ He paused. ‘In exchange, I promised never to make contact with you.’
I was silent as I digested this information. I now knew the reason why the Hunters’ attempts to kill me suddenly abated a century ago. I thought of his words at the Hauptbahnhof and finally understood their meaning. ‘Is that why you didn’t want me to get involved with—whatever’s going on?’
‘Yes,’ said Tomas. A frown clouded his face. ‘Of course, that was before I knew that the Crovirs were after you again.’ Anna rose and switched on the lights. Night had fallen outside.
‘The man who killed me said his name was Felix Thorne,’ I said after a while, still shaken by the astonishing revelations of the last hour. ‘Is he related to my father?’
Godard’s eyebrows rose. ‘Felix was there that night?’ he said in a stunned voice.
‘Yes,’ I replied.
Victor and Godard exchanged troubled glances. ‘He’s your uncle,’ Dvorsky said finally. ‘And the Crovir Head of Counter Terrorism.’
Tomas’s frown deepened. ‘They’re getting bold. For Felix to join a hunt is practically unheard of,’ he murmured almost absent-mindedly. He blinked and turned a solemn gaze on me. ‘Agatha Vellacrus, the Head of the Order of Crovir Hunters, had three sons. Their names were Cecil, Felix and Balthazar Thorne. Of the three, only Felix is still alive.’
Another jolt of shock darted through me. My eyes widened. ‘You mean Vellacrus is my grandmother?’ I said, astounded by this latest disclosure.
Tomas grunted. ‘Yes, although she has tried her best to keep it a secret from both immortal societies. There are only a handful of us still alive today who know the truth.’ He sighed. ‘I will never understand how she gave birth to someone as gentle and as kind as your father.’
A door slammed at the front of the house, startling us all. Bruno and Anatole entered the kitchen moments later, their arms laden with bags. They paused at the sight of us at the table.
‘Hey, you’re up,’ said Bruno. He glanced at me awkwardly while he placed the bags on the countertop.
Anatole was more straight-forward. ‘You gave us all quite a shock when you started breathing again,’ he said bluntly.
‘Anatole,’ Bruno murmured tersely.
The Bastian driver shrugged. ‘What? It’s true. I mean, the guy survived his seventeenth death. No immortal has ever done that before.’
My gaze switched to Tomas Godard. ‘He’s right,’ I said quietly.
The old man stared at me, his eyes reflecting my own perplexity at the most staggering fact in this whole affair so far. ‘I’m afraid I don’t know the answer to that question,’ he murmured. ‘I was just as surprised as everyone else.’
‘Does it have anything to do with the fact that I can kill other immortals?’ I pondered out loud, thinking of the Angel of Death again and the unique birthmark over my heart.
Tomas Godard shook his head regretfully. ‘I don’t know.’
‘Anyone hungry?’ said Anatole in the silence that followed. Bruno glared at him. ‘What?’ the driver said with another shrug. ‘We still gotta eat, right?’





Chapter Fourteen


The manor house was owned by Victor’s family and stood, as I had suspected, on a large estate a few miles outside Prague. Once a popular entertainment venue for the Dvorskies, it had become abandoned since the end of the Second World War and now mostly served as a hideout for the nobles. Victor assured us that only he and his father knew the exact location of the property.
I stared at the moonlit trees that lined the long, wide driveway to the house and caught a glimpse of Anatole as he patrolled the grounds. Bruno was guarding the rear of the manor. Only a spatter of leaves still clung to the bare branches high above the ground: autumn was well and truly here. I turned away from the window and faced the room.
We were in a large study on the ground floor of the mansion. Ceiling to floor bookcases lined the walls around us. The furniture was old and sturdy. A fresh fire crackled in the hearth at the head of the room.
‘How did you know Strauss?’ I said, looking at Anna. ‘And what were the two of you working on?’
‘Hubert was a Professor in molecular genetics,’ said Anna. ‘We met twenty-five years ago, when I was working at the UPMC in Paris. At the time, we were both doing research in potential genetic therapies for cancer.’
‘So you were trying to find a cure for cancer?’ said Reid, eyebrows raised.
Anna shook her head. ‘No, not a cure, as such. We were attempting to—well, control the disease, really.’ She ran her fingers through her hair and sighed. ‘If we could affect the rate at which cancer cells replicated, we would be able to extend the life of the patient to such a time when a cure might be available,’ she explained.
I frowned, still unable to see a clear link between Strauss’s research and the Crovir Council. ‘Why did you leave Paris?’
‘Ten years ago, I received an invitation to work at the FGCZ,’ said Anna. ‘I was promised my own lab and as many research assistants as I wanted. It was too good an offer to refuse. Even Hubert agreed.’ A sad smile crossed her face. ‘Even though I left the UPMC, we kept in touch. After all, we were still working in the same field and shared common interests.’
‘Then he received the grant from GeMBiT,’ I murmured. The pieces of the puzzle were almost all there. I just couldn’t see how they fit together yet.
Anna nodded. ‘Burnstein approached him directly. Hubert was quite surprised. It seemed that the scientists at GeMBiT Corp had been keeping an eye on his research for quite some time.’
‘What was it again?’ said Reid with a frown. ‘Advanced cell—’
‘Advanced cell cycle control and DNA transposition,’ said Anna. ‘Hubert was attempting to manipulate genetic material to create some kind of “off” switch to down regulate cancer cell production.’
‘Slow down cell production and you control the cancer,’ I said, staring at her.
‘Yes,’ she replied with a nod.
‘What happened?’ I added quietly.
Anna closed her eyes briefly. When she opened them again, I could see the answer to my question in their green depths. ‘He succeeded.’
Stunned silence fell over the room. Subconsciously, I think I had known what her reply was going to be even before she uttered the words. The potential ramifications of such a find were truly staggering: whoever owned the rights to the discovery would be raking in billions every year. At that notion, a different thought crossed my mind. ‘That can’t be what this is really about,’ I said, frowning. ‘The Crovirs have more than enough money to buy the entire European continent. They couldn’t have been interested in Strauss’s research just for the financial gain.’
‘It sounds like a big enough reason to me,’ said Reid. ‘And the entire European continent? You’re kidding, right?’ he added in a tone of disbelief.
‘I’m afraid he isn’t,’ said Victor wryly. Reid paled slightly. ‘I have another snippet of information for you,’ the immortal continued, gazing at me. ‘Frederick Burnstein is actually a member of the Crovir First Council. He’s the Head of their Research & Development Section.’
Somehow, this latest news hardly came as a surprise. I stared at Anna. ‘It still doesn’t explain why the Crovirs are after you. Or why they’re trying to kill me again.’
Anna hesitated. ‘You’re right,’ she murmured. ‘Hubert discovered something else. Something far more staggering than a cure for cancer.’
Reid snorted. ‘What could be a bigger find than a cure for cancer?’
Anna glanced at him with a frustrated expression. ‘That’s the thing. I don’t know,’ she said. ‘I lost contact with Hubert before he could tell me. His last email indicated that whatever the discovery was, it would change the world as we know it forever.’
A reflective silence followed this statement. ‘You were helping him?’ I said.
Anna nodded. ‘Hubert wanted someone outside of GeMBiT to look over his work,’ she explained. ‘I guess the only one he trusted to do this objectively was me.’
I raised my eyebrows. ‘Did Burnstein know he was sharing research information with you?’
‘No,’ Anna replied, shaking her head firmly. ‘Our messages to each other were always encrypted.’
The flames in the hearth popped and crackled loudly while I absorbed this new piece of information. ‘Why did Strauss open a bank account in Zurich?’ I said after a while.
Anna’s troubled gaze shifted to the fire. ‘About two months ago, Burnstein suddenly visited Hubert in Paris. He wanted access to the latest research data. This was just after Hubert made the major breakthrough. From what he told me, Burnstein was quite forceful. Hubert got scared and contacted me.’
I frowned. ‘Was that when he went into hiding?’
Anna glanced at me. ‘He stalled for time as long as he could,’ she said. ‘When Burnstein sent some men to follow him, Hubert panicked and ran away.’
‘Is that how they got your picture?’ I said.
It was Anna’s turn to frown. ‘What picture?’ she said, puzzled.
‘We found a photograph of you and Strauss on Burnstein’s computer. You met in a restaurant, at night,’ I explained.
‘Oh.’ Anna’s expression softened. She looked at her grandfather with a faint smile. ‘Yes. That was before our trip to Italy.’
‘Where did Strauss go?’ said Reid curiously.
‘We have some mutual friends who live in the Rhône region,’ said Anna. ‘He was staying at their farm until I returned to Zurich.’ A sad light dawned in her eyes. ‘He was going to join me there.’
‘How did they find him?’ I said.
Anna frowned again. ‘I can only guess that he went back to Paris or Gif-sur-Yvette for some reason or another. The Crovirs must have been watching both addresses.’
I stared at her steadily. ‘Did you know that Burnstein was an immortal?’
‘No,’ said Anna, shaking her head. She looked at her grandfather. ‘It was only after Hubert disappeared that I discovered GeMBiT Corp was owned by a Crovir noble. I contacted Grandfather for help shortly after our return from Italy.’
‘How did you end up on the run?’ said Reid quizzically.
It was Tomas Godard who replied. ‘When I found out that the Crovir First Council was plotting something big in Europe, I suspected it was linked with Burnstein’s recent interest in Hubert and the latter’s disappearance. Anyone else involved in the matter was bound to be in danger from the Crovirs.’
‘The day after I got back from Italy, someone tried to break into my office at the FGCZ,’ Anna added quietly. ‘Thankfully, they couldn’t get past the security on the safe. Grandfather took me into hiding that very evening.’
Silence fell over the room once more. I suddenly remembered something. ‘Here, I believe this is yours.’ I took the daguerreotype from the inner pocket of my jacket and handed it to her.
‘Oh.’ Anna’s cheeks coloured as she took the frame from my grasp. ‘I thought I’d lost this.’ She rose from her chair and showed the picture to Tomas.
‘My goodness,’ murmured Godard. ‘I remember that day.’ A smile dawned on his face. ‘It was raining. You had just turned ten.’
‘Yes.’ Anna chuckled. ‘I was so bored on that trip, I must’ve driven you crazy.’
A flash of envy stabbed through me as I looked at the smiling pair. Shocked at the unexpected emotion, I turned and caught Reid’s shrewd stare. I flushed self-consciously and glanced out of the window.
‘What was in the safety deposit box in Zurich?’ Reid asked Anna while she gazed warmly at the daguerreotype.
Her head snapped up at his words. ‘How do you know about the safety deposit box?’ she said in a stunned voice.
‘We’ve been doing our own research,’ Reid replied with a shrug.
Anna stared at me. Her eyes narrowed. ‘You went to the bank?’ she said accusingly.
‘Yes,’ I said, not showing the least sign of remorse.
‘And they let you see details of the account?’ Anna sounded fairly appalled.
‘They kinda had to for Interpol Agent Petersen and FBI Agent Barnes,’ Reid said drily.
‘Oh.’ Anna blinked and settled down, though a frown still hovered over her face. ‘After what happened with Burnstein in Paris, Hubert and I decided it would be best to keep his research findings somewhere else,’ she explained in a more pacified tone. ‘We opened the Zurich account shortly after Burnstein made contact with Hubert.’
It was my turn to frown. ‘Wasn’t his latest discovery in there as well?’ I said, puzzled.
‘No. He didn’t include it in those papers.’ Anna hesitated. ‘I think he was too afraid to write down what it was exactly.’
I removed Strauss’s battered journal from my pocket. ‘Will this help?’
Anna gasped. She shot out of her chair and crossed the room to where I stood. ‘Where did you find this?’ she whispered hoarsely. She touched the journal reverently, her fingers lingering on the cover.
‘At Gif-sur-Yvette,’ I replied. The scent of oranges wafted faintly from her hair. I tried not to inhale the heady smell. ‘He hid it inside a locker,’ I added, deliberately avoiding Reid’s gaze.
Anna took the diary from my hands and leafed through the last few pages. Her brow furrowed. She glanced at me quickly. ‘Did you find something else with this?’ she said, her movements and tone growing desperate as she riffled through the rest of the journal.
‘Yes. There was a memory stick.’ I paused guiltily. ‘I’m afraid we lost it when we were getting away from the Crovir Hunters.’
‘What’s wrong?’ said Victor, coming to stand by her side.
‘Hubert encrypted the last twenty pages of the journal,’ said Anna. Her frown deepened while she gazed at the last entry in the diary. ‘The cipher must be on the memory stick.’
I stared at her. ‘Haven’t you used the same ones in the past?’
Anna shook her head. ‘No. We changed them all the time. Part of the challenge was decoding them.’ She looked puzzled. ‘I’ve never seen this one before. It looks like it might be a stacked cipher.’
‘What’s that?’ said Reid, frowning.
‘It’s a combination of different ciphers used together in a series,’ said Anna slowly, staring blindly ahead. ‘It’s quite difficult to unravel.’
‘Do you think you can decrypt it?’ I said tensely.
Anna glanced at me distractedly. ‘Given time, yes, probably.’
‘How much time?’ said Reid. ‘’Cause I get the feeling we’re running out of that precious commodity.’
Reid’s words mirrored my own thoughts. The feeling of trepidation that had been humming through my veins since the incident at the canal in Vienna had intensified when I heard what Strauss’s research was about. I sensed that speed was now of the essence in our race to find out what the Crovirs were up to.
Anna’s gaze switched from the journal to Victor. I could see wheels turning behind her eyes. ‘I need a computer,’ she said briskly. ‘And a few other things.’
‘Write down what you want,’ said Victor with a curt nod. ‘We’ll get it for you.’ Five minutes later, she handed him a short inventory. Victor made a call on his cell and listed the items that Anna had put down to the person on the other end of the line. He gave Bruno an address. ‘Go to this place. They should have everything ready by the time you get there.’
The bodyguard returned with a boxful of equipment around midnight. ‘Do you need a hand?’ I asked Anna as she started to unpack a laptop.
Her eyebrows rose slightly. ‘Are you any good with this stuff?’ she said, indicating the array of hardware laid out on the mahogany desk in the study.
I shrugged noncommittally. ‘I’m not too bad with them.’ I ignored Reid’s muffled snort from across the room.
Anna studied me for several seconds. ‘All right,’ she said, nodding curtly. ‘I should insist that you get some rest, but I could do with the help.’
On the other side of the desk, Tomas Godard turned to Victor. ‘Have you received any news from your father?’
Victor shook his head. ‘No. According to our intel, the spokespersons for the Crovir First Council have denied all knowledge of the incidents in Vienna and Vilanec,’ he said with a frown.
Tomas scowled. ‘They’re stalling for time,’ he said gruffly. ‘Has Roman or another member of the Bastian First Council actually spoken to Vellacrus yet?’
‘She’s currently unreachable,’ said Victor drily.
The old man was quiet for some time. ‘She’s playing a dangerous game,’ he murmured finally, staring at the flames in the hearth. His worried gaze shifted to Victor. ‘We all know that the attempt on your life is grounds enough for an official challenge to the Crovirs.’
‘That doesn’t sound good,’ said Reid in the taut silence that followed.
Tomas sighed and shook his head tiredly. ‘It isn’t. If the immortal war was to start again, thousands of humans would be caught in the crossfire.’ The scowl returned to his face. ‘I’m not about to let six hundred and twenty years of peace end because of that damn woman.’
‘That won’t happen,’ said Victor with an adamant shake of his head. ‘Roman and the entire Order of Bastian Hunters will be behind us. He’s talking to the rest of our Councils as we speak.’ He paused. ‘Besides, you forget. We have friends among the Crovirs,’ he added quietly.
Tomas Godard hesitated before nodding slightly. ‘I hope you’re right, for all our sake.’
‘You should try and get some sleep,’ said Anna softly. She walked around the desk and placed a hand on her grandfather’s arm. ‘This is going to take a while.’
The others retired for the night. Alone in the study, Anna and I spent the next few hours poring over the information in Strauss’s journal and cross referencing the encrypted paragraphs with online deciphering programs. Time and time again, we hit a dead end.
‘This is impossible,’ Anna finally murmured just after two am. She ran a hand through her tousled hair, leaned back in the chair and closed her eyes.
I lifted the journal from the desk and randomly leafed through the encrypted pages. ‘How did you usually come up with the ciphers?’ I asked curiously.
A sigh left Anna’s lips. She opened her eyes and fixed me with a green stare. ‘They were mostly about things we had in common. Places we had been to, work we had done together in the past, even the music that we liked.’ She paused, a sad smile dawning on her face. ‘It was a bit of a game for Hubert. He loved nothing more than coming up with the most intricate ciphers.’
My fingers stilled on the last page on the journal. There was a small diagram in the margin that I had not paid particular attention to before. I pointed it out to Anna. ‘What’s this?’
Anna studied the sketch. ‘That’s a drawing of an Okazaki fragment,’ she said. ‘It’s a short section of genetic material created during DNA replication,’ she added at my puzzled expression. A tired chuckle left her lips. ‘He liked to doodle.’
I gazed at Anna blindly. The feeling that I had just touched on something significant would not go away. ‘I think I saw something similar earlier.’ I thumbed back over the pages and paused seconds later. I tapped my finger over a second drawing at the edge of the paper. ‘Here.’
Anna frowned at the diagram. Her eyes slowly widened. ‘It isn’t similar.’ She leaned over the journal. ‘It’s an exact mirror image of the other one,’ she said with rising excitement.
We stared at each other. ‘He drew them at the start and at the end of the encrypted pages,’ I stated tensely.
Thirty minutes later, after carefully piecing together the forty pairs of Okazaki fragments scattered across twenty pages of text, we had the first cipher. It took another hour to uncover the other two.
‘He used a combination of a polyalphabetic substitution, a transposition and a date shift cipher based on the first, middle and last encrypted pages,’ Anna whispered breathlessly while we stared at the three algorithms scribbled across a sheet of paper.
‘Is that common?’ I knew a little about the art of cryptography from my previous involvement in wars over the last four centuries. These days, I mostly relied on the power of the latest computer software to solve any complicated codes I came across.
‘No.’ Anna paused. ‘Even a professional cryptanalyst would have struggled with this. Had you not spotted the significance of the Okazaki fragment, we would have been at this for days.’ She looked at me gratefully.
I stayed silent, suddenly aware of how close we sat. I rose to hide my unease and offered to make coffee while she deciphered the encrypted sheets. An hour later, Anna was on the final page of Strauss’ diary. I watched her writing grow slower as she double-checked her work. Finally, she stopped and put the pen down carefully.
‘Dear God,’ she murmured in a shaky voice. ‘No wonder he didn’t want to put this on paper.’
I studied her pale face anxiously. ‘What is it?’
Anna glanced at me with a distracted expression. ‘Remember the “off” switch I was talking about?’
‘You mean the one that can slow down cancer cell production?’ I said. She nodded. ‘What about it?’ I added in a patient tone.
Anna stared at me. ‘Hubert found an “on” switch,’ she said flatly.
I frowned, unable to grasp the significance of her words. ‘What does that mean?’
Anna’s eyes reflected the fear in her voice. ‘It means that he discovered a way to control the cell cycle.’
‘When you say control the cell cycle ...’ I trailed off as understanding finally began to dawn. I felt my blood grow cold.
‘If what is written here is true, he has uncovered the Holy Grail of science,’ said Anna. ‘He’s made a genetically modified cell that can never die.’
‘Immortality,’ I said numbly.
Anna shook her head. ‘No, not just immortality as we understand it. At the rate at which this cell would be able to replicate, it means true immortality.’
My stunned voice broke the ensuing deadly silence. ‘You mean, beyond seventeen deaths?’
‘Yes,’ said Anna. A frown clouded her face. She turned to the desk and rifled through the papers from the Zurich deposit box. ‘But there’s something I don’t understand.’
‘What?’ I murmured, still trying to absorb the staggering implication behind Strauss’s research findings.
‘Hubert used a sequence of techniques both of us had worked with in the past,’ Anna said, clearly puzzled. ‘The only difference between the experiments would have to be—’ She suddenly froze and went ashen. ‘Oh, no,’ she whispered slowly, gazing blindly ahead in horror.
‘Anna?’ I rose from my seat when she stood up abruptly and ran from the room. Her footsteps faded on the stairs. I was still standing there frowning when she returned moments later, a metal flask in her hands. My eyes widened. ‘Is that—’
‘Yes. From that day at the Hauptbahnhof,’ Anna replied breathlessly. ‘This is what Helena was bringing me.’
‘What is it?’
Anna opened the canister and carefully removed a slim vial from it. I stared at the crimson liquid inside. ‘Is that blood?’ I said quietly.
‘Yes.’ Anna’s gaze shifted to me. ‘I have to get to a lab,’ she said, her voice edged with desperation.
I studied the nervous apprehension in her eyes. ‘Why?’ I said finally. Something was tugging at the back of my brain. As I stared at the vial in her hand, I felt a cold suspicion trickle through my thoughts.
‘I need to test this sample,’ said Anna. I opened my mouth to voice another question. She raised a hand and stopped me. ‘Please,’ she added tremulously. ‘I just have to do this. It’s the only way I’ll know for sure.’
I studied her stricken expression for a moment longer before turning to the computer. ‘What kind of lab do you need?’





Chapter Fifteen


At five in the morning, the Prague Institute of Molecular Genetics was dark and deserted. We broke in through a side door and went in search of the Functional Genomics and Bioinformatics department.
Reid and Anatole took up guard duty outside the room while Anna and I entered the lab.
‘How long will this take?’ I said, switching on the overhead lights.
‘Two hours at the most,’ Anna replied. She walked around the room, her face brightening while she studied the array of machines humming quietly on the countertops: already, her eyes held a far-away gaze. She found some gloves and removed the vial of blood from the metal canister. After carefully placing one drop from it into a smaller tube, she turned to me. ‘Can I have your sword?’
I stared at her, nonplussed.
‘I need a sample of my blood,’ Anna explained quietly. I lifted the wakizashi from my waist and passed it across reluctantly.
She nicked the tip of her thumb with the edge of the short blade and dripped a few scarlet droplets into a second vial. I removed a band-aid from the first aid kit on the wall next to the sink and wrapped it gently around her finger. ‘Thank you,’ Anna said softly.
‘You’re welcome,’ I murmured. I took a seat in the corner of the room and silently watched her work.
Anna moved swiftly from one complicated apparatus to another, her fingers gliding confidently over keypads and dials. All the while, a tiny frown wrinkled her brow. I looked out of the window, unsettled as always by the complex feelings her presence engendered: if Reid had been in the room, he would no doubt have had a sickening leer on his face.
Forty minutes later, Anna came and took a seat next to me. ‘Now we wait,’ she said at my questioning gaze.
The next hour passed at a snail's pace while we watched a large machine hum quietly. Just as the sun peeked above the horizon and cast a pale light through the windows of the lab, Anna finally pulled a sheet of paper out of the printer attached to the instrument. She stared at the data crowding the page for timeless seconds. ‘It’s done,’ she said in a flat tone.
We left the campus and headed back to the estate.
Traffic had picked up and Anatole guided the new Volkswagen Transporter carefully through the busy streets. Anna remained subdued during the drive, green eyes gazing blindly at the landscape outside the window; I remained silent by her side, certain that my suspicions about the vial of blood would prove to be correct.
Victor and Tomas were waiting for us when we reached the mansion. ‘Well?’ said Godard anxiously as we entered the foyer. ‘What is this all about?’
Anna had deliberately refused to answer any questions a few hours ago, when we roused the rest of the household to organise our small expedition to the Prague Institute of Molecular Genetics. She studied her grandfather dully. ‘You had better sit down.’
After we gathered in the kitchen, Anna removed the metal canister out of the bag she had clutched with white-knuckled fingers during our trip. Her hands shook slightly when she placed it on the table in front of her. With her gaze fixed on the silver flask, she took a deep breath and started to talk.
‘Six months ago, I sent Hubert a sample of blood to use in his experiments. I am certain it’s this particular specimen that helped provide the breakthrough in his research.’ Anna hesitated and glanced around the table. ‘Hubert’s discovery was—immortality.’
Stunned silence descended on the room. ‘What?’ Victor said incredulously.
‘Hubert created a genetically altered cell that can replicate forever,’ said Anna.
‘You mean—’ Tomas started.
‘Yes,’ Anna interrupted with a sombre expression. ‘He made a cell that can never die.’
The shock that coursed through the room was almost palpable. Bruno let out a soft whistle under his breath.
‘No wonder the Crovirs are stirred up,’ Victor finally said grimly.
My eyes never left Anna’s face. Although I knew the answer, I still had to ask the question. ‘It was your blood, wasn’t it?’ I said carefully.
Anna’s head came up. She met my gaze unflinchingly. ‘Yes,’ she whispered.
This time, the silence that ensued was almost deafening. ‘Why on Earth did you—’ said Tomas Godard. He stopped and swallowed convulsively, visibly struggling for words.
A low chuckle left Anna’s lips as she stared down at her hands. ‘Why did I give him a sample of my blood? Well, they do say that the best scientists experiment on themselves.’ There was no humor in her laughter.
‘Hang on,’ said Reid. He was frowning. ‘Surely, this isn’t the first time that immortal blood has been used in some kind of research or another. Burnstein sounds like the kinda guy who would’ve tried something like this already.’
‘You’re right,’ said Anna. She looked physically drained. ‘I’ve sent Hubert several samples of blood from other immortals in the last few years.’ She sighed. ‘I’ve even used some in my own research.’
‘But it never worked before,’ I said flatly.
Anna glanced at me. ‘No,’ she concurred.
Victor frowned. ‘What are you saying?’ he murmured, glancing from Anna to me.
‘It’s my blood,’ said Anna harshly. ‘There must be something in my blood that—that finally made the experiment work, somehow!’
Tomas Godard went pale at her words. He glanced at me with an unreadable expression.
‘That’s why the Crovirs are after you,’ I said in the hush that followed. ‘Burnstein must have found out that Hubert used your sample in his research.’
Anna shook her head vehemently. ‘Hubert didn’t know it was my blood,’ she said. ‘Even if he knew, he would never have betrayed me.’
‘I’m not saying he did,’ I said. ‘The information that the sample originated from you could’ve been somewhere in his lab.’
‘If the Crovirs don’t know the blood was yours, then they must be after you to find out whose it was,’ said Victor. He looked at Anna guardedly. ‘Did Strauss know that you were an immortal?’
‘No,’ said Anna. ‘But I’m sure he must have suspected something. After all, I’ve hardly aged in the last twenty-five years.’
Logs hissed and popped in the fireplace. ‘What now?’ said Reid.
Victor leaned back in his chair. ‘We need to determine exactly what the Crovirs are intending to do with this knowledge,’ he said with a frown. ‘Burnstein must be working directly with Vellacrus. Only she or Felix could have rallied so many Hunters in such a short time.’
Tomas’s gaze shifted from Anna to me. ‘It doesn’t explain why they’re after Lucas though,’ he said in a troubled voice.
Olsson’s words suddenly rose in my mind. I had been puzzled by them at the time and still was to a certain extent. ‘Mikael said I was the only one who stood in their way.’
‘In the way of what though?’ said Victor in a frustrated voice. The immortal rose from his seat. ‘Enough of this! Let’s see what the First Council has for us.’ He strode out of the room with the cell in hand.
The back door opened and Anatole strolled in. The immortal was no longer limping and appeared to have pretty much recovered from his wounds. ‘Right, we’ve got eggs for breakfast, and look what I caught us for lunch.’ He grinned and lifted a dead pheasant in his right hand. The grave mood that permeated the room finally made an impression on him. ‘What’s with the gloomy faces?’ His smile faltered. ‘Did someone die?’
Bruno sighed. ‘Just give me the goddamned eggs,’ he muttered.
Victor returned to the kitchen moments later, a thoughtful look on his face. ‘I just spoke to Oktav. They caught Pinchter in Suben. He was trying to cross the border into Germany.’
‘That bastard,’ Anatole said under his breath.
‘They’re taking him to Linz,’ Victor continued, ignoring the interruption. A grim smile dawned on the immortal’s lips. He stared at Bruno and Anatole. ‘I’m sending the two of you to collect him.’ The bodyguard and the driver glanced at each other meaningfully.
Dvorsky’s eyes narrowed. ‘You’re not allowed to rough him up,’ he added tersely.
‘You really take all the fun out of this job,’ Anatole muttered with a sigh.
Victor slapped him lightly on the shoulder. ‘Don’t worry. It doesn’t mean I’ll stop you from doing so once he’s here.’
Anna frowned. ‘You’re going to torture him?’
Victor grimaced. ‘Not exactly. But we need some answers.’
Tomas Godard scowled. ‘They’re trying to kill you and Lucas,’ he said gruffly, glancing at his granddaughter. ‘I wouldn’t mind having a go at the man myself.’
‘That’s the spirit, Gramps!’ said Anatole with an enthusiastic grin, punching the air with his fist. He sobered at Victor’s expression. ‘Sorry, boss.’
The two immortals left the manor a short time later. The sound of the Transporter’s tires grinding across gravel gradually faded in the distance.
I studied the dark circles under Anna’s eyes. ‘You should get some rest,’ I said quietly.
‘So should you,’ Anna retorted. She paused and frowned. ‘I should really check your wounds first though.’
I nodded awkwardly. We left the kitchen and walked up the stairs to my room. I sat on the edge of the bed and carefully shrugged out of my shirt, wincing when the movement stretched bruised muscles. Anna knelt before me and gently took down the dressings that covered my ribcage.
‘They’re healing well,’ she said after a while, her fingers fluttering over my skin while she examined my injuries. They paused over a faint scar next to my birthmark. She looked at me questioningly.
‘That’s from last week,’ I said stiffly.
Her gaze shifted. ‘And this one?’
I glanced at the recent bullet wound she indicated. ‘Last week as well, I’m afraid,’ I murmured.
A faint smile crossed her face. ‘You’ve been busy.’ The now sweetly familiar and strangely intoxicating scent of oranges wafted from her hair and the skin on her nape inches from my face. Something tightened in my gut.
Anna suddenly rose to her feet. ‘There’s no need for further dressings,’ she stated briskly, avoiding my eyes. A flush tainted her cheekbones. ‘Just be careful you don’t reopen your wounds.’
I stared at the door long after she had gone. Finally, I lay down on the bed and closed my eyes. Even though I was bone-tired, sleep proved elusive. A dozen questions still clamoured for answers in my mind. What did surviving my seventeenth death mean? Would I survive my eighteenth death? And the ones after that? And who had Olsson meant when he said that the man who killed his father held me dear to his heart? Was that man Tomas Godard? What were the Crovirs planning to do with Strauss’s research findings?
Sometime around noon, I drifted into a light slumber.
The sun was sinking towards the horizon when a noise woke me hours later. I blinked at the orange light pouring in through the curtains. The noise came again. I sat up and frowned. It had originated from elsewhere in the mansion.
I rose from the bed, gathered my swords and guns, and left the room.
Angry voices erupted from the direction of the foyer as I headed towards the stairs. I paused at the top and studied the scene below.
Bruno and Anatole stood holding a man in the middle of the dimly lit vestibule. A thick hood covered the stranger’s head and face. Anatole reached out and yanked it off unceremoniously. The man staggered forward a step and blinked in the light.
He was short and sported a ferret-like face. Blood trickled from his broken nose and his split lip, staining the white shirt under his brown leather jacket. His hands were tied behind his back.
‘What is the meaning of this—this transgression?!’ the little man shouted, struggling in his captors’ grip. ‘If you don’t release me right now, the First Council will hear of this!’ He glared at Bruno and Anatole.
‘The First Council already knows,’ said a voice in a quiet yet ominous tone. ‘In fact, as Head of Counter Terrorism, I don’t even need their approval to arrest you.’ A shadow detached itself from the wall.
The man looked around and visibly blanched. ‘Victor,’ he whispered hoarsely. He stared at Dvorsky. Seconds later, his gimlet eyes hardened. ‘Does Roman know about this?’ he said stiffly.
‘Not only does he know, he thoroughly approves,’ Victor said coldly. ‘After all, Marcus, you tried to kill his only son and successor.’
This time the man went as white as a sheet. ‘It wasn’t me, it was the Crovirs,’ he mumbled incoherently. ‘And they weren’t trying to kill you. They were only after the woman.’ He glanced at Anna, who stood watching silently from the doorway of the study. Tomas Godard appeared behind her.
Pinchter’s eyes widened. ‘What—what are you doing here?!’
‘You mean you didn’t know when you betrayed us in Vienna?’ Victor said harshly. ‘Anna is Tomas Godard’s granddaughter.’
‘No,’ Pinchter murmured, a hunted expression dawning in his eyes. His gaze never left Tomas’s face. ‘I swear to God, I didn’t know. The Crovirs never told—’ He lapsed into abrupt silence.
‘So you do admit that you were helping the Crovirs?’ said Victor.
Pinchter shook his head wildly. I started down the stairs. He looked up, his frantic gaze finally falling on me. His eyes widened further still. ‘The half-breed?! But that’s impossible! You died! Felix Thorne himself—’
I paused at the foot of the staircase and studied Marcus Pinchter coolly.
‘“Felix Thorne himself killed you”. Is that what you were about to say?’ Victor said silkily in the taut silence that followed. ‘The interesting thing is, he did. And, as you can see, the “half-breed” survived his seventeenth death.’ Victor glanced at me with hooded eyes. ‘It’s our little secret for now and I would like to keep it so.’
Victor crossed the hall and placed an arm casually around Pinchter’s shoulders. ‘Now you, my dear man, need to share some of your own secrets with us. Bruno and Anatole have volunteered to keep you company while you divulge these useful pearls of wisdom to me.’
‘I can’t,’ Pinchter said flatly. ‘Vellacrus will have my head on a plate if I say any more than this.’
Victor stared at him. ‘Look at it this way,’ he said stonily. ‘You will die, here, today, if you don’t tell me what I need to know.’ He paused. ‘However, if the information you provide us with turns out to be useful, I promise that I’ll do my best to keep you from the clutches of that woman.’
‘That’s impossible,’ said Pinchter dully. ‘You have no idea what you’re up against this time. Vellacrus is—’ He stopped and clamped his lips shut.
Victor patted Pinchter’s back in a friendly manner and motioned to Bruno and Anatole. ‘Fear not, Marcus. You’ll talk. I promise you that at least.’ He headed along the corridor that led to the kitchen and opened the door to the cellar. ‘Down here if you please, gentlemen.’ Pinchter’s protests faded as he disappeared below ground. The door closed softly behind the four men.
Cigarette smoke wafted past my head. I glanced over my shoulder. ‘He’s a scary man,’ said Reid, strolling down the stairs behind me.
‘He needs to be,’ said Tomas Godard with a heartfelt sigh. ‘He’s the future leader of the Bastians.’
An hour later, footsteps rose outside the study. Victor opened the door and walked into the room. ‘This is taking too long,’ he murmured, absent-mindedly rubbing the bloodied knuckles on his right hand. The skin had broken over them. Anna looked away with a frown.
‘Can we help?’ said Reid mildly.
Victor glanced at us. His gaze focused on me. ‘Yes, I think you can, actually,’ he said thoughtfully.
The cellar under the mansion was large and cool. Racks of dust-covered wine bottles occupied a generous portion of the extensive floor space. At one end of the vault, Pinchter sat tied to a chair in front of a small table. Bruno stood silently behind him. Anatole leaned against the wall to the side, a frown darkening his normally jovial countenance.
Pinchter’s face was a bloodied pulp. His nose was broken in at least three places and his left eye was swollen shut. His right wrist was twisted at an odd angle. Undaunted, the little man spat out a cracked tooth and sneered. ‘What now, Victor? You’re going to set the rest of your dogs loose on me?’ He glared at us out of his bloodshot right eye.
‘Just let me shoot him,’ muttered Anatole.
Victor shook his head. ‘No, that would be far too easy. I have a better idea.’ He studied Pinchter coolly. ‘I’m going to leave you in the hands of the “half-breed”, as you like to call him.’
My eyes narrowed at Dvorsky’s words.
Pinchter’s widened. ‘You wouldn’t dare.’
Victor smiled grimly. ‘Oh, but I would.’
The prisoner glanced at me and snorted. ‘He couldn’t do anything even if he wanted to. Look at him!’ An ugly grimace crossed the Bastian’s lips. ‘You know as well as I do that he has never attacked an immortal. All he ever does is run!’
Reid took a step forward. I put a hand on his arm and felt the rigid tension running through him. ‘It’s all right,’ I said quietly, my eyes never leaving Pinchter’s battered face.
‘See? Your half-breed is nothing but a coward!’ the little man continued derisively. ‘Every Hunter knows it. How such a weakling could come from the bloodline of Tomas Godard—’ He stopped abruptly.
A hush fell across the vault.
‘The tip of this blade is exactly an inch from your heart,’ I said slowly. Marcus Pinchter gulped. His frozen gaze drifted downward and stopped on the wakizashi partially embedded in his ribcage. ‘I believe you’re aware of my abilities?’ I added in the same neutral tone.
The little man nodded once.
I was surprised at how calm I felt. The anger that had been burning inside me for days seemed to have melted away. In its place was another, even stronger emotion.
‘You’re right,’ I stated, more to myself than to him. ‘So far, I have only ever killed to defend myself.’ I watched understanding begin to dawn on the man’s startled face. ‘I think I’m beginning to grasp why Vellacrus wants me out of the way.’ I stared into Pinchter’s horrified gaze and nudged the blade slightly. The immortal gasped. Blood seeped onto his shirt. ‘It’s because I truly am the only one who can stop her.’ My lips parted in a small smile. ‘I believe that’s what Mikael meant when he said those words to me.’ The expression in Pinchter’s eyes confirmed my suspicions. I leaned forward. Pinchter moved back in the chair as far as he could go. ‘Thank you. It makes sense now. I’ve been running for a long time.’ I paused deliberately. ‘I won’t anymore.’
Twenty minutes later, Reid and I entered the study after Dvorsky.
‘Well?’ said Tomas. He studied our grim faces anxiously.
‘Vellacrus is gathering all the Crovir Hunters,’ Victor announced flatly. ‘They’ll be in Europe tonight.’





Chapter Sixteen


Roman Dvorsky was an older and thinner version of his son. Though disease had ravaged his immortal body and added deep lines to his face, he walked with a confident step born of a natural leader. ‘Victor.’ He crossed the foyer and hugged his son.
‘Father,’ Victor murmured back.
The Head of the Order of Bastian Hunters looked around the entrance hall with shrewd eyes. ‘It’s good to see you looking so well,’ he said to Tomas Godard, who stood at the side. His gaze shifted to Godard’s right. ‘And this must be your granddaughter.’ Anna returned the older man’s stare steadily and nodded once. The dark, piercing eyes finally fell on me. I was subjected to a long and penetrating stare. ‘Lucas Thorne,’ he said softly.
I frowned at the name. ‘I prefer Soul.’
Leaden silence fell across the foyer. Roman Dvorsky studied me thoughtfully. ‘Soul it is then,’ he said. ‘I guess I owe you a long-overdue apology.’
Victor’s father had not travelled alone: the Dvorskies’ estate was literally swarming with Bastian Hunters. They had arrived in a large convoy of transporter vans and SUVs earlier that day and were busy setting up a security perimeter around the grounds.
I had been receiving guarded looks for most of the morning.
‘Bet they make you feel twitchy, huh?’ said Reid. He leaned against the window frame next to me and gazed outside. We had retired to the study while Roman Dvorsky and the other members of the Bastian First Council gathered in the kitchen for a meeting. The lawn in front of the mansion was crawling with immortals.
‘I guess they’re on our side now,’ I said cautiously.
Reid shifted and stretched his wounded arm. ‘Well, they do say that the enemy of my enemy is my friend,’ he murmured. I remained silent; I had a feeling that the majority of the Bastian Hunters out there would not be subscribing to a similar viewpoint.
‘How’s your arm by the way?’ I said with a frown.
Reid shrugged. ‘Much better than I thought it’d be,’ he said thoughtfully. ‘The bullet wound in my chest has pretty much healed up as well.’
The door opened behind us. Bruno paused on the threshold. ‘The boss is asking for you.’ He hesitated. ‘Mr Roman is who I mean.’ I glanced at Reid. He shrugged again. We turned and followed the bodyguard to the back of the manor house.
Several armed Hunters stood to attention next to the windows and doors of the kitchen. Some visibly stiffened when I came into the room.
The Godards and the Dvorskies were already seated at the table. A number of unfamiliar faces occupied the chairs around them.
‘I’ve updated my father about recent events,’ said Victor, giving me a small nod. He indicated an empty seat at the end of the table. ‘Come, join us.’
I crossed the floor and took the chair. Reid shifted and leaned against the wall next to me. He folded his arms, nodded amiably at the Hunter beside him and assumed a bored air. Uneasy silence ensued.
It was broken by a stout man with the expression of a bulldog who sat on the other side of Victor. ‘Look here.’ The immortal turned to Roman with a look of clear distaste on his face. ‘Do you really expect us to work together with this—half-breed?’ He gestured vaguely in my direction.
Tomas Godard went rigid. Anna placed a hand on his arm. She was also frowning. ‘I will not have you speak so of my grandson,’ said the former leader of the Bastian Hunters with narrowed eyes.
The stranger subsided in his chair. ‘I mean you no disrespect, Tomas,’ he said, gazing coolly at the older man. ‘However, you have to agree that your grandson’s existence defies the conventions of our society.’
A sigh left Roman Dvorsky’s lips. ‘All right, everyone calm down.’ He turned and addressed the man with the bulldog face. ‘We’ve already gone over this, Costas,’ he said in a patient voice. ‘Soul came off our wanted list a long time ago. We have no grief with him.’
‘Still, to have someone like him share a table with the most senior members of the Bastian Councils is deplorable, not to mention a clear breach of our rules,’ grumbled the man named Costas.
There was a low grunt beside me. ‘Who made those rules?’ Reid said in a hard voice.
Costas’s gaze shifted past me. He studied my partner coolly. ‘And you are?’
‘A friend,’ said Reid. ‘For now.’
The Bastian noble frowned. ‘The affairs of immortals do not concern you, human,’ he stated dismissively.
Reid struck a match and lit a cigarette. He ignored Anna’s scowl and nonchalantly blew out a couple of smoke rings. ‘Correct me if I’m wrong,’ he drawled, ‘but it seems to me that the “half-breed” and the “human” pretty much saved your immortal asses in the last few days.’
Costas snorted. ‘I heard you nearly got yourself killed,’ he said derisively.
‘Well, I gotta admit, when it comes to dying, you do have the advantage of me,’ Reid said steadily.
I glanced at him. ‘It’s okay,’ I murmured. I turned and studied the faces around the table before levelling a steady stare at the man next to Victor. ‘Let’s get something clear,’ I said, making no attempt to hide the coldness in my voice. ‘I have no love lost for you or most other immortals, be they Crovir or Bastian. As far as I’m concerned, you can continue to have your petty squabbles for the rest of eternity.’ I frowned. ‘Unfortunately, the current situation concerns us all. This is a matter of survival, pure and simple. You need me.’ I paused. ‘And for the time being, as much as I hate to admit this, it appears that I need you.’ My eyes narrowed further. ‘Whatever Agatha Vellacrus is plotting, she believed that I was the only one who could stop her. That’s the reason why the Crovir Hunters have been after me for the last two weeks.’ I glanced at my grandfather. ‘And I hear that for Felix Thorne to personally come out on a Hunt is practically unheard of.’
The man next to Roman shifted uneasily in his seat. ‘Thorne is here?’
‘Yes,’ Victor’s father replied wearily. He hesitated before adding, ‘He killed Soul a few days ago, outside the safe house in Vilanec.’
‘And it was his seventeenth death at that,’ Anatole announced cheerfully in the silence that followed. His eyebrows rose at Victor’s expression. ‘What?’ the driver said innocently. Next to him, Bruno closed his eyes and shook his head slightly.
‘We were trying to keep that fact a secret for as long as possible,’ Victor said grimly.
‘Oh.’ Anatole grimaced. ‘Sorry boss, but half the men out there know about it already.’ He cleared his throat. ‘Won’t be long till the other half finds out either,’ he added under his breath.
Costas had gone red in the face. ‘Impossible!’ the Bastian noble snarled, almost spitting in his fury. He rose abruptly from the table, the chair clattering behind him. ‘You’re lying! There’s no way he could have survived his seventeenth death!’ He turned to Roman. ‘This is a grotesque farce, Roman! I demand that you—’
‘Costas is right,’ the man on the other side of Tomas Godard interrupted harshly. ‘No immortal has ever lived beyond seventeen deaths.’
‘Soul did,’ Victor stated loudly above the furore that followed. Dvorsky’s voice had an edge of steel to it. ‘I was there.’ He waited until the rumble of voices died down. ‘And you forget. No one in our history has the ability that he has.’ A hush fell over the room. The other Council members shared guarded glances.
‘How is that possible?’ Costas said flatly. One of the Hunters pulled his chair up. He sat down slowly, a stormy frown still clouding his face.
Victor glanced at me, his own expression vaguely troubled. ‘No one knows the answer to that question. But I think we should hide this fact from the Crovirs for as long as possible. If they believe that Lucas is out of their way, they will get bolder. And they may let their guard slip.’
The man next to Roman leaned forward on his elbows. ‘What do you have in mind?’ he said, his eyes sparkling brightly.
The immortals all stared at Victor expectantly. He glanced at his father. The leader of the Bastian Hunters nodded slightly. ‘First and foremost, we must protect Anna Godard,’ Victor said firmly. ‘She appears to be a crucial component to Vellacrus’s plan. We cannot let her fall into the hands of the Crovirs at any cost.’
Anna’s eyes narrowed at his words. ‘Wait a minute. That’s going a bit far,’ she said harshly.
‘My dear, as much as I dislike admitting it, Victor’s right,’ said Tomas. ‘I would hate to think what that woman would do to you if she had you in her grasp.’
Anna sat back in her seat. ‘So what, I’m just supposed to hide and let others get killed because of me?’ she said bitterly. A sigh of frustration left her lips. ‘That makes me feel so—useless!’
‘You’re not,’ I said quietly. ‘If we find out what Vellacrus is up to, you may be the only one who can put a stop to it.’ With Anna’s knowledge of Strauss’s research, I had every confidence that she would get to the bottom of what the Crovirs were plotting and find a solution to the problem. As I was rapidly discovering, she was too stubborn to resist a challenge.
Anna gazed at me steadily. ‘All right,’ she muttered. The frown still marred her brow. ‘But no pointless heroics, okay?’ she added in a warning tone. I smiled faintly in response.
‘That’s not the entire plan, is it?’ said Costas incredulously. ‘Surely we do not need the whole Order of the Bastian Hunters just to keep one woman safe?’
‘No. There’s more,’ said Victor. He looked at his father pointedly.
‘Vellacrus arrived in Prague last night,’ said Roman. ‘She wasn’t alone. Almost the entire Order of the Crovir Hunters came with her.’ Shocked murmurs broke around the table at this news. ‘The Crovir First Council will be meeting this evening at Kazimir Benisek’s mansion,’ Roman continued. He paused until the mutters died down. ‘Victor and I are intending to drop in for a visit.’
Stunned silence followed this statement. ‘That’s suicide,’ the man next to Roman said dully.
I stared at Victor and his father with a frown. The Council member was right. What the Dvorskies were proposing was madness. Then, I saw the glint in Victor’s eyes.
‘No, Grigoriye. Suicide would be going in without a plan,’ said Victor with a faint smile. He gestured to Bruno. The bodyguard stepped up to the table and spread a map on the top. A series of high-definition satellite and surveillance photos were pinned to it. ‘Roman and I will go in through the main gates with an appropriate-sized escort,’ he said, pointing at a section of the map and a corresponding picture. ‘We’ll have a team of Hunters waiting here, here and here,’ he indicated three spots on the periphery, ‘in case there’s any trouble.’ He straightened and looked around the table. ‘The aim is simple, gentlemen. We want to surprise and confuse the Crovirs. They will not be expecting this.’ He studied the expressions of incredulity on the faces of the other Council members. ‘Roman and I will pretend to be passing through Prague on our way to Budapest,’ he continued, unperturbed. ‘Vellacrus will not dare do something to us in the open; not in front of the entire Crovir Council. And you forget. We have allies among the Crovirs. Not everyone wishes to see another immortal war.’
There was a long pause. ‘And what exactly are you hoping to achieve with this ill-advised and hare-brained move?’ said Costas, his face bearing a look that managed to combine disbelief with disgust.
‘Well, I doubt that Vellacrus will just come out and tell us the details of her plans,’ said Victor. His smile turned grim. ‘No. We’re just the decoy.’
Grigoriye frowned. ‘The decoy?’ he repeated, his puzzled frown mirroring the others around the table.
‘Yes,’ said Victor. ‘While we distract Vellacrus and the Council, another team will infiltrate the mansion to gather information about what the Crovirs are plotting. Benisek is Felix Thorne’s chief intelligence officer. I’m certain there’ll be a lot of data in that place.’ He tapped a finger on the blown-up photograph of the manor and leaned back in his seat. ‘This team needs to be small; three, four men at the most. They will have to be in and out of there before we leave the estate.’ He studied the faces around the table. I was hardly surprised when his gaze found mine. ‘I propose Lucas, Reid, Bruno and Anatole. They worked well together in Vienna.’
A grin lit up Anatole’s face. ‘Now we’re talking,’ he muttered excitedly.
Anna scowled at Victor. ‘That sounds too risky.’
‘On the contrary,’ said Victor, his eyes never leaving my face. ‘If anyone can overcome the Crovir Hunters, it’s Soul.’ He paused. ‘What do you say?’
I stared at the immortal for several seconds. The plan was bold and utterly foolish: the chances of us making it out of the Crovir compound unscathed were slim at best. Still, I could not shake the feeling that our time was running out. We had to get some answers, and fast. ‘I’m in,’ I said steadily.
Victor’s gaze shifted to my side. ‘Hasley?’
Reid glanced at me questioningly. I shrugged, silently indicating that the choice was his to make. He stepped away from the wall and crushed the cigarette butt in an ashtray on the table. ‘Ninety-nine-point-nine percent chance of getting captured or killed. Zero-point-one percent chance of success,’ drawled the former US Marine. ‘What’s not to like?’
Victor nodded with a satisfied expression. ‘It’s settled then. We leave at dusk.’
As the Bastian Council vacated the room in a low rumble of murmurs, I paused by Anna’s chair. ‘Do you have some time to spare?’ I said in a low voice. An idea had been taking shape in my mind for the last two days. The time to see it through was now or never.
‘Yes.’ Anna rolled her eyes at me. ‘By the sounds of it, I’m about to have plenty of that precious commodity on my hands soon enough,’ she said drily.
‘Good. Come with me.’
Anna looked at me with a puzzled frown and slowly rose from her seat. I led her out through the back door and headed towards the woods at the rear of the mansion. Her eyes widened when we came to a shooting range minutes later. ‘What are we doing here?’ she said, eyeing the well-used target boards suspiciously.
I took the Glock 17 from the holster on my hip and checked the magazine. ‘You need to learn how to use a gun,’ I murmured. I knew from talking to Tomas Godard two days before that Anna had never handled a firearm in her life. Sullen silence followed my words. I looked up into a stormy green gaze.
‘Why?’ Anna said stiffly.
I studied her expression carefully while I tried to figure out the quickest way to convince her that this was a necessity. ‘If you can defend yourself, less people will have to die protecting you,’ I finally said bluntly.
Anna stared at me fiercely, a flush darkening her cheeks. ‘Give me the gun!’ she barked and extended her hand commandingly.
Fifteen minutes later, one of her shots finally hit the edge of the target board. ‘All right, what am I doing wrong?’ she said, clearly exasperated as she lowered the Glock towards the ground.
I stifled a smile and walked up behind her. As with everything else she came across, it seemed that once Anna Godard made her mind up to do something, she was determined to be excellent at it. ‘Here.’ I closed my hands over the back of hers and lifting them gently. ‘Put your fingers high on the back strap.’
‘Like this?’ Anna murmured, correcting her grip.
‘Yes,’ I replied, glad that my voice did not betray my internal turmoil: the smell of her hair and the touch of her skin were threatening to flood my senses. ‘Bend your knees more. Relax your elbows.’ I paused. ‘Got your sights?’ Anna nodded. ‘Take a deep breath. Exhale. Now squeeze the trigger.’ The next two shots echoed loudly around the range. The bullets thudded into the scoring rings inches from the center of the target board. ‘That was good.’ I stepped back and quietly let out the breath that I had been holding.
Anna was silent while she checked the magazine like I had taught her. ‘It seems wrong, shooting bullets into people,’ she murmured, her hands stilling on the gun. She looked at me quizzically. ‘Did you know that I was one of the first female surgeons in France?’ I shook my head slowly. ‘Of course, in those days my male colleagues at the University of Paris were not too impressed that a woman had dared invade their exalted ranks,’ she added with a wry smile.
‘Why did you leave medicine?’ I said curiously.
‘Because I realised that I could make a greater impact on its future if I dedicated my life to research,’ Anna replied judiciously. She raised the gun and smoothly fired another couple of shots at the target. ‘How’s that?’ When I didn’t reply, she turned and stared at me. ‘Lucas?’
‘Er, good. That was—better,’ I muttered distractedly. There was a noise behind us. Someone had cleared their throat in a deliberate attempt to gain our attention. I closed my eyes briefly, already suspecting who it was going to be.
‘Am I interrupting something?’ said Reid in a suspiciously oily voice as he stepped onto the range.
‘No,’ said Anna, a puzzled frown marring her brow while she glanced from him to me. ‘Lucas was just showing me how to use a gun.’
‘Was he now?’ Reid murmured.
I avoided his calculating gaze and smiled at Anna. ‘Reid’s a great shot. Why don’t you stay and practise with him?’ I turned briskly and headed for the trees.
‘Why? Where’re you going?’ Reid called out.
I glanced over my shoulder and touched the handle of the katana. ‘I haven’t used the swords for a while.’ I could feel his narrowed eyes on my back as I exited the range. I turned east and walked through the woods until I reached a deserted clearing half a mile from the manor. I removed the long blade from its scabbard and started to work through the basic steps of kendo. In the distance behind me, the sound of shots carried faintly on a mild breeze.
I had built up a healthy layer of sweat when a voice suddenly sounded from the trees. ‘Those are some good moves you’ve got there.’





Chapter Seventeen


I lowered the katana and studied the figure standing in the shadows on the edge of the clearing. ‘Thank you.’ I paused. ‘I had a good teacher.’
‘Yes, I know,’ said Roman Dvorsky. ‘Miyamoto Musashi was an excellent swords master.’ I straightened, my attention now totally focused on the Head of the Order of Bastian Hunters. ‘I never met the man myself,’ the older man continued, stepping out of the shade. I noted the two-handed longsword he carried with a faint frown. ‘But I have to admit, I’ve always wanted to spar with someone who knew the art of Niten Ichi-ryu.’ He walked to the opposite end of the glade and turned to face me. ‘Shall we?’
I stared at the immortal’s inscrutable face for timeless seconds before slowly drawing the wakizashi from my waist. ‘I will not go easy on you,’ I warned him in a low voice.
‘It would be an insult if you did,’ Roman retorted mildly.
Though the isolated clearing stood a good distance from the manor house, the sounds of our clashing blades soon drew an audience. Out of the corner of my eyes, I saw Reid and Anna pause in the midst of a group of Bastian Hunters on the edge of the glade. Reid lit a cigarette and inhaled lazily. Despite the growing crowd, I could feel Anna’s gaze on me as if it was a laser beam cutting through the dark. Victor Dvorsky propped himself against the trunk of a maple tree and watched the fight with a carefully neutral expression. There was no time to study the other faces gathered around us: the older man’s sword had just missed my left eye by an inch.
Roman Dvorsky fought with a grace and deftness that belied his frail appearance. He countered my moves strike for strike, almost anticipating where my blade would fall next. Time and time again, the tip of his sword came within a whisper of my skin. In the end, I had to draw on all the knowledge and skills taught to me by my Edo master to get one over the leader of the Bastians.
‘Touché,’ Roman said in a slightly strained voice. He stood frozen in the middle of the clearing, the edge of my katana over his heart. ‘However, I think you will find that my blade is also touching your chest.’
‘Look lower,’ I said steadily.
The immortal glanced down to where the wakizashi hovered over his right femoral artery. ‘Well done,’ he murmured grudgingly. I stood back and lowered the swords. The older man relaxed. ‘I’m surprised you lost to Felix Thorne. You’re as skilled as he is.’
My eyes narrowed. ‘I’ll be more prepared next time.’ I suddenly became aware of the silence around us. I looked around.
Some sixty Hunters lined the edge of the clearing. Amongst them were the Bastian nobles that made up the First Council. More than a few of the immortals wore faint frowns. Others looked strangely thoughtful.
Tomas Godard stood slightly to the side, his face full of a nameless emotion. He turned without a word and walked back towards the mansion. Anna glanced at me apologetically before going after him. While the rest of the Hunters and the Bastian nobles slowly dispersed, Victor and Reid stepped out from beneath the trees. ‘That was quite a show,’ Victor said mildly.
‘Your old man still has it in him,’ said Roman, leaning on the longsword.
Victor smiled. ‘I never doubted it.’
‘By the way,’ said Roman, looking at me curiously, ‘that’s an interesting design you have on your katana. Does it have a specific meaning?’
‘Miyamoto was fascinated by the birthmark on my chest,’ I murmured with a shrug. ‘He had it carved in the blade.’
Roman watched me with an inscrutable expression before nodding.
I looked at Reid questioningly. ‘I don’t think you need to worry about the little lady,’ he drawled. ‘She’s a scarily fast learner.’
Sundown came too fast. As we got ready to leave the estate, I finally cornered Godard on the stairs of the manor house. ‘There’s something I need to ask you,’ I said quietly.
‘Yes?’
I hesitated. ‘Do you know a man by the name of Mikael Olsson?’
Tomas Godard frowned. ‘No, I can’t say that I do. Why?’ I told him about Olsson, the circumstances behind his apparent death in Boston ten years previously and his recent appearance in my life. ‘I knew a Johan Olsson once,’ said Godard after a thoughtful pause. ‘He worked for the Order of the Bastian Hunters during the sixteen hundreds. I was still an advisor for the First Council at the time.’ His frown deepened. ‘As I recall, he was one of the immortals who perished at the Second Battle of Khotyn, during the Great Turkish War.’ A sigh left his lips. ‘I’m afraid many of us lost lives during our conflicts with the Ottoman Empire.’
I thought of my own gruesome deaths during the Battle of Vienna. The irony that we both fought on the same side during those tumultuous years and yet were unaware of each other’s presence did not escape me. ‘Were you at Khotyn at the time?’
Tomas Godard shook his head. ‘No. Although I helped High Commander Sobieski coordinate the battle, my presence was needed in Lwów. The King of Poland had died only the day before.’
An unexpected wave of relief washed over me at his words. Olsson’s assertion was evidently misguided. ‘Thank you,’ I murmured.
The blue eyes so alike to mine widened slightly. ‘You’re welcome.’
We left the manor house when the last of the light was draining out of a red sky; a group of fifty Hunters were staying back to guard the Godards. As the convoy barrelled down the driveway, I caught a glimpse of Anna at the window of the study. The frown had returned to her face.
‘How are you doing?’ said Reid after a while.
We were in the back of a truck, along with Bruno, Anatole and four other Hunters. The immortals were chatting among themselves. I finished fitting a sound suppressor to the Smith and Wesson and murmured a low, ‘I’m fine.’
‘Really?’ Reid continued in the same tone. ‘So, you’re telling me that finding out that you have a grandfather and a cousin who are still alive, that you’re probably truly immortal in every sense of the word, and that your long lost grandmother is trying to kill you, is not freaking you out?’
‘Well, to be honest, the bit about my grandmother kinda sucks,’ I said with a deadpan expression after a pause.
A crooked smile crossed Reid’s face. ‘All right,’ he murmured, shaking his head. ‘You know where I am if you wanna talk.’
I nodded impassively.
Kazimir Benisek’s manor house was located on eight hundred acres of land north of the village of Drhovy, in the Příbram District twenty-five miles outside Prague. The plot was enclosed by an impressive stone wall topped with barbed wire. Beyond it, a further half mile of thick woods and undergrowth lay between the boundaries of the property and the extensive lawn that fronted the mansion. A pair of thick, wrought iron gates with ornate lattice work barred the entrance to the grounds: to the left of it, a metal plate read “Private Property: Trespassers will be prosecuted” in Czech. A driveway lined with rows of well-established evergreens bisected the lawn neatly before ending in a large gravelled forecourt.
We entered the estate from the north-west. Thermal images taken just before we left the Dvorskies’ safe house had indicated that that section of the property harboured the least number of guards and had almost no surveillance cameras. There was also a cool breeze blowing in from the south that would help mask the sounds of our approach.
The land at the rear of the mansion was taken up by extensive manicured gardens dotted with Roman sculptures, arbours and stone seats. The gardens stretched down a series of shallow terraces to a small artificial lake rimmed on three sides by heavy woodland. Ten minutes after we crossed the wall, we paused in the trees beyond the still waters and waited for the signal.
At exactly seven pm, there was a sudden flurry of activity around the property. Dozens of black-clad figures left their posts on the grounds and hurried towards the mansion. Startled voices rose to the dark skies.
The Dvorskies had arrived at the front gates.
Using the cover of shadows cast by ornaments and hedges, we moved silently up the incline and stopped by a water fountain set in a circular stone terrace moments later. Bruno lifted an iron grating behind the water feature and exposed a narrow hole in the ground. We climbed down a metal ladder and descended into murky darkness.
There was a faint click. The beam from Bruno’s torch cut through the gloom and cast a ghostly glow on the damp, moss-covered brick walls that made up the passage.
Anatole grimaced. ‘This place stinks,’ he whispered.
We were in an underground service tunnel that ran all the way beneath the extensive gardens of the property. From the plans of the estate that Victor had procured, we knew it would lead us to one of four cellars underneath the mansion.
Bruno nudged something with the edge of his boot. ‘There’s a dead rat.’ He paused reflectively while he cast the beam around. ‘Make that a lot of dead rats.’
‘Great,’ murmured Anatole glumly. ‘I hate rats.’
We headed south along the passage, occasionally crossing bars of pale light that streamed down through the narrow grilles in the ceiling. The tunnel ended with a locked, rust-coloured metal door a quarter of a mile later. ‘We’re here,’ I said quietly towards the microphone pinned to my Kevlar vest.
The earpiece in my ear crackled. ‘You’re good to go,’ said a voice after several seconds.
When the first commercial satellites were launched into space in the nineteen sixties, the Bastians and the Crovirs privately acquired dozens of the machines and placed them in orbit all over the world. The cluster of Bastian satellites above Europe was currently tracking the movement of anything with a heat signal within a two mile radius of Benisek’s property. To make life less complicated for the Bastian technicians monitoring the area, the Dvorskies, the Bastian Hunters on the ground and our team of four all carried a transmitter with a specific thermal reading.
Bruno cut through the lock with a small blow torch, oiled the hinges of the door and carefully pushed it open. A dark and cool cellar lay beyond it. Dusty wine racks lined the floor in even rows that extended to a low ceiling. On the left, an entire wall was stacked high with beer barrels. Bottles of expensive spirits glowed briefly in the torchlight.
Halfway down the middle aisle, Anatole stopped and stared into the gloom.
Bruno paused and frowned. ‘What is it?’
Brief silence followed. ‘Damn,’ the red-haired immortal finally murmured in wide-eyed awe. He pointed at a crate. ‘That’s a whole case of Chateau Latour eighteen eighty-six!’
Bruno muttered something rude under his breath and started walking again.
‘Oh, come on!’ hissed Anatole as he trotted after him. ‘Do you know how much a bottle of that would fetch on the open market?’
At the other end of the cellar, we were faced with a two-inch thick, iron-plated oak door. There could have been an entire horde of Crovir Hunters waiting for us on the other side for all the sound that came through it. ‘You’re still good to go,’ said the voice in my ear.
Reid picked the lock swiftly and silently; we could not risk using the blow torch with the smoke alarms in the cellar.
My fingers gripped the handle of the katana tightly when the door swung open. Darkness and silence greeted us across the threshold.
We exited the cellar and came to a flight of shallow stone steps that ascended to a deserted corridor at the rear of the mansion. We paused in a dark recess at the top. Muted voices rose south of our position. From what we had seen of the thermal images before we entered the property, the Crovir First Council was gathered in the reception rooms at the front of the mansion.
‘Take the service stairs fifteen feet to your right,’ murmured the voice in my earpiece. ‘It should take you to the first floor.’ We turned and headed swiftly along the passage. A few seconds later, we reached a flight of carpeted steps and started to climb. We were almost at the top when the voice barked an abrupt ‘Stop!’ in our ears. We froze in the gloom.
‘There’re four bodies heading your way, two from above and two from below,’ the voice said tensely. There was a pause. ‘They’re not friendlies.’
I glanced at Reid and Bruno. They nodded and headed quietly down the stairs. Anatole and I swiftly ascended the last steps, guns in hand. We had barely pressed ourselves into the shallow alcoves on either side of the door when it opened silently on smooth hinges. Two Crovir Hunters stepped over the threshold.
They never heard our shots.
We carried the bodies down to the cellar and found Bruno and Reid tying up the other two Hunters. Bruno glanced at me. He hesitated before murmuring, ‘You could finish them off with your sword. That will leave four less of them to contend with.’
I rose to my feet and stared at him steadily. ‘I have never killed in cold blood.’
The Bastian immortal studied me for silent seconds. ‘All right,’ he finally muttered with a curt nod.
We secured the unconscious Hunters’ weapons and headed swiftly back up the stairs to the first floor of the mansion. According to the blueprints, Benisek’s study was located on that level. I glanced at my watch and frowned. Fifteen minutes had elapsed since we entered the service tunnel under the gardens. With each precious second that ticked by, our chances of successfully completing our mission grew smaller.
The earpiece crackled again just as we entered a corridor. ‘Three bodies moving towards you from the front of the house. ETA in ten seconds.’
‘Thanks,’ I murmured, studying the passage we stood in.
Thick velvet curtains framed the French windows that lined one aspect of the long gallery. Crystal chandeliers hung from a high, ornately corniced ceiling and shed a muted light across a series of oil portraits that adorned the walls, and the vases perched on antique console tables dotted along the Venetian carpet.
We slid into the shadowy recesses next to the windows. A moment later, the double doors at the end of the gallery swung open. Two black-clad Crovir Hunters stepped across the threshold. A third man dressed in a white evening suit followed behind them.
There was a slight in-drawing of breath behind me. ‘Well, well,’ murmured Bruno. ‘This is our lucky day.’
‘Why?’ I said in a low voice.
‘That’s Kazimir Benisek.’





Chapter Eighteen


I stared at the man in the white suit.
Benisek was short, red-faced and overweight. A silver beard crowded the lower half of his features, partly masking his thick jowls. The upper half was a mass of pale wrinkles that surrounded a pair of small, rat-like eyes beneath a receding fringe of grey hair.
He unlocked a door, stepped inside the room beyond and murmured something to the guards. The Hunters took up position on either side of the door as he closed it.
I signalled my intentions to the others before stepping out of the alcove. The guard on the right spotted me first. His eyes narrowed and he reached for the gun at his waist.
‘Hi,’ I said with an engaging smile and raised my empty hands. ‘I’m with the Bastian escort. I appear to have lost my way. Could you guys point me in the direction of the main hall?’
The second guard frowned, recognition dawning in his eyes. ‘Wait a minute, aren’t you—’
‘Wrong answer,’ I murmured while bullets whined past me and hit them in the chest. We caught the Hunters’ bodies before they hit the floor and tied them up in a bay behind the French curtains. We returned to the closed door seconds later. ‘There’s a man in the room in front of us,’ I said softly in the mouthpiece. ‘Is he alone?’
‘Yes,’ came the reply from the Bastian tech. ‘I’m getting a high background heat signal from that place. Looks like he has a lot of hardware up and running in there.’
We found Benisek seated behind a wide oak desk in the middle of a study. A row of monitors flickered on the wall in front of him: beneath them, stacks of slim hard drives rose from the floor, their faint hum almost inaudible. Benisek’s eyes never left the screens when we quietly locked the door behind us. Fat fingers flying over the ergonomic keyboard beneath his hands, he barked a harsh ‘I thought I said I wasn’t to be disturbed!’ over his shoulder. When this did not elicit the desired response, he finally looked in our direction. His hands froze over the keyboard. The rat-like eyes slowly widened.
‘Hello,’ I said with a cold smile. ‘I believe you know who I am.’
‘You! But—but—you’re dead!’ stammered Benisek. ‘Thorne killed you!’ The words stumbled out of his mouth in a breathless rush.
‘He did,’ I said steadily.
Confusion dawned in Benisek’s eyes. His fingers moved. A second later, he yelped and clutched at his hand.
Smoke curled from the suppressor on Reid’s gun. ‘I wouldn’t touch anything if I were you,’ he murmured grimly.
‘You’ll never get out of here alive!’ shouted Benisek while Bruno and Anatole dragged him from the chair to a couch in a corner of the room and tied him up. ‘Vellacrus will have you—hmmff, hmmff!’
‘There,’ said Anatole. He stepped back and admired his handiwork. ‘That’s much better, isn’t it?’ Benisek scowled behind his gag and struggled violently against his bonds.
I took the seat at the oak desk and studied the monitors on the wall.
‘Can you work this?’ said Reid behind me.
I stretched my neck and flexed my fingers. ‘There’s only one way to find out.’ I looked at my watch. Another five minutes had passed since I last glanced at the dial.
Benisek had been in the process of transferring all the files on the hard drives to an off-site server: this was probably a security measure against the unexpected presence of the Dvorskies in the mansion. Fortunately, he had already entered the primary password to access the mainframe. The folders, however, were still in code: they would have to be decrypted before they could be moved. I scrutinized the lists on the screens with a frown. Which ones did I need to access? My gaze shifted to the bound man on the couch. Benisek did not look like he was in the mood to cooperate and we hardly had time for harsher persuasive measures. I stared at the monitors again.
‘What’s wrong?’ said Reid tensely.
‘The data’s encoded,’ I replied calmly. ‘I don’t know what I’m looking for.’
Reid’s eyes narrowed. ‘Can’t you just download all of it?’
I shook my head. ‘There’re hundreds of folders. It would take too long.’
I eventually found the original encryption file hidden deep beneath clever layers of programming; whoever had installed Benisek’s security system was good. All I had to do now was decipher the code.
‘You probably don’t want to hear this, but there’s a whole load of unfriendlies heading your way,’ said the voice in my ear.
‘Gotcha,’ said Bruno. He and Anatole moved towards the door.
Aware that our time was fast running out, I typed “GeMBiT” into the password box. There was a beep from the machines: the words “Access Denied: Incorrect Password” appeared on the screens.
I tried “Crovir”, then “Thorne” and “Vellacrus” unsuccessfully. A series of unhappy high-pitched sounds ensued from the speakers. A fine layer of sweat beaded my forehead: I had one more chance to get it right before the system locked me out. If that happened, I would have to reboot and start all over again.
This was not an option under the current circumstances.
‘Those unfriendlies are almost on top of you,’ interrupted the voice through the earpiece. A strained pause followed. ‘By the sounds of things, Roman and Victor have overstayed their welcome. They’re getting ready to leave.’
I yanked the receiver out of my ear, closed my eyes and shut out the noise around me. Seconds passed. One, then three and five. At ten, I opened my eyes and typed in “Immortality”.
The screens flickered. Lists of decoded folders streamed down the monitors. There was a muffled scream of rage from Benisek.
My fingers fluttered over the keys while I quickly grouped all the files containing the words “GeMBiT”, “Burnstein”, “Strauss” and “Godard”. I sent the data through to the Bastians’ secured server and made a copy on a memory stick. As I moved to shut down the hard drives, another folder at the bottom of one of the screens drew my gaze. It was titled “Red Death”. I copied it and exited the system.
‘We have about a minute before the Dvorskies exit the building,’ Bruno announced from the door.
I pushed back from the desk. ‘I’m done.’
A second later, the doorknob turned and rattled. ‘Kazimir, are you in there? Open the door,’ someone said through the woodwork.
Coldness gripped me and I stiffened. I knew that voice. I slowly placed the receiver back into my ear and rose from the chair. ‘Are Roman and Victor out of the building?’ I said carefully into the mouthpiece, my gaze not shifting from the doorway. At my tone, Reid glanced towards me and frowned.
‘They’re walking to the cars,’ came the reply. ‘Seriously, you guys need to move. There’s an unfriendly right outside the room.’
I slid the daisho from my belt. ‘I know,’ I said quietly. ‘It’s Felix Thorne.’
Reid and the two Bastian immortals stared from me to the door: behind us, Benisek’s struggles doubled in effort. There was a buzz of static from the earpiece. ‘Shit,’ the voice finally said dully.
‘He said it,’ muttered Anatole.
‘Is he alone?’ I watched the doorknob turn again and tried to quieten the rapid thuds of my heart. Mixed in with dread at the inevitable battle that now faced us was an unexpected sense of anticipation: I was looking forward to meeting Thorne again. In fact, I could hardly wait.
‘Yes. But there are others close by.’
My eyes narrowed. ‘How many?’
Brief silence followed. ‘I count ten signals within twenty feet of your position,’ came the solemn response.
‘Okay. Thanks,’ I murmured.
‘Do you need back-up?’ the voice said hesitantly.
I looked at Reid and the Bastians. They shrugged. ‘We’ll be fine,’ I said into the mouthpiece. ‘Just make sure Victor and Roman get through those gates safely.’
‘Will do.’ There was a pause. ‘And Soul?’
‘Yeah?’
‘Good luck.’
I smiled faintly. ‘Sure.’ I took the earpiece out, strode across the study and turned to stare at the others. ‘When I open this door, I want you to run,’ I said in a tone that brooked no argument.
Reid’s eyes widened. ‘What?’
‘Hey, look here—’ Anatole started in a disgruntled voice.
‘None of you stand a chance against Thorne,’ I interrupted bluntly. Silence followed my words. I could tell from their aggravated expressions that they knew this to be true and that they were not pleased about it. ‘We haven’t got time to argue. Here, catch.’ I threw the memory stick at Reid.
He palmed the rectangular piece and glared at me. ‘So what, you’re saying you’re gonna fight all of them?’
‘No.’ I grinned wryly. ‘Just Thorne. The others are yours.’
Bar the clothes, Felix Thorne was exactly as I remembered him. His tall frame was presently covered in a black evening suit and his ash-blonde hair gleamed brightly under the light of the chandeliers. Chilly, gunmetal eyes widened slightly as they focused on me.
I stepped out in the corridor. ‘Hello, Uncle,’ I said in a pleasant enough voice. There was movement behind me while the others exited the room.
Thorne barely glanced at them. Dark pupils dilated wildly within a sea of wintry grey. The thin lips pulled back in a sneer. ‘How is this possible? I watched you die.’
‘I’m afraid no one knows the answer to that yet,’ I said steadily.
Thorne stared over my shoulder at Benisek and frowned heavily. ‘What have you done?’
‘Nothing much,’ I said with a shrug. ‘I just wanted to say hello.’ I paused deliberately. ‘After all, we are family.’
An ugly expression dawned on the immortal’s face. ‘You are no relative of mine, half-breed!’ he hissed.
A smile tugged at my lips. I finally recognised the unfamiliar feeling coursing through my veins: it was what a hunter probably experienced when he was closing in for the kill. The whine of bullets rose behind me. I ignored it and glanced at Thorne’s waist. ‘I see you have your sword with you.’ My smile widened, which only seemed to infuriate Thorne further. ‘Would you care for a rematch?’
The Crovir noble glared at me for silent seconds. ‘I killed you once,’ he said grimly, removing the blade from its sheath. ‘I can kill you again.’ His first move was so fast I barely blocked his blow. I grunted and took a step back. ‘I see you’ve improved,’ he continued in the same condescending tone. ‘Still, you have far to go before you can hope to defeat me, boy.’
‘You forget, Uncle. This time, I’ll fight you without the benefit of bullet wounds,’ I retorted coolly. Thorne’s eyes narrowed.
The next seconds were a blur of movement. As with our previous battle in Vilanec, the Crovir’s speed verged on the supernatural. Our blades clashed again and again, sparks rising from the gleaming steel edges. The tip of Thorne’s sword hummed past my face. I ducked, twisted on one heel and kicked out. He leapt backwards to avoid the blow.
I rolled towards him, rose to one knee and thrust the wakizashi upwards. It slipped an inch past his guard and scored a gash across his chest.
A shocked grunt escaped Thorne’s lips. His hand rose slowly and he fingered the cut. ‘You’ll regret this,’ he whispered, staring at his bloodied palm. He touched the scar on his right cheek absent-mindedly and left a crimson trail on his pale skin. ‘Your father marked me once.’ A savage grin crossed his face. ‘He paid for it with his life.’
A wave of blind rage shook me to my core; it took all my self-control not to rush the immortal there and then. I inhaled deeply and forced my fingers to relax on the handles of the daisho. My feet shifted into the starting stance of kendo. I felt my heart rate slow down. ‘Let’s do this,’ I said coldly.
A snarl ripped from Thorne’s throat as he attacked. I blocked his first blow. He attacked again. I blocked his second, then his third blow. His eyes narrowed. He struck over and over again, his tip of his sword slicing through the air in invisible moves. With every swing of the blade, his breathing grew more erratic. I deflected all his strikes with an ease that enraged him to no end. That was when I realised something astounding.
I was faster and stronger than he was.
Before I could assimilate this shocking fact and ponder whether it had something to do with surviving my seventeenth death, the doors at the end of the gallery opened. A murmur of muted voices washed over the threshold from the front of the mansion at the same time as a figure in a ice-blue evening gown stepped through. I felt my heart stutter in my chest.
I knew without a doubt that I was looking at Agatha Vellacrus.
The woman’s silver hair was coiled in an elegant bun at the back of her head. She wore diamonds in her ears and at the base of her throat, the gems catching the light and fracturing it into a thousand brilliant sparks. Her face was pale and as ancient as the stars. Set within it were grey eyes an identical shade to my father’s. But whereas my father’s eyes had been smoky and warm, hers were as cold and bleak as the depths of space.
She paused and studied us with a faint frown. ‘Felix? What’s going on?’
Thorne never looked away from me. ‘Why, don’t tell me you don’t recognise him, mother,’ he spat out. ‘It’s your grandson, the half-breed!’ The words had barely left his lips when he swung his sword round in a double-handed grip.
I broke his attack with the katana and forced him back a step. My gaze shifted to the woman in the doorway. Her mouth was pinched in a bitter expression. ‘You said you killed him,’ she murmured in a voice devoid of emotion.
‘I did,’ said Thorne with a scowl. The woman’s frown deepened.
Until that moment, despite what I had been told by my grandfather and Victor Dvorsky, I had clung to a slim hope. The Bastians had to be wrong: how could the woman who gave birth to my father want me dead? The very thought struck a discordant chord deep within my soul.
Then, the moment passed and the sliver of hope shattered into a million shards that pierced my heart with blinding pain. I should have blinked back tears. Instead, my vision had never been clearer. I moved.
The katana slid along Thorne’s sword and entered his chest in a single blow. The immortal grunted, the grey eyes widening in shocked incredulity.
There was a barely audible gasp from the woman at the end of the passage.
I pulled the blade out of Thorne’s ribcage and watched him fall to his knees. Blood soaked rapidly through his shirt and dripped onto the expensive Venetian carpet. He coughed and took a rasping breath, a stream of red bubbles staining his lips. ‘I could kill you now,’ I said dispassionately. ‘But I won’t.’ I stared from him to the woman in the blue gown. ‘Not until I get to the bottom of whatever it is that you’re up to.’ I turned and calmly walked away, my steps even and my grip steady on the handles of the daisho.
Reid and the Bastians had cleared a path to the cellar. I stepped over the bodies of fallen Crovirs and caught up with them in the service tunnel under the gardens.
Reid blinked when he saw me and slowly lowered the Glock. His gaze skimmed over my bloodied swords while he loaded a fresh magazine into the gun. ‘You ready?’ he said steadily.
‘Yes,’ I replied grimly. Voices rose in the distance behind us. ‘Let’s go.’
We were almost at the lake when the first wave of Crovir Hunters reached us. The ricochet of gunshots erupted around the gardens. Bullets sang through the night and peppered the ground at our heels, raising clumps of soil and grass and causing deadly shards to erupt from the marble statues that populated the grounds.
I sheathed the daisho, lifted the guns from the holsters on my hips, turned, dropped to one knee and squeezed the triggers. Reid paused at my side and fired the Glock in rapid succession. Shadows fell in the darkness behind us; more appeared to replace them. I rose and followed Reid to the woods.
We entered the shadows beneath the trees in a hail of gunfire. Our breaths plumed the chilly air with small white clouds as we raced towards the boundary of the estate. A crescent moon shone brightly in the clear autumn sky and bathed the woods in a silvery light. Footsteps sounded behind us as the Crovirs gave chase.
We were a hundred feet from the outer perimeter wall when the second wave of Hunters appeared ahead of us.
‘I hate to say it, but this is not looking good,’ said Reid while we took cover within a narrow thicket. I glanced around anxiously. There were no visible exit routes. Shots thudded into the undergrowth around us. Chips of bark and plant debris rapidly clouded the air.
As I crouched and contemplated drawing the Crovirs away from the others long enough to give them a chance to escape, a gust of wind suddenly blew leaves and branches down onto our heads. The sound of rotors followed a moment later.
A beam of light cut through the night and danced across the ground close to where we hid. I squinted upwards and blinked dust out of my eyes.
A black chopper appeared in the sky and pulled up sharply above the treetops. The cabin doors opened and a rope ladder dropped down on either side, swinging violently in the downdraught.
‘What are you waiting for?’ shouted the voice in my earpiece. ‘Get on!’
We rose, ran the few steps to the ropes and jumped. Bullets crisscrossed the air around us. They were echoed by the stutter of machine guns from above. Shots riddled the forest floor and several Crovir Hunters. The rest retreated swiftly under the cover of the trees.
The helicopter rose with the four of us still clinging to the rope ladders and banked sharply to the left. Moments later, we were over the wall of Benisek’s estate.
I reached the door of the aircraft’s cabin behind Reid and was pulled inside. ‘Thanks,’ I gasped gratefully and looked up into Costas’s grim face.
‘Don’t mention it,’ grumbled the Bastian noble. ‘Someone had to get your sorry asses out of there.’ Grigoriye sat opposite him. He smiled at me faintly.
I had just started to get my breath back when the co-pilot passed me a set of headphones. ‘Are you guys okay?’ said a voice anxiously in my ears. It was Victor.
I looked at the others. Except for some scratches, everyone appeared to be in one piece. ‘Yes, we’re fine,’ I replied.
There was an audible sigh. ‘I’m glad to hear it,’ said Victor. ‘We stalled for time as long as we could. I think Vellacrus suspected something.’
I stared into the darkness outside the cabin window. ‘I met her,’ I said, my voice devoid of emotion. The numbness that had shrouded me since my encounter with Thorne and Vellacrus was starting to fade.
There was silence from the headphones. ‘Did she say anything to you?’ Victor said finally.
I hesitated briefly. ‘She watched me fight Thorne.’
This time, the silence was short-lived. ‘Did you kill him?’ The tension in Victor’s voice was mirrored in the strained looks on the faces of the immortals inside the helicopter.
‘No,’ I replied quietly. ‘I wounded him.’
Bruno glanced at me with a troubled expression. I could feel the question in the air. Victor was the one who voiced it. ‘Could you have?’
I leaned back against the headrest and gazed at the roof of the helicopter. ‘Yes,’ I said bluntly.
This time, Victor’s sigh was barely perceptible above the noise of the rotors. ‘I’ll see you back at the house.’





Chapter Nineteen


Tomas Godard was waiting for us in the foyer of the mansion. ‘We heard what happened from the Bastian Hunters,’ he said gruffly when we walked through the doors. He strode across the floor and pulled me roughly into his arms. Caught off-guard, I stiffened in his embrace. If the older man noticed, he did not give any indication of it. He stood back and looked me over with an anxious frown. ‘Are you all right?’
‘Yes. I’m fine,’ I murmured self-consciously. I glanced over his shoulder and saw Anna smiling from the doorway of the study.
‘We have the data you sent,’ she said.
‘Good,’ I said with a brief nod. ‘Have you looked at it yet?’
Anna shook her head. ‘We were waiting for you.’
A group of Bastian Hunters entered the hallway behind us. Roman, Victor, Costas and Grigoriye were in their midst. ‘Well done,’ said Roman with a broad smile. ‘For a moment there, I thought you weren’t going to make it.’
‘So did we,’ drawled Reid. ‘You never told us about the helicopter.’
Victor grinned. ‘It was Costas’s idea. He thought it might come in handy.’
The Bastian noble scowled in the face of our stares. ‘They were nearly at the wall anyway,’ he muttered grudgingly, his ears reddening. ‘So, we looking at this data or what?’
Moments later, we gathered in the study. The Bastians had been busy in our absence; the room now resembled the control deck of a modern warship. ‘These are the folders that you sent us,’ said the Bastian tech seated behind a set of keyboards. He was working several monitors simultaneously, his glasses reflecting the light from the screens; on the wall ahead of him was a large projector screen. ‘They were encoded with another layer of encryption, but we managed to decipher most of it.’ He paused and clicked on a mouse. ‘Here’s the first file.’
We stared at the information on display. Anna frowned. ‘That’s the data from Hubert’s latest research,’ she said impatiently. ‘We know this already.’
‘Okay.’ The Bastian’s fingers moved over the keys. ‘Here’s the second one.’
A familiar image filled the screen. It was the black and white photograph of Anna and Hubert Strauss from Burnstein’s computer. More data streamed down the display. The tech whistled softly under his breath. ‘I have to say, they got a helluva lot of info on you Miss.’
A scowl darkened Anna’s face. ‘They even have details of the Zurich account,’ she muttered.
‘They probably hacked into the bank’s computer system,’ I said thoughtfully. ‘According to the Head of Accounts, no one else had asked to see it.’
‘All right, let’s look at the next file,’ said Victor.
Burnstein’s folder contained stacks of financial information about his corporation and the various projects he was involved in. Strauss’s chronicled the progress of the scientist’s research and held detailed personal background information on him and his colleagues.
The one entitled GeMBiT was still encrypted. It took several more minutes to decipher the code. The Bastian tech finally leaned back from the keyboards. ‘That’s the best I can do.’
We studied the screen. It was filled with reams of scientific jargon. A second later, I saw Anna stiffen. I tensed slightly.
‘What does it mean?’ said Victor. He glanced from her still face to the projected data.
Anna was quiet for some time. ‘May I?’ she murmured eventually. She looked at the Bastian tech and gestured towards the keyboards.
‘Be my guest,’ said the immortal.
Anna took the seat he vacated, reached for the mouse and slowly scrolled down the pages on the display. ‘If I’m correct, this is a programme of GeMBiT’s principal areas of activities as planned by Burnstein over the next few months.’ Her tone was dull while she read out the details. ‘The first stage appears to be aimed at manufacturing a number of transfusions of the genetically modified cells from Hubert’s research for use on test subjects in their labs in Washington.’
‘Transfusions?’ Victor interrupted with a frown.
‘The process is very similar to stem cell transplant,’ Anna explained. ‘You can introduce cells that have the ability to evolve into different types of tissues into the body, to carry out specific functions.’
A sick feeling formed in the pit of my stomach. I suddenly knew what the Crovirs were planning to do. ‘Like making someone immortal?’ I said darkly.
Anna glanced at me. ‘Yes.’
Victor’s frown deepened. ‘What’s the next step?’
Anna gazed at the information on the screen. ‘If the trial works, they plan to mass produce the serum.’ The significance of her words finally started to dawn on everyone else in the room. Restless murmurs rose from the Bastian Council members.
‘Are they planning to give this transfusion to the Crovirs?’ said Victor harshly.
Anna’s fingers moved on one of the keyboards. Lists appeared on the screen. Her eyes narrowed. ‘Not all of them. Just the people on here.’
We stared at the display. There were some five hundred odd names on it. I frowned. Olsson’s was halfway down the sixth list.
It was Roman who spoke next. ‘That’s most of the nobles and other significant figures in Crovir society, as well as two hundred Hunters or so,’ said the Bastian leader. ‘Basically, anyone who supports Vellacrus is on that list.’
‘How generous of her,’ murmured Grigoriye.
Costas frowned. ‘If she does this, she will—’ He paused, scowling while he struggled for words.
‘She will have a truly immortal army at her feet,’ Victor continued coldly. ‘One that would be eternally loyal to her.’
‘It will only lead to another war.’ Tomas Godard sat down heavily in an armchair, his face grey. He stared at Roman. ‘There’ll be no stopping the Crovirs this time. They will wipe out our very existence.’ Roman Dvorsky remained silent, his expression grim.
Reid interrupted the sombre hush that followed. ‘Let me get something straight,’ he said with a frown. ‘Can they actually do any of this without Anna’s blood?’
We all looked at Anna. ‘No, they can’t,’ she said quietly. She turned away from our stares and studied the rest of the information on the screen. Her eyes narrowed again.
‘What is it?’ I said.
‘There’s something on here that I don’t understand.’ Anna indicated the display. ‘They mention a vaccine that is to be administered a couple of weeks prior to the start of the transfusion process.’ She glanced at me with a puzzled expression. ‘I have no idea what it’s for.’
Images suddenly flashed through my mind. I thought of the last file I had downloaded from Benisek’s hard drive. Dimly, I heard Victor say, ‘Is there no mention of it anywhere else?’
‘No,’ Anna replied. ‘Not that I can see, anyway.’
I felt my blood grow cold as I remembered the title of the folder. ‘Reid, have you got the memory stick?’ I said in a voice that sounded strangely detached even to my own ears.
Anna went still at my tone. ‘What’s wrong?’ she said, her green eyes widening anxiously.
‘There was another file on Benisek’s system. I didn’t have time to send it through.’ I took the USB pen from Reid and plugged it into one of the hard drives. A box opened up on one of the screens. I scrolled down the list of files and clicked on the one entitled “Red Death”.
For once, the data within it was not encrypted.
Silence fell across the room while we stared at the information streaming on the display. Even though most of it was in scientific terminology, the essence of the thing was horrifyingly clear.
‘Dear God,’ Anna finally whispered, her fingers rising tremulously to her lips. Her words echoed the palpable dread in the air.
‘What is it?’ said Reid, gazing in confusion at the fearful expressions around the room.
Victor glanced at him. ‘Being the only human here, I take it you’ve never heard of the Red Death?’
‘No,’ Reid replied. ‘Enlighten me.’
‘Seven hundred years ago, at the time the Black Death was sweeping through Europe and killing millions of humans worldwide, another highly contagious and fatal disease called the Red Death wiped out more than half of the population of immortals on Earth,’ said Victor sombrely.
Reid stared at him. His eyes slowly widened. ‘Wait. Are you talking about the plague?’
‘Yes,’ said Victor with a nod. ‘Although the bubonic plague killed many humans, it did not affect us immortals.’ He paused, his lips pinched in a bitter smile. ‘We had our own version to contend with.’
‘The Red Death was an extremely contagious form of a viral haemorrhagic fever,’ Anna explained. Her eyes darkened as she spoke. ‘Once infected, the end came within a matter of days. And that wasn’t the worst of it.’
Reid’s eyebrows rose. ‘It wasn’t?’
‘No,’ Anna replied. ‘The worst part was that most of those who survived became infertile.’ She looked around the room with a troubled expression. ‘To this day, we are still nowhere near the number of immortals that existed prior to the plague.’
‘What exactly is Vellacrus planning?’ said Tomas Godard. He rose from his seat and stepped forward with a purposeful stride, a heavy frown clouding his face.
Anna turned back to the monitor. ‘From the information here, it seems that Burnstein and his team isolated a strain of the virus sometime last year.’ She paused. ‘And they’ve been busy trying to modify it since,’ she said slowly.
‘Modify it?’ Costas grunted. ‘How?’
Anna scrolled down the screen. ‘It looks like they genetically reengineered it,’ she said distractedly.
The Bastian Council member scowled. ‘Why?’
My eyes widened as I glanced from the complex information on the monitor to Anna’s pale face. ‘To make it more deadly,’ she stated dully, confirming my suspicion. She suddenly stiffened.
‘What’s wrong?’ I took a step towards her, tension humming in my veins.
‘This can’t be right,’ Anna whispered. The only sound in the room for the next few seconds was the clattering of her fingers on the keyboard. Her hands finally stilled. She sat back in the chair.
‘Anna?’ said Tomas Godard worriedly. He placed a hand on her shoulder.
Anna’s voice, when it came, was low and horror-struck. ‘This virus has the ability to cross species.’
‘Cross species?’ Tomas repeated with a frown. ‘What do you mean?’
Understanding exploded in my mind as her words sank in. An icy chill ran down my spine. ‘It can infect humans? Non immortals?’ I said stiffly, staring at her ashen face. I knew the answer even before she returned my gaze unflinchingly and nodded once. Shocked murmurs erupted around the room.
Victor pointed at the screen. ‘Do they know this?’ he barked.
‘You mean the Crovirs?’ A mirthless chuckle escaped Anna’s lips as she stared at the monitor. ‘It looks like they intentionally designed it that way.’
There was a moment of stunned silence. ‘Vellacrus is mad,’ Victor finally said between gritted teeth. ‘If this virus is set loose—’ He lapsed into abrupt silence.
‘Not only will it wipe out the immortals,’ Anna said bitterly, ‘it’ll take out more than half of the world’s human population with it.’
Reid scowled. ‘What’s she hoping to achieve by this?’
‘No one knows the working of that woman’s mind,’ said Tomas Godard. The old man had turned pale again. ‘This only goes to show how crazed she has become over the centuries. Even the Crovir First Council appears to have no control over her!’
I thought of the woman I had met earlier that evening and felt a chill at his words.
‘She must be stopped,’ said Roman emphatically. The Bastian leader’s tone was edged with steel.
The ensuing silence was broken by a hesitant voice. ‘I’m sorry to point out the obvious here, but didn’t someone just mention a vaccine?’ said Anatole.
Anna frowned and glanced from the immortal to the screen. ‘Yes. It seems they're still in the process of manufacturing it,’ she said slowly.
My eyes narrowed at her words. ‘Do you think you could make another one?’ I said, voicing the unspoken question in the air.
Anna let out a frustrated sigh and shook her head. ‘I’m afraid it’s an area I know little about,’ she said. ‘I would need the help of experts in the field of Cellular and Molecular Microbiology, not to mention Immunology.’ She paused and stared at us with a defeated expression. ‘Even if I could get my hands on a sample of the virus, it could take weeks, if not months to produce another vaccine. Although—’ Her voice trailed into silence. Eyes widening, she turned to the keyboard and started to type quickly. The monitor flickered and data from a scientific website appeared on the screen. ‘There is this relatively new technique called reverse vaccinology,’ she continued with a quiver of excitement. ‘It uses the pathogen’s genetic information instead of the usual method of culture to identify immunogenic antigens that can be targeted for vaccine development.’ She looked up into our blank expressions. ‘It could halve the time taken to produce a vaccine,’ she explained animatedly.
‘So, we have to destroy this virus and steal or make a new vaccine,’ said Victor after a thoughtful silence. He looked enquiringly at his father.
‘Don’t forget. We need to stop them from getting their hands on Anna,’ said Tomas Godard. ‘Their plan of true immortality won’t work unless they have a sample of her blood.’
Roman Dvorsky returned his son’s questioning stare with a brief nod. Victor smiled faintly and turned to the Bastian Council members. ‘We should talk to Reznak,’ he said steadily.
I frowned at the unfamiliar name. There was a stir among the senior immortals; they glanced at each other uneasily. It was Costas who finally spoke.
‘That old fox?’ he said with a scowl. ‘What makes you think he’d be willing to help us after all these years?’
Victor sighed. ‘The man is barely a hundred years older than you,’ he said. ‘Besides, he was a key figure in forging the truce that ended the first immortal war. I doubt he would want to see a second one.’ He glanced at his father. ‘And I’m sure he’s not the only Crovir who will want to stop Vellacrus,’ he added enigmatically.
Costas grunted. ‘Still, I never thought I’d see the day when a member of the Bastian First Council would request assistance from a Crovir.’
Roman’s eyes narrowed at these words. ‘There is far too much at stake here for our pride to get in the way,’ he said coldly. ‘We’re talking about the mass genocide of an entire race of immortals.’
‘Hey, let’s not forget the puny mortals, shall we?’ Reid said wryly.
Roman glanced at him and nodded brusquely. ‘You’re right. I apologise.’ He looked out of the windows of the study. It was still dark outside. ‘I propose we all get some rest. If I’m correct in my assumptions, I believe we’ll hear from some of the Crovir Council members themselves by morning.’
Roman Dvorsky’s guess turned out to be more than accurate. Too restless to sleep after the events of the previous twenty-four hours, I was standing at the window of my bedroom and watching dawn break across the land when a knock sounded at the door. It was Victor.
‘Reznak just called,’ he said without preamble. ‘He wants to meet.’ He hesitated. ‘I thought you should come along.’ I studied him silently, nodded and gathered my weapons.
The door to Reid’s room opened when we strolled past it. He paused on the threshold and yawned. ‘What’s up?’ he said. His eyes narrowed when he took in our attire and the swords at my waist.
‘We’re meeting with the Crovirs,’ said Victor. ‘I want Lucas with us.’
‘If he’s going then so am I,’ said Reid.
Victor glanced at me. I shrugged mutely. He sighed.
The sun was washing the landscape in shades of gold when we stepped out onto the porch. The grass on the lawn still bore the fading whiteness of an overnight frost and the chill in the air hinted at the approaching winter.
Costas and a group of ten Bastian Hunters stood waiting for us on the gravelled driveway. We climbed into a pair of vans and drove away from the estate.
The meeting point was the ruins of an ancient medieval castle several miles south of Prague. Situated on a low knoll between two villages, it was enclosed by a mile of heavy woodland. The only way to reach the deserted site was up a narrow, rutted track lined with thick undergrowth and crowded by trees.
Branches and leaves scraped noisily against the doors and the underside of our vehicle as the driver negotiated the muddy, steep trail. Up ahead, fresh tire marks were visible in the dirt. The path finally levelled off and the vans pulled to a stop in front of a waterlogged field.
The brow of the hill was dotted with the rubble of what was once an extensive castle wall. Some of the moss-covered stones showed signs of recent quarry activity and the tall grass bore traces of faded lorry tracks. The forest had encroached upon the boundaries of the fortress and trees and bushes proliferated wildly across the ruins. From amongst them emerged a group of men dressed mostly in utilitarian black.
We made our way across the field towards the waiting party, Victor leading the way. He paused several feet from the silent figures.
‘Dimitri,’ he said, nodding to the middle-aged man in a dove grey suit at the head of the group. ‘It’s been a long time.’
I studied the stranger Victor had addressed. Had he been wearing black like the immortals around him, Dimitri Reznak would still have stood out amongst his entourage. Although he was an inch shorter than Dvorsky, he was heavier set in the shoulders. His full lips, straight wide nose and strong jaw suggested a Slavic ancestry. His eyes were deep and dark beneath a pair of bushy eyebrows.
‘Same to you,’ the Crovir replied in a husky voice. ‘I must say, the years have served you well. You don’t look a day older than the last time I saw you.’ He paused and glanced over Victor’s shoulder. ‘Costas, on the other hand, appears to have aged by at least a couple of centuries.’
The Bastian Council member frowned heavily. ‘As rude as ever, I see,’ he grumbled.
Reznak smiled. The change to his countenance was surprising. ‘You just bring out the best in me,’ he said lightly. His gaze shifted and he stared at me with a carefully neutral expression. I gazed back at him steadily. ‘I see you brought Soul with you.’ His tone remained light while he addressed Victor. ‘Should I be concerned?’
It was Victor who broke the tense silence that followed. ‘Lucas has a deeply vested interest in this matter,’ he said coolly. ‘After all, the Crovir Hunters have been trying to kill him for the last two weeks.’
‘You’re right,’ Reznak admitted with a faint grin. ‘I have to say, my section hasn’t exactly had a lot to do with that.’ He looked to my side. ‘Who’s the human?’
‘I’m with him,’ Reid replied, cocking his thumb my way. ‘It’s the eyes, isn’t it? It’s gotta be the eyes,’ he muttered under his breath.
Reznak’s grin widened. ‘By the way, that was quite some stunt you guys pulled last night,’ he said to Victor. ‘It took Vellacrus by surprise. To be honest, we haven’t seen that kind of action since the days of the war.’
My eyes narrowed at his words. There was something I needed to know. ‘How’s Thorne?’ I said.
Reznak shrugged. ‘He’ll live.’ He studied me curiously. ‘I’m surprised you didn’t finish him off.’
‘I had my reasons,’ I said quietly.
Reznak gazed at me for silent seconds. ‘Let’s walk, shall we?’ he said finally.





Chapter Twenty


‘Last night was the first we heard of Vellacrus’s grand plans concerning the immortality serum and the Red Death virus. Judging by the reactions of the Council members in the room, a number of them already knew the broader details of the scheme.’ Dimitri Reznak paused and frowned. ‘The rest of us were justifiably shocked and horrified, to say the least.’
Costas scowled. ‘You’re on the list,’ he said grimly.
Reznak glanced at him calmly. ‘You mean the one containing the names of the hallowed few Vellacrus has chosen to bestow the gift of true immortality upon?’ He sighed. ‘Trust me, it will give me no joy to be one of her army of eternal followers. Life as an immortal is long enough.’ He grimaced. ‘And can you imagine me swearing fealty to her, like in the old days?’ He removed a Cuban cigar from the inside pocket of his coat and lit up. ‘To be honest,’ he murmured after he inhaled deeply, ‘there are times when I really look forward to the final death.’
The silence was broken by the squawking of a pair of crows as they lifted off the ground ahead of us. ‘She must be stopped,’ Victor stated flatly.
‘I couldn’t agree more,’ muttered Reznak.
Victor frowned. ‘Who else will help?’
The Crovir noble was quiet for a while. ‘I know of at least two other First Council members and several in the Second Council and the Assembly who will want to see Vellacrus’s plans fail,’ he said finally. ‘Their men are loyal to them, as are mine.’ He hesitated. ‘To be honest, some of us have been thinking that it was time to put an end to Vellacrus’s rule. Her actions will undoubtedly lead us to another immortal war. She never wanted the original truce in the first place, but since she wasn’t the leader of the Order of Crovir Hunters at the time, she couldn’t influence that decision.’ A humourless laugh escaped his lips. ‘It looks like she’s about to get her wish.’
‘Still, she has many faithful followers,’ said Victor guardedly.
‘Yes, she does,’ said Reznak with a nod. ‘Half of them do so out of greed and a hunger for power. The other half are just too afraid to face up to her.’ He paused. ‘But if another potential leader was to come to the fore and challenge her ...’ He lapsed into silence.
A faint smile appeared on Victor’s face. ‘Are we in the presence of her proposed replacement?’ he drawled.
The Crovir noble shrugged. ‘Who knows what the future holds,’ he said, a shrewd light gleaming in his eyes. He stopped suddenly and turned to face me. ‘However, the question still remains, Lucas Soul. If and when the time comes, will you have the courage to end it all?’ His gaze was curiously intense and his voice laced with steel as he spoke. ‘Will you really be able to kill your own kin in cold blood?’ The wind picked up, causing ripples to course across the grass. Dead leaves and twigs snapped and swirled around our feet in an unruly dance in the expectant silence that followed.
The question hardly surprised me. After last night, I knew that the Bastians shared the same concern. Up until yesterday, I had had similar doubts. Then, for the fiftieth time in the last eight hours, I thought of the look in Agatha Vellacrus’s eyes. ‘Yes,’ I finally said in a cold and steady tone.
Reznak’s stare persisted for several long seconds. Finally, he grunted and nodded at me with a strangely satisfied expression. ‘The vaccine for the new Red Death is being made at our lab in Germany,’ said the Crovir noble as we resumed our stroll. ‘Burnstein had the virus flown across from the States a month ago. From what Vellacrus revealed to us last night, they’re probably days away from the final product. The next step will be to carry out a short, accelerated trial on a group of volunteers to identify any potentially hazardous side effects. Once she gets the all clear from Burnstein’s scientists, Vellacrus will start the inoculation programme.’
We reached the crest of the hill. Reznak stopped and studied the landscape stretched at our feet with a frown. ‘One more thing. Vellacrus intends to put all the resources of our Councils into hunting down Anna Godard. Wherever she is, she won’t be safe for long.’ He glanced at Victor. ‘Pinchter is not the only Bastian willing to betray you for the gift of true immortality. There will be others eager to work with Thorne and Vellacrus.’
Victor’s eyes narrowed. ‘Do you have names?’
Reznak shook his head. ‘Unfortunately, Vellacrus isn’t that trusting. I believe only she and Thorne know the identities of the possible traitors in your midst.’
Victor studied the Crovir immortal for silent seconds. ‘Tell us about Germany,’ he said finally.
We returned to the Dvorskies’ estate an hour later. The air had lost its wintry chill and the sun was warm on my face when I stepped out of the van. I followed the others inside the mansion, my mind still filled with the information that Reznak had shared with us.
The foyer was crowded and noisy. The Bastians were busy packing: Victor had called his father on the drive back and updated him on the meeting.
‘Is it true? The Crovirs may only be days away from completing the vaccine?’ Anna said breathlessly as she crossed the hall towards me. I nodded grimly. Her eyes darkened.
Victor came up behind her. ‘We need to move you to another safe house,’ he said.
Anna glanced at him with a distracted frown. ‘Yes, I know.’
‘The equipment you asked for will be there.’ Victor stopped a passing Hunter in his tracks and handed him a sheet of paper. ‘Here, give this to the techs. They’re the codes for the Crovirs’ satellites.’ He turned back to Anna. ‘We’ve located eight Bastian and human scientists specialising in the areas that you wanted. They should be making their way to the compound even as we speak.’
Tomas Godard appeared next to Anna and laid a hand on her shoulder. ‘It’ll be all right, child. I won’t leave you,’ he said gruffly.
Anna placed her fingers over her grandfather’s and stared at me intently. ‘Get me something from that lab,’ she said in a low voice. ‘Without a sample of that virus or the vaccine, we haven’t got a chance in hell of stopping the Crovirs.’ Her narrowed gaze shifted to my left. ‘And you, make sure he’s okay.’
‘Yes ma’m,’ drawled Reid.
Anna and Tomas headed for the front doors. The sound of rotor blades rose from outside. I frowned as I stared at the black chopper landing on the lawn. ‘How many men are you sending with them?’ I said, troubled at the thought of being separated from the Godards.
Victor sighed. ‘From here on it’ll only be Costas and Grigoriye.’ I glared at him and opened my mouth to voice a protest. He put a hand up to hush me. ‘The chopper will transport them to an abandoned airfield some miles from here, where they’ll take a jet to their final destination.’ He paused. ‘The Bastian Hunters guarding the safe house won’t have a clue who they’re protecting. And the fewer people know about it, the better.’
Victor’s words made sense. Still, I could not quieten the feeling of dread in my gut. I walked out to the porch and watched the Godards leave moments later, my sense of unease unabated. Anna’s grim face disappeared from view as the helicopter rose towards the azure skies.
‘You ready?’ said Victor behind me.
I turned and glanced around. ‘Your father’s not coming?’ I said, mildly surprised.
Victor shook his head. ‘He needs to talk to the Bastian Councils, as well as the Assembly. Not everyone believes that Vellacrus has such a terrible plan in motion. Now that we have some evidence, it should be easier to convince them that action needs to be taken.’ He looked over his shoulder at the mansion. Roman walked past one of the windows of the study; he was talking on his cell and frowning. ‘We have to gather as many troops as we can.’ He turned a sombre gaze my way. ‘I fear we will need them all at the end.’
Victor’s words were still ringing in my ears when we crossed the border into Germany a few hours later. According to Reznak’s intel, the Crovirs’ research lab was located outside the town of Amberg, in the state of Bavaria. By the time the convoy of SUVs reached the heavy woodland that enclosed the facility, a group of local Bastian Hunters had completed a preliminary recon of the site.
‘This is a map of the area,’ said the leader of the team as he led us to a makeshift tent between the trees. The immortal, whose name was Friedrich, pointed at the prints laid out on a foldable table. ‘And these are satellite images from an hour ago.’
We studied the pictures in silence. I glanced at Reid. He frowned. This was not exactly going to be a walk in the park.
‘How deep is this thing?’ Victor finally said, his fingers tracing the thermal outline of the large underground structure that dominated the satellite photos.
‘Our best estimate? About two thousand feet,’ the Bastian Hunter replied briskly. ‘And that’s just the first level.’
Anatole whistled softly under his breath and earned himself a dark look from Bruno.
Friedrich indicated different sections of the pictures. ‘From what we can deduce, the labs are located at the very center of the structure, here and here. The rest of the facility consists of a number of specially designed ventilation shafts, four security rooms, a canteen, a gym, and the administrative and living quarters of the staff.’ He paused and looked at Victor. ‘We’ve patrolled the perimeter and can confirm that the number of guards is accurate.’
A grim smile crossed Victor’s face as he studied the multitude of heat signals on the images. ‘Vellacrus has already increased security. Somehow I’m not surprised.’
‘Going overland undetected is going to be virtually impossible,’ continued the Bastian team leader. ‘Even if you disable their satellites, they’ll shoot us down before we get within spitting distance of the main elevator shaft.’ A faint grin tugged at his lips. ‘Luckily, we’ve found an alternative if somewhat unconventional route to get inside.’ One of his men handed him a large roll of paper. He unfolded it across the tabletop.
I pushed aside the feelings of trepidation I still harboured about the Godards, took a step forward and studied the printout. ‘What’re we looking at?’
Friedrich hesitated and glanced at Victor. Dvorsky nodded slightly. The Hunter cleared his throat. ‘It’s a mining map of the area. This entire forest is located above the remains of an old coal mine. You probably passed the disused main gates on the way here.’ He tapped the paper. ‘We’ve identified three other access points into the facility; here, here and here. Two of the tunnels are being guarded by the Crovirs.’ He looked up. ‘The third one isn’t.’
I frowned.
‘What’s the catch?’ said Victor with narrowed eyes.
‘The tunnel collapsed,’ Friedrich said bluntly. ‘Not completely, obviously,’ he added at our expressions. ‘There’s about twelve feet of rubble blocking the entrance. Beyond that, it looks clear all the way.’ His fingers moved across the thermal images. ‘There are too many shafts and side passages for a security team to be able to cover practically, even with the added number of guards. And they have to have safety exits for the facility. This tunnel leads to one of them. We’ve already confirmed that they have no cameras down there.’ He hesitated. ‘There’s a strong possibility that the rest of the tunnel is unstable. It may explain why they seem unconcerned about guarding it. However, I believe it’s our best chance of getting in without being detected.’
‘Lucas?’ Victor’s eyebrows rose questioningly as he looked at me.
I stared at the map and the satellite images on the table before glancing at Reid. He shrugged. ‘He’s right,’ I said quietly.
Victor nodded briskly. ‘I concur.’ He turned to Friedrich. ‘We’ll leave half of the men on the surface. We might need them for back-up.’
Friedrich’s team had used their time well. When we reached the site of the entrance to the coal mine, a micro digger was being unloaded from the back of a flatbed truck. Steel girders lay on the ground next to it. ‘We borrowed them from a local construction site,’ said Friedrich by way of explanation at our stares.
‘What’s the steel for?’ said Reid curiously.
‘They’re to support the tunnel entrance,’ replied Friedrich. He smiled grimly. ‘We’ll need an escape route if we get out of there alive.’
‘Ah,’ Reid murmured.
Anatole had gone pale. Bruno looked at him with a frown. ‘What’s wrong?’
The immortal’s expression turned mournful. ‘You know how I feel about underground spaces,’ he muttered.
The bodyguard stared at him. ‘We were underground at Benisek’s mansion,’ he said pointedly.
‘Yeah, but at least I could see the starlight and smell the fresh air,’ Anatole replied morosely. ‘This is gonna be like that time in Rome. Remember? When we were in the catacombs?’ He sighed. ‘God, I hated that trip. The rats were the size of my arm.’
Bruno rolled his eyes.
The tunnel was clear for the first ten feet. Beyond that, an impenetrable wall of compacted earth, wood and rock barred the way. It took an hour for the digger to move the core of the debris. After the last support beam was fixed into place, we geared up and checked our weapons.
Victor was staying topside to cover us. He placed a hand on my shoulder as I turned to follow the others into the passage. ‘Be careful,’ he said steadily. ‘I’ll be waiting for your return.’ I nodded briskly and climbed through the ragged opening after Reid and the Bastians.
It was like stepping inside a tomb. The air was dry and choked with the dust stirred up by the excavation. The light from our torch beams washed over rusting roof bolts and girders supporting a low, irregular ceiling. Timber frames propped up sections of the walls. Some had given way over time, causing tiny landslides that revealed the bare rock underneath. The odd pickaxe and shovel still littered the floor.
‘You okay?’ said Reid. He was looking at me with a frown.
‘Yeah, I’m fine,’ I murmured, trying to mask the grimace on my face. To be truthful, I was not particularly comfortable with confined underground spaces either. Months spent in the battle trenches during the First World War had seen to that. I also had a highly unpleasant memory from my time in Vienna in 1683, when I became trapped for several days in one of the city’s ancient tunnels after it caved in behind me. Had it not been for a fortuitous explosion from a nearby Ottoman mine, I would have been buried alive for the rest of the siege, along with the rats. I took a deep breath and headed deeper into the mine.
Up ahead, Anatole muttered a short prayer.
A hundred feet in, we came to an open elevator shaft descending into pitch blackness. Friedrich shone his torch over the control box at the side and pulled a lever. Nothing happened. He opened the panel, changed a fuse and tried again. A high-pitched roar erupted from the old electric motor. The gears engaged and the elevator whined into life.
A wire cage rose shakily from the abyss, past the corroded rungs of an emergency ladder. We climbed inside and started a slow, rickety descent into the gloom. Two hundred feet down, horizontal galleries started to appear off the central shaft. They looked abandoned.
‘How far are we going?’ said Anatole uneasily as he eyed the tunnels being reclaimed by the shadows above us.
‘All the way to the bottom,’ replied Friedrich.
The lift eventually stuttered to a stop about a thousand feet below ground. We exited the wire cage warily. Despite the glare of our torch beams, the darkness at the bottom of the pit had a suffocating, cloying quality that threatened to overwhelm the senses. I could hear Anatole’s heavy breaths somewhere to my left.
‘There had better not be rats,’ the immortal murmured to no one in particular.
A tunnel opened up ahead of us. We entered the low, straight passage. More galleries appeared, branching off the main conduit at regular intervals. We passed several caved-in channels. Half a mile later, a faint whine emerged in the distance.
‘What’s that?’ said Reid.
‘The fans in the south-west ventilation shaft,’ murmured Friedrich. ‘We’re close to the facility.’
I removed the Glock from the holster on my thigh and nudged the safety catch off. Soft clicks around me indicated that the others were doing the same. I could feel tension spreading through the group. A muted light appeared in front of us. The soles of our boots struck concrete. The darkness receded.
We stopped on the edge of a brightly lit, circular vertical duct.
The shaft was thirty feet wide and smooth walled. Some fifty feet below, the blades of a horizontal fan rotated lazily, drawing air down from the surface. Other fans were visible beneath it. I looked up.
The roof of the borehole was lost in darkness. Narrow handrails rose on the east side of the shaft and disappeared into the gloom.
‘Oh boy,’ Anatole murmured behind me.
Friedrich holstered his gun and removed a pistol bow from his backpack. He squinted through the crosshairs of the telescopic sight at the tunnel on the opposite side of the duct and pulled the trigger. There was a soft thump as the arrow carrying a zip line thudded into the concrete ceiling. Another Hunter drilled a hole in the roof above our heads, screwed in a steel eye bolt and fastened the end of the cable to it.
Friedrich unhooked a carabiner from his harness, locked himself onto the line and quickly winched himself over the gaping space. We followed him across one at a time.
The passage on the other side of the ventilation shaft extended another eighty feet before stopping at a rusty air-tight door. It took three of us to twist open the stiff, circular wheel that sealed it shut. Moments later, the panel finally creaked and moved on its hinges.
We gazed over the threshold into the bowels of a modern elevator shaft.
‘Now we go down,’ said Friedrich quietly, indicating the metal rungs that ran along the wall outside the doorway.
Six hundred feet below, we came to a stationary lift cabin. We continued past it and reached the base of the shaft minutes later.
A single, narrow access door stood in the north wall of the structure. No sound escaped from beyond it. I slipped the katana out of its scabbard and gripped the handle of the Glock tightly.
Friedrich glanced at us with a frown. ‘Ready?’ he said tensely.
Anatole shrugged. ‘As ready as we’ll ever be, I guess,’ he murmured.
The Bastian Hunter grabbed the circular handle, turned it and pulled the door towards him.





Chapter Twenty-One


An empty boiler room lay beyond the base of the ventilation shaft. We crossed the dim space carefully, our eyes scanning the shadows; any noise we made was muffled by the rumble and hiss from the pipes on the walls and ceiling around us.
A second door appeared on the other side of the boiler room. It led to a narrow white corridor. A staircase was visible at the opposite end of the passage.
‘The labs should be a couple of levels beneath us,’ said Friedrich. He was staring intently at the security camera in a corner of the ceiling above the doorway. ‘Are we good to go?’ he murmured into the mouthpiece of his microphone.
‘You’re clear,’ a voice replied in our earpieces. The Bastian techs had used the access codes provided by Reznak to infiltrate the Crovirs’ satellites and temporarily override the CCTV system inside the research facility. A series of false images would replace the actual pictures being recorded and ideally fool the security guards long enough for us to get in and out of the labs. We headed along the corridor in single file and started down the stairs.
We had just reached the first landing when a door clanged open somewhere above us. We froze and flattened ourselves against the wall. Rapid footsteps echoed on the metal steps and faded in the distance. We waited a moment before resuming our descent.
Two storeys below, we came to a high containment, stainless steel door. A glazed circular window sat in the top half of the panel: beyond it was an empty, sterile white corridor. I stared at the airtight seals around the frame and the coded access security panel next to the handle with a sinking feeling.
‘That’s not good,’ said Reid quietly.
Friedrich slipped a small rectangular device from his bag. It was an electronic door opener. As he moved to connect it to the security panel, I placed a hand on his shoulder and stopped him. ‘That’ll take too long,’ I said with a frown.
The Bastian Hunter looked at the device before staring at me steadily. ‘Do you have a better idea?’
‘Yes. Does anyone have a wireless cell phone?’
The Hunters glanced at each other warily. Reid smiled. Bruno hesitated before handing me his phone. I flipped the security panel open and connected a pair of wires to the back of the device.
‘I thought you couldn’t get a signal this far below ground,’ said Anatole as they watched me work.
‘Most modern mines have advanced digital communication systems,’ I murmured, my fingers dancing over the touch screen. ‘Even though this one is old, it would surprise me if the Crovirs hadn’t installed the latest technology for their labs.’
Seconds later, a low beep issued from the containment door. It hissed open on silent hinges. I disconnected the cell and handed it back to Bruno.
Friedrich’s eyebrows rose slightly. ‘I’m impressed,’ he murmured.
‘You should’ve seen what he did to Burnstein’s safe,’ said Reid with a grin.
We moved soundlessly into the corridor beyond. Thirty feet in, we reached a junction. Friedrich peered around the corner of the wall and drew his head back sharply. The sound of footsteps rose close by, echoing loudly on the concrete floor, before gradually dying in the distance.
The Bastian team leader looked at me with a faint frown. ‘We’ll take the north lab,’ he said, pointing to his men. ‘You take the south one.’ He paused and gave me a steady stare. ‘Good luck.’ He offered his hand.
I hesitated: it was the closest I had ever gotten to a friendly gesture from a Bastian Hunter. I shook his hand and nodded. We parted ways, Reid, Anatole and Bruno following behind me.
Five minutes later, my earpiece crackled into life. Friedrich’s voice came across. ‘Does something strike you as odd?’ murmured the Bastian Hunter.
‘Yes,’ I said quietly. ‘This place is dead.’
The underground facility was deserted. We had already crossed several corridors and passed more than a dozen side passages, all devoid of signs of life. The only sounds disturbing the tomb-like silence were the buzz from the overhead fluorescent strips and the hum of an occasional vending machine.
‘From the number of guards we saw on the recon images, this place should be crawling with Crovirs,’ said Friedrich. ‘Something’s off.’
We paused at a crossroad and studied another pair of empty hallways. ‘I think he might be right,’ Reid muttered.
‘Wait.’ Friedrich’s tone was tense over the earpiece. ‘I see something.’ There was a long pause. ‘We’ve reached the lab.’ I heard a muffled hiss, followed by a protracted silence. ‘It’s empty,’ said Friedrich.
A cold chill ran down my spine at his words. ‘What do you mean?’
‘There’s no one here,’ Friedrich continued uneasily. ‘Most of the equipment’s gone as well.’ Rustling noises came across the earpiece. ‘I can see a decontamination room. It must lead to another lab.’ He paused. ‘I’m gonna check it out.’
‘Be careful,’ I said stiffly, trying to qualm the ominous foreboding growing inside me.
‘Hey!’ someone called out. I looked around. Bruno had wandered to the end of the east hallway: he was staring at something in an adjacent corridor, his gun pointed downward. ‘I found a dead guy.’ We joined him and looked at the body on the floor.
The man was dressed in a white, gas-tight decontamination suit complete with clamped boots, gloves and a hood with a shattered laminated visor. The mode of death was clearly evident: there was a single bullet wound in the middle of his forehead. Rigor mortis had set in and he lay stiffly against the pair of high containment glass doors at his back. A sign above the lintel read “UL 2”.
Beyond the transparent walls, lights glowed and winked on instruments sitting atop the work surfaces of a lab. Another set of glass doors stood closed on the other side of the room. A second body was visible through it.
I lifted the pass key from the dead man’s waist and moved it across the access panel to the right. The doors beeped and slid open silently. We stepped inside the lab.
‘What the hell is going on?’ muttered Bruno.
I studied the array of complex equipment that crowded the worktops before opening the storage compartments and fridges scattered around the lab. There was no sign of anything remotely resembling a hazardous, biological product-containment device, or a vaccine. ‘It’s a trap,’ I said dully. I paused in front of the doors leading to the next room. ‘Vellacrus must have known we were coming.’
Anatole frowned. ‘How? We only left Prague a few hours ago.’
‘I can only think of two reasons.’ I waved the pass key across the access panel and crossed the threshold into the inner chamber. ‘Either she’s a tactical genius, or someone betrayed us.’ I paused and glanced over my shoulder at the immortals. ‘If I was a betting man, I’d go with the latter option.’ I stopped by the second body and crouched down.
It belonged to a young woman. Like the man in the corridor, she was also dressed in a decontamination suit and had suffered a bullet wound to the chest. In her final death throes, her body had twisted sideways and her outstretched hand reached out towards a stainless steel door to the left of the room.
‘I take it these people weren’t immortals,’ Reid said quietly behind me.
I straightened. ‘No. They were probably hired from the nearest town.’ I walked to the steel door and stared through the oval glass port in the top half of the panel. The first stirrings of anger rose above the feelings of dread that still twisted through my gut.
‘What’s through there?’ said Reid.
‘It’s an airlock chamber.’ I studied the grey space behind the door. ‘It must lead to a decontamination room and a sterile lab.’ I opened it and stepped across the threshold. There were two suits on the wall. Reid came in behind me and started to climb into one of them. ‘What’re you doing?’ I said stiffly.
Reid paused and met my stare with a frown. ‘We’re not having this discussion again,’ he said gruffly. ‘Just shut up and get in the suit.’
I observed him for silent seconds before sighing loudly. I turned towards the doorway, where Bruno and Anatole stood watching us. ‘See if you can find anything on the computers,’ I told the two immortals. ‘They may not have erased the hard drives.’
The door closed after us with an ominous hiss. Another opened up ahead. I left the daisho in the airlock chamber and followed Reid into the decontamination shower. Moments later, there was a sensation of pressure and air whistled from the room. The light on the next containment door changed to green and a panel slid aside. We entered a small, brightly-lit, sterile lab.
The facility was still functional. Instruments gleamed and thrummed on the counters that lined the wall to our right, the steady buzz from the machines penetrating through the soles of our boots. A single, tall glass fridge squatted on the floor next to them: to my dismay, the shelves inside were empty.
‘It’s a good thing Anatole didn’t come with us,’ I murmured, glancing at the containment cages on a table. The bloated and bruised bodies of several dead rats lay inside.
‘Lucas,’ Reid said softly behind me. I turned and looked to where he stared.
A glass wall rose behind and to our left, separating the inner lab from yet another chamber. Inside it were three gurneys. Stacks of medical equipment crowded the space around the beds and almost overshadowed the bodies lying upon them. They were still attached to life monitors and IV drips. The machines had been turned off.
I took a step towards the door in the middle of the glass wall.
Reid frowned. ‘What are you doing?’
‘They may still be alive,’ I said flatly, reaching for the pass key at my waist.
‘They look dead enough from here,’ Reid muttered. He followed me into the second room.
The body on the first bed was that of a young woman. Several IVs were hooked to her arms and a central line dangled from her neck. There was a disconnected ET tube taped to her mouth.
‘What the hell?’ Reid’s eyes widened in consternation as he slowly moved to the second bed. The body of a man lay in it. Tubes and wires dotted his arms and legs, and he was attached to an array of silent machines.
This time, the coldness that gripped me felt arctic. I studied the purple and necrotic lesions that covered the visible areas of skin on the two corpses with rising horror.
Dry blood coated the eyes and orifices of the dead man and woman, while rust coloured stains dotted the white sheets beneath them in a macabre patchwork where they had bled from their IVs and their lower gut.
‘They were infected with the virus,’ I said slowly, surprised at how calm my voice sounded despite the emotions raging inside me.
Reid stared at the bodies. ‘Why would they do that?’
‘To see whether it worked.’ I took a deep breath and tried to suppress the rage and dread that threatened to overwhelm me before moving to the third bed.
The last figure was also that of a man. His skin was covered in the same lesions as the first two and one of his IVs was attached to a working drip stand. A drop of blood had oozed out of his left nostril. As I watched, it trickled down his cheek. My eyes widened.
‘He’s still alive!’ I moved quickly to the side of the gurney and reached for the man’s wrist. There was a faint pulse there. I looked up and saw his eyelids flicker open.
The man blinked and gazed at me blindly. ‘Yanof? Is that you?’ he murmured weakly through dry, cracked lips.
It was obvious that he could not see clearly through the visor of the suit. Either that or he was delirious from his sickness. I hesitated before holding his hand gently. ‘Yes, it’s me,’ I lied in a steady voice.
The man swallowed convulsively, a low rasp escaping his parched throat. He slowly lifted his head off the pillow and grabbed the front of my suit in a surprisingly strong grip. ‘Burnstein tricked us, Yanof!’ he hissed. ‘He said he was going to give us the vaccine, but he injected us with the virus instead. You have to get out of here! Get out before it’s too late!’ He collapsed back onto the bed, his chest shuddering from the effort of his words.
I frowned in frustration. Our time was running out. I leaned across the gurney. ‘Listen! Is there anywhere else in the lab where they might have stored the virus or the vaccine?’ I said urgently. ‘Please, tell me!’
The man’s eyes closed. For a moment, I feared that he had passed away. A second later, his eyelids fluttered open once more and he struggled to focus on my face. ‘They took it all away,’ he whispered. ‘I saw them. There’s nothing left.’ He gasped. ‘I heard Burnstein say ... they were taking it to America.’ With those words, he took a final rattling breath and his face settled in a peaceful expression. I lowered his limp hand to the sheet and slowly closed his staring eyes.
At that moment, the walls and floor of the lab shook violently. A cloud of white plaster dust drifted down from the ceiling. The fading sounds of a distant blast reached us.
Reid and I stared at each other. ‘What was that?’ I said tensely in the mouthpiece.
There was a burst of static in my earpiece. Anatole’s voice came through brokenly. ‘Explosion—other lab—Friedrich and—trapped—we’ve gotta go!’
I looked around the room, my heart slamming a rapid tempo against my ribs. ‘Listen to me carefully,’ I said to Anatole while I frantically started to open drawers. Reid watched me with a puzzled frown. ‘I want you to leave right now. Rescue the others if you can, then get out of here!’
There was a short silence from the earpiece. ‘What about you?’ Bruno’s overwrought voice came across clearly.
I finally found what I was searching for inside one of the trolleys. ‘We’ll manage. Now go!’ I said harshly, lifting a sterile needle and syringe out of a plastic wrapper.
Reid stared as I tied a tourniquet around the dead man’s arm. ‘What’re you doing?’ he said dully.
‘We need a sample of the virus.’ I slid the needle under the man’s skin. ‘This is the next best thing.’ Dark red blood filled the attached syringe. I hesitated and glanced at him. ‘You should go too.’
Reid’s eyebrows rose behind the visor. ‘What the hell makes you think I’m going to leave without you?’
I smiled faintly and capped the needle. There was a secured biohazard container in a cupboard in the next room: I placed the syringe inside the metal flask and sealed it shut. We were slipping out of the white suits in the outer chamber when a second explosion made the floor tremble beneath our feet. This one had sounded closer.
I grabbed the daisho and ran out of the airlock after Reid. We hurried past the dead woman and man into the outer lab and entered the dust-filled corridor. We had just reached the junction to the next hallway when the roof caved in behind us, crushing the lab in a mound of debris. A cloud of fine plaster and brick dirt billowed past us.
Reid and I dropped to the floor and stuck close to the walls, trying not to inhale the gritty air. It took us several minutes to reach the passage that led to the stairs. In that time, more explosions rocked the foundations of the underground facility.
A shadow suddenly loomed in front of us. ‘It’s me,’ said Bruno, staring past the barrels of our guns. He shifted the unconscious man across his shoulder. Behind him, Anatole was dragging a second wounded immortal towards the containment door.
I lowered the Glock. ‘Is that everyone?’
Bruno shook his head. ‘Friedrich’s still back there,’ he said with a frown, indicating the corridor to his left. ‘He’s bringing the last of his men out.’
A blast suddenly brought down part of the passage Reid and I had just exited. Seconds later, a strip light shattered onto the wall of rubble. The ceiling creaked ominously.
We rose to our feet and stared at the debris. ‘It’ll be faster if one of us helps them,’ I said quietly and turned towards the relatively untouched hallway leading to the north lab.
‘This place is about to come down on our heads!’ Bruno barked. ‘We should head back.’ He paused. ‘Look, Friedrich’s a Hunter. This is how we work. Besides, we can dig them out later.’ He hesitated. ‘Victor will—’
‘Victor will understand,’ I interrupted roughly. The bodyguard’s frown deepened. ‘Everyone suspects that I might be truly immortal,’ I said patiently. ‘Now’s as good a time as any to test that theory.’ The immortal looked unconvinced by my words. I reached inside my backpack, removed the biohazard container and threw it at Reid. He caught the metal flask and stared at me with a puzzled expression. ‘You need to go.’ This time my tone was resolute.
A scowl darkened Reid’s face. The canister flew back across the corridor and hit me in the chest. I grunted. ‘You’ve gotta be kidding me,’ he muttered, stalking past in a huff. I sighed, slipped the container inside the pack and followed in his footsteps.
‘Where’re they going?’ said Anatole behind us.
‘To save Friedrich,’ Bruno replied bitterly. I caught the immortal’s faintly murmured words as we turned the corner. ‘Goddamned bloody heroes.’
‘Hey, he called us heroes,’ I said lightly.
‘Shut up,’ Reid grunted grimly. There was another detonation elsewhere in the facility. The floor shuddered beneath our feet. Moments later, we reached a dead end.
A wall of bricks and plaster obstructed our path: the cloud of dust was only just settling.
‘Wasn’t this the way to the lab?’ said Reid.
‘Ah-huh,’ I murmured with a slow nod.
Reid glanced at me. ‘Is there another way around?’
I looked over my shoulder. ‘I don’t think so,’ I replied with a sinking feeling. A faint noise drew my gaze back to the rubble. There was a disturbance in the mound of debris. Dirt trickled out in a minor landslide near the bottom of the barricade. Fingertips appeared in the gap, followed by the rest of a hand.
Reid and I started to dig wordlessly. Seconds later, I grabbed the flailing arm and we pulled the buried man out. It was Friedrich. Blood oozed from a jagged, gaping wound on his grimy forehead. His left leg was broken in at least two places.
The Bastian Hunter blinked and gazed at me in mild confusion. His eyes suddenly widened. He tried to sit up and choked. ‘One of my men was behind me!’ he gasped between hoarse coughs.
It was another minute before Reid and I removed the second immortal from the wreckage of the collapsed ceiling. The man had severe crush injuries to the chest and legs and was barely conscious.
The whole corridor shook violently as another explosion rocked the underground lab. The wall of rubble shifted with an ominous groan. ‘I think now would be a good time to get out of here,’ said Reid, staring at the unstable heap. I nodded briskly. We hauled the wounded men upright and headed towards the exit.
‘Why did you come back for us?’ said Friedrich, his words punctuated by painful grunts.
Reid and I glanced at each other. ‘We don’t make a habit of leaving our men behind,’ I said quietly.
The immortal lapsed into thoughtful silence. ‘That’s very altruistic and admirable, but still kinda dumb,’ he eventually muttered.
‘Yeah, well, dumb is our middle name,’ said Reid with a wry smile. I grinned faintly.
We reached the corridor to the steel containment door and started up the stairs. Four feet from the final landing, a detonation blasted through the open stairwell above our heads. I looked up. My eyes widened when I saw the deadly debris falling towards us. ‘Run!’ I shouted, racing up the final steps.
We entered the boiler room in a thick cloud of plaster dust, broken bricks and metal fragments. The ground trembled again. Pipes burst around us, releasing jets of hot steam that further obscured our vision. More percussions shook the walls as wreckage continued to pound into the base of the stairwell.
We were halfway across the floor when another blast brought part of the ceiling down around us.
Buzzing stillness followed. I blinked and coughed dirt out of my mouth before looking around slowly. I was lying on my back under a thin layer of rubble. A jagged piece of metal protruded from the ground inches from my left eye. I rolled over carefully, disturbing my earthly blanket, and crawled to my knees. Friedrich groaned somewhere in the gloom.
Reid was climbing to his feet a few yards to my right. He shook his head dazedly and looked up. ‘Hell, talk about bad luck,’ he said flatly after a pause.
I turned and gazed in the direction he stared at, which was the access door to the elevator shaft. Or rather, where the door should have been. The mountain of shattered concrete and twisted metal that now stood before it was evident under the weak glow of the emergency light on what remained of the ceiling. I rose unsteadily to my feet and stared at the impenetrable barrier with a sinking feeling.
‘We’re trapped,’ Friedrich said dully.
I ignored the immortal and carefully climbed across the uneven floor to the mound of debris; I was damned if a heap of bricks and mortar was going to stop us after all we had been through. ‘There’s a crack in the wall at the side,’ I said after studying the obstruction for a while. I traced the jagged lips of the fracture with my fingers, an idea taking shape in my mind. ‘We could blast our way through,’ I said, turning to look at the others.
Reid frowned. ‘That could bring the whole place down on our heads,’ he said skeptically.
‘Unless we decide to wait here in the hope that Victor will dig us out before the Crovirs blow this entire joint to hell and back, I don’t see that we have any other options,’ I said steadily.
Reid held my eyes for several long seconds. A sigh left his lips. ‘That’s all fine and dandy, but where the hell are you gonna get your hands on explosives down here?’
My gaze switched to Friedrich. I stared at the immortal expectantly. The Hunter’s eyebrows rose. ‘How did you know?’ he said slowly.
‘I suspected Victor would’ve instructed you to destroy the lab behind us,’ I replied with a shrug.
The Bastian Hunter grunted. ‘That was a good guess.’ He reached inside his backpack and brought out a slim, rectangular block of C4 explosive.
It took several minutes to dig a trench in the rubble on the far side of the room. I carefully stuck the bomb inside the crack in the elevator shaft wall and joined the others behind our makeshift barricade. ‘Ready?’ I said tensely.
‘Not really,’ Reid muttered. Friedrich shrugged and coughed.
‘Here goes.’ I took a deep breath and depressed the switch on the remote control detonator.
A thunderous boom reverberated ahead of us. Fragments of plaster and concrete filled the room. The ceiling groaned.
I lifted my head from under my arms and peered over the lip of the trench. ‘Did it work?’ said Reid. The dust slowly cleared. I stared at the wall, a smile tugging at the corners of my mouth. Reid rose to his elbows. ‘Well, I’ll be damned,’ he murmured.
Where the rubble had been, there was now a hole large enough for a man to pass through. We made our way unsteadily across the uneven floor and crawled into the space beyond.
The elevator shaft was intact. A few bricks had fallen to the base of the structure but it looked to be otherwise holding. I glanced anxiously from the wounded immortals to the metal rungs rising up the wall.
‘It’s a long way up,’ said Friedrich. He met my gaze steadily. ‘It might be best to leave us here.’
There was the sound of another distant explosion. A fine blanket of dust rained down around us. I looked questioningly at Reid. He shrugged. ‘Hell, we haven’t gone through all of that just to abandon them here,’ he muttered.
In the end, we secured the injured men to our harnesses and pulled them slowly up the ladder behind us. By the time we made it to the hatch at the top, my arms and legs were burning with effort and my breaths came in short, harsh gasps. Sweat rolled down Reid’s face above me: he looked as exhausted as I felt. Moments later, we reached the edge of the ventilation shaft. The zip line was still intact.
‘How’re we gonna do this?’ said Reid, staring from the unconscious immortal under his arms to the tunnel on the other side of the shaft.
Friedrich grunted and took a thin coil of climbing rope from his belt bag. ‘Here. If you go over first,’ he wheezed, ‘you can use this to pull him across.’
Reid headed swiftly across the duct with one end of the rope. Meanwhile, Friedrich and I secured the lifeless man to the cable and tied the other end of the rope to his harness.
‘You’re next,’ I said to Friedrich once the unconscious immortal had made it to the opposite tunnel safely. The Bastian Hunter nodded and leaned heavily against the wall, sweat and blood streaming down his pale face. I attached him to the line, tugged on his harness to make sure it was secure, and watched anxiously while he winched himself across to the other side. Reid grabbed him seconds later and helped him to the ground.
I had just locked myself onto the zip line when a violent blast shook the walls around me. A jagged crack tore through the east wall of the ventilation shaft. The ground shifted beneath my feet.
‘Lucas!’ Reid shouted from the opposite tunnel.
There was no time to think. Heart thudding erratically in my chest, I launched myself across the gaping space.
Chunks of concrete rained down around me from the collapsing wall. I grunted as debris hit the cable. The wire suddenly sagged. I looked over my shoulder, alarm twisting through my gut; the steel arrow was almost out of the ceiling.
‘What the hell are you waiting for? Move!’ Reid barked ahead of me. I needed no further prompting.
Six feet from the mouth of the tunnel, the arrow finally gave. I felt the abrupt slack in the line, grabbed the rope with both hands and fell through empty space. A second later, I slammed into the wall of the shaft. The air left my lungs in a stunned grunt. I slipped a couple of feet, the wire cutting into my palms.
A thunderous noise erupted above me. I looked past Reid’s anxious face and stared at the distant roof. My eyes widened.
The entire structure was collapsing on itself.
I placed my feet against the wall and started to climb while Reid pulled frantically on the other end of the line. He grabbed my shoulders and heaved me inside the tunnel a heartbeat later.
A large section of concrete and the twisted remains of a metal fan crashed against the space where I had been a second ago. I stared at the falling debris.
‘What took you so long?’ said Reid with a scowl.
‘I was admiring the view,’ I retorted drily in between coughs. Further explosions rocked through the earth.
‘Yeah, well, now’s not the time to sit and reminisce about it,’ Reid muttered, pulling me to my feet. We lifted the wounded men upright and headed into the mine.
Twenty minutes later, after what felt like a lifetime of obscurity and a silence that was only broken by blasts from the underground facility and our increasingly laboured breathing, a dim light started to grow in the distance ahead of us.
‘We’re almost there,’ I gasped to Friedrich. Sweat drenched my face and clothes, turning the dirt that coated my skin into grimy rivulets. My arms and legs shook from the strain of carrying the injured immortal.
The Bastian Hunter did not respond. His eyes closed and he slipped into unconsciousness again. I grunted and hauled him under the shoulders, my gaze focused on Reid’s back as I took one heavy step after the other.
The elevator shaft to the upper mine finally appeared in the gloom. Bathed in the faint glow of torches, a group of figures became visible next to the wire cage at the bottom. They turned at our footsteps.
‘You must have the lives of a thousand cats,’ Anatole said with a grin, visibly relaxing.
Bruno sighed with obvious relief. ‘I’ll let Victor know you’re safe. He’ll be—’ The immortal’s next words were drowned by a growing rumble. I looked over my shoulder.
The shadows shifted behind us. Violent tremors shook the floor of the tunnel.
‘Run!’ I shouted at Reid.
We raced the final yards to the elevator shaft just as the roof collapsed. I pushed Friedrich forward. Debris hit my back. I stumbled and fell.
Darkness and silence engulfed me as I was buried beneath the rubble. I lay stunned for several seconds, before blinking and choking on a mouthful of dirt. I tried to move.
The debris above me barely shifted.
Light suddenly stabbed through the gloom. Hands reached through my earthy tomb and dragged me into a clear space. I gasped and rolled over.
‘You know, for a minute there, I really thought you were a goner,’ Reid said somewhere above me. I turned my head slowly.
He was sitting on a pile of earth and rocks a couple of feet away, his breathing heavy and fast. Blood oozed from a cut on his head and the fresh scrapes on his knuckles. Several feet behind him, the immortals were slowly struggling to their knees.
I smiled weakly through the cloud of dust and grabbed the hand he offered. As he pulled me upright, something clattered to the ground behind me. I turned.
The canister from the lab had slipped from my backpack and fallen to the floor of the tunnel.
Icy fear filled my veins when I saw the dent in the side of the container: the cooling liquid within it was leaking through and stained the dirt a dark brown. Reid frowned and reached down. ‘Don’t!’ I said harshly, stilling his hand.
Reid’s eyes widened. ‘Lucas?’ he said hesitantly.
I was dimly surprised at the steadiness of my own fingers when I crouched and lifted the canister from the ground. I opened it and carefully removed the shattered remains of the inner holder. I gazed uneasily at its contents.
There was a small fracture in the wall of the syringe. As I watched, the split widened.
Heart pounding dully in my chest, I looked from Reid and the frozen immortals to the cracking, blood-filled tube and the attached hypodermic needle. There was only one thing for it.





Chapter Twenty-Two


‘He did what?!’ Anna’s shriek of horrified anger was audible even across several layers of insulated glass. I grimaced and stared through the porthole at the section of the interior ceiling panel visible above me. Victor drifted into my field of view. He was talking on his cell.
‘Ah-huh,’ he said inscrutably while he studied me. He paused. ‘How does he look?’ he repeated. ‘Guilty. No, no, he seems fine otherwise.’ A litany of Czech issued from the other end of the line: I recognised several choice expletives and winced. Victor brought the cell back to his ear. ‘I’ll get in touch when we land,’ he murmured. He ended the call, his eyes never leaving my face. ‘That was an extremely foolish thing you did,’ he said gravely, his voice muffled by the protective glass. ‘Brave, but foolish.’ I shifted in my restricted confines and remained silent.
We were on a private plane bound for the States.
After I had injected myself with the contaminated blood and burned the remains of the syringe and needle, I sat in the dim twilight at the bottom of the mine and waited for Reid and the Bastians to return. It had taken them a couple of hours to locate a suitable high containment transport pod and the necessary equipment to move me. During that time, I prayed fervently that I would get to see the Godards again.
Night had fallen by the time we reached the military airfield outside the town of Plzeň, fifty-six miles west of Prague. A C-40 Clipper stood waiting for us on the tarmac; the military Boeing 737-700C looked well used. As the container I lay in was carefully hoisted and manoeuvred onto the main deck, I watched the cavernous dimensions of the plane’s cargo bay fill up with Bastian Hunters and crates of hardware.
‘Where’s Reid?’ I said presently, gazing at Victor through the transparent barrier that separated us.
The Bastian immortal turned and glanced elsewhere in the aircraft’s cabin. ‘I don’t think he’s ready to talk to you yet,’ he said bluntly after a thoughtful pause.
‘Oh. That bad, is it?’ I grimaced. ‘How many has he smoked so far?’
A wry light appeared in Victor’s eyes. ‘Five. And counting,’ he replied. He moved off and disappeared from view.
It was another ten minutes before Reid’s irate face finally materialized through the glass port. ‘You’re a jackass,’ he stated darkly without preamble.
I sighed. ‘It was the only option available,’ I explained for the tenth time. ‘We couldn’t afford to lose the virus or have it spread through contact with the air.’
‘That still doesn’t change the fact that you’re a jackass,’ said Reid. He frowned. ‘How’re you feeling?’
I shrugged. ‘The injection site is a bit sore.’ I glanced at the red halo surrounding the needle mark at my left elbow.
Reid went pale. ‘Any fever? Headache?’ he said harshly.
I shook my head and felt another wave of remorse as I studied his anxious expression. He rubbed his forehead and exhaled loudly. ‘You should get some rest,’ I said quietly. Reid glowered at me, opened his mouth to say something, stopped and stormed off. Another sigh left my lips. One disadvantage about being confined to an isolation pod was that I could hardly follow people when they stamped away in a huff.
Anatole appeared a couple of minutes later. And neither could I control the people staring in at me, I thought tiredly. The immortal was grinning. ‘That was quite a show you put on for us,’ he said light heartedly.
I frowned. ‘It wasn’t meant to be.’
Anatole’s grin widened. ‘The lady didn’t sound very happy.’
I considered this. ‘No, she didn’t, did she?’ I muttered.
Anatole nodded gravely. ‘Look on the bright side,’ said the immortal. ‘The plague might kill you first. I wouldn’t want to be in your shoes when she gets her hands on you.’ Strangely enough, this thought occupied my mind for the remainder of the flight.
We touched down somewhere on the US eastern seaboard six hours later. It was still early evening. A star dotted night sky filled my field of vision when the pod was unloaded from the plane; it soon disappeared from view after I was lifted into the back of a truck.
‘How are you doing?’ said Victor above me while my steel and glass prison was securely latched into place.
‘I’m fine,’ I replied.
Victor looked relieved at my words. ‘We’re not far from the compound.’
Twelve hours had passed since I injected myself with the virus. I wondered how long it would be before I started to experience symptoms of the infection. An image of the three dead, bleeding bodies in the Crovir lab suddenly flashed through my mind. I suppressed a grimace.
The truck’s engine roared into life minutes later. It rolled across the tarmac and quickly gathered speed.
A dim feeling of claustrophobia surfaced at the edge of my consciousness: my view was limited to the ceiling and the sidewall of the vehicle. Although I was aware that the truck was full of Bastian Hunters and that Reid and Victor were among them, I still could not quell the unsettling sensation.
An hour passed. The truck started to climb.
Not long afterwards, the vibrations from the suspensions suddenly increased: we had left a main road. The gradient grew steeper and the ground more uneven. The pod rocked slightly on its metal bed, jarring me along with it. The land levelled out after about a quarter of an hour and the truck braked to a brief halt. We set off again and finally came to a stop several minutes later.
Footsteps scuttled past the pod and shadows played across the glass port. The doors of the truck opened. From the way it rose on its wheels, a number of people exited the vehicle. Muffled voices rose close by. The floor shuddered as someone approached.
A face appeared through the window of the transport chamber. It was Anna.
Relief washed over me at the sight of her. Her eyes were red-rimmed and slightly puffy; the rest of her features was dominated by a severe frown. She said something in Czech. It did not sound particularly flattering.
Reid and Victor materialised behind her. Muted words reached me through the glass. ‘Has he complained of any symptoms?’ Anna’s eyes never left mine while she spoke.
‘Apart from some pain where he injected himself, no,’ said Reid.
‘I can hear you, you know,’ I said mildly.
Anna’s eyes narrowed. ‘I’m not ready to talk to you yet,’ she said harshly. Something drew her gaze. She turned and spoke to an unseen person before addressing Victor. ‘The lab’s ready. Let’s get him there.’
The pod was lifted from the rear of the truck and onto a trolley. I had a brief vision of a dark, star-speckled heaven before a lintel appeared above me. A series of fluorescent light strips followed. A hundred feet or so later, I was wheeled into a large service elevator. The doors closed behind me.
They opened again three floors below ground. I was aware of a cavernous space around me as the transport chamber was manoeuvred across the floor. Victor appeared at my side.
‘Where are we?’ I said, gazing curiously at the high ceiling.
‘Inside one of our bunkers,’ said Victor. ‘Anna and the other scientists set up their lab down here. We thought it would be the safest place on the compound.’
I drifted past a high containment glass wall and was wheeled through a decontamination chamber and into an inner sterile room. The pod was lifted from the gurney and secured onto a metal-framed bed.
I was patiently studying the grey ceiling above my head when I detected movement to my left. The bed slowly tilted upright by ninety degrees. A glass wall appeared in front of me as I moved into a vertical position. A window occupied the upper half: several figures were visible behind it.
Someone punched a code into the access panel on the side of the transport chamber. Almost half a day after I first entered it, the door of my steel and glass prison hissed open on smooth hinges. A sigh left my lips when I stepped onto a tiled floor.
Anna was the only other person in the room. She wore a white decontamination suit and her green eyes regarded me steadily from behind a visor. ‘Hi,’ she said quietly.
‘Hi yourself,’ I murmured. I stared at the wall ahead. Victor and Reid were visible beyond the glass. Several men and women in white coats milled about around them. As I watched, Tomas Godard and Roman Dvorsky entered the outer room and joined them at the window.
‘How are you feeling?’ said Anna.
I looked away from Godard’s stricken expression and gazed at her awkwardly. ‘I’m okay.’
Anna’s eyes narrowed while she carefully inspected me from head to toe. ‘You haven’t experienced any fever or chills?’ she said insistently.
‘No,’ I said truthfully.
She reached out and lifted my left arm in her gloved hands. Her fingers slowly traced the small red mark at my elbow. ‘Of all the—’ She paused, struggling for words, and suddenly punched me in the chest.
A grunt of surprise left my lips. Distant chuckling erupted on the other side of the glass wall. I recognised Reid’s voice.
Anna handed me a hospital gown. ‘Put this on,’ she said curtly. ‘There’s a bathroom through there where you can change.’ She indicated a steel door in a corner of the room. ‘Place your clothes in the plastic carrier inside and give them to me.’
For the next hour, I resigned myself to being poked and prodded by Anna and the other scientists. After taking samples of my blood as well as swabs from my throat and the injection site on my arm, they finally attached me to a series of monitors.
I sat on the edge of the bed and glanced at the array of equipment that surrounded me. ‘Is this strictly necessary?’
Anna paused at the door: she was the last one to leave the room. ‘Yes,’ she replied, her tone still stern.
‘Oh.’ My stomach grumbled loudly in the silence that followed. I winced. ‘Could I at least have something to eat?’
Anna’s expression softened slightly. ‘Sure,’ she murmured.
The meal was hot and filling. An hour later, Anna returned and took another sample of blood from my arm. ‘Any idea how long I’m going to be in here?’ I said patiently.
It was a while before she answered. ‘I don’t know,’ she said finally, her eyes meeting mine steadily. ‘So far, all your observations are stable.’ She paused and bit her lower lip. ‘We should know within the next twenty-four hours if you develop any symptoms. The incubation period is quite short.’
I digested this information with a sinking feeling. ‘Can you make a vaccine from the samples you’ve taken from me?’
Anna nodded, her expression brightening slightly. ‘It might take some time, but it’s definitely feasible.’ She glanced over her shoulder at the wall that separated us from the outer lab. ‘I can’t tell you how relieved Grandfather is that you’re okay,’ she said softly. She stared at me. ‘Were you aware that our grandmother died during the first plague?’
My gaze shifted from her to the room beyond. ‘No. I didn’t know that,’ I said quietly, feeling another ripple of remorse flutter across my conscience. No wonder Tomas Godard looked so shaken.
A sad smile flitted across Anna’s face. ‘We’ve only just found you,’ she murmured. ‘We can’t lose you now.’ She turned and quickly left the room.
I closed my eyes and lay back on the bed, her words playing over in my mind.
It was another four hours before the fever started. By then, a pounding headache was already hammering at my temples. Chills soon racked my body and sweat soaked the bed sheets beneath me. Countless moments passed. I started to drift in and out of consciousness, barely aware of the people entering and leaving the room in my stupor. At one stage, I opened my eyes and saw Anna at my side.
‘Hang in there,’ she said shakily, glancing at the monitors above me. Her face looked strained behind the visor. Next to her, someone was injecting a straw-coloured liquid into my IV.
The tone of her words alarmed me more than anything happening to my own body. Moisture dripped down my forehead and into my eyes as I blinked and tried to focus on her face. ‘It’s all right,’ I whispered, my teeth shattering uncontrollably. ‘I’ll be okay.’ I was stunned at the weakness of my voice.
‘No, it’s not!’ Anna countered harshly. Her eyes were dark and glistening.
It took all of my willpower to reach out and take her gloved hand into my own shaking one. ‘I’m going to be fine,’ I said more firmly. Her fingers curled around mine. A single tear spilled down her face. I closed my eyes and drifted into oblivion.
The fever broke exactly thirty-six hours later. How I lasted until then, I was not sure myself; the details were more than a little hazy. Apart from a sore head and some general grogginess that hung around for most of the next day, I was back to my normal self. It was another twenty-four hours before Anna returned to give me the news.
‘Your body mounted a response in the form of an elevated white cell count. Otherwise, all the other parameters have stabilised.’ For the first time in days, her eyes were bright with barely concealed excitement. ‘I’ve got the results of your latest tests.’
I stared at her. ‘What is it?’
‘It’s over,’ said Anna. She smiled at my puzzled frown. ‘The infection. It’s gone.’
My eyes widened. I was unsure I had heard her correctly. ‘Gone?’ Anna nodded. ‘Completely?’ I said insistently.
‘Yes. There’s no trace of active disease.’
‘How is that possible?’ I murmured.
Anna hesitated. ‘I don’t know,’ she replied quietly.
I was silent while I digested these incredible facts. ‘Did you manage to isolate the virus?’ I said finally.
A frown crossed Anna’s face. ‘Yes. And it’s definitely the one Burnstein was working on.’ She paused and wavered again, her expression awkward. ‘You already have significant levels of protective antibodies in your blood.’
I studied her face. ‘That’s good, isn’t it?’
‘It is.’ Anna’s tone was wary. ‘It’s also incredibly fast.’
The meaning behind her words sank in. ‘You think this has something to do with surviving the seventeenth death?’ I said steadily.
It was her turn to be quiet. ‘Yes, I suspect it does,’ she finally murmured. She gazed at me with an unreadable expression. ‘You may be truly invincible after all.’
I stared at the glass wall, uncertain how I felt about that statement. ‘Am I still contagious?’ I said distractedly.
‘No,’ said Anna. A faint smile crossed her lips. ‘The virus is no longer detectable in your blood stream or your swabs. This is the final all clear.’
I hesitated. ‘Does this mean I can get out of here?’ I said, unable to hide the hint of hope in my voice.
Anna grinned. ‘Yes.’
The first person to greet me outside the sterile chamber was Reid. Tomas Godard and Victor Dvorsky followed closely on his heels. ‘How do you feel?’ said Reid.
‘A bit stiff, but okay otherwise,’ I replied. More than anything, I was relieved to be out of the containment room.
Godard pulled me towards him and engulfed me in a tight hug. I stiffened, then relaxed in his grip. ‘You’re a very silly boy,’ the old man muttered gruffly, stepping back. ‘Silly, but brave.’
‘Yeah,’ I murmured awkwardly, ‘I get that a lot.’ I ignored Reid’s knowing grin and looked at Victor. ‘Any news on Burnstein and the Crovirs?’
‘Burnstein’s holed up in DC, along with the rest of Vellacrus’s scientists,’ said Victor. ‘It appears they have another research facility there.’
I thought of the glass tower on Pennsylvania Avenue we had followed Burnstein to. It felt like a lifetime ago. ‘And the vaccine?’ I said with a frown.
Victor’s expression hardened. ‘They’ve completed the trial,’ he replied. ‘Reznak called a few hours ago. Vellacrus started the inoculation yesterday.’
My eyes widened. I was stunned at the speed of events. Only three days had passed since we broke into the Crovirs’ lab in Germany. ‘That’s not good.’
‘No, it isn’t,’ said Victor with a heartfelt sigh.
I looked around the lab, aware of the curious stares of the scientists and several Hunters. ‘Where’s your father?’
Victor exchanged a meaningful glance with Godard. ‘In Europe,’ he replied in a low voice. ‘The Councils and the Assembly are proving more difficult to persuade than we originally anticipated.’ His eyes narrowed. ‘We suspect a few of them are deliberately delaying the process.’
I stared at him thoughtfully. ‘What’s the plan?’ I said finally.
A smile flitted across Victor’s face. ‘I’m glad you asked. Walk with us.’
Thirty minutes later, I leaned back from the table that stood in the middle of the crowded operations room within the main lodge of the Bastian compound. ‘Vellacrus will no doubt have a significant number of Crovir Hunters guarding that place,’ I said, studying the satellite and surveillance photos of the Pennsylvania Avenue sky rise pinned to the wall. ‘How many men have you got?’
‘Enough to do the job,’ said Grigoriye with an enigmatic smile.
I gazed steadily at the Council member. ‘I doubt that. You’ll need to leave a considerable fraction of your army behind to guard the Godards. That doesn’t leave you with a large enough number.’
Costas frowned. ‘You’ll do well not to question your superiors, Soul.’
Tense silence followed the Bastian immortal’s words. ‘You forget,’ I said quietly. ‘I’m not a Hunter.’
Costas half rose from his seat, his face red. ‘I will not—’
‘Lucas is right,’ Victor interrupted sharply. Costas settled in his chair with a disgruntled expression. ‘We’d be lucky to reach their lab with our current numbers,’ Victor added.
‘I have a suggestion,’ said Reid. He was leaning against the wall and slowly rolling a cigarette between his fingers; his gaze held mine steadily. ‘Christophe Lacroix.’
Mutters arose around the table. The Bastians glanced at each other in confusion.
‘Who’s this—Lacroix?’ said Costas with a scowl.
I ignored the immortal and stared at Reid. ‘That’s gonna require some leap of faith from the man,’ I said quietly.
A grin lit Reid’s face. ‘After what he witnessed in Vienna, he’ll be begging us for a piece of the action.’
I smiled at that. ‘Solito?’ I suggested.
Reid’s grin widened. ‘We owe him. Besides, the more the merrier, I always say,’ he added with a shrug.
A strangled sound escaped Costas’s lips. ‘Will one of you tell us what the hell you’re talking about?!’ he roared.
Over the next ten minutes, Reid and I explained about our involvement with the FBI and the French detective. Costas and Grigoriye listened with mounting skepticism. Victor watched us silently.
‘Do you seriously expect us to enlist the help of humans in the affairs of immortals?’ Grigoriye eventually said with a frown. Reid’s eyebrows rose. ‘Present company excluded, of course,’ the Bastian added grudgingly.
‘Humans have as much at stake here as immortals, although they’re yet to be aware of that fact,’ I said, glancing at Victor. ‘They could tip the balance in our favour.’
‘Are you suggesting we reveal the affairs of our race to a bunch of—of mortals?!’ Costas barked derisively. ‘You think we’re just suddenly going to get friendly with them, after thousands of years of keeping them out of our business?’ He turned to Victor. ‘This is preposterous!’
‘After what went down at the Hauptbahnhof and in Vienna, I would be surprised if they didn’t suspect something already,’ I said calmly, staring at Victor. ‘It’s your decision.’ I glanced at Reid and shrugged. ‘We trust these men.’
Victor held my gaze for timeless seconds. ‘Call them,’ he said finally.
It was almost midnight when we finally ended our negotiations with the FBI and Interpol. Lacroix was taking a chartered flight from Paris later that night with some twenty odd agents from Europe, the Swiss and the Austrians having been all too keen to offer their assistance. Solito’s boss promised us another eighty men, including two SWAT teams from the local Metropolitan Police. Homeland Security and the CDC had been placed on high alert and standby.
‘You have friends in high places,’ I murmured to Victor as the room slowly cleared. I had listened while he spoke with various senior officials at the Pentagon and in the White House and found myself strangely unsurprised by their discussions. ‘We didn’t really need to contact Lacroix and Solito, did we?’
A grim smile crossed the immortal’s face. ‘Let’s just say that the top brass like to have good grounds to offer us their assistance. The events in DC and Europe are more than enough reason to justify this operation under the counter terrorism act.’ Victor paused. ‘The few mortals who know of our existence are extremely wary of us, understandably so,’ he added in a low voice. ‘After all, we’ve interfered with and shaped the course of human history for almost two millennia.’ He sighed. ‘Neither side wishes to see a war between our races, us more so than the humans. That’s why we requested observer status at the UN and maintain close ties with the political leaders of the world.’
‘I’m sorry to interrupt, but has anyone given any thought to the mortals who’ll be working with us on the ground?’ said Grigoriye. The Bastian Council member hovered in the doorway, a frown on his face. ‘It won’t be easy to hide the abilities of our kind from them. They’re bound to talk.’
‘Not if we spread the rumour that the Crovirs possess new, technologically advanced body armour and a fast healing serum that confers an almost unnatural ability to survive otherwise mortal wounds,’ said Reid. He shrugged. ‘Your men will just have to be extra careful. Besides, the FBI will probably give us body vests.’
Costas snorted. ‘Good God, I never thought I’d see the day when an immortal would have to wear human armor,’ he said under his breath as he stormed out of the room.
Victor grimaced and glanced at his watch. ‘We have eight hours before we leave. I suggest we get some rest.’
I had been given a room on the ground floor at the back of the main lodge. After grabbing a quick bite, I showered and got into bed. The mattress was soft and more comfortable than the one I had been forced to lie on for the last three days. Still, although I felt physically drained, sleep proved elusive. I stared at the ceiling for what felt like hours before eventually drifting off.
A sound woke me some time later. A soft breeze was blowing in through the open window. Light from a nearby security lamp flickered through the swaying curtains and cast moving shadows across the ceiling and walls of the bedroom.
There was a creak from the doorway.
I lifted my head off the pillow and stared at the figure that stood there. ‘Anna?’ I said hesitantly.
She crossed the floor silently, bare feet sliding over the dark wood, and paused at the side of the bed. Her eyes were unreadable in the gloom. She pulled the covers back and crawled into the space next to me.
Her voice was a bare whisper in the night. ‘Don’t speak.’
Then, her lips covered mine.





Chapter Twenty-Three


She was gone the next morning. I blinked, rolled over and stared blindly at the ceiling. Distant sounds of activity came through the bedroom door as Dvorsky’s men prepared for the upcoming mission.
Memories from the night flooded my mind. The softness of her skin under my fingers. The taste of her mouth beneath my lips. The strength in her warm and supple legs as they clung to my waist. Her nails digging into my back. Her quiet, breathless moans as she arched beneath me. And throughout it all, the heady smell of oranges that infused the space around our bodies, drowning me in her scent.
Someone rapped sharply on the door, startling me. ‘You up?’ said Reid from outside.
‘Ah-huh.’ I sat up and swung my legs off the bed, trying to suppress the sensual images still flashing past my eyes.
‘Get your butt moving. We leave in thirty minutes.’
A column of SUVs and vans stood waiting on the driveway at the bottom of the porch when I walked outside the lodge moments later. I paused as I got my first daylight look at the Bastian compound.
The complex was positioned near the summit of a peak and was surrounded by thick oak and pine forests. The land fell away to the front in carefully carved terraces that accommodated a collection of buildings and underground entrances, all of them artfully camouflaged to blend in the green and brown background. Guards with guns patrolled the grounds. The outer perimeter was not visible from where I stood.
Through a gap between the trees, I caught a view of blue skies and a distant range, its tips crowned in wisps of thin clouds and fading morning mist.
‘We’re in Virginia, in the Blue Ridge Mountains,’ said Reid at my side. He lit up, inhaled deeply and blew out a smoke ring. ‘Impressive, isn’t it? Victor tells me they’ve had this place for over sixty years.’ He glanced at me and smiled faintly. ‘It’s bigger than the FBI’s training grounds in Quantico.’
The Bastian convoy was getting ready to move. I watched Costas and Victor climb inside one of the trucks and Grigoriye speak to them briefly through the open window: the Council member was staying behind to guard the complex along with a hundred Bastian Hunters.
Footsteps sounded behind me. Tomas Godard appeared at my side. ‘Be careful,’ he said simply and handed over the daisho.
My fingers closed gratefully over the familiar handles. ‘I will. Thank you.’ I slipped the blades into my belt. ‘Say goodbye to Anna for me.’
The drive to DC took a little over two hours. As we drew closer to the city, the tension inside the vehicle we travelled in rose palpably. I glanced at Reid. He smiled at me grimly. Shortly after eleven, we reached a deserted parking lot close to the Washington Circle Park. Lacroix and the FBI were already there.
Solito’s boss was a burly Texan called John McCabe. The man frowned heavily as he shook hands with Victor. ‘I have direct orders from the Oval Office to follow your instructions to the letter,’ he said gruffly. He chomped down on a cigar stub. ‘I don’t know who you are, Mister, but if you put the lives of my men in jeopardy, there’ll be hell to pay, whatever the Attorney General says.’
‘Same here,’ said Lacroix coolly.
A faint smile dawned on Victor’s lips. ‘Rest assured that our organization will do the utmost to prevent any such misfortunes.’
Lacroix glanced at me. ‘You wouldn’t want to tell us the name of this organization of yours, by any chance?’ said the Frenchman cynically. ‘It appears to have a great deal of influence with Heads of States on both sides of the Atlantic.’
Costas scowled. ‘That’s none of your concern. You know far too much as it is,’ growled the Bastian Council member.
Discontented mutters arose among the agents behind McCabe and Lacroix. ‘Not exactly a people person, is he?’ Reid muttered. Despite the anxiety humming through my veins, my lips twisted in a wry grin.
Victor sighed. ‘Look, there are sound and valid reasons why we must keep our identities a secret from you,’ he said, staring the FBI chief and the Frenchman firmly in the eye. ‘I’m afraid that to say more would indeed, as Costas states, reveal too much.’ He turned to the surveillance photos of the Pennsylvania Avenue sky rise spread across the hood of a vehicle. ‘In any case, your men won’t be going higher than the tenth floor.’
‘And why is that?’ said Lacroix belligerently.
Victor glanced at him. ‘Because we have more experience dealing with these people than you do,’ he said curtly. The Frenchman looked unconvinced. A Bastian tech gave Victor a handful of pictures. He placed them over the FBI surveillance photos. ‘These are the latest thermal satellites images we have of the tower.’
‘Wow.’ Solito’s eyebrows rose as he studied the prints. ‘Those look a helluva lot better than ours.’
‘Oh, we’re using the latest in laser satellite technology,’ said the tech who brought the pictures with an enthusiastic smile. His expression sobered at Costas’s threatening stare. The tech cleared his throat and retreated silently in the background.
Solito’s eyes widened. ‘How did you guys get your hands on that kind of money?’ Silence fell across the parking lot. The FBI analyst stared at the crowd of frowning faces. ‘Forget I asked,’ he muttered.
Victor pointed at the pictures. ‘The vast majority of them will be in the top four floors of the building. That leaves about fifty guards watching the access to the underground garage and the ground floor, as well as the dozen others spread out above.’ He paused. ‘We need you to handle the guys on the ground while we get to the lifts.’ He gazed steadily at the FBI chief and the Frenchman. ‘Tell your men to aim for the head. The new body armour they possess will protect their other vital points.’ He ignored Lacroix’s deepening frown and stared at McCabe. ‘Are your SWAT teams in place?’
‘They are,’ said the FBI chief with a curt nod.
‘Good,’ said Victor. ‘Let’s move.’
The night before, we had debated long and hard between a slow and subtle infiltration of the Crovirs’ defences versus a fast and hard approach. In the end, we all voted for the latter tactic, in the hope that shock and the element of surprise would rattle the enemy and work in our favour.
As the cavalcade drew closer to the sky rise, Reid and I fastened FBI vests over our clothes and checked our earpieces. ‘You ready?’ said my partner while he loaded a magazine into the chamber of his Glock.
‘Not really,’ I murmured, my fingers sliding over the reassuring weights of the blades at my waist. I looked at Lacroix. ‘Good luck,’ I said quietly. The Frenchman nodded curtly.
Seconds later, our convoy screeched to a halt around the Pennsylvania Avenue tower. The doors of the van slammed open and we spilled out onto the asphalt. Behind us, McCabe’s men swiftly set up a security perimeter and started to clear the surrounding blocks.
We paused on the sidewalk, raised our guns and fired at the glass frontage of the main foyer. The wall shattered into glittering fragments. We stepped swiftly through the gaping frames, broken glass crunching loudly beneath our feet. Black clad figures appeared from around the lobby. I holstered the Glock, unsheathed the swords and moved. A heartbeat later, the two Crovir Hunters I stabbed in the chest went down.
‘Head for the lifts!’ Victor shouted to my right. I nodded and raced along the concourse towards the elevators.
Lacroix’s agents and McCabe’s men entered the lobby just as dozens of Crovir Hunters charged across the marble floor. The sound of gunfire rose to the ceiling, the echoes deafening in the tall, vaulted space.
The first elevator doors pinged seconds before I reached them. Unable to halt my momentum, I skidded on the floor. ‘Get down!’ Reid yelled behind me. I slid to the ground just as the metal panels opened to reveal five Crovir Hunters. Reid and Lacroix emptied their guns into the immortals before they had a chance to reach for their weapons. Heart racing in my chest, I rose to my feet, the blades of the daisho slashing all too readily through the flesh of those who were still standing.
We heaved the bodies of the dead men out and stepped inside the lift. Bullets from the gunfight in the foyer struck the doors with dull thuds as they closed after us. The elevator started to rise.
‘If one of you is intending to say something patronizing like “You shouldn’t be here”, then save your breath,’ Lacroix murmured darkly while he reloaded his gun.
Reid and I glanced at each other. ‘Wasn’t gonna say a word,’ Reid said wryly.
The lift doors opened on the fourth and seventh floors. We left a trail of bullets in the corridors beyond and the bodies of the Crovir Hunters who stood in the way. Distant explosions reached our ears when we drew close to the tenth floor. The heavily battered doors slid aside with a soft creak. Across the corridor, the opposite lift opened simultaneously. Victor, Costas, Bruno and Anatole were crouched inside it, their guns raised. We stared at one other for several seconds, listening intently to the silence in the passage outside.
Anatole poked his head around the corner of the elevator door. A bullet whined through the air, struck the metal hinge and raised sparks inches from his face. ‘Whoa!’ said the immortal as Bruno dragged him hastily backwards. A slow grin lit up his face. ‘Looks like they’re home after all, boss.’
A frown clouded Costas’s face. ‘What’s he doing here?’ he hissed in a stage loud whisper, gesturing pointedly at Lacroix.
I glanced at the Frenchman and shrugged noncommittally. Lacroix muttered something rude under his breath.
Victor turned and studied the inside of the elevator. ‘Looks like these lifts don’t go any higher without a security pass,’ he said thoughtfully.
I inspected the control panel next to me. ‘You’re right.’
‘It shouldn’t come as a surprise, really,’ said Victor. ‘I guess we’re just gonna have to make our way on foot from here on.’ A faint smile played across the immortal’s face.
Even though my heart still thudded dully against my ribs, I found my lips curving upwards. ‘Sure looks like it,’ I murmured.
‘On the count of three?’ said Victor. I nodded and took a deep breath.
Bullets riddled the air and ricocheted against the walls when we charged into the corridor. Ceiling lights shattered above us and chips of plaster erupted in a cloud that quickly obscured the air. Reid grunted as a slug struck his vest. I frowned, gripped my blades tightly and moved.
Moments later, we paused in the clearing smoke and observed the still bodies around us. Further explosions rocked the foundations of the building. Doors slammed in the distance; footsteps pounded the floor and drew closer. ‘Go!’ Victor shouted, indicating the fire escape at the end of the passage. ‘We’ll hold them back!’
I nodded and raced towards the exit. It swung open just as I reached it. I stabbed the Crovir Hunter crossing the threshold without pausing. At the rear of the falling body, more Hunters raised their guns at me.
Shots sang past my ears from behind, the draft from the bullets ruffling my hair. The Hunters before me jerked violently and fell to the floor. Reid, Lacroix and Costas reached my side a second later. ‘What’re you waiting for, an invitation?!’ snarled the Bastian Council member.
I stepped over the fallen immortals and started up the stairs beyond the exit door, the others following in my wake. Halfway to the next landing, the sound of gunshots rose up from the stairwell. I glanced over the banister and caught a glimpse of the first wave of Bastian Hunters making their way up through an army of Crovirs two floors below.
Something suddenly stung my face. I looked up and saw the Crovir Hunter above me take aim again.
Reid moved in front of me and shot him in the head. ‘You’re bleeding again,’ he said, loading another magazine into the Glock. I lifted a hand and wiped away the sliver of blood where the bullet had grazed my cheek. ‘It’s a distressing habit of yours,’ my partner continued as we carried on up the steps. On the landing above, Costas and Lacroix had already ploughed through several Hunters. ‘Anna will undoubtedly kill me if I let you haemorrhage all over the place, so please try not to do so.’
I smiled faintly. ‘Right.’
The eleventh floor was home to a series of empty storage areas; it was evident from the state of the rooms that they had only just been cleared. I lifted a scrap of paper from the ground and stared at it; it was a label for a box of medical equipment. ‘We can’t be far from the research facility,’ I said with a frown.
We found the labs on the next floor. Consisting of a network of large glass chambers, they occupied the entire level of the building.
About fifty Crovir Hunters stood between us and the closest room.
Beyond the containment wall, figures dressed in white decontamination suits walked swiftly around the sterile cubicles, clearing worktops and filling transport boxes with small steel canisters.
There was a noise behind us. I looked over my shoulder and saw scores of Bastian Hunters step through the doorway we had just come through. Blood trickled from their various wounds. Most of them were breathing heavily, while others looked ready to fall. They all stood taller when they saw the Crovirs. Frowns dawned on sweaty, red streaked faces. Fingers tightened on the handgrips of guns.
‘Oh boy,’ muttered Reid, mirroring my own thoughts.
Flashes of light and smoke filled the air as gunfire exploded around us. I ducked and weaved through the falling bodies. Blood dripped from the edges of my blades and splashed onto the floor and walls while the daisho slashed repeatedly through flesh. Behind me, Reid and Lacroix emptied their guns and reloaded.
Halfway across the floor, movement out of the corner of my eyes caught my attention. I turned and saw Burnstein disappear through an exit in the east wall of the building. A couple of scientists in suits followed behind him, each carrying a pair of silver cases in their hands. I headed after them.
Ten feet from the doorway, half a dozen black clad figures suddenly appeared before me. In addition to guns, these Crovir Hunters wielded swords. ‘You’re not getting through us, half-breed!’ one of them barked harshly.
My knuckles whitened on the handles of my blades. I frowned and widened my stance. ‘I really don’t have time for this.’
The daisho sang at the tips of my fingers in the seconds that followed, the steel glinting coldly under the light of the fluorescent strips. A sword grazed my back. I ducked and rolled: blades slashed across the space where my head had been a heartbeat earlier. I spun and kicked out, taking out the three remaining Hunters. The katana flashed and sliced through their ribs in rapid succession a moment later.
I stepped over the still bodies and entered the stairwell. Another group of Crovir Hunters materialized on the stairs above me. My eyes narrowed in frustration: with every second that passed, Burnstein was getting farther away, along with the virus and the vaccine. I sheathed the wakizashi and held the katana in a double-handed grip.
Bullets scored the walls and the banister of the stairwell as I raced up the steps. A couple of slugs struck my vest. I grunted and forged ahead, the sword carving a deadly path through the smoke filled space. Seconds later, I reached the next landing and opened the fire door. My eyes widened. I threw myself to the side.
A grenade left the rocket launcher shouldered by a Crovir Hunter, skimmed the air inches from my flank and detonated on the opposite wall. I lay low and covered my head with my arms as debris riddled the stairwell. Something slashed across the back of my left hand. Bricks thudded dully to the ground.
Thick, choking billows of dust rose around me when the noise finally abated. Ears still ringing from the blast, I used the cover of the grey clouds and crawled through the open doorway. Gunshots erupted ahead of me. The shadows shifted. I raised the Smith & Wesson in a steady grip, my finger on the trigger.
‘It’s me,’ said Victor.
Anatole and Bruno appeared behind him through the clearing haze. The body of the Crovir Hunter with the grenade launcher lay on the ground several feet away.
‘We found a pass for the lift,’ said Anatole with a grin. He stared at the wreckage of the stairwell. His grin widened. ‘You’ve been busy.’
I rose to my feet. ‘Have you seen Burnstein?’
‘No,’ said Victor. ‘We just got here.’
There was only one other exit on the thirteenth floor. It was closed. ‘They’ve cleared the labs,’ I said with a frown when we paused before it. ‘Whatever they have, they’re carrying it in transport containers in four silver cases.’
Victor glanced over his shoulder in the direction of the damaged stairwell. His eyes narrowed. ‘Our friends will have to find another way up,’ he said finally. I nodded and opened the door.
The staircase beyond was ominously silent: the sound of gunfire from the floors below was barely audible through the walls. We made our way carefully up the steps to the final landing.
There was a single door at the top: it was made of thick, reinforced steel. No noise escaped from the other side. As Anatole reached for the handle, a familiar whine reached my ears. ‘Wait!’ I said, frowning.
Victor stared at me, his eyes widening as understanding quickly dawned. ‘Get down!’ he shouted. We threw ourselves to the ground.
A heartbeat later, the door buckled and splintered under the force of a rocket grenade. Deadly shards filled the air when it separated from the hinges and struck the wall of the stairwell. Smoke clouded the space around us.
Coughing at the acrid haze, we rose and darted swiftly across the threshold. Muzzles flashed in the clearing grey billows ahead of us. I swapped my gun for the swords at my waist.
As we raced across the floor, dodging shots and blades from a crowd of Crovir Hunters, a pair of elevators pinged in the wall on our right. The doors opened to reveal a horde of Bastian Hunters. Reid and Lacroix were among them. A storm of bullets erupted around the room. The pungent smell of gunpowder filled the air.
The Crovirs came in waves, washing over us in seemingly countless numbers. I twisted and rolled, my heartbeat steady and the bloodied blades dancing in my hands while bodies fell around me.
My eyes remained focused on the steel doors on the other side of the floor. I reached them just ahead of Victor and Costas.
‘Stand back!’ Victor shouted. He raised his gun and shot through the lock twice. We kicked the doors open.
In the room beyond, Felix Thorne turned and smiled.
An executive suite occupied the entire south half of the tower. It had a floor to ceiling glass wall that offered panoramic views to the Washington Monument and the Potomac River.
A pair of French doors stood open in the middle of it. My eyes widened.
Beyond them was a rooftop with a helipad; Burnstein and his scientists stood next to it.
As I watched, a pair of twin-engined Bell 222 helicopters descended from the skies and landed in front of the three men. Thorne held my gaze for a moment before walking out onto the terrace to join them.
My heart raced in my chest. ‘We mustn’t let them leave!’ I shouted above the noise of the rotors.
‘Right,’ said Victor, grimly eyeing the twenty Crovir Hunters who stood in our way.
It took far too many precious seconds to carve a path through the wall of immortals. By the time I ran out onto the rooftop, Thorne’s helicopter was lifting off. I sheathed the swords and drew the guns at my hips.
Bullets scored the concrete at my feet. I hit the ground, rolled to one knee and rapidly squeezed the triggers. Thorne disappeared from view as the helicopter rose towards the sky.
I looked to my left. Burnstein had just finished loading a pair of silver cases onto the floor of the second Bell helicopter. I rose and raced towards the aircraft.
Burnstein’s eyes widened when he saw me. He scrambled inside the open cabin and reached for the door. A cry of pain escaped his lips when a bullet whizzed past me and struck his hand.
‘Lucas!’ Reid shouted behind me.
‘Go!’ Burnstein screamed in the direction of the cockpit. The Bell 222 rose from the ground.
I holstered the guns and jumped. My fingers grazed the starboard skid landing gear and closed around it. The helicopter pitched wildly, corrected itself and continued its ascent. Eyes widening, I looked down. My legs dangled into empty space as the sky rise dropped rapidly away beneath me. Reid and Victor became distant frozen figures on the rooftop.
I gripped the metal runner with both hands and hauled myself up onto my elbows with a grunt of effort. A faint but eerily familiar noise reached my ears above the clatter of the rotors and the blood pounding in my head. It was the sound of someone cocking a gun.
I glanced up and swung my body to the left, losing my right hold on the skid. A second later, a volley of bullets missed me by a hairbreadth as Burnstein emptied the magazine of his pistol in my direction. I reached for the Smith and Wesson and fired inside the cabin, the tendons in my left arm screaming with silent tension as I hung from the belly of the aircraft.
A scream of rage erupted from within the helicopter. Smiling grimly, I holstered the gun, renewed my grip on the landing gear and pulled myself up.
The din of approaching rotors suddenly rose on my left. I caught a glimpse of a large black and silver UH-1 helicopter with the words “FBI” blazoned in white on its side. Then, I was inside the cabin of the Bell 222.
I almost fell out again when a bullet thudded into my vest. I gripped the edge of the door, ignored the cowering scientists to my right and staggered across the floor towards Burnstein.
Both his hands bore gunshot wounds. Despite this, the man was frantically trying to reload the weapon on his lap. He raised it just as I reached him and froze. The tip of the wakizashi dented the skin at the base of his throat.
‘Don’t,’ I said coldly.
A fierce grimace crossed Burnstein’s face. His finger flexed on the trigger.
A harsh gasp left his lips: below the wakizashi, the katana had pierced his heart. As his eyes turned dull, the blast from a rocket-propelled grenade caused the aircraft to swerve violently.
A muffled curse left my lips when I hit the wall of the cabin with my back. I glanced to my left. The FBI helicopter had fired at the Bell 222 in an attempt to force its pilot to land.
I sheathed the swords and was reaching under the dead man’s seat for the silver cases when a white blaze suddenly erupted at the side of the aircraft. The UH-1 exploded in a giant ball of fire.
The shock waves from the detonation wrapped around the Bell 222 and spun it on its axis. Alarms sounded from the direction of the cockpit. The pilot swore.
I found myself on the floor, the handle of a case in each hand. I crawled to my knees and stared through the open starboard door in dull incomprehension.
The Roosevelt Island was a splash of autumnal red and yellows against the dark waters of the Potomac River below. A hundred feet away, Felix Thorne stared at me from the second Bell helicopter. The Crovir Hunter crouched on one knee next to him finished reloading the rocket launcher on his shoulder.
Burnstein’s pilot must have seen the other aircraft for the helicopter suddenly dove sharply, causing my stomach to heave. The river grew close and rapidly disappeared; we flew low over a busy highway.
Buildings materialised ahead of us. The pilot pulled up swiftly.
A second later, a missile left Thorne’s helicopter, hissed through the air and exploded a dozen yards from the tail rotor of the Bell.
The aircraft spun violently. The pilot swore again. The shadow of a sky rise loomed on our left. The rotors hit the wall of the glass tower. Silver shards rained down inside the cabin as the helicopter scraped along the side of the building.
I glanced over my shoulder in time to see another grenade leave the rocket launcher in the second Bell helicopter. Heart thudding wildly against my ribs, I grabbed the silver cases and leapt through the port door.





Chapter Twenty-Four


‘Wow,’ said Anatole. He was staring at me in disbelief. ‘You are one crazy bastard.’
I winced while a paramedic cleaned the cuts on my face.
I was sitting on a kerb some thousand feet from the waters of the Potomac. Thirty minutes had passed since the Bell helicopter had crashed into a tower next to the Lee Highway. The area of Rosslyn next to the Curtis Memorial Parkway had been closed to traffic: flashing lights from the county’s fire trucks were reflected in the glass facade of the building across the road.
A few yards away, McCabe was attempting to pacify the Arlington District Two police commander. By the sound of their raised voices, things were not going well.
‘Here,’ said someone above me. I looked up and took the styrofoam container proffered by Reid. A familiar scent reached my nostrils above the rich aroma of coffee wafting from within it.
I raised my eyebrows. ‘Bourbon?’
‘Ah-huh.’
‘Where’d you get it from?’ I said curiously.
‘A bar up the road,’ Reid replied, taking a sip from his own cup.
The paramedic tending to my wounds glanced at him and frowned. ‘I’m about to give him a strong painkiller. I don’t think he should be drinking alcohol.’
I sighed. ‘I’m fine, really.’
The second paramedic grunted. ‘You just jumped from an exploding aircraft into the twelfth floor of a skyscraper. You should be dead.’
‘Yeah, I get that a lot,’ I muttered. Ignoring the paramedics' deepening frowns, I raised the container to my lips and stared at the man coming up behind them.
‘Can you walk?’ said Victor.
I nodded, shrugged off the blanket around my shoulders and rose to my feet. ‘Thank you,’ I said to the speechless paramedics.
‘Hey, we need to take you to the hospital to get checked out!’ one of them finally stuttered. ‘I wouldn’t be surprised if you broke some ribs! And you probably have a hairline fracture under that gash in your head!’
‘They’ll heal,’ I said, and followed in Victor’s footsteps.
We strode past the smoking wreckage of the Bell 222 and headed for a black van further down the road. Costas was already inside: the Bastian Council member was inspecting the contents of the silver cases. ‘It’s the vaccine,’ he said gruffly as we climbed into the back of the vehicle and closed the doors.
I felt my heart sink. ‘The other cases must have held the virus.’
Victor pressed a hand on my shoulder. ‘You did a good job,’ he said quietly. ‘We’ll be able to help millions of people with this.’
I shook my head. ‘Not if they release the virus in the coming days. Anna told me it might take a few weeks for humans and immortals to develop protective levels of antibodies against it,’ I explained with mounting frustration. ‘Considering what they’ve been capable of to date, it wouldn’t surprise me if they decided to unleash the plague earlier than planned. Besides, Burnstein wasn’t stupid. The Crovirs are bound to have samples of the vaccine elsewhere.’
Silence ensued. ‘We have to move fast,’ Victor finally said with a sombre expression.
Costas frowned. ‘You should contact Roman.’
The blare of a phone interrupted us. Victor glanced at the number on his cell. His eyes narrowed. ‘Dvorsky here,’ he said curtly into the mouthpiece. A cold foreboding filled my veins as I watched his expression change. Seconds later, he disconnected and stared at me blindly, his face pale. ‘The Crovirs have taken the Blue Ridge compound,’ he murmured in a stunned voice. Cold sweat drenched my body at his words.
It was another half hour before we were able to leave Arlington. In the end, it took a private phone call from the President himself to stop the county commander from arresting us.
‘McCabe’s not too pleased about you taking all the bodies away,’ said Lacroix as I climbed into a van after Reid. ‘I have to admit, neither am I.’
‘It’s for the best,’ I said distractedly.
The Frenchman stared at me thoughtfully. ‘This isn’t the end of the matter, is it?’
I hesitated before answering. ‘No, it isn’t. But I’m afraid we can’t involve you further than this.’ I looked at the Frenchman steadily and tried to mask my mounting agitation. ‘We got Burnstein at least. He was one of the main players behind the incidents in Europe.’
Lacroix frowned. ‘Yes, but he wasn’t the leader, was he?’
I shook my head.
The Frenchman studied me for timeless seconds. ‘Well, good luck,’ he finally muttered with a sigh.
I nodded briskly. ‘Will you be talking to your uncle sometime soon?’
A faint smile crossed Lacroix’s face. ‘Yes. I’ll be sure to tell him that the man he trusted as a friend for so many years is not a criminal after all.’
The return to Blue Ridge took less time than our outward journey, with our convoy doing over a hundred miles an hour for the most part. The Bastian Hunters were silent for the entire trip, their expressions grim under the dirt and blood that still coated their faces.
We saw the first column of smoke when we still two miles out from the compound. ‘Shit,’ Anatole said softly as he stared through the windscreen.
The tall metal gates guarding the entrance to the complex were hanging off their hinges when we reached them. By the looks of the distorted steel plates, rocket grenades had been used to force entry into the compound. We drove through and carried on silently up the hill.
Moments later, the first bodies started to appear across the grounds. We passed three burning SUVs, their deformed carcasses testimony to the fierceness of the battle that had raged in our absence. Fires blazed in most of the buildings in the complex, the flames licking dangerously close to the surrounding trees.
It was a scene of utter devastation.
We found the largest group of Bastian Hunters at the top of the rise. It was apparent that was where they had stood their ground as the last line of defence against the enemy. Bombs had churned up clods of earth and dug craters into the ground around the main lodge. The walls of the building were riddled with bullet holes. Flames engulfed the upper level and black smoke billowed from broken windows and the rooftop. Glass cracked and shattered inside.
We exited the vehicles with our guns in hand, even though it was evident that the Crovirs had left sometime ago. ‘Verdammt!’ Victor snarled between gritted teeth while he stared at the burning building.
‘You said it, boss,’ muttered Anatole. The immortal had gone pale.
There was a groan from the bottom of the porch. One of the fallen Bastians moved and opened his eyes. He blinked slowly at the smoke-filled sky.
Victor strode to the man’s side and crouched down. ‘What happened?’ he said harshly.
The Hunter licked his lips and paused for breath. ‘They came from nowhere,’ he finally said hoarsely. Rasping coughs racked his frame and a trickle of blood passed his lips as he gasped for air. ‘There were hundreds of them.’
‘The Godards?’ I asked stiffly, gripping the Smith and Wesson so tightly that my fingers blanched.
The wounded man glanced at me in a daze. ‘The Crovirs took them,’ he whispered. His gaze shifted to Victor. ‘It was Grigoriye. He let them in.’ His words were barely audible above the muted explosion from a nearby building. ‘The man leading the Crovirs was called—Olsson.’
My heart slammed wildly against my ribs at his words. Victor’s eyes widened. Stunned silence fell across the porch.
‘Grigoriye betrayed us?’ said Costas rigidly. The immortal’s eyes were expressionless.
‘Yes,’ murmured the Hunter.
‘Are you sure?’ said Victor insistently. The man coughed and nodded. Shouts and cries of pain echoed across the grounds as more Bastian Hunters returned to consciousness. Victor rose and surveyed the shattered ruins of the compound. ‘Tend to the wounded,’ he finally said softly. ‘And put out those fires.’
It was another hour before we managed to piece together the events of that morning. At approximately the same time as we started our assault on the Pennsylvania Avenue tower in DC, vast troops of Crovir Hunters led by Olsson had descended upon the Blue Ridge compound in Virginia. From the Bastian Hunters’ accounts, it appeared that Grigoriye had disabled the surveillance and communications systems minutes before the Crovirs arrived. The enemy’s targeted movements across the grounds suggested they had had access to detailed maps of the complex.
The Bastian Hunters had been caught completely off guard.
‘We’re online,’ said a Bastian tech. His fingers clattered over the keyboard of the onboard computer in the rear of one of the vans. ‘They crashed the system but we’ve managed to regain access to eighty percent of the network.’
Victor nodded briskly. ‘Good. Contact the Council.’
Moments later, the monitor flickered and a room appeared on the screen. Coarse bricks lined the curved walls of the large chamber: the stones were a faded yellow and adorned with swords and shields with coats of arms. A sculptured oak table stood in the middle of a flagstone floor. Some twenty figures were seated around it.
By the frowns on their faces, they were not pleased with the interruption. I recognised Victor’s father and a few of the Council members I met in Prague.
‘How did things go in Washington?’ said Roman Dvorsky without preamble.
‘We were partially successful,’ Victor replied. ‘We have the vaccine but Thorne got away with the virus.’ He paused and glanced at me. ‘Burnstein is dead.’
Roman frowned. ‘Did you suffer many casualties?’
‘Nothing that won’t heal,’ Victor said gruffly. ‘There’s something else you need to know, hence my call. The Crovirs attacked the Blue Ridge compound in our absence.’ He looked at Costas, who stood stiffly next to him. ‘They had help.’ Shocked murmurs rose from the speakers; the Bastians around the table glanced at each other uneasily. ‘It was Grigoriye,’ said Victor finally. Roman Dvorsky looked stunned. ‘They took Anna and Tomas Godard. They also destroyed our lab and took the samples of blood she had been working on to find an alternative vaccine.’
‘You mean Soul’s blood?’ said Roman with a heavy frown.
Victor nodded.
‘But you have their vaccine now, don’t you? Then surely it doesn’t matter,’ said the Council member seated to Roman’s right.
‘I’m afraid it does matter a great deal. The Crovirs have already started their inoculation programme,’ said Victor. ‘Even if we were to give the vaccine to every immortal and human in the world today, if they choose to release the virus in the next week, millions will still die.’ He leaned back from the screen. ‘And you’re forgetting the most important thing. They now have Anna Godard in their hands. If we don’t stop them soon, Vellacrus’s plan will become a reality in a matter of weeks.’
A troubled expression crossed Roman Dvorsky’s face. Along with the fear and anger coursing through me, unease filtered through my consciousness. The Bastian leader glanced around the chamber. ‘About that,’ he began in an obvious tone of distaste. ‘There are some among us who believe we should attempt to negotiate a pact with the Crovirs.’
Stony silence descended inside the van. ‘What?’ Victor said dully. Costas’s face tightened into a stormy expression.
‘I know,’ Roman murmured apologetically. ‘I’m only expressing the views of a few members of the First and Second Councils.’ He paused, his expression hardening. ‘We still have to vote on it, of course.’
Costas leaned towards the screen. ‘What is this going to achieve?’ he snarled. ‘Vellacrus will never agree to a treaty between our races. That woman wants to exterminate us once and for all!’ His eyes narrowed. ‘Are some of you so willing to forgive and forget the atrocities she has committed against our kind?’ he hissed. ‘Are you so eager to bow to her for a chance to taste true immortality that you would ignore the fact that she tried to kill our next leader only days ago?’ His voice rose to a roar. ‘And you dare call yourselves Bastians?!’
Victor placed a hand on the immortal’s shaking shoulders. ‘It’s all right, Costas.’
‘It would be wise to listen to Victor and Costas,’ said the Council member next to Roman. The immortal was frowning at the camera. ‘I will not have you doubt our allegiance to our race so easily Costas, although I understand why you would think that way.’ He glanced around the chamber, his gaze lingering on several faces. ‘I for one will definitely be voting against the idea of a pact and for a swift and aggressive retaliation.’
Victor studied the figures seated around the table. ‘When will we have your decision?’ he said.
‘Tomorrow at the earliest,’ Roman replied. ‘The Council members would like to consult with the nobles under their command.’
I stepped up to the monitor. ‘That’s too long,’ I said, not bothering to hide the resentment in my voice. Further mutters arose from the Bastians on the screen and frowns clouded several faces when recognition dawned. ‘With or without your help, I’m going after them.’
‘We’ll have an answer for you soon enough,’ said a Council member harshly. ‘And do you really think you can take the entire Crovir army on your own, half-breed?’ he added with a sneer.
Costas grunted. ‘He won’t be alone.’ The Bastian Council member glanced at me. ‘And I guarantee you that all the Bastians here today will follow him without a second thought.’
Victor stared at his father. ‘We’ll be mobilising as soon as we know where they’ve taken the Godards,’ he said quietly.
Roman Dvorsky nodded with a sombre expression. ‘I trust your judgement. Do what you think is best.’ The screen went blank. Silence descended inside the van.
‘Wow, you sure told them,’ Anatole murmured with a soft whistle. He gazed at Costas in wide-eyed admiration.
The Bastian Council member glared at him. ‘This doesn’t mean we’re friends,’ he said gruffly in my direction before storming out of the vehicle.
‘Sure.’ I gazed blankly after the disappearing figure.
A wry grimace crossed Victor’s face. ‘Don’t take it personally.’ He patted me on the shoulder. ‘It took me two hundred years to get him to exchange birthday cards.’ He turned to the Bastian tech manning the computers. ‘We need to call in some favours. Is the system fully functional yet?’
The tech nodded. ‘Yes, as of a minute ago.’
‘Good,’ said Victor. ‘I want you to contact this number on a secure line. Put it on speaker phone once you get through.’
Static echoed around the interior of the van when Dimitri Reznak answered the call moments later. His voice came through in broken fragments. ‘What happened in Washington?’
‘We got our hands on the vaccine,’ said Victor. ‘Unfortunately, Thorne got away with the virus.’ He paused and frowned. ‘Where are you?’
‘Somewhere in Egypt,’ said Reznak, his voice fading and crackling.
Victor’s eyebrows rose. ‘On Crovir business?’
‘No, not quite.’ There was a pause. ‘Just indulging in one of my pet projects.’
Victor frowned. ‘Does it have anything to do with matters at hand?’
‘I’m not sure,’ came the enigmatic reply.
‘Half of Vellacrus’s army stormed our compound in Virginia. They took Anna and Tomas Godard,’ Victor continued after a brief pause. ‘Do you know where they are?’ Static rose from the speakers in the long silence that followed. ‘Dimitri? Are you there?’ Victor said sharply.
‘Yes,’ came the quiet reply. The Crovir noble sounded troubled. ‘That’s the first I’ve heard of it.’
Victor hesitated. ‘Do you think she suspects you?’
‘No,’ said Reznak. ‘Vellacrus is renowned for keeping her cards close to her chest.’ He paused. ‘This is likely to have been a last minute strategy. She doesn’t need the approval of the First Council for urgent tactical decisions.’ Static erupted from the line again. ‘—find out what I can—get back to you—’
The transmission ended abruptly. Victor stared at the speakers. ‘Are our satellites back online?’ he said finally.
‘Yes,’ said the Bastian tech.
‘Good. I want you to start tracking all the known Crovir facilities around the globe. There’s bound to be a lot of activity on the ground if they’re detaining the Godards in one of them.’
Dusk was falling across the mountains when I entered the main lodge a while later. Foam from the fire extinguishers coated the floor and walls of the building, turning the ash and soot into muddy slush. I made my way to the underground bunker that housed the lab and crossed the floor to the glass rooms. Glittering fragments crunched under my feet when I entered the first chamber.
Bullets had damaged most of the equipment Anna and the scientists had been using. The papers scattered across the work surfaces and the floor had been shredded by rounds and debris, rendering the writing unreadable. I paused in front of a desk and trailed my fingers across the back of Anna’s chair.
‘We’ll find them,’ said Reid behind me. I kept my back to him, my hands clasping the edge of the seat tightly while I stared into the isolation room where I had lived as a virtual prisoner for three days. The familiar scent of Pall Mall slowly clouded the air. A smoke ring drifted past my ear. ‘She’s quite a lady, isn’t she?’
‘Yes, she is,’ I said stiffly.
Silence followed. ‘Never thought I’d hear the bulldog defend you,’ Reid added drily.
Despite my inner turmoil, a faint smile crossed my lips. ‘Neither did I.’
Footsteps sounded behind us. We turned and stared at the figure striding across the floor of the bunker. ‘Victor wants you,’ said Bruno.





Chapter Twenty-Five


‘Reznak called.’ We were on the ground floor of the lodge. The Bastians had recovered some of the equipment from the operations room and were busy setting up camp in the kitchen. I ignored the activity around us and studied Victor’s face intently while he spoke. ‘The Godards are in Europe.’
I took a step forward. ‘Where?’ I demanded curtly.
There was a flicker on one of the smoke-stained walls. An infrared, night vision satellite image appeared on a projection screen. One of the Bastian techs behind a keyboard focused on it.
We stared silently at the grainy picture.
‘They’re on an island in the Mediterranean sea, somewhere between Sardinia and Sicily,’ Victor replied steadily. ‘The only reason we know its location is because Dimitri provided us with the exact geographic coordinates.’ He paused and glanced at me. ‘It doesn’t appear on any maps of the area. In fact, according to the US Geological Society and the European Federation of Geologists, it doesn’t even exist.’
‘It sure looks real to me,’ muttered Reid.
The island was a fortress. A jagged ring of rocks surrounded the rugged land mass and churned the dark waters around it into a roiling, foaming death trap. Tall, white-topped waves surged and crashed against sheer, three hundred-foot high cliff walls that soared vertically above the sea. A few night birds danced and swirled above the silver spray. Tendrils of scrub and the odd dead tree clung to the otherwise bare rock face.
On the summit of the bluff stood a castle. A nightmare concoction of towers, rooftops and terraces, it sprawled across the prominence like a dark scar on the land. Narrow courtyards and labyrinthine paths intersected the extensive gardens that fronted it. The entire structure was surrounded by hundred-foot high, towering brick ramparts. Barred casement windows glimmered in the walls, the leaded glass reflecting the glare from the security lights around the perimeter of the monstrous citadel.
Figures were visible on the roofs and the extensive walkways that topped the walls. More still moved on the ground. The place was swarming with Crovir Hunters.
‘Reznak and the rest of the Crovir Councils have been summoned to the island,’ said Victor. ‘Vellacrus is apparently intending to make an example of Tomas Godard.’ He paused, his expression hardening. ‘He will be the first Bastian to be exposed to the Red Death in six hundred and fifty years,’ he added stiffly.
I clenched my fists and ignored the numb coldness spreading through my limbs. ‘When does she plan to do this?’ I said, staring unwaveringly at the immortal.
Victor shook his head. ‘Not for a day or two, at least. She’ll have to wait until all the Council members are gathered on the island.’ He glanced at Costas, who stood scowling silently at the back of the room. ‘Dimitri tells me that one out of the other three First Council members has pledged to help him stop Vellacrus and Thorne, as have several Crovirs in the Second Council and the Assembly. They each have about a hundred men under their command.’
A wry smile rose on Reid’s face. ‘So, what you’re saying is, we’re kinda outnumbered three to one.’
Costas grunted. ‘We wouldn’t be in this position if the Bastian Councils stopped sitting on their hands and did something.’
Victor turned a steady gaze on him. ‘Roman will persuade them.’
‘When? By then it might be too late!’ barked the Council member. He paused, his expression brooding. ‘I’m sorry. It’s just that—’ He lapsed abruptly into silence.
Victor crossed the floor and stopped in front of the frowning immortal. ‘The friends who betrayed us will be made to atone for their treachery,’ he said quietly.
A hunted look flitted across Costas’s face. ‘Seven hundred years,’ he murmured huskily. ‘That’s how long I’ve known Grigoriye. You would think after all that time I’d know the man inside out.’ Silence followed his tortured words.
‘I suspect there are others in the Bastian Councils who want to imitate his actions,’ said Victor finally.
Costas scowled. ‘They will have to answer to my blade if they do!’
My gaze shifted to the satellite image on the screen. ‘When do we leave?’ I said curtly, struggling to hide the anxious impatience in my voice.
‘We can be airborne in two hours,’ said Victor. He walked to a table where a map of the Mediterranean Sea lay spread out and frowned while he stared at it. ‘But first, we have to consider the small matter of logistics.’
We left the compound an hour later. As the large convoy of SUVs and vans travelled swiftly through the night to the private airfield where we had landed days previously, Victor and Costas made a number of long transatlantic calls.
A cool breeze was blowing in from the Virginia coastline when we reached the landing strip. The C-40 Clipper stood waiting in the glare of a dozen halogen floodlights. Shadows soon danced across the grey fuselage when the cargo hold was filled with weapons and hardware. Still recovering from the injuries of the last twelve hours, some Bastian Hunters moved more slowly than others.
We took off after thirty minutes. It was a nine-hour flight to our destination. Victor finalized the details of our operation and ordered everyone to get some rest.
Despite my bone deep exhaustion, sleep proved unsurprisingly elusive again. I stared out of a window, my mind filled with images of Anna and our grandfather from the previous two weeks. My fingers unconsciously tightened on the armrests, my emotions fluctuating from anger and frustration to fear and anxiety at their fate. Clouds glowed in the moonlight beneath the belly of the plane; occasionally, a break in the white blanket afforded a glimpse of the dark waters of the Atlantic below.
‘Can’t sleep?’ someone eventually murmured beside me. I looked to my left. Reid had moved across the aisle and taken the seat next to mine.
‘No,’ I said tiredly.
Reid studied me for several seconds. ‘We’ll get them back,’ he said softly. ‘You have to believe that.’
‘I know.’
‘Look on the bright side,’ Reid added wryly. ‘At least half the immortals on the planet are no longer trying to kill you.’
I smiled faintly and leaned back against the headrest. My gaze shifted to the dark sky outside. Memories of the night before flashed past my eyes once more. It felt like a lifetime ago since I held Anna in my arms.
Sometime before noon the next day, we crossed the Mediterranean Sea and landed on a military airfield in the south of Sardinia. I stepped off the plane onto hot, cracked asphalt and looked around.
The base was teeming with officers of the Italian Air Force. A dozen transport and fighter planes, as well as a pair of combat search and rescue helicopters, stood parked across the extensive tarmac. Some of the men paused to glance at us curiously before going about their duties.
While the Bastians unloaded the cargo hold of the C-14, I gazed toward the cloud wreathed peaks to the west. Two dots appeared above the shimmering foothills of the mountain range; seconds later, a pair of F-16 fighter jets boomed overhead and disappeared in the azure skies to the east.
‘That’s a sight you don’t see every day,’ said Reid. I glanced at him. My gaze shifted to the cigar in his hand. ‘Oh, this? I got it from Costas.’ He grinned at my expression. ‘The bulldog’s bark is definitely harsher than his bite.’
We followed the Hunters across the tarmac to a large hangar, where Victor and Costas stood talking to a tall, distinguished-looking grey-haired man in uniform. ‘This is Major Vincenzo. He’s the commander of the base and an old friend,’ said Victor by way of introduction.
Shrewd black eyes studied us from beneath a pair of thick white eyebrows. ‘Are these the two men you want me to coach?’ the major said in a soft and surprisingly smooth accent.
‘There are six others,’ said Victor. He signalled to a group of Bastian Hunters hovering close by.
My eyes widened slightly: I recognised one of them. ‘It’s good to see you again,’ I muttered.
Friedrich nodded briefly as he approached. His injuries appeared to have healed and he walked with a barely visible limp. ‘Victor thought my skills might come in handy.’
The major stared at him critically. ‘How many jumps have you done before?’
‘Ten,’ the German Bastian Hunter replied steadily.
Vincenzo nodded, his gaze shifting to the sky outside the hangar doors. ‘We’ve got six hours left till sundown.’ He turned and strode off briskly. ‘Come with me, gentlemen.’
We headed after him to a DHC-6 twin otter plane sitting on the baking asphalt some hundred feet away. Several figures were loading a large amount of gear into the rear of the fuselage. The turbo engines roared into life when we reached the aircraft.
‘Get in,’ said the major curtly. ‘We’ll go through basic drills in the air.’ He paused. ‘Have any of you performed accuracy landings before?’ Bar Friedrich, there was a general shaking of heads. Vincenzo frowned. ‘Well, we’ll have to see what we can do.’
‘Oh boy,’ Reid muttered behind me as we climbed inside the plane.
The light was fading fast when we made our final descent to the base several hours later. I stepped off the aircraft and glanced nervously at the kaleidoscope of orange and pink streaks arching across the horizon to the west; though my heart still raced and my limbs shook from the intensive training we had received, I was aware that time was fast running out for the Godards.
The major was the last man to leave the plane. While his officers wrapped up the equipment we had used during our exercises, he dropped onto the tarmac and gazed at us steadily. ‘That was good work,’ he said with a satisfied expression. ‘You’re all fast learners. I can safely say that none of you are likely to kill yourselves after what we’ve just put you through.’ A guarded look appeared in his eyes. ‘As to what happens after that, I’m not in a position to comment.’
We headed back to the hangar assigned to the Bastians. The brightly lit confines were a hive of activity. A line of army trucks and jeeps stood at the ready at the doors of the building; the Hunters were gearing up to leave.
We crossed the floor to the command center set up in a corner of the vast space. The lights from several monitors cast shadows on the faces of the people gathered in front of the terminals. Victor looked around at our footsteps. ‘How did it go?’ he said.
‘Well, the major said we wouldn’t die,’ Reid replied drily.
A faint smile crossed Victor’s face. ‘Coming from Carlo, I would take that as a compliment.’
I stared past him at the flickering screens. ‘Are we ready?’ I said, trying to hide the edge in my voice.
‘Yes,’ said Victor with a nod. ‘Dimitri and the remaining Council members arrived on the island an hour ago.’ He glanced from the monitors to his watch. ‘They’ll have the radar jamming devices set up by twenty-hundred.’ He paused and gazed at me with narrowed eyes. ‘Costas and I will be heading for the port in fifty minutes. You should get some rest before you leave.’
Although I felt drained from the flight drills we had been put through, I was too tense to follow his advice. I found a deserted spot at the edge of the airfield and practised with the swords under the rising moon. It took all of my concentration to quell the nervous tension building inside me and focus on my moves. A warm breeze blew in from the sea and soon flicked the droplets of sweat that beaded my face and arms onto the tarmac.
Not long after, the Bastian convoy thundered past on its way to the city of Cagliari, some ten miles south and to the east on the Sardinian coastline. Anatole waved from behind the wheels of the leading SUV; Victor nodded stoically from the seat next to him.
‘You almost done?’ said Reid, coming up behind me.
‘Yes.’ I lowered the daisho and slowly sheathed the blades.
‘Good. We should get some food.’ Reid grimaced. ‘I hate to think what might happen if we eat too close to take-off.’ I smiled faintly and followed him to the hangar.
Two hours later, at exactly 21:00, we finally left the base.
The refuelled DHC-6 climbed steadily in an easterly direction, its twin engines filling the interior of the fuselage with a steady drone that would have made conversation difficult if any of us had been in a mood to talk. Not that we could have easily, with the face masks that connected us to the central console delivering the one hundred percent pure oxygen we needed to inhale to flush out nitrogen from our bloodstream and reduce the risk of decompression sickness associated with our high-altitude, low-opening jump.
Two of the major’s lieutenants had accompanied us on the flight. As instructed by them, I spent most of the ninety-minute journey concentrating on my breathing and checking Reid for signs of hypoxia and hyperventilation.
‘If I’d known I’d be doing a HALO jump soon, I would have quit smoking months ago.’ Reid’s voice was low even through the earpiece attached to my head.
I leaned forward and peered at him anxiously. ‘How’re you feeling?’ It was difficult to see his expression through the glass visor of the helmet on his head.
‘I could do with a smoke,’ came the dull reply.
I sighed, shook my head and settled back in the seat. A crackle of static echoed in our earpieces. ‘We’re fifteen minutes from the drop zone,’ said the pilot. ‘Check your gear.’
The eight of us rose and went through the safety procedures we had been taught that afternoon under the keen eyes of Vincenzo’s lieutenants. Another voice came over the earpiece moments later. ‘Hey, can you guys hear me?’ It was the Bastian tech at the base.
I observed the series of nods around the fuselage. ‘Yeah, we hear you,’ I replied into the mouthpiece.
‘Victor called,’ said the tech. ‘Reznak’s men are in place. They’ve secured access to the external security cameras and the radars. You’re good to go.’
There was a further crackle from the earpiece. ‘ETA five minutes,’ warned the pilot.
‘Good luck,’ the Bastian tech added quietly.
I switched on the portable oxygen bottle on my back, disconnected from the console and checked my flow meter. One of lieutenants opened the loading door on the port-side of the aircraft. Cold air rushed inside the hold. ‘On three,’ he mouthed, signalling with his fingers. I followed Reid to the exit and stepped off the plane, the wind whipping at my jumpsuit as I dropped forward. Seconds later, I was in free-fall.
The HALO jump over the Mediterranean Sea was from thirty thousand feet. As the dark landscape spread out beneath me, I reached up, switched on the night vision goggles beneath my helmet, tucked my arms to my sides and angled my head down. The island appeared as a grey-green shadow in the waters ahead and slightly to the left, the image strangely stark under the ambient moonlight. I turned towards it and concentrated on keeping my breaths slow and steady. Soon, the audible altimeter sounded in my ears, indicating that I had reached a terminal velocity of 170 mph.
The fall lasted almost two thrilling minutes. At the two thousand feet signal, I reached behind and pulled the pilot chute out from the bottom pocket of the container strapped to my back. There was a slight tug as the bridle lifted the deployment bag holding the main parachute: the canopy unfolded above me, its suspension lines feeding steadily through the slider. I braced myself for the sudden deceleration and reached for the steering toggles. One hundred feet below and to my right, Reid’s parachute swooped towards the rapidly enlarging landmass. I headed after him.
Seconds later, we landed on the rooftop of one of the castle’s towers. I hit the ground with a soft thud, rolled, pulled the wakizashi out of its sheath and cut away the lines before the chute could drag me over the edge of the terrace. There was movement at the corner of my eyes. I ducked, twisted on my feet and stabbed the Crovir Hunter raising his gun in the chest. The immortal crumpled. I caught the limp body and lowered it quietly to the ground.
A dull noise suddenly rose behind me. I glanced over my shoulder. My eyes widened. Heart leaping in my throat, I turned and ran towards the two figures struggling silently near the north-east parapet of the rooftop. A second before I reached them, the men fell from the tower.
I dove forward, slammed the tip of the wakizashi into a groove between two stone slabs and slid over the edge of the parapet with an outstretched arm. My fingers closed over flesh. I came to a juddering stop with my body halfway above a lot of empty space.
The silence beneath me was broken by a soft thump.
‘That was close,’ murmured Reid below me. He dangled from my grasp, his feet swinging over the hundred-foot drop. I glanced at the dark shape of the Crovir Hunter lying at the base of the tower and pulled Reid up with a soft grunt.
We crouched and carefully studied the adjoining rooftops. ‘Everyone okay?’ I murmured tensely in my mouthpiece. A series of affirmative responses sounded in my ears. The six Bastian Hunters had alighted safely.
The distant boom of waves crashing into the rocks hundreds of feet below was the only noise that reached us. No cries of alarm sounded in the night; our landing had gone undetected. Friedrich waved briefly from a nearby tower and disappeared in the gloom.
Reid and I removed our flight gear and headed for the door tucked in a corner of the rooftop. Beyond it was a dark and narrow stairwell. I paused at the top of the steps and glanced over the metal banister. A further four landings were visible below. Silence rose from the lower depths of the turret.
We moved silently down the spiral staircase and reached the bottom moments later. A closed, iron-plated oak door stood facing us. Faint voices carried through from the other side. I glanced at Reid. ‘On three?’ he said softly. I nodded, slid the Glock 17 and the Smith & Wesson from the holsters on my hips, checked the suppressors on the guns and moved to the side of the doorjamb.
Reid’s bullet struck the lock with a dull metallic twang. The door crashed open on his first kick. He stepped out of the way. I turned, dropped to one knee, raised both guns and fired.
The shots took out the first three Crovir Hunters in the room beyond. Light from a naked bulb glinted on the edge of the wakizashi as it spun through the air and thudded into the neck of the fourth Hunter. The man’s hand slipped from the handle of the door at the opposite end of the chamber and he fell soundlessly to the ground.
Reid covered the room with his gun while I crossed the floor to retrieve the sword. We paused in front of the second doorway and listened intently. Silence emanated from beyond it. Reid glanced at me: I nodded once. He slowly twisted the handle. The door opened quietly on well-oiled hinges.
We were faced with a narrow walkway at the top of one of the castle walls. A bank of clouds had moved in from the west and drifted past the moon, causing shadows to dance across the pale stone. Cold air whipped over the tall rampart from the sea on the left. To the right, a thick parapet overlooked a dark courtyard a hundred feet below.
At the other end of the path, two Crovir guards were engaged in low conversation in front of the door to the next tower. Smoke curled up from the cigarettes in their hands. A low chuckle drifted in our direction.
The darkness and the rush of the wind helped mask our approach. We were ten feet from the men before they noticed us. They jerked convulsively as our bullets struck them. The sound of their bodies hitting the stone walkway was barely perceptible above the crash of the distant surf.
An empty room lay through the doorway to the second tower. Narrow windows on the right overlooked an enclosed courtyard. As we headed towards an exit on the other side, I glanced around and froze in my tracks.
‘What is it?’ Reid whispered tensely.
‘There’re three glasses on that table,’ I said in a low voice, studying the bench tucked beneath the windows. The words had barely left my lips when a faint gasp reached my ears. I turned and saw the third man disappear through a door hidden in the shadows on our right.
I was the first one over the threshold. Up ahead, the Crovir Hunter was halfway down a dark corridor, his figure darting swiftly between the bars of pale moonlight that shone through the casement windows on the left.
At the end of the passage was a brightly lit archway framed by a pair of thick, velvet curtains.
Reid’s silent shot whizzed past me and caught the man on the leg. He stumbled and nearly fell. It was all I needed. I dove and tackled him to the ground a dozen feet from the opening.
We landed with a dull thud on cold, bare stone. The Hunter quickly rolled out from under me and reached for his gun. He froze when the tip of the wakizashi touched the skin at the base of his throat.
‘Do you know who I am?’ I said in a low voice while Reid relieved him of his weapon. The Crovir Hunter nodded faintly and winced when the short blade drew a drop of blood from his flesh. I studied him with a frown. ‘Where are the prisoners?’
The immortal gazed at me with a blank expression. ‘I don’t know what you’re talking about,’ he said gruffly.
I leaned forward until my face was mere inches from his and moved my hand slightly. ‘Anna and Tomas Godard. Where are they?’ I repeated slowly.
The Crovir Hunter gulped. A thin, crimson trickle coursed down his neck and stained the collar of his shirt. As he opened his mouth to reply, voices rose through the brilliant arch ahead.





Chapter Twenty-Six


Reid and I grabbed the Hunter and pulled him into the shadows behind the velvet curtains. I kept the wakizashi pressed against the immortal’s throat and stared at him with narrowed eyes. His breath left his lips in a soft sigh: he nodded with a defeated expression.
Snatches of conversation reached us as footsteps drew close to the doorway.
‘—the chamber ready?’
‘Yes, sir. We’ve set it up as per your instructions.’
‘Good.’ There was a pause. ‘And the girl?’
‘Our scientists are still doing tests on her. As expected, she’s not cooperating. They think—’
The rest of the exchange was muted as the voices faded out of earshot. I took a step towards the archway, rage stirring the blood in my veins like the turbulent sea outside the fortress. Reid placed a hand on my shoulder and frowned.
The first voice had belonged to Felix Thorne.
I drew a slow breath, forced my stiff body to relax and turned a steady gaze on the Crovir Hunter. ‘Where’s the central command room?’ I asked curtly.
The immortal’s eyes widened. He shook his head. ‘You’ll never get there in one piece,’ he said scornfully.
I frowned. ‘I didn’t ask for your opinion.’
Reid sighed. ‘Just show us to the nearest computer terminal,’ he muttered.
The Crovir Hunter reluctantly guided us to a room thirty feet down the bright passageway. Light gleamed on a camera near the ceiling while we strode silently across the carpeted floor. We ignored it and paused on either side of the doorjamb. There was silence from the other side. Reid reached for the handle.
Five seconds later, we had disposed of the two guards inside. I handcuffed our prisoner to the radiator on the wall; fear filled the immortal’s eyes as he glanced at the dead men on the floor. ‘Don’t worry, you might still prove to be useful,’ I said tersely. I turned my attention to the computer on the table, reached inside my jumpsuit and plugged a slim USB device in one of the ports. ‘We’re in,’ I muttered into the mouthpiece.
The Bastian tech’s voice came over the earpiece with a faint buzz of static. ‘Good.’ There was a short pause. ‘Victor called. They’re ten minutes from the island.’
I watched as the screen flickered. The device allowed the Bastians access to the Crovir fortress’s mainframe via satellites positioned in low orbit over Europe. With this, we would be able to see live feeds from the entire complex. Letters and numbers soon streamed across the monitor.
‘Here goes,’ murmured the Bastian tech.
Moments later, video images from dozens of security cameras appeared in separate frames on the screen. My eyes were immediately drawn to one on the bottom right of the monitor. ‘Where is that?’ I said harshly.
The Bastian tech knew which feed I meant without me having to spell it out. He zoomed in on the picture. Floor plans of the castle appeared at the side of the image. There was an audible intake of breath from the other end of the line. ‘That room is in a secured facility two hundred feet below you,’ he finally said quietly. ‘It’s inside the island.’
My heart pounded dully in my chest while I stared at the image of Anna lying still on a metal gurney. Her arms and legs were strapped to the bed and she was attached to a life monitor and an IV stand. Her eyes were closed and her face looked deathly pale.
I glanced at the maps on the screen. ‘Can you override the access doors to that unit?’ I said stiffly.
The Bastian tech was silent for a while. His voice finally came through the earpiece. ‘No. I’m afraid I’ve got more bad news.’
‘What is it?’ I said impatiently.
‘It seems they have a completely separate security system for that part of the complex. Even the camera feeds are controlled from a different subframe.’ The tech paused. ‘The best I can do is get you to one of the elevators that will take you down to the facility. After that, you’re on your own.’
Reid and I glanced at each other. ‘Let the others know where we’re headed,’ I said, gazing at the other pictures on the monitor. ‘My grandfather’s bound to be down there as well.’
We left the Crovir Hunter gagged and handcuffed inside the room and proceeded east along the corridor. All the while, the image of Anna’s lifeless face burned at the front of my mind.
The Bastian tech guided us down a further two floors of the castle. We finally reached a hidden alcove in the south facing wall of a tower, where a metal door stood framed by a pair of heavy drapes. ‘This is as far as I can take you,’ said the tech. ‘The lift is through that door.’ He paused. ‘There are five Crovir Hunters between you and that elevator.’
‘Thanks,’ I murmured. I holstered my guns and lifted the daisho from my waist. ‘Are the others here yet?’
‘They’ve just reached the underwater dock.’
I glanced at Reid. In addition to the Glock, he also held a Beretta pistol in his hand. ‘What about Friedrich and his team?’ I said in a low voice.
‘They’re almost at the main command room.’ Static travelled down the connection. ‘Reznak and his men haven’t got control over the subframe security yet,’ the Bastian tech continued in a quiet voice. ‘Once you guys go through that door, the Crovirs will know we’re on the island.’
Reid frowned, his grip tightening on the guns.
‘We’ll take care of the cameras if we can,’ I said into the mouthpiece. ‘Warn Friedrich and the others.’
‘Will do,’ murmured the Bastian tech. ‘Good luck.’
I stared at Reid. ‘Ready?’ I said stiffly.
He shrugged. ‘Let’s roll.’
I stepped back, my fingers tightening on the handles of the blades, and nodded once.
Reid raised the Glock and shot through the lock. I kicked the door open and moved out of the way. He stepped inside the room, took out the camera near the ceiling, lifted the Beretta in his other hand and fired rapidly from both weapons.
I dove in after him, hit the floor, rolled and rose to my feet. Bullets ricocheted off the edges of the steel as I weaved the blades around, my steps quick and measured. The tips of the daisho gleamed with blood, and crimson sprays quickly splattered the ground and the walls of the anteroom.
Eight seconds later, the Crovir Hunters were dead. I reached for the swipe card on one of the dead men and stepped towards the lift.
‘Lucas,’ Reid murmured warningly.
I glanced to where he stared. The numbers on the indicator panel above the elevator had started to glow. The cabin was moving up.
We shifted to the sides of the lift. A moment later, a soft ping sounded and the panels swung open with a faint hiss. Olsson stepped out and stood perfectly still for a split second, his eyes widening in incomprehension as he took in the bloody scene. His hand was halfway to his gun when the katana arched through the air and stopped a hairbreadth from the base of his throat. He froze again.
‘Hello, Mikael,’ I said coldly. I was surprised at how composed I felt at seeing him again.
‘How did you—’ Olsson’s voice was interrupted by Reid’s near silent shot. The Crovir Hunter at the back of the elevator cabin slowly slid to the floor, his eyes turning dull beneath the fresh bullet wound in his forehead. His index finger slid across a button on the control panel before his arm swung down lifelessly next to his body.
A shrill alarm sounded through the room. It was undoubtedly being transmitted to the entire complex.
Reid sighed. ‘Well, they were gonna find out about us soon anyway,’ he said with a grimace. ‘What do you wanna do with him?’ He indicated Olsson with the Glock.
Olsson’s eyes burned with anger, his body rigid from trying to keep still. ‘He might prove useful as leverage,’ I muttered. I grabbed a cable tie from my backpack and closed it around Olsson’s wrists.
‘And if he doesn’t?’ said Reid dubiously. A thoughtful frown appeared on his face. He suddenly brightened up. ‘I know! We can use him as a shield.’
Olsson scowled. I pushed him inside the lift, shifted him until he faced the doorway and carefully placed the wakizashi next to the pulsing artery in his neck. ‘You’re going to take us to Anna and my grandfather,’ I ordered curtly.
‘Like hell I will!’ Olsson retorted with a sneer.
‘I don’t think you understand.’ I dug the tip of the short blade into his skin. ‘I will kill you without a second thought if you don’t do as I say.’
A mocking chuckle left Olsson’s lips. ‘Go ahead. You have no idea what these people are capable of, do you? Besides, Tomas Godard deserves to die!’
I paused at his words. ‘My grandfather was not responsible for your father’s death,’ I said slowly.
‘Yes, he was!’ barked Olsson. The wakizashi cut into his skin as he shook with rage. ‘He ordered the Bastians into Khotyn!’
The alarm blared loudly in the silence that followed. ‘Your father was a Hunter. He knew what he was getting himself into,’ I said quietly.
Olsson glared at me. ‘Go to hell, Soul! I’ll never help you, so you might as well kill me now!’
Reid frowned. I hesitated and studied the numbers on the elevator control panel. ‘Not yet, Mikael,’ I finally murmured. ‘Not while there’s a chance that we could still use you.’ I pressed the button that would take us to the lowest floor, roughly one hundred and sixty feet below ground. The doors closed and the lift started to move.
Moments later, we neared the innermost depths of the island. The sound of distant shots reached our ears.
‘Looks like they started the party without us,’ said Reid. He absentmindedly stroked the end of his nose with the Glock and sighed. ‘I could really do with a smoke.’
Olsson glared at him. ‘For a mortal, you sure are taking things lightly,’ he spat out.
Reid’s eyes narrowed. ‘You know, if Lucas doesn’t shut you up soon, I swear I’m gonna shoot you.’
The noise of the gunfire grew louder. The doors of the elevator swung open.
Smoke wreathed the air and bullets crisscrossed a wide subterranean lobby ahead of us. To the left, taking cover behind a makeshift barricade, were Victor, Anatole and a dozen Bastian Hunters. At least fifty Crovirs stood across the way from them.
‘Take him!’ I said harshly and pushed Olsson towards Reid. I sheathed the swords, drew the weapons from the holsters at my hips and stepped out of the lift.
Time slowed. I breathed slowly and deeply, the guns barely jerking in my hands as I emptied the magazines with deadly accuracy. Ten seconds passed. I slowed briefly to reload. A stray bullet grazed my cheek. Another ruffled the hair above my left ear. One struck my body vest. I hardly noticed and finished clipping the fresh chambers into place before raising the guns once more, my stride unbroken.
The final cartridge clattered to the floor twenty seconds later. I blinked slowly at the clearing haze and stared at the bodies covering the vestibule.
Footsteps rose behind me. ‘Well, that seems to be it for the time being,’ said Victor briskly. He came to a stop at my side and changed the magazine in his gun. ‘Though I’m sure there’ll be plenty more where they came from.’ The Bastian Hunters started to divest the fallen Crovirs of their weapons.
‘You look like shit,’ Reid told Anatole with a grin.
‘Well, yeah, travelling by submarine is not exactly my favourite mode of transportation. Give me the high road anytime,’ the ashen-faced immortal muttered dully. A gleam appeared in his eyes as his gaze shifted to the left. ‘Why, look who we have here. We meet again, asshole.’ This he directed at Olsson, who stood nursing a wounded leg with a scowl on his face.
I looked questioningly at Reid. ‘One of his own men shot him. Go figure,’ he said with a non-committal shrug.
‘The research facility where they’re holding Anna and your grandfather is through there.’ Victor indicated a pair of steel doors behind the dead Crovirs. ‘Costas and Bruno are holding the lower floors to the dock. I don’t know how much longer they’ll be able to stall the Crovirs.’ He frowned. ‘Reznak and his men are still in the main fortress.’
Faint explosions from above punctuated the end of his statement. ‘Friedrich?’ I said brusquely.
‘He’s fighting his way into the command room as we speak,’ said Victor. ‘One of the Crovir nobles is helping. Once they’re in, we’ll be able to get the rest of our men on the island.’
While we had been making our way to the Crovir fortress by air and by sea, Roman Dvorsky had finally contacted his son with the Councils’ decision: the rest of the Bastian army was on its way from Europe to assist us.
Unfortunately, I feared they would be too late. The expression on Victor’s face mirrored my own doubts.
I pushed aside the dread coursing through my veins and turned to study the metal doors in our path. A security panel sat on the wall to the left of the jamb. From what I could see, it was going to take more than an access card to get us inside the core of the Crovir fortress. I looked up.
Victor followed my gaze to a panel on the ceiling. ‘What are you thinking?’ he said softly.
‘From the floor plans I saw earlier, there’s a ventilation duct right above us. I think it leads into the facility.’ I frowned thoughtfully. ‘It won’t be practical for all of us to go that way.’ I crossed the floor to the control panel next to the steel doors. It was similar to the one I had in my apartment in Boston. I glanced at Olsson. ‘I suspect his fingerprint and retinal scan will get you through here,’ I said to Victor. ‘We’ll create a diversion to give you a fighting chance.’
Reid linked his fingers together into a foothold underneath the panel. I stepped on, climbed onto his shoulders and unscrewed the metal plate above our heads. Seconds later, I was inside the vent. I pulled Reid and Anatole in after me.
‘See you on the other side,’ Victor murmured from below.
The passage inside the duct was hot and tight. We crawled along it as quietly as we could, our breaths coming hard and fast in the enclosed space. A minute later, we came to an opening in the ceiling. I unbolted the metal cover, moved it aside silently and peered carefully out of the hole.
A crowd of thirty Crovir Hunters stood in front of the steel doors at one end of a white-walled corridor, their guns at the ready. Behind them, an empty passage led into the facility.
I gripped the edge of the ventilation duct and slowly lowered myself to the tiled floor. Reid and Anatole followed behind me.
The Bastian immortal removed a pair of Steyr AUG rifles from his backpack and handed one to Reid. He depressed the safety button on his and grinned at us before waving wildly at the Crovirs. ‘Hey, assholes! We’re right here!’
The immortals at the end of the corridor turned, their eyes widening in shocked surprise. By then, our bullets had already struck ten of them. On cue, the metal doors opened, revealing Victor and the Bastians.
Rapid footsteps rose at our backs. More Crovirs appeared along the empty passage behind us. Anatole glanced at me. ‘We’ll take the front!’ he said jovially.
I frowned and turned to face the approaching wave, my swords in hand. A heartbeat later, the blades arched and danced through the air. A couple of bullets thudded into my body vest. Another skimmed past my right eye and grazed the top of my ear. Throughout it all, I breathed steadily, the daisho carving into flesh again and again.
Moments later, we had secured the principal entrance to the underground facility. ‘Keep going! We’ll cover you!’ Victor shouted behind me as a fresh surge of Crovirs arrived at the steel doors. I nodded briskly and started to run, Reid and Anatole close on my heels.
More guards appeared in our path the deeper we ventured inside the island. They fell rapidly beneath our bullets and my blades. Endless white corridors soon merged into each other, the walls blindingly bright under the harsh fluorescent strips on the ceiling. All the while, alarms clamoured loudly through the complex.
Biohazard signs started to appear overhead. Minutes later, we turned a corner and skidded to a stop in front of a pair of high containment doors. ‘The labs must be through here,’ I panted. I stared at the control panel at the side with a frown: I had never seen one like it before.
Footsteps pounded the tiles behind us. Several Crovir Hunters came into view at the other end of the passage. Reid scowled. ‘Hurry and do your stuff! We haven’t got much cover here!’
I unscrewed the metal panel covering the unit while Reid and Anatole laid down cover fire. I grabbed a powerful pen torch from the backpack and shone it on the microcircuits inside, a sliver of sweat rolling down my face. I blinked, stuck the torch between my teeth, lifted the wakizashi and sliced through two wires. I rapidly twisted the ends together.
A light turned green above the lintel. The containment doors opened with a hiss of escaping air. ‘Let’s go!’ I shouted over my shoulder.
We crossed the threshold into a wide, glass-walled hallway. I counted at least twenty figures in white biohazard suits working at complex machines and moving between crowded worktops behind the sterile partitions on both sides of the passage. They looked up at the sound of the gunfire, their eyes widening behind their visors.
I turned and stabbed the wakizashi into the access panel in the wall behind me. Sparks erupted from the unit. The containment doors closed on the approaching Crovir Hunters, their bullets thudding uselessly into the reinforced metal.
Reid’s eyebrows rose. ‘Well, that should buy us what, a minute or two?’
I nodded and headed swiftly down the hall. At the second intersection, I paused and turned left. ‘Down here.’
From what I recalled of the map of the facility, Anna was being held in a room somewhere along that passage.
Doors opened as I strode down the corridor. I paid no heed to the scientists fleeing past me.
A containment door finally appeared at the far end. Ten feet from it, four Crovir Hunters came out of an opening on the right. They barely had time to raise their guns before they fell under the blades. Without pausing for breath, I lifted a card from one of the dead men and moved it over the control panel of the door. It glided open with a soft pneumatic noise.
A couple of men in sterile suits looked up from a monitor sitting on a desk in the room beyond. I ignored them and glanced around wildly, my eyes searching and finally finding the figure I was yearning to see behind a glass window on the left.
‘Open that door!’ I commanded harshly, indicating the sealed entrance in the containment wall.
One of the scientists reached for a phone next to him. He froze as the barrel of a gun touched the back of his head. ‘I would do as he says if I were you,’ said Reid silkily.
The second man gulped and stood up slowly. He crossed the floor and typed in a security code in the wall with a shaking hand. As soon as the door slid open, I moved past him and entered the sterile room.
Anna’s eyes opened when I reached the side of the bed. Dark pupils dilated in a sea of green. ‘Lucas?’ she whispered.
‘I’m here,’ I said, struggling to keep my voice steady as a wave of emotions surged through me.
A smile tugged at her dry lips. ‘I knew you’d come for me,’ she said softly.
I took in the dark circles under her eyes and the fresh bruises on her arms. Rage replaced the joy inside my chest. I carefully avoided her gaze while I undid the leather belts holding her down on the metal gurney, my hands trembling imperceptibly.
‘Are you okay?’ I said, lifting her gently and cradling her against my body. She felt thin under the hospital gown. The sun cross pendant gleamed at the base of her throat.
‘Yes,’ said Anna. ‘I’m a little tired. They’ve taken a lot of blood from me.’ She laid her head on my shoulder and closed her eyes. ‘I thought I’d never see you again,’ she murmured huskily. A tear slid down her cheek. ‘I never got to tell how much I—’ Her voice trailed into silence.
‘I know,’ I murmured. I was intensely aware of her heartbeat against my chest.
It felt like coming home.





Chapter Twenty-Seven


There was a sound from the doorway.
‘I hate to rain on your touching parade here folks, but I think we should get moving,’ said Anatole. He gave us a quick, awkward grin over his shoulder, the Steyr AUG rifle in his hands aimed at the main door.
Anna suddenly stiffened in my arms. Her eyes snapped open. ‘Grandfather!’ she cried out.
‘We haven’t found him yet,’ I said.
‘I know where he is,’ Anna murmured breathlessly. I turned and carried her briskly across the floor towards the exit. ‘Wait!’ she said when we entered the outer room. I froze in my tracks and stared at her. ‘Put me down,’ she commanded in a firm tone. I hesitated before slowly lowering her to the ground. Anna took a few steps towards the scientist cowering behind the desk. ‘Give me your gun,’ she said steadily, her eyes never leaving the man’s face while she extended a hand towards me.
I glanced at Reid. He shrugged with an ‘I’d-do-as-she-said-if-I-was-you’ expression. I slipped the Glock 17 from the holster on my hip and slowly placed it in her grasp.
The scientist’s eyes widened behind the visor. A mumble of incoherent words left his lips when Anna raised the gun and levelled it at his chest. A second later, her arm moved and she fired the Glock.
The bullet shattered the computer terminal next to the man. He cried out in shock and collapsed to the floor. Anna frowned, turned to the second scientist and hit him on the jaw with the butt of the gun.
Anatole’s mouth sagged open.
‘They’re lucky I didn’t shoot them,’ Anna muttered with a dark scowl as she stormed past us towards the exit. I looked at Reid. He was grinning. We headed back along the passage and paused at the intersection with the glass hall. ‘This way,’ said Anna briskly, indicating the corridor to the left.
Under her direction, we moved deeper inside the island. The labs had emptied in our absence, the scattered paperwork and overturned chairs testimony to the haste of the scientists’ departure. Moments later, we reached an exit. It opened onto an empty stairwell. ‘Up or down?’ I said to Anna as we paused on the stone landing.
‘Down. Definitely down,’ she replied with a frown. ‘They brought us here by boat.’
The stairs ended in front of a metal door three floors below. The corridor beyond was carved out of rock and lit eerily by flickering flame torches sitting in metal brackets on the walls. This far down, the alarms were barely audible.
Several minutes passed, during which we crossed a series of deserted passages.
‘You know, not that I’m complaining or anything, but we haven’t seen anyone for a while now,’ Reid said quietly. ‘I’m not sure whether to take that as a good sign or a bad one.’
Anatole and I glanced warily at one another. ‘It’s bad,’ said the immortal with a firm nod.
‘The Crovirs must be regrouping,’ I added steadily. Though I was elated to have found Anna, nervous anxiety built inside my chest once more. Our battle was far from over.
Anna frowned. ‘Yes, but where?’ she murmured.
We found out thirty seconds later, when the corridor we were in suddenly ended on a narrow metal gangway near the stone ceiling of an enormous atrium. We stopped in the shadows along the walls and stared over the edge of the opening.
There were four floors below us, arranged in identical, expanding, smooth circular terraces not dissimilar to those of an ancient Roman arena. Crovir Hunters occupied the balconies of the upper three levels, guns and swords in hand as they guarded the doors to the vast chamber.
‘I think the room where they took Grandfather is somewhere down there,’ Anna murmured at my side.
On the ground floor of the atrium, in the exact epicenter of a cream marble expanse, stood a round steel and glass cage on metal castors. A crowd of Crovir nobles dressed in formal evening wear milled around it, their voices raised in muted conversation. There was a feeling of palpable tension in the air.
A cold premonition rose in my mind as my gaze shifted once more to the cage in the middle of the room. It was large enough to hold a man.
‘No,’ Anna whispered shakily. I glanced at her and saw my own horror reflected in her eyes.
‘What?’ Anatole muttered with a puzzled frown. Reid remained silent, his expression grim.
A hush fell below us, drawing our stares. The voices of the Crovir nobles dwindled to a stop; as one, they turned towards a doorway on the left. The sound of footsteps emerged in the distance and grew closer. Several figures appeared over the threshold and slowly crossed the polished floor. I felt Anna stiffen beside me and gripped her hand tightly. My eyes never left the man in the middle of the small procession.
It was Tomas Godard.
Surrounded by a guard of Crovir Hunters, the former Bastian leader was led into the room in chains. Although he looked gaunt and pale, Godard walked with stiff pride, his head held high and his limp more evident without the ivory headed cane. He stopped when he spotted a familiar face in the crowd. ‘Grigoriye.’ The old man looked more sad than angry. ‘I never imagined that you of all people would betray us so,’ he said softly.
The Bastian noble held Godard’s gaze and shrugged nonchalantly. ‘I’m afraid we need to move with the times, Tomas,’ he said. ‘What Vellacrus is offering is the future. I would’ve been a fool to refuse her.’
‘Still, I fear you have made a grave mistake,’ said Godard. ‘Vellacrus is not to be trusted.’
Grigoriye frowned. A storm of murmurs broke across the chamber as more guards filed into the room and fanned around the walls: it rose to fever pitch when Agatha Vellacrus and Felix Thorne came through next. Although a good proportion of the Crovir nobles still bore anxious expressions, scattered applause erupted in the crowd. I felt my pulse start to race as a wave of fury rose inside me.
Vellacrus raised her hand. ‘My friends,’ she said once the clapping had died down. ‘I am pleased to see you in such good spirits.’ It was the second time I had heard my grandmother’s voice. It still sounded cold to my ears. ‘Today is a special day for us Crovirs, for it’s the start of a new adventure for our race,’ she continued, a zealous expression dawning on her pale face. ‘And what could be a more befitting beginning to this chapter in our immortal history than the death of one of our oldest and most hated enemies? I present to you the former leader of the Bastian Hunters, Tomas Godard.’
Applause rose again at her words. Some of the nobles glanced around the room, their expressions troubled.
‘For such an esteemed adversary, one must reserve a truly unique death,’ Vellacrus said loudly above the sound of clapping hands. A hush fell once more at her words. She smiled and waited until the silence was complete. ‘Today, my friends, we shall watch the first of many Bastians die from the Red Death.’
Among the roar of approving voices that followed, one spoke up. ‘Really Agatha, is now the time to be engaging in such dreadful theatrics? We hear that the Bastian army is on their way to this fortress. Shouldn’t we be making plans to evacuate instead?’ The speaker was an elderly woman. She stood her ground defiantly in the face of the critical stares around her.
‘Sylviana is right,’ said someone else. It was a middle-aged man who spoke next. Mutters rose through the crowd. Several nobles nodded in agreement.
‘My dear Sylviana, to not wish to see the death of a Bastian could be interpreted as an act of treason against the Crovirs,’ Vellacrus said coolly. She cocked an eyebrow. ‘Should I interpret it as such?’
The Crovir noblewoman frowned heavily. ‘I will not have you question my allegiance to my race so readily, Agatha,’ she said sharply.
Vellacrus stared at her with an unreadable expression. ‘Good,’ she finally murmured. ‘Then we shall proceed as planned. Felix.’ She turned to Thorne.
At the latter’s command, Tomas Godard’s chains were removed and he was escorted inside the glass cage. He did not put up a fight. The door closed on him with a final, sombre toll. One of the hovering Hunters handed Thorne a silver flask. He walked to the side of the cage, opened a compartment built in the steel construct and placed the container inside.
‘With this, I hope to finally see the end of the Godard line,’ said Thorne, staring at the old man inside the glass prison. A cold smile dawned on his face and twisted the scar on his cheek. ‘Of course, I still need to take care of your delightful granddaughter and that bastard half-breed grandson of yours. Rest assured, I shall take the greatest pleasure in personally killing them both.’
At this, Tomas Godard finally showed some emotion. He took a step towards the glass wall, a dark scowl clouding his face. ‘Don’t you dare lay a finger on them, you monster!’ he shouted. He turned to Vellacrus. ‘If you have any feeling at all left in that cold heart of yours Agatha, then let Anna and Lucas live!’
Vellacrus raised her eyebrows and studied the old man for silent seconds. ‘My dear Tomas, why ever should I do that?’ she finally murmured and nodded slightly at Thorne. He pressed a button on the side of the cage.
The silver flask moved up into an airlock. A needle came down and perforated the rubber top of the container. There was a faint electronic hum as the clear liquid inside was aspirated into a piece of glass tubing and started to move along a narrow pipe.
My heart pounded dully in my chest as my gaze followed the course of the conduit to a box in the roof of the cage. I slipped my bag off my back.
‘What’re you doing?’ said Reid. He was watching me with a suspicious frown.
I removed a climbing rope and harness from the pack and fastened them to my waist. ‘I’m going in.’
Anatole’s jaw sagged open. ‘Are you mad?!’ hissed the immortal. ‘Victor’ll have a heart attack if we let you—’
‘Victor will understand!’ I interrupted harshly. I tied the other end of the line to a carabiner and turned to Anna. I took a step towards her, cradled the back of her head with one hand and kissed her fiercely. ‘I have to do this,’ I whispered against her lips. I pulled back and stared into her eyes.
Anna nodded tremulously. She wiped a tear away with an angry frown and slipped the Glock into my hand. ‘Live,’ she said in a hard voice.
‘Look after her,’ I said, glancing at Reid. ‘And get off the island if you can.’
‘Will do,’ Reid muttered with a lopsided grin.
I walked to the middle of the gangway, locked the carabiner onto the handrail and climbed over. I paused on the edge, took a deep breath and gripped the guns tightly in my hands before jumping. As I plummeted head down towards the floor of the atrium, I dropped both arms and started to fire.
The bullets smashed into the glass ceiling of the cage just as the liquid reached the box in the roof. A fine mist rained down on Tomas Godard. I squeezed the triggers rapidly, shooting round after round into the cracking glass.
It shattered seconds before I reached it.
I pulled up sharply, hurtled through the jagged opening and landed heavily on my feet in the middle of the shard strewn floor. Beyond the glass walls, the shocked faces of the Crovir nobles transformed into expressions of panic. Terrified cries rose from the crowd.
The Hunters raised their guns and started to shoot at the cage. ‘Stop!’ Thorne shouted furiously. ‘The virus is still inside!’
‘Lucas?’ Godard whispered in disbelief behind me.
I fired a bullet through the lock on the door, grabbed my grandfather’s arm and pulled him out of the broken prison. Chaos reigned inside the arena while the nobles ran for the exits: it was obvious from the fear thrumming the air that not all of them had received the vaccine. I holstered the guns and drew the daisho from my waist as a group of Crovir Hunters surrounded us.
‘Stay behind me!’ I shouted harshly at my grandfather. He nodded reluctantly. My feet moved into the starting stance of kendo. I breathed deeply and raised the swords.
The blades flashed under the lights, blocking bullets and carving through flesh. Three Hunters fell, then five and ten. A bullet slipped past my defence and thudded into my vest. Another grazed my thigh. I took out four more Hunters. As the third wave raised their weapons, gunfire erupted on the upper floors of the atrium. I glanced up. The Bastians had arrived.
Seconds later, Victor entered the lower arena. He was closely followed by Bruno and Costas. They fought their way across the packed floor towards us.
‘Glad to see you’re still alive, old man,’ Victor said to Godard with a grim smile once they were within earshot. The latter nodded weakly. Victor frowned and looked around the chamber. ‘Where’s Vellacrus?’
‘She disappeared through that door with Thorne.’ I indicated an opening on the left.
Victor stared at me. ‘Anna?’
‘She’s safe,’ I murmured. ‘She’s with Reid and Anatole.’
‘Thank goodness for that,’ Godard whispered hoarsely.
I gazed past Victor and quickly scanned the faces of the Bastians. ‘What happened to Olsson?’
Victor’s frown deepened. ‘He escaped when we were making our way here.’
Costas appeared behind Victor. ‘Have you seen Grigoriye?’ the Bastian immortal asked with a scowl.
‘Yes,’ I replied with a curt nod. ‘He left with Vellacrus and Thorne.’
An inscrutable expression appeared on Victor’s face. ‘We have Anna and your grandfather. And we’ve destroyed the labs.’ He paused. ‘What we do next is up to you.’
Costas’s face grew red. Before the Bastian noble could explode in a fury of angry words, I spoke quietly. ‘Let’s finish this.’
‘I agree,’ said Tomas Godard darkly.
We left Bruno and the rest of the Bastians fighting in the atrium while we headed for the doorway through which my grandmother and uncle had disappeared. Beyond it was a wide stone corridor. More Crovir guards appeared in our path and perished quickly at our hands. Victor and Costas lifted swords from the dead men.
A pair of lifts appeared at the end of the passage. The numbers on the indicator panel above the lintel glowed as the cabin on the left ascended into the fortress. I glanced at Victor with a frown. ‘There’s a helipad on one of the towers.’
Victor’s gaze shifted to the elevator on the right. ‘They’ll be expecting us if they see this one light up.’
I pressed a button, entered the lift and looked up. There was an access panel in the ceiling of the cabin. ‘I have an idea,’ I said thoughtfully.
A couple of minutes later, the doors of the elevator pinged open on the highest floor of the castle. Bullets riddled the metal interior as the group of Crovir Hunters standing outside emptied their guns.
Hidden in the compartment above the cabin, I waited until the roar of gunfire died down, hooked my knees on the edge of the opening and dropped my upper body backward. I lowered the Glock and the Smith & Wesson and squeezed the triggers rapidly. My shots never missed a single target.
I stared through the clearing gun smoke at the bodies of the dead Hunters before lowering myself to the floor of the lift and helping the others down. We proceeded swiftly along a deserted corridor and came to a spiral staircase carved in the wall of the castle. Ominous silence drifted from the steps above. I poked my head past the opening of the stairwell.
A bullet whizzed past my ear and struck the floor by my feet. I pulled back sharply. ‘Looks like this is the only way up,’ I muttered while further shots pinged off the walls.
Costas scowled. ‘I’ll go first,’ he said and moved towards the stairs.
I put a hand on his arm. ‘No. I’m the better shot.’
The Bastian noble stared at me angrily for several seconds. ‘Well, I can’t exactly argue with that,’ he said in a disgruntled tone.
I clipped a fresh magazine into the chamber of the Smith & Wesson and unsheathed the katana. ‘Be careful,’ said my grandfather. I stared into his blue gaze, nodded briskly and stepped into the stairwell.
Shots bounced off the blade as I climbed the first steps, Victor and Costas close at my back. I raised the gun and fired at the Crovir Hunters on the landing fifteen feet above. Bullets rained down and thudded into the rock next to me. Stone chips erupted from the wall and cut the skin on my exposed face and hands. I blinked and kept going.
Seconds later, the last Crovir immortal fell under the katana. I paused near the top of the stairs and scanned the hallway ahead. It was empty. We headed silently along it in single file.
Faint voices reached my ears after twenty feet. I tensed, my grip tightening on the handle of the blade, and turned a corner. My eyes widened. I froze.
Ahead of me was a circular chamber dotted with lancet windows that looked out on what remained of the night. The sound of waves drifted from the ocean far below.
Agatha Vellacrus and Felix Thorne were halfway across the floor and heading swiftly for an open door at the opposite end of the tower. Beyond it was a helipad where a twin-engined Bell 222 stood waiting. Grigoriye was several steps behind them. My heart slammed erratically against my ribs as my gaze shifted once more to the other two people in the room.
Olsson stood a dozen feet to my left. He was holding a gun to Anna’s head.
‘I’m sorry,’ Anna whispered hoarsely.
‘Reid?’ I said, meeting her tortured gaze.
‘He’s dead!’ said Olsson with a sneer. ‘I shot him and that other mongrel immortal.’
I was moving before he finished the sentence.
‘Put your weapons down or I’ll shoot her!’ Olsson shouted, his eyes shifting wildly around the room while he walked backwards, dragging Anna with him.
‘Don’t!’ cried Anna. ‘You have to stop them! They still have the virus!’
Costas growled and charged across the floor towards Grigoriye. Victor raised his gun and fired at Vellacrus and Thorne.
The wakizashi left my fingers, spun through the air and thudded into Olsson’s right shoulder. He gasped and stumbled against the wall, his finger squeezing the trigger of the Colt in his hand. The bullet left the barrel in a flash of light, hurtled an inch from Anna’s right eye and struck the stone ceiling.
Without pausing for breath, I lifted the Smith & Wesson and shot Olsson point blank in the chest. Blood bloomed across his torso. His eyes fluttered closed and he slumped silently to the floor.
Anna ran past me and fell into Tomas Godard’s arms. ‘Grandfather!’ she gasped brokenly. They hugged each other fiercely.
The sound of clashing blades erupted from the other side of the chamber as Costas and Victor engaged Grigoriye and Thorne. There was no sign of Vellacrus.
Grigoriye fell beneath Costas’s blade. As I headed towards Victor, Thorne’s sword slipped past his defence and pierced his abdomen just below his ribcage. A stunned gasp left the Bastian’s lips: he blinked and went still. Thorne pulled the blade out and moved to strike again.
The katana blocked the edge of his sword an inch from Victor’s neck. ‘This is between you and me, Uncle,’ I said coldly, my gaze never leaving Thorne’s face. Costas moved to Victor’s side and slowly lowered the bleeding immortal to the floor.
A twisted smile crossed Felix Thorne’s face. ‘Indeed it is,’ he hissed. A heartbeat later, his blade glided down the edge of mine and arched towards my chest. I leapt back and gripped my sword in both hands.
Thorne fought viciously and skilfully, his blade missing my flesh by inches over and over again as we moved around the tower. The katana danced and skimmed through the air, blocking his moves repeatedly while I searched for a weakness in his attack.
Out of the corner of my eyes, I saw a figure appear in the doorway to the rooftop. It was Vellacrus. She had a gun in her hand and walked purposefully to where Anna and my grandfather kneeled on the floor and tended to Victor. I opened my mouth to shout a warning.
There was a flash of steel ahead of me; Thorne’s blade hummed millimetres past my face. I twisted and dropped to the ground. Thorne moved forward with a hungry expression and brought his sword down with a grunt. My eyes widened. I rolled out of the path of the swinging blade.
It struck the floor an inch from my head, raising sparks from the stone. Blood rushing loudly in my ears, I kicked him in the leg. Thorne stumbled against the wall. He straightened quickly, took a step forward and suddenly froze. The grey eyes widened in dull incomprehension.
‘No!’ Vellacrus screamed from the other side of the room.
Thorne looked down slowly. The katana was buried deep in his chest. Her face twisting in a mask of fury, Vellacrus raised her gun and shot Tomas Godard in the back. The latter gasped and dropped to the floor.
I looked around at a low chuckle. ‘Looks like you still lose, half-breed,’ Thorne gasped mockingly.
Rage darkened my vision. I yanked the katana out of his heart and watched him drop to his knees. He fell forward with a loud thud. Blood pooled in a growing crimson tide across the stone floor. I turned and strode towards my grandmother, my chest burning in anger.
Vellacrus shifted. The gun in her hand moved to the woman next to Tomas Godard. My eyes widened in terror. I started to run.
Anna rose in front of our grandfather’s still form and stared fearlessly into the barrel of the pistol. My heart leapt wildly in my throat. Arms and legs pumping through air that suddenly felt too thick to move through, I waited for the sound of the shot, knowing I would be too late to stop it.
It never came.
Agatha Vellacrus seemed to freeze. Her face contorted in a mask of horror while she stared at Anna. ‘That necklace! Where did you get it?’ she shouted shrilly, pointing the gun at the sun cross pendant.
It had fallen out of the top of Anna’s hospital gown and lay against her chest. She touched the thick gold with the tips of her fingers. ‘It belonged to my mother,’ she replied defiantly.
‘Impossible!’ Vellacrus barked. ‘I gave Cecil that pendant on his eighteenth birth—’ Shocked fury replaced the horror on her face as she lapsed into abrupt silence. Vellacrus paled and slowly turned to Tomas Godard. My grandfather’s eyes opened: there was a triumphant look in the blue depths. ‘You knew?’ whispered Vellacrus, disbelief dropping the pitch of her voice.
‘Yes,’ Tomas Godard replied with more than a trace of satisfaction.
‘Knew what? What is it?’ said Anna. She stared in confusion from her grandfather to Vellacrus.
Godard’s gaze shifted to Anna’s face. ‘I’m sorry, child,’ he murmured, his expression sorrowful. ‘Remember when I told you all those years ago that I didn’t know who your father was?’
Anna nodded tremulously.
‘I lied,’ said Godard. He gripped her hand tightly.
‘What?’ gasped Anna, her eyes widening in incomprehension. ‘Why?’
A sudden intuition blasted through my consciousness. I felt my heart thud against my ribs.
‘Because your father was Cecil Thorne, Agatha’s eldest son,’ said Godard in the next breath, confirming my suspicion. His expression was heartrendingly sad as he stared at Anna. ‘They met when Balthazar and Catarine got married.’ Coughs suddenly racked his thin frame. He drew a rasping breath; a sliver of blood trickled past his lips. ‘Cecil and Lily managed to keep their relationship a secret for almost two hundred years,’ he continued in a weak voice. ‘Shortly after your birth, Cecil passed away. Your mother followed him to the grave months later.’ Godard raised a bloodied hand and touched his granddaughter’s face with shaking fingers. ‘I’m sorry I never told you.’ Anguish distorted his voice. ‘After what happened with Lucas, I thought it best to keep your existence a secret.’
Realization dawned on Vellacrus’s face. She stared from Anna to me, the grey eyes wild. ‘Then that means—’
‘Yes!’ Godard interrupted grimly. ‘The precious blood you wanted, the one that would have made your plans come true? It was running through our grandson’s veins all along!’
At these words, Agatha Vellacrus finally snapped. A savage cry left her lips and she levelled the gun at Godard’s head.
Her finger never squeezed the trigger.
Vellacrus turned slowly and stared into my eyes for timeless seconds; it was the closest I had ever been to my grandmother. I stepped back and pulled the katana out of her chest. She fell to the ground, anger clouding her open eyes even in death.
My fingers loosened on the handle of the blade. It clattered to the stone floor next to my feet. I sagged to my knees by my grandfather’s side, my heart hammering painfully against my ribs. Blood still pooled from the wound in his back. ‘How—’ I said brokenly, looking at Anna in dull incomprehension.
Anna’s eyes glistened. ‘He has already died sixteen times,’ she whispered. She cradled the old man’s head in her lap, her tears landing on his face.
Our grandfather blinked. A faint smile dawned on his lips. ‘It’s my time to go,’ he said with a trace of relief. ‘I’ve been waiting for this moment for so long.’ The blue gaze shifted to me. ‘I’m so glad we had this time together. I want you to know that I always loved ... you.’ With these words, Tomas Godard finally died.
Anna buried her face in his chest, her muffled sobs filling the room. Numbness spread through me as I gazed at the man who had come to mean so much to me. Victor shifted on the floor and clasped Godard’s hand tightly, his face pale with grief.
‘We should—’ Costas started gruffly.
The sound of a gunshot suddenly blasted across the chamber. I turned wildly, the Smith & Wesson in one hand while my fingers closed over the handle of the katana.
Reid stood in the doorway to the castle. He slowly lowered the Glock and clutched at the wound beneath his left clavicle with a painful wince. My gaze shifted to the far side of the tower.
Olsson slumped against the wall again, his eyes wide in stunned surprise beneath the bullet wound in his forehead.
‘I told him I was gonna shoot him,’ Reid muttered.
Shocked relief washed over me, taking some of the numbness away. ‘You’re alive,’ I said simply.
‘Yeah, well, it’ll take more than a bunch of immortals to get rid of me,’ Reid said with a frown. ‘Besides, someone has to watch your back.’ His gaze shifted to the still figure between Anna and me. His eyes darkened.
Footsteps rose behind him. Anatole appeared; blood was oozing from a nasty wound in the immortal’s right flank. ‘What did we miss?’ he said with a grin. His expression sobered when he looked around the room. ‘Oh. A lot, by the looks of it.’
Moments later, Reznak and Friedrich entered the tower with a crowd of Crovir and Bastian Hunters. ‘The rest of your father’s army just arrived,’ Reznak told Victor briskly. ‘We’ve secured the island.’ He paused when he caught sight of Godard. A sad light dawned in his eyes.
Victor pushed away the helping hands around him and slowly climbed to his feet. ‘Make sure we destroy the virus,’ he murmured. ‘Vellacrus still had some with her.’
He came to my side as I rose silently from the floor, the body of my grandfather cradled in my arms. We walked out onto the rooftop, Anna following in our footsteps.
In the sky ahead, the sun rose on a new day and a flock of black crows descended from the heavens.





PART THREE: RESOLUTION





Epilogue


The sound of an engine rose faintly in the distance. I looked up from the paper in front of me and shaded my eyes with one hand. On my lap, Cornelius’s ears twitched slightly. The cat raised its head and followed my gaze.
Sun beams danced across emerald green waters, the light almost blinding in its radiance. A slight wind rippled over the ocean surface and raised an army of small, foam-tipped waves that crashed onto a white beach. The roar of the motor grew louder. A black speedboat appeared around the head of the cove and made for a jetty in the shallow lagoon several hundred feet to my left.
I rose from the wicker chair and walked to the edge of the veranda that fronted the two-hundred-year-old colonial house I now called my home. ‘Anna?’ I said over my shoulder.
Soft steps sounded behind me. ‘Yes?’ Anna came out through the patio doors and paused by my side. ‘Oh. Our visitors are here.’ She smiled. ‘I’ll make some drinks.’ She kissed me on the cheek, turned and disappeared inside the house.
‘Did I hear someone mention the word “drinks”?’ a voice gasped to my right. Reid appeared around the corner of the house. ‘Could I have a splash of whisky in mine?’ Sweat poured down his face and he breathed heavily from his run around the island. The golden retriever puppy panting at his side stopped in its tracks and turned towards the approaching boat. The animal’s back visibly stiffened. It let out a series of sharp barks, its tail wagging furiously while it leapt forward and back excitedly. ‘I don’t know whether that means “Stay off my island or I’ll bite you” or “Please come and play with me”,’ Reid muttered, shaking his head sadly. ‘And who the hell names a dog Peanut?’
‘I heard that!’ Anna shouted from the house.
The speedboat glided to a stop behind the hundred-foot luxury yacht already moored at the landing. A man jumped out and secured the vessel to the pier. A second man climbed onto the wooden jetty and looked around with evident interest. Seconds later, the pair made their way up towards the house.
‘This is a nice place you’ve got here,’ said Dimitri Reznak as he climbed the steps to the veranda.
‘Thanks.’ I shook his hand briskly and turned to the man behind him. ‘It’s good to see you again.’
Victor Dvorsky grasped my hand tightly and smiled. ‘Same here.’ His gaze shifted to my side. ‘Hello, Reid.’ Reid nodded to the two men. Anna came out of the house with a tray of drinks. Victor walked across, kissed her on the cheeks and took it off her. ‘My dear, you look as lovely as ever,’ he muttered.
A month had passed since the death of Tomas Godard.
Ironically, Olsson’s demise at Reid’s hands had also been his final one.
Following the release of the Red Death on the Crovirs’ island fortress, those who had been exposed to the virus were quarantined and successfully treated with an antiserum Anna made from a sample of my blood. A lot had changed in the immortal world since. Roman Dvorsky had gracefully retired as head of the Order of Bastian Hunters the day after the battle with the Crovirs; he passed the mantle on to his son without any objections from the Councils, although he continued in his role as a senior advisor. Dimitri Reznak had temporarily taken over as leader of the Order of Crovir Hunters until a suitable replacement could be appointed.
After the unprecedented menace posed by Vellacrus and her army of faithful followers, both immortal First Councils had committed to working closely together in an attempt to subvert any similar future threats. It said a lot for Victor’s and Dimitri’s influences that such an unparalleled agreement had been made in so short a time. There were many still amongst both factions who disapproved of this new alliance between the Bastians and the Crovirs, and there would undoubtedly be challenges ahead for the two leaders, but so far the fragile peace was holding.
As for Anna and I, we left Europe the day after we buried our grandfather’s ashes in Prague, his birth city. We spent two weeks in my apartment in Boston while we finalized the purchase of our new home, a private island in the Pacific Ocean. The location was known to only six people: the Dvorskies, Pierre and Solange Vauquois, Reid, and now Dimitri Reznak.
Two days ago, Victor called and said that Reznak wished to talk to Anna and me urgently. The Crovir leader had some important information to impart, which he wanted to do in person.
‘Are you visiting for a while?’ Victor said to Reid presently.
Reid shook his head and smiled wryly. ‘I leave tomorrow, I’m afraid. I’ve got business to take care of in Boston. We’ve just taken on some new employees.’
The Hasley and Soul Agency had grown a fair bit in the last month. There were now three more detectives working full-time with Reid, two of them old friends from the police force. A larger office had become vacant in our building and we had moved premises a week previously. We even had a new secretary: it was Mrs Trelawney’s daughter, Izzie.
Although I still co-owned the agency, I no longer worked in the field: I did most of my tasks, which were now mostly research-based, from the new state-of-the-art study in our home on the island.
‘I see your scar has almost faded,’ said Victor, indicating the faint mark near Reid’s left shoulder.
‘Yes, it has,’ Reid murmured.
Reid and I exchanged guarded glances. This was something else that had become evident since the final battle with Vellacrus’s army: from the time that he had been transfused with Anna’s blood in Prague, Reid’s wounds had all healed at an alarmingly accelerated rate. Although it was not as fast as an immortal’s regenerative abilities, it was still far greater than that of a human. Even more astounding was what was happening to the injuries he had incurred before the transfusion: his old scars were also slowly fading.
Anna assured us that such a thing has never happened on the rare occasions when a human received blood from an immortal.
We had yet to tell Victor and Dimitri of this intriguing phenomenon.
I turned a questioning gaze on Reznak. ‘Victor said you had something you wanted to tell us?’
The Crovir leader glanced at his Bastian counterpart. ‘Yes. Indeed, I did.’ Reznak paused. ‘I’m not quite sure where to start,’ he added hesitantly. He looked to the clear waters beyond the veranda and the puppy playing on the beach. Finally, he turned to me. ‘How much do you know of the history of the immortals?’
The question surprised me. I frowned faintly. ‘Not a lot,’ I said with a shrug. ‘As far as I recall, our races appeared in Europe sometime around the mid-tenth century BC.’ I paused, a wry smile crossing my lips. ‘They seem to have been at war pretty much since.’
Reznak leaned back in his chair and watched me with narrowed eyes. ‘What if I was to tell you that this was not always the case? And that we’ve been around since well before that time?’
Silence followed the Crovir noble’s words. ‘What do you mean?’ I said finally.
Reznak did not answer the question directly. ‘What do you know about the Book of Genesis?’
I glanced at Anna. She looked as puzzled as I felt. ‘It’s the first book of the Hebrew Bible and the Christian Old Testament,’ I replied slowly.
‘Good,’ said the Crovir with a brisk nod. ‘Now, do you have any knowledge of the specifics of the third and fourth chapters?’ he continued, his eyes gleaming with a mysterious light.
‘You mean the accounts of how Adam and Eve were banished from the Garden of Eden and the subsequent stories of their descendants?’ said Anna, her eyes narrowing.
Reznak smiled in approval. ‘Correct again.’ He paused. ‘Of course, there’s a lot more to it than that.’
Anna’s frown deepened. ‘There is?’
‘Yes. You’re aware that most of the original Dead Sea Scrolls are kept in the Shrine of the Book, in Jerusalem?’ said Reznak. Anna nodded, her green gaze shining with intellectual interest. ‘As far as mortals are concerned, they’re the oldest scriptures ever discovered that reflect the actual wordings of the original Old Testament and the Bible,’ said the Crovir noble.
A stunned hush fell across the veranda. The puppy yipped in the distance. ‘What d’you mean, as far as “mortals” are concerned?’ said Reid eventually.
Reznak smiled secretively. ‘It’s exactly as it sounds.’
‘Are you saying that immortals possess documents even more ancient than the Dead Sea Scrolls?’ said Anna, her eyebrows raised in disbelief.
Reznak did not reply immediately. Instead, he looked at me. ‘Do you recall where I was at the time Victor contacted me, after the compound in Virginia was attacked?’
‘Yes,’ I replied with a frown. ‘You were in Egypt.’
Reznak helped himself to another drink. He raised the glass and stared blindly at the liquid inside. ‘The origin of our two immortal races is a subject that has always fascinated me, even as a child,’ he said slowly. A wry grimace crossed his face. ‘Even though I’ve been the Head of our Immortal Culture and History Section for several centuries, I’ve spent quite a lot of my own fortune before and during those years trying to satisfy my personal obsession with discovering where we truly came from.’ He paused and sighed. ‘Ironically, the breakthrough I had been yearning for took place just after I found out about the whole affair with Vellacrus and her scheme of true immortality.’ Reznak glanced around the table. ‘My team of archaeologists found a cave in Egypt, in the mountains of the Eastern Desert. It was quite deep underground, which explains why the contents we discovered within had been so well preserved. What with recent events and the need to reorganize the Crovir Councils, you can appreciate that I’ve been otherwise occupied of late. It’s only been in the last couple of weeks that I finally returned to analysing the materials we found.’ He met our gazes steadily. ‘The discovery is broadly made of two parts. The first is a series of scriptures that narrate the origins of the immortal races. They have been dated to approximately three thousand years BC.’
My eyes widened at his words. I felt my pulse start to race.
Reznak glanced from Anna to me. ‘The second, and by far the most extraordinary finding, are the biological remains we found with the scriptures.’
‘That’s impossible,’ Anna stated flatly in the silence that followed.
Reznak shrugged. ‘The evidence doesn’t lie,’ he murmured. ‘Victor has seen the scrolls and can confirm my findings. We have, of course, moved the scriptures to a more secure location.’
The Bastian leader nodded his acquiescence at our questioning gazes. I frowned while I digested the Crovir’s words. ‘What are these—“remains” you’re alluding to?’ I said.
A dark look appeared in Reznak’s eyes. ‘Before I tell you about those, I must add that there were in fact two caves,’ he said gruffly. ‘The first one had unfortunately already been ransacked when we discovered it. The second cave was much deeper and located in a different rock formation.’
‘Have you found out who looted the first cave?’ said Anna with a frown.
Reznak shook his head. ‘No. But I’ve got my best agent on it.’ He gazed at us with a strange expression. ‘The remains were a pair of hearts, embalmed in individual clay pots. I believe they belonged to the original Crovir and Bastian, although this is obviously very difficult to ascertain without the rest of their bodies. Crovir and Bastian were not just the names of our races. They were actual men born in the thirty-eighth century BC.’ He paused at our stares. ‘I know. I found it hard to believe myself at first. The genetic analysis we’ve carried out on the hearts shows that they were most likely brothers, a fact which is also supported by the translations of the scriptures. The texts tell most of their story and that of their father before them, a man named Romerus.’ He took a deep breath. ‘Now, this is where we all have to take a leap of faith.’
‘Really? I thought we did that a while ago,’ said Reid dully.
A wry smile crossed Reznak’s face. ‘This one requires a lot more of it, I’m afraid.’ His expression grew serious. ‘According to the scriptures, Romerus was possibly a descendant of Adam and Eve. We cannot fully confirm this as part of the texts are missing.’ He frowned faintly. ‘I suspect they were stolen from the first cave.’
The crash of the surf breaking along the shoreline and the puppy’s playful barks were the only sounds that interrupted the silence that ensued. An eerie sense of premonition crept into the back of my mind.
‘Adam’s descendants are said to have lived many hundreds of years,’ said Anna finally. ‘Is that where the concept of immortality arose?’
‘Possibly,’ said Reznak. ‘But I believe that Crovir and Bastian were truly special beings, born with abilities that even their forefathers had not possessed. The clues, although we have yet to fully analyze the information, are in their genes.’ At this point, Reznak shared a meaningful glance with Victor before turning to Anna and me. ‘This is where the two of you come in.’
The peculiar feeling of presentiment grew stronger at his words. I glanced into Anna’s widening eyes and murmured, ‘What do you mean?’
‘I managed to obtain a very small sample of your blood before all the research material at the Crovir labs was destroyed,’ Reznak told Anna. His gaze shifted to me. ‘I asked Victor to do the same with yours. Don’t worry,’ he added hastily at our expressions, ‘there isn’t enough for anyone to attempt anything like what Vellacrus had planned. All I wanted was to study your genetic material.’
‘Why?’ I said stiffly, although I already had a suspicion what his answer was going to be.
‘To compare them with the samples we found in the cave,’ said Reznak. He leaned back in the wicker chair. ‘Victor and I have both personally researched the extensive genealogy of the noble families of our two immortal societies. As far as we can establish, the Godards and the Thornes were true purebloods in every sense of the word: Bastians and Crovirs descended from pureblood Bastians and Crovirs all the way back as far as our scrolls go. As you’re probably aware, Bastians and Crovirs have successfully mated in the past, but—’
‘Never a pureblood with a pureblood,’ Anna interrupted breathlessly, her eyes glazing over with shock.
Reznak nodded. ‘And not just any purebloods. Your parents were direct descendants of the original Crovir and Bastian. The molecular studies we carried out on your samples and the tissues we found in the cave confirm that you both possess the same distinctive genetic variations as the two original immortals.’ He paused. ‘We also found the alpha and omega designs that make up your birthmark in the scriptures from the cave in Egypt.’
His words confirmed my gut feeling. I suddenly felt light-headed.
‘That’s—’ said Anna after a while.
‘The kind of news that requires several stiff drinks?’ Reid interrupted with a wide-eyed grimace.
Reznak stared at Anna and me with an inscrutable expression. ‘The two of you are unique,’ he said quietly. ‘As far as I’m aware, there are no other direct pureblood descendants of Crovir and Bastian alive today. Agatha Vellacrus, Felix Thorne and Tomas Godard were the last ones left.’ He hesitated. ‘I suspect that Anna would also survive her seventeenth death.’ His gaze shifted to me. ‘I also believe she shares your other ability.’
Anna and I stared at each other for timeless seconds. Her hand moved under the table. My eyes followed her fingers to the folds of her dress while my heart thudded dully inside my chest.
The other incredible secret we had kept from Victor Dvorsky and Dimitri Reznak was the fact that Anna was pregnant. It had only been a couple of days since we found out ourselves. Reid was the only other person who knew.
Both Anna and I had found it a miracle in itself that she had fallen pregnant so easily, and after our very first night together. As the implications of the Crovir leader’s revelations sunk in, I could see my own unease reflected in Anna’s green gaze: if we were this gifted because of our possible blood links with the fathers of our races, then what would our unborn child be capable of?
‘What do you—’ I started to say with a frown.
‘Want from the two of you?’ Reznak interrupted with a smile. He shook his head. ‘Nothing, really. I thought you deserved to know about our discovery as it concerned you directly. Victor agreed with me on this matter.’
The Bastian leader gazed at us steadily. ‘No one but the two of us knows the details of what Reznak has told you today. The scientists working on the project had access to only part of the materials at any one point in time.’ He glanced at Reznak before continuing. ‘However, we did wonder what impact it would have on the immortal societies if we let the truth be known.’
‘About us?’ said Anna stiffly. Her fingers clenched convulsively on her lap. I grasped her hand and squeezed it gently.
Victor shook his head. ‘About the origins of our species.’ He hesitated. ‘And possibly about you.’ He shared another glance with Reznak. ‘Both of us think the Bastian and Crovir First Councils would benefit from having the two of you as members.’
I stared at Victor for a long time before rising from the table and stepping to the edge of the veranda. As I gazed out over the rippling water, a strange and unexpected feeling of calmness suddenly washed over me. It was as if I could see everything clearly for the first time in my long and unnatural life. ‘And if we were to say no?’ I said quietly.
‘Then both Victor and I would respect your wishes unconditionally,’ said Reznak firmly. ‘Think it over,’ he added. ‘We’re not expecting you to give us an answer straight away.’
I turned and looked at him wryly. ‘I don’t think we’re likely to change our minds anytime soon.’ I glanced at Anna. She looked relieved at my words.
‘If that proves to be your final decision, then so be it,’ said the Crovir leader with a shrug.
The puppy bounded over from the beach. It dropped a mouthful of wet seaweed at Reid’s feet, sat down on its haunches, cocked its head and panted at the former US marine with an expectant expression on its canine face.
‘If you think we’re playing catch with this, you’ve got another thing coming,’ said Reid. The puppy yipped. Reid sighed and looked at Anna. ‘I told you Peanut was a bad choice of name for a dog. It’s made him stupid.’ Cornelius leapt down from the table and meowed. ‘See, even the cat’s laughing at him.’
‘No, he isn’t,’ Anna said with a frown. She rose from the chair and petted the puppy on the head. Its tongue rolled out further and it whimpered in delight. ‘Let me guess,’ she continued drily, ‘you would’ve preferred something like Butch or Bud.’ She lifted the tray of empty glasses from the table. Cornelius curled around her ankles as she headed towards the patio doors.
‘What’s wrong with Bud and Butch? Or Bob, even?’ said Reid. ‘What?’ he said defensively in the face of our stares. ‘Bob’s a great name for a dog.’
‘I don’t think so,’ said Anna empathically. ‘When you have a dog, you can call it Bob.’
‘What about Sparkey? Sparkey’s a good name,’ Reid said doggedly.
‘Tell you what, we’ll rethink Peanut,’ Anna said, rolling her eyes at me. I smiled.
‘Oh. Good,’ said Reid. He frowned. ‘What’re you gonna call him in the meantime?’
‘Dog,’ Anna stated firmly over her shoulder. Victor chuckled. Reznak laughed.
Reid’s eyes widened in horror. ‘Do—Dog?! You might as well just shoot the poor bastard!’ he barked, storming after her. As the sun started to set over the ocean, we followed them inside the house, the D-O-G included.


THE END





About the Author


AD Starrling was born on the small island nation of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean and came to the UK at the age of twenty to study medicine. After five years of hard graft earning her MD and another five years working all of God’s hours as a Paediatrician, she decided it was time for a change and returned to her first love, writing. Soul Meaning is her debut novel and the first in a supernatural thriller series entitled Seventeen. She currently lives in Warwickshire in the West Midlands, where she is busy writing the second novel in the series while drinking gallons of tea. She still practises medicine. AD Starrling is her pen name.
