


The Absinthe Cloud

by

Timothy Everhart


Smashwords Edition


Galande Publishing, LLC

Copyright 2012 Timothy Everhart



TABLE OF CONTENTS


COPYRIGHT
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER NINETEEN
CHAPTER TWENTY
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
CHAPTER TWENTY- EIGHT
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
CHAPTER THIRTY
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
SAMPLE CHAPTER:  THE VODKA WINTER


Copyright 2012 Timothy Everhart.  All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form.   No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical, now known or hereinafter invented without the express written permission of the author.

This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition License Notes:  This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be re-sold or given away.  If you would like to share this book with another reader, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use, please purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.  

Cover designed by Jennifer Tiblier Knox, Jennart Ad Design
Cover photo copyright 2011 Amy Everhart



CHAPTER ONE

Paris - May, 1900


Pascale Brochard entered the Café Floret at precisely eight o’clock.  Beneath his right arm, he carried a book sack containing a hand-made explosive device.
The device was little more than a wax and paper-wrapped bundle packed with a compound consisting primarily of nitroglycerin and ammonium nitrate.  The compound had been mixed in the backroom of one of his anarchist brothers’ employer’s shop, and it had been presented to Pascale with explicit instructions on how it was to be placed in this fashionable café on the Place Vendome in Paris’s First Arrondissement.  
Pascale had nothing more to do than place the bag in the appropriate location and remove himself from the premises before it exploded.  The compound was bundled around a single charge, which was itself wired to a pocket watch ticking the seconds down until the alarm would trigger the detonation.  Provided that Pascale followed his instructions to the second, he would be safely outside the café and walking down the Rue de Rivoli before the blast.
Despite this knowledge, Pascale found himself nearly overwhelmed by panic as he entered the café.  Suppressing the urge to drop the sack and run, he forced himself to sit at a table in the back corner of the café.  
Pascale was born in 1878, and he would turn two and twenty in this, the first year of the new century.  He had never participated in a bombing of a public place.  The others, particularly Thamssin and Maly, referred to these bombings as “propaganda of the deed,” a term meant to separate the movement’s noble ends from its ugly means.
The barman approached Pascale’s table and asked for his order.  Pascale requested coffee and tried not to draw any attention to the package between his feet.  
His father had been a printer, and Pascale’s interest in philosophy and political discourse had been born out of his work as a boy in his father’s shop in the Latin Quarter, where pamphlets and manifestos were printed for distribution among the faculty and students at the University of Paris.  When his father died while Pascale was still a youth, the family learned that he had left behind a legacy of debts.  All that remained after the man’s accounts were settled went to paying Pascale’s and his brother François’s tuition at the Sorbonne.
There, he’d followed in François’s footsteps and gravitated toward the groups of militant young men railing against the corruption and hypocrisy of the bourgeois establishment, and before long, he’d been recruited into an anarchist organization made up of like-minded young men living on the Left Bank.  His brother never got the chance to join, as he had graduated before that time.  Finding his prospects limited, François fell in with a group of young, working class men who had attempted to solicit investments from the rich, invest the capital in the markets, and make a short term gain that would establish them in business.  After the scheme backfired, François and his compatriots were imprisoned for fraud, and Pascale was left with yet another avenue to prosperity closed to him.     
The barman placed a cup of coffee on Pascale’s table and walked off.  He did not so much as look at it.  In recent years, anarchism had been driven underground in France after a series of draconian laws were passed in the wake of an anarchist’s tossing a bomb into the Chamber of Deputies.  By the time Pascale was old enough to be recruited into the movement, those still championing the cause had become convinced that the only way to effect change was to rattle the foundations of French society from under the cover of shadow.  
Sitting in the Café Floret, Pascale noted that the idea of undermining the people’s confidence in their government and the killing of his fellow citizens were two entirely different things.  He looked around the café, where only three other patrons were seated with him.  All of the patrons were men, and they wore the fine clothes and haughty bearings that marked them as bourgeois.  In addition to them, of course, the barman and whoever else was working in the café’s kitchen would most likely die in the imminent explosion.  Pascale looked at the faces of these individuals, who were each unknowingly taking their final meals, and he felt a deep sense of regret at their sacrifice.  
He glanced at his personal pocket-watch to verify the time.  Even if he felt compelled to flee the café with the bomb in hand, there was not sufficient time remaining before the scheduled detonation to escape the busy city streets and ensure no one would be caught within the blast radius when the timer ticked to zero.  
His most immediate fear was for himself, and he believed this feeling to be a natural response to the responsibility he’d assumed.  Because of his immediate concerns for removing himself from the café in time, he was not plagued with guilt over the fates of the other patrons around him.
He placed the watch into his waistcoat pocket and resolved to wait a minute longer, as he’d been instructed, before getting up to leave.  
The café’s front door opened, letting in a flash of bright, spring morning sunlight, and he looked up to see who had chosen the worst possible moment to stop in for coffee.  



As he stood outside the Cafe Floret that morning, Patrick had no way of knowing that it was about to explode.  He had been standing on the sidewalk outside the café for more than ten minutes, staring up at the column in the center of the square where a statue of Napoleon looked down on the fine shops arranged about it.  He was waiting for his father’s attorney, who was characteristically late.
Looking up from his watch, his breath caught in his chest when he saw Veronique Deschamps approaching him from across the square.  She was hatless on this bright morning, her raven curls piled on top of her head. 
“Mademoiselle,” he said, doffing his hat. “Good morning.”
“Good morning . . .”  Patrick was pained to see her struggling to recognize him.  After a moment’s hesitation, however, she was able to pull his name from a store of half-recollected introductions at galas and society banquets.  
“Monsieur Dupuy,” she concluded.  “My condolences for your loss.”
“Thank you,” he said, opening the door to the cafe for her.  While he had become accustomed to receiving such platitudes in recent days, he felt self-conscious accepting condolences from Veronique.  While he had lost a father at the age of five and twenty, she had suffered a parental loss he could not imagine at an age too young to begin to come to terms with it. 
“Thank you,” she smiled, stepping through the doorway. He stood in the space through which she had passed, the faint scent of her perfume detectable for only a moment, and watched her glide into the cafe.  
His meeting with his father’s attorney was an important one, but Patrick could not ignore the opportunity to steal even a few minutes alone with Veronique Deschamps.  He took a step onto the café’s threshold, and glanced over his shoulder to see if there was any sign of M. Saint-Macary, the lawyer he was supposed to be meeting.



Pascale’s heart sank as he watched a beautiful, dark-haired woman enter the café, squinting her brown eyes as they adjusted to the transition from the bright sunlight outside.  She was clearly a member of the upper class, with her delicate satin dress and sparkling jewels, but she was lovely, and Pascale did not want to see her die.
He was mindful, however, of the ticking clock in the bag at his feet.  Time scarcely remained to permit him to safely remove himself from the café before the explosion, and there was nothing he could do but leave the woman to die.  
Rising to his feet, he turned, as instructed, toward the doorway at the rear of the café.  He knew from his briefings prior to this morning’s operation that in addition to a water closet, a door opening onto an alley behind the café was also located through that doorway.  
Holding his breath as he approached the doorway, he steeled himself against the possibility that someone would notice the package he had left beneath the table.  As he reached the door, he began to feel he would escape the café cleanly, but he knew he had failed when a figure stepped out of the shadows in the passageway and placed a firm hand on his chest.  
Panicking, Pascale lost his self-control instantly, and lunged toward the figure, trying to bowl the man over and escape the café.  As soon as he’d made his move, however, another figure emerged from the same shadows and threw him to the floor.  
“You don’t understand,” Pascale gasped, struggling to speak with the weight of the second man’s knee on the center of his back.  “I have to get out of here!”
The first man stepped over him, ignoring his plea and immediately began shouting at the patrons, urging them to leave the café through the rear entrance.  From his position, pinned like an entomologist’s specimen to the sticky café floor, Pascal could not see the patrons, but he could hear the clamor of their anxious questions and the squeal of their chair legs being pushed out behind them as they jumped to their feet.  Faster than Pascale would have imagined possible, the patrons stepped over him and proceeded toward the café’s back door.  
“I should leave you here,” the first man said, leaning over to speak into his ear.  Pascale turned his head to face the speaker.  He appeared to be forty years of age.  His hair was slicked to his head beneath his hat, and the face behind his bushy black mustache was grim.
“Please -” Pascale began, but the mustachioed man cut him off with a wave.  
“Get him out of here,” he said to his compatriot, who shifted his weight and hauled Pascale to his feet with what seemed to be minimal effort.  As the two men led him to the back door of the café, Pascale saw the skirts of the beautiful young woman slipping through the open doorway, and then he let his head fall.       



The blast sent both Patrick and M. Saint-Macary reeling several paces into the street.  The reaction on the sidewalk and across the street was hysterical.  Passersby fled in every direction, shopkeepers emerged cautiously from nearby doorways, and anxious faces appeared in the previously empty upper-story windows of every building on the block.  As the sound of the explosion dissipated, Patrick became aware of the buzzing of excited voices, barely audible over the ringing in his ears.  One unseen woman's voice was shouting about anarchists, while a man standing in the center of the street was shouting for the fire regiment. 
Turning back toward the cafe, Patrick saw no flames, only thick, black waves of smoke that poured through the space where the front door had been blown off its hinges.  Tossing his hat to the street, Patrick drew his handkerchief from the inside pocket of his lounge coat and held the white piece of silk to his nose and mouth.  Preparing to rush inside the cafe, he looked to his left to see if the lawyer was preparing to follow, but one glance at the man’s pale, stricken face was enough to tell Patrick he would be of no help.  
Turning to look about the street, Patrick caught sight of a pair of men rushing eastward along the sidewalk on the opposite side of the square. The men's quick, decisive movements distinguished them from everyone else on the street and focused his attention on them through the surrounding chaos.  As he watched, the men ducked into an alley where a carriage – a four-wheeler - was standing at rest, its door ajar.  Without a moment's hesitation, the men climbed inside the carriage, and as it lurched forward, a third man ran toward it from the opposite direction and lifted himself onto its sideboard.
Patrick's view of the man's face was unobstructed, and he was taken aback to recognize him as Robert LePage. Outraged, Patrick considered chasing after them, but the four-wheeler was already passing out of sight, and he couldn't follow. 
Veronique was inside the cafe. 



Later that evening, Patrick mounted the creaky back stairs that led to an attic room over an unremarkable cabaret in Pigalle.  Having bathed and changed his clothes at his flat not far up the hill in Montmartre, he no longer bore the signs of having rushed into the burning café, but he knew his manner was uncharacteristically dark as he sought to expose the traitor responsible for the bombing.
At the top of the stairs, Patrick found the heavy wooden door, which he had to throw his weight against to open.  Stepping through the doorway, he entered the dim attic space, lit by an old-fashioned candle chandelier, and surveyed the faces of the eleven men he found there.  
They were all well dressed gentlemen, and they were arranged around a massive, wooden table on which were carved a myriad of runes and astrological signs.  While he recognized several of the men, he was only meant to recognize two of them.  The first of these men was seated at the head of the table.  His name was M. Filippi, and he was a senior member of his father’s party in the Chamber of Deputies.  The other, seated at the end of the table nearest the doorway, was Robert LePage.      
“Monsieur Dupuy,” Filippi began.  “By your presence here tonight, you are committing yourself to joining our Order.” 
Patrick ignored him.  His eyes were locked on LePage's.  Moving slowly in an effort not to provoke the man, Patrick took the seat across from LePage’s, which was the only empty seat at the table.
“I'm afraid that won’t be possible, Monsieur,” Patrick said, not looking away from LePage.  “I couldn’t possibly join an organization that counts anarchists like this son of a bitch among its members.”
Patrick had anticipated that his accusation would elicit an outburst from the room, but the men around the table made no sound as he drew a forty year old revolver from inside his jacket and pointed its barrel at LePage’s chest.     
For his part, LePage stared back at him, showing no outward signs of surprise.



CHAPTER TWO

Paris - April, 1900


Patrick first met Robert LePage and Jean-Claude Filippi at his father's funeral.  Incongruously, it was a beautiful day in late April.  The annuals were in bloom throughout Pere Lachaise, and as Patrick and his fellow black-clad mourners stood solemnly at the foot of the elder Dupuy's grave, the blossoms overhead, delicate and indifferent, swayed softly with the gentle, morning breeze. 
In keeping with the false humility Patrick's father had exhibited in life, his final resting place was a modest grave marked with a simple headstone in the shape of a large cross.  Contrasted with the two elaborate, aboveground vaults on either side of its plot, the grave had, in Patrick's mind, the appearance of being a temporary placeholder, a quality that did not subside even after the earth had been filled in atop the casket. 
Patrick was not acquainted with most of his father's business associates or colleagues in the Chamber of Deputies.  He recognized the most prominent members of the latter group from newspaper photographs, but he had no recollection of ever having met any of them.  Nevertheless, each member of the funeral party stopped to pay both Patrick’s mother and Patrick their respects before leaving the grave site and following the winding, stone path to the cemetery's entrance gate.  All who shook his hand expressed sympathy, but only Jean-Claude Filippi had the temerity to openly broach the topic of politics.
“I understand you're to be appointed to complete your father's term in the Chamber,” M. Filippi said when he and LePage approached Patrick after the funeral.  Filippi was a senior Deputy, aged at the least sixty and five, and a member, like Patrick's father, of the Chamber's Monarchist old guard.  The white hair clustered around the perimeter of his baldpate was shaggy and ruffled in the breeze like the feathers of some aged bird. 
“It's been proposed,” Patrick responded.  “But nothing has been finally decided.”
“You meant to say that you're not finally decided,” LePage said before shaking Patrick's hand.  “You'll accept the seat, if only out of respect to your father.  But once you do, you'll find that keeping it is another matter altogether.”  LePage was younger than Filippi, approximately five and thirty.  He was taller than both Filippi and Patrick, nearly two meters in height, and his black hair was cropped close, with only the subtle suggestion of a part showing on one side.  His features were hard-set, but his expression was a cipher.  His eyes, however, seem to hold Patrick in his grasp while they searched his expression and body language.  LePage’s eyes were like a rapt, front row theatergoer’s, seeking the hidden meaning of a text through an actor’s every movement.   
“We may be able to provide you with some assistance,” M. Filippi informed Patrick.  “We'll be in touch.”
He turned and started off without waiting for Patrick's reply.  Patrick could only look to LePage for clarification, but LePage did not appear to notice.
“My condolences,” LePage said, bowing his head in what appeared to be a sincere gesture, and then he turned to go.
The second time he saw LePage and Filippi, Patrick was in Pigalle and on his way to the Moulin Rouge.  He had been drinking absinthe with a handful of friends since the green hour, and he was somewhat worse for the wear as a result.  Before they had left the café on the Place des Abbesses where they’d been imbibing, Patrick had expressed his intention to return home for the evening, but his mates would not hear of it.  They had collectively diagnosed Patrick’s condition as the result of under-stimulation, and they had prescribed a healthy dose of can-can dancers to cure him.      
It had been six days since his father's funeral, and Patrick had received some dispiriting news.  His father's attorney, M. Saint-Macary had outlined the terms of his father's will, which dictated that while Patrick was to receive a generous monthly allowance, his father’s term of public service had resulted in a total inheritance far more modest than Patrick had anticipated.  After providing for his mother’s care and maintenance, there would be little left for Patrick beside the allowance he’d been receiving since his school days. 
Three and a half hours' worth of drinks had left his bladder filled to capacity, and walking up the Boulevard de Clichy, despite being able to see the familiar red windmill ahead of him, Patrick knew he would never reach it in time.  
“Get us a table in front,” Patrick said to Sebastian, wealthiest scion in their acquaintance and, thus, the de facto leader of their clique.  “I’ll catch up.”
The others laughed as Patrick ducked into an alley between two shops, the first selling  spirits, and the other selling paint and art supplies.  While the sound of his drunken friends faded down the street, he made his way deeper into the alley and stepped behind a pile of crates smelling of mold and wood rot.  His legs felt weak, and his back teeth were numb with the effort of holding his water as he unbuttoned his trousers.  He felt as if a seconds’ delay could result in his failing to expose himself before he began urinating.  He’d just gotten a hold on himself, however, when he felt a firm hand grasp his shoulder.
“Monsieur Dupuy,” came a vaguely familiar voice.  “I thought I recognized you.”
Patrick’s first thought was that he’d unwittingly chosen the side wall of an acquaintance’s shop upon which to relieve himself, but glancing over his shoulder he saw the smiling face of M. Filippi staring at him pleasantly, as if they’d met in a the ballroom at a gala and not while Patrick was in the midst of pissing in an alley. 
“Mind your shoes,” said another voice.  Patrick looked over his other shoulder and saw the unsmiling face of Filippi’s associate, M. LePage, watching him.  In turning, Patrick had inadvertently repositioned himself such that he heard the sound of the stream of his water against the wall change pitch.  Looking down, he saw that he had indeed spattered the toes of his shoes.  
“Shit,” he muttered. 
“We were hoping we'd cross your path, Monsieur,” Filippi said in his customarily amiable tone.  “We have a proposal we'd like to discuss with you.”
“Well, as you can see, I’m currently occupied -” Patrick began, but LePage cut him off.
“We can wait.”



Too drunk to imagine a way to extricate himself from the situation, Patrick allowed himself to be led a few blocks off the boulevard, up a narrow back alley toward an tiny, low-rent cabaret off the main drag.  
“If you want to see a show, I was on my way to a much better club,” Patrick told his companions, as they led him to the building’s rear entrance.  The back door appeared to have once been painted green, but the paint was peeled and scarred after years of neglect, and in the moonlight it simply looked like a long-embedded layer of dust.  Filippi found the door unlocked and opened it.
Patrick allowed the men to lead him up a creaky set of stairs to a second floor, where Filippi pushed open a much heavier interior door.  The door’s hinges squealed as they were put into motion after what sounded to have been an extended period of disuse, and Patrick found himself being led into total darkness.  Patrick felt a sudden rush of fear as he heard the heavy door’s hinges scream as the door shut behind him, and he had no choice but to stand in total darkness inside the windowless room and wait.  
A light appeared momentarily, however, accompanied by the sound of a match striking against a rough surface.  Patrick followed the match light, as it suddenly gave birth to a second, brighter light, and then a third.  With the additional lights, Patrick could see LePage lighting the candles in an old-fashioned chandelier hung between the exposed beams of a low ceiling.  As LePage continued lighting candles, Patrick was able to see Filippi standing patiently at his side.  The attic space slowly revealed itself in the growing light as well.  It was close and nearly empty, with a long wooden table and twelve worn, mismatched chairs providing the only furnishings.  The table looked as if could have been hundreds of years old.  It was massive and covered with carvings Patrick could not yet make out.  It looked far too big to have been carried up the stairs through which it came, and Patrick wouldn’t have been surprised if the table had been installed while the old building was being constructed.  
“I have not yet congratulated you on your appointment to the Chamber,” Filippi said in a cordial tone.  “As one of the party’s leaders, allow me to assist you in getting settled in your new position.”
“What is this, orientation?” Patrick asked.  The dim light and the alcohol were weighing down his mind.  He wanted nothing more than to be in his bed in his flat at the top of the Rue Lepic.    
“Not quite,” LePage said, replacing the last of the candles in the chandelier and turning to face them.  
“Perhaps we should sit,” Filippi said.  Patrick stared at him, his fatigue slowly adapting itself into resentment at being dragged off to this gloomy attic.  
LePage returned Patrick’s stare from the opposite side of the table, but neither he nor Filippi made a move to sit.  Sighing with irritation, Patrick placed a hand on the back of the nearest chair and moved to pull it out from the table.  
 “Not that one, Monsieur,” Filippi said.  “There.”  He pointed at the last seat on Patrick’s side of the table. Eying them closely, Patrick lifted his hand from the back of the first chair and shuffled to the seat to which he had been directed.  As he sat, he looked down at the carvings on the surface of the table.  In the spot immediately in front of his chair, he thought he could make out the astrological symbol corresponding to Pisces, the fish.  At university, Patrick had devoted much time to studying astronomy, gaining access to the observatory’s telescope and charting the stars.  If they had been sitting on the roof in the open air, he could have pointed out the constellation that corresponded to the symbol with ease.  He knew next to nothing of astrology, however, and read no significance into the symbol.  
“You’re probably wondering why we’ve brought you here,” Filippi began, seating himself on the edge of the table near Patrick.  “We think you are a promising young man, don’t we Professor LePage?”
Patrick was too busy trying to understand why Filippi had addressed LePage as “Professor” to notice that LePage did not respond to Filippi’s prompt. 
“What’s more,” Filippi continued.  “We believe that you are in a unique position to assist us in carrying out a most important responsibility.  Because of these beliefs, we have decided to share something with you that could subject us both to criminal prosecution under the lois scelerates.”
Patrick glanced at LePage, whose face was unreadable.  He was no legal expert, but even Patrick understood the lois scelerates to be laws prohibiting membership in secret societies.  They had been enacted several years previously to fight the growth of anarchist groups in France.  LePage stared back at Patrick, his gaze unreadable.  
“As a non-member, we can only divulge so much to you,” Filippi continued.  “Suffice it to say that there are forces far greater than most men understand at work in the world.  We are members of an Order that harnesses those forces to preserve peace and harmony in France.  Do you recognize the symbol carved in the table in front of you?”
Patrick was beginning to wonder precisely how drunk he truly was.  Glancing down at the symbol he said, “It’s an astrological sign.”
“That’s correct,” Filippi said in the encouraging tone a schoolmaster employs when instructing a particularly dull student.  “The sign of the fish.  The twelfth sign in the zodiac.  If you walk around the table, you will see a different sign at each position around the table.  Twelve signs for twelve members, each of whom is balanced in his position in relation to the others.”
Patrick nodded, unsure of what else to say or do.
“At present, the Order is out of balance,” Filippi added.
“How so?” Patrick asked.        
“Because we have a vacancy,” LePage replied.
Patrick glanced at the men’s faces, then down at the table.  He ran his finger along the deep, weathered carvings, which were numerous and in a variety of symbols that bore no relation to any astrological chart he had ever seen.
He was uncertain if Filippi and LePage were playing an elaborate prank on him, or if they were simply crazy.  So far, their pitch seemed like something the social societies at university would employ in recruiting a member. 
“These are not astrological symbols,” Patrick said quietly, tracing a figure made up of three interlocking rings. 
Filippi glanced at LePage.  “The forces I am referring to are far greater than simple astrological charts,” he assured Patrick.  “And the system of symbols utilized to invoke them is a complex and sophisticated one.”
Patrick’s paternal grandmother had been a spiritually eccentric woman.  She had fancied herself a sort of seer, had invoked incantations at sickbeds and attempted to read the stars and other symbols to divine the future.  To Patrick, who was still a child when she died, such practices had seemed to be nothing more than the result of rural superstitions.  However, he was aware of the occultist interests that persisted among a significant segment of society to this modern day.  
“Well, I’m not really a believer in such things,” Patrick said.  
“Don’t concern yourself with that aspect of it,” Filippi said.  “Just know that the Order is a balanced one, with its members divided equally between Republicans and Monarchists. It is composed of individuals from various political, industrial, and academic backgrounds, so that all corners of French society are represented.  We have recently suffered the loss of our longest-tenured member, an octogenarian Monarchist Senator, -”
Patrick looked up sharply.  A month prior to his father's death, Senator Jean-Phillipe Becker had passed away at the age of three and eighty years.  He had occupied a sufficiently influential place in the National Assembly that his death had been the subject of headlines for more than a week after his funeral. 
“- and we must now replace him with another member of the Assembly who must be a Monarchist and who, we can hope, is a much younger man.”
“You want me to join your secret Order,” Patrick said.  “Why?  I haven’t even been sworn in yet.”
“For selfish reasons,” Filippi said.  “You have not yet taken office, yes, but because of that you have no prior allegiances or interests.  Recruiting you now means that you’ll be allied with us before you begin your career in public service.”
“And if I say no,” Patrick said.  “What then?  You’ll put a hex on me?”  Patrick’s head was beginning to hurt.  He needed water.   
Filippi’s smile faltered for a moment, and Patrick could sense his frustration. 
LePage stepped toward the table.  “Forget about all of this,” LePage said, waving a dismissive hand over the carvings on the table’s surface.  “Just understand that the new century has arrived, and with it comes a set of dangers and threats that could threaten the very existence of France and its allies.  Proper society is too slow in coming to grips with the reality of change.  This Order has operated for generations to protect France from what it cannot imagine.  It works because its Members have the greater interests of France at heart, and it is maintained by keeping its members’ competing interests in check.”
“And to answer your question,” Filippi added.  “If you decline our invitation, you will suffer no ill effects.  If you attempt to expose the Order’s membership, however, we cannot vouch for your safety.”
Patrick looked up at Filippi to see if this last statement was made in jest, but Filippi’s face was grave with sincerity. 
“We recognize that you have lived a relatively comfortable and carefree life thus far, Monsieur,” Filippi continued.  “We can understand a young man’s interest in living the life of the rentier in the cafes and cabarets of Montmartre, and what we are asking of you is a sacrifice.  But it is one that will enable you to contribute to the safety and security of your fellow citizens of France.”
“You’re young enough to know nothing but peace in France, but believe us when we tell you that the anarchist bomb throwers that so recently had the entire city on edge are just the beginning.”  LePage’s tone was matter-of- fact, as if he were speaking a truth that was both mundane and self-evident.  “Greater threats loom on the horizon – those of war and more – and without the Order, you won’t have the luxury of idling your days away for very long.”
Patrick’s brain was too dull to make sense of these vague threats and assurances.  The wave of intoxication he had been riding had crested and was now crashing.  He needed sleep, and he would tell these men anything to persuade them to permit him to climb the hill to his flat.      
“Consider our invitation,” Filippi said.  “We will wait for your decision, but we will not do so forever.  If you opt to accept, place a notice in the classified section of the morning edition of Le Temps advertising that you found a pocket watch engraved with the likeness of a fish.”
“The fish,” Patrick repeated.  
“The fish,” Filippi said.  “The same evening you place the notice, the eleven members of the Order will assemble in this room at nine o’clock.  Do not under any circumstances join us here if it is not your intention to accept our invitation.”
“What if –“ Patrick began.
“That’s enough for tonight,” LePage said.  “You know how to reach us.”
With that he turned toward the door leading out onto the back steps.  
“We hope to see you here soon,” Filippi added.  He smiled encouragingly and followed LePage out of the room, leaving Patrick to negotiate the dark staircase on his own.



CHAPTER THREE

Paris - May, 1900


Although Patrick had proceeded directly home after his meeting with Filippi and LePage in Pigalle, hours passed before he found sleep. 
He kept rehashing their bizarre recruiting pitch in his mind.  As he sobered, his instincts told him that the occult nature of the Order was likely a smokescreen for something more ordinary, but no less imposing.  What troubled him more, however, was the word Filippi had used to describe him – rentier – which was something of an insult and something of a badge of honor, depending on who was using the term to describe whom.  It was true that he and his peers were young men of leisure, born to society families and heirs to inheritances of varying sizes.  Among Patrick’s friends and acquaintances, the idea of working for a salary or, even worse, a wage, was distasteful to them.  Even Patrick’s acceptance of the appointment to the Chamber of Deputies carried with it a whiff of a work-a-day existence, but the power and influence that came with position made up for the indignity of drawing a salary.  
In truth, however, Patrick had long since grown bored with his idle existence.  He had no great ambitions, harbored no noble goals, but he had caught himself at many a café table, staring up at the stars and wondering what other pursuits were available to him.



In the light of the following morning, the previous night’s meeting felt as if had been a dream brought on by drink.  Over the next few days, he thought little of the strange meeting, immersed as he was in preparations to assume his father’s place in the Chamber of Deputies.  
The Wednesday following his discussion with Filippi and LePage, Patrick had scheduled a meeting with M. Saint-Macary, his father's attorney, to determine what could be done to manage his father’s estate to increase both his mother’s and his own monthly payments.  His mind was very far from secret societies and astrological signals as he waited outside the Café Floret for M. Saint-Macary, but once he had emerged from the burning cafe, having failed to find Veronique Deschamps or anyone else in the thick, black smoke inside, he was immediately brought back to thoughts about the mysterious Order when he saw LePage fleeing the Place Vendome with his confederates.   
Patrick waited outside the burning café until the police and fire regiments arrived on the scene, and then he hailed a hansom to take him to his parents’ townhouse off the Rue D’Anjou in the nearby Eighth Arrondissement. 
Claude, his mother’s housekeeper of more than fifteen years, was so aghast at his appearance, from his singed clothing to his soot-marked face, that she nearly refused to admit him into the house.  Once inside, he was compelled to recount the events of the morning while repeatedly reassuring his mother that he was uninjured and did not require the attention of a doctor. 
“Anarchists,” his mother snorted when he described the presumed motive for the bombing.  “Those Jews are always making some kind of trouble.”
Patrick almost dropped the bottle of Beaujolais he was uncorking.  “They’re not Jewish, Mother,” he said with a tone of long-accustomed exasperation.  “They’re radical extremists.”
“Oh, don’t be naïve,” his mother said.  “All of those anarchist philosophers were Jewish.”
This statement was objectively false, but Patrick knew it would make no difference to her if he challenged it.  
“First they cost us the war with Germany, then they ruined the Union Generalle Bank and the Panama Canal,” his mother went on.  “This is just their latest scheme to weaken the country.”
Patrick was suddenly made acutely aware of why his visits to his parents’ home were so infrequent.  “I wish you wouldn’t speak like that, Mother,” he said.  “It’s no longer the seventies.”
“In my own home?” his mother exclaimed, her voice rising to the pitch of a boiling kettle. 
“Father never spoke like this,” he lectured her, but even as he said it, he knew it was untrue.  Although he had disliked the Jewish citizens of France nearly as much as he’d hated the Germans, his father had been a diplomat and a politician, and he never would have voiced such anti-Semitic opinions in public.  At home in his study, however, with a glass of cognac lubricating his discourse, he’d never felt compelled to censor himself.
No longer desiring to hear any more of his mother’s right wing nonsense, he drained his glass, excused himself, and made his way upstairs.  In his father’s bedroom, he found the bed made without a wrinkle in the duvet.  The furniture and floor were immaculate.  The room had gone unused since his father’s death, but Patrick was not the first person to enter the bedroom since then.  From the condition of the bedchamber, Patrick surmised that Claude had been diligently maintaining it in the same manner she always had.        
In a well-finished mahogany box his father had kept on top of the wardrobe, he found the revolver his father had purchased as a souvenir of his diplomatic trip to the United States in 1888.  The revolver, a forty-four caliber 1860 Samuel Colt army revolver that had seen use in the American Civil War, was the only pistol in the house.  Taking the heavy weapon from its felt-lined box, Patrick wondered absently how his father interpreted this symbol of the bloody conflict in America.  His father had fought the Germans in the War of 1870, a conflict in which France had been outmatched in technology and weaponry, and at the end of which her citizens had suffered a harsh defeat.  When he was a boy, his father had often told him stories about his hard campaign in northern France, but Patrick was more affected by his mother’s stories of the indignities suffered during the four month Siege of Paris, during which Germany’s blockade of the city compelled Parisians were to eat cats and dogs to survive.  In the minds of Patrick’s parents, all of France’s suffering in the conflict was caused by the Germans and Paris’s resident Marxists, and their difficulties were most certainly not a consequence of Napoleon III’s rush to war to shift the balance of power in Europe.  
Patrick left the house with is father’s revolver in his jacket, and he proceeded to the offices of Le Temps to place a classified notice.  Once placed, he found a cab to take him back to Montmartre.



“Please lower that weapon, Monsieur Dupuy,” Filippi said, irritation surfacing in his voice. “Before you hurt someone.”
Patrick continued to hold the pistol trained on LePage, who had not so much as flinched since Patrick had drawn the Colt from within his jacket.   
Patrick glanced around the table, surprised to see that the other ten men appeared undisturbed by his revelation about LePage’s subversive activities. 
“You don't understand,” Patrick protested. “I saw this man this morning leaving the scene of the bombing -”
“Of course you did,” Filippi said.  “Otherwise, you would have found the splattered remains of several people inside that café this morning.”
Patrick turned and stared at Filippi, trying to understand what he was being told.  
“LePage is no more an anarchist than you are,” a third man said.  He was younger than most of the other men at the table, and he was seated two seats away from Patrick.  Patrick recognized him as Levant, a senator.  “Now, please lower that weapon before you do something you’ll regret.”    
“You foiled the bombing?” Patrick asked LePage, setting the revolver down on the tabletop with a heavy thud.
LePage did not respond.
“We each, as a result of our respective backgrounds, bring something different to the Order,” Filippi began in his pompous manner.  “Professor LePage holds a unique position within the government that enables him to monitor threats like the café combing you witnessed –“
“Before we brief M. Dupuy on all of our personal backgrounds,” said one of the older men seated near Filippi.  “Perhaps it might be proper for him to complete his application and undertake the initiation rite.”
“Quite right, M. Becker,” Filippi replied.  From a satchel on the floor he withdrew a sheet of paper and a pen, which were passed by each member on Patrick’s side of the table until they were set beside the pistol in front of him.  
“What is this?” Patrick asked, glancing over the sheet.  It appeared to be a form requesting personal information about him.  The information sought was not limited to his name and date of birth, but also pertained to his bank accounts, holdings, and intimate relationships.  
“That,” Filippi said.  “Is a gesture of good faith.  By permitting you membership in this Order, we will be making you privy to a wealth of information that could incriminate any one of us.  The Order can only function if its members and inner workings are kept confidential.  Were you to breach that confidentiality, we will utilize the information on that application to undermine your credibility.”
Patrick glanced around at the other members seated at the table, but their faces betrayed no indication that Filippi was having a joke at his expense or that he intended to defraud Patrick.  
“All of us submitted similar forms,” Levant said in a tone Patrick understood to be intended to be reassuring.
Patrick looked down at the form.  He had come to Pigalle with the single-minded purpose of exposing LePage, whom he suspected of being complicit in the bombing.  He was intrigued by the Order and its apparent involvement in various aspects of French government, but he felt as if he did not have an understanding of what he was being asked to sign on for.  This mysterious Order, with its mystical trappings and unsettling degree of influence, could be a liability to him as he assumed his father’s post in the Chamber of Deputies.  On second thought, however, Patrick acknowledged that there were members of both the Chamber and the Senate seated around the table with him, and it was possible that membership in the Order would give him an advantage as he undertook his new responsibilities within the government.  
Still, Patrick hesitated.  He had heard stories of the bizarre practices of occult worshipers, and the Order had already shown itself to be preoccupied with astrology and occult symbolism.  To be admitted as a member, would he have to undergo an unsettling initiation ceremony?  He was intrigued by the Order, but he had little interest in making a blood sacrifice or swearing an oath to some otherworldly power.  
Glancing up at LePage, who was staring at him impassively, he resolved himself to make due with whatever the cost of membership might be.  He raised the pen and began filling out fields on the typewritten sheet of paper.  
“Gentlemen,” Filippi announced to the room.  “Please welcome the newest member of the Order of Twelve.  The signs are once again in balance.”
“Here, here,” one of the men cheered.  Patrick looked up from his writing to see each of the other men, save LePage, echo the cheer.  
Returning to his work, Patrick could not restrain himself from asking, “Will there be some sort of initiation rite?”
“That was your initiation,” LePage replied as the other men around the table slid their chairs back to rise.  LePage remained seated.
“Professor LePage will remain to give you whatever additional information you require,” Filippi said as he collected his satchel from the floor.  “I understand he also wishes to speak with you about this morning’s bombing.
Before Patrick could complete a listing of the living members of his family tree in the spaces provided on the form, the other members had withdrawn from the room, and he was left alone with LePage.



CHAPTER FOUR


In a small, but cozy study on the first floor of a well-kept townhouse on the Rue Bonaparte in St. Germaine, LePage sat hunched over his writing desk, his evening pipe clutched in his teeth.  A seventeenth century gilt oignon watch was laid face down on the desk’s green, felt blotter, the back of its case open and its innards exposed like a patient on an operating table.  With a jeweler’s turn screw, LePage was removing the assembly that held the antique watch’s gears in place.  
He was lost in thought, as was customary whenever he toyed with the watches or clocks his colleagues and acquaintances provided to him for repair.  He enjoyed the meticulous work, which provided him with an outlet for his energy and enabled him to reach a state of mental tranquility conducive for deep thoughts.  He had not undertaken the practice of his own accord, however; such tinkering was among the few hobbies encouraged by the veterans who had trained him upon his initiation into the Intelligence Directorate.  The ability to efficiently dismantle a clock was, after all, a valuable skill for a man in LePage’s position to develop.
LePage was so lost in his thoughts as he held the watch casing up to the glow of the nearby fire that he didn't hear Madeline's first knock at the door.  A second knock was required before he noticed her presence and called for her to enter, but upon opening the door, she merely hovered in the shadows of the open doorway, too far from the light of the fire and the gas lamp on his desk to be entirely visible.
“You are going out tonight?” she asked.
He nodded his only response.
“Then I will retire for the evening,” she responded. “I will see you in the morning.”
“Good night,” he said.
She looked back at him for a brief moment, her face unreadable, and then she withdrew, closing the door behind her. 
LePage stared after her.  He was quite fond of Madeline, and he was well aware of how difficult their arrangement had been for her over the course of their three years of marriage.  He pitied her sufficiently to wish that she would take a lover; that she never would only caused him to respect her all the more.  Service to one’s country required sacrifices, and this was hers.
With a puff on his pipe, LePage’s leaned over the watch once more and his thoughts returned to the subject that had occupied them throughout the evening.  The Order had long ago become dependent upon him to utilize the resources of the Directorate of Intelligence to vet potential members, and in the process of reviewing Dupuy’s background, he’d come to know more about the young man than he expected the young man knew about himself.  He did not share everything he knew with the Order, of course.  Their obnoxious questionnaire would have been without purpose if he had.  While LePage had his reservations about Dupuy’s merits as an asset, the Order was not the only party intrigued by his potential usefulness.  Rousseau had also asked LePage to size up the young man, which LePage intended to do this evening.  
Before he had re-installed the watch’s gear assembly, another knock sounded at the door, after which the LePages’ servant Sylvie appeared in the doorway to announce the young man’s arrival.
“Good evening,” Dupuy said, entering the study as Sylvie withdrew.  LePage rose and shook the young man's hand before turning back toward his desk.  In the top, left drawer, he retrieved the small, ten-shot, eight-millimeter pin-fire revolver he preferred while maintaining a low profile and slid it inside his left front coat pocket. He glanced over at Dupuy, who was staring at his coat, where the revolver was now stowed.  
“Are you still carrying that six shooter?” LePage asked. 
“I - No. I didn't realize there was a need -”
“There isn't,” LePage said.  He reached into the drawer and withdrew a pair of nickel-plated handcuffs wrapped in an old rag. 
“What do you have planned?” Dupuy asked, eying the restraints with the same trepidation he had shown in response to the sight of the pistol. 
“Trial by fire,” LePage replied.
“I thought you wanted to discuss a strategy for how I could be of assistance to the Order,” Dupuy said.  
“First I need you to assist me.  We'll discuss strategy later.” 



For the second time in as many days, Patrick was forced to consider the possibility that LePage was some kind of deranged madman while simultaneously fearing for his own life.  His hands cuffed and bound at his back by a length of coarse rope and with an old rag stuffed in his mouth, he was shoved violently into a creaky, old chair in what appeared to be a decrepit warehouse on the Seine’s left bank by the very man he’d been led to believe was to be his mentor.  
“There he is,” LePage’s voice said.  “You wanted to question him.”
Patrick could not see LePage from his seat.  A large gas lantern was hanging just above his eye level.  LePage and a pair of other men were visible on the opposite side of the lantern’s glare, but only as dark silhouettes. 
One of the silhouettes approached Patrick through the glare.  As he stepped into the lantern’s light, Patrick saw that his face was covered below the eyes with a scarf.  The man leaned in close and ripped the rag from Patrick’s mouth.  In doing so, he looked directly into Patrick’s face, and Patrick recognized from the other man’s eyes that he was younger than LePage, possibly younger than Patrick himself.  
“What were you doing outside that café?” the masked man demanded in a harsh voice.
On their way to the warehouse, LePage had given Patrick no indication of what he had been walking into, nor had he given him any instruction as to how to answer questions.  
Patrick considered a potential response, searching through the glare of the lantern’s light to catch a glimpse of LePage, but before he could settle on an answer to the masked man’s question, the pain of a quick punch to his side exploded between his ribs and his hip.  
“I was waiting for my lawyer,” Patrick gasped without thinking.  He was too concerned with the health of his left kidney to wonder if he was meant to answer the young man truthfully.  
“What lawyer?” the masked man demanded, his fist raised to threaten a second strike.  
“Saint-Macary,” Patrick responded immediately.  “We were meeting to discuss my inheritance.”
The masked man made a disgusted sound, but he did not ask another question.  
“Why did you rush into the café?” the other unidentified man asked from the shadows.  
“What?” Patrick asked, not understanding the purpose of this question.  
The masked man nearest Patrick swung his fist, but Patrick stopped the blow by exclaiming, “There was a woman inside!”
The masked man’s young eyes appraised Patrick.  Patrick saw that he had not expected this response, and that he was forced to weigh its plausibility.  Patrick rushed to amplify the response in an effort to avoid another strike.     
“Young, beautiful.  She entered the café before it exploded.  I went in to see if I could save her or anyone else inside.”
The second unidentified man made no reply.  The masked man stared down at him before withdrawing into the shadows.  
“It wasn’t him,” the masked man told his comrade.  “He’s just some bourgeois rentier looking to secure his father’s money.”
Patrick did not need to see the masked man to recognize that in this instance, the word rentier was used to convey its most contemptuous meaning.  
 “I told you as much that morning,” LePage said, speaking for the first time since Patrick’s interrogation had begun.  “Does this gentleman seem capable of foiling a bombing?”  Patrick interpreted the other men’s silence to indicate that they doubted he had such abilities.
“The police knew about the bombing,” LePage went on.  “They were in position in time to evacuate the café.”
“None of our people would have -” the masked man began.
“Who else, then?” LePage demanded, cutting him off.  “How many others knew about the bombing?”  
“He knew,” the second unidentified man said.  The man’s reference to the unnamed “he” was laden with significance.  Patrick had no idea as to whom they were referring, but he had no doubt that everyone else in the room understood who was being discussed.  “His people asked us about the target when they provided us with the materials.” 
“Then he and I need to have words,” LePage responded. 
“No one speaks to him,” the second man’s voice responded.  
“His people, then,” LePage said.  “There’s a problem with security somewhere within his operation.  That is, if we’re saying that it was not the fault of any of our people-”
“It wasn’t our people,” the masked man said.  
“Then there’s a problem in his operation,” LePage said.  “Someone has either been talking, or they have been sloppy, but either way, we’re going to be the ones who go to the guillotine.”
“We will make inquiries, but he will not permit us to bring you into his circle,” the second voice told LePage. 
“Then I'm out,” LePage replied.  “You came to me, remember? You assured me that your organization was qualified to execute this plan, and I risked my life and liberty to assist you.  Now that the organization is foundering, you can’t even arrange a conversation with your benefactor.”
“Let us not be hasty,” the masked man said.  “We will make inquiries and express your concerns.  We’ll suss out the problem before the next operation, and we’ll move forward together.  Agreed?”
“I’ll wait for news of what you’ve learned,” LePage replied coolly.
“What about the bourgeois pig?” the second man’s voice asked.  Patrick felt a chill run up his sweat-soaked back.
“He knows nothing,” LePage said.  “Save for the fact that if he says a word about what’s happened here tonight, we know where he lives, and we’ll slit his throat while he sleeps.”    
LePage stepped into the light and grabbed Patrick roughly by the arm. 
“How can we be sure -” the second man’s voice began. 
“I’ll turn him loose, and that will be the end of it,” LePage said, hoisting Patrick to his feet.  “Forget about him.  He’ll only bring you more attention.”
The other men did not respond.  LePage gave Patrick a rough shove, and began marching him toward the warehouse’s side entrance.  
“Once I’m rid of him, we can discuss how you propose to ‘suss out’ our problem,” LePage said, before leading Patrick outside.  
Outside, the night air was damp with moisture, and an electric energy seemed to buzz about them.  A storm was approaching.    
 “Relax,” LePage said as he hacked through the rope tied around Patrick's wrists. “The show's over.”
“The ‘show'?” Patrick exclaimed, before grabbing his side.  The act of speaking caused a fresh burst of hot pain to erupt in his side.  “You might have told me that I was going to be interrogated by anarchists.”
“I needed your reaction to be genuine,” LePage said in a casual tone as he unlocked Patrick’s handcuffs.  
“I could have been killed,” Patrick said.
“Only by your own fright,” LePage responded. “Those are boys playing at revolutionaries.  They wouldn't know what to do with you if I painted a bull’s eye on your chest and handed them a loaded rifle.” 
“How did you know I would tell them what they wanted to hear?” Patrick asked, noting a bitter metallic taste in his mouth and wondering what had been on the rag LePage had stuffed there.
“I assumed you’d be so terrified you’d tell them the truth,” LePage said.  He pointed over Patrick’s shoulder in the opposite direction from the river.  “The Rue de l’Universite is that way,” he advised.  “You should be able to find a cab there to take you home, even at this hour.”
Patrick glanced up at the sound of a distant thunderclap.  Storm clouds had moved in over the city, blocking out the moonlight.  He knew there was a network of streets in the direction LePage had indicated, but when he looked that way, all he saw was thick blackness.  
When he glanced back at LePage, he saw that the older man was at the door to the warehouse, looking back at Patrick with what seemed to be curiosity.   
“Why didn’t you tell them who the young woman was?” he asked.  
Patrick did not understand his question.  
“You told them you went into the café to save a young woman, but you knew who she was,” LePage continued.  “You grew up in the same social circles as the Deschamps’ daughter.”
Patrick was taken aback by the extent of LePage’s knowledge, but he did not have a firm answer to his question.  “I don’t know,” he told LePage.  “It just felt safer to keep her out of it.  Was that wrong?”
“No,” LePage said.  “It was perfect.”  With that he turned and withdrew into the warehouse.



CHAPTER FIVE


Patrick was not well acquainted with the Left Bank.  As he stumbled along the sidewalks and into the darkness, he became disoriented, and when, in a flash of lightning, he saw the clock atop the Orsay station, he knew he was heading in the wrong direction.  By the time the rain began to fall, he had reversed course, but given the inclement weather and late hour, he saw no cabs or other signs of life among the windowless warehouses set back from the river. 
Simply being lost among a row of industrial buildings in the rain was enough to motivate him to find the most efficient route homeward, but as Patrick attempted to navigate the darkened streets, he was forced to fight back a feeling of outright panic as he began to suspect he was being followed.
Between crashes of thunder, he tried to listen through the staccato tapping of the rain on the cobblestone street for the telltale click of another set of footsteps, but he couldn't determine whether he was hearing the falls of a second set of shoes, or the echo of his own as he walked.  When another flash of lightning lit up the street as bright as daylight, Patrick seized on the chance to glance searchingly around him.  He saw no one in that precious instant before the street went black again, but despite spying any visual evidence to confirm the sensation, he could not rid himself of the conviction that he was being tracked.  Rushing forward through the dark, narrow streets, he emerged into an open, three-way intersection, bordered by traditional four-story Parisian buildings.  He took the familiar appearance of this intersection as a signal that he was getting closer to the type of proper neighborhood where he might be able to find transportation home.
Lunging eagerly forward into the darkness, he felt his foot submerge beneath the surface of a four-inch puddle of cold, gathered water that had been impossible to see in the darkness.  Withdrawing his water-filled shoe, he shook it in a hopeless attempt to shed some of the liquid weight it had taken on.  Stepping gingerly, he walked further into the desolate intersection and tried to find his bearings.
Unable to see, let alone read, the street signs affixed to the corners of the buildings bordering the intersection, Patrick squinted upwards into the falling rain, trying to identify a recognizable formation of stars by which to orient himself.  In his astronomy courses at university, Patrick had inspected the night sky over Paris with and without the benefit of observatory telescopes.  He knew what the spring star field looked like, and he would have no trouble finding his way north if he could locate Ursa Minor in the sky.  As he stared up at the sky, however, he was unable to make out the light of a single star through the storm clouds that covered the city.  Frustrated, Patrick let the rain spatter his upturned face, staring with stubborn determination into the clouds in the hopes of catching a glimpse of some otherworldly guiding light.
As he looked upward, another burst of lightning lit the street for a fleeting second.  Patrick recognized from the layout of the street that the river was behind him, and that he was looking south, but before he could attempt to orient his route around this information, he heard a sloshing sound behind him that made his heart jump in his chest.
Someone had just stepped in the same puddle in which he had stumbled mere moments before.
Patrick started off at a semi-run at as fast a speed as he felt was safe given the conditions of the street, and headed in what he now identified as east along the largest of the three thoroughfares that made up the intersection.
After a moment, a light appeared in front of him. Through the rain, he peered at it and recognized it as a streetlamp.  Fixating on the lamp like a drowning man on a distant shore, he began running even faster, heedless of the dangers presented by the wet cobblestones beneath his feet as he rushed headlong into the rain.
Reaching another intersection, he recognized the street, well lit by gas lamps on both sidewalks, as the Rue de Bellechaise.  More welcome to him, however, was the sight of what he also considered to be his best chance for escape.  A two-wheel hansom cab was slowly rolling down the street in the general direction of Les Invalides. 
Breaking into a full sprint, Patrick intercepted the cab, but coachman cursed and informed him that he wasn't accepting any fares in this weather. 
Patrick’s heart sank, but as he glanced back into the darkness where he believed his pursuer to be gaining ground on him, he conceived of another use for the cab.  Stepping back, he allowed the hansom to pull ahead of him a few paces, and then he pulled open the door to the cab.  Jumping inside, he could hear a fresh round of curses from the coachman's seat as the cab slowed. 
Before it came to a stop, however, Patrick exited the cab through the opposite door and jumped down to the street, almost stumbling on the roadway’s slick and reflective surface.  The coachman roared, jerked the reigns, and set his horse trotting forward. 
Patrick walked in the opposite direction, north, back the way he’d come.  He was not eager to revisit the darker, industrial neighborhood near the river, but his immediate goal was to lose whoever was trailing him.  He heard no footfalls approaching from behind him, and as he ducked his head against the oncoming rain, he began to wonder who might be following him.  LePage had told the anarchists to forget about him, but Patrick had no way of knowing what kind of sway LePage had over them.  Perhaps they had broken from their meeting with LePage and trailed Patrick through the streets, meaning to silence him with regard to the meager amount of information he’d learned about them.  Patrick quickened his pace at the thought.   
“Pardon, Monsieur,” a cheerful voice called to him from the darkness.  
Patrick let out a startled gasp.  He looked up to see a burly-looking man in a soaked topcoat standing below an awning outside a tabac, shuddered and dark at this hour of the early morning.     
“You wouldn't happen to have a match, would you?” the man asked. 
Patrick stared at the man, paralyzed for a moment by the absurdity of the request.  “I’m sorry, Monsieur,” Patrick began.  “But I’m afraid mine are likely soaked through.”  There was something about the man’s overly casual manner, incongruous with his appearance standing on the side of a deserted street in the rain in the middle of the night, that triggered a suspicion in Patrick.  He immediately began moving away from the man, toward the edge of the sidewalk, in an attempt to pass him by and find his way back to a busier part of the neighborhood.   
“Your shoes as well, if they’re anything like mine,” the burly man said in his discordantly amiable tone.  “Allow me to give you a ride.”
Patrick began to object, but stopped himself when the burly man raised a hand to signal to someone across the street.  The sound of horse’s hooves echoed about the quiet street as Patrick turned to see the outline of a horse-drawn four-wheeler emerging from an alley between the buildings lining the far side of the street.  In an instant, the carriage had pulled to a stop beside Patrick and the burly man, who had emerged from beneath the awning and was now standing beside him on the sidewalk’s edge.  
“I can’t -” Patrick began, but the burly man stopped him, applying a grip as strong as a vice on Patrick’s arm and opening the door to the carriage.  
“I’m afraid I must insist, Monsieur Dupuy,” the burly man said as he ushered Patrick into the carriage.  



Mere minutes later, Patrick was ensconced in a creaky chair in the back office of a cramped bookstore on the Rue Galande.  He held a glass of cognac in his hand, and his soaked topcoat was laid out over a second chair to dry.  
The burly man was standing behind Patrick, in the shadows near the room’s only door.  He had said nothing to Patrick during their short voyage in the carriage, pointedly refusing to answer any of Patrick’s questions about who he was or where Patrick was being taken.  
Patrick’s chair faced a small desk, whose surface was covered in ledgers and stacks of papers, and whose legs and face were marked and scarred by years of use.  Behind the desk sat a man of approximately five and forty years, his hair slicked to his head and his mouth almost invisible beneath a bushy mustache.    
“Well, I must say, Monsieur,” the mustachioed man said when they were seated in the office.  “You seem to be holding up reasonably well.”
“I should probably be getting home and out of these wet clothes, though,” Patrick attempted.  “Before I catch my death of cold.”
“You seem to have a strong constitution,” the man replied with a smile.  “Strong enough to survive a pretty eventful week.  Assuming your father’s place in the legislature, being drafted into a secret society, and, just tonight, being interrogated at the hands of anarchist bombers.”  
Patrick stared at the man, struggling to assemble the meager pieces of information known to him in an effort to deduce his identity.
“Relax, Monsieur,” the man told him.  “I’m on your side.  My name is Rousseau, and I work for a department within the Directorate of Intelligence.  You know what that department’s business is, correct?”
“Foreign espionage?” Patrick guessed without thinking. 
“For the most part,” Rousseau said.  “But there are times when our greatest threats arise within our own borders.  You were witness to a prime example of that type of threat at the Café Floret, am I right?”
Patrick did not respond.  He was still trying to infer the man’s agenda.  Had this cheery, middle-aged man brought Patrick before him to be interrogated about the Order?  Could the Intelligence Directorate truly be concerned with policing secret societies around Paris?
“You acquitted yourself admirably that morning,” Rousseau went on.  “Charging into a burning building to rescue survivors and all.  It was admirable.”
“You were there?” Patrick asked, his mind reeling.
“Of course,” Rousseau laughed.  “I evacuated the café, Monsieur.  With some help from my associate Monsieur Ferriere.”  Rousseau nodded toward the burly man standing by the door.  
“LePage is one of my officers,” Rousseau explained.  “For several months, he has worked to embed himself within an organization of known anarchists operating in and around La Sorbonne.  He provided us with the intelligence necessary to thwart the bombing.”     
“LePage?” Patrick asked.  Less than twenty-four hours before, Patrick had been prepared to fire a bullet through the man’s heart.  
“He’s a good man,” Rousseau assured him.
“He's an insane person.” Patrick interjected.  “He almost got me killed tonight.”
“He saved your life tonight,” Rousseau said.  “He alleviated the anarchists’ suspicions about you, and spared you from a far more unpleasant fate.  They might keep tabs on you for a little bit, but they should leave you alone, now.”
 “‘Should,’” Patrick repeated.
Rousseau sighed and leaned forward in his chair.  “I recognize that this is a great deal to absorb in a short period of time.  You’ve only last night been admitted into the Order of Twelve, which is all well and good, but we believe that you are in a unique position to help our cause.  Of course, you are free to go back to your own business settling in among your colleagues in the Chamber of Deputies, but we think you can help us make a far more tangible difference in the field than you ever could in that dysfunctional assembly.  In that case, you would of course be welcome among the other passive members of the Order, learning about what we’re doing from what LePage chooses to share with you.”
Rousseau sat back in his chair, eyeing Patrick closely.  
The secret society was one thing, but the Intelligence Directorate was quite another.  Of course, if he could help thwart another bombing like the one at the Café Floret, Patrick would be willing to do his part.  He was, however, out of patience with overly mysterious recruiting pitches that left so much implied and unexplained.
“What do you want from me?” Patrick asked shortly, trying to cut to the heart of Rousseau’s request.
Rousseau shrugged.  “Nothing for now.  You’ll have your hands full in the coming days, settling yourself into life as a legislator and responding to the Order’s next summons in the horoscope.”  At the mention of the Order’s astrological signals, Rousseau smiled.  “I simply wanted to introduce myself and set you at ease about your visit with the anarchists tonight.  When we want to enlist your help, we’ll contact you.”  
Patrick could not say that anything that had occurred that evening had set him at ease.  



CHAPTER SIX


Patrick spent the next two days feeling useless and redundant among his fellow legislators in the Chamber of Deputies.  Neither LePage nor Rousseau contacted him during that time, although his conversation with the latter in the back room of the Left Bank bookshop was never far from Patrick’s thoughts.  
In the Chamber, Patrick quickly learned that despite the leadership’s setting of an agenda each day, it appeared that no substantive progress was made on any of the items included in the agenda.  Many of the deputies were not even present within the chamber, being instead represented by subordinates.  Those members who were present could routinely be found in the hallways and lounges of the Palais Bourbon, engaged in conversations that were by turns business-like and frivolous, but in which Patrick was never included.  He quickly saw that none of the other deputies accepted him as anything more than a seat-filler until the next election, when a more suitable replacement for his father would be elected.  
Seated in his assigned place in the chamber, Patrick tried to remember the manner in which his father conducted himself among his brethren.  Patrick had never harbored an interest in politics or in his father’s career, and he had never visited the Palais Bourbon except on ceremonial occasions like the swearing in ceremony that saw his father assume the seat that Patrick currently occupied.  Patrick knew his father had been respected within the legislature, but he could not conceive of what the elder Dupuy had said or done to win his colleagues over to him.  Frustrated, Patrick wondered if the simple nature of his appointment to the post was too great an obstacle to his finding success.  
A vote was scheduled that afternoon, but those deputies present in the chamber were clustered in groups of two or three, talking in casual tones, and no one was positioned to call the assembly to order.  Patrick was considering returning to his office until he received word that business would proceed when a courier approached him and handed him an envelope of fine linen.  The paper was a curious shade of white with a sheen like that of a pearl. It was scented with what smelled to Patrick of lilacs. 
With little curiosity, Patrick tore the envelope open to find an engraved invitation to a salon at the Chateau de Aligre taking place that evening.  The invitation identified the salon’s host as the Countess Sybille Wettin Estampe.  The name was unfamiliar to Patrick.
Not having the slightest intention of attending a salon in the Loire Valley, he attempted to slide the invitation back into the envelope but encountered resistance in doing so.  As he held the envelope upside down, a small card made of the same pearlescent, white, linen paper fell to his lap.  Picking up the card, he observed that it was also scented.  It read:

Deputy Dupuy: I have consulted my astrologer, and he has advised that you must attend this evening.  It is written in the stars.  S.

Patrick stared at the loaded message set forth on the card in a delicate, feminine hand without the first clue as to how he should respond.  Unable to imagine a better course of action, Patrick set off for M. Filippi’s office. 
“What kind of secret society is this?” Patrick demanded of the older man after he presented him with the Countess’s note.  “It seems as if everyone in Paris knows of it.”
Filippi stared down at the card through wire-rimmed glasses.  “The boldness of that woman,” he remarked after a moment.  He held the note out to Patrick.  
“Honorary member?” Patrick asked.
“Hardly.  She is the widow of Gilles Estampe, from whom she acquired her title and who preceded me as the most senior Monarchist deputy in the Chamber.  But Estampe had no ties to the Order.”
Patrick glanced at the card. ”This is not a French name,” he said.
“She’s German, of course,” Filippi replied, sitting in the high-backed, oxblood leather chair behind his desk.
“Why would a French nobleman marry a German?”
“Have you ever seen the Countess?” Filippi asked.
“Before this morning, I’d never heard of her.”
Filippi smiled, but said nothing. 
Patrick felt he’d had his fill of deliberate glances and weighty smiles.  “Whatever her personal charms,” he said.  “I can’t imagine travelling to a chateau beyond the city to attend a German woman’s salon.”
“You absolutely must attend,” Filippi said.  “She is one of the most well-connected women in Paris and has been invaluable to the party in the last three election cycles, and so it would be unthinkable for you to decline.  More importantly, you must seek her out at this salon and try to determine how much she knows about the Order and its members.”
“As simple as that?” Patrick asked.
“Not quite,” Filippi replied.  “You mustn’t underestimate the Countess.  LePage thinks she’s a German spy -”
“A spy!” Patrick exclaimed.
“I must admit, that is the most plausible explanation for why she would have married Estampe, a man with a title and political experience, but little in the way of fortune.”  
Filippi rose and moved toward the office’s door.  “Don’t worry too much about all that,” he advised Patrick.  “She has already shown you her hand.  She knows who you are and the organizations in which you are now a member.  Hear her out, try to determine what it is she wants, and we’ll discuss the matter when you return.”
Within minutes, Patrick was standing on the sidewalk in front of the Palais Bourbon, working to hail a cab on the Quai d’Orsay.  The journey to the Loire Valley was not an insignificant one, even by rail, and to reach the Chateau de Aligre in time for that evening’s salon, he would need to leave almost immediately.  
When a cab stopped to collect him, Patrick hopped into the two-wheeled hansom so distracted by his conversation with Filippi that he was inside the cab before he saw that it was occupied.  He nearly jumped back to the street in alarm when he saw Rousseau waiting for him inside.  
“Close the door and sit,” Rousseau said.  “We have to get you to the train.”
Patrick sighed and did as he was instructed.  As the cab lurched forward on its journey across the river, Patrick tried to settle his nerves.
“How did you know I -”
“The only individual in France we are currently keeping a closer watch over than you is the Countess Estampe,” Rousseau replied.  “Not that keeping track of that woman is that great a challenge.  She is simply brazen.”
“For a spy, you mean?” Patrick asked.
“You’re familiar with the Countess?” Rousseau asked.  His tone was conversational, but his eyes were keenly focused on Patrick.
  “M. Filippi filled me in.”
“You showed Filippi the Countess’s note?” Rousseau asked, his voice sharp with what sounded like an indictment.  Patrick’s nerves rattled once more with the fear that he’d made a misstep.
“He’s the closest thing I have to a mentor in the Chamber,” Patrick began.  “Was that wrong?”
Rousseau shrugged, as if to say that such choices were Patrick’s business.  His gaze was fixed on Patrick, however, with an expression that clearly betrayed his unhappiness with Patrick’s decision.
“You might be well-advised to keep information to yourself in this business,” Rousseau said.  “Until it either becomes necessary or in some way profitable to share it.”
“But Filippi is in the Order,” Patrick began.
“You may find that not every member of the Order shares the same agenda,” Rousseau said deliberately.  
Patrick considered the implications of this suggestion.
“Tonight,” Rousseau went on, changing tone as he segued into the topic at hand.  “You will want to tread carefully around the Countess.  She is very well informed and she can be . . . disarming.  Whatever she says to you, don’t give her any information she doesn’t already have.  It would seem that she’s already learned that you are the newest member of the Order.  That does not, however, mean she knows that you and I are acquainted.”
“If she does?” Patrick asked.  
“Say nothing,” Rousseau answered.  “Just remember to listen closely to what she says and what her words confirm.  When you return to the city, we can try to determine her motives.”          
Within the hour, Patrick was seated in a compartment inside the wooden car of a southbound train, watching the countryside south of the city’s limits pass by in a blur outside the car’s windows.  Before he was thirty minutes into his journey toward the Loire Valley, he began feeling drowsy as the train rocked and as he thought about the three hours of travel in front of him.  The porter had supplied him with a stack of newspapers, not only Le Temps and the other Parisian dailies, but also the Tribune de Geneva and the Times.  The latter Patrick could partly read, due to his father’s insistence that he study English as a student.  His father’s work in the diplomatic corps had taken him to America as well as England, and he had wanted Patrick to study a language that could be useful in similar travels instead of the Latin his peers spent the bulk of their education combating.  
As he let his eyes close and the car's vibrations lull him into a sense of disembodied weightlessness, he heard the door to his compartment slide open.  With no small degree of irritation, he opened his eyes and rolled his head to see why the porter was intruding upon him, when he was confronted by the sight of a recognizable face staring down at him. 
“Mademoiselle Deschamps?” he said, wondering if it were possible that he was still asleep.
“Monsieur Dupuy,” she said with a nod.  “Or should I say, Deputy Dupuy?”
Patrick waived a hand to indicate that she should dispense with such formality.
“May I?” she asked, indicating the seat opposite his.  
“Please,” he said, knowing the instant that he spoke that he had answered too eagerly.  
Delicately arranging her skirts, Veronique sat with the grace of a dancer on the bench across from Patrick as it rocked with the rhythm of the train car, her bearing no different than if they were seated in an ornate drawing room.  The black curls arranged in a fashionable array around her comely features complemented her fair skin, and her brown eyes shone bright with an intense energy Patrick would otherwise have found flattering, but which made him uncomfortable given their surroundings.    
“You’re a very busy man,” she said as he squirmed under her gaze.  “You can turn up almost anywhere in Paris at any given time.”
Patrick had no idea what she meant by this comment, but her knowing tone made him uncomfortable. 
“I must say, you keep most unusual hours for a deputy,” Veronique continued, her eyes moving to the interior window of the car.  “But then again, we both know you are involved in more diverse enterprises than the average legislator.”
Her dark eyes flicked back to his.  His mouth felt dry and his heart was racing once again.
“Whatever do you mean, Mademoiselle?” he asked.  
“Come now, Monsieur,” she said.  “Let us drop the pretense.  I know of no other members of the Chamber of Deputies who go skulking around the warehouses on the Left Bank in the late hours of stormy nights.”
Patrick froze in his seat, trying to implement the advice he’d received from Rousseau.  “I –  What warehouse?” he asked.  
“My warehouse,” she answered.  “At least, my company’s.  There have been some irregularities regarding the shipments of small arms being distributed out of that warehouse, and I received information that someone might be attempting to break into it that evening.”
Patrick’s mind was reeling.  The warehouse where the anarchists had interrogated him had been empty, but it was not the only such building in that area.
“Two of my men were watching my warehouse when they found a young man fitting your description circling the building that evening.  One of them followed the young man all the way to the Rue de Bellechaise, where the man rendezvoused with a colleague and was collected by a four wheeler.”
Patrick allowed himself to relax with a small measure of relief.  He’d known that night that he was being followed, and while he was certain Rousseau would be displeased to know that Patrick and his man had been seen leaving the area together, it was becoming clear to Patrick that Veronique knew less about his true purposes than she believed she did.  
“You think I was trying to rob your warehouse?” Patrick said.
“Do you have a more plausible explanation for your actions?” she replied.  
Patrick laughed lightly.  “I assure you, Mademoiselle, that I was in the neighborhood that evening for an entirely different purpose.”
“That purpose being . . .”
Patrick sighed.  “I’m afraid I can’t say.”
“Can’t, or won’t?” she asked.  
“I -”
“I’m sorry to speak so directly about such matters,” she responded.  “But I know your father died without any great fortune.”
“So you believe I’ve turned to burgling warehouses to compensate?”   
“Not necessarily,” she said.  “But you’re involved in something underhanded.  I remember seeing you outside the Café Floret the morning it exploded – just minutes after I escaped its blast, mind you.  I know you are leaving the city during a business day when the legislature is in session.  And I know you are being followed.”
Patrick stared at her.  His modest sense of relief, it seemed, had come prematurely.  “Why do you say that?” he asked.  
“Because I followed you onto this train.  By chance, I saw you in the station and thought this trip would give us an opportunity to talk.  In following you, I watched two young men plainly doing the same thing.”
“What young men?” Patrick asked.
“They are seated in the compartment across from this one,” she said.  “You seem alarmed, Monsieur.” 
“They are young?” Patrick demanded.  “Dressed shabbily, like students?” 
“Yes,” she answered after a moment.  “What have you gotten yourself involved in, Monsieur?”
“Did they see you enter this compartment?” he asked.
“Almost certainly,” she replied.  
Patrick sighed.  He’d known that evening that LePage had been reckless in presenting him to the anarchists.  Now they were following him about the city, and Patrick could only speculate as to their intentions. 
“You must get off the train at the next stop,” he said to Veronique.  “Act as if we are strangers -”
“I will do no such thing -” she began.
“You must,” he insisted.  “It’s not safe for you to be seen with me -”
“I’m not going anywhere until you tell me what is going on and how it involves my company.”
“I can’t tell you anything more,” he said, trying to force his voice to adopt the type of tone LePage commonly utilized, a voice that gave the listener no choice but to comply.
She stared back at him, undaunted.  Her expression was patient, her eyes stubborn.  Patrick did not know what else he could say to her to convince her to listen to him.
“Very well,” she said after a moment.  Gathering her skirts, she began to rise.  Patrick almost sighed with relief. 
“I shall go across the aisle and ask your pursuers to explain your actions.  Perhaps they will be more forthcoming.”
Patrick’s heart raced again, and he jumped to his feet to block Veronique’s path to the compartment’s door.
“No, you can’t -”
“Monsieur, are you attempting to confine me in your compartment?” she asked.  Her voice was soft and level, but her eyes flashed with determination.  
“They’re anarchists,” he said with a heavy exhalation of breath.  “I’ve managed to run afoul of them, and now it seems they are following my movements.”
She eyed him closely.  “Are they the bombers?” she asked.
“They are tied to them, yes,” he said, gesturing toward the compartment’s seats.  
Veronique sat.  “And you are not in league with them?”
“Of course not,” he replied.  “I can’t explain, but suffice it to say that they believe I foiled the bombing.  They meet in a warehouse near yours.”
“Did you foil the bombing?” she asked, her eyes wide with expectation.  He wanted very much to take credit for saving her life, but instinctually, he knew it would be unwise to be caught in a lie.  
“No,” he admitted.
“But you know who did,” she concluded.
His silence confirmed this fact. 
The train slowed as it came to stop in the small station on the edge of Chartres.  Veronique looked out the window, her gaze seeming to fix on the spire of the great cathedral in the center of the town.
“Wherever you are going,” she said as the train lurched to a stop.  “I’m assuming it would be best if these anarchists did not follow.”
Patrick nodded and glanced warily at the door to the compartment, which he half expected to burst open at any moment.
“I’ll help you then,” she declared, rising from her seat once more.  
“I can’t allow that,” Patrick began.
“What is your alterative?” she asked him, utilizing the very tone he’d been searching for earlier in their conversation. 
Veronique turned toward the door as Patrick rose to his feet.  Glancing over her shoulder, he could see, through the window to the opposite compartment, a young man staring back at them.  
Reflexively, Patrick withdrew from the window and leaned against the compartment’s inner wall.  Veronique, however, held her ground, remaining in front of the window.  She was not watching the young man across the train, however.  Instead, she was peering down the length of the train to her left.  
“I’ll go first,” she said.  “Once I step out, you slip through the door before it slides closed.  She glanced back at him, her dark eyes bright with excitement and anticipation.  “Try to stay low.”
Before he could object, she had opened the door to the compartment and stepped out into the aisle.  Realizing time was short, Patrick ducked low, trying to use Veronique’s flowing skirts as cover as he turned to his right toward the rear of the train.  No sooner had he stepped through the doorway than he heard the anarchists’ compartment’s door slide violently open. 



CHAPTER SEVEN


“Excuse me,” Veronique was saying in a lilting, drawing room voice entirely unlike the one she had used throughout her conversation with Patrick.  Glancing over his shoulder, Patrick saw that Veronique had created a bottleneck in the aisle, stepping out in front of two passengers who had boarded the train carrying worn travelling cases.  As the two travellers could not reach their compartment with Veronique blocking their way, they had halted their progress directly outside the door of the anarchists’ compartment, and the anarchists were now barred by the travellers’ presence from emerging and pursing Patrick.  
Patrick turned and rushed toward the back of the car, the sounds of Veronique’s apologies being drowned out by the anarchists’ demands that the two travellers move aside. 
Reaching the end of the car, he opened the door and stepped into the vestibule connecting it to the next car.  Turning, he peered through the door’s window into the car behind him, where he saw the anarchists forcing themselves into the aisle.  One of the anarchists was blocked by the two travellers, who were now pinned against the wall of the opposite compartment, while the other had forced himself into the aisle on Patrick’s side of the car.  Veronique was on the far side of the travellers, powerless to prevent the anarchist nearest Patrick from pursuing him.    
Patrick wasted no additional time.  Spinning toward the rear of the train, he rushed through the next car.  Moving through the doors to the next car in the train's sequence, he turned again to confirm that the young man was still in pursuit. 
Patrick was nearly running down the aisle to escape his pursuer when he realized that he was running out of train. The next car in the sequence was the observation car, and as he entered it, there was nowhere to go but back the way he came.  His heart was beating loudly in his chest.  Although the observation car's chairs and tables were empty of passengers, Patrick was relieved to find that a barman was stationed in the car, and that he would not be trapped alone with the anarchist.
Patrick ignored the barman, however, and rushed toward the car’s rear door.  As the train lurched into motion once again, Patrick stumbled forward, crashing against the doorframe.  He could almost feel the anarchist’s approach, however, and wasted no time before throwing open the door and stepping onto the observation platform.  Immediately, he crouched on the platform, attempting to shield himself from being seen through the observation car’s windows. Inside the car, he heard the sliding of the door that signaled the anarchist’s arrival in the last car of the train.  
Patrick looked down at the railroad ties slowly passing from beneath the observation platform and behind the train.  He was unarmed and had no way of knowing if he would be able to fend off the anarchists.  Not seeing an alternative, he crept to the space at the rear of the platform, barred by a heavy chain, where the car could be linked to other cars.  He knew he had mere seconds, not only before the anarchist merged out onto the platform, but before the train would be moving too swiftly for him to safely jump.    
As he heard the door to the observation car slide open, Patrick jumped off the rear of the train to the tracks below. 
Patrick dropped heavily to the ground, attempted to keep his feet, but tumbled to the gravel beside the tracks as a result of his momentum and forward velocity.  He fell on his right shoulder, which flashed with a hot pain from the impact.  He inhaled a cloud of gravel dust as he rolled twice to the side of the tracks.  Settling on his stomach, he looked over his shoulder to see the train pulling away.  The anarchist was standing on the observation platform, his hands on the rail, watching him.  The young man made no attempt to follow Patrick’s example, however, as the train had accelerated to a speed that now made a leap like the one Patrick had taken unsafe.
Patrick got to his feet, feeling a fresh pain in his right knee to accompany the throbbing in his shoulder.  He attempted to dust off his clothes, and started off toward the platform, turning his back on the train as it vanished around a corner.          
When he reached the platform, he approached the ticket office.  He had no familiarity with the schedules by which trains south of the city operated, but he saw no choice other than to wait for the next available train to take him to the Loire Valley. 
Before he reached the ticket window, however, he was startled by a familiar feminine voice addressing him.  
“That was quite a leap,” Veronique said in a perfectly serene voice.  He nearly jumped when she spoke, having emerged from the side of the station and approached him from behind without his noticing.  “I must say, it was effective, if lacking somewhat in grace.”
“How -” he began.
“I simply stepped off the train after they set off chasing after you.  They had no interest in detaining me.”
“Thank you for your help,” he began, trying to find a delicate way to dismiss Veronique.  “Now, I’ve got to be going.  I can’t be late.”
“How are you going to do that?” she asked.
“I'm going to buy a ticket on the next southbound train,” he answered.
She smiled slightly and shook her head. “No, you're not.  You can't sit here and wait for the next train. They know you disembarked at this station. They can just get off at the next stop and double back.”
Patrick had not considered this possibility.  
“Besides, I don’t know when you’re due into  . . . wherever, but you might not make it in time if you wait for the next train.”
Discouraged, Patrick stared off in the direction of the train he was meant to ride and tried to imagine what to do next.
“Don’t worry,” Veronique said.  “There are other options.”  



Less than one hour after leaping off the southbound train, Patrick found himself sitting opposite Veronique in a well-appointed four-wheeler, bouncing along the roadway between Chartres and Blois.   
It had taken Veronique next to no effort to engage a coachman and his carriage for their journey.  In order to enable her to do so, Patrick had been compelled to identify his destination as the Chateau Aligre.  While the coachman had charged them a considerable fee, Patrick doubted that he alone could have convinced the man to agree to make the long trip on such short notice, regardless of the price.  When Veronique had smiled sweetly at the coachman, however, and had explained that she and her “brother” had missed their train and were expected at the chateau in less than two hours, the coachman had agreed to assist them.
Now comfortably settled into the carriage, the excitement of their escape from the train had subsided, and Patrick had time to take stock of Veronique, whom he had long admired from afar.  In all of their brief encounters in ballrooms and society drawing rooms, he had never glimpsed anything like the steely resolve and indomitable resourcefulness she’d displayed that afternoon.  
Like him, she was the child of a visible member of Parisian society, although her standing was limited by the mere fact of her parents’ Jewish heritage.  Her father had operated one of the largest manufacturing concerns in France before Veronique had been rendered an orphan in a highly publicized double murder.  Philippe Deschamps had been a third generation manufacturer of arms and artillery for the French army.  He was president of the family firm, Deschamps and Deschamps, his only brother having died in the war against the Germans. 
On the night of 20, August 1894, M. Deschamps had been in Essen, Germany, ostensibly to negotiate the purchase of raw iron for use in his company's manufacturing efforts.  The true purpose of his trip, it was later rumored, had been the strategic planning of his intended joint venture with Mauser.  That evening, he had been a guest at the Hotel Torbraeu. 
Russian expatriates in Paris who were descended from one of Russia’s most prominent Jewish families had raised his wife, Tsilia Deschamps.  She had been on holiday among her family in St. Petersburg throughout the late summer months and had arranged to rendezvous with M. Deschamps in Essen on her return voyage to Paris. 
The couple was discovered in their room the day after Madame Deschamps’s arrival when M. Deschamps failed to appear for a meeting scheduled at one o'clock.  Hotel staff found the bodies in the room's only bed, and the local coroner had later determined that they had died in their sleep of respiratory arrest. The coroner's final report ruled the cause of death poisoning by chloroform.  Both German and French authorities had investigated the deaths, and a convincing motive was never identified.  The case remained unsolved.
Since embarking in the carriage, Veronique had not asked him about the purpose of his trip.  Patrick spent the first portion of the journey attempting to keep the conversation away form the topic until he realized that Veronique had no reason to ask him about it.  By arranging for his transportation, she had managed to attach herself to him, and she would soon learn what awaited them at the chateau.  Not wanting to risk triggering her curiosity, however, he attempted to keep the conversation focused on her.
“I have identified several irregularities in production within the company,” she told him when he asked why she had sent her employees to surveil her own warehouse.  
“What kind of irregularities?” 
“Overproduction, stockpiles of arms that are being stored in the warehouses for lack of a potential buyer.  The company’s operating officer, who oversees the business on my behalf, had recommended curtailing production to accommodate the error, but one of my advisors suggested the error might in fact be part of a larger plot.  He advised that I maintain current levels of production in the event that the oversupply suddenly vanishes.”
“He thinks someone is smuggling surplus arms out of your company?” he asked.
“It’s a theory.”
“Do you have many advisors?” he asked, growing more fascinated by this young woman, whom he had always seen as a simple, if particularly fetching, society girl. 
“One in particular has been very generous in offering me guidance since my father’s death.”
Patrick considered the advisors, from Filippi to Rousseau, he had collected since the death of his own father.  
Veronique appeared to be content to let the topic rest.  Her gaze was directed outside the carriage window at the passing countryside, her eyes squinting slightly in the glow of the late afternoon light.  Patrick settled deeper into his seat, feeling a post-adrenaline wave of exhaustion wash over him.      



“Monsieur Dupuy.” 
Patrick heard the voice calling to him from the depths of some dream.  He started awake, looked across the narrow space of the carriage, and saw Veronique leaning toward him through the shadows.
He looked about himself and realized, first, that he had fallen asleep at some time during their journey, and second, that the carriage had come to a stop.  Outside and from the front of the carriage, he heard the sound of muffled, unintelligible voices. 
“How long have I been asleep?” he asked, somewhat embarrassed. It had been a nearly three hour journey from Chartres along dark and quiet roads, and he must have been lulled to sleep by the vibration of the carriage once the conversation with Veronique had languished. 
“We haven't reached the chateau,” she said, ignoring his question.
The voices outside were growing louder, as if the speakers were drawing nearer to the carriage.  Veronique pulled back the curtain over the window nearest her, attempting to see who might be outside.  The sliver of moonlight that slipped inside the carriage through that narrow divide shone on the reflective edge of the finely honed blade of a dagger, which she held at the ready.
“Where did you get that?” he asked.
“Do you think I would be foolish enough to traipse about the countryside in pursuit of suspected arms smugglers unarmed?” she asked, not looking at him.  
Patrick, himself unarmed, chose not to answer this question.  
“Don't do anything hasty -” he began.
“Quiet,” she silenced him.  Outside, Patrick could hear the unmistakable clomp of a horse’s steps outside the carriage.  Silently, Veronique slid to the far side of her seat and unlatched the door on the opposite side of the carriage.
“On my word,” she whispered.  “Hop out and run.  I'll be behind you.”
Patrick didn't have time to consider the ramifications of her attempt to take charge of their potential escape and ensure his safety before the door to the carriage opened. 
Outside, their coachman stood, his hand on the door handle. From beyond and above the coachman, Robert LePage - dressed in evening wear - sat astride a tall Arabian horse, peering down at Patrick and Veronique with an appraising eye. 
“Deputy Dupuy,” he said, his eyes on Veronique.  “You're late.”



CHAPTER EIGHT


With a full glass of Bordeaux in one hand, LePage passed through the crowded grand salon, marking time while he pretended to admire the Flemish tapestries affixed to the walls. 
Because of Dupuy’s inability to undertake a simple voyage from Paris, they had reached the chateau too late to join the guests for dinner.  Upon arriving, however, LePage had integrated himself into the group of middle-aged, conservative political and business leaders gathered in the grand salon without drawing any undue attention to himself.  Dupuy and the Deschamps girl, neither of whom were dressed appropriately, had been led somewhere upstairs to await an audience with the Countess.   
Left alone with the other guests, LePage was left to consider the evident connection between Dupuy and the Deschamps girl.  LePage had seen no indication of a relationship between Dupuy and Mademoiselle Deschamps while Dupuy was vetted for the Order, and LePage was entirely taken aback to find her in Dupuy’s company en route to the chateau.  It remained difficult for him to accept that of all the young women in Paris, Dupuy was currently awaiting an audience with the German woman in the company of the Deschamps’ daughter.
Rousseau had been confident that Dupuy would be able to handle himself this evening, but LePage was holding on to his reservations.  The afternoon’s difficulties had done nothing to alleviate his concerns, and he’d attempted to counsel the young man to be cautious and on his guard in the presence of the Countess.  LePage knew all too well how formidable an adversary she could be.    
Blonde, blue-eyed, and possessed of delicate features, she was strikingly beautiful.  She'd come to France nearly twenty years ago, just a few short years after the war with Germany, as the young bride of a French financier descended from a line granted noble title by Napoleon.  The count had been dead nearly ten years, but she still wore his chevaliere on the smallest finger of her left hand.  Her French was excellent, but the slight trace of a German accent lent her an exotic air that could be very appealing.  She was warm and effusive, so delightful in conversation that it was easy to forget that she was a key asset in supplying foreign intelligence to Emperor Wilhelm II, intelligence that could one day be used against France, either on the battlefield or in other, more insidious ways.  She was also in the habit of wearing form-fitting dresses in the day’s most current fashions, and the figure she cut could be a great distraction to a young, undisciplined man like Dupuy.      
“Professor LePage,” he heard a voice call.  Turning with a practiced air of casual amiability, LePage was taken aback to find himself staring into the face of a former officer of the German army.  LePage recognized the man immediately as Stabshauptmann Bruno Schupke, a counterintelligence specialist he'd met twice during his years in Berlin.  Schupke's face betrayed no sign of his having recognized LePage in return, but LePage knew that it was impossible for a German intelligence agent to fail to recognize him on sight.   
“This is a rather political event for an academic like yourself,” continued the speaker, a shorter Frenchman standing with Schupke.  The speaker was roughly five and fifty, balding on top and sporting a beard and mustache, the ends of which were curled outward.  LePage recognized the man, knew him to be a Parisian businessman and prominent political booster, but he could not recall his name.
“I like to keep an open mind,” LePage replied in his well-worn, professorial tone of thoughtful neutrality.
“May I introduce you to Monsieur Dirk Heinrich,” the bearded Parisian said, indicating Schupke. 
LePage shook Schupke's hand, his eyes focused on the German's face for any sign of an acknowledgement of the blatant pretense of his false identity.  “A pleasure,” LePage said. “What, may I ask, is your interest in the politics of Paris, Herr Heinrich?”
“I am an acquaintance of Frau Wettin's from Hamburg.”  LePage very nearly laughed at the German’s stubborn refusal to acknowledge the countess’s French title or married name.  “I was only planning on staying through dinner this evening, but I struck up a conversation with Monsieur -” the German indicated the short, French businessman, as LePage vaguely recalled that M. Modot was associated with some kind of shipping concern.  “And he has been updating me on the events in Paris ever since.”
“The events in Paris?” LePage asked, not following. 
“The Exposition,” Modot clarified, referring to the Exposition Universalle, the world's fair currently being held on the Champs de Mars on the western end of the Left Bank.  “I have been trying to convince Herr Heinrich that he must visit the Exposition, if only to see Gratioulet and Lioret's new sound film.”
“I have not yet visited the Exposition,” LePage replied.  “But I, too, must make time to take in its wonders.”  He politely excused himself.  
Leaving the ballroom, he made his way outside onto one of the stone terraces overlooking the chateau's immaculately kept garden.  Standing at the stone rail, his back to the door, he pulled his pipe from inside his dinner tailcoat and began packing it in preparation for a smoke. His gaze remained on the carefully shaped bushes and well-attended rows of flowers in the garden, while his attention was focused on the sounds on the terrace and inside the chateau.
The chatter of voices and the chime of glasses could be heard inside, and the hunting dogs kept on the grounds were barking from their distant paddock.  LePage's ears filtered these background sounds as easily as he ignored the buzzing of the night creatures that populated the dark garden.  Remaining motionless, he waited in silence, noticing first the click of a servant's light footsteps along the stone tiles in the hallway inside, and second, the distant crunch of a carriage's wheels lurching down the gravel drive on the far side of the grounds.  More innocuous sounds followed, and LePage remained motionless, lighting his pipe, but merely holding it at chest level. He had no way of knowing if he'd been recognized, but he had no reason to doubt that any German agent who crossed his path would attempt to apprehend him for questioning.  Or worse.
He lost track of how much time he spent on the terrace before he heard the telltale sound of a man's deliberately light footfall on the far side of the terrace.  The thin crescent moon gave off little light, and the terrace was shrouded in shadows.  LePage could not see the German, but being no stranger to combat in darkened alleyways, he used the sound of the man’s steps to visualize the man's distance and position.
Taking a casual puff on his pipe, LePage took two leisurely steps toward the corner of the terrace where there had been placed a potted, flowering tree.  He calculated that in his new position, from Schupke’s perspective he would be indistinguishable from the tree, forcing the man to move further onto the terrace and into the sparse moonlight.
Listening closely, he snuffed out his pipe to hide its glow.  As he had anticipated, Schupke took two nearly silent steps toward the center of the terrace.  He remained in shadow, but he was sufficiently close to the doorway that the outer glow cast by the electric lamps inside revealed his silhouette.  LePage had not anticipated, however, that the German would be armed with a revolver.
From his position, LePage watched the man's gesture of raising his right arm and heard the quiet, but unmistakable click of the revolver’s metal hammer.  Instinctively, LePage tossed his pipe and dove toward the stone wall at the edge of the terrace.
The shot thundered over him, the sound of the report echoing off the stone terrace and across the gardens, but the round had no chance of hitting LePage.  His sudden movement had forced Schupke to fire before he was ready, and LePage did not stop to give the man a second chance.  In one motion, he lunged toward the wall, swung himself over its cool, stone surface with both arms, and leaped to the grounds below. 
The terrace was elevated more than two meters from ground level, but LePage did not fall directly to the grass below.  As he'd had no opportunity to look below before jumping, he had no way of avoiding the sculpted bushes that lined the front face of the terrace.  Leaping feet first, he avoided any injuries to his eyes or face, but he felt sharp scratches on his hands and heard his coat tear as he fell onto and through the branches. 
Thudding to the ground, he had no time to tend to his minor wounds.  He knew the German would be at the wall above, watching for signs of movement below.  LePage fell completely still, lay on one side at the foot of the bushes with his back against the reassuringly solid face of the terrace wall, and waited.  He considered Schupke’s options.  The man would not wish to remain outside long, knowing the sound of the shot might summon a servant or curious guest, but he also would not want to give up his pursuit.  Aside from forfeiting the opportunity to kill LePage, he risked being discovered as a German agent if he returned to the party, only to be confronted in the company of the guests. 
Several minutes passed, but LePage remained still.  He had the advantage of the cover of the garden's well-cultivated bushes and the darkness of the night, and the only way he could clearly betray his position to the alert the German would be to move.  He imagined Schupke efficiently and silently positioning himself in a more advantageous spot on the ground. 
Lying on the cool, damp soil, LePage had no way of knowing from which direction the German would approach.  His instincts compelled him to shift his head slightly and attempt to see if the man was casting a shadow on the ground on either side of him, but his training and experience gave him the discipline to wait.  The only movement he allowed himself was to slowly and silently draw the dagger he kept inside his coat and hold it at the ready in his hand.
Uncounted moments passed in silence.  LePage willed himself to remain calm and steady.  He was relying on his ability to perceive the faintest sound, and he couldn't afford to allow his pulse to rise and the blood to begin pounding in his ears.
Suddenly, a sound.  LePage instantly recognized the faint, but unmistakable rustle of branches above him and to his left.  
Schupke had made his move too quickly.  Mistaking LePage's position, the man had pulled the branches of the wrong section of bush aside to get a clear shot at LePage. 
In an instant, LePage was on his feet and leaping toward the German.  He lunged for the man, whose silhouette was unmistakable, in an attempt to close the short distance between them and make a shot with the revolver impossible.  He was surprised to find, however, that Schupke's pistol was nowhere to be seen.  As the man turned at LePage's approach, LePage recognized that he was brandishing a knife in place of the revolver.  Most likely, Schupke had not wanted to risk another gunshot, wagering that he had the advantage over LePage and could kill him in silence if he utilized the blade.  
Before LePage could reevaluate his strategy, he was upon the German.  The darkness worked in his favor, however, and as he collided with his pursuer, he immediately shot an elbow up to deflect the arm that held Schupke’s blade.  With his empty hand clutching the German's other arm, he pushed forward, driving his adversary into the bushes.  Before the man had time to react, LePage head-butted him to the face, sharply and with great force. 
Schupke cried out in stunned pain and struggled to lunge away from LePage.  Anticipating the move, LePage allowed his foe to slip sideways slightly, and then readjusted his grip so as to lock the German in a half nelson, the man's knife held in his useless, dangling arm. With the other hand, LePage raised his own knife.
Schupke muttered something guttural in German that LePage could not understand.  He recognized, however, that the German realized that he was at a disadvantage and that his situation was perilous.  
LePage considered his ability to detain Schupke.  He recognized that he was alone and that he could not betray his own cover as a polite, politically neutral academic by dragging an armed prisoner inside the chateau. He wondered what information the man could provide, and he weighed the risks to his identity and his own life inherent in letting him live.
Schupke, however, was not prepared to go quietly.  With a last, desperate surge of adrenaline-fueled strength, the man jerked his empty hand forward, pulling LePage close, and shot the blade of his dagger toward LePage's neck.
In response, LePage instinctively pulled the German even closer to him, the man's back shoved firmly into LePage's chest.  Having closed the space between them, his knife hand was given freer range to move.  In the next instance he plunged the blade of his dagger into the Schupke's chest.
Schupke cried out a final time before his own dagger fell heavily to the soil underfoot. 
LePage felt the warmth of the man's blood seeping into his own shirtfront.  Ever patient, he held the man steady for a long moment until he was satisfied that he was dead.  Dropping his weapon, LePage set the German carefully on the ground.  He retrieved his dagger and wiped its blade on the dead man's coat. Rising, he looked down at Bruno Schupke where he lay dead at his feet.  
LePage turned toward the garden.  Covered in a dead man’s blood, he knew he needed to slip away from the chateau.  He resolved to head toward the stables and keep a watch for Dupuy and the Deschamps girl.  
Before he could disappear among the hedges, however, he was frozen in place by the soft light of a hand-held lantern and a voice commanding him to halt and stand in his place.



CHAPTER NINE


Patrick sat on a sofa in a well-appointed drawing room, separated by a Louis XIV cocktail table from one of the most beautiful women he had ever met.  The Countess Sybille Wettin Estampe was older than he by nearly ten years, but those years had done nothing to diminish her charms.  She was a Renoir portrait come to life, her blonde hair and blue eyes shining in the warm light of the room's lamps, and she smiled brilliantly at him while he tried to imagine why he was there. 
“Has anyone offered you a glass of wine?” she asked him.  
“A servant came in with a bottle of Riesling,” he shrugged. 
She smiled pleasantly at his French snobbery.  “I'm sure there's a bottle of Pouilly-Fumé on hand,” she assured him, rising and gliding across the room in her green taffeta skirt.  He stared at the black ribbon and velvet lace stitched around her narrow waist, captivated, as she opened the door and spoke softly to whomever was standing outside. 
The dawning suspicion that some kind of guard was posted outside the door to the drawing room broke the spell cast by her allure, and he willed himself into alertness like a man forcing himself to stay awake in church. 
“Your invitation caught me off guard,” he told her as she rejoined him.  
“I’m sure it did,” she replied.  “I doubt it went over well with Filippi, either.”
Reluctant to confirm anything, Patrick was uncertain of what to say.  He chose to remain silent.
She watched him closely, a glint of amusement in her eyes.  “The Order plays an important role in keeping the peace within your country, Deputy.  That may be difficult to believe based on your dealings with its members thus far, but it is the truth.”
She paused as if waiting for him to object to her statements.  Patrick recalled Rousseau’s and Filippi’s warnings, but his instincts told him that he would get nowhere with the Countess by stonewalling her.  
“You seem to be very well-informed,” he said.  “It suggests that what I’ve heard about you is true.”
She smiled, pleased with his response.  “That I am a German spy, you mean to say.”
Patrick was once again knocked off balance.  The Countess was both well informed and keenly direct.  He knew better than to ask her to address the accusation.     
“The Order has done well enough preventing anarchists from blowing up Paris, but from the outside it seems as if it lacks focus,” she said.  “I recognize that we’ve only just met, but I hope you’ll believe me when I tell you that the true threat to France is far greater than the nuisance presented by these young extremists.  There are forces at work, in France and abroad, that are pushing Europe to widespread conflict, and it is those forces that require the attention of the Order.  And of its members’ individual organizations.”
This last comment could only have referred to LePage and his position within the Intelligence Directorate.  Patrick was stunned to hear this indication of the breadth of her knowledge.  He decided to revert to his de facto position of silence. 
“May I ask,” the Countess continued, in a tone as light as air, as if they had been discussing the latest fashions, and not secret societies and anarchist bombings.  “What is the nature of your relationship with the young woman who accompanied you here tonight?”
Patrick froze stiffly in his seat. “Mademoiselle Deschamps?”  He could not imagine why the Countess would be interested in Veronique, and he felt a sense of dread pass over him at the thought that he had placed her in danger by bringing her to the chateau.    
“You are aware, of course,” Countess Estampe said.  “Of the tragic circumstances surrounding her parents’ deaths.  I also assume that you understand that, as a result of their deaths, she is the majority shareholder in the largest arms manufacturing firm in France.  You can imagine that her family's company is an important part of any plan that ends in a foreign conflict.”
A knock at the door interrupted their conversation.  
“Come in,” Countess Estampe called.
A servant entered and approached her. Patrick was too distracted considering the Countess’s words concerning Veronique to notice that the servant wasn't carrying the bottle of the wine his hostess had requested for him.
The servant stood at the Countess’s side, leaned over, and whispered something in German to her.  In an instant, her delicate features darkened. 
Looking up at the servant, she asked, “Who's he killed now?” 
The servant whispered again, and Countess Estampe nodded toward the door.  As the servant withdrew, she turned to Patrick and shook her head slightly in exasperation.
A moment later, three men entered the drawing room. Two large, stone-faced men in evening wear led Robert LePage toward Countess Estampe and Patrick.  The two expressionless men had military bearings and kept close to LePage. 
LePage looked as if he had suffered some terrible accident.  His coat and trousers, caked with dark soil, were torn in various places, and his face and hands were marked with small scratches.  His shirtfront was covered with blood, but he appeared uninjured, eying the Countess with a steady and suspicious eye. 
“What happened to you?” Patrick gasped. 
LePage ignored him. 
The Countess said something abrupt in German, and the two men withdrew from the room. 
“If it's any consolation,” LePage said.  “Herr Schupke fired at me first.”
Countess Estampe waved this statement off.  “Schupke was not one of mine,” she said.  “He wasn't even invited to the salon.” 
“He just dropped by your chateau for a visit?” LePage asked.  “Just happened to be in the neighborhood?” 
The Countess smiled tightly.  “I knew him to be a hothead still trying to fight the wars of the past.  But I cannot begin to imagine what he was doing here tonight.”  
“Should we call for help?” Patrick asked, trying to reconcile LePage’s horrific appearance with his flippant matter.  
LePage glanced at him, and then turned back to the Countess with an expectant expression on his face.
She appeared to consider him for a moment before saying, “You need to leave. Take your . . . horse, I assume?”  He nodded to confirm that she had guessed correctly.  “Saddle him and vanish.  I know that particular routine is included in your repertoire.”  
Patrick noticed a particularly sharp edge to these last words.  “We should accompany you,” he said, rising to his feet.  Patrick strongly preferred the possibility of returning to Paris alongside LePage to the idea of attempting the journey alone with Veronique.   
“No,” the Countess said decisively.  “You arrived by the front door, and you'll have to leave the same way.  To do otherwise would simply attract attention.  Professor LePage, however, will have to take his leave immediately.” 
LePage nodded and started toward the door. 
“As neither of you are dressed for dinner,” Countess Estampe continued.  “You will rejoin Mademoiselle Deschamps in the petite salon.  Mingle, drink some wine, and wait until ten o'clock.  At that time, I will arrange for a servant to escort you to the carriage house, after which my chauffer will drive you to the station in my auto in time for the last train to Paris.”



As the clock struck midnight and Friday night gave way to Saturday morning, Patrick and Veronique were settled into a train compartment that was indistinguishable from the one they had occupied on the first leg of their journey south from Paris.  
“It just seems strange to travel so far to attend a party,” Veronique said.  “Only to spend our time cloistered away from the other guests before turning around to return home.”  Her tone was playful, as if she were teasing him about some trivial social faux pas that he’d made at the salon.  “And how much time did we spend at the chateau?  One hour?  We can't have been there ninety minutes . . .”
The secrecy of the Order’s members and activities had been impressed upon him since his very first meeting with Filippi and LePage.  He was aware that he was forbidden to disclose his involvement with it to any outsiders.  However, two things had become clear to him in the wake of his brief audience with the Countess Estampe.  The first of these was the fact that despite the other members’ admonishments, the Order was not truly secret.  The second was that Veronique, by virtue of her inheritance, could be at the center of the mysterious activities both Rousseau and the Countess had referred to in discussing the danger of another, imminent, foreign conflict.  On the southbound train, he had been reluctant to tell Veronique too much for fear of placing her in danger.  As they undertook the return journey north, he feared that withholding too much from her could have an even worse effect.    
“I have recently been admitted into a secret society devoted to the preservation of the stability of France,” he began, and before he could help himself, the story of his nascent involvement with the Order of Twelve came tumbling out of him.  His dealings with Rousseau and LePage’s nature as an intelligence agent were omitted from his account. 
When he concluded, Veronique turned to the window and looked out onto the darkened fields surrounding them.  She appeared to consider and process this information.  After a moment she turned back to him, a slight smile hinting at the edges of her features.        
“Then I think we need to find out what we can learn about the Order of Twelve,” she told him in the same playful tone she’d employed while teasing the story out of him.  “And about the Countess Sybille Wettin-Estampe.”



Early the following morning, while the shops and cafes along the Rue de Sommerard were beginning to open their shutters, LePage entered Galande Books through the front door, which had been left unlocked for him.  Inside, he found the shop empty of patrons and clerks and proceeded to the small office at the rear of the shop without waiting to be greeted.  
Knocking once, LePage entered the inner office without waiting for a reply.  Inside, Rousseau sat behind a carved mahogany writing desk, sipping from a coffee cup and looking over the morning editions.  A cup of cafe au lait sat steaming on the desk in front of the empty leather guest chair.  LePage sat.
“I need to buy a new pipe,” he said.
Rousseau looked up over the top of his newspaper, not understanding his meaning.
“Bruno Schupke,” LePage added.  “He’s officially retired.”
Rousseau lifted his eyebrows.  “He was at the chateau? What's his connection to the Countess?” 
LePage shrugged.  “She said he wasn’t even a guest.”
“You spoke to her?”
LePage nodded.
“How did she look?” Rousseau asked.  
LePage did not respond.  Rousseau was among the handful of intelligence officers who was aware of the extent of his past dealings with the Countess, and he rarely hesitated to use that knowledge for his own amusement.
“How did she find out you killed Schupke?” he asked after LePage declined to respond to his comment.     
LePage sighed.  “Her men grabbed me before I could slip away.”
Rousseau shook his head in mock disappointment.  “Sloppy.”  He smiled slightly.  “How did you get away?”
“She let me walk out the servants’ entrance.”
“What is she playing at?” Rousseau wondered aloud.  “Her salon is attended by German intelligence agents, you kill one, but after you fall into her lap she simply allows you to leave.”  
LePage had been pondering the same question since he’d left the Loire Valley late the previous night.  He was certain she had an agenda – he knew her too well to believe otherwise – but what she could have gained from a visit with Dupuy that would justify the loss of one of her country’s most highly-trained agents and the release of LePage himself, one of the German intelligence office’s most wanted opposition agents, LePage could not begin to imagine.   
“And our young friend?” Rousseau asked him.
“She had him and his date dropped off at the station in time to catch the last train back to Paris.”
“What date?” Rousseau asked.
“He came in the company of Mademoiselle Deschamps.”
Rousseau stared at him, leaning back in his chair.  LePage remained silent, content to let Rousseau consider this information and its potential ramifications.   
“What is their connection?” he asked, more to himself than to LePage.  
“I haven’t seen any intelligence linking them,” LePage replied.  
“This is the first I’m hearing of any,” Rousseau responded, irritated at having the Directorate’s intelligence questioned.   
LePage nodded. “I think we need to find out what he knows.”
 “As hard as it is for you to believe, he's a valuable asset.  And your bit of hazing with the anarchists did nothing to win his trust.”
“It wasn’t hazing.”
“Nor was it necessary,” Rousseau replied.  
LePage eyed Rousseau closely for a moment, trying to gauge the degree to which he had invested himself in the young man’s recruitment.   
“He can be replaced,” LePage said after a pause.  
Rousseau smiled in the manner of a condescending schoolmaster, an attitude he adopted when his patience was stretched thin.  “We'll watch them both,” he said.  “Meanwhile, take it easy on him, and see if you can make him confortable enough to find out exactly what the Countess wanted to discuss with him.”



CHAPTER TEN


Leaning against the side of a shelf stuffed to the point of overflowing with back issues of Le Soleil, Patrick watched with nervous anticipation as the small daily’s young publisher, Mougenot, attentively guided Veronique about the newspaper’s cramped and daunting basement archive.  He was approximately five years older than Patrick and Veronique, and he sported a well-attended mustache and a sharply tailored black suit with a fashionably light waistcoat.  He was shorter than Patrick, heavier around the middle, and moved about with a nervous energy Patrick saw was inspired by Veronique’s presence. 
That Mougenot was in love with Veronique would be obvious to any observer.  Having noted this fact, Patrick was now keenly watching Veronique’s manner to determine if she was as infatuated with the newspaperman as he was with her. 
“I so wish that you had told me you were stopping by today, Mademoiselle,” Mougenot was saying.  “Had I known, I could have cleared my schedule for the morning -”
“Oh, stop,” Veronique said, placing a hand on the young man’s chest.  Patrick winced.  “It is I who should be apologizing to you.  I know you have important business here at the newspaper.  It’s just that Monsieur Dupuy’s family is so eager to complete the tribute to his father.”
Before they had disembarked the train at the Gare de l’Est, Veronique had suggested that they visit the offices of Le Soleil the following day to see what they could learn about the Order and the Countess Estampe in its archives.  While small in size, the newspaper had the beneficial quality of being owned and operated by a young man of her acquaintance, who lived in Le Marais near her own family’s home.  Upon arrival, she had explained to Mougenot that Patrick had been charged with assembling old clippings referencing his father’s career and accomplishments for use in a memorial tribute.  Upon seeing Veronique on the threshold of his office, Mougenot had immediately consented to accommodate whatever requests she may have, and he had not so much as looked in Patrick’s direction since.    
“I have a terribly important meeting with the printer across town,” Mougenot went on.  “Otherwise I would cancel my plans and assist you.”
“Monsieur,” she replied to him through a beaming smile.  “I simply could not allow that even if you were free.”
 “Well, please know that you may take as long as you like.  If you need any assistance, just see my clerk, Tissier, upstairs.  Reluctantly, Mougenot took his leave of her, nodded in passing to Patrick as he withdrew from the room, and disappeared upstairs.
“Finally,” Veronique said, her manner suddenly relaxed and bereft of any of the energetic, flirtatious qualities she had been displaying moments earlier.  “I thought he would never leave us.”
Patrick was taken aback to see how quickly she transformed from the coquettish society girl she had been portraying in front of Mougenot back into the grounded and direct lady he’d seen throughout their journey to and from the Countess’s chateau.  
“You are aware that he is quite besotted with you,” Patrick said, seeking a verbal confirmation of what he had inferred from her sudden change in manner. 
“Do you think so?” she asked in mock astonishment, her voice thick with sarcasm.  “Whatever could have given you that idea?”
She turned toward a nearby shelf of bound volumes of the newspaper’s back issues, scanning the spines.  “He’s only one of a recent plague of suitors who see my family’s fortune as an attractive quality in a prospective wife.  At least this one seems to be quite smitten with me personally, which is more than I can say for many in the long line of nice, Jewish men to whom the old hens around my neighborhood and synagogue have tried to marry me off.”
Patrick did not know how to respond to this frank discussion of what he was discouraged to hear were her myriad prospects for marriage.  He had never known a young woman to speak so plainly about such matters.  He was immediately encouraged by the confidential way she spoke to him, but he quickly began to wonder if this type of talk was more characteristic of the discussions routinely conducted among women, and he did not want to think about the significance of her choice to include him in that category.  
“Where to begin?” she said to herself after a moment, her finger tracing the dates stamped into the spines of a stack of back issues on the dusty table in the center of the tiny basement room.   
Patrick surveyed the overflowing drawers of news clippings and photographs that lined one wall, the leaning towers of back issues behind Veronique, and the film of dust over everything in sight, and he couldn’t imagine how to respond.  



LePage was not new to the battle against anarchist extremism in France.  He had been recalled from his work in Germany in response to August Vaillant's 1893 bombing of the Chamber of Deputies, when the French government decided that the police could not be entrusted to protect the city’s leadership from similar attacks.  His cover as a professor of architecture was created to embed him in the university, where much of the anarchist activity was being conducted.  As part of his cover, his marriage to Madeline had been arranged, and he had begun the slow process of earning entrée into the underground movement’s scene. 
After passage of the lois scelerates, the majority of anarchist organizers had fled to England, and the public demonstrations and speeches had largely come to an end.  By that time, however, LePage had managed to gain access to one of the Parisian organization’s inner circle, and as a result of this position, he was able to see that the threat of anarchist violence had not disappeared from Paris.  Instead, it had merely been forced further underground.   
The anarchists surfaced, however, to attend union meetings and discourse with laborers in bars in an effort to recruit additional members sufficiently disaffected or unstable to participate in their terrorist activities.  Once a prospective candidate was identified, he would be brought to the back room of a cafe or restaurant within walking distance of the Sorbonne to meet LePage, who had been assigned the role of recruiter.  In these early stages, LePage was held out to the prospective recruits as one of the philosophical leaders of their movement, and his academic credentials were used to substantiate the anarchists’ cause.  In reality, he was not among the leadership of the anarchist cell, and he had merely been assigned the role of recruiter because the group’s true leaders did not want to assume the risks associated with reaching out to prospective members and because he was older than the other anarchists and, accordingly, a more plausible authority figure. 
That evening found LePage in the stock room of a radical-friendly bar in the First Arrondissement fulfilling his role as recruiter for the organization.  Thamssin and another anarchist had brought a young man in shabby clothes with dirt under his fingernails and grease in his hair to meet with LePage.  
The young man was a bitter factory mechanic with an angry edge, and LePage recognized immediately why Thamssin had selected him for consideration.  LePage engaged the young man, paying lip service to the communal enjoyment of the fruits of the earth and the principle that an individual should have an ownership interest in his own labor.  LePage was well versed in Marxism, as well as the works of the French anarchists Proudhon and Bakunin, and he could deliver anarchist propaganda more persuasively than most genuine radicals.  The young man remained enthusiastic, but when LePage began to assert that political arguments were not sufficient to effect real change, that action was required, the young man appeared to falter.  He listened attentively to LePage, but his eyes betrayed a subtle sense of alarm when LePage began to discuss “propaganda of the deed.”  LePage wound the interview smoothly to a close; not everyone was willing to murder his fellow citizens out of frustration with his position in society. 
After the young man was dismissed, LePage accompanied Thamssin on a walk toward Les Halles marketplace, the location of one of the anarchists group's common meeting spaces. 
“Why have you been bringing me so many weak candidates of late?” LePage asked.
“We need to recruit,” Thamssin responded without elaboration.  “Sometimes standards need to be relaxed for necessity’s sake.” 
LePage considered the possible reasons the cell felt a need to step up their recruitment efforts, none of which were likely to be good.  “I really don't see the sudden need,” he said. “When you aren't using everyone you already have.”
“I am aware that you wish to take a more active role in the organization,” Thamssin replied.  “But you are too valuable an asset to risk involving in any direct action.”
“It doesn't appear that direct action is going very well with me being kept on the outside,” LePage said.
“You accompanied us in overseeing the most recent action -” Thamssin began.
“But I wasn't involved in its planning or execution,” LePage responded.  “And it was a failure.” 
Thamssin said nothing.  LePage knew him to be stubborn and prideful, and he understood intuitively that he would make little progress forcing the issue with him.
“Maly and some others are working at Grevy's,” he said after a brief moment.  “Perhaps it might be a good opportunity for me to discuss the nature of your participation with them.”
LePage bowed his head in a show of solemn appreciation, knowing to ask for more would only roll back the small amount of progress he had made.  Patience was among his most valuable tools in obtaining a foothold in the planning of the next attack.
The blast of the anarchists’ next bomb came much sooner than he expected, however.  He and Thamssin heard the explosion before they were within sight of Les Halles.  The sound of the blast reverberated off the buildings on either side of them, causing both LePage and Thamssin to instinctively freeze in place.  After a second's hesitation, they hurried in the direction of the marketplace, where the explosion had originated.
Turning a corner, they emerged at one end of Les Halles, the city’s oldest outdoor marketplace.  The buildings that lined the square were dark, and LePage and Thamssin were the only people on the street.  The tables of wares beneath the steel and glass shelter at the center of the marketplace were covered and bundled, and the square was largely quiet, save for the cracking sounds of the fire burning on the second floor above the brasserie located in the building on the corner opposite them.
They hurried across the marketplace, LePage trying to evaluate the severity of the fire as they approached.  When they were within fifty meters of the brasserie, Thamssin stopped walking and exclaimed, “My God!” He turned to LePage with an expression of horror on his face and pointed.
On the street in front of them, LePage saw a charred piece of red flesh, having been propelled there by the force of the explosion.  Approaching the grisly debris, LePage saw additional pieces of flesh scattered across the sidewalk, some wrapped in charred or burning brown paper. He turned to tell Thamssin that what he had seen was nothing so terrible as the butcher's wares, blown across the street by the blast, but when he saw the young anarchist looking green and unable to continue on, he recognized his opportunity. 
Turning toward the building, he pulled the collar of his coat up around his mouth and ran toward the burning butcher’s shop, broken glass and scorched wood crunching under his feet.  
Looking through the broken window, past the charred chickens still hanging there, he saw that the fire inside was sparse.  Taking a step back, he looked up at the building’s second floor, where the flames were escaping through the blown out space where the upper windows had been.
Entirely unsurprised by the anarchists' helplessness, LePage kicked the door off its warped and singed hinges and charged into the burning building.



CHAPTER ELEVEN


As he mounted the staircase inside the burning building, the heat took LePage’s breath away, and he began to suspect that the fire was so powerful that any type of rescue would be impossible.  At the top of the stairs, he found himself on a cramped landing between two doorways.  One of the doors remained intact, and the other had been blown against the far wall.  Without hesitation, he ducked his head and burst through the open doorway into the heart of the fire.  
The room inside seemed as if it might have been designed to incubate an inferno.  It was small, packed tight with storage crates, and it was filled with a black cloud of smoke.  LePage could not discern what the crates contained, as they had caught fire.  The heart of the blaze, however, was located in the corner opposite the door near the holes in the wall where the windows were blown out.  There, in the center of the flames, LePage could see overturned steel canisters and broken glass - the remnants, he recognized, of the vessels that would have contained the components the fools used to manufacture their bomb. 
At the edge of the fire, the body of one of the anarchists lay badly burned.  LePage saw instantly that the young man was dead, but the fire had left his body in such a state that his face was unrecognizable. 
The fire had crept up the walls after the explosion, and the ceiling plaster was now burning in patches. The flames flickered almost at eye level, and coupled with the smoke filling the room, they obstructed LePage's ability to see.  He scanned the room, searching for signs of life.  Peering between two stacks of burning crates, LePage caught a glimpse of a pair of legs splayed across the floor.  Ducking his head and covering his mouth and nose with his sleeve, he made his way across the room, mindful of the floorboards creaking underfoot.  LePage had seen more than one building burn, and he was aware that floors and roofs could collapse without warning if a fire destroyed any of the crucial supporting structures. 
The figure on the floor was turned away from LePage, so he could not determine if the young man to whom the splayed legs belonged was still alive.  Stepping lightly, he moved closer and pushed firmly on the man's shoulder with his boot, causing the man to slump onto his back.  He was not breathing.  His upturned face was covered with blood from a head wound LePage guessed he had suffered during the explosion.  It was not apparent whether the blow to the head or the smoke killed the young anarchist, whose name, in the excitement, LePage did not recall.
Stepping back from the body, LePage was acutely conscious of the heat in the room.  It seemed to be growing hotter with every moment he spent inside the building.  Resigning himself to being too late to effect any sort of rescue, he resolved to get out of the building before he found himself trapped and doomed to the young men’s fates.  Standing, he made his way back toward the door as flaming chunks of plaster began to fall around him.  Before he reached the doorway, however, he saw something that forced him to stop completely in the center of the burning room.
In the corner nearest the door, another young man was slumped against the floorboards, his face turned toward the flames.  LePage recognized him immediately as Maly, one of the group’s senior members.  Maly was not conscious, but LePage could not determine if the younger man was living or dead.  
Forgetting himself for a moment, LePage took a quick step toward Maly, but the loud creaking of the floor underfoot froze him in place.  Standing motionless for a moment, LePage could feel the heat of the floor radiating up through the soles of his shoes and radiating through him as though he were standing on a stovetop.  He knew that he had little time remaining to safely escape the building, but the potential of rescuing Maly from certain death was an opportunity to rare to resist.
Moving quickly, but lightly, he crossed the hot floorboards and put a hand in front of Maly’s bloodied face when he reached the young man.  After a long moment, he felt Maly's breath against his palm.  Not hesitating another moment, he grasped the young man under his arms and prepared to hoist him onto his shoulder.  Before he could lift Maly, however, the floor shook and splintered into shards beneath him, and he stumbled to his knees.  
Steadying himself on the precipice of the hole that had opened up in the floor before him, he watched as Maly began to slide, slowly but steadily, across the floor.  Leaning forward as far he dared, LePage grabbed the man's arm to stop his slide toward the singed hole that had opened up between them and the doorway through which LePage had entered the room. 
A shock of adrenaline shot through LePage, who knew that he had seconds, rather than minutes, to make his escape.  The floor's support structure had burned, and the hole that had opened up when the floor had buckled and broke in the center of the room did not represent the final state of the damage.  In moments, the unsupported weight of the floor would stress the remainder of the floor to its breaking point, and it would collapse inward like a novice chef’s failed soufflé.  
Leaning over the hole where the floor had already collapsed, LePage peered through the rising cloud of black smoke and saw that while the drop wasn't significant, a pile of burning shards of wood lay about the floor directly below.  Looking across the tear in the floor toward the doorway, he calculated its width and saw in an instant that he would not be able to jump across it, let alone carry Maly there. 
Taking a deep breath of hot, smoke-filled air, he hoisted Maly over his shoulder, and turned toward the opposite side of the room, knowing that if their combined weight became too much for the ruined floor to support, they would fall through it despite his taking the most delicate of steps. 
Ducking through the flames, LePage ignored the shrieks the strained and baking floorboards shouted out with his every step, and he made his way to the blown-out windows on the far wall.  Reaching the gaping and jagged opening that had been the nearest window, he leaned out and gulped a deep breath of clean, night air.  Looking down at the street below him, LePage did not see Thamssin, but his eye lit upon the row of vendor's tarp-covered carts lining the sidewalk below.  Knowing he had no time to formulate any other plan of action, he leaned Maly out the window and dropped him onto the cart parked directly below.  Without waiting to see how Maly landed, he followed the young man out the window and leapt to the cart on the street with the roar and crack of the fire still reverberating in his ears.
He landed hard in a cart he felt was fortunate to be loaded with apples rather than something less forgiving.  Lying on his back, he stared up at the sky for a moment, but the fingers of flame and cloud of smoke billowing out from the window above obstructed the stars above from his view.  Taking another breath of clean air, he smelled the sharp sweetness of the apples he crushed as he’d landed.  Eagerly, he drew the apple-scented air in through his nostrils, letting the scent cleanse his sinuses of the caustic soot he’d been breathing inside the building.  After a few deep breaths, he became aware of a pain in his side where he’d landed and hoped he hadn't broken a rib. 
Turning toward the unconscious Maly, he touched the young man's neck to verify that he'd survived the fall.  His pulse was weak, but steady.  In the distance, he heard the clanging bell that signaled the approach of the fire brigade.  Smiling to himself, he fell back onto the apples and waited.   



Patrick and Veronique had spent a frustrating afternoon in the basement archive beneath the offices of Le Soleil.  They had found no references to secret societies or politically influential German countesses in the dusty pages of the paper’s past issues, and when they had finally conceded defeat, they admitted to one another that they were not experienced archivists and that they might need assistance if they were going to uncover any type of useful information. 
By the time they emerged from the basement archive, Mougenot had returned from his appointment.  Veronique had slipped effortlessly back into her blushing debutante persona and charmed the deluded newspaperman until he offered to arrange for them to meet his much older and married counterpart at the offices of Le Temps the following day.  Le Temps was a much larger newspaper than Le Soleil, and while the managing editor was too busy to see them personally, he had made available to them a clerk named Darbon, who offered to assist them in their research.  
Darbon was younger than five and twenty and had immediately fallen prey to Veronique’s charms.  She had introduced Patrick as her cousin, a classification that Patrick immediately disliked, and she had explained that Patrick was attempting to discover information about a secret society in which a late relative had been a member.  At the mention of their interest in secret societies, Darbon had immediately referred them to a city reporter named Gaspar Le Gall.    
They found Monsieur Le Gall in a tiny, windowless chamber on the topmost floor of the newspaper's offices.  The room, which was too small to be honestly called an office, was furnished with a small desk and a rickety bookshelf creaking under the weight of stacks of books and old newspapers.  More papers were piled precariously in each corner of the room, and at the center of this tinderbox sat M. Le Gall, a slight, twitchy man with a baldpate and graying temples. 
Le Gall was a city reporter with many years of experience, but few major stories to his credit.  Upon appearing in his doorway, Veronique greeted him with a level of enthusiasm more commonly reserved for foreign dignitaries.  In response, Le Gall looked up from his work at the beautiful, impeccably dressed young woman standing in his doorway with a stupefied expression.
 “We are looking for information regarding a secret society in which my cousin’s father might have been a member,” she explained.  “M. Darbon thought you might be able to assist us.” 
Le Gall's face darkened. “I'm very busy.  Tell Darbon that he's very amusing, but I don't have time for his tomfoolery.”
Veronique and Patrick exchanged a glance.  “I don't know anything about any 'tomfoolery,' Monsieur,” she attempted.  “M. Dupuy’s father recently passed away, and he has only just learned that his grandfather was a member of a society in Paris during his life.  We're very interested in learning about the nature of this particular order.”
“There have been many societies in Paris,” Le Gall said, turning back to his desk.  “I don't concern myself with keeping an historical inventory.” 
“This one used the signs of the Zodiac as designations for its twelve members,” Patrick said, speaking for the first time. 
Veronique glanced at Patrick, signaling her irritation with his impatience, but Patrick immediately knew he had spoken the right words when Le Gall spun in his creaky swivel chair to stare at him.  
“How did you hear about this society’s dealings?” Le Gall asked. 
Patrick shrugged.  “It appears to be family legend.” 
“What sign was your grandfather assigned?” Le Gall asked. 
“The fish,” Patrick replied without hesitation.
“Then he must have been a junior member,” Le Gall said, without judgment.  He jumped from his chair with a sudden burst of energy and retrieved a thick book from the top of the file cabinet behind him.  Clearing space on his cluttered desk, he placed the book down with deliberate delicacy and opened it. 
The volume was a kind of scrapbook with yellowed newspaper clippings dating back more than thirty years pasted in its pages.  The margins and the backs of the pages were covered in hand-written notes in a sloppy, crooked scrawl.  Most of the pages at the back of the book contained articles referencing the sudden resignation of President Casimir-Perrier and the unexpected election of his successor Felix Faure.  Le Gall flipped through his book, past more clippings with headlines referencing the Siege of Paris, the Paris Commune, and Adolphe Thiers.  Stopping at a brief article mentioning the popularity of astrology and the occult in Paris society, he grunted, “See that?” 
Without waiting for a response, he turned more pages until he stopped at an article discussing the elections of 1873 and pointed at a photograph of voters lined up outside the Palais Bourbon.  Pointing with a thin, ink-spotted finger, he directed Veronique’s and Patrick's attention to a chalk drawing on one of the columns in the center of the Palais's north portico.  The photograph was blurry, but Patrick could discern the distinctive, curled “V” shape of the sign of Aries the ram scrawled on the column.    
Veronique shot an inquisitive glance at Patrick, but he merely turned back to looking over LeGall’s shoulder. 
“What do these clippings have to do with my father's society?” he asked the newspaperman.
Le Gall’s eyes were bright with excitement, but his voice was low when he responded.  “I have been looking into rumors of a secret society in Paris for more than five years,” he replied.  “Not just any fraternal order, but a society of privileged members of Parisian society utilizing astrology and mysticism to influence national affairs.”
“Utilizing astrological signs as designations is one thing,” Veronique said, her voice dubious. She had sized up Le Gall and inferred the best manner in which to approach him.  Accordingly, she had dropped her flirtatious persona and adopted one of aloof skepticism.  “But utilizing astrology and mysticism to any kind of practical effect is simply too much.”
Le Gall smiled at her.  “Whether or not we choose to believe that their practices have practical effect, the members of this mystical order believe them to.  And they are not the only ones.”  He stood and approached the bookshelf near where Patrick stood, retrieving several battered and creased volumes.  One of the books was a French translation of Schopenhaeur.  Another was a slight monograph entitled On the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn.  The third was an issue of a periodical, printed in German, of something called the Metaphysische Rundschau.  “The English have similar societies that seek to employ alchemy and extra-sensory practices.  The Germans, as is their wont, have taken such practices even farther, harboring the Knights Templar and exploring Satanism.”
Patrick had himself heard mentions of fashionable Parisian men and women staging séances and astrological readings at salons, but he understood these activities to be simple entertainments.  Why the Order’s eleven powerful members would indulge in such nonsense was a mystery to him.  He could not imagine LePage doing so, as LePage was possibly the least mystical or spiritual man he had ever met.  
“Perhaps such fads have taken root here in France as well,” Patrick said.  “How do these esoteric interests translate to the kind of political influence your clippings appear to imply?”
“It is dangerous to dismiss the underlying practices so quickly,” Le Gall responded.  “I am no mystic myself, but I can find very few explanations for the immense degree of power and influence wielded by the Order of Twelve men your grandfather seems to have been involved with.”  Patrick could hear the capitalization two of these words in Le Gall’s voice as he spoke them.   
“I’ve never heard of such an Order, or of their purported influences,” Veronique said.  
“No one has,” Le Gall shot back.  “That is one of the more mysterious aspects of this society.  They are deeply involved in national affairs, but they have managed over the course of at least forty years to remain entirely secret.”
“How is it you’ve discovered so much about this organization, then?” Patrick asked.  
“Much of my knowledge is based on the account of a young priest who heard the deathbed confession of a member named Victor Guillemont,” the reporter said.  “But I have spent countless hours investigating this society’s activities in recent times, making me quite possibly the foremost expert on the topic.”
Patrick spared a glance at Veronique, eyeing the skeptical wrinkle in her brow closely to determine if it was sincere or adopted for Le Gall’s benefit.  Patrick was beginning to fear that they had made a mistake coming to Le Gall, and that he risked betraying himself or the Order to this obsessed reporter by merely inquiring into the subject of the society’s existence. Looking closely at Veronique, he saw that her eyes were alight with the excitement of having new information about the mysterious Order; however, he knew from her expression that there was no way for him to turn back.  
“What else can you tell us about this Order, Monsieur?” he asked Le Gall.



CHAPTER TWELVE


Having suffered through more than his share of these sorts of meetings, LePage was no longer irritated by the tired slogans and fantastical rhetoric employed by the delusional anarchists.  It helped that he had become sufficiently inured to these exchanges that he no longer had to listen to the words to follow along.  Instead, he focused his attention in more useful ways, like examining the faces of the bitter working class men who attended these meetings as they listened to the self-serious student idealists who did most of the talking.  Over time, he had developed an eye for the facial expressions and body language of the sort of true believers who could be useful to him.
Sitting in his seat at the meeting held in the kitchen of a bakery on the Rue Saint Jacques, LePage listened without interest as Thamssin stood in front of the large ovens at the far end of the room, railing against the establishment and decrying their irresponsible practices.  
“I am constantly hearing talk of how France has entered a golden age,” Thammsin was saying.  “And for the indolent members of the bourgeoisie I’m sure that it is.  They are enjoying the fruits of the working class’s labors, but for the rest of us this era does not have any luster . . .” 
As Thamssin continued on in this vain, LePage shifted his attention to a young stevedore named Mauvoisin who sat on top of a stack of flour sacks to LePage’s left.  LePage knew the young man, who was muttering with displeasure as he listened to Thamssin’s speech.  Mauvoisin was among the men the group’s leadership had brought to him for recruitment.  He was a particularly angry sort of revolutionary, rash and quick to urge violence.  Before that evening’s meeting, LePage had arranged to run into Mauvoisin as he departed his day’s shift at the docks, and as they fell in together to walk to the modest bakery to attend the meeting, LePage had alluded to the events surrounding his rescue of Maly from the burning boucherie at Les Halles.  
The talk of exploding bombs and burning buildings had captivated Mauvoisin, who had insisted that LePage relate every detail to him.  When LePage described the way he was compelled to charge into the building to rescue the inept members of the group’s leadership who’d blown themselves up, Mauvoisin had cursed their squandering of precious explosive materials.  LePage had noted the man’s receptive attitude and merely lamented the seemingly aimless manner in which the students who led the group were guiding them toward their goals.  His classification of the group’s leaders as ”students” had the intended effect on Mauvoisin.  He grumbled about the class-based hierarchy within the group and adopted the same coarse, resentful demeanor he now bore as Thamssin mentioned the names of the two men who'd exploded themselves out of existence in the rooms above the butcher’s shop.
Upon hearing a reference of the incident, LePage turned to Mauvoisin and favored him with an expression that was as dubious as it was dismissive of Thamssin’s explanation.  When the young stevedore leapt out of his seat and cut Thamssin off in mid-sentence, LePage had only to sit back in his seat and watch. 
“How many more good men will be asked to make the same sacrifice before changes are made?” Mauvoisin demanded. 
“I beg your pardon, Monsieur -” Thamssin responded. 
“You cannot have it,” Mauvoisin replied.  “Those men were engaged in important work, as you know all too well. Now we've lost their contributions as well as the product of their labors.  How much longer will we have to wait before we can get the attention of the people and focus it on what needs to be done?”
“What happened was an unfortunate accident -” Thamssin began, visibly irritated by the outburst. 
“Yes, and the Café Floret was an unfortunate failure of execution -” Mauvoisin responded, but he was cut off before he could go any further by the voices of several young, bearded men seated at the front of the room. Specific discussions of bombings and the like were not acceptable topics of conversation in open meetings such as this one, and Mauvoisin had gone farther than the group’s student leaders wished to permit.  Several of the workingmen at the back of the room shouted the students down, however, and voiced their support for Mauvoisin to be heard. 
“I do not wish to speak indiscreetly,” Mauvoisin said once he'd regained the floor. “I merely wish to have a frank discussion about a shift in direction that might enable our brothers to further the cause without unnecessary sacrifices.”
“Do you feel that you are better qualified to lead us in our mission?” Thamssin said, his voice cool, but the intensity in his eyes elevating his words to the status of an overt challenge.  “This work is arduous.  It is not something that can be done in one’s off hours.”
LePage glanced at Mauvoisin to determine how he would respond to this condescending reference to his position as a day laborer.
“Of that I have no doubt,” Mauvoisin responded.  “The educated men among us should be the ones to lead, but there are other members of the academy in our membership whose abilities are not being utilized.”
LePage stared directly ahead at Thamssin’s grim features and tried to suppress a smile.  He had known when he jumped out of that burning building that his rescuing Maly from the fire would escalate his standing within the group, but he had not anticipated that his rise to prominence would unfold so quickly or easily.     
“Professor LePage is sitting on my right,” Mauvoisin continued.  “Beyond the courage and commitment he demonstrated in charging into a burning building to save his brothers, he has proven himself a man with formidable skills and abilities.  I propose he be considered as a replacement for M. Maly on the committee, and ask that he offer us any guidance or assistance he can to further the cause.” 
Thamssin opened his mouth, but his voice was drowned out by a chorus of cheers from the working men at the rear of the kitchen, men to whom the story of LePage’s daring rescue was far more appealing than any politically-charged rhetoric Thamssin could have offered. 
Emboldened by the raucous response his proposal had received, Mauvoisin tugged on LePage's sleeve and motioned for him to rise.  Standing with a practiced degree of reluctance that would not be misinterpreted as hesitation, LePage rose to his feet and nodded graciously toward Mauvisin.  Turning toward the front of the room, he nodded once more in the direction of Thamssin's hard-set features and clenched his jaw before addressing the room.



Meeting for dinner at Le Grand Vefour had been Patrick's idea.  As a result of his duties at the Chamber of Deputies, he had not seen Veronique in three days.  When she had suggested they meet in another dusty, basement archive at a city newspaper, he'd responded with the suggestion that they meet over dinner instead. 
Le Grand Vefour was far from discreet.  Located in the arcade of the Palais Royal across the Rue de Rivoli from the north wing of the Louvre, it was among the most fashionable eateries in the nation.  Upon arriving, Veronique displayed no hint of reluctance to be seen in his company in the bustling restaurant.  Patrick was discouraged to find, however, that she seemed immune to the effect the restaurant’s grand, neoclassical trappings had on most patrons.  From the moment they were seated under a glittering chandelier, her only concern was settling into a discussion of what she had learned about the Order in the course of her research.  As he took in the image of her finely-arranged hair and delicate features, framed against the backdrop of the mirrored and gilded wall panels, Patrick’s thoughts could not have been farther from the history and make-up of the Order, and he could hardly recall why the subject of their research had ever seemed so important to him.  
“There is such a rich history of speculation about societies like this one that it's difficult to separate facts from legend,” she told him, her eyes alight with excitement.  Patrick sipped the Montlouis he’d ordered, but Veronique’s glass had sat untouched since being poured by the sommelier.  “It seems that at least one such society has existed since the First Republic, possibly in reaction to the Revolution.  There's little evidence that they are actually engaged in any occult practices, however.  All this business about astrology and mystic forces appears to be nothing more than the traditional trappings the Order uses to create a cloud of mystery to mask their true activities, which are clearly political in nature.”
“That is in keeping with what I’ve observed,” he said, holding his wine up to the light in an effort to remind her that they were at dinner.
“Well, you'll recall that M. LeGall was convinced the Order was behind the resignation of President Perrier and the election of Faure as his successor. I've seen more than one -”
She cut herself off, her eyes wide as they followed a group of three diners taking their seats across the restaurant from them.  Patrick followed her gaze and saw LePage entering with an attractive woman closer to Patrick's age than LePage's.  An older man with graying hair and a white beard accompanied the couple. 
 “What is he doing having dinner with Georges Barbier?” Patrick asked.
“It's perfectly ordinary,” she said.  “For a man to dine with his wife and father-in-law.”
“LePage is married to Senator Barbier's daughter?” Patrick said, turning in his seat and staring rudely at the couple as they opened their menus. 
“How is it possible that you did not know that?” she asked with what sounded like genuine curiosity.  Patrick had no answer for her. Patrick knew of Senator Barbier, a moderate republican who was a common topic of conversation in political circles as a likely candidate for president.  Many saw him as the safest choice to unite France in the new century. 
“It’s clearly a political marriage,” Veronique said, looking at the LePages in a more discreet manner than Patrick had managed. 
“How do you know?” Patrick asked.
“Look at them,” she shrugged. “It's plainly obvious they did not marry for love.  And given his involvement in this Order of yours, it makes perfect sense.”
Patrick eyed Veronique closely, trying to gauge her level of knowledge on this particular subject.  “What else do you know about him?” he asked. 
“M. LePage is no ordinary professor,” she told him, her mouth alight with the hint of a smile.  Patrick could see how she relished unveiling the fruits of her research to him.  “He is an academic of no discernible distinction, yet he has been appointed to prestigious posts at both Frederick William University in Berlin and the University of Paris.  Prior to achieving his degree at La Sorbonne, however, he was an officer in the Army, having enlisted at the age of ten and five.  Prior to his enlistment, he’d been a resident of the Saint Denis Home for Boys after his father died in the Battle of Sedan and his mother died of cholera during the Prussian War.”
“An orphan,” Patrick said.
“Precisely.  Does that sound like the sort of background that enables one to obtain a position on the faculty of the leading university in Paris?” 
“What does that prove?” Patrick asked.  Veronique knew the truth about the Order, but he had not yet divulged what he knew about LePage’s position within the Intelligence Directorate to her.
“Nothing,” she shrugged.  “It’s like everything else about this mysterious Order.  There are few verifiable facts, but what is known is suspicious, leaving us to draw our own inferences.  But LePage’s biography is very unusual. He was on a path to a military career, yet he finds himself in academia, where he can apply none of the skills he acquired during his youth in the military service.  Not to mention his presence within the Order.  Everyone else you’ve identified is a member of the national government or a leader of industry.”
“How have you been able to learn all of this so quickly?” he asked, eager to use the pause in their conversation necessitated by a waiter’s placing a plate of snails in front of him to move the conversation away from the subject of LePage’s true nature. 
Veronique shrugged and took her first sip of wine.  “I know my way around public documents.  I spent a great deal of time reviewing the investigative files surrounding my parents' murders.”
Patrick froze in place, uncertain as to how to respond to her blunt reference to that tragedy. 
“It's fine,” she reassured him.  “It's not something I avoid speaking about. As you know, the crime was never solved. In the years since, I've read every investigative document, and I've formed my own theories about why they were killed.”
Patrick looked at her expectantly, permitting her to decide if this line of discussion would continue, or if the subject would be changed.
“But that’s a story for a less pleasant backdrop,” she said, taking in the restaurant’s ornate trappings for possibly the first time since their arrival.  “Let me tell you what else I’ve learned about this strange society you’ve joined.”



CHAPTER THIRTEEN


LePage had been standing outside the back door of Rousseau's bookshop for so long that he was beginning to feel the rain soaking through his coat and shirt.  He did not, however, repeat his knock.  Without exception, he signaled his arrival at that door with four quick raps in succession, followed by a short, fifth knock.  He never repeated the sequence twice. 
The rear wall of the shop opened into a tight alley with a dead end.  The reason he had drawn so close to the worn, pockmarked door had less to do with remaining undetected by an unlikely passerby and more to do with his attempt to seek some degree of shelter under the short length of roof that overhung the building's brick wall.  When the door finally opened, Rousseau did not greet him. Instead, he merely pulled the door ajar, then turned and walked back the way he'd come down the narrow hallway lined with over-stuffed bookshelves. 
“I had to shoo the day's final customer out the door,” he remarked over his shoulder, more by way of explanation than apology.
LePage closed the door behind him and followed Rousseau down the hallway, noting the smell of dust and old paper as it hung heavy in the damp air.  When he reached the end of the hallway, he turned into the cramped back office.  Finding the room empty, he sat in one of the threadbare chairs opposite Rousseau's desk and waited.  A moment later, he smelled the hot, rich smell of coffee that announced Rousseau's approach from the small kitchen adjacent to the shop's storeroom. 
Entering the room, Rousseau handed LePage a cup and saucer.  The coffee was so hot LePage had to wait several moments before safely tasting it.  Still, it felt good to hold the cup in his chilled hands while he waited for Rousseau to settle into the horseshoe-backed chair behind the desk. 
Once seated, Rousseau immediately opened one of the desk’s lower drawers and produced from within it the bottle of Martel cognac he kept stored there.  Wordlessly, he held the bottle over the desk in an offer to LePage, who shook his head in response.  Rousseau immediately returned the bottle to the drawer and settled his attention on LePage. 
“It's done,” LePage began, unprompted. “I am now a duly elected member of the committee in charge of bomb-throwing and general mayhem.”
Rousseau nodded mildly, as if he'd expected nothing else.  “When will you get the honor of an introduction to their benefactor?”
“I discussed it with Thamssin -”
Rousseau sighed at the mention of the man’s name.  He and LePage were of one opinion with regards to the young man, who had few qualities to recommend himself.  Even by the standards of his fellow anarchists, he was naïve and inept.  More significantly, he was paranoid and insecure, which traits made him a difficult obstacle to LePage's mission to manipulate the organization for his own ends. 
“He insists that their benefactor’s true identity is unknown to any of their members,” LePage continued.  “His instructions, funds, and equipment are delivered without exception by intermediaries.” 
“Can they identify the intermediaries?” Rousseau asked. 
LePage shook his head.  “They accept the word of these buffers that they are couriers. They don't even ask for the names anymore.”
Rousseau smiled tightly, and LePage could see his thoughts play across his face.  This was not the first time Rousseau wondered how a group as naive as this one could have caused them so many difficulties. 
“When is the next -” he began to ask. 
“They are scheduled to receive replacement materials this week to rebuild the bombs they lost in the explosion at Les Halles. “
“Do they know the target?” Rousseau asked.
“They claim that they do not,” LePage said.  “I believe Thamssin has an idea, but the others seem to be genuinely in the dark.”
“Do we have any way of compelling Thamssin to enlighten us as to what he knows?”
“I have several ideas,” LePage replied instantly.  “But I fear that any method I might employ would likely jeopardize my newly-acquired standing within the group.”
Rousseau sat back in his chair, quietly considering their available options while LePage patiently drank the rest of his coffee. 
“You'll need to track this courier, of course,” Rousseau said after a moment.  “Strictly surveillance. Determine who he is, and identify to whom he answers.  We don't know what type of organization he might represent, so you'll need some assistance.”
LePage shrugged.
“I'll send Ferriere to shadow you,” Rousseau began. “But I think a third man is prudent.”  Leaning forward in his seat, he added, “Take M. Dupuy with you.”
LePage sat up in his chair.  “That's out of the question.  He's a dilettante, and this could be a key lead.” 
“I have every confidence that you can prevent him from putting the operation at risk.”
“This is not the time to put recruitment at the top of our list of priorities,” LePage said, understanding Rousseau’s interest in the young man without having to be told.
Rousseau eyed LePage closely.  “He could be a strong asset to us, if he were fully committed.  Since he returned from Countess Estampe’s salon, he's been scurrying about the city with the lovely Mademoiselle Deschamps trying to research the background and history of the Order of Twelve.”
“Is that a fact?” LePage asked, surprised.  Whatever the young man’s deficiencies, he was both sharp enough to harbor suspicions about the Order and sufficiently curious to undertake an investigation into its true nature.  
“Your position in the Order gives us few returns if you are unable to direct their policy,” Rousseau said.  LePage opened his mouth to respond, but Rousseau waived him off.  “I know you do the best anyone could be expected to, but if you had an ally within the Order, your job could be that much easier.  We’d be foolish to pass on the chance to win the young man to our side by including him in an operation in which you’ve already involved him.” 
LePage sighed and set the coffee cup and saucer on the edge of the desk.  “I merely used him to deflect suspicion away from me after the café bombing was averted,” he said.
“And a fine job of it you did,” Rousseau replied.  “They immediately started following him around the city, and he almost missed his rendezvous with the Countess as a result.”
“They’re through with all that,” LePage responded.  “After the explosion in Les Halles, they’re far too preoccupied to worry about him anymore.”
“Then I see no reason not to involve him in our efforts,” Rousseau said with a tone of finality that informed LePage that their meeting had come to an end.



Every Saturday, without exception, Veronique attended temple at the Synagogue Nazareth.  She was not zealously religious in any concrete way, but she enjoyed the ritual experience of the service.  She arrived early each Saturday, sat in the same pew in which she'd sat with her parents as a girl, and listened to the rabbi's words and readings as if listening to a familiar piece of music.  As she made her way to and from the synagogue in the Third Arrondissement each weekend, she held her head high as if in challenge to any gentile members of society who might look down on her as a result of her Jewish heritage.   
When this morning's service concluded, she made her way to the aisle and followed the crowd of worshipers toward the exit.  Outside, she strolled, as was her custom in hospitable weather, down the Rue du Temple south through Le Marais in the direction of her parents’ home in the city’s Jewish quarter.  Her pace was slow, her bearing relaxed, leaving no question in the mind of any passerby that she was in no hurry to return home unnoticed.  
“Good morning, Mademoiselle,” came a familiar voice from close behind her as she walked.  She turned to look over her shoulder and saw Gerard Modot following behind her. 
“Good morning, M. Modot,” she returned, making no attempt to hide her surprise.  “What brings you to Le Marais?”
“I have a business luncheon to attend at the Hôtel de Soubise with some foreign buyers from St. Petersburg,” he replied.  Veronique noted to herself that he did not ask her the same question.  She recognized that he believed he was being polite in not mentioning her religion, and she suppressed her irritation with his attitude because of her understanding that he believed he was doing her a kindness.  
“Well, I am happy to see you,” she said.  “I must thank you again for the information you provided me.  There most certainly was some sort of stockpiling occurring in my warehouses, but as yet, we have not caught anyone attempting to smuggle the surplus out.”
“Perhaps they know you’ve been alerted to the scheme,” he suggested.  “If I can be of any help to you, please let me know.”  He offered her a warm smile.  She liked Monsieur Modot, and as a result of her fondness for him, he was the only man outside the company from whom she would accept advice.  While nearly every older gentleman she encountered, either in business or in her personal life, attempted to advise her in the operation of her parents' company, the investment of the company's proceeds, or the method by which she should go about obtaining a husband to address these issues on her behalf, M. Modot only offered her counsel about specific issues of which he recognized she had little knowledge.  He knew she relied upon the company’s board to manage its day to day operations, and he always treated her kindly and with a fatherly level of affection. 
“M. Jacob continues to press the company's officers, including myself, into contemplating a sale,” she said, having been reminded of an issue upon which she knew that she and Modot shared a common opinion. 
“The man may press anyone he likes,” Modot said as they passed a row of bakeries and kosher butchers.  “But you are not merely a corporate officer.  You are the company’s majority shareholder and principal owner.”
His characterization of her standing within the company was, more or less, accurate.  Upon her parents' deaths, her father's ownership interest in the company he founded had passed to her, and, as a result, her role within the company was unassailable.  She had, however, been only fourteen years of age at the time of her parents' murders.  Accordingly, her interest in the company had been held in trust until she reached majority, and Pierre Jacob, her father's vice president, had served as acting president during that time.  While she had assumed her rightful place within the corporation upon coming of age, the company's day-to-day operation continued to be managed by Jacob and the other corporate officers. 
Veronique believed Jacob to be a good and honest man, but he'd known her since she was a small child, and he had difficulty accepting her as his superior.  He genuinely fretted about the long-term prospects of the company, specifically because the company had seen a reduction in production in the years since her father's death.  She knew he had long believed the best course of action available to the shareholders – including Veronique – would be to sell the company off in pieces to its competitors for the highest cash price.  To date, Veronique had been unwilling to consider such an idea.
“He feels the company depreciates each year,” she mused aloud. 
“If he feels he is the first officer on a sinking ship,” Modot replied.  “I would invite him to sell his shares in the company.  Your firm manufactures weapons, and France has been lazy about making war in recent years.  Such a dereliction of duties is contrary to her nature, however, and we won't have to endure this peaceful interlude forever.”  This last he said with his usual light and playful air, but his sentiment was sincere.  She agreed that France would eventually find itself at war with one of her neighbors again – most likely with Germany – and when that unfortunate conflict arose, her family's company would be poised to arm the nation's fighting men.
They continued walking, Veronique steering them toward the neoclassical facade of the Hôtel de Soubise.  So comfortable was she with Modot's council that she asked, without a second thought, “M. Modot, do you have any knowledge about an organization referred to as the Order of Twelve?”
He gave her a bemused look, and his face told her instantly that he had none.
“Is this a religious order you are considering joining?” he asked, somewhat delicately. 
She smiled.  “It's nothing. An old professional organization that recently came to my attention,” she lied. 
Modot smiled and asked, “Are you still interested in those gentlemen you inquired about?”
Veronique eyes snapped focused on his, seeing he had connected the two topics.  “Very much so, Monsieur.  Perhaps now more than ever.”



CHAPTER FOURTEEN


Standing outside the southeastern face of the university and trying to appear inconspicuous, Patrick was acutely aware that he was out of his depth, but the sensation was one he'd become accustomed to since his induction into the Order of Twelve. 
LePage had admitted himself into Patrick's rooms early that morning while Patrick was still reading the morning editions over breakfast.  When he'd seen that LePage was not alone, he had recognized that he was unlikely to attend the afternoon's scheduled votes in the Chamber and resigned himself to whatever adventure the day held in store for him.  
LePage had not taken the time to introduce his companion, but Patrick immediately recognized the thick man in the thin coat and scuffed shoes as the man who'd accosted him in the rain and escorted him to Galande Books the night he'd been pursued by Veronique’s agents through the rain on the Left Bank.
“M. Ferriere,” Patrick said.  “A pleasure to see you in more hospitable conditions.”
Ferriere said nothing. 
“We have an errand to run, and your presence could be of assistance,” LePage said in the irritated and impatient tone he reserved, it had come to seem, exclusively for addressing Patrick. 
“Are you asking for my help?” Patrick asked. 
“No,” LePage replied. 
Patrick sighed and moved to follow LePage and Ferriere down the stairs.
“You'd better bring your revolver,” LePage said as Patrick had risen from his seat.  “Just to be safe.”
Fearing the answer, Patrick had not asked why he would need to arm himself in the middle of the day.  The revolver was now sitting heavily in the inside breast pocket of his coat.  He was seated on a bench on the Rue Cujas, watching the side door of a university building.  The dome of the Sorbonne's main edifice was visible to his left, and to his right the street opened out into the city.  Along the thoroughfare, Patrick knew, waited Ferriere and LePage, who were stationed waiting for his signal to indicate which direction to follow.
Patrick was holding a copy of Le Temps, but he could not fairly be characterized as reading it.  His attention remained fixed on the door through which, nearly ten minutes ago, he'd watched a young man in a tweed coat and gray cap carry two crates of average size and, by all appearances, substantial weight.  
LePage had informed Patrick that the anarchist Thamssin was in the basement of the building, accepting the young man’s delivery with two of his like-minded confederates.  LePage, in his guise as professor, had arranged the delivery on campus, and while Patrick understood that Thamssin and the other anarchist leaders were aware that LePage intended to track the courier to gain information about the organization's secret benefactor, none of the anarchists were supposed to participate in the effort.  LePage did not seem to consider Thamssin a threat to Patrick, but his lack of concern did nothing to curb Patrick’s anxiety.  Patrick was beginning to wonder if he might not be better off finding his way around the Chamber and the mysterious Order of Twelve without LePage and Rousseau as his advisor and mentor, respectively. 
When the door to the campus building reopened, Patrick's heart jumped in his chest.  The courier in the gray cap emerged into the afternoon sun alone and with nothing in his arms.  Without a second’s hesitation, the courier turned toward the street.  
Patrick waited, as instructed, for a count of ten.  His instinct compelled him to jump to his feet and follow at the courier's heels, but LePage had advised him to resist that urge.  His blood racing through his chest and head, Patrick completed the count and rose to his feet.  He then stepped stiffly, but without any visible haste, toward the street and followed the courier at a measured distance. 
When the courier reached the Boulevard St. Michelle, he turned left without hesitation.  Patrick followed, maintaining his distance.  At the corner, he summoned the will to force himself to stop, crumple the newspaper in his hands, and toss it into a bin on the corner with his left hand.  This action signaled to LePage and Ferriere, both of whom were watching from some unseen vantage point, that the courier had turned south down the boulevard.  Had the courier turned north toward the river, Patrick would have executed an alternate signal by folding the newspaper crisply and tucking it under his right arm.
Patrick waited at the corner for an excruciatingly long moment, allowing the courier to advance among his fellow pedestrians down the boulevard.  As the young man moved away, however, Patrick maintained unblinking visual contact with his gray cap, and before the courier passed out of his line of sight, he began to follow.
By executing the signal, Patrick had enabled LePage and Ferriere to arrange themselves in an advantageous position from which to follow the young man without being noticed. Having executed the signal, Patrick was aware that his role was now redundant, but he was content to play a supporting part in a production featuring anarchist bombers.  
There were a sufficient number of people on the sidewalk that Patrick had to weave and duck his head to keep his eyes on the courier.  He did not see either LePage or Ferriere until the courier approached the intersection of the Rue Monsieur Le Prince.  Glancing around in anticipation of the young man’s darting up or down the cross street, Patrick caught sight of Ferriere on the opposite sidewalk, at least twenty paces ahead of the courier.  Ferriere’s manner was thoroughly changed from that he'd displayed in Patrick's room earlier in the day.  He was strolling with no apparent destination, his hands in his pockets, and looking about him at the buildings and shop windows like a country farmer on his first walk through Paris.  The act was so convincing, Patrick almost failed to recognize the man, but now that he had, he saw that Ferriere was using his constant, gape-mouthed staring about the street to subtly confirm the courier's presence behind and across the street from him. 
Patrick had no way of knowing where LePage might be, but he assumed LePage was using the cross streets and alleys to follow the courier and Ferriere without being seen.  Patrick continued to trail the young man in the gray cap, mindful that the courier could sprint off into the crowd at any moment without warning.  Ahead, Ferriere crossed Monsieur le Prince without any visible hesitation.  Patrick held his breath while he waited to see if Ferriere’s approach would cause the courier to run, but the young man did not deviate from his path.  After a moment, he joined Ferriere on the opposite side of the cross street, and Patrick exhaled.
Disaster did not strike until Ferriere and the courier approached the Rue Gay-Lussac.  When Patrick reconstructed the series of events later, he would recall that the courier had made no visible signal and had not changed his pace or bearing in any noticeable way as they approached the intersection.
Gay-Lussac crossed the boulevard diagonally, and a fountain with a green sculpture in the ubiquitous style sat at the center of the cross-streets.  The iron fence perimeter of the Jardin du Luxembourg ran along Patrick's right.  The gunshots were fired from the street level, ahead and to Patrick's left. He would later deduce that the shots were fired from under the cover of a street vendor's cart just a handful of meters up Gay-Lussac – a near perfect vantage point from which to ambush a pursuer.
When he heard the first shots fired, Patrick was so dumbfounded that he did not so much as duck.  Had he been the shooter's intended target, he would have died on the sidewalk.  The echo caused by the reports’ bouncing off the surrounding buildings so diffused the sound that he could not at first determine from where the shots were being fired.  The other passersby on the street, however, did not wait for confirmation.  They reacted instantly, crouching to the ground or running in the opposite direction from wherever they had come.  The result was a chaotic mass of foot-traffic as people rushed in opposing directions, some moving away from the shooter, but others unwittingly moving closer to him. 
Patrick looked more through this panicked mass than at it.  When the shots were fired, he had been focused on Ferriere and the courier, determined not to be left behind if either made a sudden turn.  After the first shots rang out, however, Ferriere had dropped to the ground.  Patrick would learn later that he died instantly, shot twice through his chest. 
The courier had reacted to the gunshots like a runner to a starter’s pistol, almost as if he'd been waiting for the reports.  As Ferriere fell, the courier turned to his right, rushing into the cross street, dodging the carriages and carts passing along the thoroughfare, and proceeded directly toward the park. 
Patrick lost sight of the courier at that moment, however, as he was shoved roughly to the sidewalk by LePage. 
“Get down!” LePage shouted as if speaking to a disobedient dog.  Patrick looked up to see him standing over him, his head blocking the sun as he stared up the street toward the source of the gunshots, his revolver in hand. 
“The courier,” Patrick protested, pointing toward the park. 
LePage looked in the direction the courier had run, then glanced back at Patrick.  Patrick could see LePage weighing him, evaluating his abilities, before he said, “I'll provide you cover.  Do not let him get away from you,” with such gravity that Patrick would have believed the fate of the world rested on his capturing the fleeing young man in the gray cap. 
Without another word, LePage was off, running toward the intersection and the shooter's likely position.  The second set of shots were fired from LePage’s pistol, as he shot in the direction of the shooter’s position, either to shoot him down or to force him into a defensive position.  In either case, Patrick recognized his opportunity.
Adrenaline was coursing through Patrick, and he did not hesitate to consider the possibility that he might still be slain by a stray bullet as he chased the courier.  It was not until much later that he realized that LePage had no way of knowing that another shooter wasn't lying in wait in the park, ready to shoot Patrick in his pursuit of the courier. 
Traffic was now stopped in the street, so Patrick was able to cross and reach the fence in half the time it had taken the courier.  When he reached the fence, he struggled at first to mount it.  The black, iron bars were slick, and his shoes had trouble finding purchase.  The fence was not high, however, and the bars were sufficiently close together that he was able to wedge his shoes between them and gain a foothold to propel himself upward and over the top. 
On the other side, Patrick found himself trapped between the fence and the trees that marked the perimeter of the park.  Pulling the branches aside, he was able to see a blur of brown tweed he recognized as the courier running down the path within the park.  Pushing through the trees, he felt the branches scratching his face and pulling at his coat and trousers as he forced himself between them and into the open space of the park.  Across the meticulously manicured expanse of grass within, Patrick saw that the courier had opened up a distance of more than twenty meters ahead of him.  
Patrick took off at a run, his heart racing, but his breath still strong.  He followed the courier without losing ground, and when the courier descended the stone steps that led down into the center of the park, Patrick was able to gain ground.  
The early summer day was beautiful, and, accordingly, the park was dense with visitors.  When his feet hit the gravel expanse surrounding the fountain in front of the Luxembourg Palace, Patrick was forced to weave among the startled park-goers to make progress in his escape.  The crowd blocked his view of the courier, but he was able to track the young man by the disturbance he made among the men and women he shoved and jostled aside as he made his way south toward the more open lawn that ran the length of the gardens.  
Patrick was able to navigate the crowd with greater ease than the courier, as the young man’s progress carved a path for Patrick to follow.  On the far side of the gravel track, he emerged from the throng of park visitors and found himself on the edge of the narrow expanse of lawn that extended from the fountain to the Rue Auguste Comte.  
The courier had re-opened the distance between himself and Patrick, and the young man was now ahead by more than fifty meters.  He had abandoned the center of the lawn, marked by statues and park-goers, and had run to the fenced perimeter of the garden, seeking cover under the overhanging trees planted there.     
Patrick rushed after the young man, remembering as he ran that he was armed.  Drawing the heavy revolver from inside his jacket, he yelled in a hoarse and breathless voice, “Stop, or I'll shoot!”
If the courier heard him, he did not betray any visible indication.  Patrick raised the gun without a great deal of confidence that he would be able to accurately shoot the young man at this distance and while running with his full effort.  Before he could attempt a shot, however, the courier reached the open street at the end of the lawn and Patrick could no longer risk firing and hitting a bystander.  Shoving the gun back into his coat, Patrick ducked his head and sprinted to try to close the gap.
On the Rue de Auguste Comte, panic had not yet descended over the passersby, who were moving along the sidewalk at average speeds.  Patrick was able to close some distance as the courier was forced to navigate the foot traffic, but upon reaching the sidewalk, Patrick was frustrated by the same resistance.
Glancing over his shoulder, he saw that the street to his left was clear, and he jumped off the sidewalk, absently mindful to avoid stepping into the obstacles left there by the passing horses, and followed the courier.  On the open street, he was able to close the gap by several meters.  By the time the courier had turned back onto the Boulevard Saint-Michel and crossed the Rue Herschel, Patrick was forced back onto the sidewalk by an approaching cab.  The courier was less than fifteen meters ahead of him. 
They continued the chase for nearly a full kilometer, Patrick unable to close the gap and starting to feel his wind running out.  He was becoming concerned that he would have to do something drastic to halt the courier’s escape when the courier suddenly ducked off the sidewalk and through an open doorway at the front of a small, black structure on the street. 
An older man with side-whiskers tried to block the courier's passage, shouting something about “closing,” but the courier paid the man no heed.  Patrick, too, ran past the man without a word, wondering what type of shop the courier had led them into before realizing where he was. 
A set of steps led downward, beneath street level. Passing under a stone archway, Patrick read the message inscribed there: 

Stop, this is the empire of death.



CHAPTER FIFTEEN


Patrick rushed down the stone steps, his lungs burning, his breath dry and hoarse in his throat.  He felt near exhaustion, a full and complete form of expenditure he had never previously approached.  During the last stretch of sidewalk, with his feet throbbing screams of outraged pain from inside his shoes and his heart thumping higher and harder in his chest, he had come to understand an irrefutable truth:  he had a finite supply of energy within him, and no matter how determined he remained to keep the courier within his sight, he could not maintain such a pace much longer. 
Now, however, as Patrick recognized his surroundings, he felt a profound sense of relief.  The courier had entered the catacombs beneath Paris, and he had done so through the public entrance that led to the ossuary. 
As a child, Patrick had become fascinated when a teacher, assigning a selection from Les Miserables, had explained to him that a large network of catacombs was located beneath the city, the remnants of mines that had produced much of the stone used in building the city’s many mansions and palaces.  Patrick was not an unusually fearless youth, but the curiosity that arose in him when he imagined a network of tunnels beneath the feet of the men, women, and horses wandering the city's streets had outshined any trepidation he might have naturally felt about the dark, close, catacombs tunneled into the ground. 
The first Saturday after the lesson, Patrick had demanded that his father take him underground to wander the secret passages there.  Patrick's mother had expressed concerns over the traumatic effects that such an excursion may have had on him at such a young age, but his father had recognized his enthusiasm and sought to share the adventure with him.  On their first visit, his father had obtained access to the catacombs via a private entrance, and they had not visited the ossuary.  On that initial sojourn, Patrick had felt a thrill at moving undetected beneath the city's streets, but he'd soon found that no matter how carefully he'd kept their route in his mind, he became disoriented and lost as to their location and direction. Wisely, his father had enabled Patrick to become confused before leading him out of the tunnels as a way to dissuade his son from attempting to slip into the tunnels unaccompanied.  It was not until Patrick had reached ten and two years of age, however, that his father had introduced him to the ossuary, which represented a small section of the catacombs, but was the only portion of the network of tunnels that most visitors ever saw.
As Patrick completed his descent, he entered the first chamber and observed the stacks of skulls and human bones that lined the walls from the floor to the ceiling of the chamber.  When he had first entered this chamber more than a decade previously, he had been filled with a natural sense of foreboding.  The display, in this and the other chambers connected to the ossuary, was neat and laid out by a methodical hand Patrick had interpreted as cold and inhuman.  His father had explained to him that the ossuary was an underground burial chamber, utilized to accommodate the old remains of dead Parisians who'd been buried in cemeteries located on the outskirts of the city before Paris had expanded to engulf the lands in which they had been interred.  The men who had arranged the remains in this macabre manner had merely sought to relocate them to a place where they could be left unmolested in a dignified, if space efficient, location. 
Passing by the very same wall of bones, Patrick recalled that first visit and became sharply conscious of the fact that his father, his former guide in this and so many other matters, had himself been placed in his final resting place.  Patrick had time to register the wave of grief that washed over him in this place as the catacombs, by their nature, were not conducive to a full speed chase.  The courier remained ahead of him, but Patrick could hear his footsteps and had a vague sense of where the young man was headed.  The passages in the catacombs were narrow, opening into wider chambers, but they were dense with shadows and twisted in unpredictable ways.  Patrick, who knew the layout of the ossuary fairly well, was able to cover much of the distance between himself and the courier. 
The young courier moved swiftly and without hesitation through the passageways, and he took no apparent notice of the stacks of human remains lining the walls of each chamber through which they passed.  Patrick was gaining ground, however, and he grew confident that he would overtake the young courier within minutes, but when he turned a particularly sharp corner, he saw that he had reached a dead end passage that ended in a wall of rocky earth.  The courier was gone.
Patrick had spent too many afternoons in the catacombs to be thwarted by this apparent dead end.  He immediately approached the wall and began searching the darkness at its corners.  After a moment of feeling along its edges, he found what he had suspected might be present.  A gap of lass than thirty centimeters existed in the wall, a result of the mining excavation that had created the passageway.
Patrick had no time to remove his coat, which he expected would be destroyed as he forced himself through the damp, earthy crevice in the wall and emerged into the cool darkness on the other side. 



LePage paced the stretch of grass running parallel to the Boulevard St. Michelle through the Jardin du Luxembourg.  He had chased the shooter from the street with only two warning shots.  At the time, it had been more important to him to knock the shooter from the cover of his sniper’s nest than to capture the man.  He could not have allowed the gunman to fire any additional shots and kill Dupuy, as Dupuy was the only man available to prevent the courier’s escape.  Once he had forced the gunman into the open, LePage had given chase, but the shooter had been too far ahead, and he had been able to slip away in a passing cab.  LePage accepted the shooter's escape as inevitable, and he returned to the scene of the ambush.
By that time, the police had arrived and gathered around Ferriere's body.  LePage did not approach the body of his fallen comrade, merely glancing in its direction in passing as he crossed the road in the direction Dupuy had chased the courier. 
In the park, LePage had walked the length of the lawn running through the center of the park, but he had been unable to find any signs of Dupuy’s or the courier’s passage.  He eavesdropped on two gentlemen who had been disturbed by the chase, both of whom were engaged in relating their recollections of the event to a gendarme who had emerged from the palace to investigate the disturbance.  According to the two gentlemen, Dupuy had pursued the courier south across the gardens in the direction of the Rue Auguste Comte.  
Reaching the gates at the southern end of the park, however, LePage found no signs of a trail.  He had no way of knowing where Dupuy had gone, or if he was alive or dead.  He hadn't found the young man's body, which he considered a good sign.  He speculated that it was likely the courier had given Dupuy the slip, and the young man was now wandering around the surrounding streets in circles.  He also knew that if Dupuy were dead, the police would let him know soon enough.  In the interim, he resigned himself to accepting his obligation to return to the nearby Rue Galande and inform Rousseau of the operation’s failure. 



Leaving the familiar arrangements and artificial light of the ossuary behind, Patrick found himself in near-total darkness in the adjacent tunnel.  Before him, he knew, stretched a winding network of passages that a novice visitor could spend days trying to navigate.  Patrick was not concerned, however, apart from wishing that he had a lamp with him.  The passage ahead was densely black.  He could not hear the courier's movements, and he assumed the young man would be dealing with the same obstacles that he was confronting.  Feeling his way along the damp walls with both hands, he began moving deeper into the catacombs.
Pushing forward into the darkness, he began to wonder who the courier was and how he had developed such a fearless knowledge of the catacombs, when he saw a momentary flash of yellow light ahead.  The flash lit the entire passage for a brief moment, one that enabled Patrick to see the next twenty meters of the tunnel ahead.  He recognized the flash of light as coming from a hand-held flashlight, and he understood that the courier had not been chased into the catacombs.  The passages represented his chosen route from the start.
Patrick moved faster toward the source of the light at the far end of the passageway, but he took care to remain as silent as possible.  He recognized the appeal of the catacombs for someone who desperately did not want to be followed, and he was confident that the young courier assumed that Patrick had never found his way out of the ossuary. 
The pursuit continued for a period of time Patrick did not measure.  He took an average of thirty paces in the darkness, feeling for turns in the passage with his hands, before the flashlight would temporarily light the way for him, and he was able to continue the pursuit.  Each time the light flashed, it seemed larger and more luminous, and Patrick saw that he was gaining ground.  After a time, he rounded a sharp corner and found the passage ahead lit steadily and brightly.  Patrick rushed forward, not pausing to consider that a hand-held flashlight was incapable of creating the type of sustained luminosity he was approaching. 
As the light grew closer, he heard voices, male and disgruntled, uttering curses and murmuring among themselves.  Patrick drew the revolver from within his jacket.  He had no way of knowing if he was entering some type of subterranean anarchist den, but LePage had given him one instruction, and he understood that if he let the courier slip away, the morning's efforts - and Ferriere's having been shot - would be for to nothing. 
Cautiously turning a corner in the tunnel, he peered ahead into a chamber lit by a single oil lamp.  Two men stood within, both aged and dressed in artist's smocks.  The heavier of the two men was looking down a passageway on the opposite side of the chamber from Patrick's, shouting curses at an unseen third man.  The leaner of the two men was standing over a puddle of spilled paint, which was expanding around a bucket that appeared to have been overturned, then righted.  Behind the lean man, a partially completed mural was painted.  It featured a pastoral scene of some sort, but Patrick didn't bother to examine it.  He was watching the lean man, whom Patrick now recognized as a street artist.  He'd seen murals such as this one throughout the catacombs, and he always wondered who the men were who took the time to paint scenes only a handful of adventurous Parisians would ever see. 
The paint from the spilled bucket was expanding slowly toward Patrick, and to his dismay, he saw that the lean artist was watching its path.  Knowing that he could not remain undetected for long, Patrick stepped into the chamber, just as a tentacle of thick, green paint touched the toe of his shoe, and spread around his foot like the Seine flowing around the nearby Ile Saint-Louis.  Extending the revolver toward the artist, he held the index finger of his left hand to his lip in a gesture he could only hope would be obeyed.  He had no intention of shooting the man, but he could imagine, after his long and brutal run and all his crawling along the earthy passages, what type of sight he made.  He could only hope that his fearsome appearance would be sufficient to intimidate the lean man into silence.
The lean artist saw him and froze in place.  He did not move or gesture in any way.  Patrick stood motionless for a moment, wondering what would happen if he turned the gun away from the man, when his heavier companion, having abandoned his cursing, turned back into the passageway and saw Patrick.
“What in the holy hell-” he began, but the lean man cut him off sharply, making the same gesture Patrick had made a moment before.  The heavy man, seeing the pistol, immediately obeyed.  Then, as if uncertain of what else to do, he slowly pointed toward the direction in which he'd been cursing, as if Patrick had not yet identified it as the direction in which the courier had fled. 
Keeping the pistol trained on the artists, Patrick took a slow, deliberate step through the spilled paint.  The artists did not move, and Patrick understood that they had no intention of impeding his progress.  Still clutching the pistol in his hand, he turned away from them and rushed down the far passageway, hoping the paint he was trailing behind him made no telltale, sticky sounds that would alert the courier to his continued pursuit. 
Before he'd moved outside the farthest orbit of the artists' lamplight, he saw the courier's light flash again like a lighthouse drawing him to a harbor.  Emboldened by his wordless intimidation of the two artists, he quickened his pace, risking the sounds of his quick footfalls to close the distance.
Moving forward in the darkness, he listened with a sense of hearing heightened as a result of his being deprived of his sight.  After a few moments, he heard the sliding of a door or panel against a wall, and he realized that the courier had exited the tunnel.
Staring into the darkness, willing his eyes to see without the benefit of light, Patrick searched the passageway until he saw a sliver of light that marked an opening.  Feeling with his hands, he identified a wooden panel or door, and pried at it with his fingers.  He had chased the courier for so long, he couldn’t concern himself about what lay on the far side of the panel.  He was exhausted and frustrated, and he simply wanted the chase to end. 
The panel was not heavy, and he was able to slide it aside with his shoulder while maintaining his grip on his father's old revolver.  As he shoved his way through the doorway, his eyes were forced to adjust, despite the dimness of the light on the other side.  He had entered some type of cellar behind the courier, who was partway up a wooden staircase.  The courier looked worse than Patrick felt, his face and hair covered with dirt, his breathing labored, his clothes stained with sweat and dust. 
Patrick attempted to speak, but was too hoarse.  He turned the pistol to the side and fired once. The shot rang out in the small cellar and filled his ears.  A green bottle of wine, one of a dozen or more arrayed on a shelf along the nearby wall, exploded in a burst of dark liquid and broken glass when the bullet struck it.
On the stairs, the courier froze in place.  He looked back at Patrick, his eyes heavy with exhaustion and defeat. His body remained tense, however, as if he were considering a last ditch dash toward the door at the top of the stairs. 
Patrick stared up at him, trying to summon the look of contempt and intimidating evaluation that LePage employed so often.  He raised the pistol and trained it on the courier as steadily as possible.
The young man stared back at Patrick, his face betraying his frustrated resignation, but his body language still tensed as if he had not yet given up the fight.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN


Patrick had never ridden in a police carriage before, and he was surprised to find that functioning carriages existed that rode harder and rougher than Parisian cabs.  After traveling fewer than six or seven kilometers, his back and legs were already throbbing from the vibrations. 
His companion, the still-nameless courier, showed no visible sign of being perturbed.  He merely sat, his hands and feet shackled in heavy, dull irons, watching the buildings pass by through one of the carriage's two barred windows.  The courier had not spoken to him since they had been placed in the carriage.  Patrick had given up asking questions about the man's identity or involvement with the anarchists after receiving only a stoic smile from the young man in return to his inquiries. 
Patrick's view of the street was limited by the size and placement of the carriage's windows.  As a result, he had only a vague idea of their location in the city when the carriage came to a stop.  He only knew they had reached their destination when the carriage lurched as the driver, a young Army officer who'd collected them at the police station in the sixth arrondissement, stepped to the ground. 
Patrick listened as the officer's boots crunched gravel on the way to the rear of the carriage.  Across from him, the courier stared back at him with a mildly amused expression.  The young man could see plainly that of the two of them, Patrick was the more nervous.
The clanging of the lock as the officer removed it from the door was deafening inside the tight carriage, but the young man did not appear to react to the cacophony in any way.  When the door opened, the compartment was flooded with sunlight, and Patrick had to squint to see the face of the young officer. 
“Deputy,” he said to Patrick.  “If you don't mind . . .”  His tone was one of polite deference, as if they were speaking in the Chamber about official state business. 
Patrick glanced at the prisoner, and then stepped to the edge of the carriage.  The officer assisted him in dropping down to the gravel, which he saw, upon emerging from the carriage, was the surface of an enclosed courtyard at the heart of a long, imposing building.  At one end of the courtyard, Patrick saw an iron gate, through which he glimpsed the traffic of a busy Parisian thoroughfare.  At the opposite end, on a tall, roof-mounted pole, flew the tri-color.  Patrick recognized the building’s rooftop features, and with the help of the nearby gothic spire of Sainte Chappelle, visible beyond the building’s perimeter, he was able to identify their location as a courtyard within the Palais de Justice.    
As the officer entered the carriage to release his prisoner, Patrick looked about him and saw various uniformed officers passing throughout the courtyard.  He immediately began to brush the soil and dirt from his shirtsleeves and pants in a futile effort to achieve some degree of respectability. 
“What's your hurry?” Patrick heard a voice say.  He turned to see Rousseau approaching him.  “I would think you'd be eager to let people see how you got your hands dirty today, Deputy.”
“What's happened to -” Patrick began, but Rousseau cut him off by speaking past him to the officer emerging from the carriage with his prisoner. 
“Thank you, Lieutenant.” The officer stood at attention as Rousseau stepped in front of the courier.  “Tell me, has your prisoner been cooperative?”
“I have not attempted to question him, sir,” the officer responded. 
“That is just as well, Lieutenant,” Rousseau replied, staring coldly into the courier's unflinching eyes.  “There are several members of our service who are eagerly awaiting the opportunity.  Please escort him to the Conciergerie.”  The Conciergerie, Patrick knew, was the former medieval prison that once housed Marie Antoinette prior to her rendezvous with the guillotine.   
“Yes, sir,” the Lieutenant responded, turning on his heel and grasping the young courier's arm.  Without a word, he spun the prisoner around, and led him across the courtyard toward the building's main entrance.  To the courier's credit, he maintained eye contact with Rousseau until being led away.
“He's a cipher,” Patrick said.  “Hasn't said a word to me since I caught up to him.”
“Oh, he'll talk to us, Deputy,” Rousseau said.  “It's just a matter of time.”  He nodded formally toward Patrick, and then followed after the officer and his prisoner. 
Patrick watched him go, suddenly uncomfortable. Glancing around, he wondered what he was supposed to do with himself.  He wanted to return home to his flat in Montmartre to shed his soiled clothes and soak for an hour with a glass of absinthe, and it didn't seem as if anything more was to be asked of him.  Turning, he started toward the gate at the far end of the courtyard, but was halted by another familiar voice.
“Where are you going?”
Patrick glanced to his right, where LePage was standing, his lit pipe held in front of him, in an open doorway.  He gestured for Patrick to follow, then withdrew inside. 
Patrick, growing irritated by the abrupt treatment he was receiving, followed LePage into a close hallway leading to a series of inner doors. 
“I caught the courier -” he began.
“Are you having trouble appreciating what is happening, here?” LePage demanded. 
“I -” Patrick began, not certain how to respond.
“How could you be so foolish as to call the police?” LePage demanded. 
“I was alone in someone's wine cellar with him.  I couldn't let him escape -”
“Do you know how long it took Rousseau to unravel the mess you made by involving the municipal authorities?  He had to create a cover story for both of you, arrange for transportation, and create false identities for the paperwork.”
“I don't understand -”
“Clearly,” LePage replied.  “Everything we do – whether it is through the Order, or whether it is in connection with Rousseau's and my operations – is conducted with discretion.  When you work with us, you have to maintain a level of discretion.”
“I think I conducted myself well enough, considering that I endured a grueling ordeal capturing that prisoner -”
“Is that so?” LePage asked.  “I watched one of my fellow officers shot to death on a sidewalk, and then drove his killer away by returning fire.  Was your ordeal more 'grueling' than that?”
Patrick stammered for a beat, momentarily losing his ire.  LePage took a puff of his pipe.
“What will become of him?” Patrick asked.
“He'll be questioned,” LePage replied. 
“You mean he’ll be tortured?” Patrick said.  “At least you’ve chosen the right backdrop for such unpleasantness.”
“He won’t necessarily be tortured,” LePage replied.  ”He could suddenly become cooperative.”
Patrick thought over the day's events, trying to determine if the courier had done anything other than flee a pursuer that justified his being tortured by intelligence officers for information.
“Is that truly necessary?” he asked.
“It will be if that’s what is required to force him to talk,” LePage responded. 
Patrick did not like LePage’s ominous tone.  “That courier is the first and only link we have identified between the anarchists and the organization that is supporting and directing them,” LePage continued.  “We're going to get everything he knows out of him.”
The conclusive manner in which LePage spoke this last statement chilled Patrick.  “Will he be killed?” he asked, suddenly feeling an acute sense of responsibility for the young man's fate. 
LePage merely puffed from his pipe, then turned toward one of the inner doors.  “Follow me,” he said.  “You're a member of the Chamber of Deputies who appears as if he's been living in the sewers for a week, and you entered the Palace’s grounds in a prisoner's carriage.  You can't walk out the front gate.”



“What have we learned from this courier?” LePage asked from the worn chair in front of Rousseau’s desk.
Rousseau shook his head and took a sip from the snifter in his hand.  “Very little.  He’s been trained.  He could not possibly resist interrogation for so long if he had not been.  And he’s almost certainly German.”
LePage considered this insight.  If the courier delivering bombing materials to the anarchists was German, reason suggested the possibility, at the very least, that whoever had dispatched him might also be German.
“So the scope of this operation has grown, then?” LePage asked.
“Considering the warning Dupuy received from the Countess -”
“That woman can’t be trusted,” LePage said, cutting Rousseau off.  He knew all too well that the Countess was a German intelligence agent, and he would not stand for her misinformation to be incorporated into their decision-making.
“Be that as it may,” Rousseau continued.  “It appears that our operation requires expansion.   I have had little success in convincing the men who hold the purse strings to open them up for us, however.”
“You must be kidding,” LePage responded.  “We’ve lost a man who needs replacing, and we are now gathering intelligence about a possible German operation within our borders.”
“Do you believe that it’s possible that I have not communicated these facts to the Directorate?” Rousseau asked.
LePage had met the head of the Directorate once, but as a field agent, he did not know the man’s loyalties or motivations.  Whatever the man’s politics, LePage could not accept that he refused to see the significance of what he and Rousseau were doing.
“The Director has advised me that his hands are tied in the matter.  The budget has been exhausted, and his petitions for additional funds have been denied.”
“How is that possible?” LePage was compelled to ask.
Rousseau held up a hand to indicate his lack of information.  “I receive all of my knowledge regarding budgetary matters third hand.  Fortunately, however, you are involved in a society that includes at least one member with direct involvement in the national budget . . .”
LePage sighed.  The Germans were quite possibly running bombs into Paris, and he was being asked to take the time to coordinate a clandestine meeting to discuss budget allocations.



Arranging the meeting took LePage a full three days.  At the appointed time, he made his way to the Ile de la Cité and passed among the tourists and sightseers beneath the ten-meter wide rose window and the intricately carved statues of long-dead kings into Notre Dame de Paris.
LePage was an infrequent visitor to the great cathedral.  He had not attended services as a parishioner since before his tenth birthday, and while the dutiful Madeline attended mass each week, she did so at Saint Sulpice, the grand, neoclassical church on the Left Bank.  As part of his cover as a professor of architecture, however, LePage had been compelled to study the history and features of Notre Dame, the city’s signature construction.  As he sat in the second to last chair on the end of the last row at the rear of the cathedral’s nave, he took in the awesome space beneath its ribbed arches and knew without exception which features had been part of the building’s thirteenth century construction, and which had been incorporated during the relatively recent restoration that had been completed within LePage’s lifetime.
Despite LePage’s intimate knowledge of the cathedral’s features, he was still startled when Emmanuel, the great bell suspended from the Cathedral’s south tower, rang out the hour.  
“You seem slightly on edge, Professor,” a voice said between chimes.  LePage looked up to see Senator Levant, having arrived precisely at the top of the hour, standing in the aisle beside the first chair to LePage’s right.
“I’m just irritated to have to take time out of my teaching to dispense with a nuisance,” LePage replied, affixing the ninth member of the Order of Twelve with a gaze meant to signify that he had no intention of remaining in the cathedral any longer than necessary.
Levant made a show of genuflecting east toward the main altar at the center of the cathedral before taking his seat.  Both he and LePage kept their gazes affixed on the altar ahead as they spoke in hushed tones, their mouths moving almost imperceptibly.
“The matter of a budget allocation to the Intelligence Directorate is a complicated one,” Levant said.  “As the Directorate insists that its budget be incorporated into the larger army budget so as to conceal how much is being spent on intelligence.”
LePage sighed.  These men understood nothing about the nature of intelligence.  “It is important to obfuscate the truth of the Directorate’s size and scope from our enemies.”
“It makes no difference to me,” Levant said.  “The process simply requires time and the cooperation of a number of key individuals.”
“Such as whom?” LePage asked, anxious to cut to the heart of the issue.
“The delay is not in the Senate,” Levant replied.  “We approved the Director’s request.”
“The Chamber of Deputies, then,” LePage clarified, thinking that he may have finally found a use for Deputy Dupuy.
“And of course you know who the most senior member of the Chamber’s budgetary committee is,” Levant said.
LePage had to pause to retrieve the information from the depths of his mind.   “Filippi is delaying our budget request?” he asked, the volume of his voice increasing by the smallest degree in his surprise.  “What is he thinking?”
Levant glanced at him deliberately.  “It is my understanding that the committee does not believe that the Intelligence Directorate’s budget needs increasing in a time of peace.”
“France might not be at peace for very long if we cannot monitor our enemies’ activities within our own capital,” LePage said.
“Perhaps this is a matter for our other national assembly to take up,” Levant suggested, referring to the Order of which both he and LePage were members.  
LePage glanced at him, surveyed his expression, and nodded.  He rose and turned up the aisle toward the cathedral’s western exit without another word or glance toward the aisle.   



Patrick sat in the high-backed chair in his office, staring up at his father's old photographs and artwork, still affixed to the office walls, without seeing.  A knock on the door roused him from thoughts of secret societies and fleet-footed couriers.  When the door opened, Mendoche, one of Patrick’s fellow Parisian Deputies appeared in the doorway. 
“Is Deputy Dupuy aware that you make yourself at home at his desk when he is absent?” Mendoche asked, his tone light.
“I beg your pardon?” Patrick asked.
“Where might I find the Deputy?” Mendoche demanded.
“I am Deputy Dupuy,” Patrick stated.
“Oh, that's right,” Mendoche said.  His shoulders sank in his embarrassment, and he bowed his head in deference to Patrick.  “Forgive me. I came to see your father, and I forgot you had taken his place.”
Patrick did not respond. 
“Anyway,” Mendoche continued.  “I wish to introduce a version of Senator Barbier's budgetary bill, and I require a co-sponsor from your party.”
“What is the substance of the bill?” Patrick asked.
“Does it matter?” Mendoche asked. 
“Perhaps not,” Patrick said.  
Barbier’s political stock was rising by the day.  Both the moderate and leftist newspapers were treating him as a presumptive presidential candidate, and the Chamber was buzzing with speculation about his odds of victory.  Mendoche was not the only junior member of his party seeking to align himself with Barbier’s agenda in anticipation of the upcoming elections.
“Send my clerk a draft of the figures, and I’ll look it over,” Patrick told the deputy.  
“Yes, well, on second thought,” Mendoche said, withdrawing from doorway.  “I don’t want to trouble you while you’re still settling in.”  He made his excuses and withdrew.  
Patrick understood perfectly well that the man had only wanted to add his father’s seniority to his legislation.  Patrick had little to recommend himself as a co-sponsor of a bill beyond name recognition.  His lack of agency within the Chamber bothered him far less now than it had when he’d first assumed his position, however.  His primary focus had shifted over the previous weeks to assisting LePage and Rousseau in thwarting the anarchists who were trying to blow up half the city.  He knew, however, that he was of little help to them, and of next to no value to the Order, if he did not retain his father’s seat in the Chamber.  
It was during a conference with M. Filippi to discuss doing just that when Filippi made known to him how little he cared for the surging popularity of Senator Barbier.   
“May God protect us from that man,” Filippi said as he took a puff on a cigar in his office after hours.
“Do you believe it is possible that he could be defeated?” Patrick asked.   
“The conventional wisdom is often mistaken in the early stages of an election cycle,” Filippi said.  “And as you know, there are forces at work on the course of national events that few are fully cognizant of.” 
This vaguely ominous comment was not what had most troubled Patrick about the conversation, however.  During the course of their conversation, Filippi had noted that he had received reports that Patrick had been seen about Paris in the company of Veronique Deschamps.  “A beautiful young lady,” Filippi had said, as if he had been reluctant to admit the fact.  “And rich.  It’s unfortunate that she’s Jewish.  Otherwise, she could have been a fine match for you at this stage of your career.”
Patrick had never considered the possibility of marrying Veronique, but his failure to have done so had nothing to do with her attending religious services on Saturdays rather than on Sundays.  
Another knock at the door pulled Patrick out of his recollection of his conversation with Filippi.  When the door opened, a clerk entered to deposit a stack of correspondence on Patrick’s desk.  Sorting through the envelopes, one in particular caught his attention. It was made of fine, pearl-colored linen, and Patrick knew before he picked it up that it would smell of lilacs.



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


It had been days since he had last seen Veronique, and Patrick’s conversation with Filippi had only made him wish to see her again.  The Countess Estampe’s most recent letter gave him the excuse he had needed to call on her.  
Taking a cab across the river to Le Marais, he was somewhat taken aback when he was deposited in front of a breathtaking mansion in the neo-gothic style.  It looked to him more like the annex to a magnificent cathedral than a private residence.  Upon ringing the bell, he was greeted by an aged servant with a Russian accent and a dour expression. 
“Is Mademoiselle expecting you?” she demanded to know when he asked to see Veronique.
“Not at this particular moment, no,” he admitted.  “But we are engaged in an ongoing research project, and I have new information to share with her.” 
“Give me your message, and I will relay it to Mademoiselle,” the old woman responded.
“It is private,” he replied. 
“Then this visit is of a personal nature,” the servant stated, rather than asked. 
“I do not wish to embarrass you, Madame,” he replied. “But I am a Member of the Chamber of Deputies, and I am here on official government business.”
She looked him over and frowned, letting him know that she doubted his claims.  The possibility that he was an elected official had forced her to at least consider his visit to be more than a mere nuisance, however.  With a skeptical eyebrow raised, she opened the door and admitted him into the foyer, which was even more impressive than the building's facade. 
“Wait here,” she said, turning and proceeding up the marble-tiled hallway toward a grand staircase that led upstairs to the mansion's first floor. 
Patrick waited for several minutes, checking the arrangement of his tie and hair in a three gilded mirror, three meters in height, hanging on the wall at the foot of the stairs, before the servant returned and begrudgingly led him into a what she described as a parlor, but what to Patrick's eyes was more accurately described as a library. The ceiling was at least six meters high, and the walls were lined to the ceiling with bookshelves.  At the mid-point of the walls' height, a balcony, which was accessible via an iron spiral staircase in one corner, ringed the room.  In the opposite corner, a two-meter tall hearth provided a focal point, around which two large sofas upholstered in dark red fabric were arranged. 
A long, polished, wooden table sat in the center of the room.  A considerable number of papers were arranged on the table's surface, but its length was such that they appeared to cover no more than twenty percent of its surface.
“This was my father's study,” Veronique's voice said. He turned to see her standing in the doorway, looking as lovely as he'd come to expect, in a canary-colored dress with a “pouter pigeon” bodice and high neckline.  Her black hair was arranged stylishly atop her head, and she had a look about her features that he wanted to interpret as pleasant surprise at his presence in her home.  
“I was not allowed in this room as a child,” she explained, approaching him.  “It was a place of business. Father found his office at the factory to be distracting. He used to conduct a great deal of business here – meeting with government officials, conferences with the company's accountants, that sort of thing.  I haven't seen much of it for the last five years.  Until recently.”  This last she said with a mischievous tone. 
“I apologize for calling unannounced -” he began.  She waved his attempt at polite formality away as if it were a pest. 
“Sofia said you'd called on government business,” she said with some degree of expectation in her tone.
“I may have exaggerated the official nature of my business,” he confessed.  “She was . . . reluctant to admit me.”
Veronique smiled knowingly.  “I'm sure.  Sofia has been working for my family for more than twenty-five years. She is very protective of the house – with me as well, but the house is her primary concern.”
“This is what brought me here today,” he said, handing her the pearl-hued envelope.  Without a word, she slid the letter from the previously opened envelope and began to read the same message Patrick had read in his office less than an hour before.  The Countess’s letter was written in the same cryptic style he'd come to expect from her, but the substance of her message suggested that the Order was divided, and that Patrick should be wary of any proposals made to intervene in the national political events.
“Obviously, messages from this mysterious Countess must be taken avec prudence,” he said once she’d looked up from reading the note.
Veronique tilted her head, as if she was reluctant to agree.  “She seemed sincere to me.”
“LePage was almost killed when we were summoned her chateau,” he reminded her.
“Professor LePage, if I recall correctly, had not been invited by the Countess.” 
“Nevertheless, it seemed like an extreme method of dealing with a gatecrasher.”
Veronique smiled.  “She's done nothing but provide you with warnings thus far.  And in any event, I think she's right that it's the Order you need to be cautious about trusting.”
He eyed her closely, tracing a loose curl of hair with his eyes as it lay against the back of her neck while she looked down at the letter a second time.  When she looked up at him, she mistook his focus as a sign of his scrutinizing her last comment. 
“Come over here,” she said, moving toward the table at the center of the room.  “I have something to show you as well.”
On the table, Patrick saw that she had unrolled a large sheet of butcher's paper.  On top of the paper, she had pinned cards with the names of each of the members of the Order, but the cards were not arranged in a recognizably balanced order.  On one side of the table, the cards were arranged in a pyramid, with Filippi's name at the top.  On the opposite side there were fewer cards arranged beneath LePage's name.  On each member's card, a few notes had been written in a tight, efficient hand.  The notes listed the member's political party, but also included details about his office, employment, or background.  The most jarring aspects of the display were the red lines, fashioned by pinning red yarn to individual cards, that ran between the individual cards. 
“I have done a little digging into this Order of yours,” she began.  “While it's impossible to discover anything about the members’ involvement in the Order, learning about other aspects of their lives was fairly easy, as they are all prominent members of society.  The elected officials' voting records are an easy way to track their allegiances, but so are the corporate filings of the industrial men.  The financial records and expenditures are the most telling, however -”
“How did you acquire the financial records of any of these men?” Patrick couldn’t help himself from asking.  
She looked at him with a half smile that was both sheepish and mischievous.  “You don't want to know.”
“I'm very curious.” 
“Honestly, if there's an official inquiry, you won't want to know.”
Patrick considered her words while she continued. 
“The first thing to recognize is that the Order is not divided between Republicans and Monarchists.  That may have been the way balance was maintained in the past, but the Monarchists are a permanent minority power, now – no offense.”
Patrick, who had been recruited into the Order as a token Monarchist, had inherited the affiliation, along with his seat in the Chamber, from his father. 
“Once one disregards the party label affixed to each Member, his true allegiances become clear.  M. Filippi is the most senior member of the Order, and his influence is greatest.  His votes demonstrate that he is pro-war, anti-German, and pro-business.  He is a monarchist, as are you. The other four monarchist members are Becker, the railroad man; Carsoux, the importer; Lecat, the farm and vineyard owner; and Faure, the iron manufacturer.  All of these men have contributed to Filippi's re-election efforts, and they are some of the wealthiest men in France.  The Republicans consist of LePage, a professor – although, we know his true occupation may be something along quite different lines – Delbonnel, the publisher; Butet, the lawyer; and Beausoleil, the telegraph magnate.  The other two Republicans are Rissient, the Deputy, and Levant, the Senator.”
“But you have sorted them differently,” Patrick interjected. “You have Republicans and Monarchists allied with Filippi's side.”
On the left side of the table, Patrick's card had been pinned beneath LePage's.  Both Republican officials, Levant and Rissient, were also placed in LePage's column, along with Lecat and Delbonnel.
“Pardon my presumption,” she replied.  “But you've spent the majority of your time working with LePage outside of the Chamber trying to thwart anarchists, and so you were placed on his side.”
“Fair enough,” he responded.  “But -”
As he raised his hand to indicate Lecat, she cut him off.  “M. Lecat is from a very old family with a history of Monarchist sympathies, but as I've said, party affiliation is not the determinative issue, here.  The industrial and military goals of the nation are the most important issues dividing the members.  For example, while a Monarchist, Lecat has expressed support for Senator Barbier -”
“Filippi hates Barbier,” Patrick couldn't help but announce.
“Of course he does.  Barbier's a progressive isolationist.  He wants to devote the nation's resources toward developing domestic infrastructure.  Filippi and the members allied with him are itching for war with Germany, which they think will spur the commercial and industrial growth of the nation.”
Patrick stared at her. “How do you know all of this?”
“Well, I've been immersed in it for several days -” she began.
“Yes, but how -  I wouldn't have known where to start.”
“Don't you read newspapers, attend salons?” she asked, bemused.  “Aren't you in the Chamber of Deputies each day when these issues are being discussed?”
Patrick shrugged.  He had never had any interest in the nation's political affairs until he had been thrust into the role of placeholder Deputy.  “You should be the Deputy,” he told her.
“Now, who's the progressive?” she asked. 
“How did these Republicans become allied with Filippi?” he asked, indicating Butet and Beausoleil.
“Keep in mind, that I've made generalizations based on incomplete pieces of information,” she cautioned.  “But they fit the profile of the men on this side of the divide far better than the ones on your side.”
“Meaning they are rich?”
“That's true of them, but not the only factor.  The allegiances are clear once you look at the relative positions of each of the members.  The divide between them is considerable, and Countess Estampe's warning only confirms what is already displayed, here.”
“I look at these cards, and I see a balance, not a divide” he said.  “The partisans remain evenly divided, and everyone is united in their larger concern for France.” 
“But the side of the industrial hawks has struck the first blow against the other side,” she said slowly, as if trying to determine if he fully comprehended what she was telling him.  He had grown too impatient to cover over his ignorance, and so he simply stared inquisitively at her.
“You really don't read the papers,” she said thoughtfully, passing him a folded copy of a morning daily sitting on the corner of the huge table.
Patrick held the paper out in front of him and scanned the headlines until he found what he should have already seen. 
“Delbonnel has been arrested,” he said.  “For tax fraud?”
“A baseless accusation,” she said.  
He glanced at her. 
“I've seen his tax records,” she added.  “Even if I had not, I can trace the line back to the chairman of the committee that oversees the treasury in the Chamber of Deputies.”
Patrick looked back at the chart on the table.  Even he knew that Filippi’s committee oversaw budget allocations in the Chamber. 
“Look at the members on both sides,” she instructed him.  “Which of them benefit if war arises again?”
Patrick read the names and saw what he already knew: the railroad man, iron manufacturer, and importer were among those listed on Filippi's side. 
“Now ask yourself,” she continued.  “If you desired a confrontation, with Germany, say, and you needed to give the nation a push toward conflict, who among all of the other members of the Order would you need to neutralize before you could affect public opinion?”
“The newspaper publisher,” he answered.  “Delbonnel.”  
“Granted, no one in France may benefit more financially from another war than I,” she said.  “But that is no secret.  As I look at this chart again, it seems to me that the Countess’s warning is a suggestion that we consider the Order's true motives, despite what the members hold themselves out as representing.”



Later that evening, Patrick and Veronique made their way to St. Germaine and made an unannounced visit to the home of the LePages.  They were greeted by the LePages’ timid, young servant Sylvie, who escorted them into LePage's study without a fraction of the resistance Patrick had encountered at Veronique’s front door.
Patrick had expected LePage to meet them for a hushed conference about the business of the Order, but he was startled when LePage's wife Madeline appeared in the doorway of the study.  She was a comely woman several years older than Patrick, though still younger than LePage himself.  She was dressed fashionably and sharply, as if she had recently changed into evening attire.
“Good evening,” she said warmly.  “Deputy Dupuy, Mademoiselle Deschamps.  Welcome to our home.”  She shook each of their hands with a practiced manner.  Watching her and Veronique exchange greetings and social graces was like watching two professionals at work. 
“Robert has just returned from the university, and we are about to sit to dinner.  Have you eaten?” 
“Well -” Patrick fumbled for an excuse, and even Veronique seemed to have been taken off guard.
“We never intended to intrude or interrupt your dinner,” she said.  “It was terribly rude of us to arrive without notice as it was.  Please excuse us, and we will see Professor LePage in the morning.
“Not at all,” Madeline reassured her.  “I've already set the table for you.”
She smiled and turned toward the door.  Patrick and Veronique exchanged a glance, but as neither had an idea as to how to avoid submitting to Mrs. LePage's hospitality, they followed her into the hall.



The dining room was a charming space, with the walls papered in Bourbon blue and an intricate chandelier hung overhead.  After the initial awkwardness resulting from LePage's unwelcoming stare upon seeing Veronique and Patrick at his table had dissipated, the meal had begun in perfectly conventional fashion.  The couples commenced dining with a plate of mussels, which Patrick found delicious.  When Sylvie cleared the first course, they were each presented with plates of salad frisėe.  Madeline, ever the hostess, asked a series of polite questions of Patrick about his duties in the Chamber and of Veronique about her business.  LePage remained silent throughout, eating his salad and maintaining an unwavering attention on either Patrick's or Veronique's faces. 
“And how long have you been courting Mademoiselle Deschamps?” Madeline asked Patrick at one point.  He very nearly choked on a leaf of lettuce in response. 
“Oh, we're not,” he began.  “That is, not at this time . . .”  This last comment brought a quick look from Veronique, who searched his face for meaning before coming to his rescue.
“Deputy Dupuy’s and my relationship is of a business nature,” she explained to Madeline.  “He is assisting me with some contractual issues that arose between the government and my firm.”
“My apologies,” Madeline said, graciously accepting this lie without questioning its veracity.  “I should not speak in so forward a manner when I lack firsthand knowledge of the situation.”  Patrick watched her warm smile and made note of how practiced she was in the art of feigning ignorance of the plain truth so as to avoid an uncomfortable scene. 
“Not at all,” Veronique replied. “A perfectly innocent inference to make, particularly considering the amount of time we have spent in one another's company over the past weeks.”
LePage watched this conversation unfold with sharp eyes, but without betraying his own thoughts.  As the salad plates were cleared and exchanged for replacements bearing servings of lamb noisette, Patrick attempted to change the course of the conversation.
“I will tell you, Madame,” he said.  “The most common talk in the Chamber is about your father's political prospects.”
In response to this comment, LePage coughed sharply and made a throat-clearing sound as if a piece of meat had become lodged there.  Patrick glanced at him and saw that LePage was staring so intently back that he appeared to be attempting to burn a hole between Patrick's eyes with the sheer heat of his gaze.
His wife declined to acknowledge LePage's choking sounds, as well as his general demeanor, and responded with her customary affability.  “It pleases me to hear you say so, Monsieur, but I know very little of these things.  I have heard talk of his potential elevation to higher office, but he himself seems to be maintaining a healthy degree of humility and skepticism.”
From that point until the end of the meal, Patrick did not attempt to guide the conversation, deferring instead to Veronique, who was nearly Madeline's equal in social graces.  For the rest of the dinner, the two of them talked pleasantly about nothing of substance until the plates were cleared and the wine glasses emptied.
Without being prompted, Madeline stood and addressed LePage.  “I am sure you wish to retire with Deputy Dupuy, Robert.  I will entertain our other guest while you attend to business.  LePage rose to exit the room, and Patrick glanced at Veronique, who had already turned to Madeline. 
“My thanks to you, Madame,” Veronique said.  “Dinner was wonderful, and we've taken up too much of your evening as it is.  As I have some items of business to discuss with your husband, I believe I will adjourn with him.”
With that she led the men out of the room, while Madeline was left standing over the table, a bemused expression settling about her features. 
In LePage's small study, he did not speak for a long moment, merely staring at Patrick and Veronique intently. Patrick had spent enough time around the man to recognize that he was attempting to discern the reason for their visit and the level of danger inherent in the news they had brought.  Patrick assumed that LePage had determined that the danger was relatively low, as he moved to a sideboard and retrieved a bottle of cognac.
“Drinks?” he asked in his abrupt manner.
“No,” Patrick replied.
“Please,” Veronique said, nearly simultaneously. Patrick glanced at her, but she merely smiled her practiced polite, society smile at LePage.
When he'd served snifters of cognac to both Veronique and Patrick, LePage took a seat behind the small writing desk beside the fireplace. “It is always a pleasure to receive a call from you, Mademoiselle,” he told Veronique, his voice tight under what was, to him, the strain of social pleasantry.  “But if this visit is about what I assume it is,” he turned deliberately in Patrick's direction.  “You should have come to me alone.”
“It is indeed about M. Delbonnel's arrest,” Veronique said in her disarmingly casual tone, sniffing her cognac. “But only in part.  We wish to discuss the Order with you.”
LePage turned and stared at Patrick.  
“She deduced the lion's share of it herself,” Patrick said in his own defense.  “I'm very sorry, but I have very few people I can trust, and after our adventure in the Loire Valley, I had to tell her some of it.” 
“Is that a fact?” LePage asked through gritted teeth. 
“Well -” Patrick began.
“My firm has more classified contracts with this country's government than any other single corporation,” Veronique said, taking a sip of cognac.  “Rest assured that you can rely upon my discretion.”
“It seems that yours is the only discretion I can rely upon,” LePage replied, emptying his snifter.
“Believe me when I assure you, Professor, that you have greater problems than Patrick's loose lips.”
This moment was the first instance in which she had referred to him by his first name, and Patrick took note.
“He received a message warning him of a schism within your Order,” Veronique said. 
“A message,” LePage repeated. “From one of our members?”
“From an outsider,” Veronique said, a knowing tone in her voice.  She could see LePage's implication as clearly as Patrick could.
“And this message, I suspect, came in a lavender-scented envelope.”
“Of course,” Veronique replied.
LePage stood and returned to the sideboard.  “As I have previously advised Deputy Dupuy, that woman cannot be trusted.  She is a German spy who wishes to create turmoil throughout France.” 
“How are you so certain?” Veronique asked.  
LePage did not respond.
“Let us assume that she is a spy,” Veronique continued.  “Why is it not possible that her mission is the same as yours?  To maintain order in France and prevent another conflict.” 
“While such things may seem plausible in the context of drawing room conversations, let me assure you that the Germans do not share your feminine concerns for their neighbors’ well-being,” LePage responded, seating himself on the edge off his writing desk. 
Veronique was undeterred.  “Patrick has advised me that he has concerns about the allegiances of some of your Order.  As I have no knowledge of the other members' identities, I can't determine if his concerns are well founded.  Perhaps you can.”
“Is that so, Patrick?” LePage asked, clearly not believing Veronique, but taking a cue from his wife and allowing the lie to stand unchallenged.  “You have concerns?”
“I do,” Patrick responded, emboldened by the combination of wine and cognac.  “It seems to me that the true allegiances of the members are not to party, but to industrial and military concerns.  I have heard the talk about your father-in-law's likely ascent to the presidency, but I fear that the Order is not behind him.” 
“Let me assure you that your fears are misplaced,” LePage responded, addressing both Patrick and Veronique.  “Senator Barbier will be the next president of France.  He is the strongest candidate, and he is in my opinion the only man who can lead France into the new century in peace and prosperity.  The Order's allegiances are to this country, and any suspicions to the contrary are the result of German lies designed to interfere with the governing of our nation.”
“I hope you are correct,” Patrick responded.  “I sincerely do.  But if that is so, why is the publisher of the largest daily in France in jail tonight?”
LePage turned to set his empty glass on the desk. He clearly lacked an answer to this question.
“I have been investigating that myself.  We -” he looked at Patrick, indicating that he meant to say Rousseau and the Intelligence Directorate, but not wishing to say the man's name in front of Veronique.  “- have been working to confirm the veracity of the charges.”
Veronique glared at Patrick, urging him to press the issue.  “I have reason to believe they are false,” Patrick said. 
“You have reason to suspect they are-” LePage attempted to correct him.
“I have documentation that indicates so.” 
LePage turned to Veronique, having traced the source of Patrick's newfound opinions to her.  “Who are you, Mademoiselle?” he asked. 
“I'm just a young lady with qualities a certain type of gentleman finds easy to trust.”
“Of that I have no doubt,” LePage replied.  He turned to the empty fireplace, staring down at it in thought as if it were full of flickering flames.  “I would request that you keep these suspicions to yourself and allow the matter of M. Delbonnel's detention to rest until I am able to verify its basis.”
“Shall we call a meeting?” Patrick asked. 
“Not yet,” LePage said, turning to him.  He glanced at Veronique, clearly uncomfortable discussing the business of the Order in her presence.  “I should like to be armed with more answers than questions before sitting down with them.”



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


At breakfast the following morning, Patrick's landlady Madame Robin greeted him with a pot of coffee and a pearl-colored envelope. 
“When did this arrive?” he demanded, taking up the envelope before sitting at the breakfast table.
“It was waiting here this morning when I returned from the market,” Madame Robin responded, startled by his tone. “The courier must have passed by before the sun rose.”
“In the future,” Patrick admonished her as he tore open the envelope.  “Please awaken me upon receipt of any messages bearing this seal.”
“Very well, Monsieur,” she said, visibly confounded by his demeanor.  Since he had lived in the building, Patrick had routinely been the last resident to rise, and was never eager to be disturbed.  He ignored her reaction, however, as he read the contents of the letter. 

Deputy Dupuy: The anti-Barbier faction of your Order is ready to act.  Expect an item in the early editions of the city's tabloids alleging that Barbier was a German collaborator during the war.  With the publisher of the largest daily in jail, do not expect a rebuttal in its pages.  The only evidence is a claim linking Barbier to a German named Otto Stier.  The allegations are false, and one need only seek out Herr Stier to verify.  He can be found in Mons, Belgium.  As a personal favor, I ask that the Directorate of Intelligence refrain from imprisoning or torturing Herr Stier for information – not only is he retired and without knowledge of any official operations that have occurred in the past ten years, he is a charming dinner companion and a clever chess player.  I am certain he will assist you with a minimum of prodding.  S.

No sooner had Patrick finished reading the letter than he was on the street outside his building, hailing a cab to take him to the Latin Quarter.
Patrick found LePage in the dusty, dim office adjacent to his lecture hall at La Sorbonne.  The office was so small and over-filled with texts and notes that it strained to accommodate both Patrick, LePage, and the roll-top desk at which the latter sat reading Countess Estampe's latest missive.  Patrick stood in silence while LePage read and re-read the letter, his posture rigid, and his expression intent. 
“This could be a trap designed to draw you out of the country,” LePage said when he finally spoke. 
“I've been acting on her advice,” Patrick responded. “Why would she want to lure me away from Paris now?”
LePage shook his head, as uncertain as Patrick had ever seen him.  “Ignoring this warning could be disastrous, but I fear Herr Stier will not be nearly as forthcoming with me as he will with you.”
“What is the risk of carrying out these instructions?” Patrick asked.
“Apart from the possibility that you may never return from Belgium?” LePage asked.
“Then it's decided.” Patrick replied without hesitation.
Within the hour, LePage and Patrick were seated in a private train car, having begun the three-hour journey to Mons.  At the station, while Patrick had purchased tickets for them, LePage has visited the telegraph office to send a wire ahead to Belgium and to submit a brief update to Rousseau. 
“Rousseau's reply should reach us at the Mons railway station,” he advised Patrick as they settled into their seats.  LePage did not speak again for over five minutes, alternately gazing out the windows and through the glass in the compartment's sliding door to verify no one was lurking outside it. 
“I imagine this must be difficult for you,” Patrick offered.  “With your father-in-law involved.” 
LePage did not respond.
“Did you come to be betrothed to Madame LePage before he began his rise to prominence?” Patrick attempted.
LePage turned to face Patrick, but he did not respond. Instead, he stared at him in that uncomfortably direct manner that never failed to unsettle Patrick. 
“Perhaps that was too forward,” he retreated.  “Your marriage is your own business.  I know I find it off-putting when people presume to comment on the nature of my relationship with Veronique.”
“Perhaps if you maintained a polite distance from her,” LePage said.  “Instead of following her around the city like a love-struck pet.”
“Love-struck?” Patrick exclaimed, suddenly regretting his decision to stimulate a conversation.  “I - I wouldn't say -”
LePage lifted a skeptical eyebrow. 
“You've met her,” Patrick said.  “It's impossible to maintain a polite level of decorum.” 
“That I believe,” LePage said, smiling slightly at the corners of his mouth.  “She's quite extraordinary.”
“Disarmingly so,” Patrick lamented. 
“You find her personality too strong?” LePage asked.  
“No, my only problem is keeping pace with her.”
LePage nodded and turned back toward the window.   
“You should never have shared so much about the Order with her,” he said after a moment.  Patrick opened his mouth to defend himself, but LePage cut him off without noticing.  “But if she is correct, the secrecy of the Order may no longer be of paramount concern.  The very purpose of the Order may now be in question.” 
In Mons’s central square Patrick and LePage stood patiently to one side of the entrance archway of the city’s gothic city hall.  Affixed to the corner of the entryway was a small statue of a monkey.  Neither man spoke, both watching for a German who fit the profile of the former government official they'd traveled so far to meet.  After several minutes passed, the door to the building opened behind them.  Patrick and LePage turned to see a short man of approximately fifty years of age step out into the afternoon sun.  Without a word to either of them, he pulled a pipe from his jacket and moved to light it. 
“The locals will tell you the monkey grants good fortune to all who caress its head,” the man said in perfect French.  Neither Patrick nor LePage made a move to lay a finger on the little statue.
The man smiled. “I was instructed to present you with this epistle,” he said, drawing a pearl-colored envelope from the other breast pocket of his jacket.  LePage and Patrick exchanged a glance, and LePage reached out to accept the envelope.  Opening it, he scanned the contents before handing it to Patrick.
“Deputy Patrick Dupuy, meet Herr Otto Stier,” LePage said.  Patrick stuffed the lavender-scented envelope in his jacket pocket and shook the German's hand.  When LePage shook the man's hand, he introduced himself only as “LePage.”
“Countess Estampe has indicated in no uncertain terms that I am to do whatever is in my power to assist you gentlemen, and I learned many years ago that it is unwise to disobey a command from the Countess.”
“Do you remember having any dealings with a young Lieutenant named Laurent Barbier during the course of the war?” LePage asked. 
“You mean Senator Barbier?” Stier asked.  “I conducted some business with him prior to the start of the war in my capacity as emissary from Germany.  He was an aide to a cabinet official by the name of Canrobert at the time, as I recall.”
“He is accused of collaborating with the Prussian Empire, specifically with you, during the war,” Patrick advised.
“That is quite impossible, Monsieur,” the German assured him.  “As I was stationed in Alsace on the King's business throughout the war and the Paris Commune.”
Patrick and LePage exchanged a deliberate glance. 
“And if asked to verify -” Patrick began.
“I have documents that show my uninterrupted presence there.” 
LePage nodded.  “There is a correspondent in a café across the square from Le Soleil.  It is Countess Estampe's wish that you repeat what you have shared with me and present him with whatever documentary support that verifies your account.”
“Lead the way,” the amiable German said, and LePage turned on his heel to do so.  Patrick could only follow behind and marvel at the extent of Countess Estampe's influence. 



The following morning, Patrick was awoken by what he felt was an unreasonably loud knock on the door of his rooms.  Rising, he pulled on his dressing gown and opened the door to find Madame Robin waiting for him. 
“I know you did not get in until early this morning, Monsieur,” she said, as if the imposition resulting from her waking him was hers alone.  “But you instructed me to wake you with any messages -”
He nodded, cutting her off, and held out his hand to accept a telegram that read:

Did not make early edition.  Stop.  Response this afternoon.  Stop.  12 Tonight.  Stop.  L.

The wire ended without a more specific signature. 
On the late train retuning to Paris the previous night, Patrick and LePage had discussed the possibility that the story quoting Herr Stier would not be ready for the morning edition of Le Soleil.  LePage had lamented their need to utilize such a small daily to respond to the barrage of tabloids that would carry the contrary story in the morning, but without Delbonnel’s assistance, Mougenot - Veronique’s admirer at Le Soleil - was the only publisher they could trust with the task of printing the rebuttal.  
Patrick tried to imagine how Barbier would respond to the allegations, and he wondered how much the senator knew about his son-in-law’s ability to resolve the situation on his behalf.  The man was sharp and well connected throughout the nation.  Did he really believe that his daughter had married a humble university professor, or was he aware of LePage’s true nature?



Patrick did not see LePage until late that evening. The talk throughout the Chamber that morning had been far less scandalized than he had anticipated.  The Deputies and political petitioners seemed to take Barbier's strong denials of the allegations set forth in the morning’s tabloids at face value, and they were willing to give him the benefit of the doubt.  By that afternoon, when Herr Stier's evidence to the contrary had been published in Le Soleil’s afternoon edition, the scandal seemed to have been thoroughly defused.  The gossip Patrick heard throughout the afternoon centered on speculation regarding the identity of whoever had planted the false story, rather than on the merits of the accusations.
Patrick had attempted to update Veronique, but she was not at home when he called, and he was unable to locate her before having to return to Pigalle.  In addition to reprinting the evidence in support of Barbier’s denials in their pages, the evening editions each carried a classified ad that included the Zodiac’s Libra symbol.  LePage had finally called a meeting of the Order, and Patrick had to respond to the summons in the same way as his ten fellow members.   
That night, he took his place in the attic space over the cabaret in Pigalle.  Only ten other Members were present, as Delbonnel was still in jail. 
“These meetings are becoming more and more frequent,” Becker said, his tone light, but his expression anything but. 
LePage had been the last member to arrive, taking his seat on the far end of the table, opposite Filippi.  “We'll try to move things along, Monsieur,” LePage responded.  “I know how you hate to be out of your bed at such a late hour.”
Patrick did not understand this comment, but it had an effect on Becker, who glared at LePage, but said nothing. 
“This meeting was called by the seventh member,” Filippi prompted.
“The seventh member,” LePage replied.  “Is curious to know on whose authority an attempt was made to ruin Senator Barbier.”
“The Order's,” Filippi responded immediately.  “The only authority necessary.” 
“We recognize that this issue is a personal one for you, Professor,” Deputy Rissient attempted, but LePage ignored him.
“You speak for the Order, now?” LePage asked Filippi.  
“Of course not.” Filippi appeared unmoved by LePage's aggressive tone.  “The Order voted on the matter last night.  Neither you nor Deputy Dupuy responded to the summons.”
Patrick turned and stared at LePage.  As new as he was to the Order, he understood that a vote on such a momentous issue taken without all members present, while effective, was an affirmative effort to exclude dissenting votes.  
“How unfortunate that the issue became so pressing on a night I was not in the city,” LePage said.  
Filippi did not respond.
Patrick looked at the faces of the other eight men seated at the table.  Several, like Becker and Faure, appeared casual, but the tension reflected more openly on the other men's faces. 
“Thanks to the diligence of the staff of Le Soleil,” LePage said in a tone so synthetically cheerful that it turned sour.  “The matter resulted in no permanent harm.”
“Those reporters can be very diligent,” Filippi said, his eyes never leaving LePage's.
“What are you talking about?” Faure asked from his seat on Filippi's end of the table.  “That story just makes it more difficult to remove Barbier from the equation.”
“They didn't vote simply to ruin the senator,” LePage explained to Patrick.  “They voted to promote an alternate candidate in his place.”
“Who?” Patrick could not help but ask.
“General LaRoux,” Senator Levin said, although his tone and eyes did not indicate how he felt about the choice. 
“Perhaps we should vote again, so that these Members' votes can be heard,” Lecat suggested.
“The vote has been taken,” Faure said.  “And their votes cannot make up the margin.  The matter has been resolved.”
LePage's hand, clenched into a fist, was held tightly against his lips.  Patrick watched as he suppressed his anger before speaking again.
“I have spent the day in the company of the leaders of the anarchist group.  They are preparing another bombing, larger in scale than anything they've attempted thus far. They are awaiting supplies and instructions from a benefactor we have not yet identified.  This threat is what the Order should be concerned with, not king-making and political maneuvering.”
“The threat, as you call it, is limited to a handful of misguided youths operating in a group which you have infiltrated,” Filippi responded.  “As far as I am concerned, the anarchists are an issue for the Directorate of Intelligence and not this Order, which exists to preserve the stability of the nation.” 
“Are you mad?” Patrick interjected.  “Anarchist bombers planning attacks within the city do not constitute a threat to the nation's stability in your eyes?”
“It's not that the anarchists do not present a threat,” LePage answered, his voice low and tight.  “Now that we have determined they are being supplied and potentially guided by German interests, that threat is very real.  However, it appears that it is less important than Deputy Filippi's commandeering this Order for his own political purposes.”
The table erupted in outcry at this accusation, with half the members defending Filippi, and the others attempting to diffuse the situation.  Other than LePage and Filippi, only Patrick and Senator Levant remained silent. 
After a moment, Filippi held up a hand to silence the room.  “This Order has always been concerned with politics and matters of national importance -”
“No one here is attempting to minimize the danger presented by these bomb throwers -” Faure attempted to add, but Filippi cut him off.
“This Order is not a defense or law enforcement organization,” Filippi continued.  “But the fact that these anarchists are being influenced by outside forces only reinforces what this Order has already determined: that France must be prepared to defend itself from foreign invaders.”
“How much time must pass before you recognize that the stability of this country depends upon neutralizing threats before they develop into full-scale conflicts?” LePage demanded.  
“How much time must pass before you recognize the difference between this Order's goals and your responsibilities as a member of the intelligence service?” Filippi responded instantaneously.  “We can all appreciate the work you do and the sacrifices you have made in service to France, but your ongoing inability to be objective in the face of personal allegiances and your intelligence duties have led me to wonder if this Order is the place for the Directorate of Intelligence to be represented.”
“Do you have similar concerns about members of the press being represented?” LePage asked.
Even Faure and Becker, Filippi's most vocal supporters, seemed taken aback by the suggestion that Filippi had arranged for Delbonnel's arrest.  The air seemed to go out of the room.  
“The Order had no connection with the fifth member's unfortunate arrest,” Filippi announced in an admirably casual tone. 
Patrick looked up at LePage, who no longer seemed angry.  His face was weary and his body language resigned. He seemed profoundly disappointed as he rose to his feet.  Quietly, as if they were the only two men in the room, LePage addressed Filippi.  
“This Order was created to operate as a neutral body whose members put the health of France above their own interests.  I don't know the precise moment when it began to morph into a club for men to pool their influence to shape the country to suit their own interests, but I will never forget the night I realized the transformation was complete.”
Without another word, LePage turned and walked out the door and down the creaky wooden steps to the street below.
Filippi, for his part, seemed unaffected by LePage's words. He turned to the other men seated at the table and asked, “Does the Order have any other business this evening?”



CHAPTER NINETEEN


When Patrick called on LePage at his home later in the evening, LePage’s servant Sylvie was taken aback by Patrick’s appearance.  LePage had not yet returned home, but Patrick was permitted to wait for him in his study.
Immediately after Sylvie closed the doors behind him, Patrick made his way to the sideboard and poured himself a gauchely over-sized glass of cognac.  He had time only to take a single, long gulp of the liquor before the door opened behind him, however.  He turned to find Madeline standing in the doorway looking anxious.
“Madame LePage,” he said, attempting to appear cordial.
“Has something happened?” she asked.  She made no move to cross the threshold and enter the room.
“No,” he lied.  “My sincerest apologies if my inexcusably late appearance here tonight has caused you any alarm.  I have a matter of political urgency to discuss with the professor, but it is nothing for you to concern yourself with.”
“If your political matters concern both my husband and my father, then they concern me very much.”
Patrick cursed himself for being so absent-minded as to use politics as an excuse on the day Mrs. LePage's father had been smeared in the press.  The day had been so eventful, however, that the matter that played out in the city’s newspapers throughout the day felt as if it happened days, rather than hours, ago.
“I spent the afternoon in the Chamber,” he assured her.  “The deputies are sympathetic to your father.”
She nodded slightly, then seemed to decide to either take Patrick at his word or to ignore everything he had said. 
“Thank you,” she said. “Good evening.”  With that she withdrew, leaving Patrick alone to wait.
He had barely finished his drink before he heard the house's front door open.  Seconds later, LePage entered the room.  He did not appear to be at all surprised to find Patrick waiting, and he approached the room's only window before speaking. 
Yanking the curtains closed with a sharp tug, he said, “You’re sitting beside the only lit lamp in the house.  Anyone who passes by can see you sitting here waiting for me.”
“You were with Rousseau?” Patrick asked.
“Of course,” LePage said, as if answering questions to which both of them knew the answer made him weary. 
“I tried to see Veronique,” Patrick said, unable to stop himself from speaking.  “But she has been out all day.”
“It's the twentieth,” LePage said, forgoing the chair behind the desk and sitting in the armchair opposite Patrick's.  “Her parents were killed six years ago today.”
Patrick stared at LePage, wondering if there was anything he or the Directorate for which he worked did not know.  “What now?” he asked. 
“My top priority is monitoring the anarchists to prevent their next attack.  We can no longer rely upon the Order to provide us information or to act according to the resolutions reached at the table.  Filippi controls the group.”
“What is his agenda?”
“He wants war, preferably against Germany.  He still feels the sting of the humiliation of the surrender and the Commune.”
“That's hardly a justification for war,” Patrick noted.
“The world is vast, but it is not infinite.  Every power in Europe is in a race to extend its influence, and conflict is inevitable.  Filippi and his ilk believe that France must take aggressive steps to prepare for the battle before we find ourselves in defeat once again.”
“We need to stop them from doing anything rash,” Patrick realized. 
“Senator Barbier is more important than ever, now.  We must protect him.”
“From political attacks?” Patrick asked.
“From anything,” LePage answered, eyeing Patrick deliberately, and Patrick did not have to be reminded of the history of assassinations Veronique had suggested were linked to the Order.  “That goes for your paramour as well.”
“She is not my -” Patrick began reflexively before stopping himself.  “You think she is in danger?” 
“She controls the largest arms manufacturing concern in the country.  It will be essential that control of her firm remains in France, and that its operation remains intact.  This business of interfering with presidential politics is only part of Filippi's agenda.  He will want France to begin arming herself to show her strength to the rest of the world.”
“We should speak to some of the other Members,” Patrick suggested, remembering the reticence Senator Levin had displayed during the evening's meeting.  “Not everyone is in lockstep agreement with Filippi.”
“That's very dangerous,” LePage said. “Once Filippi and his cronies see you taking affirmative steps against them, they will strike back.” 
“We can't sit and do nothing,” Patrick replied.  LePage fell quiet.  “I know you won't like this, but you do know who we need to bring into our confidence . . .”
“I know,” LePage responded. “And you are correct.  I don't like it.” 



Patrick had hired the cab in front of the Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Pres, paying the coachman in advance to proceed down the Rue de Conde and stop outside the Luxembourg Palace, as if waiting for a fare.  Patrick sat inside the cab, the curtain drawn so that he would not be seen.  
When the door opened, Patrick was relieved to find Senator Levant standing outside it.  Upon seeing Patrick occupying the cab, Levant hesitated only a fraction of a second before climbing into the cab and shutting the door. 
“Deputy Dupuy,” he said.  “What a remarkable coincidence.”
Levant, the eldest son of one of Paris's most prominent families, had been elected to citywide office at an even younger age than Patrick.  Merely four years older than Patrick, he was already an influential member of the Senate and the ninth member of the Order of Twelve.  
“You are aware that each of our chambers provides us with comfortable office space in which to hold meetings,” he said as coachman lurched the cab forward without instructions from either of his passengers.
“Our offices are hardly appropriate locations to discuss the topic I have in mind,” Patrick replied.  
“I can only assume you wish to discuss the Order’s last meeting,” Levant responded in a hushed voice.  
“It’s actually the penultimate meeting I am interested in,” Patrick said.  
Levant shrugged.  “It unfolded as Deputy Filippi described.  The proposal was taken up by the Order and approved.”
“Despite your dissent,” Patrick said.
Levant glanced at him. “Who else have you spoken with?”
“Lecat and Rissient.”
Levant grimaced. “That was a mistake,” he said. “Lecat, I mean, not Rissient.  I was surprised myself, but Lecat is in total agreement with Filippi.”
Patrick wished he'd had the chance to speak with Levant first.  He had not been greeted by either of the other two men with such candor.  
“Rissient advised me that he had no choice but to follow Filippi,” Patrick said.
“That is also true.  He's less a true believer than a pragmatist.  He and Filippi represent the same district, and even if they're in opposite parties and different chambers, Filippi could cause him problems.”
“It seems to me that recruiting two Members from the legislature from the same district might not have been the best choice,” Patrick pointed out.
“Try explaining that to a room full of Parisians who are choosing between candidates from Paris and Nice,” Levant replied. 
Patrick drew a card from within his jacket.  It was a playbill for a performance of La Rigoletto at the Garnier Opera house.  In the space between the second and third acts, Patrick had drawn an inverted version of the Pisces symbol. 
“Taking some time to appreciate the arts?” Levant asked, glancing at the playbill. 
“It's good for the soul,” Patrick replied. 
“You didn't give one of these to Rissient or Lecat?” Levant asked.
Patrick shook his head.  His conversations with Rissient and Lecat had been meant to gauge the allegiances of the Orders’ other members.  Both had spoken to him in diplomatic terms.  Levant’s honesty, however, indicated that he could be an ally beyond providing a friendly vote within the Order.    
“I haven't been to the opera in some time,” Levant mused.  “I’m fairly reluctant to do anything that takes time away from my pre-existing commitments.” 
“I'm not asking you to do anything that jeopardizes your position within the Order,” Patrick said, divining Levant's meaning.  “I'm not quite ready to burn my bridges and storm off after LePage.”
Levant eyed him closely. “You might not get the chance.”



“I called on you,” Patrick said.  “Two days ago.”
Veronique fell silent for a moment, busying herself arranging the papers spread out on the table in the middle of her study.
“I was not in the city,” she replied in a tight voice.
“So Sofia informed me,” Patrick said.  He held his breath as he waited to see if Veronique would share anything more with him about her sudden disappearance.
“It was the anniversary of my parents’ murders,” she said, looking up at him.  “I can hardly believe that six years have passed.”
Patrick did not know what to say to her.  He had expected her to become emotional at the mention of her parents’ deaths, and he had been prepared to console her.  The look on her face was not one of grief, however.  Her delicate features were dark with anger and her eyes were intent as she stared at him across the table.  
“There’s something about the date that brings back all of the feelings I’ve worked to resolve within myself over the years.  I can’t spend the day in this house.”
“That’s understandable,” Patrick suggested.
“This is the first time I’ve been in this room since your last visit,” she told him, pacing the length of the table and surveying the books lining the wall behind him.  “Every year, I have to work to suppress my anger.”
“It’s anger you feel?” he asked, surprised.  
“Rage,” she clarified.  “One day, I will learn the identity of whomever was responsible for their deaths, and I will repay them in kind.  Until that day, it falls to me to suppress the anger I feel.”
Patrick was so taken aback by the look in her eyes, he could not think of a single thing to say in response.  Her expression was nothing short of murderous, and in that moment, he had no doubt she fully intended to carry through on her threat.      
“What is your next step?” she asked, approaching the chart spread out on the table.  She had summoned a lighter tone of voice in which to speak, and Patrick was meant to understand without any uncertainty that the conversation about her parents’ deaths had come to an end.   
“We meet tonight,” he answered, drawing a copy of the playbill for Rigoletto from the inside pocket of his jacket in his eagerness to move the topic on to other business.  
She glanced over the playbill’s cover.  “Are you inviting me to accompany you to the opera, Monsieur?” she asked.
“Oh, no,” he rushed to correct her.  This meeting fell under the umbrella of LePage’s and Rousseau’s intelligence operations, and Veronique could not be present for it.  “I mean, people are already talking about -”
“What are people talking about?” she asked in a tone that indicated that she knew precisely what people were saying.
“Merely that we have been observed about the city in one another's company,” he responded. 
Veronique waived his concerns away.  “If I based my actions on what people said about me, I would have sold my family's factory, converted to Catholicism, and enrolled in a convent while still in my girlhood.”
Patrick tried to imagine her as a nun, but he found the image too absurd even to contemplate. 
“This meeting will not only include LePage and Levant,” he attempted to explain.  “It will include other parties who might be reluctant to appear in the presence of ...”
“In ‘the presence of’ a what?” she demanded, her eyes bright with indignation.  
“Someone they do not know,” he said, trying to defuse the matter.  “I simply cannot allow you to be a part of this.”
“I don’t see how you can prevent me from doing so,” Veronique said in a casual tone of voice that disarmed Patrick.  “If I chose to attend this evening’s performance, that’s entirely my concern.  I do, after all, have a box at the opera house.”
“I -” Patrick tried to interject, but she paid him no mind.  
“And while I am seated in it I will have an expansive view of the auditorium,” she mused.  “And if I spy you or Professor LePage in the audience and take the opportunity to approach the two of you with a polite greeting -”
“You don’t understand,” Patrick said.  “There is more to this than you know.”
She stared at him, an eyebrow raised in curious expectation, but with an accusatory glare in her eyes.
Patrick sighed.  He had known from the beginning that sharing so much confidential information with Veronique presented risks, but she had shown herself to be such a resourceful ally in his quest to get to the truth at the heart of all the mysterious goings-on that surrounded him, he could not resist.  In truth, however, his taking her into his confidence had been a convenient tool for ingratiating himself with her.  He had shared too much with her about the Order and its members, and it would be his fault if she caused trouble for herself by trying to involve herself in Rousseau’s and LePage’s business.            
“LePage is not a professor of architecture,” he said after a long pause.  
Veronique moved to the armed chair at the head of the long table at the center of the room and took a seat.  “Well, that much was plain enough,” she said as she looked up at him.  
“He’s a spy,” Patrick began. 



CHAPTER TWENTY


Later that evening, Patrick found himself arriving in front of Veronique's home in a hired four-wheeler, dressed in his formal dark tail coat and trousers, his white bow tie tightly knotted beneath his wing collar.  Ringing the bell, he was greeted by Sofia, whose air was one of formal detachment this evening, rather than of her customary belligerent antipathy.  He wondered if Veronique had spoken to her about her demeanor, or if she finally approved of him now that he was suitably dressed to be received in her master's home.
Patrick waited only moments in the grand foyer before Veronique appeared on the stairs at the far end of the hall.  She looked radiant in a summer evening gown of white mousseline and ecru lace.  Her hair, black as India ink, complemented the brilliance of the gown by contrast, but Patrick could not take his eyes from her hers as she approached him. 
“You are as beautiful as a summer day,” he said, trying to mask the effect she had on him with the tongue-in-cheek use of purple language. 
“And I could listen to you compliment me all evening,” she replied.  “But we must be off.”
Patrick slipped his watch from the pocket of his waistcoat.  The time had slipped away from him while he dressed, and the curtain was scheduled to rise on Rigoletto within thirty minutes’ time. 



At the performance's second intermission, after Rigoletto swore vengeance against the Duke, Patrick and Veronique made their way out to the Opera Garnier's Grand Foyer with the rest of the audience in the same manner as they had done after the conclusion of the first Act.  There, they moved aimlessly throughout the crowded space, admiring the sumptuous Baroque décor and basking in the light of the grand chandeliers as the long room’s many mirrors reflected it onto them.  The Beaux Arts opera house, all gold leaf and marble, was the most egregiously opulent construction Patrick had ever seen outside Versailles, and it was remarkable, even for a visitor like himself who had no interest whatsoever in the evening’s performance.
Veronique made polite conversation with several of the other patrons who recognized her, but her eyes moved about the blindingly extravagant space almost as if not seeing it.  When Patrick commented on the décor, Veronique rolled her eyes as if the opera house had been built, to her embarrassment, by an eccentric relative.  
“It’s archaic,” she said, her dark eyes scanning the crowd of impeccably dressed Parisians as they were reflected in the mirrors lining the wall nearby.  “I’m no anarchist, but it’s really something of a minor miracle that they haven’t yet tried to toss a bomb into the auditorium of this opera house.”
“It’s unlikely that they could afford the price even of an orchestra ticket,” he said in an effort to maintain the light mood between.  His thoughts quickly turned to the consideration of the likelihood of such an attack.  When Veronique smiled at his comment, however, he forgot about his concerns regarding the security of the opera house and concerned himself with watching the light of the chandeliers overhead sparkle in her eyes.             
When the tide of black, tailed coats and formal gowns receded back into the auditorium, Patrick and Veronique did not did not allow themselves to be swept along with it. Instead, they emerged from the grand foyer onto the landing at the top of the opera house’s famous grand staircase.  The steps and rails were built of marble of varying colors, and the light thrown by the gilded candelabras installed at the summit of the stairs reflected in their polished surface as if off a placid body of water.  
They arranged themselves behind one of the columns at the head of one of the two sets of stairs leading up from the ground floor and made small talk about the performance for the sake of appearances.  After a brief pause, they heard the orchestra come to life inside the auditorium and, as if responding to that cue, Senator Levant appeared beside them, his laconic air undercutting the rigid appearance suggested by his formal wear.  
“A remarkable performance,” he said, drawing a pouch of tobacco from the inside of his coat, as if he were preparing to smoke.  Patrick noted that while Levant folded and creased the packet in his hands, the man never made a genuine effort to open it.  Patrick could not determine if the young senator was attempting to put on a pantomime for the benefit of any onlookers, or if the man was nervous to the point of fidgeting. 
“It's breathtaking,” Veronique said without affect, as if the words sprang from her mouth without her conscious effort. 
“You think so?” came a voice from behind them.  They turned in unison to see the Countess Sybille Estampe standing behind them.  She was dressed in a formal gown of black satin and lace that defied the season’s heat and the customary style of attire that accompanied it.  Around her neck, she wore a tightly wound scarf of finely embroidered black gauze.  “I myself have been underwhelmed.”
“I find it difficult to accept that Germany's productions of Vivaldi are superior to ours,” LePage’s voice said.  Patrick turned slightly to see him standing, shielded by a marble column from nearly any viewpoint in the lobby, as if he had materialized there in the moment before he spoke.
“You mustn't speak with such confidence on matters that are outside the scope of your field, Professor,” Countess Estampe replied.  Her voice was cool, but her eyes were as bright as electric lights. 
Patrick watched as LePage fixed one of his unreadable gazes on the Countess, who simply glanced away from him and surveyed the others with an appraising look of her own.  Patrick marveled at how effortlessly the woman seemed to dominate any gathering that she attended. 
“Is that who I think it is?” Levant asked Patrick. 
“Countess Estampe,” Veronique said, nodding toward the beautiful, blonde woman. 
“Charmed,” the Countess said, favoring Levant with a warmly superior smile. 
Levant stared at Patrick.  “Is there anyone else we should be expecting?” he asked.
“We are already joined by an unexpected attendee,” LePage said, staring at Veronique.
“Yes, well,” Patrick began.  “I asked Mademoiselle Deschamps to accompany me tonight.”
“Well, could you ask your date to wait for you inside the auditorium?” LePage said, his voice tight.  
“Oh, let her be, Professor” the Countess said.  Something about the way she italicized the word “professor” with the tone of her voice seemed to disarm LePage.  “If our suspicions are correct and our two nations are being pushed toward conflict with one another, I’d prefer to have the proprietor of your country’s largest arms firm on our side, rather than opposing us.”
The others present looked to LePage, whose face was grim, but who said nothing.
“If we are going to speak, let us do so,” Levant proposed.  “The longer we stand here, the greater the risk of our being discovered.  And while I bear no ill feelings toward Professor LePage, I move in circles where he has made himself something of an outsider.”
“Your friends with their zodiac signs are not our primary concern,” Countess Estampe interrupted.  Levant looked searchingly from LePage to Patrick at this casual reference to the Order.  “Except, of course, the man who employs that gentleman.”
With a delicate nod, imperceptibly subtle to anyone outside their circle, she gestured over the railing to the floor at the foot of the grand staircase.  Patrick's eyes followed involuntarily before LePage said, “Don't look,” in a voice so low and fierce that it was impossible to ignore.  In the second before Patrick jerked his head back and turned away from the railing, he glimpsed a shadowy figure at the base of the staircase.  
Countess Estampe turned toward LePage, whose eyes were on her face, but whose attention was on the man downstairs. “He's Faure's man,” she told him.  “And it will not do to have him reporting back to that windbag about our very first meeting.”
“No, it most certainly will not,” Levant said, as if he were the only one present who appreciated the risks associated with one of Filippi’s allies learning of their clandestine meeting. 
“Oh, Senator, calm yourself,” the Countess said.  “You are not the only one among us with secrets.”
Levant stared back at her, his face suddenly lacking all color.  Patrick saw plainly that the young Senator was concerned about the extent of the Countess’s knowledge with an intensity that indicated the secrets she mentioned were of a greater number and a more personal nature than his mere involvement in the Order of Twelve.  Patrick glanced at the Countess, but her face betrayed no hint of the specific nature of her knowledge as she smiled pleasantly at Levant.
LePage ignored their exchange as he began looking casually about, surveying the hall. 
“The exits are secure,” Countess Estampe said. “He won't be able to slip outside.”  
Patrick watched LePage react to this information.  Instead of staring at her and trying to evaluate her, as was his habit, he appeared to accept her statement as fact and ready himself to act.  In that moment, the pair seemed like old collaborators falling back into step together.  The sight was entirely in conflict with the disdainful manner in which LePage customarily spoke of the Countess.  In this case, LePage appeared satisfied that her word could be trusted, and he gave her a weighty look loaded with meaning before turning to Patrick. 
“If he gets past me, you'll need to keep him from the balconies on this floor,” he said, and started casually off down the steps without waiting for a response.  Patrick instantly felt a surge of adrenaline.  He glanced at Veronique to verify that she had heard LePage charge him with this responsibility. 
Before LePage could reach the landing halfway down the staircase, however, the man Countess Estampe had described as Faure's suddenly abandoned his vantage point, spooked by something.  He started off at a brisk pace down the long, hallway below, out of sight and in the direction of one of the opera house’s main exits.  In response, LePage hopped up onto the marble rail of the lower staircase, sliding swiftly to the floor below, where he landed with a solid thud and started off after Faure’s man at a sprint.   
The others, including Patrick, merely stared at LePage’s display of agility from their positions at the top of the staircase.
“Professor LePage appears to have our eavesdropper well in hand,” Countess Estampe said, turning away from the steps and back to face Patrick, Levant, and Veronique.  “As each of you may or may not know, the good professor has made great strides in his efforts to penetrate the anarchists' organization, but the target of their next attack remains to be ascertained.”
“Who are you?” Levant asked, slack-jawed.  Patrick glanced at Veronique, whose own expression was one of amazement. 
“Merely a citizen concerned with the welfare of her adopted country,” Countess Estampe replied, waving away Levant's question as if it were nothing more than a polite inquiry about the weather.  “It is essential that this attack be prevented.”
“I think we can all agree that the lives of however many innocent French citizens are an important concern,” Levant responded, looking around the group as if trying to determine if he were missing something everyone else knew.
“Well, yes,” the Countess replied, appearing to be taken aback for the first time that evening.  “There is that.  But there is also the matter of the political repercussions of the deaths of however many French citizens to consider.  There are those who would seek to use such a tragedy to further their own agendas.”
“Hold on,” Patrick interjected. “We may not be on good terms with M. Filippi at the present time, but he is not the kind of man who would ignore a threat to his fellow countrymen to obtain a favorable result at the polls.”
“He showed no real concern about the threat,” Levant pointed out.
Before Patrick could respond, Countess Estampe said, “I was not referring to Deputy Filippi.  He's a fool, but he's not so coldly calculating.”
“What do you propose we do?” Patrick asked. 
“The only thing we can do is keep our eyes open and our ears alert,” the Countess said.  “Together, we may be able to piece together the various strands of the plot and unravel it before tragedy strikes.  But I fear that such a task is beyond any one of us alone.”



LePage emerged from the theater's east entryway, one arm clasped tightly around the middle-aged man's neck, the other pinning the man's right arm against his back.  Without pausing to look for oncoming traffic, LePage proceeded across the Rue de Charenton – dragging the man's feet directly across a pile of horse leavings – toward Rousseau and Garijo, who were engaged in a pantomime show intended to capture the likeness of two friends who'd met by chance on the street.  At the site of LePage's approach, Rousseau broke character and waved his hand in the air, as if signaling for a cab. 
In an instant, LePage heard the clomping of a horse's hooves on the street.  Before he reached the far sidewalk, an unmarked police wagon had come to a stop in front of him.  Garijo immediately went to the rear of the wagon and opened the door. 
“What have you brought us,” Rousseau asked, eyeing the middle-aged man with interest.
“Anarchist sympathizer,” LePage said with a shrug.  “He was casing the opera for a potential bombing.”  He released the alleged anarchist bomber into Garijo's formidable arms.
“Are you mad?” the man rasped, the grip around his neck having been released.  “I am the vice president of the Parisian Ironworks Company.  This man was inside meeting with a known German spy -”
The vice president's words were cut off by the loud metallic clang of the wagon’s barred doors swinging home. 
“German spy?” Rousseau asked.  The middle-aged man continued to protest his incarceration from inside the police wagon, but his complaints became inaudible after Garijo slapped the side of the wagon, and it lurched off down the street as if had never appeared.  “How did she look?”
LePage glared at him, as unamused by Rousseau’s mocking as he ever was.  
“That good, then?” Rousseau continued, smiling. 
“She says she has the building secured,” LePage said.
“We saw them,” Rousseau responded. “Three of Germany's finest officers.”  He nodded toward the entrance from which LePage had emerged. “She left the front door to us.”
LePage considered this information.  If the German woman meant to betray them, she would not have left the responsibility of guarding one of the opera's entrances to Rousseau and his man. 
“How long do you want him out of the way?” Rousseau asked, nodding in the direction the carriage had gone. 
“Long enough for me to suss out who's on whose side.” He turned back toward the opera house.
“Does this mean-” Rousseau began.
“No,” LePage replied, not needing to hear the rest of the question.  “I still don't trust her.”
Back inside the opera house, LePage could hear the distant vibrato of a dramatic aria emanating from within the auditorium as he approached the base of the grand staircase.  Looking up, he saw Countess Estampe descending the stairs to meet him. 
“The meeting is adjourned?” he asked as he reached the base of the steps. 
“I sent the children inside before we were noticed by someone else you would be compelled to drag off to your dungeon,” she replied, stopping her descent one step from the bottom so that they faced each other eye to eye.  “Filippi and his cronies are going to respond.”
“I know it,” he said, growing irritated by her need to speak aloud in a matter of fact tone that which was understood between them.
“Does he?” she asked, nodding upward toward where they were previously meeting with Dupuy. 
“He'll find out soon enough,” he told her.
“And as for you?” she asked, her tone light, but her eyes working to show concern.
“Filippi knows better than to confront me.  When he retaliates, it will be against Dupuy.”
“A pity,” she noted. “I wonder if he enjoyed his time in the Chamber of Deputies.”



CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE


“Nothing specific,” Rousseau repeated. 
“How is that no one can extract anything from this boy?” LePage asked, pacing across the stretch of unoccupied space behind the chair he routinely occupied during these meetings. 
By “no one,” LePage meant to indicate Rousseau himself, but if the older man understood LePage's meaning, he did not show any sign of having done so.  He said, “He continues to resist our interrogation efforts.  It is possible, too, that the next attack has been identified since Deputy Dupuy captured him.”
LePage frowned at Rousseau to indicate his opinion of Dupuy’s “capture” of the young courier. 
“What of your efforts?” Rousseau continued.  “Have your bomb throwing friends given you any indication of what is being planned?”
LePage shook his head, irritated by his own failure as much as by Rousseau's so pointedly turning the tables on him.  “All is quiet.”
“It seems like too much to hope they've seen the errors of their ways and are going to focus their energies on more constructive pursuits,“ Rousseau said, his eyes on the end of his cigar as he lit it.  “So the question becomes, have they turned on you after the incident with the courier?” 
“It's too early to say.  I certainly can't force the issue.”
“Which of them is the naïve one?” Rousseau asked, sitting back in his high-back chair.
“Thamssin.”
“He's a frustrated young man,” Rousseau mused, taking a long puff from his cigar.  “Get him drunk and talking.”
LePage stared at Rousseau, trying to determine if the man was joking. 
“Take him to Madame Pommereulle's,” Rousseau said with a shrug.



Madame Pommereulle was the proprietor of what, to LePage's knowledge, was the most expensive in Paris.  It was not located in Pigalle.  Instead, it could be found on the Rue des Archives in the Fourth Arrondissement in a stately mansion, the first floor of which was occupied by a tailor's workshop.  
No sign advertised the services offered on floors two through floor, and there was no music or dancing on the premises.  Apart from the ground floor entrance to the tailor's shop, there were three private entrances to the building, one of which opened on the street, one on the alley behind the building, and a third accessible by stairs mounted to the side of the house.
As was his habit, LePage made use of the alley entrance.  Inside, he mounted a flight of stairs and entered a well-appointed parlor.  A bar was set up on a gilded sideboard in one corner, and the sofas were both occupied by pairs of girls chatting amiably.  Each of the young women was fashionably dressed, and nothing in their appearances set them apart from their counterparts at any salon in the city.  As he entered, the fairest haired member of the group looked up at the doorway, but LePage quickly averted his gaze in an effort to avoid making eye contact with a familiar face.
“Professor LePage,” a soft voice said from behind him. He turned to find Madame Pommereulle at his side.  She was older than LePage, approximately forty.  She was plump but still pretty, with intelligent eyes and a warm smile.  “May I take your coat?”
“No, thank you,” LePage responded to the question, which constituted a de facto code.  He scanned the room a second time. 
“He hasn't gone upstairs?” he asked.
“Oh, heavens no,” Madame Pommereulle replied with an audible laugh.  “Your friend strikes me as somewhat shy. He's in the study.”
LePage nodded and moved toward a doorway near the bar into a smaller room, furnished with comfortable armchairs and lit dimly by old-fashioned candelabras.  The room contained no books or newspapers, and it was referred to as a study by default, as calling it a waiting room for men who needed to summon their courage with a drink was bad for business. 
Thamssin was alone in the room, a glass of wine in his hand.  LePage glanced over his shoulder where Madame Pommereulle was hovering discreetly.  “Bring us a bottle,” he said quietly. 
“Cognac?” she asked. 
“Whiskey.”
Entering the room, he smiled and approached Thamssin. He greeted the young man warmly, sitting in the armchair opposite him.  No sooner had he relaxed into the chair than a pretty young woman in a wispy summer gown with a distinctly low bodice appeared and set a silver tray on the table between them.  The tray bore an unopened bottle of scotch whiskey and two finely cut crystal glasses. 
The young woman smiled warmly, first at LePage and then Thamssin.  Thamssin’s gaze remained transfixed on the young woman’s eyes, likely in an effort to keep his own from wandering down the front of her gown. 
“Thank you,” LePage said, his tone short.  Madame Pommereulle never let an opportunity to attract a new customer pass her by, but while LePage wanted Thamssin distracted, he also needed the young man to be present for a conversation and not following the young woman upstairs. 
Thamssin stared as the young woman left the room.  After a moment, he leaned forward in his seat.  “I think this place is a . . .” he said, lowering his voice.  “A brothel.”
“What better place to speak discreetly?” LePage asked, pulling the cork from the bottle of whiskey with a sharp and satisfying pop.  He poured himself three fingers in the first glass, and then reached for the second.
“I have wine,” Thamssin said, gesturing with his half-filled glass.  LePage leaned forward, sniffed the wine Thamssin swirled in the glass, and shook his head.  “Never drink wine in a brothel,” he said.  “They know you'll be too distracted to notice the inferiority of the vintage.”  He nodded toward the parlor, where a beautiful Spanish girl was joining the other young women on the sofas.  Thamssin smiled, and set his wine glass down. 
After two hours spent sipping the scotch whiskey and discussing the failings of the government and the dawn of a new age of empowerment for the people, LePage was quite thoroughly drunk.  The bottle of whiskey was half empty, and he and Thamssin had matched each other drink for drink.  He had tried to employ a few practiced tricks – phantom pouring, sloshing the contents of his glass, surreptitiously spitting partial mouthfuls into his palm – but Thamssin kept close watch on him, monitoring his drinking as closely as he himself was monitoring Thamssin's.
Later in the evening, as the light burned low, Madame Pommereulle sent another member of her formidable roster of alluring young women into the study, ostensibly to change the candles.  LePage watched as Thamssin's gaze followed the girl, and he read the young man's thoughts as if they were written across his forehead.  Thamssin sat rapt as he watched as the young woman reach and stretch to light each new candle in its candelabra.  LePage could almost hear the younger man’s thoughts as he realized that with a word and a sufficient number of francs, he could have the young woman within minutes.  
LePage recognized that his moment had arrived.
“Has there been no word from our benefactor?” he asked.
Thamssin nodded slowly, his eyes never leaving the girl. 
LePage did not like learning that instructions had arrived from the group’s benefactor without his being informed.  “And what of them?” he asked.  
“Hmm?” Thamssin asked, turning to LePage as if having been awakened from a dream.  LePage had hoped that drink would loosen the young man's lips; instead, it appeared to have dulled him into a drowsy stupor.  “Oh, I do not know the substance of the latest communication.  It was received by Maly sometime this afternoon.”
LePage considered the meaning of what he believed to have been an overt attempt to exclude him from the organization's inner circle, despite his recent election. There appeared to be a developing trend along those lines lately. 
“We should be meeting to determine how to carry out the instructions, no?” LePage asked. 
Thamssin shrugged.  “Who knows what the message says. They come in the form of ciphers, and they urge us to prepare a deed of propaganda, but no specific instructions are ever sent.  There are some in the group who believe these messages to be part of an elaborate trap.”
“Do you believe someone is trying to trap us?” LePage asked.
Thamssin set his glass on the table.  “I think it more likely that someone sympathetic to our cause wants to help, but is reluctant to take an active role.  Instead, he provides us with supplies and gives encouragement, but if the police ever raid us, our mysterious benefactor will vanish in the breeze.”
“Where is Maly tonight?” LePage asked. 
“Where else?”
LePage could wait no longer.  Rousing Thamssin, which took more than an inconsiderable effort, he led the young man out of Madame Pommereulle's and into the warm night air.  While Thamssin stared longingly back at the house's unremarkable facade, LePage hailed a cab and instructed the coachman to take them to Les Halles. 
The butcher shop was in ruins from the explosion and ensuing fire, but the building remained standing.  The windows and facade had been boarded in an effort to give the appearance of being deserted.  In practice, the boards affixed to the windows only made the ruined building a better meeting place for the anarchists, who gathered in the wreckage on the ground floor around candle flames, plotting their attacks. 
When LePage approached the back entrance of the building, he was surprised to find precisely how drunk he remained.  To gain access to the rear door, one had to step through a pile of bricks and charred debris that required dexterity and quick footwork, and before they reached the door, LePage almost tripped over a ruined window frame.  Thamssin fared no better, slipping and falling to his knees twice.  After the first fall he laughed in the manner of a carefree drunkard.  After the second, he cursed and staggered when he saw the blood he'd spilled through the tear in his trousers. 
Inside the burned butcher's shop, they found Maly and another of the anarchists, Langlois, huddled in a corner and sitting on what remained of the butcher's counter top.  A cluster of lit candles was set out on the counter between them, illuminating their faces in an unnatural light while leaving the corners of the room shrouded in shadows.  Without thinking, LePage scanned the dark corners of the room for movement until he was certain he was alone with the three men. 
While LePage examined the room, Thamssin clumsily closed the rear door behind them. 
“Professor LePage,” Maly said, hoping down to the ash covered floor.  Langlois followed suit.  “How was your evening?”  Maly had recovered nicely from his injuries in the fire.  His arms and hands showed scars from the flames, but his face had been spared.  His voice remained hoarse and weak, and his movements were slowed to a speed more appropriate for a man twenty years his senior, but his eyes were sharp and his mind clear.  
“We've been to a brothel,” Thamssin said, with no small measure of pride. 
“Is that so?” Maly asked.  “Perhaps I've misjudged you, Professor.”
“Thamssin says a message has been received,” LePage said, remaining in the center of the room while the young men took positions on three sides of him.  They were displaying a casual air, but LePage could smell the tension in the room.
“Thamssin spoke truthfully,” Maly said, producing a small card from the inside of his jacket.  “I have the wire here.”  He held the card out to LePage, who hesitated for part of a second, evaluating the situation.  Maly's hand had returned to his jacket pocket, where LePage was certain the man was concealing a weapon.  Thamssin was standing behind LePage, near the door, but the young man was surely intoxicated to the point that he could constitute no threat to him.  Langlois, however, had positioned himself to LePage's right, slightly behind him, in a nakedly aggressive posture. 
Before another second passed and Maly had an opportunity to draw whatever was hidden in his pocket, LePage summoned the strength and focus he needed to act.  With hands faster than these young men could have envisioned, he grasped the blackened and jagged wreckage of a stool from near his feet and, in one fluid motion, propelled the wooden projectile at Langlois.  While the stool remained in flight, he took three steps toward Maly and caught the hand drawing a knife from his coat pocket.  Maly grunted and tied to overpower LePage, but his stance and posture left him off-balance, and LePage was able to twist the knife from Maly’s grasp.  As he heard the crash of wood against the floor behind him, LePage slammed the butt of the knife into Maly's cheek and then elbowed the anarchist with the same arm under his jaw.  Maly dropped to the floor in a howl of pain. 
Spinning, LePage saw that Langlois had been knocked to the ground by the impact of the wooden stool.  One of the broken, jagged legs had stuck in the young man's leg, which was now bleeding profusely.  A pistol was lying on the floor where Langlois had dropped it when his leg had been pierced by the projectile.
LePage moved toward the pistol, but Langlois was too concerned with his bleeding extremity to make any attempt to recover it.  Retrieving the light, inexpensive revolver from the floor, LePage raised it and pointed it in the direction of Thamssin, who was staring at him, wide-eyed.  After a moment of staring at the barrel of the pistol, Thamssin spun around, faced the darkened corner of the room, and vomited on the floor. 
LePage turned away, not wanting to know how his stomach would react to his smelling the contents of Thamssin's.  He walked back toward the sound of Maly's garbled groans, his head feeling cloudy again with the effect of drink for the first time since Thamssin had closed the door behind him. 
On the floor, in a mess of prints his feet had left in the dust and ash, he saw the telegram lying where Maly had dropped it.  Bending over to retrieve it, LePage felt dizzy.  He rose slowly to his feet before holding the card out toward the light of the candle flames.  It read:

Kill LePage.



CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

After summoning Rousseau and dispensing with the incapacitated anarchists, LePage returned home to a dark and silent house.  Trying to avoid raising either of the house’s other inhabitants, he rinsed the ash and dirt from his hands and face in a basin in the kitchen at the rear of the house.  He kept the movements quiet, however, as he was acutely aware that the kitchen was located directly beneath Madeline’s bedroom.  As he watched the water in the basin turn cloudy, then dark, with the dissolving grime, he replayed the evening's events in his mind and took a tally of its costs.  He had spent months infiltrating the anarchist group, only to have his cover blown by a wire that had rendered his time and effort wasted and had left him no closer to identifying the anarchists' ultimate target. 
LePage dried his face and hands before throwing the towel down on the wooden table at the center of the room in disgust.  He remained in the kitchen, dark save for a slice of moonlight permitted to cut through the blackness by a space between the curtains hanging over the rear window, and he looked up toward the ceiling.   Dispirited and still drunk, he considered, and not for the first time, telling Madeline one thing, anything, about his thwarted efforts in an effort to unburden himself of the oppressive sense of frustration weighing on his shoulders.  He knew, of course, that involving Madeline in his work could only provide him with a fleeting sense of relief, while putting her at permanent risk of harm.  She was his wife in name only, and such a burden was not hers to bear.  As was the case whenever he was saddled with a compulsion to do so, he exercised restraint and stood silently and alone in the kitchen until the impulse passed through him.     
Retiring to his study, he sat staring at the wall hangings and waiting for fatigue to set in until he heard a sharp rapping on the window.  Without thinking, he immediately put out the lamp, as the glare it cast blinded him to whoever was lurking in the darkness outside.  Drawing a pistol from the drawer in his desk, he approached the curtains at the side of the window and peered out.  By the light of the moon, he saw Dupuy's face, wrinkled and stretched in consternation, staring in at him.  LePage nodded for the younger man to approach the door. 
Sighing heavily, LePage approached the foyer with great reluctance.  Less than an hour had passed since the anarchists had ambushed him, and he was still feeling heavy and sluggish from the alcohol he'd consumed.  Opening the door, the flurry of movement and the harsh, grating sound of Dupuy's stage-whispered ranting made his head begin to pound in protest at being forced to endure the protestation.
“Have you seen this?” Dupuy demanded, waiving a copy of the evening edition of Le Avant-Courier.  LePage shepherded the agitated young man into his study. 
“I have been occupied this evening,” LePage responded softly, as if his measured tone would somehow inspire Dupuy to calm himself. 
“Read it,” Dupuy said, shoving the crumpled newspaper into LePage's hands.
LePage sighed and scanned the front page.  In the headlines, he found nothing to explain Dupuy's state of excitement until he flipped the paper and read below the fold.  There, the story concerned a certain young deputy suspected of financial improprieties, personal indiscretions, and subversive activities.  The newspaper was, of course, a conservative publication Filippi had previously utilized to broadcast this type of smear attack, but the story was all the more effective for the many details about Dupuy’s life and interests that had been lifted from the forms he had executed upon being admitted to the Order.  
“It's not retaliatory,” LePage said, although he could not have said why.  He suddenly felt fatigued and would have given anything to persuade Dupuy to leave and return in the morning.  He sat heavily in the armchair by the window.  “It's strategic.”
“To what end?” Dupuy demanded, pacing in his excitement and paying no mind to LePage's condition.
“He means to discredit you now that you're aligned against him,” LePage responded.
“And when can we expect to see your name on the front pages?” Dupuy asked in an accusatory way, as if LePage were to blame for Filippi's tactics.
LePage rolled his head heavily toward the younger man with an expression that told him that such an event was not remotely likely.
“What about the documents you filled out upon admission to the Order?” he asked.
“Falsified,” LePage said.
“That's wonderful,” Dupuy said, throwing up his hands in a broad gesture of frustration.  “While all this time, mine sat waiting to ruin me.”
“You must understand -” LePage began, but Dupuy cut him off.
“What is going to happen, now?” Dupuy demanded.
“You are not going to be re-elected to office,” LePage replied in a matter-of-fact tone.  “You're finished in politics.”
Dupuy froze, his emotions colliding inside him. Without any effort, LePage could see that anger and panic were pulling Dupuy in opposite directions.  “This is my career,” he said in a despairing voice after panic won out. “This is my father's seat in the Chamber.”
“And now it will be someone else's,” LePage said, his eyes heavy and his brain too lazy to put a fine point on much of anything at this late hour.  “Did you even want to be re-elected?” he asked.
Dupuy stared back at him, clearly admitting the answer to that question to himself for the first time.  He moved slowly toward the chair opposite LePage's and sat in it, his expression going cold.  LePage closed his eyes, hoping the young man would leave without another word.
Instead, Dupuy leaned closer to LePage and said, “We have to do something.”  His voice was low and something icy had settled over his demeanor.  “There must be a way to stop him.”
“Don't you mean 'them'?” LePage asked.  “Do you want to stop the Order from ruining this country, or do you want blood for what's been done to you?”
“What if I do?” Dupuy asked, his eyes flashing with misplaced anger.  “Filippi is leading them, and he's dangerous.  Perhaps if we consulted Rousseau -”
“Do you honestly believe I would need to get advice from Rousseau to formulate a plan to eliminate Filippi?” he asked.  “I could have poisoned him in his sleep two years ago when he rose to the first chair, and no one in France would have noticed.”  He placed his fingers to his temples, trying to steady the throbbing of his pulse. 
“What do you mean by 'poison'?” Dupuy asked, a strange inflection in his speech. 
“It's . . . an example.  To illustrate my point.  It's -  There are any number of ways of eliminating someone, but with certain compounds, one can neutralize a target without raising too many alarms.”  He sighed.  Attempting to explain the methods of war to this petulant child would get him nowhere. 
“You've utilized this method in the past?” Dupuy asked.
LePage looked up sharply to see the young man's eyes locked on his, his expression strange.  LePage's adrenaline surged, somewhat alleviating the lingering effects of the evening’s scotch.  He was suddenly aware that he had spoken too freely in his drunkenness.  His mind walked back through the conversation to verify that he hadn't let slip anything sensitive in the young man's presence. 
“Filippi is a known quantity,” he said after a moment. “To eliminate him – by any means – would be to invite chaos.  One doesn't invite chaos into a system one is trying desperately to hold together.”
Dupuy rose, agitated once again.  It was unclear to LePage if the other man had even heard his last statement.  “And that end justifies any means,” Dupuy demanded in a voice overflowing with contempt.  LePage tried to determine the cause of this sudden change in demeanor.  “But at what cost?  French citizens are imprisoned indefinitely, others killed.  I'm ruined -”
“You have no idea how high the costs can be,” LePage said, standing.  His patience with the young man had reached its end.  “I've been paying them since I was a boy. Making sacrifices on every front.  Today it was your turn.  If you can't accept that, so be it.”
Dupuy stared at him with an expression more disgusted that angry.  After a long moment, he turned and walked out of the study.  The sound of the street door's slamming echoed throughout the house, and LePage sat once more in the armchair, hoping Madeline would not rise to investigate the disturbance.  He was asleep in the chair within minutes, however, and he never knew if she ventured downstairs. 



The headache had punished LePage throughout the following morning.  He had expected it to dissipate once he was on his feet and out of the house, but the bright sun and close heat that had greeted him outside his house had done nothing to dull his symptoms.  The headache was so distracting that he very nearly reached the bookshop before he noticed the short, thick, fair-haired man following him through the streets. 
When he finally fell into the chair opposite Rousseau's desk, Rousseau eyed him closely, a hint of amusement in his eyes.
“Might I offer you something?” he asked. 
“Coffee,” LePage responded, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“I thought you might say that,” a third man's voice said.  LePage looked up to see Dupuy standing in the inner office's doorway, his face blank and his hand clutching a mug of coffee. 
“We keep crossing paths,” LePage said, reaching for the coffee.  “Must be coincidence.”
Dupuy passed him the mug, his expression neutral, but with an intense focus in his eyes.  LePage saw something there, a deliberate focus that indicated the younger man was trying to communicate something to him.  LePage remembered the young man's visit the previous night, but he could not recall anything specific about what they had discussed.
“He came by to deliver this,” Rousseau said, as Dupuy leaned against the wall near the desk. 
Before he turned his eyes back to Rousseau, LePage knew what he would see in the faux bookseller's hand:  a small, pearl-colored envelope. 
“What has that woman sent us now?” he asked, taking a deep gulp of the tepid, bitter coffee. 
Rousseau laid the envelope on the edge of the desk's felt blotter nearest to LePage, who glared down at the fine paper without moving to pick up the envelope. 
“She's trying to identify the target,” Rousseau informed him.
“How kind of her,” LePage said.
“She's watching the ports and rail lines -”
“So are we,” LePage interrupted.
“She's watching them abroad,” Rousseau replied.
“Personally?”
“Why are you so determined to ignore her contributions?” Dupuy asked.
“I'm not ignoring anything,” LePage said, setting the half-emptied mug on the desk.  “I simply don't believe we should rely upon intelligence provided by a German agent.”
“We don’t have to rely upon it,” Rousseau replied.  “But as we are no longer directly monitoring the bomb-throwers, I welcome any additional intelligence we can evaluate.”
“What's happened?” Dupuy asked, straightening his posture. 
“Professor LePage's cover was blown with the anarchists last night,” Roussseau informed him.
“And this morning, I find myself being tailed throughout the city,” LePage added.
Rousseau glared at him, plainly concerned for the state of his own cover.
“I lost him traversing the campus before I came here,” he told Rousseau, despite his firm belief that the reassurance should have been unnecessary.  “Otherwise, I would have been here earlier.”
“Let me watch the anarchists,” Dupuy said, staring deliberately at LePage.  The young man was clearly trying to send some message to him.  LePage struggled to recall the substance of their conversation from the previous night.  He recalled that their discussion had become heated, but he was at a loss in his efforts to recall why.  
“Your help is very much appreciated,” Rousseau began.  “But, I’m afraid –“
“You said yourself that you're watching every port and rail car in the country,” Dupuy said.  “Your resources must be stretched to their limits.”
“You have no training -”
“He has training,” LePage said.  “He's been on operations with me throughout the summer.”  LePage suddenly recalled what had so agitated Dupuy the previous night.  The Order had attacked him in the press, and his political career was most likely over.  LePage recognized that the young man wanted to stand up for himself and fight back, but he would prefer that Dupuy channel that energy into something constructive instead of running recklessly about the city with a chip on his shoulder. 
Rousseau was staring at LePage with the unreadable poker face he employed when he was trying to weigh someone else's words or expression. 
“They already suspect him of spying on them,” LePage said with an almost imperceptible smirk as he recalled the first night he had taken Dupuy to meet the group of anarchists.



LePage entered the lobby of the Ritz and immediately made his way to the Bar Vendôme.  Inside, he saw Levant and the German woman seated on wine-colored divans arranged at an angle in a dark, wood-paneled corner of the bar.  They were still in the practice of meeting in public spaces where they could pretend as if they had happened upon each other, although LePage did not understand why this was so. The Countess knew as well as he that anyone paying the slightest amount of attention to their movements would never be thrown by such transparent measures.  Perhaps conducting meetings in this manner made Levant feel safer.
“Countess,” he exclaimed in a tone of mock-surprise as he approached the pair.  “How strange to see you here.”  He sat beside her on the plush, low-backed sofa and stared expectantly at Levant, determined not to engage in the charade of acting as if they were strangers.
“Countess Estampe and I have been discussing your father-in-law's strategy for defending himself against the attacks like the one leveled at our young friend in the Chamber of Deputies,” Levant said in a falsely casual tone even the bartender would have seen through.  Plainly, the man was not practiced in the art of surreptitious communication.   
“A pity for M. Dupuy,” the Countess remarked.  “As for Senator Barbier, however, Deputy Filippi has taken the battle out of the papers and into the hallways of the Senate and the Chamber.  My friends in elected offices tell me that public opinion is holding with Senator Barbier's side.  Thus far.”
“This sounds like a political matter,” LePage responded, turning in his seat to meet her eyes for the first time.  “Why am I here?”
He wondered, in the moment she took to glance in Levant's direction before speaking, how the woman invariably installed herself in the area of a room where the light was most favorable to her.  Was it simply an innate talent, he wondered, or had she arrived early for this meeting and sought out the one seat in the lobby where the light would set off the color in her hair and eyes most brilliantly?
“My sources have provided me with some information I believe Senator Levant would prefer not to hear in the event he is subsequently questioned about the matter,” she said.
LePage turned and stared at Levant to convey his impatience.
“In that case, I will excuse myself and thank you for the advance warning.”  Levant stood, bowed to Countess Estampe, and placed his hat atop his oiled head.  He nodded to LePage as he passed, and then he was gone. 
“No note this time?” LePage asked.
“Time is short, Professor,” she replied.  “A freighter – the Almagest – is due into the city by ten o'clock tonight.  I have reliable information that her hold was packed with enough dynamite to collapse a coal mine before she set sail from Liverpool.”
LePage said nothing in response, merely eyeing her closely for a long moment. 
“The intelligence is good,” she sighed, impatient but undeterred.
“Why don't you send some of your agents, seize the ship yourself?” 
“Professor, do I strike you as the type of lady who maintains an army of hired goons?” she asked, her eyes full of mischief. 
“No.  An army of German intelligence agents on the other hand . . .” 
“I am merely a conduit for information, Professor,” she said.
“A freighter loaded with explosives?” he asked. “How can I trust that information?”
“How can you afford not to?” she replied.



CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


In silence, LePage approached the harbormaster's shack at the foot of the pier.  The thick blanket of clouds separated the city from the light of the stars, a stroke of good fortune that provided him the cover of shadows under which to make his approach.
The shack itself was lit only with a single, dim lantern.  The harbormaster was seated inside, reclined in a wooden chair and sipping coffee from a mug, but staring dutifully down the pier at the freighter docked on the river.  LePage followed his gaze and identified the ship as the Almagest, having docked in port early.  From the way her bow sat low in the water, LePage could see she was still sitting heavy, waiting to be unburdened of her cargo.
Without exercising any conscious thought, LePage stepped lightly on the wooden dock, mindful of treading on the weakest part of its component boards, which would cause the wood to creak and sing out an announcement of his presence with a single misstep.  Once he was within ten feet of the shack, however, he quickened his pace.  To reveal himself at this proximity would create the risk of permitting the harbormaster to alert someone to his approach, and so LePage moved swiftly to close the distance between them.  
Disregarding the risk of stepping on a creaky board, LePage rushed to the open space cut into the wall of the shack that provided a de facto window.  Once there, he reached both arms inside, clasping one over the harbormaster's mouth and reaching the other under the seated man's arms.  With one strong exertion of all the strength in his arms, back, and legs, LePage hauled the harbormaster out of his seat and through the open window. Kneeling on the struggling man's chest and holding his left hand over the harbormaster's face, LePage produced a gag and shackles from inside his coat.  After binding the man and dragging him back into the shack, he secured him on the floor.  The process took less than sixty seconds.
Shrugging out of his coat, LePage raised the lantern to one of the open window spaces, and then covered it with the coat to conceal its light.  He repeated this process twice more, and then set the lantern down on the harbormaster's desk. 
His back to the dock, he stood over the harbormaster, peering inland into the darkness.  He waited a handful of seconds before he heard a heavy, wooden plunk hit the planked roof of the shack. Holding his breath without thinking to do so, he listened until he heard the second drop, then the third.  Exhaling slowly, he resigned himself to the situation.  Rainy conditions were not ideal for boarding and searching a ship, but the inclement weather could potentially be used to their advantage. 
“Are you aware of this?” Leaud asked, his hand held out, palm up, as he stepped out of the shadows and into the circle of light cast by the lantern. 
LePage nodded shortly.  Rain or no, they couldn't risk holding a discussion within shouting distance of the Almagest. 
Leaud was followed immediately by Garijo, who in turn was followed by a third member of Rousseau's select group of officers from the Intelligence Directorate, a man named Honegger. 
LePage stepped out of the shed, leaving the lantern burning inside.  He led the other men out from beneath the umbrella of its light and paused in the shadows at the edge of the dock.  Looking ahead, he squinted through the raindrops at the now indistinct outline of the deck of the freighter.  Her bow and stern were invisible to him, having melted into the darkness and murk of the rain.  Small, portable lanterns, likely having been set out by the crew when they docked the ship, lighted her deck, however.  LePage stared for a span of more than thirty seconds and saw no movement in the spare light of the over-matched lanterns.
Knowing they could not wait for conditions to improve, LePage drew his revolver and stepped onto the dock.  Behind him, he heard the muffled whispers of the other men's weapons being drawn from inside their coats. 
As LePage and his group approached the catwalk, he looked about them and saw that they were alone on the dock. He believed it possible that the stevedores were waiting for the rain to pass before meeting the ship, but if the German woman's intelligence was accurate, and the ship's holds held what they believed them to, he knew the ship would not be allowed to sit dockside with her cargo for long. 
Without a word, LePage glanced at Garijo, the smallest officer in the group.  Garijo immediately returned his revolver to its place inside his jacket and, quick as a squirrel across a treetop, he approached one of the heavy ropes holding the ship in place at the dock.  The other men took places on either side of the dock, concealing themselves in the wet shadows while covering Garijo's incursion with their revolvers.  LePage remained in place at the foot of the gangplank, his revolver at his side, barrel down, against his pants leg so that it would not be noticed by anyone at a distance of more than three meters. 
When he reached the rope secured to one of the dock's heavy iron cleats, Garijo lifted one leg over the heavy rope, and then lay forward against it, grasping it in his hands and clinching it between his ankles.  In a flash, the small man was traveling up the heavy rope, already saturated with rainwater, his body extended in such a way that he was almost imperceptible even to his comrades watching from the dock below. 
LePage glanced back at the deck of the ship, noticing no movement, and by the time his eyes returned to Garijo's form, the man had reached the freighter's deck and was lifting himself over the rail and hopping aboard. 
LePage nodded toward the other officers, who immediately turned and mounted the catwalk approaching the gangway.  LePage followed, but in the same instant he set his boot on the slick surface of the catwalk, a sailor appeared in the gangway, preparing to descend.  He peered down at the three men boarding the ship, as if, rather than being surprised at their presence, he was attempting to verify their identities.  LePage saw in an instant that the crew was waiting for someone to meet the ship's arrival. 
Without direction from LePage, Honegger immediately met the sailor at the summit of the catwalk, pulled him to one side, and pressed his revolver pointedly against the man's abdomen.  The man stared, wide-eyed, as Leaud and LePage walked past him and through the gangway.
Aboard the darkened ship, LePage listened for sounds of activity, but all he heard was the creaking of the ship's boards and the lapping of the river against its hull.  He directed Leaud toward the ship's bow with a nod, and then turned to venture toward the stern. 
The corridor inside the ship was dark, lit by a single oil lamp hung at the far end of the passageway.  Moving swiftly, LePage made his way to the aft section of the corridor, feeling along the interior wall for a handle.  He nearly reached the lamp before he saw the gleam of an iron latch protruding out from what he soon saw to be a door.  Throwing the latch, he flinched at the unexpectedly sharp squeal of protest voiced by the grinding of the door’s dried out, metal hinges.  Raising his revolver, he shoved the door forward and stepped through, attempting to overcome his disadvantage by aggressively charging into whatever was waiting for him on the other side of the door.
His efforts were wasted, however.  Through the doorway, he found no angry sailors or armed, young anarchists.  Down a short flight of steps, he saw only darkness.  Turning to retrieve the lamp from its peg on the corridor wall, he heard footsteps outside the doorway.  Standing in the shadows, his back to the wall beside the door, he waited until he heard the footsteps slow at the open door before spinning into the doorway, his revolver extended in front of him. 
Standing before him was a middle-aged sailor, eyes wide with the shock of LePage's sudden appearance before him. 
“Do you need help -” the man began to ask, but his voice was too loud.  LePage was keen to learn more about whomever it was this crew member had mistaken him for, but he couldn't risk bringing the entire crew down on him when he was pinned in a doorway below decks.  With a swift, efficient motion, he struck the sailor hard in the jaw with the handle of his revolver, and the man crumpled into a pile of limbs on the floor outside the door.  LePage considered moving the man inside the doorway, but he knew his time was limited.  Holding the lamp above his head, he turned inside and looked about. 
While the lamp was too weak to light the entire space, suggesting its dimensions rather than cutting through the dark and shadow within, LePage was able to see that he was standing inside the ship's cargo hold.  The far wall of the hull was visible to him from his position, as the hold was only partly full of long crates stacked in rows. 
Moving toward the crates, he examined them for a stamp or identifying mark.  Seeing none, he leaned over the topmost crate nearest him and pried at its lid.  Feeling no give, he set the lamp down on a neighboring stack of crates and struck at the corner of the crate's lid with the butt of his revolver.  Hearing a soft, pliable sound on his third strike, he flipped the pistol in his hand and wedged it into the space between the lid and the crate.  He spent several moments working the revolver's nose into the opening beneath the crate's lid before he heard the thump of footfalls above him.  In response, he jerked the revolver from the lid, spun toward the open door behind him, and waited.  The steps across the deck sounded hurried, but whether they were motivated by aggression or panic, LePage could not say.  Standing in the hold, he had no way of knowing whose boots had sounded across the deck, or where they were heading. 
Waiting a long moment in motionless silence, LePage turned back to the crate and pried the loosened lid up with his hands.  Raising the lantern, he peered into the crate and saw that it carried half a dozen cylinders wrapped in brown paper and nestled delicately in a bed of sawdust.  Stepping back from the crate, he glanced at the neighboring stack where he'd set the lamp and the splintered corner of the crate's lid where he'd struck it with his loaded revolver and let out a long, silent breath.  The German woman's information had been accurate, and he now had the task of determining how to safely empty the ship's hold of crates of explosives.
A heavy thud from behind him set LePage spinning on his heels.  Instinctively, he took a step away from the crates in case a bullet was headed in his direction.  While relieved to find that an alarmed member of the crew was not firing him upon, LePage was taken aback by the expression on Honegger's face as he stood slumped in the doorway, his right hand pressed against the door.  LePage recognized the signs of trouble before he consciously noted Honegger’s pale, ghostly pallor or the dark stain spreading across the front side of his coat. 
LePage stared at Honegger's eyes, knowing he didn't need to ask.  If able, Honegger would tell him what had happened. 
“They're here,” was all he said before slumping to the floor beside the unconscious crewman LePage had left there.  Approaching his fallen comrade, LePage noted that the man was still alive, but he knew the signs too well to entertain the possibility that Honegger would last long enough to ever disembark the Almagest. 
LePage listened at the door and heard the heavy sounds of deliberate footsteps – those of more than one pair of feet – approaching with purpose.  LePage turned back into the cargo hold, leaving the doomed Honegger behind, and held the lantern before him as he scanned the hold for an alternate exit.
Stepping gingerly around the crates, he made his way to the far side of the hold and was rewarded with the discovery of a set of steps that led to a second door, mirroring the one in which Honegger lay breathing his last breaths.
Throwing the latch, he shoved through the door and into another corridor, only to be greeted by a large, fair-haired man in a heavy coat far too fine to be that of a sailor.  The fair-haired man was holding a revolver in one hand and a lantern identical to LePage's in the other.  Apart from their different coloring and respective heights, LePage could have been staring into a mirror. 
Reflexively, LePage raised his revolver to fire, but the fair-haired man batted the pistol aside with his lantern, and the shot went harmlessly wide.  The fair-haired man then thrust his own revolver into LePage's face to reinforce his advantage and nodded toward LePage's revolver.  Lacking any viable alternative, LePage dropped the pistol to the deck and silently hoped the gesture would buy him enough time to extricate himself from the situation. 
“Who are you?” the man asked in a thick German accent.
LePage raised the arm holding the lantern to shoulder height, fully extending his reach into the cargo hold.
“If I dropped this lantern,” he said in response. “Voluntarily or otherwise, there is enough sawdust and dynamite inside to blow this ship halfway to the Atlantic.” 
The German eyed LePage closely for a long moment, scrutinizing his eyes for a sign of fear or hesitation, before his gaze flickered over LePage's shoulder and into the hold behind him. 
“Anhalten!” he called to his fellow Germans.  LePage turned to look behind him and saw two burly men standing over Honegger in the far doorway.  They were frozen by their comrade's command. 
“This man says he's willing to toss his lamp onto the cargo,” the fair-haired man nearest LePage said, his eyes locked back on LePage's face. 
The other men stood patiently waiting for their colleague to neutralize LePage, who was aware of the risks inherent in hesitating too long in his disadvantageous position.  He was about to make his move and lunge toward the German, when he saw a flicker of movement over the fair-haired man's shoulder and heard the report of a revolver. 
The following seconds passed as if in slow motion. LePage was attuned to everything that happened, but he stood powerless, as if in a dream, to prevent them.  An explosion of red mist showered the front of his shirt and coat as the revolver round passed through the German's chest and struck the interior of the ship's hull with a thud.  The German lurched forward, powerless over his own weight.  As his hand released the oil lamp it held, the lamp fell to the deck, the glass breaking as it rolled across the wooden floor and against the wall beside the door.  As the German collapsed onto LePage, LePage was knocked off balance, but he held his own lantern firmly in his hand.  As he struck the door behind him, however, the lantern swung heavily into the wall and cracked open, spilling oil onto the deck.  The oil instantly mixed with the already-ignited oil that had flowed out of the German's lamp.
Once he was braced against the wall, LePage was able to shove himself back to his feet.  He looked into the cargo hold, but the Germans in the opposite doorway had already disappeared.  Blowing into his lamp, he extinguished its flame and held it aloft to prevent additional fuel being poured onto the flames flickering across the deck. 
Garijo appeared, his revolver still smoking after firing the shot that had killed the German.  “My apologies,” he said taking in the scene.  LePage frowned at him, and handed him the extinguished oil lamp.  His hands free, he darted through the flames and rolled the heavy, bleeding German away from the door and onto the fire. This maneuver had the compound benefit of smothering some of the flames while freeing up the space required to close the hold's door.
Removing his own coat, LePage attempted to suffocate the burgeoning fire, but the oil flowed too freely, running down the cracks between the planks in the deck and, more significantly, slipping under the door into the cargo hold.  Everywhere the oil ran, it quickly ignited and transformed into a burning sea creature with a multitude of hungry, flaming tentacles reaching and grasping to swallow everything in its presence.   
“You'll never put it out,” Garijo said, turning back toward the bow.  “We'll have to jump ship.”
“We can't leave this time bomb docked to the pier,” LePage replied, still chasing after the flames with his singed and ruined coat. 
“The fuse is lit,” Garijo insisted.  “Whether or not we remain on board.”
LePage considered his options.  He agreed that the fire could not be extinguished.  He could not let the ship burn until the fire reached the dynamite in the hold, however, and he could not simply untie the ship and shove it off down river.  He could see only one solution. 
“Meet me in the port-side corridor,” he said to Garijo, not waiting for a response.  Seeing that the flames had already extended beneath the door, he felt he would not be accelerating the fire's progress too much by opening it.  As swiftly as he could, he threw the latch, swung the heavy door, and slipped inside, where the floor and doorway had already caught fire.  Ducking his head, he rushed to the center of the hold where he'd left the partially opened crate.  Throwing off the lid, he pulled two sticks of dynamite from the sawdust, verified that their fuses were in place, and looked back toward the fire, which was less than three meters from the first stack of crates.  He would have to act quickly. 
Taking off at a run, he rushed to the far doorway, danced past the slumped bodies of Honegger and the sailor, and rushed up the corridor until he met Garijo approaching from the far side. 
“Honegger's gone.  The sailor on the deck is alive.  Get him off the ship as fast as you can, even if you have to thrown him overboard.”
Garijo looked warily at the dynamite in LePage's hands. 
“Don't come back aboard,” LePage instructed him, and turned toward the bow.
LePage knew the corridor was only partly below the water line, but he thought the dynamite would be strong enough to create a hole large enough to swiftly flood the compartment.  At the far end of the corridor, as far from the crates in the aft hold as he could venture, he knelt and placed one of the two sticks of dynamite at the foot of the inside wall of the ship's hull.  Placing the other stick in the inside pocket of his jacket, he produced a pack of matches from the pocket of his pants. 
The matches were cheap, and the pack was worn and crumpled.  It took LePage two strikes to light the match, which he delicately drew to the fuse of the dynamite.  The moment the fuse ignited, he knew he had only seconds to complete the task. 
Running back to the steps leading above-deck, LePage took them in two strides, emerged into the rain, and ran across the deck of the ship to the matching stairs on the starboard side of the ship.
Descending into the ship, LePage was surprised to see how quickly the fire had spread.  It had nearly reached the stairs, and the smoke was so dense that he could hardly see.  He knew time was short, and he would not be able to reach the far end of the corridor.  Instead, he drew the dynamite from the inside pocket of his coat, then tried to strike the match on the pack. 
One strike failed to light, then a second.  He was growing concerned that the match would not light, and he knew the first stick would explode at any moment.  Turning to the wall, he dragged the match head across the wood in the hope that it would ignite, but it remained dull.  
He peered through the black smoke, searching for a splinter of wood or other flame he could use to light the match.  Before he found one, however, a thunderous boom erupted and rippled throughout the ship like the report of the world's largest canon.  The ship lurched with the force of the explosion of the first stick of dynamite, and LePage dropped the pack of matches as he was thrown into the nearby wall.  Knowing he'd lost the chance to set the second stick, he returned it to the inside pocket of his coat and mounted the stairs to the deck.
When he emerged above-deck, he saw that smoke was billowing out of both sides of the ship.  Peering through the rain and smoke, he thought he saw the figures of three men standing on the pier on the port side of the ship.  Knowing he could not risk crossing the ship a second time, LePage went to the rail on the starboard side of the deck, hoisted himself over it, and leaped into the river below.



CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Sitting in an intricately needlepointed chair, dripping water onto its gilded, wooden arms, LePage pressed one of the two buttons on a brass light switch panel and the room was instantly illuminated with electric light.  In the sumptuously-appointed sitting room of the Ritz Hotel's Windsor Suite, he sat beneath a portrait of Edward VIII and listened for the creak of bed springs or the shuffling whisper of a nightgown from within the suite’s inner bed chamber.  
With the lights on, he was able to take in the pearl gray sofa, the almond green chaise, and the salmon chair that decorated the room, but he had little time to survey any of its other contents, as Countess Estampe emerged from within the bedroom mere moments after LePage pushed the switch.  She wore one of the hotel's embroidered, peach-colored robes, but the garment was unfastened and hung loosely around her.  Beneath it she wearing a thin, white damask nightgown, its lace neckline held together by a loose and lazy knot of silk ribbon.  Her golden hair was lightly, but inconsequently, disheveled, but her eyes were as bright and sharp as if he had interrupted her during one of her salons.  While LePage had no doubt that he had in fact roused her from sleep, she had the appearance of someone who was making a vague gesture toward appearing sluggish, a razor-edge masquerading as a dull blade.   
LePage recognized this particular version of Sybille Estampe from an eerily similar scene, one that had been played in a slightly less impressive hotel room in Hamburg five years before.  That night, it had been he who had risen, fully alert, from a light semi-sleep in time to avoid the team of German officers she had summoned to carry him off while he lay beside her.  
LePage’s operation in Berlin, during which he had been stationed under the cover of a professor of architecture at Frederick William University, had been one of the greatest successes of his career.  He had spent nineteen months’ time monitoring suspected German operatives and military officers from within the capitol, and he had generated intelligence the French government was still putting to use five years later.  It had not taken his German counterparts long to realize that the French Intelligence Directorate had gained a foothold in Berlin, however, and they had resolved to draw LePage out with a prize too tempting to resist.
Sybille Wettin had been suspected as a German agent since before the aging Count Estampe had taken her as his third wife.  After relocating to the Count’s chateau, Countess Estampe had begun hosting salons and ingratiating herself into Parisian political circles with alarming ease.  To the Directorate’s knowledge, she had abstained from direct intelligence action, merely serving a conduit for information, a role more analogous to Rousseau’s than to LePage’s.  She had been considered an intelligence risk and a potentially valuable asset in the event that her loyalties could be turned. 
When the Countess had been recalled from France and installed in her family’s home in Hamburg, LePage had seized upon the opportunity.  He had known as he began to court her that she was a German agent, but her charm and skills at beguilement were so strong that he had not realized she was merely drawing him out so that he could be captured and interrogated by German intelligence agents.  
His escape from Hamburg had not been a simple matter.  He had killed two Germans before escaping his hotel, and he only succeeded in slipping away across the Inner Alster Lake in a commandeered sailboat after a brutal dockside confrontation with Bruno Schupke.  
The last image he’d had of the Countess had been of her standing in a window of his hotel room as he’d descended a fire escape to the street below.  She had been wearing a hotel robe like the one she wore tonight, and she had been watching him with the same incisive and appraising expression.  If she had been armed that night in Hamburg, he had not known it.  She made no attempt to detain him as he fled, however, just as tonight she was making no effort as she stood before him to summon the aid of the German officers he knew to be stationed in the next room. 
“That's an authentic Louis XVI chair you're soaking with what I can only imagine is river water,” she said, frowning at him with disapproval.
“Are you genuinely worried about the hotel’s furnishings?” he asked.  “Or are you simply disappointed that your men didn't leave me at the bottom of that river?” 
She laughed.  “My men? The only men I have in Paris are asleep in the adjoining rooms.  They are still safe in their beds, aren't they?”
He ignored the question.  “A team of German agents arrived at the docks minutes after I boarded the ship.”
She stared at him, as if waiting for additional information.  When he declined to offer any, she nodded and sat on the sofa opposite him.  “Did you expect the shipment to sit in a warehouse for a couple of weeks before it was claimed?” she asked. 
“I didn't expect to be sent into an ambush.”
“Come now, Professor,” she replied, infusing the title with same playfully irreverent tone she had employed during their Hamburg operation.  “If I had a team of intelligence agents at my disposal and wished to see you dead, I could accomplish that goal in a far less complicated manner.”
He stared back at her, his eyes searching for any sign of deception in her expression.  He saw nothing but sincerity displayed on her justly admired face, but he knew too well that he’d had trouble reading her in the past.  Still, her words made sense, and since leaping into the Seine earlier that night, he had yet to rationalize a link between the Countess and the Germans he had confirmed were attempting to smuggle explosives into the city.    
“If they are not your men, whose are they?” he demanded. 
“I assure you, they answer to no one,” she said.  “You've met at least one of their members before.  In the garden outside my chateau.”
He eyed her closely.  He had been aware that she had to have known he killed Bruno Schupke that night at her chateau, but her casual reference to the man set off an alarm in his mind.  Her failure to take any steps to retaliate against him or the Directorate for Schupke’s death supported her claim that she was not allied with him, but she was both clever and patient enough to be using Schupke’s death to her advantage. 
“They're former German army officers,” she continued.  “Now rogue agents working independently of my native government.”
“How can I believe that?” he asked, returning to his default position as skeptical of anything she claimed to be true.  
“Would it change your plans either way?  You can't accuse the German government of any official involvement without evidence.”
He stared back at her, his mind trying to assemble every fact known to him in various patterns to determine if one existed that would provide the Countess and her masters in Berlin with an advantage.  
“I understand your difficulty in accepting that explanation, but you know as well as I do that neither of our countries wish to engage in another war.”
“Who does?” he asked.
She shrugged.  “These rogue Germans are zealots, no different from the anarchists trying to blow up the fashionable parts of Paris.  We have no intelligence concerning who is controlling them.  On either side of the border.”
“You think there are French citizens engaged in a plot to bomb Paris?”
“All I can tell you is that Germany isn't planning to bomb your country, Professor,” she said, the playful tone gone from her use of the title she knew to be nothing more than a component of his cover identity.  “And unless the French government knows more than I've been led to believe, it seems that it's fallen to us to stop it from happening.”
LePage stared across the space between them, his gaze locked onto her green eyes, searching for the telltale signs of a lie.  He watched with intensity the fine muscles around her full lips, as if willing them to tighten under his scrutiny and, in doing so, betray her inner thoughts.  The longer he scrutinized her features, the harder it became for him to shut out the memory of pressing his lips to hers in that Hamburg hotel room.  She was a woman who was very easy to believe, but he had made the mistake of giving in to that temptation in the past.  
In response to his stare, Countess Estampe arched a delicate eyebrow, and LePage glanced away.      



LePage was still damp with river water when he entered the bookshop through its back alley door.  Rousseau admitted him without a word, and then led him to his inner office without offering him a shot of brandy or even a cup of coffee. 
“I've already seen the German woman,” LePage advised him, sitting heavily in one of the wooden chairs in front of the desk. 
“I hope she had a very good explanation for herself,” Rousseau said.  “Two agents lost, and a burning freighter sunk to the bottom of the river.”
“Two?” LePage asked.  He had known that he lost Honneger, but he had sent Garijo to the dock before he lit the fuse of the first stick of dynamite.  Had the young man somehow trapped himself on board the ship?  “I wasn't aware that anything happened to Garijo.”
“We've pulled Honegger's body from the wreck.  There was no sign of Garijo on board, and he has yet to check in.”
“There was a team of Germans – that woman swears to me they are members of a rogue group of former army officers.  But they jumped ship when the fire began.  Garijo knew they were there. He wouldn't have let himself be taken -”
“The Germans burned the ship?” Rousseau asked in a tone meant to indicate that he only partly wished to know the answer to his question. 
“The fire broke out during a struggle among us.”
“At which time you took it upon yourself to scuttle the ship.  How in hell did you manage to sink it so fast?” LePage could hear a note of wonder struggling to crawl out from beneath Rousseau's stern tone.
“I set off one of the sticks of dynamite by the hull. I had to flood the ship to prevent the fire from reaching the hold.”
“Dynamite?” Rousseau asked.  “Where did you get a stick of dynamite?”
“You didn't examine the hold?” LePage asked, incredulous.  The Directorate's men would never have been so sloppy in their search for Garijo. 
“Of course,” Rousseau replied.  “It was empty.”
LePage leaned forward, suddenly feeling the toll of the evening’s exertions.  The adrenaline rush that had propelled him from the docks, into the river, and up to the Countess’s suite at the Ritz had run dry, and LePage was now left exposed to the weariness of exhaustion overtaking him.  “The Almagest was carrying crates of dynamite.  Enough to have blown the ship and most of the riverfront to hell.”
Rousseau sat silently for a long moment.  “How many Germans were there?” he asked.
“I saw three.”
“How could three men have unloaded that much dynamite before the cargo hold flooded?”  Rousseau asked out loud, but not specifically of LePage.
“They couldn't have,” LePage answered.  “Not with a dozen men.  But it's possible they unloaded it after it was ruined by the water.”
“Were there any identifying marks on the explosives?” Rousseau asked.
“None that I noted,” LePage said.  There had been little time to examine the contents of the crates he opened in the hold, but he would have noticed any labels that could have identified the source of the explosives. 
“And yet they risked entering a sinking ship loaded with explosives to ensure that no one could later retrieve the evidence of what they were transporting.  And now they have Garijo.”
Rousseau sat back in his chair and folded his hands behind his head.  LePage eyed the cigar box on the shelf beside the desk with undisguised yearning.  He suddenly felt the more than three hours' time since his last smoke, and he knew the pack of tobacco in the inside pocket of his jacket was now a spongy, ruined mess. 
“They may have killed him,” LePage suggested, almost hopefully.  “He would have been outnumbered if they had enough men to unload the ship waiting on the dock.”
“Where's the body?” Rousseau asked.  “They left Honneger.  Why would they have taken the time to take Garijo's with them?  Or to toss him into the river, for that matter?”
LePage considered. 
“It would appear that you are very fortunate to have jumped ship,” Rousseau continued.  “Because it sounds as if you would have been outmatched on the dock.” 
LePage opened his mouth to object, but Rousseau cut him off.  “These Germans,” he said.  “Do you believe what she says about them being rogue?”
“They're certainly not current officers on an official operation,” LePage replied.  “The Germans would never be so brazen.  But are they working on orders from the Imperial Army?  Who knows?”
“Did you believe she was telling the truth?” Rousseau asked, pointedly refusing to allow LePage to evade his original question.
LePage thought back to his conversation in the Windsor suite, trying to recall the German woman’s exact words and mannerisms.  His mind was not cooperating with him, however, behaving without discipline under the influence of fatigue, and his memory kept returning to the loose fit of the woman's partly open nightgown.  “She struck me as sincere,” he said.  “But who can say with her?” 
Rousseau nodded.  Opening a drawer in the desk, he produced a sheet of cheap, yellowed paper that looked as if it had been left in the desk decades before.  Setting the paper in front of LePage, he drew a fountain pen from its stand on the edge of the desk and held it out to LePage. 
LePage needed no further instruction before he began jotting down as detailed a description of the German men he'd seen on board.  Within the hour, he knew, the descriptions would be wired out to military and police officials throughout the region. 
“I assume you haven't seen this, either,” Rousseau said, laying a copy of the evening edition on the desk.  LePage looked up from his notes to read the headline, then sighed heavily, placed the fountain pen on the desk, and raised the newspaper to read the article. 



“The man is shameless,” Patrick said, immediately recoiling from the stern looks he received from LePage and Levant.  
They were seated in the last row of chairs in the nave of Notre Dame cathedral, which Patrick believed to be an overly grandiose and unnecessarily creepy backdrop for their clandestine meeting.  Patrick had been a regular churchgoer in his youth, until he repudiated the practice as part of his rebellion against his father’s influence.  His family had attended services at the bright and byzantine Church of St. Augustine, however, rather than inside the gloomy, gothic Notre Dame, which provided a better backdrop for novels and guided tours, in Patrick’s mind, than a location for worship.
They were the only men present inside the huge cathedral, and Patrick felt there was little chance of their conversation being overheard by anyone but the ghost of Victor Hugo. 
“He dares to suggest that Senator Barbier is involved in . . .” Patrick continued in a hushed voice.  “What?  Some type of pro-German shadow faction within the government?  When he himself is the senior member of the country's oldest secret society.”
“I think we all appreciate the hypocrisy,” Levant said, clearly attempting to steer the conversation around an impatient outburst from LePage.  “What remains to be determined is why these attacks on the senator are so unrelenting, and what we may do about them?”
“The why is clear enough,” LePage said in a conversational tone that belied the disdain inherent in his words.  “Filippi does not wish power to be centralized in one man, and so he wishes to maintain the status quo with the weak-willed president we currently have.”
“Which only extends his influence – and that of the Order – over the nation,” Patrick added.  
“If it is the will of the people that Senator Barbier is to be the next president of France, then his ascension should not be deterred by phony accusations,” Levant said. 
“And as a remaining member of the Order, Filippi’s attempts to steer the nation toward his own political goals through its influence is . . . troubling.” 
“Why can't your friend the bookseller simply send someone to whisk him away in the dead of night and keep him detained until things quiet down?” Patrick asked. 
LePage looked sharply at Levant, who had the good grace to look away as if he were not listening and had missed hearing Patrick's question entirely. 
“Even you must see that the book store you refer to answers to the government of France, and that it would be very unlikely to continue to sell books if its business included detaining members of the government that oversees it.”
“Perhaps we can use his position in the Order,” Patrick suggested.  “Respond to his lies with an unflattering truth.”
LePage glanced at Levant. 
“I will not expose the Order,” Levant said. “However unfairly you have been treated, the Order has ensured the stability of France for more than a century.  The other members, myself included, have worked diligently toward that end, and we do not deserve to be smeared along with M. Filippi.”
LePage was nodding his agreement, his eyes bright with the spark of an idea.  “When are you next scheduled to meet?” he asked Levant, who was the only one among them who was still regularly attending the Order’s meetings.



CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE


The following evening, after the halls of the Chamber of Deputies were empty and its lamps extinguished, Patrick walked softly down a darkened, marble hallway toward M. Filippi's office.  While his remaining days as an interim Deputy were dwindling, he still retained the privileges of any other member of the Chamber, and he was able to move freely throughout the building at any time of day. 
At the door to the office, he turned the heavy, iron lock with the tool LePage had provided and entered with what he felt was an impressive lack of sound.  Inside, he stepped lightly into M. Filippi's inner office and approached the heavy, oak desk that occupied the center of the room.  Moving behind the desk, he slid the high-backed, leather chair mere inches away from the desk, then produced a crisp, unfolded telegram from within his jacket.  The telegram was encoded, containing what appeared to be an innocuous message about the evening train schedule, but which in fact signaled to any Member of the Order that the meeting scheduled for that evening had been postponed by three hours to allow Senator Levant to attend a briefing at the Directorate of Intelligence.  The telegram was signed with the number nine, to signal Levant's position within the Order. 
The telegram, which Patrick placed gingerly on the floor, partially beneath one of the chairs legs, was genuine insofar as every other member in good standing had received an identical message that afternoon.  The message was accurate, as Levant was at that moment attending a briefing arranged by Rousseau at LePage's instruction, and as the remaining eight members would not arrive for the scheduled meeting until after eleven-thirty that evening.  However, the message had been withheld from Filippi until after he would have left the First Arrondissement for Pigalle.
At the very moment that Patrick let himself out of M. Filippi's office, Deputy Filippi was himself opening the door to the attic room in Pigalle to find the chairs around the long table in the center of the room to be empty.  Not a single member of the Order sat waiting for him, as each had received his telegram advising of the change in schedule.
Filippi, recognizing that something had gone awry, immediately withdrew from the room and hurried down the building’s rickety back stairs.  When he reached the alley below, however, Le Soleil’s resident expert on Parisian secret societies, Gaspar Le Gall, photographed him.  M. Le Gall had received ample notice in the form of a wire from Veronique to enable him to set up a tripod and position one of the newspaper's cameras upon it to obtain what he believed to be the first photograph of a member of the Order emerging from a meeting of his sworn brethren.  The following morning, the editors of Le Soleil agreed to run the photograph, and Le Gall’s latest summation of his conspiracy theories involving the Order was printed as an editorial.  While few readers missed the implication of the two pieces, most were far more interested in the photograph of Deputy Filippi emerging from the attic room above a Pigalle brothel than in the possibility that he was a member of a secret society. 
While not a crippling blow to his authority, the photograph placed Filippi on the defensive, with the press less likely to re-print his slanders against Senator Barbier.  The maneuver would not ensure Filippi's silence through election day, but it had at least bought Patrick and LePage’s other allies some additional time to tend to more pressing matters. 



While Rousseau's men scoured the country throughout the following week for signs of rogue Germans, LePage divided his time between his home study and the back room of Rousseau’s shop.  He no longer appeared for lectures at the university, as his cover had been blown with the anarchists, and he had more pressing matters to address than going through the motions of maintaining his academic credibility for use in future operations.  
Late one afternoon, a courier delivered a parcel from Galande Books, which Sylvie brought into the study.  Upon unwrapping the parcel, LePage found that it contained a stack of books he had not ordered that regarded the rise of the German Empire.  Sitting at his desk, LePage leafed through the volumes until a slip of paper fell into his lap.  The paper was pearl-hued and its message was written in a delicate hand with a fine pen.  The note requested the use of the bookshop for a poetry reading that evening – to any third party who read it, it would seem like an innocuous request to promote one of Countess Estampe's pet artists.  The message proposed that the reading begin at 7:30 PM. On the bottom of the paper, scrawled in Rousseau's tight, inky hand, was the time “7:00.”
LePage held the note to his nose and inhaled a faint trace of Guerlain's Jicky. 
At the appointed time, LePage entered the shop through the rear entrance and found Rousseau and Dupuy waiting in his office. 
“Was the letter you sent me the only one?” LePage asked without waiting for a greeting. 
“It was,” Rousseau responded. 
“It was unsolicited?”
“I made no effort to contact her,” Rousseau said. 
“She obviously has something important to share,” Dupuy suggested. 
“Or it's a trap,” LePage replied, wondering why the younger man was present. 
“There are four officers from the Directorate outside,” Rousseau assured him.  “I knew you were here before you entered the alley.” 
“Any word of Garijo?” LePage asked.
Rousseau shook his head, pulling an envelope from the drawer in his desk.
“We've found nothing about these 'rogue' agents,” he said, handing the packet of papers to LePage.  “These are the profiles of the other Germans you wanted me to look into.  The ones on her detail.”
Rousseau eyed LePage closely, but LePage was in no mood to acknowledge his implication.  He drew the papers and photographs from within the envelope and began skimming them.
“They're six men,” Rousseau explained. “Who rotate out in groups of four.  They are all former German army officers -”
“Imagine that,” LePage replied, still scanning the documents. 
“The difference is that each of these men was transferred to the German embassy corps upon retirement from the army.  And they were all still in the prime of their careers at the time of their retirement.”
LePage looked up at Rousseau and considered this information.  From the description of their career profiles, the men in Countess Estampe's entourage appeared to have been recruited as intelligence agents for the German government.  Rousseau's men, including LePage himself, all had similar backgrounds. 
“This information only reinforces our need to take everything the woman says avec prudence,” he said, glancing deliberately at Dupuy as he set the dossier on the desk.  No sooner had Rousseau replaced it in his desk drawer than the bell hanging on the inside knob of the shop's front door chimed as the door opened. 
LePage glanced at Rousseau, who looked up expectantly at the office's doorway.  After a moment, an intelligence officer named Chenal appeared in the doorway.  He nodded his respects toward LePage and addressed Rousseau.  “Your visitors have arrived.”
Rousseau turned to the clock on the shelf beside his desk and noted the time.  It was just then ten minutes past seven.  
“Is it normal for her to be here so early?” Dupuy asked.  LePage did not acknowledge the question. 
“Show her in,” Rousseau told Chenal.  “She can bring one escort.”
Chenal nodded and withdrew from the office.  When the bell chimed once more, and LePage heard the heavy footsteps of a man's boots echoing the patter of a wealthy lady's fine leather shoes, he crossed the office to stand at Rousseau's side in front of the desk. 
Countess Estampe entered the room first, her blonde hair arranged elegantly atop her head.  She was wearing a blue silk dress with pink flowers embroidered on its bodice and with a matching ribbon cinched around her waist.  A large, dour-faced German in a dark overcoat followed her closely.  
“Countess Estampe,” Rousseau said warmly. “Welcome to my shop.”
The Countess nodded in response, then turned her gaze on LePage.  “Professor LePage,” she said with a smile.  “A pleasure as always.”  LePage bowed slightly, but he did not respond. 
“And Deputy Dupuy,” she said, noticing the young man in the corner.  “Taking a break from stalking young radicals around the Latin Quarter to be with us tonight?”
Dupuy stared at Rousseau with wide-eyed alarm.  LePage wished that he had followed his instincts and insisted that the young man wait in the alley behind the shop. 
“Have you brought a poet in your entourage this evening?” Rousseau asked the Countess in the same polite tone he'd used to greet her. 
“Unfortunately, the reading fell through at the last minute,” she replied without a moment’s hesitation.  “You know how artists can be.  Right now, I suggest we use our time together to discuss the current state of security in the city, so I can be on my way before anyone arrives expecting to hear verse.”
“What do you have for us?” LePage asked, losing patience with her play-acting.  
“We have reason to believe that an attack within the capitol is imminent,” she replied, her tone suddenly business-like. 
“When you say 'imminent' -” Rousseau began.
“Within twenty-four hours.” 
“Where does this belief come from?” LePage asked.  
“Intelligence officers in my home country detained a rogue German agent at the border with a satchel of explosive charges,” she replied.  “The nature of his movements and his subsequent questioning suggest that the planned attack will occur within a day's time.”
“What kind of attack are we talking about?” Dupuy asked.
“We don't know. The rogue agent had in his possession a packet of tickets and pamphlets for the Exposition, however, so we're operating under the assumption that the Exposition is the most likely target.”
“May we interrogate the agent in question?” Rousseau asked in the tone of voice one would use to request a match to light one’s cigar.
“That would be impossible, I'm afraid,” Countess Estampe replied.  “He is not an official prisoner, and arranging a meeting with a French bookseller and his academic colleague would likely draw more attention than might be prudent.”
“And so we're left to trust your word on the matter,” LePage suggested. 
She turned toward him, one eyebrow raised.  “Have I done anything to cause you to doubt the reliability of my word, Professor?”  The playful, teasing tone had returned to her voice as she addressed him by his false title.   
“Nothing at all,” he replied.  “And, of course, absent some blatant misdirection on your part, we are more than happy to accept your word relaying the statement of another German agent whose identity we are not permitted to know.”
“Why are you so intent on rejecting my help?” she asked, taking a step toward him.  LePage’s nostrils filled with the scent of her perfume as he stared into her green eyes.
“Are we done here?” he asked her. 
“That's all I have to report,” she replied, returning his unblinking stare.  “We will of course be implementing increased security measures at Germany's pavilion at the Exposition.  Please let us know what we can do to assist you in neutralizing this threat.”
“We'll take it from here,” LePage said, staring down at the woman and struggling to discern an ulterior motive in her actions.  Were the Germans attempting to draw out their response to such a threat in an effort to identify the weaknesses in France's internal security?
“We thank you for bringing this intelligence to our attention,” Rousseau was saying as he walked the German woman toward the front of the shop.  As she smiled in response, LePage met her eyes as they glanced back at him over her shoulder.  Her expression was loaded with meaning, sending a wave of recollections of everything from Hamburg to her suite at the Ritz crashing over him. 
When the German woman and her escorts had gone, Rousseau returned to the inner office. 
“I want you on the scene at the Exposition,” he announced to LePage.  “You can assemble whatever team you wish to canvass the grounds.  I'll communicate with the Director's office and advise of the threat.”
“And what if this is exactly what they want us to do?” LePage asked, taken aback by Rousseau’s rush to follow through on the Countess’s information.  “What if this 'intelligence' is a feint designed to force us into concentrating on the wrong area of the city and exposing a vulnerability elsewhere?”
“Are you suggesting the Countess has worked undercover all this time merely to advise us that an attack is imminent right before her government launches a separate attack on us?” Rousseau asked.  “A healthy degree of skepticism is appropriate, but you know we have to act on this intelligence.”
“As long as we don’t abandon our other leads,” Dupuy interjected.  LePage glanced in irritation in his direction, having forgotten he was present.   
“They may not have identified the correct target,” the younger man continued.  “I've been monitoring the movements of the anarchists for days, and they are planning something near the Luxembourg Palace.  I can't say they're planning to blow up the Senate while it's in session, but I have no doubt that they are executing some sort of plan.”
Rousseau looked to LePage for a reaction.  “They were making explosives when I was embedded with them,” LePage acknowledged.  “It's possible that they could be planning something.”  In truth, he found the idea of the remnants of the anarchist group plotting to bomb the French Senate exceedingly unlikely.
Rousseau nodded to acknowledge the possibility that Dupuy's suspicions were correct, but his eyes told LePage that he was skeptical. 
“I still wish to have you oversee the Exposition,” he announced to LePage.  “It's a far larger area with the possibility of more human casualties.”  He turned to Dupuy. “I will, however, assign a team of operatives to accompany you to St. Germaine.  Show them what you've observed and coordinate additional surveillance with them.  If additional security is needed at the Palace, they'll advise you how to proceed.”
LePage looked over at Dupuy, whose eyes were wide with the realization that his words had just resulted in the implementation of a full-scale intelligence operation. 
“Until further intelligence is gained, proceed as if both locations are high-risk areas under immediate threat.” Dupuy was staring off into the distance, and LePage was not certain the young man heard Rousseau’s words. 



The hour was boorishly late by the time Patrick reached Veronique's neo-Gothic townhouse.  Sofia, who opened her mouth to interrogate him upon opening the door, met his knock with a disapproving frown.
“I must speak with Mademoiselle,” he said before the servant could utter a word. 
“She's -” Sofia attempted.
“Immediately,” Patrick continued in a voice that left no room for discussion. 
Sofia admitted Patrick into the hallway, where he could see into the lamp-lit sitting room across from the study.  Inside, he saw Veronique seated on a velvet settee, a cup and saucer in her hand.  She looked up at his arrival, her eyes narrowing as she appraised him to determine what could have brought him to her door at such an hour. 
Sofia bustled off toward the sitting room to announce his arrival, but Veronique was already leaning forward to speak to whoever was visiting with her and was on her feet before her servant crossed the hallway. 
“Deputy Dupuy,” she said in a tone loud enough to announce his presence to anyone seated in the sitting room.  “Is anything the matter?”
“I need to speak with you,” he told her.  He was looking past her, however, angling his neck with as much subtly as he could manage to see her visitor. 
“Shall we?” Veronique said, stepping toward the nearest doorway. 
For all his awkward peering, Patrick had only managed to spy the toes of a pair of polished shoes and a trouser cuff within his field of vision into the sitting room.  He was trying to imagine to whom those shoes might belong when he turned and saw Veronique standing in the doorway to her father's study.  He noticed for the first time that she was wearing a gown, a fine lemon-colored satin frock with mauve La France roses painted on the skirt.  She had been out that evening.
Inside the study, he waited for her to close the door behind them before saying, “That's a very nice dress. Have you been -”
“It's Gerard Modot sitting in my parlor,” she said with a lack of patience.  “He's come to assist me with some budgetary issues in preparation for a meeting with the company's board of directors.”
Without thinking, Patrick exhaled in relief.  He realized, too late, that the release was visible to her.
“Now, what has brought you here in such a state?” she asked. 
“The city isn't safe,” he said.  “We're trying to identify the specific target, but some type of attack is imminent.”
“'Imminent' meaning tonight, or this week?” she asked. 
“Tomorrow.”
“Where is this information from?”
“Our mutual friend from Germany,” he replied in a hushed voice.  He watched her face and saw that the knowledge that the information suggesting a threat had originated from the Countess made the threat more credible to her, rather than less.  
“I have work to do,” he said, approaching her.  He knew he should have gone directly to the Senate, but he had been compelled to see her and deliver his warning in person.  “Promise me you will stay away from the Luxembourg Gardens and the Exposition.”
“She knows where -”
He shook his head. “Just avoid both of those parts of the city,” he said.  “Do you promise?”
“Of course -” she began.
Without pausing to consider his actions, and unable to separate his concern for her safety from his appreciation of the way the yellow gown fit her, he leaned forward and kissed her.
If he had hesitated for an instant, he would have concerned himself with the possibility that she may have recoiled from his advance, but the thought did not occur to him until after he'd released her.
Her eyes were wide, but she did not appear shocked.  He felt a compulsion to kiss her again, but having followed his impulse once, his senses were returning to him. 
“I have to go,” he told her.  He lingered for a moment, staring into her unblinking brown eyes, before turning for the door.  He left the room, then the house, without looking back. 



When Veronique returned to the sitting room, M. Modot was sitting patiently on the embroidered, gold-hued settee. His coffee cup was empty, and his nose was in one of the various ledgers she had brought home from the office. 
She knew he would have let her resume their conversation without inquiring regarding her visitor, but she also knew that if she ignored Patrick’s interruption, M. Modot might scrutinize her for a reason why and, in doing so, take note of her flushed cheeks and of the lack of focus in her eyes.
“My apologies, Monsieur Modot,” she said, returning to her seat in the white, upholstered fruitwood chair across from him.  “Deputy Dupuy made an unannounced call.  I'm afraid he's become quite smitten with me.”
“So I've heard,” Modot replied with a smile.  He closed the ledger and set it in front of him. 
Veronique did not care for the knowing glint in M. Modot's eyes. 
“From whom, may I ask?” 
He shrugged and raised his hands to signal he meant no harm.  “Just some gossip I heard.”  He repositioned himself on the settee, as if he meant to change the tone of the conversation.  “May I ask how well you know the young Deputy?”
Veronique hesitated, knowing that M. Modot was merely attempting to protect her, but thrown off balance by his direct manner.  “I have known him for many years. His father knew mine.”
“Of course,” M. Modot said.  “Who didn't know your father?  I only ask because I know Deputy Dupuy to be closely acquainted with a certain professor at the Sorbonne –  Are you familiar with Robert LePage?”
Veronique froze in her chair.  She stared at M. Modot's face, using all of her strength to keep her features frozen.  She had no way of determining how much M. Modot knew about LePage's true nature or activities, but she was not going to allow herself to slip and confirm whatever suspicions the man had.  She was confident that Modot was unaware of the level of her own involvement with LePage and his associates, and so she focused on the question of why Modot was so concerned about Patrick's relationship with them.
“I've met Professor LePage,” she was compelled to admit.  “He struck me as an unremarkable, if dour, academic type.”
“I'm afraid that LePage is a far more dangerous man than you may realize,” Modot said, his tone soft with sympathy for Veronique's ignorance.  “His position at the Sorbonne is but a mere cover for his true status as a spy and assassin.” 
Veronique felt a surge of adrenaline rush up through her chest from her stomach so forcefully that it sent her heart racing and her pulse throbbing behind her eyes.  It was too much to hope that she wasn't flushed at hearing Modot speak so bluntly, and so she attempted to diffuse suspicion by playing the familiar role of the shocked young lady. 
“Monsieur, I can only assume you are playing a joke on me by speaking in this outlandish manner,” she replied.  
“I'm afraid I am quite serious,” Modot replied, his tone heavy with earnest concern.   
“It's preposterous,” Veronique said, trying to lighten the tone of her voice with a degree of feigned amusement.  “Assassins walking the halls of the Sorbonne . . .”
Modot stared at her for a long moment that passed silently, but heavily and with foreboding.  Veronique felt a chill.
“Mademoiselle, you know that I am a well-connected man,” he began.  “I have many friends in the government.  That is one of the reasons your father asked me, out of all of his personal and business acquaintances, to watch over you in the event that some tragedy befell him.”
Veronique's throat, dry as paper, tightened.  She did not know what Modot was about to tell her, but she knew without doubt that it would be of huge import.  She could not shrug off the sensation that her life was about to change forever. 
“I have struggled,” Modot continued.  “With the decision as to whether to tell you what I have learned about LePage's history.  For some time, I felt that the knowledge would only trouble you and drag you down to the depths of grief from which you escaped not so long ago.  But as I have become aware of your acquaintance with Deputy Dupuy, who is himself closely aligned with Professor LePage, I am afraid I have no choice.” 
Modot turned in his seat, reaching for the case he routinely carried to business meetings.  Veronique sat motionless, paralyzed with dread. 
From the case, Modot produced a battered and yellowed file folder.  Across the front of the folder was scrawled the word “CONFIDENTIAL” in a clear and strong hand. 
“This is the file documenting the government's involvement in the assassination of two of its leading citizens on August 20, 1894.”
He held the envelope out to her, but for a moment, Veronique could not lift her hand to receive it.
“I'm sure you'll recognize the name of the operative who was given the task of poisoning your mother and father.”
Veronique felt her hand taking the file folder and setting it on her lap without consciously directing it to do so.  It was as if some other woman was sitting in her place, and she was merely observing her in the act of opening the file documenting the truth about her parents' assassinations.



CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX


The Exposition Universalle, like the three world's fairs that had preceded it, occupied the entirety of the Champ de Mars, the green space in the shadow of the École Militaire that the French Army used to perform drills.  The park was lined with pavilions representing more than a dozen nations, as well as larger chateaus devoted to celebrating various technical achievements and developments.  The exposition, like its predecessors, was a conspicuous demonstration of the optimism of the age, as well as a platform on which the participating nations could flaunt the various technological innovations they felt entitled them to the envy of their neighbors.  As LePage walked toward the stately École Militaire building at the southeastern end of the park, his shadow was covered by that of Eiffel's tower, that monstrous relic of the 1889 Exposition that epitomized the gaudiness of the Exposition and stood blighting the skyline at the space's western end.   
As he walked, LePage surveyed the crowd, which was thick, but not congested, with out of town visitors and bourgeois Parisians intermingling as they moved among the fair's attractions. 
“Anything?” asked a voice, as one of the passersby fell into step with him.  To any observer they would appear to be strangers, only walking in proximity by chance.
“Nothing,” LePage told Rousseau.  “You.  Me.  Eight officers of the intelligence directorate, thirteen gendarmes, and two-dozen Parisian police officers.  While we're all combing through temporary buildings erected for the benefit of tourists, these ‘rogue’ Germans could be plotting to bomb almost anything in the city.”
Rousseau smiled, his way of signaling to LePage that he knew his subordinate was venting his frustrations.  “Have they cleared every building?” 
“They've cleared the international pavilions,” LePage said, stopping short in front of a white building with a red, gabled roof and a prominent, gold-tipped spire.  “I checked this one personally.”
Rousseau looked up and smiled again when he recognized the building as the German pavilion.  He turned, and LePage watched his face as he surveyed the placid Exposition's grounds.  LePage had himself spent the last hour doing the same thing, and he knew there was nothing out of the ordinary to see. 
“She's misdirected us,” LePage told him.  “And I'm afraid of what the reason may be.”
Rousseau stared off in the direction of the École Militaire, considering.  After a moment, he shook his head. 
“No,” he said as he turned back to face LePage.  “Complete the sweep here.  Every technical pavilion.  And the tower.”  He nodded toward the iron frame of Eiffel's tower. 
LePage sighed.  He'd survived the first eleven years of the tower's life without ever being compelled to climb it. 
“If you complete the search and find nothing out of order,” Rousseau continued.  “We'll leave a small group of officers behind and rendezvous with the men I've assigned to Dupuy.”
LePage nodded and turned, ostensibly to move toward the electric pavilion, but in truth, to hide his frustration from Rousseau.  They had wasted the afternoon playing into the Germans' hands, and his reward for clearing the Exposition would be another detour chasing Dupuy's misguided suspicions.  In the meantime, the city could be burning. 



Patrick was positioned in his now-customary spot, seated in front of the Medici fountain just east of the palace that housed the French Senate.  The location gave him a view of nearly three quarters of the park, as well as two sides of the palace in which the Senate met.  Over the course of the day, he'd parked himself in chairs or on one the steps leading up from the garden's fountains to its marionette stage, but he had yet to see any sign of the anarchists. 
Patrick was not alone in the Luxembourg Gardens.  Two officers from the intelligence directorate, along with four gendarmes in plain dress, were also circulating throughout the park.  From where he sat, Patrick could see two of the gendarmes, and he knew where the other two were located out of his line of sight.  The intelligence officers, Gegauff and Staquet, were ghosts.  Patrick had not seen them since the morning briefing in a basement room beneath the Pantheon.  As he watched the passersby flowing through the park, Patrick had no idea where they were located, but he knew they were present, watching and waiting. 
In the days leading up to the meeting at Rousseau's shop, Patrick had logged countless hours in and around the Luxembourg Gardens.  He had walked the breadth of both the Latin Quarter and St. Germaine, and he had stalked the halls of the Sorbonne.  As a result of his efforts, he was becoming proficient in hiding in plain sight, blending among the passersby so that he could watch the scene for signs of trouble without being noticed. 
He had also acquired what he assumed was an unparalleled degree of knowledge on the subject of foot traffic in the Luxembourg Gardens.  He knew the rhythms of the park, the ratios of tourists to students, and the signals broadcast by loiterers.  Most often, the loiterers were merely indigent poor seeking a place to rest and, for the bold, to panhandle.  On his first day surveiling the park, Patrick had raised an alarm in response to identifying one of these poor wretches, but now he could distinguish indigents from legitimate threats with no more than a glance. 
Over the course of the last two days, he and his team had observed too much anarchist activity, both in the park and on the university's campus, for Patrick to doubt that a threat was imminent.  As the shadows in the park grew long, however, and the day grew late, he began to worry that he had misread the signs.  The park was quiet, and he had seen nothing to indicate that Countess Estampe's intelligence was in any way related to the Senate or the Luxembourg Gardens. 
“Excuse me, Monsieur,” said a voice from behind Patrick.  He turned in his chair and was unsurprised to see Officer Senne standing behind him, a cigar clamped between his yellowed teeth.  “Might I trouble you for a match?”
Patrick smiled politely and drew a matchbox from inside his jacket.  He held the matches out to Senne, and as the mustachioed policeman took the box, he said,  “The Senate is about to break from their session.”
Patrick asked under his breath, “Anything from the Exposition?” 
“Nothing,” Senne replied as he lit the cigar.  Patrick was amazed at the man's ability to enunciate with his teeth clamped down on a cigar and with his lips scarcely moving.  He was a veteran of the police force, and his discretion was the reason he had been chosen to exchange wires with Rousseau's men at the Palais de Justice, who were coordinating the city-wide response to the threat.  “All is quiet at the Exposition.”
Senne had successfully lit the cigar, and he took three quick puffs before exhaling a coarse, “Thank you.”  He held the matchbox out to Patrick, but Patrick did not take it back as he had done so smoothly on the previous occasions when they had conducted this exchange.
Senne's eyes widened with concern, but Patrick ignored him.  He was fixated on a group of four young men who had approached the south end of the nearby fountain from the Rue Auguste Comte entrance to the park.  They were over-dressed for the summer afternoon, in long overcoats, and they were carrying bundles under their arms.
“They're moving,” Patrick exclaimed, jumping from his seat.  He had waited for this moment for days, and with the realization that the anarchists were in the process of initiating their attack, a surge of excitement rushed through him with such force that he could hardly channel his energy. 
The group of anarchists was moving swiftly toward the steps leading up from the east side of the fountain.  Patrick started off at a run to intercept them, and the exertion depleted his energy sufficiently to allow him to get his bearings.  He began signaling wildly with his hand to draw out the other members of the surveillance team, and as he passed men and women seated in chairs along the fountain and embankment, he shouted instructions for them to leave the park.  He did not pause to determine if they heeded his advice. 
At the top of the nearby steps, the anarchists had unfurled their bundles, and they were in the process of extending what appeared to be a long rope or cord.  Patrick had time to wonder if the cord was attached to some kind of detonator before he mounted the steps.  Without pausing to wonder about the potential consequence of suddenly disturbing men in the process of setting explosives for detonation, Patrick launched himself over the top step and tackled the man nearest him, who was hunched over and setting the very end of the cord on the stone.
The impact surprised Patrick with its force.  The young man, tall but lean, was not built like a mountain, but his elbow struck Patrick in the stomach as he recoiled reflexively from Patrick's approach.  Patrick was thrown immediately off balance, and he toppled to the ground on top of the young anarchist.  The man immediately tried to shove Patrick off of him, but Patrick redirected the upward thrust of the man's arms, throwing the man off balance.  Patrick drove a quick punch down onto the man's cheek, eliciting a violent curse.  Patrick pulled back to unleash another blow, but the young man beneath him had gone still, his hands held to his already-swelling face. 
Before that moment, the thought of drawing his weapon had not occurred to Patrick.  As he remembered the presence of the other three anarchists, however, he threw his hand under his coat and drew out his father's antique American revolver.  He raised the heavy weapon in a defensive movement, suddenly mindful that he'd left himself open for attack as he sat astride the young man he had subdued. 
Looking about him, however, he saw Gegauff standing astride one of the other anarchists, his revolver drawn to hold him at bay.  A third anarchist was unconscious from a blow to the head, and the fourth seemed groggy from a similar complaint as he lay on his back with Staquet's foot pinned against his chest.  In his peripheral vision, he saw two of Senne's fellow gendarmes approaching from the far side of the fountain.
Seeing that the intelligence officers had matters in hand, Patrick holstered the Colt and dropped to his knees, grabbing at the thick rope set out by the anarchists.  As he grasped it, however, he felt the soft folds of cloth wrapped about it, and he began to unravel it, only to find that the wrapping was empty.  On the inside of the material, he could make out some paint marks, but he could not make any sense of them. 
“What is this?” he asked aloud.
“It's a banner,” Gegauff said. 
Patrick looked up and saw Gegauff staring out across the park at the far side of the fountain.  There, a trio of young men had unfurled a long, banner with the phrase, “Anarchism is order, government is chaos.”  A fourth was waving a black flag, the anarchist's chosen standard. 
“They're protesters,” Patrick said.  He recognized that he should have felt some sense of embarrassment after having so badly misread the anarchists' intentions, but he had no time to dwell on his mistake. 
“Wire Rousseau,” he said, turning to Senne, who was standing at the base of the steps, his gun drawn on the protesters as if he had not yet realized that they were not a threat.  “Tell him there is no anarchist threat.  The Exposition is the target.”
Senne stared up at Patrick, his pistol still aimed at the young protesters in the custody of the intelligence officers.  “Run!” Patrick shouted, and Senne did as he was instructed, turning on his heel and running across the gravel pathway, the setting sun at his back.



CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN


The Exposition was well lit, with a myriad of gas lamps lighting the pathways and an array of electric bulbs illuminating the pavilions.  The Exposition's very purpose was to provide a showcase for technological achievements, and so no exhibit or national pavilion permitted itself to be outshone by its neighbors.  LePage considered the over-use of artificial light to be a naked ploy for attention on the part of the Exposition’s planners, but he also recognized that his job would be easier in the descending twilight because of it.   
He had watched the sun set from the east pillar of Eiffel's tower, one of four mammoth feet that supported the brown, steel skeleton of the structure.  While a hideous eyesore, the tower stood astride a two and one-half acre pavilion that served as the entrance to the Exposition, and, accordingly, it provided LePage with a viewpoint from which to watch the faces of every man and woman who entered the grounds.  As he and his men had searched the Exposition without finding a sign of the German agents who were meant to be plotting the attack, and as Dupuy had telegraphed to say that the anarchists he was tracking were not a threat, LePage had reasoned that he and his men had undertaken their search prematurely.  If no German agents were located inside the Exposition, they may simply not yet have arrived on the scene.
After climbing the steel stairs to the pillar's first landing, LePage had unpacked his pipe and stood smoking and watching the steady stream of patrons flowing into the Exposition.  After less than thirty minutes' time, his attention had fixated on a pair of stone-faced men walking briskly out from beneath the tower and onto the Quai Branly.  Both men had the rigidly focused postures of military officers, and they moved with far too much purpose to be tourists or strolling Parisians.  No sooner had they turned onto the street than LePage had seen Magnier, one of the men sent by the Directorate to supplement Rousseau's squad, following them.  LePage smiled as he exhaled a puff of smoke, his vantage point having proven advantageous.  He snuffed out his pipe, however, wrapping it in the sealskin pouch he kept in the breast pocket of his jacket.  The Germans' purposeful exit from the grounds had captured his attention, and he had wished to be at the ready.
He had only waited a handful of minutes before he had identified another of the agents, this one making his way into the Exposition.  LePage identified him immediately, as his long topcoat was entirely inappropriate for the close summer air of the evening.  With the same determined bearing as his two comrades, the third man passed below the tower's sprawling base and proceeded past LePage, who casually made his way down the steps and onto the gravel-packed ground below. 
LePage followed the man, who was lean, dark-haired, and approximately LePage's own age, from a distance of more than twenty meters.  With his long coat and fast gait, the German was easy to pursue.  While he followed, LePage kept his eyes open for a fellow member of the Directorate, but the German led him through the main thoroughfare among the pavilions without crossing the path of any of Rousseau's men, who were all likely to be inside the pavilions searching for signs of German agents or the weapons they might use to strike. 
LePage was approaching the United States' pavilion when a middle-aged woman pushing a pram slowed him in his pursuit.  Seeking a hole in the assemblage of patrons gathered before the pavilion, LePage sensed a threat approaching from behind.  In the first instance, he was not aware of a specific individual bearing down on him; rather, his training merely triggered a perception of an imminent threat somewhere in the primal base of his senses.  There was something about the closeness of the air at his back and the suddenly muffled crowd noise in his ears that triggered a reflex in him.  Without a conscious thought, he lunged to his right, where more space among the crowd was available to him.  His sudden move was sufficient to spare him the brunt of the knife's thrust, but the blade still cut through the fabric of his jacket and shirt.  He felt the sting of the slash to his abdomen, recognized it as a shallow wound, and spun to deflect the next blow. 
His assailant was a nondescript man of about thirty years, dressed in a similar fashion as the man he'd been trailing.  He was clean-shaven, with his prematurely thinning hair cropped close, but nothing in his appearance would indicate to a layperson that he was a former soldier.  Looking into the man’s cool eyes and dodging his stealthy knife jab, LePage could see that his attacker was a former German officer as surely as if the man had been in uniform.  With his focus on the suspected German agent he'd been pursuing, however, LePage had not noticed anyone trailing him, and he was now paying for his lack of awareness through his disadvantage in repelling the second German's attack. 
The German had given up the advantage inherent in his ambush when he had failed to gut LePage with his first strike.  Openly on the attack, the German thrust the point of his blade at LePage with his second effort with the intent of impaling, rather than cutting, LePage.  In response, LePage jumped reflexively to avoid the blade, while throwing his weight down on his attacker after the German extended himself in his follow through.  In doing so, LePage jostled two women who had been following behind him, one of whom staggered backwards with an audible cry.  Now positioned over the German, who was himself doubled over, LePage locked his grip on the man's wrist, holding his knife hand at a distance, then drove his elbow down into the back of his assailant’s neck just above his shoulder blades.  The German collapsed to the ground instantly. 
Straightening, LePage looked about him and found that he had made a scene.  Half a dozen Exposition patrons were standing around him, staring with expressions that ranged from amazement to horror.  They appeared to be wary of him, as if they were unable to determine if he had been the aggressor in the conflict.  LePage wiped away the line of perspiration that had formed on his brow and looked around, trying to see the original German he had pursued into the Exposition.  His attacker had accomplished his immediate goal, however, and the man he had been following had been given sufficient time to vanish from sight. 
LePage's instincts told him that he was likely near to the man's destination.  If a sentry had been posted to intercept anyone pursuing his comrade, then the area in which the sentry was posted most likely held some strategic significance.  He moved to the center of the thoroughfare, ignoring the glares and protests of those passersby in whose path he stepped.  Staring at the pavilions on either side of him, he tried to identify some significant feature in any one of them that would have attracted the Germans as a target.  He felt that the general area, near the entryway and featuring the most foot traffic in the Exposition, made it a prime location, but he was unable to discern which of the structures lining the area would make a better target than its neighbors. 
After thirty seconds of surveying his surroundings, LePage was set to storm through them one by one.  Such a manic search would be certain to cause a panic, but he was fast running out of the time necessary to proceed delicately.  Before he charged through the door of the nearest pavilion celebrating France's scientific accomplishments or the cultural contributions of one of her European neighbors, however, he was handed a stroke of good fortune.  From between the columns marking the grand, arched entrance of one of the nearest structures – the long optics pavilion - LePage saw a lone man emerge.  He was not the man LePage had pursued into the Exposition, but he was of a similar age and demeanor as the other German agents.  Unseen from within the crowd of passersby, LePage watched the man as he descended the steps leading to the entrance, turned sharply when his foot hit the gravel path of the thoroughfare, and turned west toward the exit to the Exposition. 
From the man's brisk pace, LePage inferred that the job, from the German agents' perspective, was done.  The man he was watching appeared to be removing himself from harm's way as he hurried in the direction of Eiffel's tower, and LePage assumed that mere minutes were left for him to act.  
Drawing his revolver from within his jacket, LePage raised it in the air and fired two shots in quick succession, followed by a third fired after a moment's silence.  The effect was immediate.  The patrons moving each way along the thoroughfare recoiled in shock, then scurried off in every direction.  Rather than running directly for the exit, they simply dispersed randomly, attempting merely to put as much distance between themselves and LePage as possible. 
If the bomb was set, then no basis remained for placing the patrons in harm's way.  Setting them to evacuating themselves from the Exposition had not been LePage's primary intent in firing the three shots, however.  The sequence constituted a pre-arranged signal to Rousseau and the other Intelligence officers to begin the evacuation.  It told the others what LePage feared he had confirmed to be true:  the bomb’s detonation was imminent.
The shots had attracted the attention of the German who had emerged from the long pavilion as well.  Contrary to LePage's expectations, however, instead of running for the exit, the man drew a pistol of his own and started toward LePage.  In response, LePage fired twice at the man, hoping for a lucky shot, but intending merely to buy himself a precious space of time in which to circumvent his pursuer.  LePage was standing amidst more than a dozen innocent passersby and feared for their safety if he drew the German's fire.  More significantly, however, was his pressing lack of time in which to indulge in a shootout with the other man.  If the bomb was set, he had to get inside the pavilion as soon as possible. 
In response to LePage’s shots, the German was forced to duck low to make himself less of a target.  Without waiting to verify the man’s position, however, LePage started off at a run, his pistol still in hand.  Instead of approaching the pavilion's main entrance, which would likely result in an entanglement with his pursuer, LePage sprinted down the length of the pavilion toward the narrow alley between it and its neighbor, the gold-domed Italian pavilion. 
As he ran, LePage was mindful of the fact that despite having only one more round loaded in his revolver, he had no time to pause to reload it.  He glanced over his shoulder to see if the German was giving chase, only to see that the man was not only following him, but that he was gaining ground.  The man was faster than LePage, which was problematic in itself, but he was also brandishing what LePage had to assume was a fully loaded pistol at LePage's back.
As he reached the corner of the pavilion, LePage heard the report of the German's first shot ring out.  In reflex, he ducked as he turned the corner of the building, and as he slipped into the alley, he heard the shot strike the corner of the pavilion.  Without consciously intending to do so, LePage absently calculated that the bullet had missed striking him by less than half a meter. 
With his pursuer gaining ground, LePage knew he would have to find an alternate entrance to the pavilion sooner rather than later.  Hugging the face of the pavilion's white walls, he nearly ran at full speed directly into a service door that had opened outward into his path.  His heart was pounding and his lungs were burning, but he did not hesitate as he lunged toward the door, knowing the armed German would be turning into the alley behind him at any second.
LePage was forced to stop short, however, when a man in a long topcoat stepped out through the door without seeing his frantic approach.  LePage recognized that the man was the very same one whom he had followed from the tower into the Exposition mere minutes before, but the realization of this fact was relegated to the back of his mind by the more immediate recognition of the dull grinding sound of quick boots on gravel he heard in the distance behind him.  His pursuer had reached the mouth of the alley. 
LePage's need to act was so immediate that he did not have the luxury of thinking through his available options before his well-honed reflexes took action on his behalf.  His arms grabbed the German in the long coat, and his body spun on the heels of his feet, pulling the German’s back against his chest and turning them both to face the approaching man.  No sooner had LePage ducked his head behind the man who was now both his captive and shield than he heard the shots and felt the impact of three bullets penetrating the man's chest. 
LePage looked up and saw the German shooter approaching at a full run with his pistol held out in front of him.  Not waiting for the man to take another shot, LePage raised his own revolver and fired his last remaining shot. 
For a brief moment, LePage waited for the other man's return fire and for the bullet that would kill him where he stood, but the shot never came.  LePage watched, as if in slow motion, as the other man's weapon flew out in front of him, landing on the gravel and sliding toward LePage.  The man slid back on his heels with the force of LePage's shot and fell onto his back. 
LePage dropped the now-dead man he'd used as a shield.  His body crumpled to the ground at LePage's feet, where the surrounding gravel immediately began turning dark with blood.  Stepping over the dead man, LePage rushed to where his pursuer's pistol had slid to a stop.  Lifting it from the ground, he saw that it was not a revolver at all; rather, it was a newly developed semi-automatic pistol holding two more rounds in its handle than LePage’s revolver.  From intra-Directorate memoranda, he knew the weapon to be a Luger P08, manufactured in Berlin by DWM, but he had never seen such a pistol in the field.  Holding the weight of the Luger in his palm and watching the moonlight try to reflect off its dull, metal barrel, LePage could feel how significantly out-gunned he had been in the chase.    
Approaching the formidable pistol's owner where he was sprawled on his back, LePage saw that the man’s chest was still rising and falling with the rhythm of his breath, LePage’s shot having entered his chest just below his right shoulder.  Ten centimeters further to the right, and LePage's last shot would have gone wide, leaving him wholly vulnerable as the man approached with a wealth of rounds remaining in the clip of his weapon.  
“Where is it?” he demanded, training the nose of the Luger at the bleeding man's face.
“You know where it is,” the man replied, his Low German accent thick.  
LePage glanced back at the pavilion, knowing that it could explode at any moment. 
“How much time do I have?” he asked.
“Your time is already up,” the German spat at him.  LePage rolled his eyes.  He had no time for deranged political rhetoric.  Leaning forward, he stuck the end of the heavy, German pistol’s barrel under the man's chin, and then hoisted him to his feet. 
“We're going in together,” he told the man.  “If you want to live through the night, you'd best hope there's time enough remaining for me to find it.”
The German stared back at LePage but said nothing.  LePage jabbed the nose of the weapon deeper into the flesh below the man's face.  “Walk quickly,” he ordered.
Inside, LePage stepped into a long, arched chamber that resembled nothing more than the tunnels in which the recently opened Metropolitain underground train ran beneath the city.  A massive steel cylinder approximately sixty meters in length occupied the chamber, and LePage recognized it immediately as the Exposition Refractor.  One of the centerpieces of the Exposition, it was the largest telescope ever constructed.  He began scanning the area for signs of explosives or telltale wires, but the space was simply too long, the shadows too dark.  He turned toward the German, who smiled at him. 
From behind him, LePage heard the service door crash open.  Spinning on his heels, he raised the Luger and pulled the defiant German close to him in an effort to provide himself with another shield.  He relaxed immediately, however, upon seeing Rousseau and another of his men, Chenal, standing in the doorway with their revolvers drawn. 
“Are you all right?” Rousseau asked. 
LePage said only, “It’s here,” before shoving the wounded German toward Chenal.  “Get him out of here,” he ordered.  “He's just going to bleed to death.” 
LePage recognized that the man was prepared to die to prevent his mission from failing.  For LePage, who had adopted the very same mindset on multiple occasions, the signs were plain to see.  If the man died in the blast, however, the Intelligence Directorate would lose its only captive member of the rogue group of Germans executing the attack. 
Rousseau nodded for Chenal to follow LePage's instructions.  “Have the men set up a perimeter around this pavilion.  Keep expanding as the evacuation continues.”  Chenal nodded and withdrew, the now-pale German offering no resistance in his wounded state. 
“If it's not set, no one else is getting in this building to light the fuse,” Rousseau said. 
“It's on a timer,” LePage replied, walking along the immense telescope's length, searching above and beneath it for a package strapped to its face or tucked beneath its girth.  “Just like the one in the café.”
Rousseau nodded and began searching the corners of the building.  As Rousseau moved deeper into the chamber, LePage could sense the older man fighting back the panic that naturally results from being in a room with a ticking bomb. 
“We probably have a better chance of finding it if our prisoner talks,” LePage said, forcing a level, even tone into his voice.  It was beginning to appear likely that the bomb might detonate before they found it, and there was no sense in them both being blown up.  He knew Rousseau would never leave him to face the danger alone, and so he attempted to give his old handler and brother in arms a way out of the room.  “You were always a swifter interrogator than me,” he added. 
“You'd like that, wouldn't you,” Rousseau responded, not so much as looking up from the wheeled apparatus he was examining at the far end of the telescope.  LePage knew the apparatus held the mirrors necessary for directing light into the telescope, which was too massive to be raised and pointed into the sky.  “You'd probably find the bomb the moment I stepped outside, and you'd hold it over me for the rest of our lives.” 
LePage smiled at himself as he reached the far end of the telescope.  Looking back down its length, he was keenly aware that the rest of his life might not be long enough to permit him to reach the far end of the telescope.



CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT


Patrick, having forced his way against the tide of panicked people flooding out of the Exposition, ran down the length of the gravel pathway toward the cluster of gendarmes and plainly-dressed intelligence officers gathered outside the Optics Pavilion. 
“Where's Rousseau?” he demanded of the first intelligence officer he approached. 
The man looked him over.  “You can't go in there,” he said, but Patrick was already sprinting toward the ornate entryway.  From behind him he heard the officer call after him, but the only word he made out was “bomb.”
Throwing the entrance door open, he rushed through the pavilion's empty lobby and into the inner chamber which housed the refractor.  Inside, he saw LePage and Rousseau pouring over the telescope, their movements harried, their brows moist.  The air was close in the early summer evening, and the chamber smelled of anxious perspiration.  Patrick was more startled by the sight of these battle-hardened men fighting panic than by the existence of the bomb they were searching for in vain.  Something about seeing LePage’s eyes dart about the telescope with a kind of desperate energy sent Patrick's stomach rolling, and it took all of his efforts to resist the instinctual urge to run from the pavilion. 
“Get out,” Rousseau said, his voice tight. “There's -”
“A bomb,” Patrick said, completing the warning for him.  “I know.  I assume you've searched every corner of this place.”
With more effort than he would ever admit to anyone, Patrick took three steps into the room, looking about him for something these veterans might have missed.  Rousseau and LePage exchanged a glance.  Although he knew it might be the last thing he ever saw, Patrick was pleased in spite of himself to recognize that he had earned some degree of both men's respect. 
“We've been through the entire chamber twice over,” Rousseau said.
“The grounds have been evacuated,” Patrick told them.  “Why not withdraw and let it -”
“They smuggled enough explosive material into the city to blow up the entire Seventh Arrondissement,” LePage replied.  “If the bomb detonates, it could kill thousands.”
Patrick considered the grisly possibility.  The Seventh Arrondissement was not only home to the wealthiest citizens of Paris, but it was also host to diplomatic embassies, national offices, and Patrick’s own Chamber of Deputies.  If he wanted to start a war, shake the foundations of France, or both, Patrick could not think of a better part of the city to destroy.  
Forcing such thoughts from his mind, he stared at the telescope, trying to imagine why, of all the available locations, the bombers would have chosen this pavilion as cover for their terrible device.  He asked himself where he would place a bomb he wanted to leave it hidden until he could safely escape its blast.  Standing back from Rousseau and LePage, surveying the whole pavilion as a backdrop to their frantic search, the answer came to him.
“You've been all over the telescope,” he said, striding toward the far end of the massive tube where its huge refractor lens was located.  “But have you looked inside it?” 
Rousseau and LePage stared at him. 
“It's a hollow tube,” he said, approaching the lens.  It was extraordinarily large, and he had to climb onto the mounting apparatus to inspect the brackets holding it in place. 
Rousseau and LePage rushed to his side.  “Can we remove the lens?” Rousseau demanded in an urgent tone.   
Patrick shook his head.  “It's far too heavy for the three of us to lift away,” he told them.  “And the brackets are drilled and welded into place.  It would take a crew of workman the better part of the night to remove it.”
“Then they must have found another way into it,” Rousseau said, feeling his way down the length of the telescope. 
“It's solid steel,” Patrick told him.  “Even with the proper tools, we don't have time to undo whatever it was they did.”
“No wonder there were so many of them coming and going,” LePage said in an absent tone as he approached the lens.  Drawing an odd pistol Patrick had never before seen, LePage tapped the lens with the barrel of the weapon to test its thickness.  The lens stared back at him unfazed, however, an unblinking and unfocussed eye.  Patrick understood what LePage was considering, and he admitted to himself that he could think of no better solution. 
Drawing his father's Colt, he took a place beside LePage before the great, glass disk.  “It's convex,” he advised.  “Thickest at the center, but the weakest portion is the section mounted onto the telescope.”
LePage nodded and raised his pistol.  Patrick grabbed his arm, and pulled him back several paces.  “That glass is going to shatter,” he said.  Both men pulled their jackets up over their faces to protect against any flying shards and aimed their weapons at the world's largest refracting lens. 
“Left to right,” LePage shouted, and then he started firing.  The sound, once Patrick joined him in shooting at the lens, was deafening as they stood side by side, emptying their pistols into the lens.  Between the sound of the shots, and the high-pitched shatter and splintering of the heavy glass, Patrick's ears were ringing before they'd fired their last shots. 
He did not hesitate, however, once they had emptied their weapons, before rushing toward the splintered and broken lens still hanging in place at the end of the telescope.  LePage placed a hand on his shoulder. 
“Outside,” he said.  “You've done enough.”  Tossing his pistol to the ground, LePage climbed onto the telescope's platform and kicked at the cracked and shattered glass until enough of the heavy lens fell to the floor to enable him to climb into the telescope. 
Pulling a packet of matches from within his jacket, he struck one, and dove through the opening into the dark, steel tube. 
“Mind the flame,” Rousseau called after him.  “It's not likely to need more than a stray ember to ignite the whole damn thing.” 
“He's got it,” Patrick said, stepping to the door.  Rousseau ignored him, remaining in place.  Patrick stared at the stubborn man, seemingly willing to stand uselessly next to a ticking bomb as a mere demonstration of solidarity.  
“If you both die in here, who's going to brief the Directorate?” Patrick asked after a second’s pause. 
Rousseau glanced at him, looked back into the darkened end of the long, steel telescope, then turned to follow Patrick, who was already stepping with no shortage of relief through the door and out into the damp night. 



The telescope was sufficiently large that LePage made quick progress sliding through the steel tube.  His most significant obstacle was the complete absence of light.  He repeatedly lit matches, holding them in front of him until they burned down and singed his fingertips, but the light they offered was limited to the point that he was compelled to feel around the inner surface of the tube to verify that it was free of explosives. 
After crawling for what felt like nearly a kilometer, LePage began to fear that Dupuy had been mistaken in suspecting the bomb was housed within the tube.  Holding the match aloft and in front of him, he tried to see the end of the darkened tunnel, but he was unable to do so.  The extent of the black space extending before him gave him hope, however, that he still had space remaining in which to search for the bomb.
After traveling several more meters, LePage flicked his most recent match away as it burned down.  The match bounced along the inside of the tube, its quiet impact echoing throughout the telescope.  LePage paid the sound no mind, scurrying forward into the blackness, but after a moment, he noticed that the sound was continuing to echo in his ears.  Freezing in place, he listened closely, and in the silence he was able to identify the sound he was hearing not as an echo bouncing off the interior face of the tube, but as a separate and sustained sound of its own, one that LePage had no difficulty in recognizing. 
The sound was that of a clock ticking. 
Lunging ahead, LePage did not waste time lighting another match.  Crawling forward in the darkness, he listened, his sense of hearing heightened to an almost supernatural level by the adrenaline coursing through his system and as a result of the deprivation of his sight.  The quiet, but steady, ticking of a clock was unmistakable.  Feeling with his hands, he groped feverishly in the darkness, seeking out the clock ticking down the seconds until the bomb's detonation.



When she stepped down from the carriage that had deposited her at the entrance to the Exposition, Veronique was taken aback by the sheer scale of the herd of people being driven out of the Exposition toward her.  Fighting against the current of traffic, she was compelled to slide, turn, and pivot her way through the excited stream of exiting patrons, all of whom had dropped any sense of decorum in their single-minded drive to escape the premises. 
Acknowledging the crowd's behavior as confirmation that Patrick's earlier warning had pointed her to the correct location, she held her hat to her head and forced herself into the crowd. 
By the time she reached the massive base of the Eiffel tower, the crowd had thinned, with only stragglers rushing past toward the street behind her.  Once she passed beneath the tower, it took her almost no time to identify her destination within the Exposition.  While the patrons had been drained from the grounds, a crowd of gendarmes and commonly dressed men were gathered around one of the pavilions facing the main thoroughfare.  Determined not to be seen, she made her way down the opposite side of the thoroughfare, past the facades of the pavilions decorated with the styles and iconography of the nations they were meant to represent, and she surveyed the men standing outside the long, ornately decorated pavilion across from her. 
She was unable to spy LePage in the group, but in a moment, she was able to identify both Patrick and Rousseau, who were standing with their backs toward her, staring at the pavilion.  She knew that if Patrick saw her, he would delay her and likely have her removed from the premises.  Unwilling to entertain the possibility, she crouched in the doorway of the pavilion across the thoroughfare from the gathering of police and intelligence officers and waited. 



When LePage had placed his hands on the tightly wrapped sticks of dynamite bundled together inside the telescope, he recognized that he could not risk lighting a match for the sake of light.  Rousseau had been correct in his concern that an errant spark from the tip of a match head could instantly ignite the bomb.  He had also had sufficient experience with explosives to understand that he could not safely drag the bomb out of the tube and into the light, even if he was not racing the detonator's clock. 
Resolving himself to the task at hand, LePage felt gingerly along the nest of wires running through and around the dynamite until he was holding the detonator's device in his hands.  He sighed audibly with relief when he was able to identify the object in his hand as an ordinary, wind-able alarm clock.
Careful not to jostle the clock's interior spring into a premature alarm, he turned the clock over in his hand and drew a knife from within his jacket.  With the finely honed edge of the blade, he pried the clock's flat, brass rear face off and tossed it behind him down the length of the telescope.  It objected to this treatment with a loud clank, and the echoes of its metallic percussions were deafening inside the steel tube.  LePage ignored the noise, however, probing delicately with the tip of his finger the clock's internal gears and oscillating wheels.
Holding the clock in his hands, he could now feel its ticking as well as hear it, and the tactile reminder of the seconds slipping by made him acutely aware that he had to act quickly.  With little difficulty, he found the two gears attached to the alarm's hammer.  Disabling those gears would do little to affect the imminent explosion, however, other than silencing the clock's alarm at the moment it was blown into shards by the dynamite. 
Deeper inside the clock, he found the additional gears driving the hour and minute hands, identifiable as they were motionless.  At first he struggled to find the gear he sought, but feeling along the interior of the clock for vibrations, he found the second hand's gear. 
In doing so, however, he identified an additional obstacle.  The clock's gears were protected by a guard formed by a thin piece of metal, most certainly attached to the shell of the clock by tiny screws LePage had neither the tools to remove, nor the ability to find in the dark.  
Fighting off the panic welling up inside him, he allowed himself a rough curse, which thundered through the steel cylinder, then drew the knife and attempted to slide its sharp, pointed tip behind the metal guard.  The blade slid behind the tiny panel easily enough, but as soon as he tried to reach the gear with it, he met resistance.  He could not be certain what effect violently forcing the knife into the clock's inner workings might have on the detonator that was the only thing that separated him from being blown to pieces.  Summoning every component of his inner strength, LePage forced his hand to steady, then began to slide the knife's tip delicately and with agonizingly deliberate slowness behind the metal guard in the hopes of reaching the gear steadily driving the second hand toward the moment of detonation. 
Ignoring the sweat dripping off his forehead and onto his hand, LePage held his breath and adjusted the knife's angle with a series of fine, minute manipulations.  With so much of his energy focused on the delicate task at hand, he felt himself losing his grip on the panic he was holding at bay until he felt a light jolt of resistance run through the blade and up the handle of the knife.  The sensation reverberated through his hand and wrist like a current of electricity.   



Outside the optics pavilion, Patrick was growing restless.  He was shuffling in place like an impatient child, staring at the arched face of the pavilion, and attempting to will LePage into emerging from its doors.  Several minutes had passed since he and Rousseau had left LePage inside.  Rousseau had spent the intervening time issuing orders to his men, who had created a perimeter of more than fifty meters around the optics pavilion in an attempt to keep any of his or the police's personnel outside the immediate blast radius.  While the pavilion had not yet exploded, the extended silence they had been forced to endure since last seeing LePage only made Patrick grow more agitated.  He could not help but be conscious that there could only be a finite amount of time left on the detonator's clock before the bomb's scheduled explosion, and they had to be close to having exhausted it.
“Is the young woman meant to be here?” Chenal asked.  He was standing on the opposite side of Rousseau as Patrick. 
“What woman?” Rousseau asked, his eyes still trained on the pavilion's facade. 
“That one,” Chenal responded, turning.  “Well, she's disappeared, now.  She was crouching in the entryway of the Belgian pavilion across the grounds from us.”
Rousseau shrugged, as Chenal’s comments were the least interesting thing he had ever heard. 
“What did she look like?” Patrick asked, suddenly struck by a sense of dread. 
“Pretty.  Dark-haired.  Wearing a fine, yellow gown.”
Patrick spun on his heel, searching the facades of the pavilions across the thoroughfare.  The longer he stood outside the optics pavilion waiting for LePage to emerge, the more convinced he had become that the bomb could not be prevented from detonating.  The idea that Veronique was present horrified him, as he was immediately conscious of the only reason she would have thought to come to the Exposition's grounds.
The sudden murmuring of excited voices from among the men assembled between him and the Optics Pavilion swung his attention back to the matter of the bomb, however, and when he turned, he almost did not believe his eyes as he saw LePage emerging from the pavilion's front entrance. 
LePage looked exhausted, his harms hanging limp at his sides, and his hair stuck to his head with sweat.  He had the appearance of a boxer who had just won a fight by decision, and when he raised his right hand into the air, it appeared to take a measure of effort out of him. 
In that upraised hand, however, he held a clock, which the men gathered outside immediately recognized to be part of the bomb's detonation apparatus.  Upon seeing it, a cheer erupted from the gendarmes and intelligence officers.  Rousseau immediately rushed forward, meeting LePage in the center of the thoroughfare.
“The police will need lights and some type of padding to insulate the inside of that tube,” he was telling Rousseau as Patrick reached them.
“Well done,” Rousseau said, clapping LePage on the back. “Do I want to know?”
LePage looked down at the clock in his hand.  Patrick now saw that its rear face was missing, and several of its internal components had ben pried away.  The interior shell of the clock's body was scratched and scarred as if it had been attacked with a metal implement. 
LePage handed the clock to Rousseau, who turned it over to examine it.  Looking at the small clock face set inside the larger one that told the time, Patrick saw with horror that three minutes' time had remained on the alarm at the time it had been disabled.  
“Where is he?” LePage asked, appearing to have shrugged away his weariness in the time it had taken Patrick to inspect the clock’s face. 
“The Bosnian pavilion next door,” Rousseau answered, staring down at the clock in wonder.  “The doctor is seeing to him.”
LePage nodded, and turned to start off toward the nearby Bosnian pavilion, identifiable by its columned facade, red slate roof, and tall tower capped with a green minaret. 
Patrick took a step to follow, but was stopped in his tracks by the darkness in LePage's voice as he said, “Stay here.”



CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE


When LePage entered the gas-lit entryway of the Bosnian pavilion, he saw the German he had shot lying on a bench, his shirt undone.  His chest wound was covered in bandages that had once been clean and white, but which had been so thoroughly soaked red with blood that they appeared to be crimson scarves.
At the sound of LePage's entrance, the doctor seeing to the man stood and turned to face him.  LePage looked at him expectantly, and the doctor shook his head to signal that the German would not survive his wound.  LePage glanced at the doomed man and saw that, with his eyes closed, he had not been aware of LePage's nonverbal exchange with the doctor. 
“Get out of here,” LePage suddenly shouted at the doctor.  “You can patch him up when he tells me what I want to know.”
Taken aback, the doctor stared at LePage, then opened his mouth as if to speak.  LePage stared at him deliberately, hoping to forestall the man from exposing the ruse.  From the expression on the doctor's face, LePage could not tell if the man understood his intentions, or if he was simply confused, but the man withdrew nevertheless. 
LePage approached the German, who was in a far worse state than when last he had seen him.  The man's skin was pale as parchment, and his clothes, where they were not stained with blood, were dark with sweat. 
“The bomb's been disabled,” he announced to the wounded man.  Hearing this, the dying man opened his eyes and stared up at LePage.  
“We're rounding up your confederates,” LePage continued.  “Tell me who's funding your operation, or I'll let you lie here and bleed to death.”
The man smiled weakly and appeared to attempt to laugh, but the sound came out like a wet and bubbly croak.  LePage recognized the familiar symptoms that indicated that the man was bleeding into one of his lungs.
“It's done,” LePage continued.  “And after you're dead, countless other Germans will die when France is forced to march on Berlin because a group of German spies attempted to blow up the Exposition Universalle.  There is no other way.”
The man stared up at LePage with contempt.  “We're not German spies,” he said in his choked voice.  The effort of speaking set off a burst of wet coughing, at the end of which LePage heard the German gasp the word “unofficial.”  Clearing the bubbles of blood from the inside of his throat, the German groaned out something indecipherable before concluding, “. . . war is our purpose.”
LePage sighed.  Nothing would come easy to him today, it seemed.  Still not having had the benefit of the spare seconds it would have taken to re-load his revolver, he drew the man’s Luger and pointed it at him. 
“I'm dead already,” the man said.
“Not quite,” LePage replied, jabbing the barrel of the pistol into the bleeding wound beneath the man's bandages. 
The man croaked out a strangled cry of pain.
“You still have time to die in a great deal of pain,” LePage told the man, putting his weight on the German weapon's barrel.
The man cried out even louder, and LePage withdrew the pistol, fearful that the German might pass out from the combination of pain and blood loss.
“I don't have a lot of time to spend with you,” LePage said, his tone soft and monotonous, the voice of a man haggling with the grocer.  He holstered the pistol and drew the knife he'd used to disable the bomb.  “I need to know who's enabling these attacks, and if you don't tell me soon, I'm switching to this.”
He held the blade in front of the man's eyes.  As he crouched over the man, he felt the Luger slipping out of the ill-fitting holster.  Intent on the task at hand, he drew the pistol from under his jacket and laid it on the tile floor beside him where it struck a soft chime that rang out through the quiet pavilion.  “Believe me, you'll beg me to go back to jabbing you with the pistol.  Who is it?  Who gave you your orders?  Countess Estampe?”
The man stared up at him.  From the confusion on his face, LePage saw immediately that the Countess was innocent of the accusation. 
“She's as official as ever,” the man struggled to say.  “She’s German Imperial intelligence.  She wants a war less than you do.”
“Who, then?” LePage demanded, lowering the point of the knife against the man's bandage. 
The man merely smiled.  “I don't know a name,” he said, his voice weak.  LePage noticed that the focus of the man’s gaze had grown distant.  Knowing that the man was slipping away, LePage was formulating what he fully expected to be his final question to the dying man when he heard the door open behind him.  Placing his right hand on the pistol lying beside him on the floor, he turned in place to see Mademoiselle Deschamps standing in the doorway. 
She was framed by the open doorway and LePage had to squint into the light cast by the pavilions exterior lamps, but he could plainly see that her expression was dark and that in her hands she held a revolver he immediately recognized as having been manufactured by her family's firm.  She stared at him for a long moment, the barrel of the revolver trained on his chest. 
“Why?” she demanded. Her voice was strained with emotion, but she was not frantic.  The hands holding the pistol were level, and her unblinking stare was murderous.  He saw instantly that she had somehow learned the truth.
She may have grown up around arms, but, to his knowledge, she was not an experienced shot.  At her present distance of less than six meters, she was unlikely to miss her target, but he knew instinctively that her reflexes were likely to be sufficiently slow as to permit him to raise his own weapon and fire before she shot him.  To prevent himself from being killed by her return shot, however, he would likely have to kill her.  Seeking an alternative, he decided to tell her the truth.  
“They were German collaborators,” he told her.
“A lie,” she spat back at him.  LePage had not lied, however.  Despite their considerable wealth, her father, a Jewish Frenchman, and her mother, a Russian immigrant, had been social outcasts in Paris, and they had been turned.  Their reasons were understandable, even if their actions had been contemptible.  France was not Mademoiselle Deschamps’s mother’s homeland, and the French citizens they eventually betrayed had discriminated against her father since birth.  Without a firm allegiance to France, LePage knew that an alliance with the Germans, who had so soundly crushed France in their last war, would have seemed prudent to the Deschamps.
“I won't listen to another lie,” she assured him.  “Now, tell me why.”
“Your father sold the Germans intelligence about French military readiness –“ LePage began, but his sentence died in the loud blast of a gunshot. 
LePage felt himself blown out of his crouch and onto his back before he could consciously feel the wound left behind by the shot that passed through him.  Lying on the cold tile floor, he stared up into the shadow of the vaulted ceiling.  He was aware of the warmth of the blood spreading out over his torso, and he knew in some abstract place in his mind that the wound was serious.  
The shot had sapped him of an ability to rouse himself to his feet or to defend himself against a second attack.  Defenseless and wounded, he lay taking short breaths on the floor of the pavilion while his blood pulsed out of him. 



Patrick was the first to reach the inside of the Bosnian pavilion in response to the gunshot.  Rousseau had been on his heels, and upon taking in the sight of the bleeding LePage, he rushed back out into the night to retrieve the doctor.
While Chenal and a pair of his fellow intelligence officers spread out throughout the pavilion in search of German agents, Patrick knelt beside LePage and waited for the doctor.  He took in the sight of the bleeding German prone on the nearby bench and the strange pistol lying on the floor, but he could not imagine how the dying man had been able to shoot LePage. 
“What happened?” he asked LePage, who was covered in nearly as much blood as the dying German. 
LePage was still conscious, but he was having trouble speaking.  He nodded weakly toward the German, who was muttering something in his native tongue.  In addition to his inability to speak, LePage appeared to be having difficulty moving.  His eyes were as sharp and clear as they ever were, however, and he stared intently up into Patrick's.  Patrick understood that he was trying to communicate something to him.  After a moment that seemed to last seconds, LePage deliberately shifted his gaze from Patrick to the German lying on the bench. 
Patrick glanced at the bleeding man, and he understood what LePage wanted of him just as Rousseau and the doctor burst into the room. 
Patrick ignored the doctor, who froze for a brief moment when confronted with the sight of the bleeding men until Rousseau prodded him into action by shouting, “LePage first.”
By the time the doctor knelt on the floor beside LePage, Patrick had already moved aside.  He was crouched over the German, who kept murmuring a similar phrase.  The only word Patrick recognized was “namen.” 
“Name?” Patrick asked the man. “Whose name?”
“I don't know a name,” the German responded, his eyes remaining closed.  Patrick was not certain that the man was aware of his presence.  His color was as pale as Patrick had ever seen a man's flesh. 
He looked over at LePage, who was possibly dying on the floor nearby.  LePage would have interrogated the man about his organization’s contacts within France.  Patrick could think of no other question to which the German would have answered with these protestations regarding a name. 
The doctor was moving quickly, tearing LePage's clothes from off his chest and applying bandages to his wounds.  Patrick looked at LePage's face, which was still, and he felt a rush of anger charge through him. 
He grabbed the German's shoulders and shook him.  “Tell me whom you were working with!” he shouted, but the German didn't respond.  Drawing his father's Colt, he lowered it at the man.  In that moment, he felt that he could have shot the German dead, defenseless as he was, but staring into the man's face, he could see that he was no longer aware of his surroundings.  Rather than an attempt to communicate, his murmurings were merely the mutterings of a man staring into the abyss. 
Patrick decided to take a different approach.  “You don't know his name, but you must have had a plan,” he said in a calm, reassuring tone.  “Some rendezvous in case the mission went bad.  He would need to be briefed on who had been captured, and what we knew.” 
Patrick could not imagine a group of former German spies and soldiers undertaking an operation on this scale without such a contingency in place.
The man's head rolled slightly back, and Patrick recognized that time was short.  “How were you going to reach him if you don't know his name?” he asked in the tone of a supportive comrade.  “Tell me, and I’ll get him the message.”
The man responded in German Patrick did not understand.  His eyes were closed, but his hand was reaching for one of his trouser pockets.  Patrick could not imagine that the man was reaching for a weapon, nor did he believe the man had the strength to retrieve whatever he was reaching for.
Grasping the edge of the man's pocket in his hand, he tore it with a violent jerk, and a half dozen silver Deutschmark pieces fell clattering to the floor. 
“Hôtel de Ville,” the man gasped with one of his final breaths.  Patrick looked down at the Deutschmarks scattered about the floor. 
“Am I supposed to buy something there?” Patrick asked. The man didn't respond.
“Tell me what I’m supposed to do,” Patrick asked as softly as he could while ignoring the pounding of his pulse in his temples.  “Englische Sprache.”
“The signal,” the German whispered.  “He knows the signal.” 
“What's the signal?” Patrick demanded.  The man was slipping away.  He repeated his demand twice more, but the man would give him no further information.  He was dead. 
Patrick gathered up the Deutschmarks from the floor and dropped them into his pocket.  Standing, he glanced once at LePage, who looked as close to death as the German had moments before.  Resolving himself to complete what could very well be LePage's final mission, he turned toward the door. 
“Where are you going?” Rousseau asked, his eyes trained on LePage. 
Patrick left without answering.



CHAPTER THIRTY


On the first floor of the Hôtel de Ville, a reception was being held in a long ballroom with a captivating view the Seine.  The room was lined on one side with windows, and on the other side with mirrors.  It was lit by a series of intricate electric chandeliers, and ornately carved, gilded columns supported the high ceilings. 
Beneath the chandeliers, between the mirrors and windows, tables set with the mayor's finest ceremonial china seated the most influential citizens of the capitol.  Mere weeks earlier, Patrick himself would have been invited to the event.  It was likely that, at one point, he had even heard word of it.  As he strode into the ballroom this evening, however, he could not recall what the purpose of the gathering might have been.  
In his frock coat, he was strikingly underdressed for the event.  Every other man present was dressed in formal eveningwear, wearing dark tailcoats and waistcoats with white bow ties and winged collars.  He glanced warily at the half dozen gendarmes stationed discreetly in the archways surrounding the ballroom.  Scanning the faces of the rich and powerful Parisians, he reminded himself that the man - or woman - behind the terrorist attack they had foiled that evening was in the ballroom at that very moment. 
Scanning the crowd, Patrick saw several of his former colleagues from the Chamber of Deputies and even some of his fellow members of the Order of Twelve.  Glancing toward the end of one of the nearby tables, he saw a man who was both.  Despite himself, Patrick was satisfied to see that M. Filippi was seated at one of the tables nearest the rear of the ballroom, an unmistakable indication of his diminished status.
The German had identified the Deutschmark as the signal, but it remained to Patrick to determine how to put the coins in his pocket in front of the more than one hundred men and women in the ballroom.
“What are you doing here?” a voice asked from behind him.  He turned to see Levant approaching from the entryway to the ballroom.  A Senator representing a Parisian district, Levant was a guest at the event and was dressed accordingly.  Could it also be possible that he was somehow involved in the rogue Germans’ plot?  Patrick could not see how such a thing could be possible, but the very existence of the plot was preposterous in and of itself.  He could not afford to rule anyone out as a potential suspect.  
Patrick stared at the senator for a long moment.  “I'm following up on a lead.  Rousseau thought I would fit in here better than LePage.” 
“I'm not so certain of that,” Levant said with a slight smile.  “Almost everyone in this room believes you're an embezzler and a member of an occult order.”
Without taking his eyes off Levant's, Patrick drew one of the Deutschmarks from his pocket and flipped it in Levant's direction. 
Levant grabbed the coin out of the air and glanced at it, then up at Patrick.  Patrick saw that Levant was genuinely puzzled. 
“What is this?” Levant asked. 
“Don't worry about it,” Patrick answered, stepping aside to allow a trio of waiters carrying trays of champagne to pass into the room.  Inside the ballroom, more waiters were serving champagne to the guests in anticipation of an imminent toast.  Patrick watched the waiters move about the tables, and an idea came to him.  As the waiters' captain passed by, a circular tray tucked beneath one arm, Patrick stopped him.
“I wonder if you would be good enough to assist me,” he said.  The captain looked over Patrick's rumpled, informal clothes and glanced at Levant for an indication of how to respond. 
Levant nodded to reassure the man.  “This is Deputy Dupuy,” he told the captain. “He was delayed in arriving from outside the city.”
The captain seemed to accept this explanation for Patrick's appearance and turned back to face him.  “I'd like to play a little joke on one of my colleagues,” he said.  From one pocket, he withdrew a crumpled wad of francs, which he handed to the captain.  Patrick had no idea how much money he was offering, nor did he care.  The captain glanced once at the handful of bills, smiled, and tucked them inside his waistcoat. 
“How can I be of help?” the captain asked with a smile. 
From his other pocket, Patrick drew another of the Deutschmarks, and held it in front of the captain's eyes. 
“Could you possibly bring us a glass of absinthe?”



On Patrick's instructions, the captain retrieved a glass of absinthe from the bar and carried it out into the ballroom on his tray.  The liquor, bright green in color, was visible in its short-stemmed, faceted Pontarlier glass from across the length of the hall as the captain proceeded to the front of the room.  On the lip of the glass, Patrick had set the Deutschmark, as if it were capping the glass and sealing its contents within. 
When Patrick had asked Levant if Countess Estampe was present in the ballroom, Levant had pointed her out, seated at one of tables nearest the mayor's at the front of the ballroom.  Sitting beside one of her bodyguards, she looked radiant beneath the chandelier light in an orange, off the shoulder gown and white gloves. 
“Begin at that table,” Patrick had instructed the captain.  “Then work your way back until someone accepts the absinthe.”
“That's all?” the captain had asked. 
“That's all,” Patrick had told him. 
The champagne had been served, and the mayor was on his feet, welcoming his guests and beginning the preamble to his toast.  The guests had all been served champagne, and so it would be unthinkable for any of them to take the glass of absinthe from the captain unless he or she had an alternate motive beyond drinking the twilight liqueur at this late hour in the evening.
Patrick and Levant remained on the edge of the ballroom, ignoring the mayor's droning on and watching with rapt attention as the glass of green liquid was held before the guests by the captain.
As the tray appeared in front of Countess Estampe, Patrick held his breath, willing her not to accept it.  The tray passed by both her and her escort without either taking as much as a second glance at it, and Patrick exhaled in relief.  Without so much as blinking away, Patrick watched as the tray passed by the faces of two members of the Order, M. Becker and M. Carsoux, both of whom were loyal to M. Filippi.  Neither responded to the Deutschmark.   
The toast was underway, and the guests raised their glasses of champagne while the mayor praised the city and its elected and industrial leadership.  Patrick grew concerned that even if the Germans' contact saw the Deutschmark, he would be unable to retrieve it without drawing undo attention to himself.
The captain, having passed the absinthe in front of everyone seated at Countess Estampe's table, moved to the next table, passing the tray within each of the guests' line of sight.  Levant glanced at Patrick, trying to determine the meaning of the ploy.  Patrick’s attention was focused on Senator Barbier, however, who was looking curiously at the glass of absinthe as it slowly passed by his table.  Patrick’s breath caught in his chest as Barbier seemed to examine the Deutschmark balanced atop the glass, but in an instant, Barbier’s eyes turned back to the mayor, and the captain continued down the length of the table. 
Patrick glanced at Filippi, who was seated with his back to the entryway and had not yet noticed his presence.  Fearing that the business with the absinthe glass would take too long to unfold, Patrick considered approaching Filippi and flashing the Deutschmark in the same manner as he had when Levant had approached him.  
Patrick considered the flaws in such a confrontational approach.  It was possible that even if he recognized the signal, Filippi would be reluctant to acknowledge it for fear of making a scene.  Patrick watched the back of the man’s head and tried to see inside it, looking for signs of his motivation.  He was certainly hawkish and had proven himself underhanded and self-interested.  The Order was a sacrosanct institution invented to oversee the common good, and Filippi had turned it into his own political tool.  Was the man capable of bombing his fellow French citizens for what he believed to be the long-term interests of the nation?  
“What does this mean?” Levant asked.
Patrick looked up, followed Levant’s gaze, and felt his heart jump inside him like a startled horse.  Across the ballroom, the captain had stopped in his slow advance among the tables, and he was now standing in front of a specific guest.
The captain's back was turned toward Patrick and Levant, and his body was shielding the guest from their view.  Craning his neck, Patrick could only see the guest's raised finger, which he had used to signal the captain to stop in front of him. 
In an agonizingly slow manner, the captain held the tray out toward the guest, and Patrick saw the man's hand lower to retrieve the absinthe glass from the tray.  Involuntarily, Patrick took two steps into the room, staring at the captain's back and willing him to move aside.
After a moment's pause, the captain stood stiffly, tucked his tray beneath his arm, and stepped away from the table.  In the space left by his absence, Patrick had a clear view of the face of Gerard Modot. 



“I don’t understand,” Levant said, as Patrick rushed into the ballroom.  The guests were focused on the mayor's toast, and so no one took any notice of Patrick. 
At the front of the room, Modot was rising from his chair.  Murmuring something to the man seated nearest him, he clapped the man on the back jovially and took his leave.  Patrick watched him closely as he withdrew from the center of the room, passing between two columns toward a doorway cut into the mirrored wall.
Turning, Patrick rushed past Levant, through the ballroom's main entryway, and into the richly appointed hallway outside.  Rushing down the hall's length, he turned a corner, and saw Modot proceeding away from him, toward a door letting out onto a marble courtyard. 
At the sound of Patrick's harried approach, Modot turned to face him.  He was holding the glass of absinthe in one hand and tossing the Deutschmark in his other.
“Deputy Dupuy,” he said as Patrick approached him.  “To what do I owe this -” 
He did not finish his greeting, however, as Patrick interrupted him, grabbed him by the lapels, and shoved him against the nearest wall.  The glass of absinthe fell to the floor and shattered, spraying green liquid across the marble tiles and the toes of both Patrick's and Modot's shoes. 
“Why?” Patrick demanded. 
“Am I correct to assume that your presence here indicates that the Exposition is still underway?” Modot asked. 
“The bomb was disabled,” Patrick told him. “And you're going to the Conciergerie to answer some questions.”
“That is a pity,” Modot said, appearing visibly disappointed.  “So much work and planning wasted.”
“How can you say that?” Patrick asked, unable to help himself.  “You're French.”
“Exactly,” Modot said.  “War is coming, Deputy.  France and Germany cannot coexist, not after the indignities we suffered in the last conflict.  The same conflicts still exist under the surface, whether the short-sighted fools in that room want to acknowledge them or not.” 
“And you think killing French citizens is the best way to incite anther war.”
“Not another war, Deputy,” Modot responded. “The ultimate war.  One that will restore the balance of power in Europe and launch France into a new century of prosperity.  But we will have no hope of winning if we wait for the Germans to invade Paris.”
Patrick could hardly believe that the man was suggesting war profiteering as a basis for stimulating the nation’s economy.  “I am acquainted with the majority shareholder in the country’s largest arms manufacturer, Monsieur, and she would rather dismantle the firm than profit off another war.”
“When the time comes, Mademoiselle Deschamps will do what her most trusted advisor suggest she do,” Modot said.  Patrick stared at the man, taken aback. 
“After all,” Modot continued.  “I am the single largest silent shareholder in the company.”    
“You’re coming with me,” Patrick said, uncertain how else to respond.  
“I don't think so,” Modot said.  “I am a leading member of the city's establishment and an invited guest at this event.  You are a disgraced official whom most of the clods in that room believe to be a satanic cult member.  I don't think they'll believe your version of events over mine.” 
“We'll see about that,” Patrick said, glancing around for a gendarme.  
“Help!” Modot suddenly exclaimed, startling Patrick.  Before he could remove his hands from Modot's jacket to stop him, Modot reached inside Patrick's coat and drew his father's Colt.
Patrick released Modot and tried to force the pistol away from him, but Modot was not trying to aim the weapon at Patrick.  Pointing it at courtyard outside, he fired once, and the shot burst through the glass set in the exterior door. 
Modot tossed the revolver to the floor, where it clattered among the shards of glass.  Patrick stared at him, dumbfounded. 
“You'd best start running, now,” Modot told him, his voice perfectly calm as he turned toward the door opening onto the courtyard.  
Patrick took a single, desperate step toward Modot in an attempt to prevent the man’s escape, but before he could lay a hand on the man, three gendarmes burst into the hallway, revolvers in hand.  They were on Patrick faster than he could have envisioned, restraining him roughly and pinning him against the wall.  As they searched him for weapons, Patrick shouted in vain that they were accosting the wrong man as he watched, with horror, the man who had funded and coordinated bombings throughout the city pass through the doorway and into the freedom of the exterior courtyard.  
Just before the door closed behind him, however, Patrick watched in disbelief as Levant stepped swiftly in front of Modot, extended his leg in front of the treacherous man’s path, and lower his shoulder into him in one awkward, but effective, motion.  With his attention on the clamor behind him, Modot never saw Levant’s approach and, caught off-guard, he tumbled to the forward and fell splayed across the courtyard’s stones.  
“Officers,” Levant called, standing over Modot.  “My name Levant, and I am a member of the French Senate.  While you’re rounding up detainees, perhaps you would like to put your shackles on the man who just fired a revolver inside the Hôtel de Ville.”
Patrick sighed with relief as one of his captors moved to follow Levant’s instructions and submitted to the other gendarmes’ restraints.      



Patrick had not visited Pere Lachaise since his father's funeral.  Standing in front of the headstone, he reflected on all that had happened since that day, acutely aware that to the inhabitants of the graves before him, nothing had changed.  In this place, time was frozen, and the actions of the living had no impact.
On this late summer day, some flowers were still in bloom, although Patrick knew they would not last much longer.  Stepping gingerly around the grave of a man he didn't know, Patrick tore a blossom off the branch of a nearby tree.  The flower was yellow in color, its petals delicate and translucent.  He lacked the botanical knowledge to know its name.
“What do they call these?” he asked Rousseau, who was standing a respectful distance behind him. 
“I don't know,” Rousseau answered as Patrick set the blossom on his father's headstone. 
“How is LePage?” he asked. 
“He's holding on,” Rousseau told him.  “He survived the loss of blood, but the doctor says he has to fend off the infection before he his odds of recovery will improve.” 
“Any developments in Modot’s interrogation?”
“He’s been quite resilient.  But we know he is not alone.  There are others working in concert with him, here in France and abroad.”
“How can more than one deranged man be involved in these conspiracies to ignite war?” Patrick asked.
“He is not deranged,” Rousseau responded.  “He believes that another war would be a blessing to France rather than a tragedy.  And he is not alone.”  
 Patrick shook his head, still struggling to comprehend the man’s thinking.  “So,” he said, turning to face Rousseau.  “What now?”
Rousseau glanced up at the fading light.  “The summer is nearly over,” he said.  “I don’t think I'm speaking prematurely when I say that when the fall arrives you will almost certainly be voted out of office.”
Patrick nodded, resisting the urge to look back at his father's grave.  His father had held that seat in the Chamber for more than a decade.  The position had been a great source of pride for him, and Patrick had held it for less than six months.
“You were a valuable asset to us on this operation,” Rousseau continued.  “Remarkably so, given your lack of training and experience.”  Rousseau took a step toward Patrick.  “I had to tell the police a long and detailed story about your status as an undercover intelligence operative to obtain your release from custody.  Why not join us and make the story I told them true?  Your training could begin tonight.”
Patrick stared back at him.  He did not see many options available to him.  His career in public service was over, and he could not go back to his old life of idleness.  He had seen too much.
Before he disappeared off to what he envisioned as a high security military base somewhere in the remote countryside, however, he had one loose end to tie up. 
Upon his release from jail, he had gone to Veronique's family's house to see her, but the house had been empty.  Sofia did not answer his ring or knock, and staring up at the house, he had seen that no lights were lit in the large window in Veronique's father's study.
“Do you know where Mademoiselle Deschamps has gone?” Patrick asked Rousseau.
Rousseau shook his head. “I sent Chenal to retrieve her, but she has not been seen at her home or her company’s offices.”
Patrick made note of the curious tone in Rousseau’s voice, and he realized, somehow, that Rousseau likely had Chenal scouring the country for Veronique.  If she had evaded the Directorate’s men for days, she must have travelled far, and Patrick feared that he had scared her with his warning.  It was also possible, however, that his other actions that afternoon in her study had spooked her, but he could not imagine her fleeing the city because of his clumsy advances.  
“Very well,” Patrick said.  “I'll wire her when I'm settled and you’ve located her.”
“That's not likely,” Rousseau told him in a deliberate tone.  
Patrick glanced at Rousseau. Something in the man’s inflection gave Patrick the sudden impression that he would never see Veronique again.  He eyed Rousseau closely, trying to see the hint of something in the man’s gray eyes that Patrick did not know.  
“You'll be sequestered for several weeks without any contact with the outside world,” Rousseau said.  This explanation did not relieve Patrick of the sensation that Veronique was lost to him, however.  
As he considered the possibility, Rousseau mistook his hesitation as concern.  “I'll be keeping a watch on her,” he told Patrick.  “You don’t need to worry.” 
There was finality in Rousseau's voice that suggested that further inquiries into the subject would be futile.  Without any way to impeach them, Patrick chose to accept Rousseau’s words.  He glanced up at the warm glow of the sun setting at the edges of the cemetery, beyond which lay the center of Paris.  When he turned back to Rousseau, he nodded.   
Rousseau returned the gesture and drew Patrick's father's Colt from within his jacket.  “The police sent it over with the rest of the things they took off of you when you were arrested.”
Patrick looked at the antique gun, and then shook his head.  “Keep it,” he said. “I assume they'll give me my own when I arrive wherever I'm going.”



LePage awoke to find himself in a small bed staring at a high ceiling.  Shifting his weight, he felt the muscles in his back and legs protest, and he understood that the bed he was lying in was not a particularly comfortable one.
“Nurse,” he heard a voice from above and beside him.  “He’s awakened.”  
LePage did not need to roll over to identify the speaker, but when he did, he saw his wife Madeline staring down at him with concern.  His head ached, and when he put his hand to his brow, he felt it wet with sweat.
“Your fever only recently broke,” Madeline told him, arranging the sweat-dampened, white hospital sheets around him.  
“How long -” LePage began, but his voice broke in his tight and dry throat.
“You’ve been asleep the better part of the day,” she told him, pouring him a glass of water from a ceramic pitcher on the bedside table.
Had she been sitting vigil beside his bed since he was shot? She had entered into their political marriage with open eyes and with a full awareness that they were partners in a joint endeavor.  He recognized that her presence at his bedside was part of preserving the outward appearance of their marriage, but he was nonetheless touched to see her concerned face looking down at him after surviving his ordeal.
“How long since she shot me?” he asked.
Madeline glanced over her shoulder before handing him an envelope she retrieved from the top drawer of the bedside table. 
“I think you are mistaken about that,” she said to him in an unconvincing facsimile of a conversational tone.  “Probably something you dreamed in the throes of your fever.”
LePage took the envelope, which he was relieved to find was neither pearl-hued nor lilac-scented, and tore it open.  From within, he drew a note scrawled in Rousseau’s tight, anxious hand.  It read:

Gerard Modot.  You were shot by a rogue German agent.

LePage lay heavily back against his pillow.  If Gerard Modot was behind the German and anarchist attacks in Paris, his relationship with the Deschamps girl made her more important than ever.  He assumed she had fled after attempting to kill him, but he doubted she could elude Rousseau for very long.  Wherever she might be, he instantly saw the importance of covering up her involvement in the shooting.  She was far too valuable to them to risk sending her into hiding by involving her in a shooting investigation.
“Of course, you’re right,” LePage said.  If a wealthy Parisian like Gerard Modot had been funding anarchist attacks, the plot was almost certainly larger than they had imagined.  When Modot provided them with information about his co-conspirators, the Directorate would have to act fast to capture them.  “When can I leave?” he asked his wife.  
“That’s up to the doctor,” she replied.  
“Well, you’d better summon him,” LePage said.  
“Just relax,” Madeline said, taking Rousseau’s note from him.  Turning to the bedside table, she lowered the note into the water pitcher.  Taking the pitcher by the handle, she swirled its contents, and LePage, who had executed the very same maneuver countless times before, knew the ink on the note would be running and the paper breaking up as the water saturated the them.  “You’re not alone.”
LePage fell back against his pillow, allowing himself to relax slightly.  Looking up at his impressively discreet wife with newfound appreciation, he thought to himself that spending some time recuperating in her presence could be beneficial to him indeed.



ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Timothy Everhart was born in Massachusetts and attended the University of Pennsylvania, where he studied both English and History.  He is the author of the LePage/Dupuy series, including THE ABSINTHE CLOUD and THE VODKA WINTER, currently available for Kindle, iPad, Kobo, and other eBook devices.

Connect with the author on-line at:

Twitter:  http://twitter.com/timkeverhart

Facebook:  http://www.facebook.com/pages/Timothy-Everhart/366957906711479

Tumblr.:  timothyeverhart.tumblr.com

SAMPLE CHAPTER:  THE VODKA WINTER

Robert LePage's and Patrick Dupuy's stories continue in the second book in the series: THE VODKA WINTER, currently available for Kindle, iPad, Kobo, and other eBook devices.


The Vodka Winter

by

Timothy Everhart


CHAPTER ONE

Courtain, France – May, 1901


Modot sat waiting, as he did each afternoon, for the young army officer who would escort him to the walled garden above.  With military punctuality, one of an assortment of seven interchangeable young officers arrived at his cell’s iron-barred oak door ninety minutes after the remnants of his afternoon meal were collected each day.  Modot had no clock, nor did he have access to a window through which to view the day’s light, but his mind had become its own timepiece, ticking the seconds and minutes of the day away with patient precision.  
His afternoon schedule had not been modified since his arrival in the country cellar.  He was uncertain how many days had passed since he was transported here from the Conciergerie in the heart of Paris.  He had been too impatient upon first arriving, but based on the memories he retained since his mind had adjusted to his new state of being, he estimated that he had been living in the cell for between nine and eleven months.
The cell provided few amenities, but it was adequate for his newfound occupation of passing the minutes from waking to mealtimes, and from mealtimes to his afternoon visits to the garden.  The chamber included a thin feather mattress, a cheaply upholstered chair, a small table, and a shelf, upon which were arrayed a set of dusty classical volumes including works by Heraclitus, Socrates, and Archimedes.  The walls were of cold, damp stone, with no cracks in the mortar permitting light to enter.  
His afternoon visit to the garden was the even upon which his days, and nearly his very existence, revolved around.  At the appointed time, the latch would clang and the heavy door would squeal as one of the young officers opened it to admit him out into the long, dark passageway that ended at the base of fourteen wooden steps at its far end.  At the summit of the steps was another heavy door, this one unlocked but barred from the inside.  Through the doorway were the bright light of the sun and the welcome scent of the overgrown garden, which was spacious, if poorly tended.  The garden was ringed by a stone wall, approximately three meters in height.  The only structure tall enough to be visible beyond the wall was the steeple of a stone church.  Since the only doorway through the wall, other than the one through which Modot entered the garden, was on the same side of the wall nearest the steeple, Modot had concluded that the garden was a church cloister in some stage of disuse.  
While Modot had never heard the church’s bell toll, he had, over the course of his visits to the garden, heard other things.  On more than one occasion, he heard the sound of pistol fire, and once, he heard a loud booming explosion.  The sources of these sounds were unknown to him, and no other sounds had ever reached him that could provide a hint of his location.  As he was never admitted into the garden after sunset, he could not even use the position of the stars to determine his location.  
He had been transported to the cloisters in the back of a windowless carriage under the cover of darkness.  He had no idea where he was in relation to Paris, but he recognized with confidence that he was still in France.  The flowers he observed in the garden, the vegetables in the stew he subsisted on, and, most tellingly, the wine he was allotted twice each day were all recognizably from his native country.  From time to time, he was served Chinon, but the lion's share of the wine he was provided was bone dry, acidic sauvignon blanc that he recognized as having originated somewhere near the Loire Valley.
The clang of the door’s lock being turned brought his thoughts back to the present and today's imminent visit to the cloistered garden.  He rose as the door creaked open on its worn and rusted hinges, but he froze in place, half standing and half crouching, when the door opened to reveal not a French army officer, but a familiar and beautiful young woman standing in the doorway.
“Mademoiselle Deschamps?” he spoke without thinking.  
He had not seen her since the afternoon he had called on her in her family’s house in Le Marais the previous August.  In what had been a futile attempt to disrupt the Intelligence Directorate’s efforts to prevent the bombing of the Exposition Universalle, he had told Mademoiselle Deschamps the truth about the agent Robert LePage's involvement in her parents’ assassinations.  He had known she was working with the Directorate’s newest recruit, Deputy Dupuy’s callow son, and he had hoped that the knowledge of the identity of her parents’ killer would trigger a confrontation that would disrupt the agents’ operation.  He had also known her to be a passionate young woman, and if she decided to take drastic measures to avenge her parents, all the better for him.  He knew that by lighting the fuse of her grief, he might be sending her into harm’s way, but as a silent majority shareholder in her family’s arms manufacturing concern, he had no longer needed her.  While she had provided him with an unwitting and malleable front for guiding the company’s pre-war operations, having her out of the way might have simplified matters.  
In the end, however, the bombing had been foiled, and M. Dupuy had somehow identified Modot’s part in coordinating it.  Modot had been captured and imprisoned in his current location, and the plans he had developed with his like-minded counterparts in Germany and elsewhere were left to unfold without his involvement.  He knew his exile would soon be coming to an end, but he cursed the loss of so much time.
“M. Modot,” she said quietly.  “Are you well?”
Modot was taken aback by her wary tone and concerned eyes until he realized that he most likely looked a fright as a result of his imprisonment.  
“I am as healthy as ever,” he responded, affecting the buoyant, grandfatherly tone he always employed when filling her head with what he wanted her to believe. 
Mademoiselle Deschamps turned toward the open doorway behind her.  In the hallway beyond, he knew, there stood an army officer listening to their every word.  To his surprise, after she took three steps into his cell, the wooden door swung closed with a heavy thud.  
“How, may I ask -" he began, but she cut him off immediately, glancing over her shoulder as she spoke.  
“We have very little time, Monsieur,” she said, her voice low and her demeanor changed entirely from tentative to focused.  “I don’t know how much you know about what has transpired since you were imprisoned here.”
“I know nothing,” he told her, although the extent of his knowledge was greater than he was prepared to admit.  
“I have monitored events from abroad since the day we last spoke,” she intoned.  “I know you were not even granted a trial before being shut away here.”
“In truth,” he lied.  “I have no idea why I am being held.”
She nodded as if this falsehood was self-evidently true.   
“Why have you been abroad?” he asked, trying to determine the extent of her knowledge.
She hesitated for the first time since the door had shut behind her.  “I shot an intelligence operative,” she said in a tone that left no doubt as to which particular operative she meant.  “He survived his wound, but I still did not feel it safe to return to Paris.”
Modot bit back a smile.  The young woman was more hotheaded than he had originally estimated.  If only she had developed better aim, he might not be in his present circumstances.
 “I must leave you now,” she said, her eyes darting toward the door for part of a second.  “The wall in the garden can be scaled – the stones will provide you with a foothold.  Once beyond, follow the river north until you reach the road to Montrollet.”
She reached out and clasped his hands in hers, but instead of feeling the soft flesh of her hand, he felt cold metal being pressed into his palm.
He froze in place, staring into her dark eyes.  The word had already reached him that he would soon be freed from his prison, but he had never imagined that the mechanism for his escape would be delivered in the form of the naïve young Mademoiselle Deschamps.  
Without another word, she released her grip on him and went to the door.  She tapped it lightly to signal that she was prepared to exit, and it groaned open instantly.  Seconds later, the door had slammed closed once more, and Modot was left standing in the center of his cell with an iron skeleton key in the palm of his hand.   



London – September, 1904


Patrick stood at the marble railing on the second floor overlooking the intricately tiled floor of the palatial Bright Club’s central saloon feeling out of place within the central headquarters of the stiff, British upper class.  Just the journey from his rooms at the Charing Cross Hotel on Trafalgar Square to Pall Mall had felt as if he slipped behind the curtain of London's fountains and public squares and gained access to the cloistered chambers of the city's elite ruling class.  Examining the portraits of the long-deceased lords who had once been members of this, England’s most exclusive gentleman’s club, he wondered how long it would take to acclimate himself to this environment.  
 A servant in formal dress appeared noiselessly at his side to escort him into the club’s renowned library.  Passing through a pair of glossy mahogany doors, Patrick entered the library, the walls of which were lined with ornate, gilded columns and floor to ceiling shelves housing the club’s collection of antique books.  The carpet was a deep, rich shade of Bordeaux red, and three gilded chandeliers and an array of electric lamps set out on marble tabletops along the near wall provided soft, warm illumination throughout the chamber.  At the far end of the room, a group of nine men in identical, black frock coats stood in an evenly spaced line.  The men had all turned at the sound of the library door’s opening, and Patrick was now the subject of each of their appraising and expectant gazes.  
Taking a fortifying breath of leather and parchment-scented air, Patrick walked the length of the library to meet nine of the most powerful men in Britain. 
“Gentlemen,” one of the men said in English as Patrick approached.  “May I present Monsieur Patrick Dupuy of the French Intelligence Directorate?”  
The other eight men stood impassively, making no acknowledgement of the introduction.  The speaker was the only man present with whom Patrick was familiar, and he was the one gentleman whose presence unnerved Patrick most.  Lord Chatham was a Rear Admiral in His Majesty’s Royal Navy, although as was customary within the Bright Club, he was wearing formal civilian dress in place of his naval regalia.  
From within the inner pocket of his coat, Patrick produced a plain paper envelope and handed it to the Admiral, who passed it on to his nearest neighbor without examining it.  As the second lord, a man of five and fifty with close-cropped black hair, opened the envelope, the sixth sign of the Zodiac, the Virgin, printed on the sealed flap, was visible to everyone.  Removing the folded paper from within, the second lord read its message, and then looked up at Patrick.  
“Senator Levant speaks highly of you,” the lord said.  “Why are you no longer a member of your country’s Order of Twelve?”
“My activities for the Intelligence Directorate made my position within the Order untenable,” Patrick replied in a significant understatement.  As a result of his work with the Directorate three summers prior, he was falsely disgraced in the press and forced to abandon the Order, a secret society of France’s most powerful men. 
“My relationship with the Order remains more cordial than some other members of the Directorate’s,” he continued, fumbling for the English word for cordial.  As a young man, he was compelled to study English after his father was appointed to a diplomatic post that took him to America, but he had rarely had occasion to use the language prior to the previous spring, and he still struggled.  
A brief silence fell over the group.  None of the Englishmen spoke, and each stared at Patrick with naked skepticism.  The Entente Cordiale, the treaty that formally ended their respective nations' historically adversarial relationship, had been signed merely five months prior, and France and England's newfound partnership remained awkward on both sides of the Channel.  
Patrick’s duty to report to the Bright Club Nine, England’s informal counterpart to the French Order of Twelve, was intended as a good faith effort to ratify the two nations' partnership, but Patrick knew very well the true purpose of this and subsequent visits to this stodgy club.  If he was to be permitted to conduct intelligence gathering operations in Britain like the one he had been engaged in throughout the summer, he and the Directorate would be required to share his findings with the British Crown through these backdoor channels.   
“As you gentlemen are aware,” Patrick began.  “We uncovered a large-scale operation intended to send France to war with the Germans in 1900.  With the treaty between our nations binding us to support England in any future conflicts, we are monitoring intelligence indicative of a similar plot, here, that would plunge both Britain and her allies into conflict.  We are in control of a well-placed asset in London, and I will personally advise you of any intelligence we uncover through his contacts.”  Patrick's English was far better when he was utilizing the formal vocabulary of intelligence activity than when he attempted to engage in small talk.  
"Your assistance is appreciated," the first lord said.  "Given events in the East, we have also come to the conclusion that the Germans are a threat to peace in Europe."  The lord was referring to Germany's support for the Russians in their ongoing conflict with the Japanese, which the Directorate understood to be significant.  
“Are we to understand that you will be stationed in London indefinitely?” asked a third lord with heavily oiled gray hair and a moustache. 
Patrick glanced at Lord Chatham, who did not acknowledge his gaze.  “I am dividing my time between London and Surrey,” Patrick said.  “For the present.”



Late that evening, Patrick entered the Cittie of Yorke pub and surveyed the students gathered around the wood-paneled front bar.  At this late hour, the barristers and petitioners from the nearby Royal Court of Justice had abandoned the pub to their younger counterparts from the University of London.  The young men were deeply concerned with their own boisterous pronouncements and pints of ale, and not a single patron looked up at Patrick's entrance.  
Patrick did not pause long enough to drawn any unwanted attention.  Just as he had on previous visits, he proceeded directly to the back of the pub, which opened onto a second bar, this one even more sparsely populated.  The rear bar was one of the most quintessentially English spaces Patrick had ever entered, with its arched vault ceiling of exposed wooden beams and its polished oak casks elevated above the bar.  Without pausing to survey the faces of the other patrons, Patrick proceeded directly to the polished bar and ordered two pints of Bass ale.  
The bar had provided him with a handy rendezvous point over recent weeks.  It was two kilometers from his hotel, making it accessibly close but sufficiently removed from his base of operations to permit him discretion, and it was quiet enough, in the rear bar, to give him the privacy he needed to conduct these meetings.  
Patrick did not watch the barman pour the pints.  He was making a show of staring up at the lamps hung from the timber beams overhead while utilizing his peripheral vision to scan the row of wood-paneled cubicles that lined the wall opposite the bar.  Without turning, he identified the cubicle he sought and set his shilling piece on the bar before the barman set the glasses down in front of him.
Taking the room temperature glasses in his hands, he turned and went to the cubicle, in which two benches were built, and which were separated by a table stained with brown moisture rings.  Without a word, he took the open bench seat as if he had been sitting there for hours and slid one of the pints across the table toward the man occupying the opposite seat.  
"You're late," Gerard Modot said in tightly whispered French as he picked up the pint glass.  
"Cheers," Patrick said, raising his own glass in an attempt to lighten the tone of the exchange.  Modot had become increasingly agitated over the course of their recent meetings.  
Modot did not respond to his gesture, however.  Ignoring Patrick, he raised his glass and emptied half of it in one long swallow.  Patrick frowned and, as was his habit, took a miniscule sip of the bitter, unpleasant ale in his own glass before setting it aside on the table.  Grimacing as the acrid liquid slid down his throat and left its aftertaste in his sinuses, he said, "I don't know how you can drink that."
"When in Rome," Modot replied, taking another long gulp of ale.  
"Indeed," Patrick said in English.  
"Anyway," Modot said in French, pointedly ignoring Patrick's cue.  "This is all I can afford these days."
"You receive a stipend for your work," Patrick said, impatient to get past the preliminary matter of Modot's dissatisfaction.
"It's hardly sufficient to keep me fed," Modot responded.  "I live in squalor in this miserably cold, wet city.  I, who own the largest shipping concern in Paris and control the second largest stake in Deschamps and Company. "
Patrick sighed.  While Modot's words were technically true, in reality his shares in both corporations had been seized by the French government after Modot was identified as the financier behind a series of bombings in Paris intended to incite a war between France and Germany.  In the case of Deschamps and Company, the French government now effectively controlled the company, France's largest arms manufacturing concern.  Its majority shareholder was Veronique Deschamps, but after her disappearance from Paris in 1900, the Directorate had quietly arranged to place her shares in the company in trust under their control so as to prevent the company, and with it France's military readiness, from falling into the hands of private speculators.  
After puzzling over the reason for her sudden vanishing for months, Patrick had become pre-occupied with more immediate concerns and his thoughts focused on Veronique with less frequency.  Lately, however, she had often been on his mind.  Rousseau had assured Patrick that she was alive, and it was believed within the directorate that she had fled to North America, most likely to Québec.  What she could possibly have been doing there for four years remained a mystery to Patrick, however.  
"The terms of your release stipulated that you be granted your freedom, not your fortune," Patrick said in a forcibly patient tone.  Patrick himself had re-captured Modot where he had been hiding near Canterbury mere weeks after Modot's escape in 1901.  It had been one of Patrick's first assignments upon completing his training in Courtain, but it had given him little cause for pride.  The Directorate had already located Modot, and Patrick had merely confronted the man and presented the Directorate's terms.  Modot would be returned to his prior state of incarceration, or he would reach out to his prior contacts in Germany to draw them out.  
"What good is my freedom if I'm not alive to enjoy it?" Modot asked.  He was hunched over the table now, with his fingertips pressed to his temples.  Patrick took note of the man's ragged and disheveled appearance.  It appeared that more was troubling him than his disaffection with being an intelligence asset.  
"M. Modot," he said.  "You're not indulging in paranoia are you?"
"I am not paranoid," the man shot back, looking up at Patrick with bloodshot, panicked eyes.  
"What's happened?" Patrick asked, fully engaged with Modot for the first time.
"No one is responding to my inquiries," Modot said.  "After I relayed the locations of my caches of materials, I received no additional communications."
Shortly after Modot's re-capture, he had received clandestine inquiries from his contacts with the rogue German organization about the then-current location and status of the bombing materials Modot had amassed while he oversaw the anarchist efforts to attack the 1900 Exposition Universalle in Paris.  The anarchists had been mere pawns in the larger scheme to strike at France and provoke a counter-attack against Germany or one of her allies.  After the Directorate foiled the plot and Modot had been taken into custody, his surplus explosives and accouterment remained stored in warehouses and barns around Paris, and the Germans had sought to locate the materials, most likely for the purposes of deploying them in another bombing.   The Directorate staked out the locations after Modot had responded to the inquiries, but the rogue Germans never appeared to collect them.  The French Army had since destroyed the explosive materials.  
"I've been frozen out," Modot continued.  As he spoke, he seemed to grimace, and Patrick observed a sheen of glossy sweat across the man's brow.  
"I told you we were moving too aggressively."  Modot tried to glare at Patrick, but his gaze swam, and he looked as if he were suffering dizziness.
"Monsieur," Patrick said, suddenly feeling alarmed himself.  "Are you ill?"
"This is what this assignment has wrought," Modot said, placing a hand on his chest.  "I think I'm being followed."
"And you're only now telling me this," Patrick said, glancing around.  
Modot moved to say something, but no words came out of his opened mouth.  Seemingly wanting to communicate something to Patrick, he stood and began to gesticulate.  Patrick looked at the man's parchment-hued pallor and sweat-soaked hair and knew what was happening.  
He looked down at the table and took note of Modot's mostly empty glass and his own nearly untouched pint.  Looking over at the bar, he saw a row of patrons waiting for service but no barman was present.  
His gaze snapped back to Modot as the man fell forward, crashing onto the table.  As his chest collided with the tabletop, the impact upset Patrick's glass, and it spilled its contents.  Modot's own glass rolled to the edge of the table and smashed to the floor, shattering into shards.  
The sound drew the attention of the nearest patrons, who were now staring into Patrick and Modot's cubicle with alarm.  Feeling Modot's sweat-slick neck, Patrick could discern no pulse in the man.  Conscious of the eyes of the young men present at the bar, he jumped to his feet.  His first thought was to escape through the pub's rear entrance, but his training overruled the idea.  At a disadvantage, Patrick knew he was safer in a crowd than alone in a darkened back alley. 
"Help, please," Patrick said in a panicked voice that was only partially affected.  "This gentleman has a heart condition.  I must find a doctor."
Without waiting for a response, Patrick started in a rush toward the front of the pub.  As he left the rear bar alone, he was aware of the young men moving in to surround Modot's body.  Moving through the more densely populated front bar, Patrick saw that word of the commotion had not yet spread throughout the pub.  Knowing his every move, if ill conceived, could result in his own death, Patrick moved swiftly but not hurriedly, to the pub's front entrance.


