My Greek Project
By C.B.Collin
Copyright © 2012 by C.B.Colin
Smashwords Edition License Notes
”Every normal person, in fact, is only normal on the average. His ego approximates to that of the psychotic in some part or other and to a greater or lesser extent”-Sigmund Freud-
At the beginning
My first book and still…I want to thank persons, even if they are less, which supports me every day with a good word, with a warm smile, with a brilliant advice. I want to thank Alexandra, my cousin and my soul sister for being behind my back; I want to thank my aunts, Valentina and Olimpia, because every time they encouraged me to stay strong. I want to thank my cousin GVR for telling me so many tips, and supporting me every time, my cousin Gabriela for being sweet and helpful. And of course I want to thank my soul brother from Greece, Nikos, because without him this book wouldn’t be The Greek Project. And the last thing I want to thank the Universe for energizing me every time.
Chapter I 
where I will be? 
Damian E. Jones
Like usual my luggage were sitting quietly, in my dusty room corner.
The irony of life makes me, that type of human who hates to step foot on another land beside London, forced to leave my native land, somewhere on an Mediterranean island, where the famous antic guy tried his luck in to flying but he felt in the saline sea. What can I say that guy wanted to became a bird just like his dad but he was not tan enough so he approached the sun and his waxwings became candles. Funny, isn’t it?
Is not funny at all when I knew that my school project was supposing to leave England. Moreover, here I was, me Damian Jones by the name, trying to calm down my frenzied mind who hounded me with the darkest possible thoughts, with my intention to leave my country. And like so, I was seating and waiting in every minute that my room door will open and my mother will dash in, with a sweet and false smile on her face, saying: “Finally you will get the hell out of here.”
Cute. However, how I promised myself, I will pretend happy. What can I say world, I love my college and this project can rise me in the future. Poor of me, how can I fool myself. And how I’d expected, my isolated room opened and my mother came fast to me, in tears and with a voice, who rather terrified you then joys you, saying:
“I can not believe Damian that you will go out of London! Are you sure that you want to do this? I can call Mr. Bines and…”
“That is enough mother! I will not go to visit Santa Claus in North Pole. If I will give up on my project, I can say bye to my future. Calm yourself, everything will be fine. Now, please help me with the luggage.”
That please word, I said it with half-heartedly, I really do not wanted to beg someone to send me far away from what I knew the best, meaning home. My mother did not say a word or to say something else, she just shacked her head and then she took my trolley in the same time when I put my rucksack on my back. She ran off my room so fast, like there was a hiding monster and I went reluctantly to the door, looking back a little disappointed. I sighed and locked my door because I didn’t want to return back home and to discover my room upside-down and investigated by my mom. I forgot to mention, I was orphan…
In the car, silence, none of us knew what to say, I for one do not wanted to talk about the wheatear or what will I do and neither did she wanted to pester me with typical parental phrases, something like: “ Take care of yourself, take care of yourself” and did I mentioned “ To take care of yourself?”
Arrived at the airport, I got off the car with an extraordinary speed, because I do not want to remain with my mother in the car. I opened the boot, I lifted my luggage and then I went with my mother to the airport entrance, egregious piece of folly. I got a fright, I was nervous about this all deal, I didn’t know how to react, and that is why I preferred to be quiet. I remarked my class along with Mr. Bins, who had a list in his hands. Psychology teacher, shorter and bald, with a sharp mind that man. He observed me and he smiled, the other classmates--10 in total number-- stood with their baggage very excited, waiting for a speech.
“Good, dearly beloved students, I do not wish to give you courage and I do not want to appall you, just try to make the best of it. In the brief, which I gave it to each and everyone of you, you will find details about your subject and do not forget that our college is in a partnership with another one from United States and each and every one of you, will have an American partner for your studying.”
At that speech, I raise my eyebrows. American partner? I don’t have noting against the English-American speakers, but me being from England I consider myself not able to get along with some American. Mr. Bins again smiled at the students, because they looked excited, me not.
“Well, my loves, good luck and have fun, now all aboard!”
The students were on the broad grin, instead of it, I made large eyes and concerned to my mother who, like all the rest of the mothers, she was lachrymose. I detest this thing from a parent. I went to her and we hugged.
“Oh my love, call me or write to me an e-mail when you will arrive. I love you, and take care of yourself.”
“Thank you mother, I will miss you.”
Bingo, the typical parental phrase came to light, and I smiled guilty that I was leaving my country.
Good, on the plain I took out my brief and studied more carefully, considering that in the moment I received it I though little of reading it more detailed. An all month in Greece, on Crete island, I knew that, how I told the story of Icarus. The plain will take me in Athens city, and from there I have to take a ship. I sighted again, thinking that I never traveled with a ship before. But Greece is an interesting country, why not…
I didn’t have the mood to study the brief, so I putted back in my backpack; I let myself back in the chair and closed my eyes.
Dark. Where was I? It was odd, I felt heat, was too hot. I woke up in a dark forest, with so much shadowy and very high trees that I almost saw nothing around me. I heard a weeping… I went to the source and I discovered my mother, standing down, crying in a kerchief. She cried with blood tears. I was scared and fell in my knees but I could not touch her just see and hear her:
“Why? My son. Why he had to die?”
I was terrified because of what I heard, so I ran from her in the woods and suddenly I went out from the forest as if I knew the way. I was on a cliff and deep down was the roaring sea, I felt something heavy on my back, were wings. A male voice crescendo, while a man approached me. I could not believe my own eyes, was my dead father.
“Are you ready son?” he said smiling.
“Ready for what?” I said terrified.
“For the flying, of course.”
Therefore, he pushed me from the cliff, while I was trying that smearing wings, which didn’t had feathers. I was flying, but I felt my wings getting smaller and I started to lower towards the sea…I saw it, was over. The image of roaring water came into my eyes…and…
I opened my eyes suddenly and I knew someone was standing beside me. A white and thin hand was on my shoulder, and when I looked up, above me was a thin woman with blond hair in a blue uniform.
“Sir, are you all right?” the stewardess asked me worried.
“Yes…yes…I just had a nightmare,” I said whispered.
“Can I get you a glass of water?”
“Yes, thank you.”
She left, and I realized that was just a dream. And what a dream! Not often, or not even at all, I have nightmares, but this one made me sweat like a pig and to have white face like a piece of writing paper. Odd. After couple of minutes, she returned with a glass of water and I drank it all without blinking, realizing how thirsty I was.
“When we will land in Athens?”
“In a half time” she answered me with a smile.
I smiled her back even if I didn’t had the feeling to do that, but I was literally horrified at the image of my mother crying with blood. God. Anyway, I started to calm down, putting my headphones in my ears and hit the play button from my mp3 player. At last, in this way I will take my mind off the dream. I really was asking myself what my mother was doing. Sure she was home trying to break down my door, very nosy about my room.
Finally, the plain started to low down, and driver, if I can call him in this way, announced in English and Greek that we will land. I put on my seatbelt and closed my eyes.
Therefore, I awaken in the airport, with my luggage in hands and with two colleagues of mine who had the project like me, in Greece.
“I wonder where we have to go?” said a colleague who stood beside me.
“Well you didn’t read you brief?” said my other colleague, with sharp voice. “We have to go to the seaport and from there to take the ship.”
“Where you guys going?” I asked, hoping that I will not wake up lonely on the island.
“Me in Mykonos” said my colleague with enthusiasm. “I waited so long for this project, is like a dream came true.”
“I am assigned in Rhodes, and I will leave right now,” he said highfaluting and he actually left us in the airport. I looked after him amazed how he took a cab and I was thinking to myself: “What a nitwit!”
My colleague, who stood next to me, probably had the same thought as me because she made a weary face and turned to me:
“Well, we will take the taxi to the seaport?”
“Yes, but most likely we will pay loads of euros.”
“And what you suggest? To stay here?”
“Of course not, come along.”
I got in with her in a yellow cab, and the driver came fast to open the boot to be able to put in our luggage.
“Kalimera”, he said and we just smiled.
In the car, I glanced the Greek city and indeed, I was amazed to discover tortuous streets, powerful sun and the famous pantheon. Many cars in traffic, and the driver started to swear in Greek, strongly honking.
“How do you think will be?” My colleague asked, with a slight scare in her voice, a fear that she installed in me.
“I have no idea, but I think will be ok.”
I did not wanted to be me the one who encourages her, because I had my own fears and honestly, who would hearten me in those moments?
In a foreign land, where the official language is Greek, I felt very weird to know me far away from my home, to not know no one just my redhead colleague who was eating her nails. What encouraging for me. The driver turned brusque the car to left, who exceeded the regulation speed, and I woke up on my colleague.
“Sorry.” I said to her a little embarrassed.
“Don’t worry, is not your fault,” she said stressful.
“Where are you from, my friends?” the driver asked us in hacked English.
“Grand Britain”, my colleague said.
“Nice country, very nice. Royal. Queen, much tea”.
I smiled and the image of the queen came into my mind, attending tea with Mr. driver.
Then I saw it, the sea. How blue could be, exactly how I expected to be, even if myself came from an island, a big one, to go on another one seemed ridiculous, but I smiled encouraged, as I saw the sea I had the feeling that everything will go well. The driver, eventually, stopped the car and we get off from it watched frowned the port and the huge ships, which looked like the Titanic. Even my redhead colleague had that thought in mind, as she said:
“If an iceberg will hit us, at least will be in the front of a newspaper.”
I laughed while we lifted our luggage and paid 20 euros from my side and 20 from her side. He wished us a good day, and moved along. A huge ship in red, on the top of it was a Greek prince painted, was landed --ironical speaking--and we went to the queue, where we presumed that from there we could buy tickets.
That red ship was for Crete and unfortunately, for my colleague, her ship will came in Athens barely at 8 o’clock in the evening.
“What should I do until then?” she said scared.
“My suggestion is that you will go somewhere to drink and stay, you just simply cannot seat here in the seaport”.
“But…”
Her worries and fears stricken me to the core. She was right, if I was in her position I really didn’t know what to do and most likely I would go insane. I just smiled and put my hand on her shoulder.
“Honestly, just relax. Everything will be fine; you just have to stay somewhere and no not talk with no one.”
“Oh, good. I have no choice. I am very excited.”
“Me to” I lied.
The tourists headed for the ship’s entrance and I went with them uptight after I wished good luck to my stressfully excited colleague. At the entrance were two sailors, said hi to me and to the rest, after which I was relieved to discover that there were escalators, as already my hands hurt cause of the luggage. At the top of them, stood a man who took my ticket and smiled, wishing me bon voyage. I prayed that I would not have seasick. I followed the rest of the people and I end up in a big room full of blue chairs, which reminded me very easily about a plain. I looked around and saw a place where people were putting their luggage; sort of a closet and I asked a sailor if my luggage would be safe there.
“Absolutely,” he answered me with a grain. I wondered if in their job contract is written to force themselves or to under act. I returned his smile back and left the room with seats on a lobby then in a restaurant. I went across without looking around, knowing that every eye in that room was on me at every step I took and at last I arrived where I wanted, namely on the deck. There were less people, sitting on some plastic white chairs. I took one for myself and I grounded exactly where the deck’s baulks were, I was admiring the Greek city, the seaport, and buildings. I took out my sunglasses and put them on their place --meaning nose-- after that I crossed my arms while I took a deep breath, sighing. A female voice announced in Greek and English that soon the ship will leave and of course de rigueur thanks that we choose to travel with them. How cute.
I did not wish to draw attention and to speak with somebody. As long I was a ghost for the rest of the world, so much the better. Therefore, I put my headphones in ears and waited to leave. I actually was wondering how long the ship will take to arrive in Hera…I cannot pronounce that bloody word…but something like that, something like Hera-clion…Heraklion, from the Crete island. I fished out my ticket and in that moment, I said loudly:
“HOW MUCH?”
The people around start to stare at me but I didn’t care. There were exactly 6 hours!
Was better for me if I would take the plain, but I was too curious to journey with a ship, there for I sighed again and closed my eyes and… That’s how it goes!
Long way. The ship was walking smooth on water, cutting the white waves of the blue crystalline sea. I was sitting with a coffee in my hands, listening to some music on the deck, watching the water. Sometimes there were also some shows on the Aegean Sea, this meaning little islands who were passing lazily near the ship. Was interesting to see a small mountain in the middle of the water. As for the rest I really didn’t had nothing to do, and the boredom wasn’t late to appeared. Probably I visited all the ship, walking slowly everywhere. I was sitting on a deck then to the next one and the next one, and so on, in the plain type room, at the restaurant, at the games room. I watched bored my phone and saw that I had only one hour left, until arriving at the destination. Already I was so teed off the water and my luck was that the wheatear didn’t stop to be beautiful and hot, as the sea was appeased, the ship had only a small vibration, sign that we were in the move.
When finally the lady on the loudspeakers announced that we were heading to the most wanted island, the people around became eventfully and everyone was rushing towards their luggage to take them and to go in the main lobby, where everything was made of white marble, look alike a hotel reception. Me, very peacefully, I took away my luggage and slowly went to the big lobby knowing that the ship will take some time until landing. Why should I crowd myself in people, just so the ship will not return to Athens when people would be still on, at least I preferred to believe so.
And then, with an easy slam, the ship arrived in the seaport and the gates opened. I exist in the Greek burning sun and looked around stoned, seeing many people, cars that came out from the ship, fending myself from them, lest to forsake the life to fast, anyway was beyond expression pandemonium.
Now, where should I go?
Chapter II-
 Missing Home-
I was sitting like a fool, watching the people hugging and being happy seeing each other, while I was walking around the car park, dieing of heat. I was looking to the left and to the right, already having the intuition to return and buy me a ticket to Athens. I sat on my trolley, waiting for someone to come.
I did not understood, where was I?
For a second I feared that everything was a trick, and now I am alone on this bloody island. I looked around to see the Minotaur maze from where Icarus flew.
I flinched when something vibrated in my blue jeans pocket. I took my phone out, answering emasculated:
“Hello?”
“My dear, are you alright? How is it? Why you didn’t call me back?”
I had to hold the phone at a distance from my ear, fearing to be deaf for the rest of my life. My mother’s voice exploded of concern, and the questions, which tortured her mind, spilled out to me in the phone.
“Mom, I am fine, I just arrived. I’m at the seaport.”
“How is Greece? Do you like it?”
“Is…” --I thought fast to a flying lie-- “hospitable.”
“Hospitable?”
“Yes, it’s nice, blue sea, shining sun, and perfect for sun-bathing.”
“It is such a relief to hear that you are well, I hope you are well, do you have water with you? Sun lotion?”
“Yes mother, I have. Calm yourself down.”
At short notice, like a salvation from my mother’s mind, a honking distracted my attention and I got up to see who did it, after that I put myself back down.
“Mom I will call you when I will get to the hotel,” I said to her and closed quickly the phone, before she would ask me if I am still breathing. From a white car, a blonde bimbo got off, tall woman, wearing high heels, dressed office, having a ponytail, came quickly to me, getting off her sunglasses.
“I’m so sorry, was a traffic jam on my way here. You must be Damian Edward Jones, right?”
American. Not because she was late, but because of her accent.
“Just Damian, it’s enough,” I replayed icily, because I did not stand for a person to not be punctual, whatever is the situation.
I got up second time from the luggage and shacked hand with her.
“I’m Helen Bones; I’m your guide, or supervisor. Or how you want to call it”.
I figured out that the person by her name Helen Bones was with couple of years older then me, not because of her nose earring she had, but because of her teenage horny attitude.
I smiled false and followed her to the white car. I put my luggage in the boot, sighing again. I just wished to have at me a sort of a Scotch Tape, in case of Helen wanted to be too much friendly with me.
We put our seatbelts and off we go. I could not resist observing that Heraklion city look alike Athens. Same streets, white buildings and agglomerated, palm trees and of course thousands of shops.
“Do you like here?” she asked me, driving unmindful.
“Yeah,” I said against the grain.
“You will see how cool is here. Is like paradise. The sea is close; your project colleague will die if she will not go on the beach”.
“Why? You Americans do not have beaches?” I replied tart.
“Yeah we have, but let’s not forget where we are. I mean hello! We are in Greece. The tanning country. Two hours with the boat to Egypt”.
All I heard was blah blah blah…Egypt, and when she pronounced the land with pyramids and mummies, I seemed interested, turning my face to her, where she was driving with a smile on her makeup face.
“To Egypt? How many hours did you said?”
“Two, from Crete”.
“Splendid, cannot wait to go and visit it.”
“Wow, stop right there. I’m your teacher, and in the rules book, you are forbidden to get off this island.”
“Why not?” I became irritated.
“Because you are under my charge, you cannot just walk away where ever you want”.
“I have 22 years old, I think I am enough major in every single country on this Planet!”
“True, but you’re here for the project. Sure, a night out, some fun didn’t hurt no one, but lets not forget why we are here.”
Her voice, by the minute, irritated me insomuch as I just wanted to grab her blonde ponytail and make her meet the driving wheel. Egypt. The only place on earth I would go without fearing to leave my home and it is so near me and for all that, I am prohibit to go.
“Chill” she said, putting her hand on my shoulder. “There are many cool places you can visit on this island, like Cherssonisos or Malya, you’ll see.”
“I am not interested at all for the parties like clubbing or to drink the hell out until you will not remember your name…Forget it!”
She looked at me and didn’t say a word; she realized that with me is difficult to talk. She preferred to smile, a thing that infuriated me. I already hated her.
“Here we are,” she said and parked her car randomly, in front of a grand hotel. I did not understand why she was so damn happy when I was so cheerless; making plans how to murder her. Unfortunately, I was joking.
She opened the boot and tried to take away my luggage. I got out quickly from the car, and without saying a word, I took control on my silence travel friends and didn’t fear to show her the most sadistic look. She just smiled and I was wondering if she was somehow mentally handicapped.
She reminded me about Legally Blonde. I shacked my head to make the image go away and I lifted alone my luggage, while she was walking into the hotel’s entrance, having glass doors which opens automatic and I already trembled with nerves and I didn’t want to talk with her, just to get the hell in my room and stay there and actually to find a credible excuse for Mr. Bines. Me being one of his favorite students. Arrived at the reception lobby, Helen stopped me to give me a key-card with the 23 number on it.
“This is your key-card from your room. Now, what you have to do is…” she said with an enthusiasm.
“To call for a taxi to take me to the airport?” I interrupted her ironically, and for my surprise, she started to laugh. Therefore, I did not doubt any more of her healthy mind.
“You’re funny, really. And me who believed that British people have black humor”.
“We really do. You are the one who didn’t get it”.
Was incredible how idiot she could be. I rolled over my eyes, being sick and tired to stay chatting with Helen, so therefore I headed to the elevator, going in it, seeing that she waved her hand to me. In the elevator, I started to laugh and with a grain on my face, I looked around for my room. Found it, unlock it. I really liked how it was, modern type, with a huge bed, blue carpet and silk curtains waving in the sea breeze. I could see very easy the blue beautiful see from my balcony. I went straight ahead in it, closing my eyes and took a deep breath. I liked it; I was no more terrified because of this experience. Was really a good thing for me that I escaped from my sour mother, being here. I came back in my room, took my shoes off and jumped directly in bed, felt it comfortable.
I heard short and irritating knocks at the door. Knock-knock. I was going to say, “who’s there?” but then I realized that was not a joke but real. I opened my eyes giddy and jumped over the bed to the door, outside was dark. I opened it and in front of me was standing a very beautiful girl. Thin body, with a long face and brown hair tress. She had easy almond eyes, greenish, eyebrows plucked. In addition, to continue with her thin body, wearing a short green dress until the knees with a thin blouse having the same color like her dress.
I did not hear a word what she was talking about, just the phrase:
“…and thought that would be nice to introduce myself.”
“E…excuse me?” I replied still giddy.
She started to laugh, feeling stupid that I didn’t pay attention at what she said:
“You woke up just now? Gosh, I woke you up, sorry, sometimes I’m so rude”.
“No, calm down, it is fine. Please, do come in” I fumbled, letting her in and when she passed besides me, I smelled a very sweet perfume, extraordinary seductive. I turned on the lights, how I said was dark outside and only then, I realized that I felt asleep and my luggage were still unopened, a thing that even she observed, standing on the bed.
“Seems to be that you went directly to bed.”
“Yes, sorry…”
She was American, but from the blonde-haired woman who brought me here, this American girl caught my attention in a good manner, me who I’m quietly and hates everyone -- lets not exaggerate--.
“You don’t have to apologize, I came in Greece yesterday and trust me, the same thing I did.”
“Do you want something to drink, I don’t know what I have here”, I said clumsy, realizing that I did not checked the mini-bar from my room.
“Relax. I will go down to the reception and we will take dinner together to know each other better.”
“Su…sure”, I was such an idiot that I fumbled.
She giggled and waved her hand to me, exiting my room. I watched quickly the phone, and after the 20 calls and messages from my mother, the time was ten pm. Wow, I slept not half. But honestly, why an American girl came to take me out to dinner? I went to the bathroom, or better said, I ran to the bathroom and watched horrified my reflection in the mirror, seeing that my hair was ruffled, me being with black hair and brown eyes. How stupid I must looked in her eyes, therefore I returned in my room and I turned inside out my luggage and ran back to take a shower. After 20 minutes I looked fresh shaved, with a white cotton shirt, smelling of expansive perfume and with blue jeans, me who do not exaggerate with my look, but I could not appear to her like a rambler.
I took my phone and exit the room, feeling something in my stomach and I could not tell if it was because of the hunger or because of something else.
At the reception I saw her, dressed the same, listening to some music at her headphones, having a small and black purse. When she saw me, she smiled in a way that made me blush and felted weird.
“I thought you’ll never come.”
“Well…I couldn’t ignore you, I would seem rude.”
“Shall we go?”
“Where are you taking me?”
“You’ll see, I ate there yesterday and was delicious.”
“But we have the permission to leave the hotel, without asking that blond bimbo?”
I was very pleased to see her laughing at my empty jock and in that moment, we were walking down the street, she waved her hair --this time curly-- I sensed again that sweet perfume which gave me chicken skin.
“You are meaning Miss Bones? She came with me from U.S.A; she drove me insane with her boyfriend.”
“Please tell me that he is not a lawyer.”
“No…A fitness instructor, she met him from his class and they fell in love at first sight” she took hers cue from Miss Bones, making me laugh.
“Really, where you are taking me?”
“You’ll see, is right next to us.”
And like she said, on a big street, where everyone circulated more with scooters then cars, she showed me a Greek restaurant.
“Voila!”
“Ladies first” I said, being a gentleman, opening the glass door for her to enter.
“Me who believed that British guys just pretend to be gentlemen, only to impress the women.”
I smiled, a thing unobserved by her. Inside of the local, everything was made of white marble and the round tables adorned with flower vases.
“Let’s go there,” she said, pointing a table right in the back.
We went slowly towards it; I took a seat in front of her. In the local, of course, was Greek music.
“Here they have delicious food, trust me,” she said, looking in the menu. I instead, was watching her, lost in thoughts, and I figured out that I did not know who she was.
“Sorry but…” and when to say a phrase, a waiter thought to interrupt me.
“Kalispera, what can give you?” she asked joyfully.
“I would wish a portion of pastitio, please, and to drink…a flat water.”
“And you?” she addressed to me, who was not paying attention.
“Aaaah…what the young lady wants.”
„Kala.”
She took away our menus and left. The girl in front of me was looking very happy; instead, I was a little rigid.
“You wanted to say something to me.”
“A…yes, honestly I don’t know who you are…” I said all red.
“We met, or at least I introduced myself, but most likely you were sleepy. Well my name is Abigail Woods, but you can call me Abby, I hate my name.”
“Why? It is a beautiful name. My name is Damian Jones/”
“Pleasure and how you are called?”
“Just…Damian?” I said with an easy retention, but I smiled when I saw that she did the same.
“Why you wanted to know me?” I asked, but after that, I regretted my question.
“No seriously, from what planet did you came? I’m you project colleague.”
“Really?”
Was logic --I was infected by Helen Bones-- that an American girl at my age wanted to know me, plus she mentioned that she came with Bones.
“I am so sorry…I…” I start to agitated.
“Relax. You are just being in a mess a little bit,” she said, putting her hand over my clamped fist on the table. When I felt her silky skin, my heart jumped in the air. She took away her hand fast, still smiling.
“Yes is true, is my first experience in this way and above all that I never left England before”.
“Really?” she said very amazed.
“Yes, I don’t like to travel.”
“So you are the type of shy, silence guy who prefers to be alone all the time?”
“You will become a good psychologist” I joked, thankful that she was laughing.
“It’s my passion to help people, or at least how much I can. But the project presume something else, you know, right?” she asked with a serious voice.
“Yes…aaam…” I fumbled again, realizing that I did not study my brief better, and I just knew that we have to go over something, like a case.
“The project presumes a search over a subject, human, to name it properly. Who has a mental illness and we have to write down and to observe, for a month, how it’s manifesting.”
This short description terrified me. Mental illness?
“But…” I grained puzzled. “We are psychologists…I mean…I am thinking that for the mental illnesses is the duty of the psychiatrists.”
“Yes, but even we study something like that. And because we are among the best students in our colleges, they put us in our hands a very interesting human. Most precisely, one at our age.”
“And what illness he has?”
“Well he is…” she hesitated, looking down. “Schizophrenia.”
In that moment, my face turned white.
“But are we allowed to come closer to a man with schizophrenia?”
“In his case is an easy form. He is American, and he with his family moved here for the summer vacation…plus we will make practice.”
“And what we suppose to do?” I asked bewildered.
And when she open her mouth to say something, the waiter came with our orders. After she left, I came back to Abby wanting to know every detail; being frustrated that I did not managed to read that bloody brief.
“We don’t have to do much thing. We have to meet him, to become friends with him. To see how his ill will manifest at him.”
“But Abby, a person with schizophrenia can be able to kill without being aware of it. To make…horrible acts.”
“True, but in his case the illness is in an easy form. Well enjoy your meal!” she said sort off intentionally, ready to eat.
Me, even if I was hungry, I could not eat, only with the thought of being friend with a schizophrenic.
Returned to the hotel, I spotted far away Miss Helen and I rushed the walk with Abby, to the elevator. She got off at the first floor wishing me good night. I watched long after her, smiling.
Oh my God, what a girl, in the way that I felt very odd around her, I fumbled, my hands were sweating and that my stomach jumped.
However, returned to my hotel room, I did not open the lights, and I took a seat on one of the chairs in the balcony. I sighed and called my mother.
“Damian…God, are you alright? Why you did not called me back?”
“Yes mother, I am ok. I want you to do something for me.”
“Which is?”
“I want you to make me a fly reservation from Heraklion city. I am coming home, I already miss England, and I don’t want to stay here anymore.”
“Damian, it is your dream. You cannot give up on it.”
“There are more dreams ahead. Please mom, do this for me.”
“I am very sorry Damian, but I cannot do this. I don’t want later for you to hate me!”
And when I to tell something, I woke up that I didn’t had whose to tell, because my mother hang out the phone. I could not believe it. I remained like a donkey in the rain and an urge started to cover me. Doesn’t matter, I alone will go to the airport or seaport, without any help. I did not want to deal with a psycho and someone to ban me to do what I want, so that is why I will leave next morning. I jumped over my luggage and started to charge them chaotically with things and clothes. I did not care; I have to get away from this island before I will turn myself in a schizophrenic.
The next day, I was fresh but still angry; an irritating state does not pass me that easily. Only yesterday, I arrived and found out what was all about from Abby, and I still regretted and cursing me that I was to stupid and lazy to read the brief. If I would study more carefully, I wouldn’t end up on an island, to be disappointed or, in worst case, danger of dieing. I was not the type to risk his life for the sake of science. No sir. I preferred to be invisible and to disappear from background.
I took the elevator with the luggage after me, and pushed the downstairs button. I walked in the reception lobby and I saw the blonde bimbo, Helen, all shiny and stuff, talking at her phone. I went to her, give her my key-card and after that I exit the hotel, only then she realized that I was leaving , I didn’t ask her to think fast, considering that her mind would not help her.
“WAIT! Where’re you going?”
I was already on the other side of the street, heading to a taxi.
“Home.” I shouted to her without turning my face.
But the poor blonde didn’t apprehend to say something, because the taxi in which I got in, started already to take me to the seaport.
I really did not want to explain to someone why I did this, especially to her, who probably would say again how funny I am.
The driver didn’t had much English knowledge but he even didn’t say something, driving with calm. I putted my sunglasses on and I waited in silence until the destination.
I observed the red ship with the Crete Prince drew on it and I was happy that the ship was there, just in time. I paid 15 euros to the driver and I was heading to the booking office.
“A ticket to Athens, please” I said to the lady from the pay box, and she gave me the ship ticket and I took nicely my luggage and when I turned back, my heart came into my neck. In front of me was no one else beside Abigail, standing with her arms crossed and with her face very serious.
“Where you think you’re going?”
“Abby, don’t do this.”
“I’m not doing anything, I was just wondering if you hit your head.”
“Look!” I flashed a little out to her. “I quit the project, it is not my place here…”
“Damian, you can’t give up now! If you will do this, I’ve to give up too, which I don’t want to do this for the life of me.”
“I am sorry,” I said, making my way to the ship, but seemed that she didn’t give up so easily, coming after me.
“Please Damian. You will destroy me too. I will not let you to ruin my dream!”
At those words, I closed my eyes feeling an easy pain in my soul, but I was too stubborn so I continued my way to the ship.
“Damian!” she shouted, stopping.
I turned to her, and I could not believe how beautiful she was, even upset.
“Damian…please”.
I observed that she almost burst into tears. I sighed, looking for the ship.
“Abby…I…”
“Please…Damian.”
The way she pronounced my name, my legs softened. She put forth towards me and I let go my stubbornness and came to her taking her hand in mines. The gesture which came next, left me with my mouth opened, she actually hugged me.
Now…What will be next?
Chapter III-
Friendships
“I am that kind of person who doesn’t want to risk his life, or to do crazy stuff. I simply cannot do it, plus that I feel lost here.” I talked nineteen to the dozen to the girl, both of us standing on a local bar near the seaport. She didn’t say a word, watching me serious, listening to every single word I said, making me glad that someone can be able to listen to me. I took a little drink from my soda and continued:
“And I cannot say that I don’t love my job, or whatever, my future job, but…”
“But then why you choose this way if you are afraid to meet people? After all, psychology implicates those things. To observe some human aspects, psychic speaking.”
“Well…I.”
I did not want to tell her the truth, I was not the type who opens to someone, but she deserved an explication for my behavior and above all that we were partners for a project. She looked at me very curious, rising an eyebrow.
“Well?”
I sighed and looked down.
“Well, I chose psychology of selfishness. To know me better, somehow to try to change me. I can be a pain in the ass sometimes.”
“Just relax”, she changed her look from me to the sea. I was thinking that she was ruminating at what I said and felt like under the microscope.
“The psychology, notions, definitions, will not be able to help you Damian. You reached the last level of your college, thinking that being studious and knowing everything will help you finding your answers. Well, you were wrong. You’ll not be able to know yourself like this. You don’t pay attention to you, you don’t have people around to help you, and even if you had, you are too stubborn to listen to advices.”
Wow. She left me speechless. Somehow, she disturbed me with what she said but I had to agree with her. She was right. I didn’t say a word, and like her, I watched the sea, seeing it so peacefully and so blue, plus that the red ship was far away distance.
“Good. Now that I embarrassed enough, let’s do business, shall we?” she said smiling with warm, giving me snakes in my stomach. I smiled back and noticed that she took off a folder from her backpack, on which was written: Laurence Mill.
“Laurence Mill?” I curiously asked.
“Yeah. Ours subject. He has 21 years old, Canadian. Seems to be that he was diagnosed last year with schizophrenia, at him it manifests, from his parents declarations, that he sees movie characters that talks with him, he doesn’t remember when he causes an act, such as a recent incident, when he destroyed his laptop by throwing it out from his window directly in a men’s head.
He said that one of these characters told him that his laptop is broadcasting every time when he sleeps or when he gets back in his room from the shower,” she read from her folder, while I was dumb with surprise.
“And this how his schizophrenia manifests?”
“Yes. He caused it when his ex girlfriend left him, closed inside him and he got mad. He calls himself sometimes Alex and reacts differently; he has an other personality for short periods and makes acts which aren’t from his true behavior.”
“Like?”
“Like the laptop thing. He hears the characters voice and listens to them, while he is one of them.”
And I thought to myself that Helen is not in a good way with her mind. I drank my soda, because my neck was dry from that information and looked a little uptight to Abby, who was looking on her folder and then she turned her beautiful eyes at me, smiling.
“That’s why I’m telling you Damian, that not the college can help you resolve your issues. But the people. To not get in the same situation like poor Laurence here. You have to open yourself, to get if off from your chest. Now you have me. We’ll be friends” she smiled at me and I back.
A voice from my head said to me that I will be in the friend zone, which I did not like the idea. But the idea to be open with her, grained to me.
“And now what we will do?” I asked her.
“Well we will go back to the hotel, eat something. You will leave your luggage and then we’ll go and visit the Mill family. They are waiting for as at 3 o’clock.”
I agreed and sent a message to my mother:
“You are right, I would hate you for the rest of my life if you would took tickets”, and I smiled leaving the seaport with Abby.
In the hotel at the reception lobby, Helen came fast at us wearing high heels.
“I can’t believe! I will forbid you to go in clubs for this!”
“Not a problem” I laughed with Abby, knowing that wasn’t a tragedy. I took back my key-card, going to the elevator.
“But not tonight, of course. You can go. I mean we will go.”
I made a scene of sickness at that thought, making Abby laugh. And like the first day, Helen waved her hand happily, making us laugh.
“You know…is not a bad idea.”
“What?” I asked terrified.
“To go clubbing. But not for the sake of dancing and drinking, but in this way we can meet Laurence better, to get along with him.”
“What do you mean by that?” I said much terrified.
The elevator’s door opened, and I turned my face to Abby.
“I mean that, we have to make him see that we are not here from a school to investigate him, this is one of the project’s rules. The subject is not allowed to know that we want to make friends with him just because we are studding him.”
“Seems to me unfair. But Abby, clubbing? I don’t go out in clubs. I don’t know how to dance or…”
“Don’t worry about that, I can teach you.” She said smiling and went down on the stairs.
I entered my room, praying that Laurence is the type of guy who hates clubbing, but something was telling me that he loves to do that. I jumped on the bed and sighed. Probably I sighed thousand of times since I came here, but I was happy that Abby came after me in the seaport. That means something or that she is selfish. I will promise that I will try to get along with a psycho, only for her sake.
At 2 o’clock, Abby returned to my door, being dressed in white, with a sheer dress and a t-shirt. I saw that she tress her hair again, emphasizing her green eyes. Together we came down to the reception and for my sake Helen wasn’t there, after that we went to a taxi. When the driver started to go, I turned to Abby:
“Abby, I am not good at talking or making friends. I will pull the rug from under us.”
“Is not true, in this way you will learn to be more sociable. I know that he likes martial arts, is very good at it…”
“Great, a good martial arts schizophrenic.” I said ironically.
“Yeah right, he will not hurt us. Then…an R&B dancer. He likes action movies, fantasies, and listens to rock and hip-hop music. He likes spicy food, especially Mexican.
“From where you know all this?”
“I studied the brief. Something tells me that you didn’t get one, that’s why you are so clumsy.”
A blow under my belt.
“I did…but…”
“You didn’t read it,” she continued.
“Yes” I said having my face all red.
“Don’t worry; I’m like a mini-glossary on two feet. When I study something, I do it very rigorous.”
She smiled encouraged at me, while I was feeling abashed. Odd.
Arriving at the block, I paid the taxi --I did not want to let her do that, even if she insisted-- then Abby called at an intercom.
“Nai?” someone answered in Greek language.
“I’m Abby.”
A clang and the stair door opened. She entered first, with her little black purse, and me after her being more like terrified. Climbing those stairs I felt my heart exploding, I didn’t know how to react and honestly I am not good at acting, or to mime a mood or to be friendly. I couldn’t fake or at least not for a long time. A door opened at the second floor and Abby entered in the apartment with her cute smile on her face, me more like restrained. The apartment was big, and the main hall made a connection to the living room. Who opened the door, seemed to be Laurence’s mother. A thin woman, boney, with her hair black and long until the shoulders. Having russet-colored skin and eyes dark as night.
“Hello”, Abby and I saluted polite. She did not say hi back just:
“Laurence is in his room, I will lead you the way to him. Do you want something to drink?” she asked, Abby turned her face at me, like realizing that I wanted to run away. She took my hand and we went into the living room, I felt blushing again. Laurence’s mother came to us with to glasses of soda.
“Here you go,” she said and we took the glasses. We said thank you and take a seat on a white sofa, looking around. They had a beautiful house, but I could feel the cold inside, not because was chill inside but for simple reason that here wasn’t the land of happiness. Abby looked at her and said joyfully:
“You have a beautiful home.”
“Yes…thank you. We rented for the summer…,” she said with her eyes in another direction.
“How Laurence is feeling?” Abby asked.
The woman turned to us with tears in her eyes.
“Pretty good…I’m afraid. Me and my husband are thinking to intern him to a hospital.”
“This is not a solution,” Abby said with passion. “It can be resolving if he takes his medicine. You don’t have to put him away.”
“Yes but what happens if his ill will not pass?” she said scared.
“It will pass if he will respect his treatment.”
I thought to myself that she didn’t jock when she said that psychology was her passion, considering that this thing could be read on her face.
“Can we see him?” Abby asked.
“Sure…just be careful.”
“I…can stay here”, I said whispering while Mrs. Mill left.
“No. You are not here to gossip. You’re here for the project. Trust me Damian. Everything will be ok. Let’s go.”
Contrary my will, the girl took my hand and together went to his room. Mrs. Mill smiled to us and opened Laurence’s door.
The first thing I saw was this huge poster, which represented a death with her scythe. This was not a good sign. On a bed, an athletic and black hair boy, was standing back towards the door.
“Lars, honey, someone came to see you.”
I figured it out that Lars was a short name from Laurence, but he didn’t answer. The woman smiled and closed the door after us. His room looked like a teenager’s one, full of posters with musician bands. A computer on a black desk, in the corner, and a little mess in, the cloths being everywhere.
“Laurence?” said Abby, going closer to him.
In that moment, the boy got suddenly up, I jumped off my skin. He turned slowly to us, and I saw that he was double then me, like body. He had the skin like his mother, black eyes set deep above the high planes of his cheekbones.
“And you are?” he asked with a heavy voice and a little thick.
“I’m Abby and he is Damian.” The girl said with pretty much courage.
Him, for my surprise, smiled and said:
“Cool. I’m Lars or Laurence, seat down.”
I took a seat on the bed with Abby next to me. Lars was sitting down in front of us, on a chair.
“My mom doesn’t let me to have visitors, or to meet someone new. I’m bored to death seating all day in my room or to get out only with my parents. How old are you?” he asked curiously.
“22” we answered together.
“Cool, we are all the same age. Well, I’m younger then you with one year…21.”
“Nice. Why your mother doesn’t let you meet someone new?”
“She says that Greek people are difficult and they don’t speak English. But she’s lying, I saw a lot of Greeks speaking a perfect English, I really don’t get it. I hate this place.”
I realized that he wasn’t nonsensical, it was his real personality and some how he seemed a good person.
“Well yes, we, I mean me, I’m from United States, from Seattle. And Damian comes from London.”
“Cool. I’m from New York, but I was born in Canada. My parents move a lot. And now in Europe, for this summer.”
“Yes well…maybe they like to travel,” I said unskillful, not knowing how to talk.
“Nope…I like to ground myself in just one place. When I make friends, we are moving again. It’s already frustrating for me. I cannot keep a friendship.”
In his voice, I could easily discern a trace of regret. Me, not like him, I was perfect happy without any friends. Abby sighed, even she realized that regret voice and smiled. He frowned his eyebrows and asked while he was playing with a pen.
“But it’s weird…why did you came to know me?”
He wasn’t stupid.
“Well…your parents and mines are friends. And because I wanted to come in Greece for the summer, my parents suggested me to come here, to not feel alone, because here are your parents and of course you. And with Damian become friends in the hotel, and I suggested him to come with me to know you.”
He smiled, and I was so amazed how convincing Abby could be. Laurence believed her and smiled happy.
“Cool. Finally, I meet someone. Well what you want to do? Go to see a movie, pizza…?”
“Well actually…we were invited in a club tonight and would be nice if we will go there.”
Oh no! Please Laurence, say no!
“Well…really, I don’t like that much crowdie places”
Yes! He will become my best friend.
“But if you want, we can go. I want to do something I never did before. Maybe will be fun.”
Oh no! He is already on my black list.
“Awesome. We have to go.” Abby said, rising.
“Can I give you my number? To call me when you guys want go”
“Sure.” Abby said.
While they were taking their numbers, my thought flew at a big bottle of whiskey. I already preferred to seat all night in my room to let Abby managing this thing herself. But the thought that she will go with a lunatic, gave me chills on the back. So, remains the whiskey.
On the road, in the cab, Abby sniffed her nose and wiped her tears. I was curious why she was doing that, because outside was beyond 86-Fahrenheit degrees.
“Abby, are you alright?” I asked her.
“Yeah…yeah, I’m ok. I mean…Damian, do you realized that the poor boy isn’t allowed to make friends. He’s alone. Not for nothing, his parents move a lot, just for others safety. It’s sad.” she said, while she was cleaning her nose with a napkin.
I didn’t thought that far at the non-friends theory, when I didn’t had one, or at least I didn’t want too. And others who want and are not allowed to have. Indeed was sad. Arriving at the hotel, from my despair, Helen stopped us.
“So…what shall we do tonight?” she said happy.
“We are going in the club,” Abby said with red eyes.
“Super! I know one very cool…in a resort. We’ll take the bus at 7 o’clock…oh shit, I’ve so much to do, I have to do my hair…Oh my God, what clothes should I ware?” she started to talking more for herself, given me headaches.
“Someone will come with us.”
“Really? You hooked up with someone?”
“No, I didn’t. Laurence will come, our subject, or whatever, our friend.
“Hmmm, ok, only if he will have fun” she said with a disgusting smile, running in her room.
She might have say, God be careful, or at least to ban us, considering that she knows all the rules when she banned me to go off the island. But no, she was happy at the thought that a psycho will join us. How cute.
“She is right” Abby said making me turned shocked my face at hers.
“Since when Helen is right?”
“I was referring at the clothes…Even I don’t know what to wear,” she said, going at the elevator.
“Women” I said, rolling my eyes, joining her in the elevator.
The 7 o’clock had arrived, and the sun was near the Aegean Sea. Me, Abby and Laurence were sitting in the bus station, with tickets in our hand, waiting for the bus to come. For my relief, the blonde platypus didn’t came with us, being already there. Laurence was talking about his dance competitions and Abby seemed very interested about his stories.
“And it’s a surprise that you don’t go in clubs, if you are a good dancer.” Abby said, being dressed in a short skirt and a thin blouse with long sheer sleeves.
“True, but in resort beach clubs, you’ll never hear what music you want.” Laurence said animated.
“We can ask. I’m really curious how you dance.”
“Hmm, if only you’ll dance with me.”
Was me or this guy was flirting with her. A irritating mood came to me, because Mr. perfection was looking long at her while they were talking and I was sitting like an idiot, a little dizzy -- I didn’t exclude the whiskey choice-- listening to their conversation. For my sake, the bus interrupted Laurence’s talking and we went straight to it, climbing inside. Abby and I took a seat in front and Laurence alone in the back, on the other side. Abby smiled to me while the bus left the station. A man was walking among us, talking our tickets.
“Abby, I hope that you are sure what you are doing.” I said a little worried.
“Of course, relax. I wasn’t born yesterday, he is lovable.” she said, turning to him, who smiled to her while he was listening to music. My stomach was hurting.
“And I’m not?” I said without realizing.
“Of course. Why you’ree so envy?” she said, seemed amused. I laugh, even if I didn’t want to do that and I watched on the bus windows, outside was twilight. How beautiful it can be, the view.
“I’m joking, you know. I mean, you are lovable to me.”
“Same. But let’s have fun Damian. At least do it for once in the life time…At least for me.” she said, making me blush.
“I will try…for your sake.” the last words came out so hard. But let’s be serious, why not? How bad can happen? Despite of Alex waking from Laurence and drown us in the sea.
“Did he take his pills?” I asked precaution.
“What? Yes. I have them with me, in case of him to forget.”
“Cool.”
The Mr., which was sitting among us, was shouting the resort, which came next, and I was careful when he will yell Chersonissos name.
“You know. I feel weird.” I said.
“Why are you feeling weird?”
“How…how the life can make you a surprise. Only few days back, I was sitting in my room, upset, and look at me now, I am standing right beside of a beautiful girl, in a beautiful country…sharing with me the same dream. Thank you.” I said sincerely, felling my heart dancing inside of me.
“You don’t have to thank me. You chose this way.”
“Not, really thank you. If it wasn’t for you, I would gave up my big dream.”
“Well in that case, you’ree welcome.” She said smiling.
I wondered if the whiskey was speaking for me or me. Yes, I was. When finally the Mr. shouted Chersonissos, me, Abby and Laurence raised up from our seats and at the first station went down. What I saw around was a vacation-village, in the back being mountains and on the other side of the street was a little mall.
“Where we are going?”
“Let me call Helen” Abby said, and I could not believe that these two girls were in touch. Laurence was in happy hour, looking around amazed by what he saw, as if only then he realized where he was.
“Hello? Hey Helen. It’s me Abby we’re here. We are at the mall, I think…”
While se took the indications from Bones, Laurence was watching her with a look that irritated me.
“Ok, well we have to go straight ahead, and when she will see us will come at us” Abby said, putting her hands under our arms, walking happy on the street. Around me, I could hear many languages including British. I did not know that this Cretan resort is so popular.
Meanwhile when I was walking somehow happy that I was with Abby, and unhappy that Lars was with us, I gave thought to myself that in this way I have a chance to know her better. I really wanted to know her much more, now that she admits I am dear to her. Only if Laurence will not stick his nose in my plans. He is schizophrenic, but I can be much worst then that and I am capable of doing conscious bad things. Of course, I am not that type of person who is violent, but I can be sometimes pretty impish, when someone will not give me a break.
Abby was talking animated, about this experience, how can you meet new people in your way. I agreed with her, or the part, which did not, implicates Laurence. And suddenly I got sick. Not because of eating something spoiled but forasmuch as I saw Helen Bones, and when she sees us, came quickly, very perky --I was just about to throw up--.
“I thought that you’ll not show up.”
“Well we are here not,” Abby said. “Helen, this is our friend Laurence Mill. Lars, this is our teacher, Helen.”
“Pleasure,” Laurence said with a grain, frowning.
I figured out that Abby made a terrible mistake. And before the blond one reached to open her mouth, I said:
“Yes, she is our teacher of… “, I could not find of what.
“Fitness, in my hotel. I take fitness classes; I want to look in shape.” Abby said quickly, realizing her bloomer.
Laurence instead, looked at her suspicious.
“Actually I’m teacher of…” Helen started, but I took her away, putting my hand on her shoulder.
“The most cool teacher I ever known. An incredible fitness teacher,” I said, amazed what I could do, going all of us on the paved street, framed with a lot of clubs and pubs. Abby started to laugh and Laurence did the same, me being relieved that he swallowed a gudgeon. Helen was giggling and I took my hand off her shoulder, I really did not want to appear like her boyfriend. That is the last straw!
An image with Abby, and me came into my head. An image of me holding her hand, and Lars with Helen were not around. I smiled at that picture, but I lost the grain fast when I saw that exactly this thing Lars was doing with Abby, taking her hand. A monster started to get birth in me, much dangerous then that schizophrenic. Helen entered first in a club located on an intersection of small paved roads. Was call New York, so much originality for a name.
“Well what do you know, we got in my place.” Lars said, entertaining Abby.
“Damian, what are you doing? Let’s go in!” Abby said, seeing that I was looking amazed at that club, in the wrong way said, the music, or better say, the noise, could be hear in all Greece, was so annoying that I was so close to put wool in my ears.
“Yeah Eddy, let’s get in,” Helen said, and when I heard how she called me I remain with my mouth opened. Eddy?! Ok, I know, I have a middle name but no one puts me a nickname.
“Damian, actually!” I replied with acid.
The party, if I can named like this, was in full swing. We went to the back of that club, meaning the second chamber, at first was to crowdie, the main bar and the dance floor, the second one was under a canopy, leading straight to the beach, high tables and round. Abby took a shot of Tequila, inviting me to do the same. Lars and Helen were dancing, for my surprise Lars did not praise himself for no propose. He really knew how to dance despite Helen, which you could easily say that she was electrocuted.
“You know. I never thought that I will have such a great time here, I mean far away from my home and friends.” Abby said to me, while I was watching Helen to see if she didn’t made foams to her mouth.
“Well there is nothing much in it. But being with you here is awesome, I mean, I am having fun.” I said without fearing and I did not know from where the words came out.
“Same, you…Lars, even clumsy Helen.” She said, putting a rock on my heart.
“I want to know you better.”
“Of course you can. I didn’t forbid you to do that,” she said happy, taking a drink from my vodka.
“Can I?” she asked.
“Of course. But…”
But…But, I could not reach to say a word, because Mr. wonderful psycho, came quickly to our table, like he intuited that I was about to take some words from my soul and telling Abigail. For my despair, Helen came too, taking me to dance. Abby accepted the Lars’s invitation, both of them dancing very closed. Helen tried her best, but I stood still like a statue in the middle of the dance floor, watching helpless and lost the Lars-Abby couple.
I left from Helen, back to our table, drinking the rest of the vodka and suddenly started a slow song and with a pain in my heart, I saw that Lars and Abby were dancing hugged and slow. Why should I care? Who I am fooling!?
Therefore, I did not stay to watch them and ran off the stairs towards the beach. I took a seat in the warm sand. The sea was making smooth waves and I took my shoes off, was so pleasant to feel the sand on my bare feet. Was so calm and relaxing to hear the water, to breath it, to see it, even if was night. I watched the stars above and I have to admit that Mother Nature outdone her self with the Greek natural beauty. I observed two girls, which reeked alcohol, were having fun jumping dressed in the cold sea, shouting like the sirens, as they broke down the record for Wales.
I sighed repeatedly, playing with the sand, I could hear steps in my back, and I felt a hand on my shoulder.
“Damian, are you ok?”
For my sake, Abby missed my presence in the club.
“Now yes…I…I went out because of that drank vodka who was showing signs that wants to get out.” I lied.
Abby smiled and took a seat right next to me. Even if she was dizzy, still her sweet sense I could smell, and that think made me to want her so bad.
“How beautiful can be.” She said, watching ahead.
“Who, Lars?” I said.
“What?”
“I am joking. What exactly?”
“The sea. The sky. The night. This moment.”
She took a deep breath, closing her eyes. I was looking at her lost and I really wanted to tell her how I feel, but the words were too stubborn to come out. I pleased myself just to hear and see her.
“What it is?” She said amused.
“Nothing. What can it be?”
“Well I don’t know. You look like you’ree about to say something.”
“No,” I lied again. I already hated myself for this.
“Ok. I left Lars with Helen.”
I turned suddenly my head to her.
“What? Why you did this?”
“Because I didn’t want company to come here and talk wiith you,” she smiled.
Even if the idea sounded extraordinary in my ears, Lars didn’t had to be alone, especially that he drank alcohol. I raised.
“Come on! We don’t have to let him alone. He is able to do anything.”
“Yes, you’ree right.” She said and together came back to the club.
Lars was sitting alone at the table, drinking happily. Helen was gone…where she was.
“Lars, are you ok? Where’s Helen?” Abby asked.
“She’s dancing with a guy. Abby can we go now? My mom called thousand of time, I don’t feel well.”
Abby and I looked at each other and we went out, with Lars, off the door. He was pretty dizzy, putting his hands on our shoulders.
“Friends. How cool it sounds. My best friends.”
I tried to pull out from his clutch, but no chance, his arm was like my leg.
“Lars, we’ll take a cab and get you home.”
“Abby, are you crazy? Until Heraklion?” I said.
“And what we suppose to do Damian, to seat here until the morning when our bus comes?”
“Yes. It is 4 o’clock in the morning anyway.” I said, making Abby thinking. She looked at her phone and sighed. After that, we turned our way back.
It was six in the morning and there was no bloody soul in the resort. The sky took light colors, and at the horizon, a pink line could be seen, announcing the dawn. On the sand I trembled of cold, Abby was sleeping on Lars’s laps and with her legs on mines. The all alcohol cleared, and a little headache started to annoy me.
“You know,” Laurence started to talk. “Was the best day from my life.” He said low, looking at the pinky horizon.
I did not want to become sentimental, but real.
“You never had a best day like…”
“No. Honestly not.” He cut my question, looking at me. On his sincere face, the first reddish rays of Greek sunshine could be seeing. He turns his eyes at the sun, closing them.
“Can I ask you something?” I said.
“Shore, go ahead.”
“Do you like Abby?”
I did not know what came over me when I put this question, but I was afraid that his answer would make me drawn him in the sea.
“I do. I mean…she is a funny girl, beautiful, special. How can you not like her?” he said with a tinge of jock.
I smiled false, grabbing in my feast the sand and only God could stop me from throw it in his eyes. Abby moved a little, sleeping like an angel.
“We should go,” I said, looking at the watch.
“No. Let’s stay a little longer. I love how she is sleeping,” he said, smiling.
My blood was boiling in my veins.
Chapter IV- 
I cannot believe it
Arrived in my hotel room, I lay down on my bed, being so exhausted, given that I did not slept last night, and my head was exploding. To cut the long story short, we woke up Abigail at 7 o’clock and together we went to the bus. It disturbed me that Lars invited himself to seat right next to her, while I was sitting much farer, watching them envy how they were laughing and playing. When we made it in Heraklion, Abby went to seep in her room, having a little sand in her hair, and me in mines.
I liked her. Honestly, I really did, but I did not stand the idea that she might like Laurence. Was impossible, was it?
I mean, if I am thinking sharper, let us not forget that Laurence was a lunatic, our studying subject and Abigail was conscious that she could not link herself to a man who can hurt her. But something tells me that Abby likes extreme sports. I closed my eyes. The image with her on the beach in the dawn came into my mind. The reddish rays of sunshine, playing in her brown and easy curly hair. Her beautiful smile, that I could taste her sweet lips without satisfying.
In the next morning, I woke up at seven. I was happy, and no idea why, maybe the simple fact that I slept like a log after a long night. I went to bathroom and the first thing I did was a cold shower. I return in my room with a grain on my face and another first thing came into my mind, and it was a coffee on a Greek terrace bar. And so the idea starts to take control of my mind, taking a paper and a pen:
“Abby, I will wait you at 10 o’clock at the bar where we had our sodas. We have to talk. Damian E.J.”
I blended the paper and I put on a blue shirt, wearing short and black jeans. Let’s not forget my sunglasses.
I went out same as happy how I awake. With the paper in hand, I lower with a floor. I knocked at her door easy, did not wanted to wake her up and after that I sneaked the paper under her door, lowering the steps to reception lobby and from there outside in the light of the morning summer. I took a deep breath, while I was walking alone down the paved streets of the Heraklion city. I was curious to see the Venetian seaport, there being an Italian castle, but I have decided that was not good to traipse alone in a foreigner city. Was nice to walk, my mind was cooling while my thought start to clear. A girl gang passes near me, and that teenage girls started to giggle when they saw me. I wondered if I had something on my face. To be shore of that thought, I stopped at a parked car and looked in a rear-view mirror. I didn’t had nothing, my face was the same, pale with pink tint, like I knew it to be. I smiled to myself and I continued my walk, lowering on some stone steps to the seaport. I observed the bar terrace almost empty at that hour, and I took a seat at a round table, felting the sea breeze. Oh my God, how good it is to seat in the morning time at coffee, on a terrace with lot of sun, near a crystalline sea. I ordered a coffee and I looked in my phone. Many messages from my mother. I started to read them bored, speedy:
“Are you alright? I forgot to tell you, I took a holiday from my work…How have you been?”
“Why you don’t send me a sms back?”
“Are you alright sweetheart? Don’t forget that your mother loves you.”
“Hmhm,” someone said, and I took my eyes from my phone, putting them up.
Abby was standing up, happily as usual in front of me, having her hair caught in a tail.
“Abby, hello. Please, take a seat.” I said polite, inviting her to seat next to me at the table.
“I received your message. I have something that will knock you down.”
“What? Do you want a coffee?”
“Yes please. I just woke up recently; I took a cab until here. Barely I escaped from Helen, she wanted to come with me.
“Honestly, that’s torn it to me to ruin my good humor.”
I made a sign to the waiter.
“A coffee for young lady please. Same as mine.
“Sure.”
“Good humor?” Abby said, being amazed. She never saw me in a good humor. The truth is that I have them so rare, but when I do have it, the people around me are happy.
“Yes. I finally slept much longer, since I have changed the time zone. I don’t feel tired no more.”
“That’s great to hear. I talked with Lars, later I will go at his place,” she said, watching me with a serious face. I did not give her my attention for that, as I did not hear her. I really did not want the image of Lars to destroy my day.
“Ok. But why you said I will go instead of we will go?” I curiously asked, even if I was happy that I would not go.
“Because he starts with me to get along very well and in this way I can see some of his aspects much easier. I want to meet Alex.”
“I think you have a screw loose, do you like the risks?” I asked her amused by her saying.
“Why you say so?” She asked me, serious.
“Well, the idea to stay and chat with a murderer…” I laughed.
“Murderer? Damian, this guy didn’t kill anyone. Just because he’s a schizophrenic that doesn’t mean that he has to kill. I believe that his illness starts to pass away. Anyway, not of this is about. You have to see something.”
Abby fished out from her backpack, sort of a folder. The waiter brought us the coffees, and I was curious about what she wanted to show me.
“Look through it.” She urged me.
I opened it, and a mug shot picture with Laurence was on the front page, after that another file was. I remained stoned. .
“How…you…from…” I started to fumble, seeing her triumph smile.
“We no longer can work for the project. With the information we have in our hands, we guarantied our brilliant future.” She said.
“Abby, from where did you have this?” I asked still in shock. “Ok, but promise me that you will tell no one. I have from my mother. My mom is a shrink, and she got the Laurence file.”
“You are…a genius,” I shouted, jumping. The people around started to loom at our table. Even Abby seemed elated.
I sat back.
“Wow, this guy didn’t stand still. Laurence Edger Mill, born in Vancouver, Canada, in 6 January 1992. Diseases: Bronchitis, this guy has asthma?”
“Seems to be. When he gets mad or he gets scared, he has issues with breathing.” Abby answered.
“Ok…aaa, diagnosed with schizophrenia…bla bla bla…and…Depression. He suffers?”
“Well I believe so, if he stays locked in his room.”
“Whatever. He has a criminal record for driving without a license, hitting a woman and aggressing a police officer, fake identity. He decelerates that his name is Alex Milles, instead of Laurence Mill…” I read it, looking at Abby, who was smiling.
“See…he has even a criminal record. There doesn’t say but that car was stolen. He was under Alex’s effect. His friends, illusions of course, told him to do this.”
“So, end of project.” I said, closing the folder very pleased. “We can go home…”
“No we won’t! Until 4 August, we have to stay here. A month, don’t forget. We still have days to count.”
“But we cannot say that this case is resolved?”
“Damian, they know our case. They will not believe us. I am not allowed to find these things from my mom. If they will catch us, we can say good-bye to our future! Do you understand? We will stay here and pretend that we are still working.”
I remained silence. The joy of leavening passed me like came. But I still had a dose of happiness, considering that Abby remained with me.
“Helen is calling!” Abby said, answering her phone.
“Hello, Abby? My dear, Ms. Vanessa called. She wants to know how you’ree managing so far.”
“Aaaa, yeah, I’m managing very well. Tell her that I will send tonight the first part.”
“Ok sweetie, I will. Hugs and Kisses.”
“Bye”, Abby said very white.
“Are you alright?”
“Yes, my teacher called Helen. She wants some results. We already know everything. I have to write it down the part when we met our subject, made friends with him, and for the moment, we didn’t notice anything.”
“I am wondering when Mr. Bins will call me.”
“He won’t. He will take this notes which I will send.”
„Ok then. Good luck!”
Abby smiled and we started to drink our coffees before it will turn into ice. Was an irony, considering that outside the sun was already a fireball.
“What do you want to do today?” I asked.
“I told you, I have to see Lars.”
“Can I come with you? Promise this time I will talk more.” I said, didn’t want to seat all day in a hotel room.
“I’m sorry Damian. I will go alone, now that the project it’s done. Let’s enjoy our holiday.
The created monster in me, whispered that Abigail Woods was lying. I did not wish to listen much to this monster; otherwise, I would start a fight with her. I did not want to start believing that the girl is lying to me; I could not stand the lie.
We didn’t address a word from that discussion. We raised up from our table after drinking our coffees and we went on the road back to the hotel. Was already 2 pm. For the first time, from when I came in Greece, I wanted to make Laurence a visit. I really didn’t know why, but I wasn’t trusting her, especially him which admitted to me on the beach that he likes her.
“Look!” Abby made me open my eyes to see what she was shouting about.
She was pointing to a shop of clothes. No.
“Abigail, to…”
“You called me Abigail. Since when?” She told me, being easily shocked.
“Usually I call people on their full name.” I said without regrets.
“Until now you never called me on my full name. What’s wrong with you?”
She figured it out that I wasn’t myself today and somehow I was angry.
“Aw, I am terrible sorry that I called you on your full name. How silly of me.” I said ironically
“You know what? Just let it go!”
She turned around from me, but my inside monster came above.
“No. You let it go!”
“Excuse me?” She said, turning back.
“Yes, you heard me. I do not understand why you are lying to me. At least why you don’t tell me the truth that you have a date with Lars rather then saying that you meet him just like…to seat and gossip a little bit. Or he is gay and I didn’t know?”
“I don’t understand why you are frustrating yourself. After all, I signed in to the project for him! To study him…”
“Yea, but what studying it is requiring left when we know even what he eats for breakfast.”
“I care about him. I want to help him. A thing that you’ll never understand.”
She left me open-mouthed and she left me for good, breaking away.
“Abby! You don’t know what you are doing!” I yelled, but in vain. She didn’t turn around even with a look. I was jealous. I was banging of jealousy; I just wanted to run after her, to turn her face to me and to kiss her lips very sensual.
But of course that these things happened only in my mind, watching helpless how she was living me to meet the other one. What I was feeling in that moment? Tears, yes, the tears started to fall out from my brown, childish eyes, tears which I hate them. I did not stand to cry because of a person. I was too stupid that I cared. I turned away with a flea in mine’s ear and walked slowly with a pain in my soul.
Was already sunset and I was still walking on the streets, after I drank two glasses of vodka, being a little dizzy, I did not resist not to cry. Yea, yea, the typical thing for a man hurt in love, but I wanted to see the rest who makes remarks of it, how they would manage in a situation like this, knowing that you have a platonic love, and you want so desperately to transform it into a real one. Knowing that the person you love is with other one.
No…I wanted to forget, but how to do that. I was so anger at the thought that I have to endure a whole month without her affection. And in that moment I had no idea where the hell I was walking, but I enjoyed it. For real, I really liked it. I don’t know why, an image with them, being on the very-known terrace bar, the place where I liked to call our place, came into my mind. Our place. How sweet can sounds. And probably now, she was sharing with that handicap bastard, with rotten mind. I didn’t care if he was double then me. I didn’t care if he was champion at martial arts, I just wanted to drown him into the sea. So therefore I turned away back, and I knock down a girl, literally.
“Parakolouthiste ton tropo sas. Eisai trelos?”
“I am so sorry. I am…”
“You are stupid. And drunk.”
„Parakolouthiste ton tropo sas. Eisai trelos?”
„I am so sorry…I am…”
„You are stupid. And drunk.”
Jesus! I just wanted to grab her hair and…but I couldn’t hurt a girl, first rule learned from my mother and probably the last one, never hit a woman. I just made a face behind her and continued my way. I reached the Lion Square, I think in that way it is called, because in the middle was a Venetian fountain, with lions statues who were throw up water. How horrible I have described. Anyway, I make a bow at it, move along my way, making some people staring at me, and laugh.
“What are you looking at, Greeks?”
Me, the great lord of England, making way throw the square agglomeration and ended up in a dead end. I didn’t had no idea where was I. Clearly, I got lost.
What was my luck? Simple answer. A yellow car named taxi, therefore I got the first one which I’ve seen it, having only 30 euros in my pocket, I really didn’t care how much the taxi will cost me until my destination. I had a credit card too.
“Kalispera…At the Greek Corner, where is the seaport parakalou.”
“Kala my friend.”
I did not wish to discuss things with the driver, being already with my heart small like flee, because of that image, with both of them hugging, haunting my mind. I just wanted to make sore that I was crazy and not intuitive. The man was driving very slow, a thing, which was exasperating me; even a snail could walk much faster then us, the street being almost empty. He was taking me near the Venetian port --superb, very superb-- and finally he stops me near that bar terrace. I was very pale, being much near to pass out.
“How much costs?”
“5 Euros.”
Wasn’t much, after my expectations and my orientations, should have been 50 euros or much more. The geography and me. I get off the car, smashing unopposed his door, I could hear the driver swearing, and cursing me in Greek language, I didn’t care. I just wanted to make sure that…wasn’t there. Yes, they weren’t there.
I breathed easily at the thing that both of them weren’t loving each other on the porch and I smiled from the bottom of my heart, thanking God. How happy I could be because they weren’t there, but the intuition didn’t left me alone. Still was it saying to search, to fight with Laurence for Abby, and to put in the girl’s silky hands my heart. I ignored the intuition because was cheating me, it cheated me with the terrace bar, and therefore I just putted my hands in pockets and went to another cab with a large smile on my face. I get in one of them and I told the drive in Greek to take me at Blue Paradise Hotel. The driver approved, and then he started to talk in his own language about stuff that did not matter to me, well if I would understand them. If the drivers will caught that you are not from the town, they can trick you so easily. That is why I preferred to be Greek in those moments not to risk paying 100 euros for 2 m.
The Greek driver realized that I was not from his kin, because he asked me something and I continued to say yes.
“Where are you my friend?” He asked me, amused by the situation and by my yeses.
“United Kingdom.” I said somehow proud.
“Shut up! Really?”
“Aaaa…yes.”
“Cool. I have a sister and she works in Dublin.”
“Aaa,, Dublin is in Ireland, has nothing to do with England.”
“What? It’s not the capital of England?”
I was looking at him like an idiot.
“If Dublin is the England’s capital, then Dublin is the capital of which state?”
“London…of Scotland.”
No shit?
“I am Londoner. I came from London, which is the capital of the Grand Britain.”
“How many countries are there?”
“It’s just England! But formally is called The United Kingdom of Grand Britain and North Ireland.”
“So Ireland is a part of England?”
“No mate! Only the north. Dublin city is the capital of non British Ireland.”
“Then she lied to me! She said that it is located in England at Dublin.”
“She wasn’t lying; probably she has the same brilliant mind like you do.” I said with sarcasm.
“Thank you my friend.”
I looked at him. So Greece wasn’t aware of the British irony. He smiled at me, as if I just said he has a brilliant mind, talking seriously. Whatever, considering that for this driver The Dublin city replace London, then I was Chinese.
I checked my phone and saw that I had a message from Abby. With my heart located in my neck, I read it:
“Damian. We will talk tomorrow. Please, don’t start to look after me; I’m to upset to talk with you. Abby --NOT Abigail!--
I smiled at the parenthesis but I felt terrible. She did not want to talk with me because I upset her. Probably she was in her room, reading something or on the internet, and I was searching my mind for an image to see if it was real.
“We are here my friend.” The driver said with a happy smile.
I thank him, paid and get off from the car but suddenly I stood stiff.
Abby was getting off from a taxi, being testy. She goes in the hotel and I ran after trying so hard to catch her, even if she already told me to stay away and not disturb her. However, I never listen to an advice. Therefore, I entered the glass doors in time, because she was already in the elevator, preparing to leave to her room.
“Abby!”
She turned her face to me, easily scared.
“What you want Damian? Did you come to throw stones in me, again?”
From her voice, I could notice that she was more then upset on me.
“No Abby, I want to apologize…but seem to be that you don’t care!”
“To care about what Damian? I don’t understand a damn from what you’ree saying. You talk in riddles.”
“I am referring to your beloved Lars!”
“He’s not my beloved. Damian, we will talk tomorrow when you will be sober.” She said getting into the elevator. I didn’t dare to put my hand between the elevator’s doors but I start to ran on the stairs up and I arrived before her at the first floor.
“Damian, are you crazy?” She said to me, when she saw me standing straight at the elevator.
“Please Abby, listen to me!”
“No. You listen. Leave me alone. I am too mad at you.” She said while she was walking to her room door, and me stinking like a bur after her.
“What do you see on Laurence? Do you love him?”
“For your curiosity, yes, I care about him and I think we are much more then friends. And all that I’m asking you Damian is to not destroy our friendship.”
“So…for…for you I am just…a friend?” I said hurt.
“Of course. My best friend. I told you that we would be friends. But if you’ll not stop acting like an ass then we will be no more.”
“Ok. Good night Abby.”
“The same to you. Go up, calm down, rest and we will talk tomorrow.”
She said all this with her sweet smile and got in her room, while I was living, climbing the stairs slowly, and every step I felt it so hard to walk on. So was true. I do not have to search her true feeling anymore. I don’t have to look in every single seaport bars or in parks. Was hurting me so badly, and the monster within me was dyeing. Somehow was a good thing that my jealousy was passing away, disappearing from me. Still my heart was burn and my soul whipped by her words, which resonated in my head, like an echo:
”Why do you see Laurence? Do you love him?”
“For your curiosity, yes, I care about him and I think we are much more then friends. And all that I’m asking you Damian is to not destroy our friendship.”
We had a friendship. The truth is that I landed from the beginning in the friend zone, but I thought to myself that Abby will realize what feelings I have for her and now I looked like a jackass. And yes, I do not wish to destroy a friendship. It was gnawing inside me knowing that she just came from Laurence and the dyeing monster did not last long, helpless struggling.
Arrived in my room, more dead then alive, I slammed the door, putting myself down like a little child. I was crying, hurt me that I was ignored, throw away like a worthless paper, I really did not understood why, what I did wrong to be in her eyes just a simple mate? I do not want to find out the answer of my question, but an idea was growing in my mind. Only one person on this planet could help me.
Unseeing the phone because of the tears, I wiped my tears off and found it, dialing a number very well known. A chaotic voice answered.
“Sweetheart? God, I am so pleased that you called. Are you ok? How have you been?”
“Hello mother, yes I am…no, I am not ok. I want to talk with you about something.”
I squatted near the balcony door, feeling a breeze like a soft petting.
“What do you mean? What happened? Are you all right?”
“Mom, I want for you to tell me something very honestly. How was it…?”
“How was it what? Damian, are you crying? You scare me!”
“How was it mom…what did you feel…when my father died?”
After how was normal and how I expected, nothing I could hear, just a sigh.
“You know very well Damian that I do not wish to speak about this.”
“I know. But what you felt, I am feeling now for a person.”
“My dear, are you in love? Are you suffering out of love?”
“It is not a joy mother…what did you felt. I want you to help me.”
“Only you can help yourself my sweet, just try to forget her. Who is she?”
“My project partner. She is such a girl…rare you can met with. Beautiful, smart, but she is in love with someone else…she wants me just as a friend.”
Silence. My mother was thinking what to say to me, she was chousing the better words.
“My sweet, you have to understand a thing. It is not easy. Not like me, you still have a chance.”
“A chance to what?”
“The chance to say everything to her, the chance to let her see what feeling you have. Let her see the truth. Until is not too late.
I took a breath and I’d smiled soft, knowing that in those moments, my mother was on my side, no matter how naive she may be, I just have to admit that without her…She had enough problems all her life. My father, a very appreciate man by people, a man with esteem and respect, doctor by trade, ironically was killed by a illness which he was healing people by it, meaning heart failure.  His heart stopped beating in a night, where he had a argument with my mother -- at least she told me this thing, even if I remember something different, that he took his life away, none the less that I do not remember well--. I was pretty little and I don’t remember much, but from that on, my mother attach to me very strong, and what I know about her is that my mother, from that on, she fell in a long depression, that is why I don’t judge her. I don’t want to end up like that with Abby. In addition, for that, I have to get strong and have courage and to tell her what I feel, even if Laurence took her from me.
“My darling. Are you still there?”
“Yes mother. I will go to sleep. Thank you for your advice, I love you.”
“I love you too. Good luck.”
I closed the phone, crying even much harder then before. I felt so much pain for this and having so much spite. I throw the phone on the other side of my hotel room, taking a place on the cold floor, and suffering. I felt that I was choking in my pain, but what could I do. Only to consume myself. I didn’t have experience to cope these things, so that beside to suffer, I did not know what to do. God, please help me!
I was located in a sort of a labyrinth, with lots of doors beside me and I could hear horse tramping, somewhere. I looked behind my back, terrified, not knowing who or what was there. The terror started to conquer me and I started to run. After a turning, I saw Abby crying, bleeding.
“Abby! Abby!”
Seemed to be that she was not aware of my presence there, she could not hear me, because she did not react. I felt in my knee next to her, and I pushed aside a hair strand over her beautiful face. I groan when I saw her left bruised left eye, and a cut on her face suggested me that someone brutalized her.
“D…Dam…Damian” she hummed, strongly shaking.
“I’m hear, my love! I’m here!”
“Why? Why did you have to go?”
“No! I’m here.”
She even did not hear me. I grab her in my arms but she was still shaking and calling me.
Those sounds of hooves got closer to my ears, and when I looked up, I saw a creature…with a bullhead and a body of a man.
“Damian! Let her go. She wanted this!”
His voice was very familiar to me. Despite of the Greek legends, the Minotaur was hidden in a labyrinth so no one can see him. A labyrinth created by Daedalus and with his son Icarus, they escaped from the labyrinth by flying, but how everybody knows Icarus felt in the sea because of not listening to his father. But that Minotaur was very familiar to me.
“What do you want?” I shouted to him, even if the monster was triple big then I.
“I want for you to let her go. She wanted this. She loves me. Now she has to pay the price.
“I love her to much to leave her here.”
“You will still leave. She will stay with me.”
In that moment, the Minotaur hit me, throwing me away. He got closer to Abby and with a stroke…
I woke up. I heard a soft zoom on the floor. I realized that I was dreaming and I started to breath easily. I felt my face heavy from so much crying, and my back was hurting. I approached the phone and I saw that I had a message from my mother:
”My dear, tell her what you feel until it is too late.”
Chapter V- 
Why should I care?
The days were passing by the calendar, and I preferred to not discus any more with no one and to literally seat in my hotel room and to not give a damn about her, Abby. Seemed to be that even she didn’t looked for me, and if I am not mistaken I know that the next day after that night, she knocked on my door, sent me messages to go shopping with her, but only that. I did not want it at all. I went to the breakfast with an impassible face, didn’t said hi to no one and I took a plate getting some eggs with bacon, after that I took place to a table, quietly like I came. I did not saw Abby at the breakfast and for that, I was relieved. I really wanted to forget her. Even if my mother was somehow right in some points, to tell her what I feel inside, I really didn’t want to do this and why? To be an open book for her and after that to burn me down?
I knew that the situation would not change a bit if I will tell her that I love her, because she still loved Laurence and I wondered if that individual could transform himself in Alex, like werewolves, but something is telling me that he can do it. They were happy together and who am I to ruin their happiness? But from when the science men mate with their lab mice? Like in Abby’s case, she knows everything about him…and still. Whatever, if I would not see her in my eyes, so much the better, because she could wake my inside monster. I will not more go alone on the Greek streets or to force my poor stomach to accept alcoholic drinks, just because I am to damn stupid to accept the reality sober. But I didn’t know why, this time I could stay calm and eat like that as well. A new thing came into picture. I talked with Mr. Bins, and he told me that Abigail Woods lied with the all month staying. Once the project it’s done, I can return home. I was happy; I can go to Grand Britain, home, where is the best place on earth. There is where my clumsy mother lives and a dog named Dingo and a noisy neighbor, who has a fight with herself over past 10 years from now --in stead of coming in Greece to study a schizophrenic, I could easily study her-- of course I am joking, honestly I just wanted to go home. To forget that I was in Greece, but only one thing I wanted to do here, and that is to visit the famous palace from Knossos, where it says that under it is the Minotaur’s labyrinth. After that, I will fly off the island. Not like Icarus but with a plain. Let’s be honest, we are in 21’s century. Anyway, I left the restaurant thinking to go in my room and to take a shower and after that to talk with the receptionist about the busses for Knossos. To prepare my photo camera, even if it stood still all this time in a drawer. Therefore, I got up from my table and exit the hotel’s restaurant, satiated. What I loved the most about the mornings in that hotel was the coffee. The Frappe. How good was to drink that cold coffee with ice, and staying relaxed on a chair, or even in my beautiful room balcony, watching the blue sea and feeling the soft breeze. I was heading towards the elevator, going slightly. I pushed the button waiting for it to come down, and the after that the doors opened and I got in, observing my face in the mirror, as I used to know it. The mirror’s reflection smiled at me, and I got out with that smile on my face, playing with my key.
“Damian!”
A much known voice called my name very sharp. I didn’t want to turn around to see who called me, continuing what I started, namely to get in my room. When I managed to open my door and to put a step in, the voice started again to call my name.
“Damian, please. Damian! Please, open the door.” Said the voice, knocking on the door. I stood with my front head on the door, unwilling to go back in the past.
“Damian, I know you can hear me. I want to talk with you. Damian?”
I couldn’t ignore the voice; therefore I opened the door, looking at her white slippers.
“Damian…I want…I want to apologize for the past days. I know I was very callous.”
“Ok.” I said sharp and when I tried to close the door, she blocked it with her foot.
“Not so fast Damian. Just listen. Please stop being so stubborn. We need to talk.”
“About what?” I avoided looking in her eyes, fearing that she could charm me again, even if her voice gave me creeps.
“I know you hate me, but I will not let you to ignore me again. We need to talk. Please, let’s just go to our place.”
“It’s not our place anymore, since you spoiled it with Laurence.”
“Ok then…let’s go outside.”
“No. Come in.”
I stepped away from the entrance letting her in, and I keep my breath to not smell her perfume again. She took a seat on my bed, looking at me.
“Do you want something to drink?” I asked her.
“Water, please.”
I took a clean glass and pouring water in it, giving then to her. For the first time, since she came to my door, I watched her. She was weakened, pale, and that something beautiful disappeared. She was as if she had an illness. I took a chair, putting myself on. I was proud that I stopped listen to my heart.
“Damian…”
“Yes Abby.”
She looked down to her knees, thinking what to say. Even if I, somehow, had an intuition what will be next.
“I know I was, somehow rough…but I don’t…I don’t want to break out. Like friends.”
“Abby, I…”
“No, please, just listen…I care about you to much to let you go away. I will not let you to do this to me. You’re…”
“I’m an ass, that’s who I am! I am an idiot because I let myself away with the flood, because I was jealous. That I…looked into your eyes different.”
Silence came between us. Abby looked at me almost crying, I just looked back at her with no reaction. What could I say? Somehow I wanted so bad to disburden my mind, to tell her everything I had in mind, but my method of giving away my thoughts was to harsh and no matter what she did to me, I couldn’t do this.
“I am an ass, because I had to keep just a fellowship with you, friendship, but it seems to be that everything is mess up.”
“Why are you saying this, Damian?”
“Anyway, I no more matter in this business. By the way, how is going with Laurence?”
Abby bowed her look again.
“Well…we had a little fight.”
“Why?”
“I saw Alex last night, for the first time.”
I got surprised.
“And? Are you ok? Did he hurt you?”
“What? Ah no. He didn’t hurt me.”
“Why are you lying to me Abby?”
She remained shocked. Unfortunately, for her, she didn’t manage to hide a bruise on her face. And wasn’t the only lie she has ever told me. I got up from my chair, and squatting near her. She looked at me lost and shocked.
“This Abby, gives you away.” I said, touching her bruise gentle. She puts quickly her hand trying to hide the bruise. I got up from her and took back my seat on the chair, same as I was before, impassible.
“And it’s not the only lie Abby.”
“What…what do you mean by that?”
“Simple. I talked with my teacher, Mr. Bines, and he told me the truth. First Abby, when we finished here and collected all the information about our subject, and we have 20 pages of our project, then we can return home. But you lied, telling me a bunch of craps that I have to stay here a bloody month. My question is; why?”
“And it’s not the only lie. Is one more, and has the same answer as the first one.”
I looked at her amazed.
“And that is?”
„When you tried to run away, when I stopped you. The next day after you came here. I lied. You wouldn’t possible ruin me, only yourself. I could continue alone the project.”
I remained speechless, but I tried so hard to keep my calm and of course the careless mood. Abby was with her eyes on the floor, but she raised them up on me, with them swimming in tears.
“The answer to the both lies is: I didn’t want you to go! I didn’t want to be alone here.”
“You are so selfish”
“Is not about selfishness Damian, only that I care about you, I just wanted for us to spend at least a month together.”
I didn’t said a word, just sighting.
“Abby…I want to be alone.”
She complied and got up, heading to the door.
“Abby” I said, making her turn around to me, pretty fast.
“I love you.”
She just stood still, not knowing what to say.
“Me too.”
“What?”
“Bye Damian.”
How I had expected, she left leaving me again with a sorrow in my soul. And her…but she didn’t want to say that words, fearing Laurence. Not because he can harm her, but because she loves him. Even then I couldn’t understood what was going on between them, seemed to be that Abby burned herself for the first time ever, meeting Alex. I warned her about this, but in the end, why should she listen to me? She cares about our friendship and not…
I got up from the chair and went softly in the balcony, watching the beautiful sea. Even if is paradise here, I couldn’t stay two weeks more, just for Abby’s sake. Why should I make her this favor, considering that she was hiding the truth from me and she didn’t care less if I had problems. Therefore, no thank you. Better for me. I was just to scare of suffering again, to dream her at night or to take my mind off her being with Laurence in the moments when I couldn’t resist missing her. A girl, no matter how perfect she may look, it is better to see the reality. And that I was trying to do, to see beyond the appearance of the situation where I was in. The evening came slowly, and Abby didn’t came to my door. I thought automatically that she was with Laurence. I took a seat on the bed and on a piece of white paper I started to write. Anyway I wrote down my sorrow, which my mother advice me to do, but I wonder how much she could care about this?
I was writing without stopping, spreading words on that paper, thoughts that tortured me all this time, imagining Abby in my face, revealing to her even my little feeling for her. I smiled while I was writing, because was somehow ridiculous, meaning that even so I don’t had the courage to catch her and say every thing, I preferred to shut up and to hide myself or to make a scene, typical me. Somehow was a quietism, writing that note, I was like myself transposing on the white paper. I signed at the end and I got up, walking slowly in my room with the paper in my hand, reading repeatedly to make shore that I wrote everything I had to and of course correct. I did not want to leave her the paper with mistakes, to remain for her a hilarious memory. I raked about for an envelope, in one of the drawers. I write on it legible ”For Abigail Woods” and after that, I made a smile face right next. It’s much funnier when childish outside seemed, but then again the essence can destroy her or who knows, to not wake her up nothing, to laugh inside, how fool I was. But I didn’t care. After all, why should I?
I went into the balcony to watch again the enchanting sea, which charmed me even from the beginning. I took a deep breath, closing my eyes. I was so sorry but I had to do it, for my sake, for hers as well. I opened my eyes saying:
“You were the only thing from here that alleviated me. You were my dear friend and hugged me when I was sad.”
Chapter VI- 
A brilliant mind, a weak soul 
Abby W.
I open my eyes suddenly, with a strange feeling of loneliness. I throw my looks at my watch, from the desk and saw that was only 11 a.m. Of course, I had to buy something from a fast food, considering that I wasn’t at the breakfast. I got up slowly from the bed, like I was sick or something and go lazily to the bathroom. I wash my face with cold water for stretching it and I looked in the mirror, seeing a long face and softly pale, with a mark of concern at that time. I wonder what happened because my intuition is…Whatever, I really didn’t want to listen to my inner self to much, because I divined that wasn’t a good omen. Therefore, I unbind my tress and start to comb my hair, grimacing my face sometimes, even if I refused to cut it and have short one. All the time I was fascinating about my mother’s long hair, even if mine’s wasn’t that long like hers, I had to take care of it like 5 hours per day, I just preferred to have it long enough to not kill my free time. After I mastered it, I put my blue fillet and get back into the room, being in pajamas. I took my white t-shirt and the short blue jeans, even if the shirt was airy, the jeans were killing me, and clearly was not recommended to get out in them on the heats, but what to do, I always was a rebel into breaking the ethic in pieces and of course, what is “normal” for everybody. I had that gift to attract troubles. I took my black purse and I searched in it, taking in my hand wrappings and throw them in the garbage. Speaking of devil, someone has to take it away. I looked on the window straight in the parking lot and I didn’t saw nothing unusual. Same street, same cars and of course Helen’s car which stand out by how was parked. I smile, but still my intuition did not left me alone. I had to calm down otherwise I could end up making disasters. But the intuition had something with Damian. Only his image pops-into my head, like he had something to say to me, althoughgh honestly I didn’t wish to stay and chat with him no longer, considering his attitude. I don’t want to be the bad guy, but I don’t think was convenient to talk with him and to wake up that he starts to scream at me, accusing me for my lack of intelligence, just because I am with Laurence. Anyway, I need to speak with him to see how he is. Like I said, my mind doesn’t leave me alone. So I took my purse and I left my room through the door, closing automatically by its self. But I sat a little scared, while I the elevator came, checking if I had the keys on me, to not wake up climbing the hotel to my room, on the always open window. I love the breeze how it tickles me. I enter the elevator but got off fast. Better for me if I will not go to the reception first but to make a visit to mister sulky Jones. So I get off from the elevator, before the doors would smash me and the cleaning women to find me there, half cut with my mouth opened. I climbed fast the stairs to the next floor having this sort of red mocheta --Clearly I want this type of mocheta when I will have my own house-- and arriving finally to room no. 23. I knocked softly on the door, waiting bored but no answer. I put more strength in the knocking thing, this time harder then I expected to do with my feast, but same no answer. Maybe he took a pick on the vizor and saw who it was, he went back to bed. I stood still thinking at what is the worst. Maybe he took a walk or maybe he doesn’t want to open the door for me. Even if the second thought was much plauzibil for me, I gave up and called him, while I went straight to the reception. He didn’t even answer the freaking phone, weird. Arrived to the reception, I looked in the left and into the right, like I waited Damian to arise from somewhere or someone please to tell me what is going on with him, because I started to worry.
“Abby, so glad that I catch you!”
Helen started to get closer to me, with her blue and old fashion high hills. I didn’t understand why in the word she would wear hills when outside was a deathly heat. But I didn’t said nothing, trying to look at her face with over makeup.
“My dear…I have something for you.”
“Hey Helen, what is it? It’s something wrong?”
“Yeah.” She said serious, handing me a white envelope.
“This is for you.”
I incrunt and turn the envelope to the other side, sawing an elegant, beautiful writing, and right next to it was a smiley face.
”For Abby”
Even if I knew Helen was dying to find out what was in the envelope, I thanked her, as if I said that she could go.
“Listen Helen, what you know about Damian?”
“Well…”
She looks in another direction. I was already white as a piece of paper.
“Well?”
“Damian handed over his room key this morning.”
“W…what? He left?”
I was so shocked. Not again, why I always have to find out details from Helen? I was very shocked. I turn white and my knee started to shake; in that moments I felt a left over, abandoned, lost. How could he leave? I did not understand.
“Abby, are you ok?” Helen asked me.
“Yeah. I will go to take a walk…fresh air.”
So off I go from the hotel outside, starting to cry. While I was walking down the street, with my purse in a hand and the envelope in the other hand, I cried so much that I didn’t saw nothing where I was going, even if the people around me started to stare curious at me. I thought to go the seaport, maybe this time I will catch him again there. I refused to accept this thing; he couldn’t go and to left me alone. He was the only person on that island in which I put faith. That type of person which listen to you, to free yourself from thoughts and ideas and I tried so hard to keep him on the island, considering that the idea to leave Crete, knocked his mind from the moment he step the first foot in the Greek land. The seaport. I was more then shocked. No ferryboats were. I cobor the stairs, jumping them, and ran onto the port how much I could, praying without stopping to find him there, to see him with his luggage, waiting the ferryboat to Athens. Arrived there, first I went to the casa de bilere.
“H…hello” I managed to say, from running.
“Kalimera.”
“I want to know if the ferry to Athens already left.”
“Yes my friend, left two hours ago. The next one will be only evening.”
I remained a statue, feeling the world spinning around, wasn’t possible.
“Are you sure?” I asked her.
“Yes.”
Was clear. I made room to a man to take his tickets, and I put my hands on my head. He left, this time he really left and left me on the island. I couldn’t say to no one my plan with Laurence beside him, Damian Jones, in which I had the most powerful faith. But seemed to be that he couldn’t stand Lars and because he find out the truth from Mr. Bines, he washed his hands and…
I felt guilt because of his living; I exit the port, and went to our terrace. I just wanted to scream, that how much angry I was, still trying to call him but he still didn’t answer. I wasn’t surprised, probably he left for good, wanting to forget everything; in that moment I was curious to read his envelope, and probably I would find out curses special for me and for Laurence. I smiled to the waiter and he smiled back, watching me with interest. I took a seat to a table, without vlaga, and took off from my purse a little mirror. I icnet when I saw my makeup was all over my face because of crying; now I found the answer why people stared at me. They saw me in the hell I was, so I took off quickly my demachiant and started to use it on my face.
“Do you want something?” Said the waiter, scaring me.
“A…a coffee please.”
He smiled again, probably having fun on me, but I was to preoccupy with my face. After all my mascara was gone, I started to put a new and fresh makeup, being careful too not ruin again.
I put them back in my purse and sighed, taking the envelope. Feeling it cold but in the same time so familiar. I watched the sea.
“Damian. Why did you do this?”
I opened the envelope, being very curious and started to read it:
”My dear Abby.
Trust me that I stay right now with my pen over this paper and I really do not know what possible should I write down, even if what I feel, what I think or even what I speak could not be written, so this letter to you would be a trying.
Now probably you are sitting and wonder why I did this, why I decided to leave, for the second time. The answer is very simple: You. You because I know I did not had the chance to express my love to you, and probably you would burn my feelings if you would find out about them. I am happy that I have an intellectual American friend, beautiful, who do not put herself to the first place from the rest of the world, believe me you are a rare example of this type, and this words are coming from a boy without experience in the world of friendship and love, but what is the most beautiful beside truth? That honesty. Maybe it is my fault, that I did not told you from the beginning what I feel for you, but I consider that this way it is the best, Abby. You are much happier with Laurence then with me, I know that, I can read this on your face when you speak of him, and with me…what is left? I could not stand the idea of us being just simple friends from the moment I liked you so much, from the moment I wished so bad for us to be together, at least to have a chance to know that wonderful and mysterious feeling for me. Love. I love you, it is true, but the pain to know you belonging to someone else, kills me. Probably know when you are reading these words are laughing or not taking serious what I say, but it is true. I was in love with you, with your angelic face, with your sweat perfume, which dizzy me all the time…but…
Anyway, I just have one rugaminte. Please be careful with Laurence, and I am not saying this because I am jealous or something, but because of him, you know what I am talking about, the illness. Do not forget that he hits you! And he will do this again with the help from Alex. Try to go home fast, everything is set, our project it is ok, and our secret I will carry with me into the grave. Be calm.
Yours: Damian E.J.
P.S.: I hope that the blonde bimbo, Helen, did not read this. The sigil I hope was at his place. If you are Helen who reads this, I have something to say to you: Go to Hell!”
I start to laugh at the last sentence, but felt much horrible then I was a minute before, when I was sad that he left. I could not believe the fact that he care too much about me not because he saw me like a sister but much more then that. Yes, I loved him, but I was too in love with Laurence, and Damian somehow disappeared from my mind. Again, my tears start to flow. Quick, I clean myself fearing my mascara will die. Sorb coffee and throw my look again towards the sea. If I knew…But…How many neputincioase things and I realized that only after I loose something, someone, I appreciate the most. My thoughts were that everybody goes throw this, meaning that after they loose the realize something like in my case. After all I lost a precious friend because of my stubbornness, because of the love I have for Lars, even if the love word is to much saying. I sat on my chair and playing with the little spoon in my coffee, watching in gol. I really didn’t know how to react, I was sad of course, mad on him that he left without saying goodbye. Only in a poor letter, but the letter of his was too much to ask, considering that he wrote it with honestly, with everything he thought, felt for me, and I was too blind to see something.
I got up, leaving my half drank coffee and get out from the terrace, thinking to go back to the hotel to take a fresh shower. The phone started to ring and I answer it fast, thought that was Damian.
“Hello?”
“Hey sweetie, how are you?”
“Ah. Lars, hey. Nothing special, I…just went with Damian to the ferry.” I lied
“Really? He left?”
“Yes.”
“To bad. I really wanted for all of us to go somewhere in a beautiful village tonight in the mountains. Is Saturday and my parent’s best friend invited us to her place. At least you’ll come, right?”
“Yes, I think so. At what time you’ll be here?”
“Now it’s 1 pm, but at the evening love, like 7. Ok?”
“Ok Lars, I have to go now.”
“Good. Hugs and sweet kisses for you. Miss you.”
I hang the phone, not wanting to stay and chat with Laurence about my mind absence in that moment. I started to think that Lars was happy that Damian left, of course I exaggerated because Laurence all the time talked about Damian with respect and some admiration about him, plus that Lars invited Damian at his place so many times, even if he refused the invitations.
I arrived at the hotel, most precisely to my room, which seemed so empty, knowing that someone left from this hotel. But really what can I do when I knew that I was left alone in the Greek’s world, abandoned by my only safe source. Yes, I was mad and furious about him.
Laurence was always beside me but not spiritual, meaning the fact that I cannot discuss everything with him. For example, why I was truly in Greece, what was my goal and I know that he wouldn’t  react with a smile on his face if he would find the truth. Damian’s words were playing in my head, making a sentence:
”Do you think that the scientists are sleeping with their lab mice?”
So weird. Point number one is that I never had sexual relationship with him, even if he proposed this thing to me. I do not want my relationship with him to cross to another level, at a high level in which would be possible for me to run away, I would make the biggest mistake ever. After all, I wanted to know Lars much better, to get deeper and deeper into his mind, to find out exactly the source of his illness and try to reduce it, althoughgh one night because of me, Alex came above. I was too curious about him, and who said: Be careful what you wish for, was right. I remember so perfect that day.
Like usual and irrevocably, I was late with everything. Laurence promised me that he will take me out for a romantic dinner, and me like a girl who respects herself, I had to look impeccable. I had a flowing blue dress. The jewelries having thee same color like my dress, my hair in curls, falling elegant on my empty shoulders. I couldn’t appear with no make-up on my face, or to not smell fresh as the spring. I tried my luck with some pairs of high hills, borrow them from Helen. I really don’t get it how that woman could move in those killing feet, especially on the streets of Greece, I could easily kill myself on them, but tonight I have to look perfect. I prayed to not meet with Damian on my way to the hotel’s entrance. I was so sure that he would get upset again and he will lock himself in without speaking to no one. I knew that he couldn’t stand Laurence, and I came with his medical files to save Damian’s ass to work on this case. Anyway, I was sorry for doing that, because he wouldn’t go away. Coming back to the story from the past, I went down to the reception and called Laurence:
“Hey, where are you? I’m ready.”
“I’m in the front of your hotel. If you are that beautiful dressed in blue girl, then I have to tell that I will cheat you with her.”
I laughed, going out in the night’s chill from Crete, and I’ve seen him smiling, seating on his expensive and silvery car. He was too dressed elegant, in a black suite, and his perfume got me crazy, stunning my senses.
“From where did you steal that?” I ask curious, knowing that he didn’t have his personal car. I even didn’t know that he drives.
“Well, I borrow it from my dad.”
“And he knows about this?”
“Of course. He works in the army; I think you will not want for him to chase us with tanks, do you?”
I laugh and kiss him softly.
“I like you so much.” He said so charming.
He gave me a kiss on my cheek, and then opens the car door, like a gentleman. I watched on the left and on the right very carefully.
“What you are looking at?”
“Helen. I don’t want for her to see me.”
“Your fitness teacher? You are not allowed or?
“Something like that.”
I got in, and put on my seat belt. I didn’t like lying, but I don’t have a choice. How would be if I will tell him the truth? Well you know, I look after Damian to not see me with you. Why? Laurence smiled at me and started the car. I watched him how he drove cautious. He was so dear to me and he looked so well in the suit.
“So…”
I look at him curious.
“So what?”
“I really suck at romantic things, but I wanted to make a special night just for two of us.”
I smiled and stopped at the red light. He puts his hand on mines and looks directly into my eyes, making me blush.
“Abby, I really like you a lot. And…You are the only person who understands me, especially what I am.”
I didn’t say anything. Somehow, I wanted to cry, to get out from the car and to run back to the hotel. I was making a huge mistake, letting him love me, thinking that I care about him just because I wanted to help him, to discover the source and to put an end to it. I was making mess trying to clean up. The lights turned green and off we go.
“You know Abby, I don’t know, with you I feel much myself. I feel so good.”
Silence. I was looking on the window, wanting to break it because of the anger, with my stupid head. I was a totally bitch, because he puts hope in me, nadejde even his warm heart in my arms and I wasn’t even honest with him. I had the impulse to apuc his neck and to yell at him:
”You fool, you are my cobai, and you didn’t get it?”
And then to wait in silence untill Alex arrives to kill me, I deserved it. Damian was right about this. The silence was broked by him.
“You know. It’s something with me that I don’t think you’ll going to like when you’ll find out.”
I turned to him. Was he telling me his ill?
“What you’ree talking about?” I played dumb.
“It’s complicated. I have a part of me not ok.”
“Lars, I think everybody has a dark side.”
“Yeah but not like me.”
“I don’t get it.”
“This is the point. And if I would tell you, probably you would freak out and you would run away from me. And trust me, this is the last thing I want to do.”
In his masculine voice, I could distinguish some fear. I knew that he didn’t lie to me, and even if he would told me the truth I had to pretend amazed, considering that I already knew what it’s all about “Lars, if you don’t want to tell me, it’s fine. When you’ll be ready then…”
“Maybe I will never be ready. I don’t know what to say Abby; I like you to much to loose you.”
“Gosh Lars, how bad can it be? Do you have a disease or something? Do you have AIDS, or what? Leukemia?” I started to act.
He laughed.
“God no. It’s complicated.”
I kept silent, so as him. He steered the wheel to the left and parked slowly the car on some rocks, stopping the engine. In our eyes you could see the Aegean sea, softly disturbed, and above the foaming water set the shiny moon.
“We’re here.” He said happily.
I realized that wasn’t a single building around, nothing like.
“Lars, where did you take me?” I asked easily scared.
“Hey!” He said, taking my face in his hands. “ Don’t worry, I will never harm you.”
Then he kissed me with passion, taking my fears from my shoulders. I had a lot of faith in him and I knew that he was honest in every single word he says. We took off our seat belts and get out. The sea breeze was playing in my hair.
“Nice place Lars. To bad you didn’t tell me that the restaurant was invisible.”
He laughed.
“Did I say restaurant? I said that I will bring you to a special place to dinner.”
“Yeah, sorry. I am stupid that I understood something else.”
“Come on, don’t be bad with you.”
He came to me, kissing my hand and together, like two lovers, we went down on some wood stairs. Like a idiot I had high hills, to stand out in his eyes and that mask I had to bring it off, considering that was sand everywhere. So I took my hills off, and Laurence took his shoes off too holding them in his left hand and together we step barefoot on the soft and cold sand. Was so good to feel it between my toes. Laurence turn towards me.
“What’s wrong?”
“Nothing. Turn around please, trust me.”
“O…k.”
I wasn’t shore what he wanted to do, but I agreed, turning my back to him.
“Please, close your eyes.” He whispered, giving me chills.
I followed his instructions and woke up blindfold.
“Lars…what are you doing?”
“Hush. Please, trust me Abby.”
“Ok.”
I couldn’t do anything, I trusted him, but on some dark bitch with a guy easy crazy, the trusting could be measure. But I let myself away, even if from my astrological sign I had to weight the situation --yes, I was Libra-- I had to trust a Taurus.
He took my hand and I started to walk, holding my hills so strong like a grenade, if I would feel the salty sea or some pain, to use them as a launcher. I could hear his breath, somehow accelerated, the sea, which was breaking the waves to the beach.
We stopped. My heart was exploding because of the emotions, but not in the good way of the word, I was skeptical. I was expecting by the minute to be thrown on the settle to eat some sand, my clothes being ripped apart.
“We are here beloved.”
I felt my eyes free and my first looks were two white lounge chairs, a flaming torch. Between the chairs was a little table made of wood, on it being some beautiful candles, and down at the table was a bottle of wine in a bucket full of ice. On the table, I could see two plates with spaghetti, looking yummy.
I remained very surprised with my mouth opened, literally.
“Do you like it?” Lars asked me, even him being nervous by the way he was rubbing his hands.
“If…I like it? Wow Laurence…how…”
The words were refusing to come out, so I pleased my self only to jump in the air and to give him a warm hug, thanking him with a sweet and passionate kiss.
“Did you made all this?”
“Yes. I made it for us. You told me that you are a romantic type of person, and you prefer to eat in the nature, than in a fancy restaurant with others watching you.”
“I said that somehow in a joke mode, but wow, you left me speechless. You are so sweet. Thank you.”
I couldn’t believe my own eyes. Never, but never, a boy wasn’t romantic with me, especially to have sort of a picnic on the beach by night time. I was shocked to discover that a good thing can happen even to me in life. The only romantic thing, if I can say this, happened once to me was back in high school, when my ex boyfriend, Dean, thought to have a picnic on the roof of his house. I was not surprised when I found out that he had a sexual fantasy there. Lars took my hand softly and drove me to the lounge chairs, taking a seat.
“Ah…I forgot,” He said, making me curious.
From his chair, even if I didn’t see, took a buchet of white beautiful roses.
“Wow…Lars, you are…the sweetest boyfriend.”
He was happy by my reaction and I was this close to explode because of the enthusiasm. He got closer to me, and handed the roses to me.
“Abigail Woods. I love you very much.”
He was serious and honest. He looked into my eyes, making me wanting him more and more.
“I love you too, Laurence Mill.”
He kissed me again, mangaindu-mi softly my chicks, was so divine. He smiled then he took a seat back to his chair.
“I hope that you are hungry”
“Yes. I didn’t eat anything, just to eat with you tonight.”
“Good appetite, then.”
“Same. Thanks.”
I had to admit that that spaghetti was wonderful.
“Where did you buy them?” I asked.
“What, you don’t like them?”
“Of course. They are delicious, that’s why I ask.”
“I made them.”
Again, I remained a little dizzy.
“You know how to cook?”
“Yes”
“Wow, my congrats Mr. chef.”
“Thank you. Abby, I want to know more about you. How it’s Abigail Woods home. Friends, at what time she goes to sleep or she wakes up, what movie she watches…everything. You are a part of me now, and I want to know you.”
He was so sweet that I couldn’t refuse him. I smiled, while I was eating slowly. He took the bottle of red wine and open it, pouring in glasses.
“Lars, you are the driver.”
“Not for tonight.”
“You want for us to stay here all night?”
“Yes.”
“But…Here its no mans land. I’ve seen a sign in which says something like private propriety.”
“Why are you making so much worries, Abby? Instead of enjoying the moment…For your sake, I rent this place for us tonight.”
Could I repeat the word, amazed? I couldn’t find more synonyms for this word, I was over the amazed what he done for me…He was a divine boy, very rare this type. I should send a letter to my teacher with many thanks because she sent me in Greece.
“What you want to know?” I asked him, drinking from the wine.
“Everything. For example, how was your first kiss?”
“Do you really want to know that?”
“Of course I do. That’s why I asked.”
“Ok. Well it happened to me in the first year of high school. Like everyone. I received a note in my locker, saying something like, I’ll wait you in the gym class after school. I didn’t know who sent me that note so I went very curious in the gym class, and when I saw the person who sent that note, I remained stoned. Was the most popular guy in the school. He got closer to me, he told me that he likes me and the of course, he kissed me.
“Just like that?”
“Yeah. Just like that. But after that I found out that he just wanted to sleep with me.”
Laurence started to laugh and me after him.
“And he founded you. Poor boy.”
“Yeah. He had something…so. Ok, I had my time of humiliation, now your turn.”
“To tell you what? He said, with a sneaky smile on his face.
“How was your first one?”
“Let me think. I had so many girls in my life, that I don’t have enough fingers to count them.”
I raised my eyebrows, but left them down when I saw that he was laughing.
“You really believed me, right? No, I had just two girlfriends. With my ex one I had my first real kiss.”
“Hold on. You’ree telling me that I’m the second one?”
“Yes. Abby, I’m that kind of guy who doesn’t like to pass to a girl then next to the other. I had a lot of proposes but I just refused them polite. I prefer to have a good one for the rest of my life. I cannot love that easily other person.”
I smiled, looking at my wine glass, but I raised my eyes when Lars started again to speak.
“How was it…hmmm, pretty funny. Even if I’m a guy who loves sports, to be in shape all the time, and because of this I always give the impression to the others that I’m an arrogant piece of ass, but it not true. I’m old school. Same at me happened, was in junior year of high school. I was in Vancouver, Canada and I was seating to a table in the library, writing from a book for a school project, and suddenly I wake up with a note thrown in my face. I take it, open it and read it: I heard that you’ree looking for a school project partner, I don’t have one either.”
In that moment, I looked around to see from which was the note, and then I saw her. Her blue eyes, short and black hair; wearing a little bow…I fall in love at the first sight. Then were days when we worked together at the project. In one of the mornings, she told me that she cannot longer pretend, and she kissed me.”
“And she was the first?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t want to be leaky, but how did you broke up with her?”
He sighed then looked away.
“She died.”
Without knowing, my glass fell from my hand. Laurence giggled and handed me another one.
“You are so clumsy.”
I smiled to him, but more retained. The shock that his ex girlfriend died causes his condition. Probably he closed itself and Alex came to hunt. I felt sorry for him, somehow it remained me about Damian, considering that he was silent, and wasn’t so far from schizophrenia.
“Yeah, I know. I am so sorry Lars.”
“Why?”
“For what you’ve been throw. I really wouldn’t know how to react if I was you.”
“Don’t worry. It has been a while, even if somehow, maybe it’s seems ridiculous to you but I see her in you. Both of you have the same beauty inside, same smile which drives me nuts. I’m happy.
I wonder if I was the one who could erase his ill.
“Thank you. I don’t know what to say.” I said clumsy. I really didn’t know what to say to him, fearing to know make it worse the situation.
He takes the wine bottle and pours in my glass. I drink a little, and felt how the blood was rushing.
“Laurence. Can I ask you something?”
“Sore.”
“Did you close yourself after she died?”
He looked at me, very serious but with a little smile on his face.
“Yes. My parents wanted me to go to a shrink or to talk with someone, but I refused it. I just wanted to be in my one world.”
I smiled.
“Do you know if here it’s a toilette or something? Or I have to swim a little?” I said, making him laugh.
“It’s one there.” He said, pointing me the direction. “It’s with blue or something like that. You will see in English the toilette sign.”
“Ok. Be right back.”
Probably was a public bath, but I really needed one, especially that I drank wine and the sea was making everything worse. Was like when you want to go to bathroom and you hear the flowing water. I got up slowly and passed near Laurence. He stopped me, pulling me down, kissing me.
“Don’t be late, ok?”
“What you think I will do there. Sleeping?”
We laughed together and then I went straight to the toilette with y little purse. Was pretty far, but I just loved to walk on the soft sand. In my head were spinning many things. Was not surprising the illness, which he had and I really did not want to know what was in his hurt soul. Probably in his place, I would go crazy, or who knows what I was capable of doing. Was a little hut, I got in and was indeed a bath with mirrors and toilets. I looked myself into the mirror and noticed that I was all red. I went to the toilette and took a seat on. I thoughgh to myself that was a bad idea, trying to meet Alex, considering that Laurence was very cautious about it. And he was trying to stop him coming above, but I was to damn curious about him, thirsty of knowing. This thing I loved the most for my future job, to meet people, which doesn’t have a connection with the reality, to study them all over. I went out from the toilette cabin, washing my hands. I took out the red lipstick from my little bag and a little make-up to look fresh.
I heard some noise outside, talking something in another language. I thought that were tourists. I started to put the make-up very closely, that noise, transformed into laughs, and I could hear them much clear. In the little hut entered three drunk boys and when they saw me, they stopped in the threshold.
„ Mein Gott! Was für schöne Arsch Sie haben”
Me, knowing German, I turned to them. They said something about my bottom, but I wasn’t late to replay to them, on their native language:
„Mein Arsch ist nicht für eure Gesichter.”
I told them, that my ass is not for their faces. Those losers started to laugh and one of them was getting closer to me.
„Woher kommst du, schönes Mädchen?”
„ Amerika.”
They asked me, from where I am. I wasn’t planning to draw water to their mill. When they heard from where I was, they were amazed.
“So…baby, what do you say about a gang-bang?”
“What do you say about killing you if you’ll not get lost?”
“The chick is dangerous.” Said one of them.
And without expecting, the first grabbed my hands, and held me tight, getting on my back, immobilizing me. I started to scream, and the second one pulls up my dress. But I didn’t gave up and hit one the bastard in his balls, making him lay down on his knees. The third one came and smacks me, hitting me very close to the temple, to arcade, breaking it.
„Mistvieh!”
I started even louder to yell. The guy, which hit me, pulled up my dress, trying to pull out my underwear. In the little hut came Laurence and I didn’t saw exactly what happened, but the guy who tried to rape me was smack down on the floor by Lars, taking kicks in his stomach. The German, which kept me, thrown me down, dashing to Laurence, but nothing. He looked mad and angry, beating him hard, until the German collapse down. Laurence took out a knife and when I saw that he wanted to hurt the Germans, I shouted no. But was like he didn’t hear me. One of them, throw himself over Lars, but he didn’t wait a second and sticks the knife in his shoulder, making blood everywhere. The bleeding guy yelled and after that he with his friends ran out. I was looking at Lars terrified. He was with blood all, breathing jerky and watching me with a look that frights even your soul, having the knife in his hand.
“L…Lars…”
“Lars? No honey, I’m Alex.”
I went from red to white, realizing that Alex just arrived.
He started to laugh and thrown his knife away, coming to me and pulled me up. He went to the sink and started to wash his face.
“Hum. I don’t know who this Lars is. But instead, I know you.”
“What do you mean?”
“Your name is Abigail, right?”
“Y…yes.”
“Good. Don’t need to thank me that I saved your precious ass.”
In his voice I notice the rudeness and the irony. I started to wash myself, especially that I was full of blood because of the arcade.
“Are you ok?” He asked me.
“Not really. My head hurts like hell.”
“You’ll be fine. I’ll go now, see ya.”
“Wait! You cannot just leave me here!”
He turns around to me, with a maliciously smile. The thought that I will be abandon on the beach, scared me.
“And what is my problem? You’ree a big girl, you can handle it”
“No! I came with you here. You just cannot leave me on the streets.”
And without any warning, he caught me hand.
“Listen! If you care about your precious life, I suggest you to leave me alone…Got that?”
“But…”
“Got…that?” He said, emphasizing the last word.
I didn’t say anything, being scared. He let me got, and really walked away, leaving me with my broke arcade and with a scare that wasn’t passing that easily. Still, I didn’t gave up, and after a couple of minutes, I went out on the beach after him.
“Alex, please! You cannot leave me alone here! I can be again attacked or…I even don’t know where we are…you brought me here.”
He stopped walking and turned to me with a killing look.
“I brought you here?”
I gave some miles back. Lars, or whatever, Alex came fast to me.
“You are scared, right? You are scared that someone can attack you. If I will be the one which will hurt you.”
“A…Alex, please…”
“What?”
I was not able to talk anymore because of I was frighten. He was standing in my front and I could feel his anger, as if Laurence had an evil twin brother.
“You know what? I will not hurt you. Just because you are beautiful and still I saved you.”
I didn’t know what to say. I was just looking at him with fear. He put his hand on my shoulder and felt how I was shaking.
“You don’t have to be fear me. I am not killing beautiful girls. On the contrary…”
“What you mean about this? I said.”
“I adore…to love them.”
“Alex…we are together”
“Since when? Maybe you’ree together with that Laurence…I’m not making love stories.”
“Well, then when you said that you adore loving them…”
“In other way…to love their body.”
“You wouldn’t dare!”
The horror started to install in me faster then ever. He came closer to puts his hands on my hips, kissing me.
“Alex…please.”
“Hush, relax and enjoy.”
I was shaking, I took away his hands but he didn’t stop to put back on my hips, going up with them under my dress. I pushed him away from the instinct, and he felt on the sand. I didn’t think twice and started to run to the car, but he reached me faster.
“YOU BITCH! How the hell you dare to confront me!”
I arrived at the car and he smacked me down on the car’s capote.
“You’ll going to love this.”
„HELP!”
But nothing, he grabbed my hair and whispered.
“If you care about you life, then I suggest you to obey.”
I was trying in vain to give him away from me. I felt how he pulls down my underwear and he opens his pants. I was much more then traumatized, in that moments of terror Laurence died for me. while he was rapping me, I called whispering Damian, like I’d hope that he would jump from a bush and save me, but was not there. I will remember all my life that horror episode.
After the rape finished, Alex pushed me away from his car, throwing me down, while he got in and started the engine, leaving me alone on the beach. I was crying so hard, that I thought my head would explode, taking the sand on my hands. I was there and think that the solution to leave the island, was the best idea ever in that minute and Damian was so right about Laurence. His disease almost killed me, to not mention the fact that he scoffed me, leaving me deader then alive, being full of blood from my arcade. I was praying to God for calming down my mind, often when I had a bad situation in life, God helped me to find a way, a good path. Therefore, I got up, uncontrolled crying and went on the chair, arranging my dress full of sand; of course, my hair had some of that, being all over the place. I took out a little mirror from my purse and start to clean myself with a towel, filling it with blood. My luck was that I take regular contraceptives, meaning that I’ll not wake up to be a mom to soon for Alex, because the monster who rapped me was not a bit Lars. But no more matter, I had to stay away from Laurence, until will not be too late. Was ironic the situation, just because I wanted so bad to meet Alex, and guess what I almost died. What could I do, another lesson learnt.
I look in the phone, searching for a random number and reached Damian’s one…no, I couldn’t call him and to make him worry about me so therefore I continue to look for another one, and Helen pop-out into my head.
“Hello?” She answered with a rusty voice, sign that she was sleeping.
“H…Helen, sorry that I disturbed you, I’m Abby…please, help me!”
“Abby? Honey, what’s wrong, are you ok?”
“No. I was on a date and I end up raped and abandoned on the beach, can you please come and take me?”
“YES, God, just tell me where exactly are you.”
“You know where the Green House is?”
“Yes.”
“Good. I’m a little farther, on a private beach, belonging to the Kossos villa or something like that. Please hurry!”
“In 10 minutes I’m there. Don’t worry.”
“Ok. I’ll wait you.”
I was no longer able to talk because of the fright and of the unstoppable crying. My head was exploding and I started to take all of the things from the chairs. I didn’t want to deal with him anymore.
I was watching the sea, which was beautiful, and taking some deep breathes, thinking that the things will be good, waiting in silence for Helen to arrive. I asked for it, to have a crush on a lunatic. I was giving to Damian all the right in the world.
I startled when someone was knocking on my door. I was lost in thoughts, remembering that day when I met Alex; I got up and open it, me being impassible. Was Helen, all pinky and shiny.
“Abby, lets go and shop. I prepared everything and…”
“Helen, thanks for the invitation but honestly I don’t feel that well and plus I have to meet with someone.”
“Oh…really? Just when I wanted to make a girls night out.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t you worry; I will go with the girl from the reception. She’s Greek, and she has some good taste.”
“Cool. You’ll have to tell me what clothes are here.” I said, without interest.
“Of course girl! B’bye.”
“Bye Helen.”
I closed the door, and looked in the mirror. The arcade started to heal, but still that memory, scares me. What will happen if I will go with Lars on that trip, and Alex will think to show himself? After he will rape me again, maybe will kill me too. I missed Damian so bad.
Chapter VII-
 The Trip
I prepared my mini bad for this trip in the mountains. The village was pretty far, or at least I knew that way, and my rich imagination didn’t leave me alone, visualizing a village like Santorini, with white and blue houses, donkeys all over the place, women wearing long dresses and the Aegean sea, extraordinary blue. And me with Laurence standing out, wearing short pants with black sunglasses.
But I refrain for thinking much farther, and I called Lars.
“Hey babe, how are you?”
“Lars, I’m ready. Are you coming?”
“Yeah, in 10 minutes I’ll be at the hotel.”
“Ok, I’ll wait.”
Therefore, I hang out the phone and took my bag, with some clothes in it, ready to get out from the room. Somehow, I had the intuition to go to Damian’s ex room, like a desperate woman and take him out from it, but I knew I will never find him in the hotel, or in Greece, and I didn’t struggle to call him, considering that he didn’t bother to answer his phone.
I closed the door in my way back and I went down to the reception very quietly, trying to not think too much of some consequences.
On my way out, Helen stopped me.
“Where are you leaving?”
“I will meat with my boyfriend, how are you?”
“Never mind, not today…we have to talk Abby; you’re making a huge mistake. I found out that your boyfriend is also your subject, you’re not allowed to implicate sentimental in…”
“Listen, it’s not your business. I do what I want…”
“It is my business, because I’m your supervisor. You are not allowed. You are not coming to shopping but you’re going out with a psychopath?
“Just leave me alone Helen.”
“No. This will not end here Abby, I can promise you that.”
She already pissed me off and I avoid her, but she didn’t give up that easy, starting to follow me in the reception lobby.
“You are not going no where Abigail Woods!”
“ABBY!” I yelled at her, turning suddenly. I was red as the twilight sun at my face. I understood that she was stupid but not hypocrite.
“Abby, I will talk with you teacher and you will leave Greece in a jiffy.”
I couldn’t resist to bear her, therefore I came closer threatening to her, in the way that she could sense my breath.
“Dare and you’ll see!”
I didn’t say a word after that, walking away furious. God, what a woman, I couldn’t believe that she had a temper when she started to throw rocks on me. She didn’t got a kick ass from Damian, but definitely from me she will have it. I got out totally irritated from the hotel and saw Mill family’s car, and my first sight was on the car’s capote, remanding me that I suffered on it, while her possessors mocked me, but I give it away that horrible image from my mind, trying to enjoy the moment. Laurence got out from the car, wearing a curved blue shirt with sort of a capri type of pants, and he had black sunglasses, smiling and kissing me gentle on my neck.
“I missed you so damn much; I thought I would never see you.”
“Now you see me, right? Shall we go?”
“Abby, don’t!” Helen shouted from the balcony, and Laurence looked straight to her.
“Let’s go.” I said quickly, pulling Lars to the car. The boy opened the trunk, where I thrown my bag and got up in the car, saying hi to his parent. The dearest was his father, because he was such a joker and even he knew why I was there, he still accepted me as his son’s girlfriend. I remember a conversation with him like it was yesterday.
I was at Laurence’s place, but he with his mom were out in town, planning a little party at his house, considering that was his dad’s birthday. He invited me polite and told me to help him with the cutleries, with the arranges, I agreed especially that I wanted to talk with him privately, I never got the chance to catch him in hi free time.
“Abby, can you put those glasses on the table? The guests have to arrive.”
“Yes, sure.” I said polite, putting the glasses nicely on the table.”
“Abby, how is the project going so far?”
“It is pretty good, for now.”
I was more reserved, because I was talking with my subject’s father and in the same time with my boyfriend’s father.
“Just be careful my dear. Laurence speaks about you with enthusiasm. Since when you are in his life, he stopped acting weird or to be locked up in his room. And every time at the dinner, he speaks about you. My wife is worrying, because she knows that Laurence truly loves you and you are here for the project.
“But I love Laurence too, Mr. Mill.”
“Abby, what did I told you? Call my name. Would you like if I would call you Abigail?”
“Horrible.” I joked.
“You see? Same as me. Please call me Jay, otherwise I will have no choice but to find a nickname for you, which will make you kill me.”
“Ok.” I laughed.
“Now seriously Abby, I know Laurence it’s your project and…”
“No Mr…Jay, it’s not my project, he’s my lover. He was at the beginning a subject for studying but he is a human and all the time I saw him human, nothing else. I know that some how I am making a mistake, and if my teachers will find out…”
“Imagine him finding out.”
“I really don’t want to know how he will react. I will hurt him by this.”
“From my side…everything ok, me and my wife are happy that you love our son. You are a good kid same as him, just that he has a little problem.”
“It’s not a problem. They don’t exist, only the solutions do.”
“Spoken like a true psychologist.”
“I think that he can eliminate the ill, if he will not be alone or to be angry.”
“I know. That’s why I’m happy that he met you, but the only thing that I cannot understand is when you will leave this island, how will it be?”
“I am still thinking at that part.”
Mr. Mill or Jay, how he forced me to call him, took a seat right next to me on the white sofa.
“Listen dear. I am happy for you both, honestly. I really want to be ok in the future, just that…I am afraid that he could hurt you, physically.”
“I thought about this too, but don’t worry, I know how to temper him.”
And I woke up hugged by him and after that he kissed my forehead like a true parent. What a great man. After a couple of minutes, Lars and his mom came in.
“What?”
“What’s wrong with you? You’re not paying attention.”
Laurence was talking to me in the car about an hour, but I was looking outside on the window, lost in thoughts. We were going at the road known by me, namely the road to Hersonissos.
“I’m sorry Lars, I was…”
“In love with you my son, didn’t you get it? It’s all your fault.” Jay joked at the wheel.
“That’s right, this little beauty of nature.” Said Lars, playing with me, hugging me, and stealing from me a big sensual kiss.
“What is the most beautiful thing then love?” Jay Mill said, drivinf carefully.
Another memory came into my mind, like it had a device or something.
I was seating on the beach, full of blood, in my favorite dress, waiting for Helen to arrive, after I talked with her at the phone, those 10 minutes transformed into 20. I heard a horn and I ran crying to the source. Helen got out from her car and she got scared seeing me in the way I was.
“What…what the hell it’s going on?”
“I don’t have time to explain. Please, drive me back to the hotel.”
I got in the car, and Helen didn’t say a word.
“Oh my God, Abby, we have to take you to a hospital and to call the police.”
“No Helen, just drive me to the hotel, we are not doing anything. I just want to seat and relax.”
“Yes but…”
“I told you, I don’t want to talk about this.”
She didn’t argument with me no longer, maybe realizing that I had nothing to say. She was driving like a beginner, being sometimes horned by the other cars on the rode.
“I don’t understand Abby, he did you implicate with your subject and…”
“Helen, please, shut up. I don’t want to explain to no one, it’s strict my business.”
“It’s your decision, but still.”
“But still, can you leave me alone?”
“Ok, I will not talk.”
Arrived at the hotel, I ran quickly in my room for Damian not to see me, I didn’t want at all to give him the satisfaction that he was right about Alex hurting me, so therefore I entered my room, went straight to the shower, and after that I change nicely in my pajamas. I throw myself in the bed, trying to sleep, but can I seelp when a person you cared about, raped you. I couldn’t explain my mood.
Next day I went to see Damian, but seemed to be that he was ignoring me completely and I really needed to talk with him, because I couldn’t bear no longer for him to be distant with me all the time. So, I dressed and went to the next floor, being decided. I knocked the door and nothing, I thought to myself that he wasn’t in his room; therefore, I went to the reception and asked the woman there if she saw him. She told me that he was taking his breakfast at the restaurant. I went there and nothing again. Where the hell he could be? I was heading back to the reception and I’ve seen him entering the elevator.
“Damian!” I shouted but he didn’t hear me, so I ran up the stairs, thinking that I could catch him behind before he will enter his room. I arrived at the third floor, gasping, and I saw him at his door.
“Damian.”
He didn’t turned around, pretending that he didn’t hear me. He opened the door and I ran to him.
“Damian!”
He closed fast, and I started to knock the door like a desperate woman, ready to demolish it.
“Damian, please. Damian! Please open the door.”
Nothing, I already felt how my tears wanted to come out. I knock again and again much harder.
“Damian, I know you can hear me. I just want to talk. Damian?”
After some minutes, seating there like an idiot, he opened, avoiding to look into my eyes, looking somewhere down, being white as paper.
“Damian…I just…wanted to apologize for the last days. I know I was an ass.” I said whispering.
He still pretended as if he didn’t hear me.
“Ok.” He said, and to my surprise, he wanted to close the door, but I put my foot in it to not accomplish his plan. I didn’t want him to get away that easily.
“Not so fast Damian. Listen, please. Stop being so stubborn. I just want to talk.”
“About what?” He said with cold, avoiding intentional my look
“I know you probably hate me, but I will not let you ignore me forever. We have a lot to discuss. Please, let’s go to out place.”
“It is not our place any longer, since you spoiled with Laurence.”
What a kick, his voice was so calm but still so harsh, cold.
“Ok then…let’s go in the reception.”
“No. Come in.”
I was surprised when he step aside, sticking himself to the wall, making room for me to enter. I took a seat on his bed, looking at him with a serious face.
“Do you like something to drink?” He asked.
“Water, please.”
He was still looking somewhere else then me, taking a clean glass and pouring water in it, handing it to me. My hand was shaking and eventually he looked into my eyes, grabbing a chair. I felt like I was at the police for a murder.
“Damian…” I whispered, and this time was my turn to lean my look.
“Yes Abby?”
“I know I was, somehow rough…but I don’t…I don’t want to break out. Like friends.”
“Abby, I…”
“No, please, just listen…I care about you to much to let you go away. I will not let you to do this to me. You’re…”
“I’m an ass, that’s who I am! I am an idiot because I let myself away with the flood, because I was jealous. That I…looked into your eyes different.”
I opened my mouth but I didn’t know what to say. He left me speechless. What he meant with let myself away with the flood? I wanted so bad to cry and I was looking at him with mercy, considering that he had an up look like I was a killer.
“I am an ass, because I had to keep just a fellowship with you, friendship, but it seems to be that everything is mess up.”
“Why are you saying this, Damian?”
“Anyway, I no more matter in this business. By the way, how is going with Laurence?”
At that question, I wanted somehow to tell him the truth about that night, but I preferred to lower my look back to my knees.
“Well…we had a little fight.”
“Why?”
“I saw Alex last night, for the first time.”
I didn’t want to tell the all truth.
“And? Are you ok? Did he hurt you?”
“What? Ah no. He didn’t hurt me.”
“Why are you lying to me Abby?”
I remained shocked. He had a serious look, but I wasn’t surprised that he noticed that I lied, because I had a retention in my voice. He smiled softly, ironically and he stood up, placing himself near me.
“This Abby, gives you away.”
He puts slowly his finger to my injured arcade and I put quickly my hand on it, somehow to cover it, but was too late. Damin sighed and got up back on his chair.
“And it’s not the only lie Abby.”
“What…what do you mean by that?”
“Simple. I talked with my teacher, Mr. Bines, and he told me the truth. First Abby, when we finished here and collected all the information about our subject, and we have 20 pages of our project, then we can return home. But you lied, telling me a bunch of craps that I have to stay here a bloody month. My question is; why?”
“And it’s not the only lie. Is one more, and has the same answer as the first one.”
I already hate Mr. Bines, he found out the truth and I was ready to tell him one more.
“And that is?”
„When you tried to run away, when I stopped you. The next day after you came here. I lied. You wouldn’t possible ruin me, only yourself. I could continue alone the project.”
He was just looking at me without saying anything. I was sure that he was chewing everything he heard, what was going on. I bowed down my eyes, feeling that I was this close to cry. But I had to tell him the reason, so I took a deep breath and I rattled.
“The answer to the both lies is: I didn’t want you to go! I didn’t want to be alone here.”
“You are so selfish”
“Is not about selfishness Damian, only that I care about you, I just wanted for us to spend at least a month together.”
He sighed. I was not capable of telling him more or what to believe. I really didn’t want for him to leave.
“Abby…I want to be alone.”
I wasn’t surprised. I agreed and I got up, putting the empty glass on the table, heading towards the door.
“Abby” He called me, and I turned fast to him.
“I love you.”
I remained shocked; I didn’t know what to say. My heart was demanding me to tell him back the same words, but my mind flew to Laurence.
“Me too.”
“What?”
I love you. I wanted to tell him this, but other words came and replace them. And in the end I managed to say:
“Bye Damian.”
I went out the door, starting to really cry. I hated myself for the simple fact that I couldn’t say I love you to him, just because was not that powerful like Laurence. Therefore, I ran to my room crying the hell out. My phone started to ring and I saw Laurence number. I rejected his call, still crying. I was wondering why I was such a bitch with Damian and why in the world I couldn’t watch him with the same look like I used to do before? He was so dear to me when he was just with his head in the clouds, but since when I met Laurence and I observed his look…I fall in love immediately. The phone rang again, but this time to announce me that I’ve got a message. Even if somehow I knew how possibly sent me one, I take it and look too see it. I knew well, was from Laurence:
”I know you are mad at me, I would be mad at me too. I don’t know what happened, I just woke up this morning, realizing I was in bed. I cannot remember what happened since when you went to the bathroom. You found out my secret, please I just want to see you and talk, to tell you my story. Let’s see each other at the terrace in an hour. I will wait for you, love you.”
Probably he wanted to tell me about his illness, not knowing that I already knew about it. I dried my tears and started to unmake-up. Now suddenly I don’t want Laurence anymore, after what he did to me, and that I love you I didn’t feel it, like I felt it for Damian when he told me those words in his room. I was a coward and I couldn’t decide what I wanted, Damian as a friend or lover? What can I say? I played with fire and I’ve been burned. After I refresh myself, I dress casual and I got out again from my room, thinking to meet Laurence this time, I was still curious what he possibly could tell me about his disease. Was a method to discover what he is thinking about what he has, which was great, even if I paid a very expensive price for this. I entered the elevator and I pushed the ground floor button, waiting in silence, looking in the elevator’s mirror. I got off from it and I went throw the reception with my look down, not wanting to meet someone especially Helen, who probably will ask me again thousand of questions. I have the impression that she thinks we are best friends forever or something like that. Anyway, I took a cab being stressed and I told the driver where to take me. On the road, my mind was flying to Damian, how honestly he could tell me that I love you. Even Laurence didn’t manage until now to touch my soul that deep like Damian did. Arrived at the terrace, I paid the driver and got off the car, more retained and of course, you could easily read the upsetting and sadness on my face. I noticed Lars at a table in the back, waving his hand. He looked cheerful, only that I was far away from that feeling. I went slowly to him, and I saw a big bouquet of white roses on my chair. I remained amazed for a second.
“Do you like them? I honestly don’t know what your favorite flowers are, and because the other night you liked them so much…” He said, with a big smile on his face.
He stood up, wanting to kiss me, but I just thank him for the flowers and I took a seat elegant in front of him.
“What do you want to drink?”
“I prefer nectar of oranges. On this heat, the coffee can explode my heart.”
Laurence made a sign to the waiter, and he came with a false smile on his lips. He was irritating me.
“The young lady whishes a orange nectar, please.”
“Sure.”
When he left, Laurence returned his attention to me, looking straight into my eyes, and I raised them looking at the sea.
“What you wanted to talk about, Laurence?”
“I missed you.”
“This is not the reason.”
I turned my sight to him, seeing that he was smiling to me like this action could resolve all the problems, and with his smile I can erase that horrible episode.
“I really don’t know what to start with, trust me.” He said.
“I think you can start with the beginning. But if you like to start with the end, be my guest.”
“I don’t deserve for you to be so sarcastic with me.”
“No?”
“No. No matter what happened, I have a reason for this.”
I looked at him serious, becoming emotional. I wanted to pay attention at what he was about to say, because in this way I could discover his opinion about his ill. The piece of the project puzzle witch missed. I was anxious, but in the same time I wanted to look hypocrite and upset.
When Lars opened his mouth to say something, the waiter came to our table with the drink. I smiled to him and he left in time. I returned my attention back to Laurence, watching him very serious, and he bowed his look in the ground. Took a deep breath and he started.
“Look…somehow I know what happened…I don’t remember much.”
“What do you mean by don’t remember much?” I act.
“Well. It’s difficult…I mean, I don’t know how to tell you…I’m afraid that I will going to loose you.”
“You’ll not loose me. Trust me.”
I gave up on the bitchy attitude, because somehow I knew what he was going throw, in him was a bloody war. But I knew from the start about his mood and still I fall in love with him. Was impossible for me to let him go after he will tell me the truth.
“I don’t think so. I’m scared, but it’s my fault that I didn’t told you from the beginning. Many girls when the heard the truth they left me alone. And I’m afraid that the same thing will happen with you.”
“Please Laurence, have faith, anything you will tell me will not change the situation.”
“Ok.”
He took a deep breath, closed his eyes, holding very tight my hand as if I was about to run away.
“I…am sick.”
“What do you mean? Did you catch a cold?”
“It’s not a physical sickness. It’s a mental one. I don’t want to be consider crazy.”
I smiled encouraging to him to honestly demands.
“Go on.”
“When I invited you on the beach, to the romantic dinner we had, at the bathroom you were attacked by three guys. I got furious and…I become another person.”
“Alex.”
“Yes. Alex. He is my alter ego. I took him out from me a while ago, when I isolated myself, after I found out that my girlfriend died.”
“So, you are schizophrenic?”
“Yes.”
I closed my eyes, taking some deep breaths. I was happy in some way that he admitted his condition, but I had to act a little like I was so sorry for him and I was amazed. In reality, I was mercy for him.
“My dear. I really don’t know what to say, just that this Alex took care for hurting me.”
“This thing frustrates me the most, what happened actually? Tell me! What Alex did to you? I personal don’t remember.”
I looked towards the sea, thinking. Maybe was not such a good idea to tell him the all truth. I turned my head to him, and saw that he was disparate, having the eyes swimming in tears, waiting for me to tell him the truth.
“Well, he left me alone on the beach.”
“Just that?”
“Yes. He saved me from a rape then he left.”
I know. I lied him, but that truth with the rape thing he has not to know. At least he and the rest of the world, I didn’t want to imagine Damian if he would found out the rape scene.
“I promise to you, Abigail Woods, that no matter what will happen, Alex will stay locked away.”
That day I will never forget not even Laurence explanations or meeting Alex on the beach. I came back with my mind, being in Laurence arms, on the back seat of his parent’s car. Jay was talking about the village where we were heading, it was at 800 meters sea level, which I could see it from the window, being very extended, because we were on sort of a serpentines.
“Look babe, a ship.” Lars pointed me one in the coast.
I smiled, but I couldn’t not possible think that Damian left with one of those. The Damian’s memory somehow made me quiet and I didn’t paid much attention at what conversation was in the car, just that I woke up suddenly when Jay called my name.
“Sorry?”
“I asked you what your future plans for life are? What you want to become?”
Maybe it was me or Jay wanted to put fuel to the fire or he tried somehow to help me in front of Laurence, considering that his parents knew what were my plans for life. I had to invent something.
“Well. I’m studying the medicine, same as my mom. I like to help people. And I really don’t know what I want to become.”
“Medical assistant? Lars asked amused.”
“Maybe. I propose something more bigger then that, like a family doctor.”
“Very nice Abigail. Let God help you.” Jay said with a warm smile, and I hated myself for lying but what could I do.
“Dad, how long it will take until we’ll get there?”
“Are you already hurrying to be alone with Abby?”
I started to laugh, noticed Lars all red.
“Not really, but yes.”
“Not yet son, be patience.”
“I will take a little nap.” I said, laying somehow with my head in Laurence’s lap, popping into my mind the memory of my first day in Greece.
Was an unusual heat for me. Was very hot outside and Helen and me were seating in the airport. I didn’t got it, why the blonde had hills on that heats outside.
“Helen, don’t your feet are dead because of that high hills you wearing? They are pretty big.”
“Relax, only a professional can resist with them.”
“Yeah, not like amateur of me, right?”
“I’m not saying in this way. We have to take a cab until the Blue Paradise Hotel.”
I didn’t want to stay in that hell heat in the front of the airport, especially in a not so great company like Helen. I just wanted so bad a shower, I would give my soul for it in that moment. A shower, a shower, my kingdom for a shower.
We got into the first taxi, which arrived, and Helen took the front seat right next to the driver.
“Will be awesome Abby, you’ll see.”
“Yeah.” I said, with a lack of enthusiasm.
“We’ll be great friends. I heard that the Greek guys are hot. Much hotter then Italians. Plus shopping cannot wait.”
Ah, I almost vomit, seeing her so happy at the thought of shopping in the expensive Greek stores. I just smiled, trying somehow to hide my face expression of disgust and to watch outside on the window, while she was speaking non-stop like a broken mill, about how cooler will be. So cool. I was sarcastic, by the way.
“Tomorrow your project partner will arrive.” She said, gaining my attention.
“Really?”
“Yeah. He comes from Grand Britain. I hope his cute. But most of the British guys are rained like their weather.”
“Honestly Helen, I’m interested to meet hot guys or to have love stories with them. I came her for the project.”
“Oh, you are such a fun sucker.”
Yeah, a bitch in heat. I was praying to arrive already at the destination, to not be needed to support her.
“Ah…speaking of British. I remembered. Once I met one at a party, when I was in Milan. If you know what cool clothes are there Abby, on everyone’s tastes…”
God, kill me now until I will not be intoxicated by her stupid brain. To not hear a word from her mouth, I took from my bag an mp3 player and I put my headphones in my ears. I was amused seeing her talking and gesticulating, while I couldn’t hear a word, only good music, but the driver didn’t resist much, rolling his eyes.
When finally arrived at the hotel, I got off with the speed of the light, taking off my headphones as if I was listening her all the way here. The hotel, at least in the appearances, was leaving you with mouth opened.
In the next day, I went into the restaurant for lunch, and I was somehow enthusiastic of my partner arriving, because I could spend time with someone in this short summer trip on an island, without me and Helen becoming bffs.
After lunch, I decided to go into my room, and when I was at the reception lobby, Helen was running on hills, like a crazy woman.
“I’m so late! I am so late!”
To not be impolite, I’ve asked her at what.
“Your colleague will arrive in 5 minutes and I don’t know where the sea port is.”
“It’s close to us Helen. But he isn’t coming with the plane?”
“Apparently not.”
“But you didn’t know at what time he will arrive?”
“Of course I knew, but I didn’t know what to dress with.”
I started to laugh, and she ran away outside. I just wanted to smack my forehead, but why should I punish myself when I should smack her to come back to reality. Therefore, I went to my room, thinking to take a shower and to prepare for a possibly going out with the British guy, because we had to know each other and I didn’t want to do this in the hotel, where Helen could mess up our good mood, only if he was that same type of person like me, who appreciate the good taste.
Back into the car, I smiled in Lars arms, when I remembered that I promised myself to not make love stories with any good-looking guy on the Hellenic land, just to concentrate on my project.
Believing or not, the life has other plans for me. I pretended that I was sleeping, because I wasn’t capable of talking with Lars’s parents or with him. From time to time, I felt moisture on my cheeks, sign that Laurence was kissing me softly and I loved the fact the he knew how to be careful with me.
“Kids, we are here. Lars, if you want, don’t wake Abby and carry her in the house, where you can put her on the bed to get some rest.” His dad said, finally stopping the car.
I got up suddenly.
“Are we here, finally?”
“Look who pretends is sleeping.” Laurence said amused.
“I wasn’t pretending, just that I was laying down a little bit because I had a little car sick.”
“Are you feeling ok now, Abby?” Laurence’s mom asked me, on her name Jane Mill.
“Yes, much better.”
“Come on kids, let’s go. Or if you prefer to sleep in the car, I don’t mind. Only that in the morning you will see everything upside down.” Jay said, while he opened the trunk.
I got off fast, with Laurence, watching around. Was pretty cool the place, pleasant. The Mother Nature was a little selfish, because the view was not that rich in the vegetation side. The village was small, I mean that the houses was united right next to each other, and around them, I saw lots of olives trees, or bushes specific for am arid zone. In the distant, was sprawled a plateau with rock and sand, with some olives or small bushes, and after that I could saw the mountains dressed in the same thing as the plateau. The sea was gone in view, being hidden by the mountains. And of heat, not to mention it. Narrow cubic streets waved the village. Jay parked the car in a small parking lot, where was a cart and a scoter. Up above, a donkey was bind. But something else gained my attention. A woman was dressed black all over. I didn’t hesitate to ask why she was dressed in that way on that heats.
“She’s a widow.” Jay explained to me. “In Greece, the widows have to wear all their life black.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“And I wonder how they manage with the heat?”
“Well Abby, think in this way. They were born here. How the Africans manage their heat? Same thing.”
“Yeah. I’m so clumsy.”
Jay giggled. From a near house, a woman got closer to us, but wasn’t dressed in black but in open colors.”
“Kalimera Jay. I see that you brought a new person.”
As I observed, the woman was not Greek or at least after the first sight, having olive skin, being thin at 40 years old or more. She had a hoarse voice but with a special gently.
“Mara, this is my son’s girlfriend, Abigail Woods, or Abby. If you knot wish to die, call her Abby.” Jay said, making me blush. But the woman laughed, shaking my hand polite.
“Yes. I’m very pleased to meet you Abby. Welcome.”
“Thank you.”
“I think both of them want to sleep in the same room, no? Even if the Greek disagree with a boy sleeping with a girl in the same bed until they are married. They are very orthodox.”
“Well I’m catholic. I don’t think the Pope forbidden this.” I joked.
“Good. Let’s stop chatting and let’s go to work.” Jay said.
Mara and Jane went into the house, I took my bag, and Lars, with a force, which impressed me, took two big luggages.
“Can you carry them son?” Jay asked him.
“Of course dad.”
“My Hulk.”
I laughed, imagining him all green. I entered myself in the house, and at the enter a small dog, was enjoying the guest arriving. I pet him a little bit, while I was enjoying the coolness from inside. The house was pretty beautiful, having blue walls, and from where we entered was sort of a kitchen, and I was amazed to discover that everything was so modern, against the outside house which looked traditional. Like I said before, seemingly always wrong.
“Both of you can go upstairs. And mother and father I will show you where you will sleep.” Mara said, with a smile on her lips.
I climb some woods stairs, which were making noise, at the next floor, where again I remained with open mouth, because the furniture was so modern, and a big bed was there with blue sheets. What I loved the most about that room was the window in the ceiling, which was a little inclined after the ceiling form. Lars puts down the bags and I put my own down
Lars dropped the bags, and I put my bag near the huge bed, still watching around.
“Are you ok?” Lars asked me.
“Yeah, of course, just that I’m so impressed by the way everything looks here.”
He got closer to me and kissed my lips, hugging my thin body.
“Hope you’re feeling better, anyway we’ll not stay longer here.”
“But what are we doing actually on this trip?”
Laurence smiled to me without answering my question, going to the luggage, starting to unpack them. Me instead I took a seat on the bed, watching him suspiciously.
“Lars?”
“Yes babe?”
“Why we came here?”
He sighed, but still didn’t answer, having his attention on the unpacking. I sighed back, thinking that wasn’t ok to insist. If he didn’t want to tell me, means that he had a good reason for it.
“Lars, what are you hiding from me? You saw that I didn’t ran from the table when you told me about your condition. Why you don’t have faith in me?”
I watched him how he sighed again and somehow he was grudging me. I didn’t say a word, just that I wished for him to have more faith in me, especially that I gave up on Damian for him.
“Is…I don’t know…hard. I want somehow to forget my problem, and to try to enjoy this trip.”
“But still Lars, wouldn’t be much better if you will tell me why we are here? Why we came here actually? It’s not just for a small cute family trip, I know it’s something more then that. I would fell much better if I would know the truth and in this way I would enjoy the trip with you.”
He was so silent, felting that the frustration was making it’s way to my mind, and I got anger by the minute was passed on the clock. Therefore, I got up from the bed, with the idea to found out this damn truth from somewhere else. Lars instead, stopped me at the door.
“Please Abby, please don’t go. Don’t be so mad on me. I care to much about you.”
“If you would really care about me, you would tell me.”
“Why you don’t understand, that it’s better like this?”
I didn’t say anything, I just walked away from him. The evening came and still I didn’t find out the real reason why we were on that village, and I was pretty frustrated not to mention irritated. I just want to find out the information from my ally, Laurence’s dad, but sadly, and like he had an intuition for what I wanted to do, Lars didn’t left me alone even a second in his parents view, trying somehow and of course without any success, to make me forget my question but was like purring gasoline on fire . The fire was inflaming in me and I was about to do anything for finding my answer. But for my surprise not only Jay was my ally.
The next was the dinner, one extremely delicious, Greek traditional recipe, then some music; Mara proved that she is a great host; she invited us to dance on sort of oriental and Greek music. I took the plunge to drink a Greek shot namely Uzo, which managed to numb my sensations. Lars got a little dizzy from drinking; therefore, I took him up into our room, laying him on the bed.
“Ab, I’m a little sick.”
“Who put you to drink that much? Since when you start to call me Ab?”
“Since now…it’s funny. Ab. If you mind, I will stop saying Ab.”
“It’s ok. Take this pill to not be hangover next morning.”
I made him swallow a pill, knowing that in the next day he could have problems with the sick, so I forced him to do it, because he was making a great to-do like a baby, after that I stand next to him until he felt asleep, petting him with love.
He was so dear to me when he was sleeping. Me instead I couldn’t rest, so I went outside in the courtyard and I discovered a nice bench. Was a silent night, only the crickets and some barks father away could be heard. Probably was late. I took a seat slowly, worried, trying to not make much noise.
“You cannot sleep?” Said a voice, making me jump in the air.
Mara was near me, wearing a white scarf.
“Ah…no. I’m sorry if I was making noise.”
“Ah, don’t worry. Look, this will help.”
She handed me a glass with hot chocolate, and she took a seat next to me on the bench.
“What a beautiful summer night. To bad that only in the summer I can see it, when it is so hot outside.”
“But you are not from here Miss…”
“Please, call me Mara. I insist.”
“Ok, Mara?”
“No. I’m from Cyprus, my family comes from Azerbaijan.”
“The country near Turkey. From what I know, the Greek don’t like that much people from the Orient zone.”
“But not everyone has to know that, right Abby? My neighbors see me only in summer time, and they know I came from Cyprus.”
I smiled, drinking my chocolate.
“Anyway, not about me I want to talk, but about you.”
“Me? It’s not much to say.”
“I don’t think so. Miss Psychologist.”
I made big eyes, watching her little amazed.
“Don’t worry. Laurence’s father told me about your goal here. And he also told me that you are a very special person for the Mill family. Even if it is a school project, which can affect your future carrier, you consider Laurence a person, a human, not just a lab rat. And this thing makes you a good psychologist. Even myself I treat my patients like this. And I’m in the business for a while.”
I remained a little confused for a second, and my question about why we were here, started to get some answer.
“Patients? Are you a psychologist?”
“Yes. I am Laurence’s personal psychologist. I brought you here and Damian Jones too, on this island on this case.”
“W…what?” What do you mean brought us here?” I remained shocked.
“What I will about to tell you, will be our little secret, ok?”
“I agree.” I said, being very curious.
“Good. So, your project presumes a careful study on a subject, to observe how a mental illness can manifest, to become friends with the subject, am I right?
“Yes. This is what they told us to do.”
“Ok, but your study it is not chosen randomly. I collaborate with colleges from around the world, our council. There are many psychologies, which choose students for a project like this. I studied many resumes for Laurence’s case, I wanted the best students for this, and so I put a trick question. I saw your grades and I loved so much your answer at my question, especially that your mother it is a psychiatrist doctor, I thought that she could help you on this case.”
I was all red on my face at that affirmation. I wondered if she knew. I took another drink from my warm chocolate, watching the stars. I sighed and said:
“But I made mistakes Mara. I easily can say that I’m about so close to blow the all project away, going with my future carrier. First of all, I remained alone here, my colleague left, and I got to much affection for my subject, becoming his girlfriend. I shouldn’t do…”
“On the contrary, my dear child. You implicated with your soul, you look at people, as they are, human. By the way, you know why I picked Damian?”
“No, why?”
“Because even he is at the edge of schizophrenia.”
“I know that, I mean he is closed itself.”
“But you know what the reason is?”
“No. He didn’t tell me.”
“It is very hard time for him. Even if ironically, he wants to become a psychologist and he has a big problem.”
“I talked with him. He wants to know himself better so…”
“My dear, a psychologist never reveals what he speaks with his patient.”
“Yes, but Damian wasn’t patient for me. He was a friend.”
Somehow, I felt a sorrow when I pronounced the last word.
“You are a smart girl. The reason he is closer to Laurence’s condition, let’s name it problem, is because his father.”
“He abused him or…?” I was curious.
“No. Damian was witness to a murderer. His father’s. He have seen him how he committed suicide.”
“Hi…his father killed himself?”
“Unfortunately yes. Somehow, I wanted to save him. I always wanted to help children to overcome this terrible disease. Once you enter in, it waits you a dark nightmare world and a world of pills.”
“I think that at Lars, well his illness it is about gone.”
“Laurence’s problem won’t evaporate so easy. If he will take his medicine at time, he will be fine.”
“Yes.”
I wanted in a way to tell her the beach episode, when Alex came into picture, it was like I have give wrong answer to an exam, therefore I didn’t risked. Instead, I was thinking about Damian and somehow I felt guild, but how should I know about his drama.

“I am going to bed, before the sunrise. Are you coming?”
“I can’t sleep. I will stay here a bit.”
“Ok then. Good night.”
She stood up and went slowly in the house, but she turned suddenly.
“I forgot to mention. Laurence told me that you are very curious about why you came here. Now that you know the truth, I would ask you to not tell Laurence.”
“Of course.”
“You want to know one more thing? When I spoke with him today, from three words, two were about you. He loves you very much Abby. Good night.”
She entered the house, leaving me on the bench with the glass in my hands, thinking. How interesting was to discover the truth, but more sadly was with Damian, poor of him. I was afraid that he will try something reckless or he will become a schizophrenic like Laurence, or maybe worse then him, considering that he hasn’t anyone to help him in England, just a pessimist mother.
The last day of the trip, or the next day after we came. The shortest trip I had in my life came to the end. The idea was that Laurence saw me happy again and I knew that somewhere in his mind was wondering if I’ve got my answer. I didn’t want no how to tell him the truth, otherwise I would give myself away, in that he would discover the truth about me coming to Greece, with what reason and I didn’t want to loose him.
Jay suggested me to stay a little bit more in Greece, because would be great for all of us to go back in the States, but something was telling me that wasn’t possible.
On our leaving day, Mara called me in her office. It was a cute one, comfy, having light blue walls like color. I took a seat on a sofa, and she smiled at me.
“Abby, I wanted to thank you.”
“Why you want to thank me?”
“For the simple fact that you make Laurence smile again, to actually remember why he is living.”
I smiled at that affirmation. But I had something else in mind.
“Mara, can I ask you something?”
“Go ahead.”
“If it’s possible, can I stay in Greece with Mill family? I want to go with them back to the States.”
“I will see what I can do. Would be very good if you could stay more with Laurence. At least a period, but Abby…”
“Yeah?” I said, standing up.
“Sooner or later he will find the truth. You should tell him this, and explain to him.”
“But you told me to not tell…”
“To not tell him now. But in the near future.”
I smiled to her and together we went to the corridor. There Laurence and his family were waiting with the bags.
“I still don’t understand why we took luggage with us just for two days?” I said confusing.
“I planed to stay a little bit more, but something came at work and I have to rush back into the town.” Said Jay smiling. On the other hand, Laurence was watching me in silent, thinking. He wasn’t smiling, and that thing putted me to think.
Mara smiled to me with courage and together all five of us got out in the sun, heading to the car.
Chapter VIII- 
The last day. The dream.
Laurence was very silent, he really was seating there on the back seat, with his arms crossed, and he was paying attention to the road. I was looking to him thinking, not knowing what exactly happened to him.
“Lars, are you ok?” I asked.
“Yes.” He answered me short and cold.
“Are you sure? You look swept.”
“Don’t worry. I’m fine.”
Clearly was something between. A terrified thought drove my attention, namely that Laurence found out the truth. I was about to ask Jay about Laurence’s mood, but was not the time for that, therefore I put my head how I could in the car, to take a little nap.
I felt coldness, but not understanding from where. I got up from a huge bed, to detect the breeze’s source. A big mirror reflected me and I remained stoned because I was dressed in a nightdress, white and very airy, easy I can say. I turned around and I saw that I was in a big room, quite antic style, like it was someone’s rich bedroom. And I’ve noticed the source of the breeze. Was coming from the opened balcony, the silk curtains was waving in the hands of the wind. I got in the balcony to see where I was, but was dark outside, but as far as I saw, seemed to be that I was in a house and in the front of it was a big yard, being framed by tall hedgerows.
“Abigail!”
I looked around to see who was calling me. That voice sounded so familiar but in the same time not to friendly for my ears, having a cold tone. I looked down and saw him. Was a blonde boy, with long hair until the shoulders, dressed in white.
“Who are you? What do you want?”
“Abigail, come down.”
“No.”
“Abigail. Come down.”
Even if I was too stubborn to do it, I wanted some answers, like for example, where the hell was I. I observed some stairs, to the left and right of the balcony where I could got down, so I upper my dress and I noticed I was wearing high hills. I lower slowly to that pretty handsome boy, but I didn’t had a clue who he was, and after his accent he seemed to came from Europe, most precisely from England.
“Who are you?”
“Abigail, I contacted you to talk.”
“Who are you actually? Where am I?”
“All in good time, now let’s go for a walk.”
He showed me a path, which was spread among the hedgerows, and incredible, it was illuminated by lanterns. Why didn’t I saw that detail?
“Ok.” I said, wanting to know where I was.
He smiled to me and it reminded me about someone, someone like. “Good, let’s start. Where am I?” I said fast.
“You are at the Jones mansion.”
“What? Jones?”
“Yes. My mansion, rather my parent’s mansion, to be more precisely, considering that I gave away my title and this…the mansion.”
“What title? Hold on, who are you actually?”
While we were walking, the blonde boy smiled, looking down, then he stopped turning around towards me. His eyes were so familiar to me.
“My name is Robert Augustus Jones the second.”
“I’m lost. Jones? I know only one Jones…”
“Yes. You know Damian Edward Jones, the third if I can say even the royal name. Which is null of course.”
I was shocked when everything got more precisely. Of course was familiar to me, he was…
“You’re Damian’s father.”
“Bravo, clever girl.”
He smiled to me, putting his arm around my shoulders. I was still in shock.
“But…I don’t understand.”
“Abigail, you are…”
“Abby. Please.”
“Ok. Abby, you are my last hope.”
“Hope?”
“Yes. I contacted you in your dream; otherwise, I could not possibly do it. You are the only person which stood near my son, who can help him.”
“Wait a second. You’re telling me that you brought me here? Sorry Mr. Jones, but I…I don’t actually believe in this paranormal things.”
“Nobody said that this thing how called it, is a matter of magic or science fiction, my dear. It is a dream. And in dream I can play. But it is not a game.”
“What you want from me?”
“And I thought you have some manners.”
Ouch.
“I am so sorry, I’m a little scared that I’m here talking with Damian’s father in my mind.”
“And in my dimension.”
“It’s weird, especially that you…you know.”
He watched me with curious eyes.
“Died? The world does not live for ever.”
“Yeah, but you don’t actually die by your hand! Especially that your own kid can watch and see.”
“Abby, do not throw rocks on me. You do not know what actually happened that night and it is not my fault that Damian saw me doing what I have done.”
I was silent, watching the house, being very beautiful.
“Here Damian lives?” I asked curious.
“No. Here once I lived until I rebelled against everything.”
“You rebelled? From what exactly?”
“From the title. My family was royalty, but I have quite that life, I fall in love with Kate, Damian’s mother.”
“Really? You gave up your royalty?”
“Yes, I had to. My family did not agree for me to see a usual, peasant, a commoner human. I felt like I was cast into a war between mortals and immortals, and I wanted to become one of the mortals, therefore I gave up on the title when I turned 18 years old and I got married one year later, she was already being pregnant with our beloved son.”
“And why you look so young to me?”
“I am at your age now. It is much easier to communicate this way.”
“Ok, but why I’m here? What actually it’s going on?”
“My dear. Damian…it is not longer.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“He is not himself anymore.”
I didn’t get it. He died or what? Why was I with his dad in a dream? Chatting and stuff.
“I don’t get it. Please be more specific.”
“Abigail, he entered into the door to the illness room.”
That news felt on me like a lightning bolt.
“W…Wha…What? How do you know that?”
“Believe me, I know. He is still my son, and I am always with him no matter what. Damian still loves me, he wears me in his soul all the time.”
“I didn’t know that. What he told me was that he and his mother don’t get that well. But with his father…”
“I am not surprising. Is Damian we speaking about. That is why Abigail, do everything that can stands in your power to help him!”
“How possibly can I do it? He is back to England; I don’t know an address, nothing.”
“I can tell you the address.”
I remained somehow amazed. A ghost to tell his address, where he lived. Couldn’t my dream be much weirder then that?
He handed me a note. Was blank.
“When you will wake up, you will find it in your pocket, with the address written on it. Here you cannot see it. You are my only hope.”
“I will try to do everything possible.”
He smiled to me and without warning, took me in his arms with warm. Me, even if I was dreaming, I blushed because I didn’t feel Damian’s dad, but Damian himself. He kissed me on my forehead like a parent, and I opened my eyes.
I was still in the car, and Laurence was sleeping like a baby, with his arms crossed.
“Did you wake up Abby?” Jay asked.
“Seems to be yes. It’s Laurence ok?”
“What do you mean?” His mother asked.
“I mean that he is cold with me, did he told you something?”
When to open his mouth to answer, Jay was interrupt.
“I am fine Abby.”
I looked amazed at Laurence, which still stood with his eyes closed.
“I thought you were sleeping.” I said.
“You know well I cannot sleep in the car. You have to remember before you ask my parents about me.”
He opened his eyes, watching me. I was more red then the tomato itself from the garden. I was frustrated because Laurence lurked at the conversation.
“If you want to know something, why you just don’t ask the source?”
I kept silence watching on the window noticing that we were in Malia, heading to Hersonissos then after that towards Heraklion. I felt a hitch, because Laurence took my arm and turned me to him.
“Hey! I’m talking to you!”
“Laurence, behave yourself!” His dad raised his tone.
“To behave myself? Why do to so when Miss Woods cannot control her curiosity and ask everyone around. I asked her something at Mara’s place, making her to promise me. And what do you think she did?”
“It’s not that.” I started to panic.
“Come on Abby! Really? Who you think I am? I’m not stupid, I know that Mara told you everything. She too damn kind.”
“It’s not true.”
“Why are you trying to deny, and to not tell the truth?”
Checkmate, he got me in the corner and I didn’t had a single way to escape. Ok, the truth…did he wanted the really truth or the truth that I spoke with Mara?
“What do you want to know Lars? That I spoke with Mara why we came just for a single day there?”
“So you did speak with her.”
I kept silent again, watching my nails --I had to give them a new layer of polish--, not knowing what to say, I had to find a good lie before I would give myself away with everything and to risk being killed by him.
“Yes.”
“Perfect! A fine girlfriend you are!” Said he very angry, and he kicked the front chair.
“LARS! I’M DRIVING!”
I remained shocked. I never saw his father so nervous. The truth was that Laurence got crazy. I started to think that Mara talked with him much more details then need it, even though I didn’t believe at all this theory and I was just thinking again at Damian, because that dream wasn’t that usual, especially that I talked with his dead father. Was strange, and I wanted to know what he was up to, if everything was ok with him.
Laurence pouted and he slams his head on the back, looking up. On the other hand, myself was looking down, Damian’s face coming into my mind.
Maybe I didn’t know what to do, or how to act in his favor, but Laurence didn’t gave me a break, wanted so bad to talk with me, but I just wanted to go the airport, by me a ticket without returning to London.
“Abby! Wait, we need to talk!” He said serious to me, when I put my hand on the latch and got out, heading to the hotel, to start packing.
“What is it Laurence? What do you want?” I said irritated.
“What do you mean what I want. We need to talk. What happened yesterday with Mara.”
I did not wanted to open that subject, but seemed to be that he didn’t want to give up that easy on it, so I agreed to stay for a while at his place, to see what he really wants. He garbed my hand, but I took it back like he was burning my skin. He didn’t say anything and we went to his room, seating on the bed. I remembered that there I was near Damian, speaking animated with Laurence, trying to become friends with him, and Damian didn’t had a clue what to do, trying to lie nicely.
“Say it!” I said cold.
“I don’t understand what’s wrong with you. Why you act like this with me?”
“How to act different with you, when you aren’t saying a damn word to me? You’re really making me seeking the truth from other sources.”
“You see! This is the problem Abby. You found out the truth from other source, a source I believed in would be safe, but seems to be that nothing is safe around here.”
“Mara is a extraordinary psychologist Lars, she can help you a lot.”
“This thing is not your business Abby! This is the main problem!”
His attitude angered me so much; he had the nerve to raise his tone with me, who the hell he thinks he is. I was already starting to regret the day I met him, and the impatience was rising upper and upper. I just wanted to go far away from him, to run back to the hotel, and from there to disappear from Greece, to go to England, where I knew that someone was waiting for me. Therefore, I raised, wanting to leave.
“Abby! If you’ll make just one step throw that door, you will loose me for good!”
I remained turned away, I pushed the latch and I whispered to him.
“Then…Goodbye Laurence.”
At the hotel, I was somehow happy that I’ve got rid of Lars, and it was much better without him being around, because he could find in every minute what was all about. And I really didn’t want to throw away my dream, just because of a boy, I didn’t yet end up that idiot. The love I cared for Laurence started to pale in comparison with the care I had for Damian, thinking that in every minute he could kill himself.
A soft knock on the door.
“Yeah.” I shout without any energy.
Inside came no one else then Helen. She was the last person I wanted to see her in that night, probably coming to me to tell me a new gossip story, but instead I was surprised to see her very serious and quiet.
“Hey Helen.”
“Hello Abby, can I speak with you something?”
“Yeah sure, come in. Take a seat.”
She walked a bit stiffed, and took a seat on a chair near the bed, where I was seating a little confusing.
“It’s something wrong?”
“Yes Abby, a lot of things happened lately.”
“What do you mean?”
“You are seating there, pretending as if you don’t know? You ran away from the hotel with that schizophrenic guy…”
“Hold on, don’t even start Helen. I’m so sick and tired of all this. I don’t want to fight with you.”
“You could be hurt or something horrible happen to you.” She didn’t give up, irritating me so much.
“And why are you worry about me after all? I’m a big girl, I can take care of myself. I don’t need another mother.”
“You are rude. You are not realizing how much I worried and…”
“Listen, who the hell are you to tell me what to do? With what you helped me besides telling me shit stuff about what should I ware, which by the way, it sucks.”
“Those advices would’ve been very good for you, if you had a little bit of tastes.”
“Get out!” I said firm, seating straight up, pointing to the door. I couldn’t resist no longer, I was finished, my nerves were shot, I was about to explode if she would say a word.
“Oh, so you want me to get out, right?”
“You heard me. I’m thinking you are not deaf, beside stupid. Be careful for the door to not slam you when you get out.”
She made me a face and she went to the door, when she opened it, she turned away with a sick and false smile.
“I forgot something to tell you. Because you are such a bitch, your project and Damian as well got canceled by your teachers.”
“E…excuse me?”
“I took care of calling you teacher and to tell her what you’re doing on the island. Nighty night.”
She exits. I was hearing a ringing in my head, I made large eyes, feeling my tears want to come out. That ringing started to got higher, until boom. I yelled and ran from my room outside, smashing the door on my way. An old woman right next, was trying to enter her room. Helen was seating in front of the elevator’s doors waiting for it.
“You old slut!” I shouted, and the old woman hurried to open the door.
“How did you call me?” Helen said, being shocked.
“You heard me, you stupid, filthy cow. You stupid bitch, I’ll kill you here!”
I didn’t know what I was doing, I was like possessed by demons. I jump on her and I grabbed her blond hair. She started to yell, putting herself down on the knees because of the pain. The old woman ran away from the door.
“I’ll show you, you stupid whore.”
I couldn’t resist no longer, I just wanted to kill her. I applied a knee in her mouth, making her to spit blood.
“HELP!” She started to scream.
The elevator arrived and the doors opened. I put my legs between them for not closing and I raised Helen up, holding very tight her hair.
“Get in and go in hell, you cheap slut.” I said to her, and I pushed her inside, hitting her head on the mirror, cracking it. When the doors closed, I realized that I remained with a hair tuft from hers, and with curious people around.
“What’re looking at?” I said angry to them and entered my room.
I was boiling, how the bitch could call my teacher and to tell her what I was doing on the island? How she dared? I didn’t grasp logic. I jump on my clothes and stuff, trying to put them fast in my bags, because I really wanted so bad to go away from there. Something was telling me that this all story wasn’t over yet. What could I do, if not act before the “fashion police” could catch me and arrest me because I kick the hell out of a very faithful costumer.
I had to shut up and do it, I was afraid that my teacher already found out about my story in Greece, the part with Laurence and probably she cut my dream away, and if was like that I promised myself that Helen was dead, what good to live your life when your dream is dead?
I took my bags, thinking to go. I didn’t want to stay in that hotel a bit, but until morning what should I do? An idea was to cry a little to Lars, to pretend that I was sorry, and some innocent tears didn’t hurt to no one. Yes, I think this I should do, otherwise I had to bare the cold hotel walls, and was the last thing I wanted to do in that moment. I couldn’t resist no longer, somehow I realized that the joke got too serious and was the time for me to bounce from there, without no one to know anything.

I had to reach Damian, before he could make a reckless act and to regret all my life. I had a lot of faith in that dream, feeling that something wasn’t right, and somehow I was possessed by his father like his spirit got inside me to look for his son. Was like I had schizophrenia, and the disease was putting imaginary things in front. Weird.
I grabbed the phone, hurrying to call Laurence. Finally he answered, exactly when I was about to hang out.
“Yes.”
“Laurence, thank God. I have a problem, I know we had our fight and I’m stupid, but please, we need to talk, can I sleep at your place tonight? I had a huge fight with Helen and…”
“Your fitness instructor?”
“Oh…Ohm yes. I beat her.”
“You what?”
“Yes, I beat her and know she called the police, I really need to get out of here.”
“Ok then. Even if you do not deserve my help, and because I love you, I will help you. Only with one condition.”
“What is it?”
“I will tell you when I will get there.”
“Ok them and please hurry up.”
“I will try to do my best.”
I closed the phone, but something in his voice made me asking if he really wanted to help me, and that condition thing was too suspect. I didn’t stayed and think too much, I could find out when will be the right moment, I had to go out from there even if I lied him about the police, but the lying thing can turn up to be the truth anytime.
I took my bags, and for my own luck, I didn’t carry from home all my dresser, only few summer ones, thinking that from Greece I could buy more of them, but non of them was on my taste, so my bags were light, I even could run with if it was necessary. I left the room, flying to the elevator. There was the old woman, who saw me when I smacked Helen, and when she saw me she and the wall were the same thing, and didn’t wait no longer for the elevator to come, and she just ran away into her room. I didn’t had time to stop and think about that situation or to amuse myself, therefore in the moment when the doors opened, I enter it with speed, feeling my forehead full of sweat. I was feeling like I have committed a crime or something, and was the time for me to run from the crime scene, before I would be caught and thrown into a cold Greek cell. I arrived to the reception, and for my relief was no one there except the young receptionist.
“Already?” He said smiling.
“Yes. To much sun it’s not good.” I said waling speedy.
“Hold on a little miss, where you hurry? You have to sign for departure.”
“I don’t have time. Here, take the key. Thanks.”
I throw the key, hitting his head. He cursed me in his mother tongue, but I didn’t care at all, I had to get rid of that place as fast I could, before I will meet Helen.
“ABIGAIL WOODS!” A voice yelled, making me freeze.
Helen was coming towards me very fast, wanting probably to end up the boxing game. She was barefoot, so she got a very high speed. When I saw her I got freaked out, and in my craziness running in the parking space, I stumbled hitting my head over the asphalt. Beside that I felt the blood how was purring from my body, was too late to get away from Helen, because she was right next to me.
“YOU LITTLE BITCH! WHORE. I WILL SHOW YOU!”
And how I’ve been expecting, she started to kick me in the stomach, and I was already in agony mixed up with a huge pain from my head. I didn’t know what was going on with me, only that like in fog I saw a figure which pushed her away for her to not kill me and after a couple of minutes I felt lifted up from the ground, and my body surrendered and blank before my eyes.
My mind blocked, and I felt something cold on my forehead. I was trying to move a muscle from my body, but it refuse to do so, feeling paralyzed. I even tried to do the same thing with my eyes, but even they were upset on me, because they refused to open. But something else kept intact and loyal, the hearing.
“Abs, Abs, Abs. You trouble maker.”
I heard Lars’s voice, which for my surprise was a lovely one.
“L…Lars?”
Seemed to be that even the mouth was loyal, and suddenly I felt that step by step I could take over the control of my body. Was mine again, and I moved a little. After a while, my eyes came back and I managed to open them. The first thing that I saw was Laurence’s beautiful masculine face. From what I was realizing in that moment, seemed to be that I was in his room, lying in the bed like a tuberculosis person.
“Wha…what just happened?” Was my first question.
“You passed out. I can tell, after so many hits, plus that you smash your head on the parking border. But don’t worry, you’ll be fine.”
“This time I will kill that blond bitch.”
“Don’t worry, it’s a job already done.”
I made big eyes, felting a big headache.
“You killed her?”
He started to laugh, putting the pledged on my forehead.
“How hard did you hit your head? God no.”
“Are you sure?” I said, without trusting.
“Abby, really. I didn’t kill her. But I couldn’t let her to kill you. I appeared just in time and I thrown her on the ground, I grabbed you and took you here, at my place.”
I forgot to mention, was not anymore nighttime, but daylight. Even morning after the pinky line, which would be the rising sun space, from his window.
“What time is it?”
“Six in the morning.”
“You stood awake all night?”
“Of course, someone had to take care of you.”
My looks were on the ceiling.
“You know what I still don’t get it. Why your fitness instructor wanted to beat you? You didn’t pay her classes?”
I smiled but not in a good mood. I couldn’t stand no longer to hide or hold the truth in me. Was no longer needed to act and to have the courage to tell him. If Helen didn’t killed me, he will. Or under Laurence’s face or Alex’s mask. Therefore, I closed my eyes and took a deep breath.
“You know Laurence, it’s something that you don’t know. Even if after I will tell you, you have the right to end what Helen started.”
“What do you mean?”
I looked into his warm and honest eyes.
“I’m sorry but…I knew…I knew you somehow before we met personal. I knew about your illness from a file…”
“Meaning?” He said calm.
“Meaning that I am a student at psychology, and I had a project here, to study a mental illness case. In this one was about schizophrenia. You were my studying subject. Mine and Damian too.”
I kept silence, even if my body was numb, I felt my heart beating with so much power, pushing fast the blood in all my cells, giving me so many emotions. Laurence looked down to the ground and smiled, I was prepared from any minute to wake up with a feast in my mouth, to be again filled with blood.
“Come on. Get some rest.”
I remained stupid by his calm. How this truth couldn’t affect him?
“You are joking, right? Didn’t you hear what I said?”
“Yes I heard.” He said, watching me with calm and smiling, taking my hand into his.
“And?”
“And what? Good for you.”
“Good for me?” I said full of amazed. I didn’t understand his reaction.
“Abby. It’s something that you don’t know too.”
I frowned my eyebrows, asking myself what.
“I knew.”
From frowning, I made large eyes, almost popping from the orbits. I remained speechless.
“You…just knew? Mara told you?”
“Yes.”
“Yes? Oh my God. She told you now, right? I mean when we where at her place.”
“No.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Abby, because of me you are actually here.”
I didn’t had words to spill, and to repeat amazed was not good enough.
“How?”
“So, if we speak about the truth, you deserve to know yourself one. Like I said, you are here because of me and of Mara. She helped me from a long time to be calm and temperamental. And she told me about your project. She already chose you and Damian for it, and asked my opinion. Of course, I agreed to become friends you guys and not a simple subject. When I saw you C.V. I was impressed. Not to mention your photo from it, I liked you since then. I said I want her, I don’t care. And with Damian, Mara explained to me that if I could be friend with him, then Damian somehow will not risk his mind to get sick in schizophrenia. And I said yes. The condition was to not reveal this plan to you, but to observe how you would try to not reveal your truth to me. Mara gave me advices how to test you in this job. You had traps in the project, but you managed them very good, even when I revealed my ill to you. Only one thing I didn’t like at you, the fact that you didn’t trust me completely and you shouldn’t find out that Mara was my psychiatrist.”
Oh God…no. Was a dream…How the…how can everything be planned before? The thought that I was desperate for hiding the truth from Laurence frustrated me, and everyone around me was playing a scene and myself I was a joker-actress.
“No…It’s impossible…means that…with the love thing was a plan?”
“No! This feeling came across in time. I still love you; I regret so much that I didn’t took my pills when you met Alex. And Mara told me that it is a wonderful thing, even if was not that good for you to like me that much.”
I kept silence. The truth was that a part of me was denying and the other one accepting.
“I have still one question for you. Who the heck is this Helen?” He said, making me smiling.
“It’s not my instructor of course. She is or was my supervisor teacher. She was supposed to watch me and Damian working at the project, how we do it, to send information to our teachers back home, and to stop us for getting drunk all the time clubbing all night. Things that she was doing for us.”
He laughed, and his laughing calmed me. I didn’t had much to say about this, now that cards are shown.
“Lars? You put me a condition for helping me, remember? What was it?”
He silent got hardly up and sighed. He went to his desk and pulled the drawer, searching for something. I didn’t managed to see what he took from it, because that thing he found hide it from my curious eyes. He returned to my bed and he puts himself in the knees.
“Abby, even if it’s not a romantic space, or much special but…”
Then he shown me the thing he grabbed from the desk. Was a little black box, inside with a diamond ring.
“Abigail Woods, do you want to be my wife?”
“W…what?”
The amazed thing that I had when he told me the all truth was nothing beside this proposal thing.
“Do you?”
“L…Lars, we just met a month ago.”
“I know. But I love you so much and I want to spend my life with you.”
I swallow dry. My mind flew to Damian.
“I accept, but it’s my turn to put a condition.”
Chapter IX-
 Epilogue
It was raining. I wasn’t surprise at all, but I didn’t think to take an umbrella or something. I was seating at the airport, looking around for a cab. The British city was very crowded even at the airport, with many people trying to run away from the cruel weather.
I had a small bag at me, holding it tight, fearing to not wake up without it, and at the fourth finger was seating the new ring from Laurence. I wanted so bad to arrive at the destination with the taxi, no matter how much euros would cost me.
When I was about to take one, an old man was faster then me, taking it.
“What an asshole.” I said angry.
What should I do? But something distracted my attention, namely a double-decker red bus. Maybe was a good idea, and cheaper of course to take the bus. Therefore I went straight to it, seeing the zone where it was heading, knowing that Damian’s address was there.
I got in, paid and took a seat somewhere in the back, watching the rain splashing the window. My mind flew to the last day in Greece. Laurence proposed me to be his wife, and by the condition, which brought me in London, I said yes. I couldn’t be indifferent by Damian’s situation, I had to see how he was doing. I somehow was afraid that was a little too late, that he made a stupid gesture especially that I didn’t heard from him since he left Greece. Maybe I was doing a wrong thing with Laurence, to become the future Miss Mill, Abigail Mill.
With a little help from Mara, I found out where Damian should be in London, and that dream address was false, I didn’t wake up with it written on a piece of paper, but my intuition was yelling at me to go and see this problem maker boy. So, with a little faith in my soul, the last one for him indeed, I arrived from Athens to London, and I was so glad when Laurence didn’t argued with me about this, especially that he let me alone coming to England. I really wanted to fulfill my plan, even though all the summer in Greece was a plan made by me and the rest of the world, the only one who didn’t took part was Damian.
I was waiting quiet at my place, until I will get down. A lot of thought were crossing my mind, like a water torrent. I didn’t know what I should tell Damian, in the moment I will meet him, I really didn’t know.
I put my head on the cold window, staring into space, my mind flew at him and at the situation I was in.
Maybe wasn’t such a good idea to visit him, and I was guided just by a silly dream, a plan. Anyway, I was insight that he would not be the same, I mean that he will not be like I last saw him. The bus stopped, and I ran out hurrying, noticing that I end up in a neighborhood full of houses. I saw a little sign and I headed at it to read the name of the street I was. Yep, was the street I was searching for it, and I was just had to find the number 22 house. I sighed and putted my hood on my head, to not be soaking wet until I will get to him. I felt the blood rushing throw my veins, giving me emotions and fearing in some way my meeting with him. I watched the signs on the each house I passed it, which was written the number. 19, 20, 21 and finally 22. The house was pleasant like aspect, far for being cared, especially the lawn, which was like a swamp. I entered with courage in the courtyard, opening slowly the creaky door and tried to go on a path straight to the house door. Arrived there, with emotions what so ever, I knocked softly on the door. I had in mind to knock again and to run away, but I couldn’t do that, I came all the way to do what exactly? To run, then to spend all my life full with regrets? I knocked again, but no one answered. Something told me that Damian saw me when I entered in the yard, and was now was refusing to open the door. I knocked again, but this time with a bit of more straight, like a cheap jack. Nothing. I was already discouraged, was no one really home? I saw a ring bell button and with some power, I pushed it, to be heard. I waited in silent, and my heart came into my throat when someone was coming at the door. It opened and a read head woman with green eyes came into the picture. She had a little round face and the skin white as snow.
“Yes?”
“Good day, I’m sorry to bother you. It’s Damian here?”
The woman didn’t answer, only looking ugly at me like I cursed her or something, I noticed that she rolled over her eyes, sighting.
“Who is looking for him?”
“A colleague of his. Abby, Abigail Woods.”
The woman made big eyes when she heard my name.
“The project partner?”
“Yes…you can say that.”
“I am so sorry. Please, do come in.”
She moved over making me space. The lobby was almost empty. Beside the stairs for the next floor, was in the left side and a brown dirty carpet on the floor. I slowly entered, looking all over the place.
“Let’s go please in the kitchen. I am so sorry about the mess inside. I really wanted to start cleaning.”
I didn’t say a word, only looking again around, hoping to see Damian’s face popping from a corner. I went to the kitchen, and to be honest, the mess was less saying; unwashed dishes in the sink, plants almost dried and to not continue. Seemed to be that the depression putted its marks pretty serious on the house.
“Would you like a cup of tea?”
Of course, so British.
“Ah, yeah why not.” I said polite.
“Sorry, if you desire something else, tell me, we drink tea a lot.”
“No, no, it’s fine, really.”
“We will stay in the living room.”
She purred in two white cups, boiled water over some tea bags, with her hand shaking, was she thinking why I came?
She smiled to me, and invited me to take a seat on the floral wallpaper sofa in the living room. It was somehow, with just an idea, more pleasant then the rest of the house, having yellow walls all around. A huge painting with a ship on a storm sea time, took over my attention. A big plant in the corner of the room was somehow like thrown there. Mrs. Jones puts the cups on the front sofa table, and I took a seat smiling.
“So. What is the occasion Abby?”
“Well, I came to visit Damian.”
“He is not home right now.”
“Really? Do you know where he is?”
She drank from the cup, like she was avoiding intentional the subject.
“No. He told me that…he would go with some mates in town and…He does know when he will return.”
She was lying. I knew that, not in vain I was passionate about psychology. She didn’t looked in my eyes when she told me that lie, plus that she had some hesitations and pauses in the speech, which made me think that she was thinking at a lie.
“And he doesn’t have a phone number, to call him that I am here.”
“Oh no…No…He didn’t take his phone with him.”
Again, a lie, and again she drank from the tea, putting back the cup with her hand shaking so bad, that I was afraid that she could shed on me.
“Are you sure? Then would you mind if I will wait him here?”
“Unfortunately yes, I would…I have a lot of work to do.”
“I can help.”
“He might get back very late.”
“That’s strange. Usually Damian was alone, not having friends and he isn’t the type of guy to hang out with a gang in the town. Did he suddenly change?”
“Something like that. He returned from Greece very cheerful.”
She was so lying to me. I knew too much Damian for him to have friends, and to go out with them. I drank too from the tea and I told her.
“You know, I really wish to see him. I came all away here to reach him.”
The woman didn’t say anything, watching the window.
“Damian is not…”
“Why aren’t you telling me the truth?”
She remained amazed by my attitude. On the other hand, I was smiling honestly, waiting for her to tell me the truth.
“Do you…do you think I am lying to you?”
“Yes. Mrs. Jones, where is actually Damian?”
A black thought came into my mind, thrilling me, fearing that someway was too late. Because she wasn’t speaking, I got up watching the window.
“You know, this will sound weird but Damian’s dad came to me in a dream. A young man, with blond long hair…I dreamt a very beautiful mansion, Mrs. Kate. Was royal after his family, but he quit the title for you. Am I wrong?”
After the broking cup sound, I realized that I shocked her. She looked me very amazed but scared in the same time.
“How…How do you know all this? Even Damian doesn’t know.”
“I told you, I dreamt him. And your husband send me here. It’s seems strange but I believed him. Damian is not safe, that’s why please be honest with me. Where is Damian?”
“Ok, you deserve to know. The truth is the he loved you very much.”
“How do you know that?” I said suspicious.
“Because he was calling me from Greece, crying. Was jealous, you were hurting him.”
I was too in shock, and from her serious voice, I realized it was like that. I didn’t know what to say in that moment, to apology for everything?
“So…Where is Damian?”
“Damian is interned, at a center.”
“What?”
“Yes. He changed so much, since he came home. He is no longer him, I don’t recognize him anymore.”
“So I came too late. He closed himself in.”
“Yes.”
Silence, I was hearing only the raindrops outside and my thoughts, being so tortuous and weird. I didn’t know what to say next, or to say that I was afraid to loose him, which I did, my nightmares came reality, he died…That Damian I knew died, I will never see him again in my life.
“You know, I really wish to see him.”
“I do not think it is such a good idea.”
“Why not?”
“How I said before, Abby, he is not longer himself, he changed, he is a completely different person now…I do not wish for you to see him as he is now, but to remember how he was back then.”
“Only the thought to not see him again hurts like hell, not to mention that I came here for him, for a reason. Please, I want to see him.”
Nothing. Mrs. Jones just sighed, probably thinking that was a good idea and I sensed perfectly, because she stood up and said.
“Ok Abby, you won. You have the right, but I am warning you. He is not the Damian which you met in Greece.”
“It really doesn’t matter, if he is the Damian I know or not. I just want to see him, alive.”
After a half an hour, Mrs. Jones and I were in her car, an English Ford, pretty cute, even if I sensed every single rock on the road. I was watching the crowded road, not knowing what to believe, just to stop planning and to stop thinking at the worst things can happen. Laurence wanted by all means to come with me in England, but I really didn’t want that to happen. Point number one that he wasn’t aware about my feelings for Damian, more then just a friend, and point number two, I don’t think Damian would like to see Laurence in his eyes, especially to find out that I will be his future wife.
“We are here.” Said Mrs. Jones, taking away my thought to Laurence and making me watch an old white and brown building. I felt my tears in my eyes, knowing that Damian was there, and the treatments, which were applied to the patience, were horrible. My mom used to tell me stories about mental sick persons in the centers.
Mrs. Jones parked her car very carefully, and that reminded me about Helens car, which was parked in such a way that the rest of the parked cars didn’t had space to exit; I smiled at that picture but not too much because was about Helens car.
We got out, and Mrs. Jones gave me an umbrella and we walked on a cubic path to the enter of the building. There a woman, pretty big, like in those horror movies, stopped us. Mrs. Jones told her why we came there, and that Helga woman called a nurse, with a much good and pleased aspect.
She told us to follow her, and in my mind came the image the day where I went to meet Damian in the hotel, but instead of the light, clean hallways, there were empty, white, cold ones. My heart was beating harder in my chest, because I didn’t know what would expect me to see, I didn’t want to see Damian put away in a strait jacket, with his mouth gagged.
The nurse led us in a room with chairs and small tables, and in the corners were plants, like sick ones. In the room, was a woman dressed in white, with her head shaking, speaking to the wall. I took a seat on one of these chairs, and next to me, Mrs. Jones took one.
After a couple of minutes, my heart came back into my throat. The nurse came back but this time with someone else, holding hands. Damian.
When I saw him, I jumped in the air, and looked at him with my eyes swimming in tears. He was very thin, with dark circles around his eyes and his skin was pale. He looked like a corpse, and I was very shocked.
“Damian, let’s seat down, shall we? Look who came here to visit, you mommy.”
I didn’t understand why the nurse was speaking to him like he was an five old child, but I realized that he wasn’t that far from one.
“Mommy!”
“My sweet boy.”
I watched him run towards his mother, hugging her happy.
“We go now home, right?” He said, scaring me much more then before, and I dried fast my tears.
“Not yet my love. Soon, ok?”
“Damian, let’s show your mother what you drawn.” The nurse said, and again some tears came out. Damian came fast back in the room, being happy, carrying a piece of paper. He handed it to his mother, where was drawn a house, a little sun on the corner and also three humans with smiling faces. I smiled myself when I saw it, not knowing how to control my tears.
“Damian. Who are they?” Mrs. Jones asked, smiling to her son.
“This is you. This is me and…” he said thinking, and then he turned his look to me, and with it flashed all my body.
“Is her.”
“Damian. Do you know who is her?”
“Abby.”
I smiled with all my mouth, having tears in my eyes. Damian smiled back and came to me, hugging me. A powerful warm took over my body.
“Abby, my best and best and best and best friend.” He said laughing, making me do the same.
“I love you Damian.”
“Me too, A lot. And a lot.”
I realized that the I love you thing said by me was truly for a guy my age, not to a closed child in that my age boy.
Didn’t last long and the nurse told us that the visiting is over, so we had to leave. Mrs. Jones hugged her son with love, then was my turn. I didn’t know how to proceed, what to do, therefore I hugged him, kissing his cheek. He, like a child, blushed and turned away. I exit the room, watching him for the last time. Even if he remained in my soul, I will never forget that child face.
The End.

