Pursuer
By Monique Morgan
Smashwords Edition 
Copyright 2012 Monique Morgan
Learn more about the author at moniquemorgan.com
Or
On Facebook

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is dedicated to my beautiful children
Daniella, Alexi and Anthony
And to my loving husband
Shane

Chapter 1- Falling to Earth

She walked the long grey hallway as she headed for class, her books heavy as she held them in her arms. She had spent too long in gym and now she was late for class, but she couldn’t help the urge in her to run. The crisp morning air flowing in and then out in a cloudy mist, the beating of her heart as her feet pounded on the dirt, the exhilaration that flowed through her very being as she experienced the closest thing to freedom that she had ever known. She could run forever.
The door to her class stood in front of her, she reached out and pulled it open, slipping into the room.
“You’re late Zanas. I am going to have to mark you tardy,” her stern teacher remarked.
Zanas quickly made her way to her seat, making no effort to reply. Whatever excuse she came up with would not matter, her teacher would never accept it, and for Zanas, a moment of feeling like herself was well worth the stern look of Mrs. Henderson.  
Just as Mrs. Henderson began to start her lecture again, the door to the classroom opened once more. The class turned and looked as the girl sauntered in. Her long black hair hanging loose, blended in so well with her all black ensemble. Her dark onyx eyes were heavily outlined in black. On some girls, this look would be over the top, but here, the dark pallet extenuated the almost feline nature of the girl. Their teacher frowned.
“What a surprise, its Asenya and the two Cronwell sisters are late for class again. You both are heading towards detention.” Zanas’s sister rolled her eyes as she walked up the aisle, her shapely hips swaying through a mid-drift black shirt. She sat down next to Zanas with a sigh.  
Zanas examined her twin as the teacher continued droning on. Although they were twins, identical twins, they still looked very different. Her sister’s clothing usually consisted of very little and always, much to their parent’s dismay, black. In Asenya’s eyes, there was no such thing as too much black eyeliner, which always matched her long painted black nails. Everything she did, from walking down the hallway, to sitting in a desk, exuded a strong charismatic appeal. Asenya had many boyfriends, but not for very long. As Zanas watched, Asenya pursed her full lips, and Zanas thought she had never seen such a beautiful, dark girl.
Zanas, on the other hand, was more reserved. She did not bask in attention as her sister did, yet quietly walked through life, immersed in physical activity. Like her sister, she also had her hair long, but where Asenya wore it loose, Zanas had it pulled into a braid. She was always on the go, and could not stand to have it tangling. At sixteen, she had twice won in her state division for archery, and as a member of the track team, she was the fastest runner they had, her long muscular body agile and flexible. When she was younger, her mother had diligently taken her to gymnastics and ballet, and she never lost the soft walk of a dancer.  
When she was nine, Zanas had begged and begged to attend the mixed martial arts school in the big city. Her mother had refused softly at first, her plain brown eyes narrowed in worry, wringing her hands like a frightened little bird. But Zanas had been determined, and as she always did, her mother gave in to her request. That had been seven years ago, and she had never lost a tournament. The sleek toned movement of a dancer, combined with a fighter, never ceased to amaze her opponents. Her mother kept a large mahogany china cabinet to hold all of Zanas’s trophies, an overwhelming collection of small metal women standing on pedestals.
The girls had been lucky to be adopted by a rich couple who were unable to conceive. They had been pampered since the day they were brought home, constantly surrounded by nannies and attendants. Their parents had sent them to an expensive private school ever since they started kindergarten. The girls blossomed well in the environment; however, they always wondered where they had originally come from, and why they had been abandoned as babies.
After class, Zanas and her sister separated into a sea of students, following different schedules. Zanas made a point to collect the next week’s assignments from each of her teachers. She would miss the entire next two weeks, attending an archery competition in Brazil.
They met on the steps of their grand school, two dark and different twins. They waited in silence, as the long black Rolls Royce pulled up. Asenya bounced into the car and sprawled herself across the back seat, and Zanas took a seat opposite of her, placing her backpack down next to her. She pulled out a book she had been assigned in English, glancing up as her sister began softly snoring. Asenya never bothered with a seat belt and she was curled up in a fetal position on the long seat. Zanas was once again struck by how feline her sister was.
It took them almost an hour to reach their house, if it could even be called a house. The sprawling castle structure had been built over three hundred years ago. It had been passed down from generation to generation, and the family owned hundreds of acres in the heavily wooded Connecticut estate. The Rolls Royce pulled up to the high black iron gate, which magically swung open, as the security guards watching through cameras opened them. Zanas always felt like she was returning home when they took this long drive up to the house. From here, the house was not visible, just a long road surrounded by green foliage. Ten minutes later, they rounded a bend, and the huge mass that was their home appeared.
Its massive bulk shadowed the car as they drove up, its large towering walls expanding upward in such way as to resemble a stone mountain, thrust forward from the earth. Ivy grew on one side of the structure giving it an earthy feel, as if it belonged in this place; a perfect fit. The car pulled up to its massive entranceway and the driver opened the door for the sisters to exit. Asenya entered first, turned immediately toward the left, and headed toward the kitchen. Zanas paid no attention; she had something else on her mind.
She hurried across the marble floor and up the delicately curving staircase, her hand trailing on the dark bannister, its smoothness caressing her skin. Zanas made her way across the long hallway that led to her wing of the house, past the centuries old paintings and portraits on the walls. All the pictures depicted an earlier point in time, renditions of ghosts that once walked the halls, but had since been long forgotten. She walked past the antique furniture that was placed in any occupiable corner. The large double doors to her room came into view and Zanas pushed them open, walking across the hardwood floor, her shoes making a soft whooshing sound. In the closet, she changed into some stretch pants and a tank top. It was fall and a little chilly, but she would be warm, nonetheless. As she made her way toward the door, Zanas caught sight of herself in the mirror.
She gave a soft chuckle and a smile played at her full round lips. She had once again, unknowingly, chosen the same colors as her sister, all black. The difference was where Asenya’s black was expressed in a feline way; hers was exuded in way that resembled a huntress. She needed no makeup to enhance the delicately beautiful lines of her face. Tossing her long black braid over her shoulder, she stepped into her boots.
Within five minutes, Zanas made her way through the house and out the back doors. The immediate grounds were neat and tamed. Beautiful ornamental trees adorned the perfectly manicured lawn, and small flowering bushes were been planted in an orderly manner. However, just past these methodically placed examples of nature, was its true portrait. A line of green trees formed the perimeter, a deep expanse that gave no hint as to what lay within its leafy enclosure. Zanas jogged to the entrance of the trees and began to race down the paths she had cut into the earth with her very own feet.
She ran through the forest with an excited abandonment. Zanas had never been able to express in words how she was able to move as she did. She leapt and turned, bending with the earth, feeling its curves and bumps, and matching her feet to them. She had never fallen or tripped. When she was in the trees, it was as though she was connected to the green living creation. A soft snow had begun to fall, so thin and small that it looked like a shower of sparkling diamonds, glittering peacefully to the ground.
A movement made her halt her thundering pace; two ice blue eyes stared back at her through the trees. A wolf. She had never seen one before, and it was extremely close. They stared at each other, huntress to huntress, blue eyes meeting black. She felt a small tingling in her inner core that spread like a bolt of lightning, the wolf gave one final piercing look before trotting off. Zanas heard a faint howling in the distance. She had goose bumps across her flesh.  
Her sister was in her room when Zanas returned, glancing up from her bed as she walked past her door. Zanas entered Asenya’s room and sat at the edge of her bed, while Asenya absently turned through the pages of a magazine. 
“What is it?” she asked, suddenly looking up and staring at Zanas. “What’s wrong?”  
“I saw something in the woods; it felt like some sort of sign… I don’t know how to explain it,” she replied. Her sister dropped the page she was turning and reached out towards her Zanas.
“Let me see,” Asenya whispered, her long fingers reaching out and falling on her sister’s arm. Zanas watched as Asenya’s eyes glazed over and her face became blank. What Asenya was seeing, only she could see.   
Asenya had these “fits” since as long as Zanas could remember. Their parents had been terrified, thinking there was something wrong with her. They feared she was having seizures and took her to hoards of doctors, each one probing and prodding, taking their tests and their samples. Asenya had been so weak lying in the hospital, exhausted from yet another test, yet another medication. Zanas had taken her hand, holding it to her face. 
“You must hide what happens,” she had whispered. “We know they will never find something wrong, but they will never stop testing.” Asenya had nodded and they worked together to convince the doctors, and their parents, that it had all been some mysterious illness that Asenya eventually outgrew. Asenya never told anyone but Zanas the things that she saw when her eyes developed the glassy doll stare. She would get flashes of images, sometimes hints at possible futures, and other times, warnings.
Asenya pulled her hand free from her sister’s arm. Her eyes still had a slight dreamlike shine, as though she were experiencing the web like effects of some dream. “I see you running… running free with a pack of your own. It is glorious. You are glorious.” With her last words, she shook her head, seeming to be a last attempt at clearing the cobwebs. Then Asenya was back, looking at her with an intense expression. And all she said was, “Interesting.”
… … …
They crowded into the terminal, being jostled by fellow travelers. Zanas was reminded of a cage filled with vultures. Her mother was dressed impeccably, her solon soft hair falling in waves to just below her shoulders. Her father was dressed in a suit and was struggling with their luggage, searching for the tickets. Asenya was seated in one of the chairs in the terminal, and she met Zanas’s eyes with an exasperated expression of boredom. As usual, she was dressed all in black, a long dress that flowed to her ankles, and tiny flats that resembled doll shoes. Zanas was dressed casually in a pair of jeans and a black sweater. They looked like a mismatched puzzle, this family of four. 
The sky outside the terminal windows was dark and overcast; small drops of water beginning to fall, splattering the concrete with their bodies. Zanas felt a shiver run through her as a sense of foreboding came over her. All morning she had been plagued by a queasiness in her stomach, something did not feel right. Nevertheless, since her sister had yet to mention anything, and she was usually the one that felt such things, Zanas resigned herself to forgetting it.  
The first-class passengers where called and they boarded the plane. When Zanas was finally seated, she stared out the window and into the dreary day. Lightning flashed, illuminating the inside of the plane, casting eerie shadows on the twins. Seconds later the resounding explosion of energy vibrated the air, the boom causing Zanas heart to skip in excitement. She had always had some innate need to be outside in a storm, to have the rain beat at her flesh. The danger of the fierce eruptions of lightning only made the thought seem more appealing.
The rain outside the plane turned into a heavy pour, covering the window in a layer of moisture, everything turning to a watery haze. The pounding of the rain sounded like a soothing lullaby, bouncing off the plane with a melody. Zanas drifted off to sleep beside her sister, her parents bickering quietly among themselves across the aisle.  
The violent jerk of the plane awoke her, and as her eyes opened, they were blinded with a flash of light. Her vision began to clear and she caught sight of the dark storm that loomed outside her window. Her mind drifted back to her earlier thought of the storm, she had gotten her wish, as the plane flew in the middle of a black cloud of crackling energy. The cabin was once again filled with light; a fierce sound echoed the flash and screamed in her ears, as though a flash grenade had exploded directly in front of her.
White colored her vision and she reach out blindly for her sister, finding her reaching back. They held tightly to each other. Her vision started to clear and she could finally see the scene around her. The frightened faces of her parents and sister were the first things she saw, staring steadily back at her. It took her just a moment to realize it was not her that they were looking at, but the view outside her window.
She turned her face, staring out into the eye of the storm, unlike any storm she ever could have imagined in her wildest of dreams. The plane hovered, surrounding by a dark cylindrical mass. The stormy enclosure was alive with energy, tiny bolts of energy bouncing excitedly, a brilliant display of light. The energy began to build, the brightness of the cloud growing brighter and brighter. Zanas watched as Asenya’s long hair began to float around them, flashes of energy sparking from the ends.
She heard the sound of their mother’s frightened voice, and looked over to find her on the verge of tears. She had never seen her mother like this before, too scared to cry, tears only just held at bay. The air almost seemed to be buzzing with energy, as once again everything turned to white, the sonic boom that exploded in the air deafening her.
Her vision cleared this time as she faced the window. No longer was the sky colored dark, a purple line stretched across the horizon, the shadow outline of water was below them. The sky turned once more a brilliant shade of purple, and then it was dark. Zanas could hear the sound of passengers around her as the night sky came into focus.
“Look at the stars! Look at the stars!” a frightened voice whispered.
The sky was bright with large clusters of stars, so densely packed they almost shinned as one. A beautiful night sky, shinning with radiance. An alien radiance, these stars were unknown. The noise of the cabin turned to a deathly silence, as the engines of the plane began to whine, giving one last metallic groan before stopping. The plane tilted violently, as the nose pointed downwards, and cabin once again erupted in sound, as the passengers began to scream.
It all seemed to stop in one thunderous roar, and Zanas was flung forward into a blue pool of light. She chocked for a moment, wondering why she was unable to breathe, and finally realized she was underwater. Zanas reached for her seatbelt and felt the latch release as she clicked it. She searched for Asenya and found her still seated next to her, limp. Zanas fumbled for Asenya’s seat belt and jerked her free. Her lungs started to burn, she was trapped in a dark tomb of death, unable to see.  
A sense of calm washed over her, as if her body knew the way to life, to air. She found herself swimming, an iron grip on her sister’s wrists. She swam and swam, not knowing where she was headed, but somehow understanding it was in the right direction. There was one last moment of tension, and her head popped above the surface of water, into a sky of a million twinkling stars. Zanas had never seen a sky like this, so bright and aweing. She found herself gasping at the beauty that was exploding before her. She pulled her sister close, as she felt her body go slack, and collapsed into unconsciousness.


Chapter 2-Dark Forest

Her face felt rough and stuck. She cracked open her sore eyelids and came face to face with two beady eyes. She jerked her head and moaned, as the sudden movement brought a sharp pain. Her vision started to focus. Zanas realized that she was lying on a sandy white beach, a small crab making its way across her path, the frothy smack of the ocean lapping at the shore. Glancing up she saw the thick forest of trees that lined the beach. It was then that she spotted her sister. Asenya was lying ten yards from her, face down in the sand.
Disregarding the pain that shot through her head, Zanas pulled herself up, and ran to Asenya’s side. With a heave, she shoved her sister over onto her back. Asenya’s eyes were closed and she was so still, that Zanas felt herself holding her breath in terror. She searched for any sign of life. Just when she was about to raise her voice in a wail of anguish, she saw the slight rise of Asenya’s chest. Zanas shook her slightly and felt herself relax when her sister opened her eyes.
“We survived,” Asenya whispered. Zanas nodded and held her sister close. 
There were people along the beach, and a few scattered across the coastline. One woman sat with vacant eyes, rocking back and forth, muttering something incomprehensible to either of the girls. They wandered up and down the beach searching the people, looking for any sign of their parents. They mourned when they turned bodies over, only to find vacant eyes staring back at them. These glass eyes would never again clear and come alive.
The twins searched in vain and found no sign of their parents, who seemed to have been swallowed, like hazy memories into a sea of pain. Zanas tried to recall her last vision of her parents, and only saw her mother’s eyes filled with fear, and unspilled tears. She reached for her sister’s hand and they began to walk towards the group of people who were forming in the center of the beach. Zanas made a mental count of the survivors; nine.   
As the girls stepped forward, the survivors turned and stared at them. They consisted of three women, four men and a small child. The woman, who had been muttering earlier, sat silent. All the passengers seemed weary, not quite knowing how to comprehend the situation they had suddenly found themselves thrust into. Zanas walked into the middle of them. 
“We have no idea where we have landed. We do not even know if help will ever arrive.” Zanas stressed. “That may be harsh, but it’s the reality. We must start worrying about our basic needs. Two of those are shelter and water. I suggest some of us stay behind and create a shelter, while the rest of us scout the area for fresh water and edible food.”
A low mummer began among them and quickly those who would stay behind, and those who would venture into the forest where established. Four of them would enter the woods; Zanas, Asenya, a young man named Thomas who seemed to be no more than nineteen, and a dark haired woman around twenty-five.  
When they entered the forest, Zanas was amazed by how beautiful it was. She had never seen trees so tall or so large; she had never even imagined that trees could grow to be that size. They walked through areas where huge green banana leaves bent across their path and they had to push them out of the way. The air was thick with moisture, so thick Zanas could taste the water molecules as they entered her mouth.
The trees covered the sky with their branches, huge towering arms outstretched in an enveloping canopy. Light beamed down from above through small holes in the foliage and seem to stretch down towards them, like rays sent from a heavenly above. The forest was alive with a thousand different sounds, and Zanas’s ears twitched while trying to discern them. She heard what sounded like crickets, as well as exotic birds that erupted in a haunting cry as they passed them. 
They were just coming around a bend when Zanas heard it, the roar of water hitting earth close by. She led them forward past a patch of the biggest plants she had ever seen. They were taller than Thomas, with thick stems that ended abruptly in an open flower. Although she would not entirely describe it as a flower.  As the flower itself had no ornamental qualities, but instead, sharp looking spikes that erupted from its sides. Dozens of them formed a giant circular crop, silent figures reaching towards the sky. There seemed something familiar about this plant, but Zanas dismissed the feeling as she led them past and towards the sound of water.
Just around some towering banana leaves, Zanas caught sight of a beautiful waterfall. There was no order to this giant, as it cut from one side of the rock crevice to the other, making the waterfall cascade into a pool of green-blue water. It was so wild and beautiful at the same time. They let out a small cheer as they made their way towards the pool. Zanas dipped her hands into the water and drank deeply, the flavor pure and refreshing. 
She relaxed by the shore of the small cove and watched as her sister went for a swim. Asenya’s long dress had been torn down one side and she had torn off much of the bottom when they had entered the jungle. The heat was much too stifling to encourage thicker clothing. Zanas had emerged rather unscathed and had only a few tears in her jeans, but she had long since begun to regret the sweater. Her sister was washing her hair, trying to remove all the debris that had been caught in it from the crash and the trek through the forest. Zanas’s hair was surprisingly still braided; she pulled the long tail over her shoulder and stroked its length, drawing comfort in this somehow.
Zanas was taking another cool drink of water, when she heard the scream, and immediately knew that it was the woman that had come with them. She scolded herself for not keeping a better eye on her, as they rushed back the way they had come. 
The woman was standing in the middle of the crop of plants. One of the open mouths, for it was now clear that the flower was an open mouth, had closed on her body, the long razor ends piercing into her chest. As they watched, the top of the plant closed, joining together, entombing a pair of terrified eyes, and a mouth that gurgled blood.  
Zanas sprang into action, picking up a jagged rock lying nearby, and hacking the thick stem of the plant until she severed its hold on the earth. The woman and plant collapsed, and in death, the plant slowly wilted and released its hold. They stared down in horror. The woman had been stabbed numerous times by the barbed ends, piercing her fragile body in critical areas. From the paralyzed response of its prey, Zanas would guess that the plant released some kind of neurotoxin into its victims to keep them from escaping. She also hoped that it numbed the pain, as the young woman’s eyes glazed over, and faded out.
She remembered now where she had seen a plant like this before. In her science class, a small predator that survived off flesh, Dionaea muscipula, also known as the Venus Fly Trap. This seemed like some sort of mutation of that plant. 
Thomas stood off to the side, his eyes wide and frozen. Zanas could read the panic on his face. She noticed one of the plants behind him start to slowly descend its mouth, the sharp thorny teeth reaching forward. Zanas grabbed Thomas and yanked him out of the center, trying to make their way out of the gathering of flesh eaters, Asenya following closely behind. They broke through the perimeter, and Thomas collapsed to the ground panting and gasping for air. As they turned back, they watched as the plants gave one last shudder, before returning to their immobile pose, forever reaching.
Zanas felt a soft misty vapor that quickly turned to a pouring torrent of rain. They were immediately soaking wet and found it hard to breathe with so much water floating around them. Through the haze, Zanas noticed a hollowed tree. She pulled her companions into the empty giant, and they huddled together, shivering. 
“What just happened?” Thomas stammered. Both Zanas and Asenya shook their heads, neither had an answer for the frightened boy.
… … …
The rain continued for what seemed like hours. Zanas sat watching the deluge of water as it poured past the entranceway to the tree. Thankfully, it was placed on an angle, or they would be soaking in water by now. She glanced at Asenya and Thomas, who were both asleep. Lightning flashed in the center of the sky, illuminating the tree and sending a brilliant bolt of excitement through Zanas. The smell of wet earth entered her nostrils, and she felt as though she could smell the very essence of the forest, alive with pure freedom, as though it were calling to her. She took one last look at Asenya and Thomas, and she sprinted out into the forest.
Zanas ran as though she was in the forest of her home. However, this was not her home. The trees there had been tame, shadows of their former selves, molded to the interpretation of man. No such thing had been done here. This was a wild and unaltered land Zanas pounded her bare feet into. She did not know where she was running, only that she moved and streamed along the green leafy paths. Zanas came into a meadow and came to a halt, scanning her surroundings. And then she saw it.
Its small head resembled a deer. She noted that it had no horns or sharp weapons of any kind. Only soft flesh, as it nibbled at the soaking grass. It took deep breaths, breathing out in a cloudy fog. The animal stamped one hooved foot into the ground, catching sight of her. Zanas felt a spring unwind inside her, and she sprang at the animal, her body stretching forward, landing on the creatures back. She wrapped her arms around the animal’s neck and squeezed with all her might. They lay there in the mud, the pouring rain bouncing all around them. A low growl erupted from Zanas’s throat and with one final jerk, she snapped the creature’s neck.  
Zanas sat there stunned for a moment, her hands in her lap, small drops of blood staining them. She had never killed anything in her life, she had never even intended to hurt the deer like creature, it had been uncontrollable. Zanas didn’t know how she felt about this. Part of her was horrified; she had killed an animal with her bare hands. Yet, another part of her was still filled with the adrenaline that coursed through the veins of a predator stalking prey. 
She picked up the animal, heading towards Thomas and her sister. Yet again, she had no way of explaining how she knew she was going the right way, she just knew. Before long, Zanas could see the hollowed tree in the distance. Thomas and Asenya were talking as she walked in, their words coming to an abrupt halt as they saw the animal. 
“It’s not very big,” Zanas explained. “But it’s something.” She placed the animal inside and sat down. She was wet, but her body was burning up from the inside out, as if she were getting sick. But she didn’t feel sick. In fact, she felt wonderful, strong, and full of life.
Zanas dozed off when a sound startled her. She immediately noticed the rain had stopped, and it was late into the night. Then she heard it again, a soft echoing sound, a seeking voice answered by others. She stepped out of the tree and into the forest. 
At first, Zanas thought she was imagining it. Purple lights floating and dipping in the air, a beautiful airborne ballet. The purple was so vibrant it seemed almost to be neon colored. In the pitch black of the night the color made her eyes ache. She stared at this floating vision with eyes wide. The center light came into view.
A soft buzzing filled the air, as its paper-thin wings flapped rapidly. The body of the creature was sparkling incandescently, as it hovered near her face. She leaned forward to view its shimmering body, and with one fierce dive, it jabbed her in the arm with a sharp barb. Zanas let out a small cry and smacked it into her arm, its juices squishing, leaving an opalescent trail. She heard stirring behind her and knew that she had awoken Asenya and Thomas. Zanas was extremely glad for this, as the rest of the purple darts came heading their way.
For all their beauty, the insects were not very smart or very coordinated. They were able to smack them inflight easily, and were only stung a handful of times. They stood there staring at each other, the bugs splattered everywhere, like a gory battlefield. But instead of blood, a purple incandescent fluid had scattered ubiquitously. All three of them were covered, streaks and splatters across their clothes, every one a star filled lightshow, floating in the canvas of the night.
Pieces of the insects had exploded on anything close by; the leafy trees surrounding them had splashes of color strewn across their bodies. They had moved along the ground, creating streaked trails of neon. However, these were not the only things that were beginning to glow. What had looked like sticks moments before, began to uncurl into luminous colored flowers. Their shades colored the forest with their beauty; dark burgundy, deep hunter green, and sapphire blues. The flowers gently opened and closed their petals, as if drinking in the night. Before the flying insects, the night had been filled with darkness. Now, it was lit up with a thousand twinkling lights.
No one dared go near the flowers to get a closer look at their beauty; they all remembered the plant that had tried to eat the woman earlier. There seemed something sinister in the way the petals opened and closed in a tantalizing way. They took turns sleeping, each one of them staring out in awe at the glorious world they had been dropped into from the heavens.


Chapter 3- The Village

They left immediately at first light, and had no problem finding their way, once the rain had stopped. Before long, they could smell the sweet ocean breeze and then they saw the beach. A small hut had been built near the edge of the trees, and a fire was blazing in a bed of rocks. The small group of survivors was happy to see the meat that Zanas brought and they immediately set to deciding how best to cook it. 
Zanas took a seat near the fire. Thomas described the night’s episodes relaying the gloomy news of the death of the woman. It seemed sad that no one could recall her name, and that she died on this mysterious island, nameless and unburied. Those in the hut described similar sightings from the sea. They claimed they had never seen so many aquatic creatures, illuminated beneath the waters. None of them had dared to enter into the depths. After the scene from the woods, Zanas was thankful they had not.
The deer like creature had rather tasty meat, and they were all thankful for food in their bellies. After they had finished eating, they decided that Zanas would lead them to the cove so that they could collect water. Some of them had had nothing to drink since the day before.
They followed quietly through the forest as Zanas led them. She kept her ears out for movement in the forest, scanning constantly for any sign of danger ahead. Although the survivors found the forest beautiful, they walked through it solemnly, reminded of the life it had already claimed.
They made it to the crop of flesh eaters, Zanas pointing them out, as they passed them by in silence. It was almost as though they felt that any slightest sound they made would bring the deadly foliage to life, but the plants remained in their still poses. The group ventured farther, until they were within view of the misty waterfall.
The waterfall was just as beautiful as it had been when Zanas had first seen it, the cascading water flowing down the turns of rock. The group let out a collective sigh, water had never looked more inviting, and they rushed out into the serene pool. 
Zanas watched as the survivors swam around, a soft laughter echoing back towards her. She could almost believe that she was on vacation, and her parents were just around the corner, perhaps trying to get signals for their electronic devices.
The thought of her parents brought a lump to her throat that she felt unable to swallow. A burning started behind her eyes and she shook her head, there was no room for weakness right now; she had to focus on keeping herself and Asenya alive. Her parents would want that most of all. They had never done anything but try to make sure the girls had the best lives possible. In their memory, Zanas would keep them alive.  
She searched for her sister and found Asenya’s eyes staring back at her. Asenya was seated on a rock, her long flowing hair trailing in the water. She was still beautiful, even with her makeup long since washed off, her black dress torn. If anything, the wild look made her seem even more beautiful. Asenya gave her a slight smile, trailing the surface of the water with her hands. 
Zanas narrowed her eyes at the forest around her. She heard something. No, she thought, that was not possible. The waterfall was making far too much noise for her to hear anything. But there it was again. She “heard” the soft swishing of a foot stepping through a leafy bush, bare toes squishing in the mud. Zanas concentrated, her brow wrinkling, as she heard others moving almost silently through the forest. She glanced back at the trail leading to the cove and saw them coming, two by two.
They were fierce and tall, their muscular bodies stretching and tensing as they walked. She watched as a woman approached, her hair braided in multiple black ropes, twisting and turning as she moved. They wore very little clothing, the men simply wore a breechcloth, and the women a short, form fitting dress that hung over one shoulder. 
The strange woman stood in front of Zanas, wearing a necklace of small bones, and she found herself wondering what animal they had come from. She also found herself staring at the woman’s face, tracing the outline of the tattooed pattern with her eyes. A bow was slung over the woman’s shoulder and she held a small staff in her hand, a razor sharp blade erupting from the top. Zanas could imagine this weapon smashing into its prey. She had never seen such a wild, fierce looking woman.
The woman began to speak a strange language that none of them had ever heard before. They replied by shaking their heads, waiting for the woman to understand that they did not comprehend what she was saying. The woman spoke to her companions for a moment, the rapid purring nature of the words soothing to Zanas’s ears. The natives appeared to come to some sort of conclusion, and the black haired woman, who seemed to be their leader, motioned that they were to follow. 
The survivors looked at each other. They were in a strange new world, surrounded by fierce looking warriors with barbaric looking weapons, and they were being told to follow. Where, they did not know, but deep down they all knew that in reality, they had no choice but to comply. Therefore, they matched their steps to those of the warriors.  
… … ...
They walked for what seemed like hours, the warriors speaking to each other in their singsong language, like some melody they created together. It became quite clear the leader of this band of a dozen warriors was the woman that had approached her. On closer examination, Zanas decided that “woman” might not be the right title for her, as she appeared to be more of a girl. It seemed odd for such a young person to be in charge of what looked like a group of seasoned warriors. However, there was no misunderstanding the respect and deference the men showed the warrior girl.
Zanas realized they were all somewhat young for a group that was obviously some kind of war party. Each one carried at least one weapon. One young man carried a club with jagged thorns that jutted out of it. Another red headed girl carried two curved blades that extended both in front and behind her hands, a wooden handle placed for grip. Zanas could imagine this blade being thrust into an oncoming enemy, and then pulled out to sink into an opponent behind. 
She found herself captivated by the tattoos that lined the warrior’s faces, swooping gracefully on one side, and trailing down their bodies like a path of ink. The tattoos seemed to shimmer, a light glow in the green of the forest.
They hiked even deeper into the jungle; the air was thick with moist, hot air. Zanas had long since torn off the sleeves of her sweater and she yearned for even less clothing. It was quiet, except for the haunting cries of the birds that seemed forever to be calling. She reached forward and pushed a long green leaf out of her way, and caught sight of a small pond. The water was clear, and after a long hike, looked very refreshing.
Zanas watched as Thomas rushed forward, walking a few feet into the pond, gathering a handful of water into his hands. The teenager with the club stepped forward and motioned aggressively. Thomas, in young pride, shoved at the boy, not understanding what he was saying. Zanas tensed as she watched the young warrior. It might be easy to dismiss this young looking boy, if you did not know what to look for. He was extremely well toned, with defined muscles that expressed years of high aerobics. She noticed the sure way he held his weapon, and realized he was very good with it. Zanas finally noticed the cold look in his eyes that expressed the depths of a soul that it had taken a life. This boy was a killer, and he could finish Thomas in a second.
Then the tension was gone. The boy shrugged, a knowing smile on his lips, and stepped aside. Zanas continued to watch the boy as he went to stand by the small girl with the knives and a crooked nosed teen. He said something to these two and they laughed, the small girl watching Thomas with menacing eyes. There was something in the way that she looked that seemed predatory to Zanas. But there was something else as well. Zanas concentrated for a moment. She was waiting.
Zanas heard the scream next, turning to see the long tentacle arms of a serpent pluck Thomas from the bank. He screamed again as he was lifted high in the air, and then he was slammed head first into the water, a large spray of liquid hitting those on the bank. The water was still, no longer any movement. Zanas stepped forward, a moment of confusion sweeping over her. The tiny red head stepped in front of her and shook her head, pointing to the water, and making a cutting motion across her neck, her beautiful eyes cold. Zanas understood her meaning perfectly, Thomas was dead already.
It was not long after that when they came to a more worn trail. Zanas could tell that it was used often and by many people. She could hear the sound of life up ahead and recognized there was some sort of village. As they came into a dense part of the forest, she noticed trees, just like the one they had sheltered in, hollowed out to make homes. The trees were enormous, and carved out they made a good-sized dwelling. Zanas noticed that they had tunneled right up through the center of the trees to serve as chimneys for their fires. There were people all around, staring out of the green of the jungle.  
They stood in their doorways, small squares cut into the trees that they covered with skin. The pathways were worn bare in between the trees, making it seem like a paved city. They continued down a path and erupted into a cleared central area. Zanas stared up and looked at the blue sky as she came into its presence. This must be where they gathered, a lone tree dwelling sat in the center of the clearing. They walked up to the front, and the black haired leader called something in her language. There was silence for a moment, and then a feminine voice responded. The skin was whisked aside, and a bent old woman stared at them, a toothless smile on her face.
Zanas followed the woman into her dwelling with the rest of the party. They sat around a huge fire, on the skins of animals she did not recognize. They were soon offered bowls of a wonderful smelling stew, that Zanas happily accepted, doubting they would bring her all this way just to poison her. The meat was gamey but with a wonderful roasted taste, mixed with roots and some kind of grain that easily mashed when chewed. She noticed a slight sheen to the roots, a slight glow.  
A pair of dark haired girls walked in, carrying a large bowl. They placed it before the old woman and she peered over the high ridge, staring deep inside it. The girls handed her a cup, and she dipped it in the bowl, bringing it to her mouth and drinking.
Zanas observed the crowd. The girls took turns carrying the bowl around to each of the warriors. Zanas watched as they all stared into the bowl and then drank from it. The bowl was brought to her next. The warriors had been chatting among themselves, with an occasional comment by the old woman. As they lowered the bowl in front of her, the room became silent, the warriors watching. Zanas leaned forward and stared into the glowing mist.   
She expected to see only liquid, but instead, turned her eyes to a sea of opulence. The bubbling mixture, swirled around the bowl, like a serpent awaiting release. The sweet smell of the liquid made her mouth start to water, and she lowered the cup into the bowl, lifting it to her lips. She took one last look at the warriors and their shaman, meeting the eyes of petite red haired warrior. A look was echoed in each of their eyes. They challenged her to drink the mixture. And Zanas was never one to shrink from a challenge. She tipped the cup back, drinking it until the last drop.
The liquid burned a trail down her throat, slithering down the inside of her like the opulent snake it resembled. She felt the substance traveling through her body, searing through her blood, and out towards her extremities. Finally, the burning began to subside, leaving an icy cold behind.
The bowl was picked up and placed in front of her sister, and she too swallowed the liquid. The other survivors quietly refused, and were met with sneers from the warriors, who immediately got up and exited the tree. Zanas realized when they lifted the flap that it was beginning to get dark, as she caught a glimpse of the night sky. As she turned to look at her sister, Zanas saw a trail of light as her head moved. Asenya stood near the old woman and the dark haired sisters, speaking softly, her lips moving rapidly. Zanas stood up to walk to her and found herself suddenly dizzy. She needed air, she thought as she stumbled out of the flap, and into the night.
A fire was burning in the clearing and natives were gathered all around it. She stumbled toward the fire, bumping into people along the way. A few turned to look at her, their faces elongated and blurry. A deep reverberating drumming echoed in the night. Every beat pounded onto the drums, was like a pounding in her soul. 
She had never experienced such dancing; there was no awareness, solely her and the beating of the drums. She felt the crowd of people around her, yet they did not exist. The pounding of her steps mimicked the pounding of her flying feet through the forest. Zanas opened her eyes and looked at the starlit sky, as it winked back at her. Breathing in the cool night air, she felt a bursting inside her, somewhere deep inside her spine. As though she had been chained for all her life, and at that very moment, those chains were cut.
The voices around her rose as one, hers joined with them.
“Oh great Alwahi, hear our cries. Oh great Alwahi, we are yours…”


Chapter 4- Warrior

Zanas awoke the next morning, staring up at the sky through the chimney in the tree. It was obvious that there had been a fire lit in the dwelling, but it was now nothing but coals. She had no memory of how she had gotten into the tree. Her eyes searched over the sleeping bodies, and she noticed the telltale sign of Asenya’s long black hair trailing out from beneath one of the furs. Quietly extracting herself, she exited out into the morning air.  
There were many people walking about and completing chores. She was no longer in the clearing she had been in the night before, but housed in one of the trees that lined the long worn pathway. A few children ran past her carrying small sticks that eerily reminded her of the club the teen boy had carried the day before. Zanas had no particular direction that she was heading and no one paid her any notice. It was becoming clear the survivors were not considered captives, which made her begin to wonder what they were considered.
Deep in thought, she almost walked right into the petite red haired girl that they had trekked with the day before. The girl came striding out from one of the tree dwellings, and gave an agile step back to avoid colliding with Zanas. They stared at each other for a moment and then the girl smiled, walked back into her tree, and came out quickly with a bundle. She handed it over to Zanas.
“Surrena asked that I give this to you and your sister. Farther down the trail, there is a safe pool for you to bathe. No one will be eaten by the kolhara today,” she expressed with a smile.
“You could have saved him,” Zanas accused with a hard voice. 
The girl’s face became serious for a moment and she responded with cold eyes. “The jungle gives leniencies for no weakness, and the faint hearted soon lead us to peril,” she said, as she turned and walked away.  
Zanas followed the instructions the girl had given. She passed a group of hooded villagers, their eyes cast down, only the whisper of the flowing cloaks as they walked by. The gentle sound of moving water alerted her to the pond. Other than two small children swimming in the shallows, there was no one else near her. Zanas placed the bundle on the bank and looked inside it. She noticed clothing like those she had seen on the warriors. Smiling to herself, she began to pull off her dirty clothing. The thought of being clean erased any fears of modesty; she sank into the water, swimming out towards the middle. Unbraiding her hair, she let the gentle pull of the stream wash it clean. Zanas emerged slightly shivering, and hurriedly pulled on the clothes. 
She made her way back towards the tree she had awakened in, glancing wearily at the villagers as she passed. For the most part, they seemed to ignore her. When she entered the tree, she noticed that her sister and the rest of the survivors were awake. Zanas handed the bundle to Asenya and mentioned the stream farther down the path. A rustle from behind alerted her to the black haired sisters entering the tree.
“Looks like Arrelia gave you the clothes we found for you. I left it with her this morning guessing she would see you before we did, her tree is so close.” 
Zanas guessed this was the Surrena that Arrelia had mentioned earlier. She took note of the long r’s that were expressed in their names, almost a musical rolling of the tongue. Zanas nodded gesturing to her outfit.
“Thank you, this is much more comfortable than what I was wearing earlier.” The girls nodded, turning their eyes to Asenya. 
“Grandmother would like to speak with you, if you are willing,” Surrena said. 
Zanas read an excitement in their eyes, and began to wonder what it was about, when she noticed the quietness of the tent. She turned and looked at the survivors, who were staring with awestruck wonder, their mouths gaping open, in a comedic way. A glance at her sister showed she seemed just as perplexed by their behavior. 
“What’s wrong?” Asenya asked, and the shocked group began to shake their heads. A balding man stepped forward, wiping his sweaty hands on his pants.
“How do you know what they are saying?” he asked in a low voice. “And when did you learn to speak their language?”  
It was a complete blow to Zanas when she realized what he said was true. She had not given a second thought to understanding the language when she had awaken, and she never even realized that she was replying to them in their own tongue. Zanas glanced at the sisters who stared back, their eyes filled with laughter. From their response, she could tell that this odd occurrence brought no bewilderment to them. She turned back to the survivors with no answer to present, and noticed for the first time a new emotion being projected from them. An emotion she had never expected. One that sent a small shiver of excitement through her. They feared her…
… … …
They had been with the natives for over a week now. Zanas made herself busy by exploring the village and the surrounding forest. Her sister was gone the majority of the time, talking with the old woman who lived in the clearing. Asenya had explained that the old woman, whose name was Panrrela, was the villager’s medicine woman. Panrrela spoke with the spirits and most importantly, she spoke to the great Alwahi, the mother of them all. The villagers held Panrrela in high esteem, and only the great were chosen to be taught by her. The sisters Surrena and Lasarra were her only pupils, but Panrrela had taken an immediate liking to Asenya. This did not surprise Zanas in the least, as her sister had always seemed to have one foot in the spirit realm.
Asenya spent most of each day holed up in Panrrela’s tree, and Zanas found herself becoming restless. She had no place in this society. The only time she felt free was when she ventured into the wild forest, however she knew better than to go too far, she had no clue as to the dangers. She saw the warriors a few times, as they moved together as a group. Zanas observed the way the villagers steered clear of them. It seemed they were awarded a respect, a respect mixed with fear.  
Observing, she realized that they met each morning, and then faded into the forest, reemerging dirty and exhausted. Sometimes they returned with fresh meet, and other times empty handed. She watched their interactions and noticed a strong brotherly camaraderie among them. They noticed her watching a few times and she heard their singsong laughter as they left. Zanas felt such a pull towards the forest, and yearned to be in its leafy embrace. She looked up at the trees that surrounded her. They were not the same, they had long since been deformed for the purposes of man, they no longer sang.  
To relieve her boredom, Zanas made her way to Panrrela’s tree. When she made it to the clearing, she saw Asenya seated in the grass with the sisters, grinding up something in a small stone bowl. Asenya looked up as she approached, a smile spreading across her face. 
“Zanas, what brings you here?” she asked. “Let’s go for a walk,” she finished, as she handed Surrena the bowl.
They walked together, so similar yet so different. Asenya walked with her soft graceful steps and Zanas walked next to her, her steps molding the earth beneath her. They headed down the worn paths that the villagers had created. It was so beautiful, yet Zanas felt uneasy. Asenya began to speak.  
“I’m learning how to make the Klah,” she started excitedly. “They haven’t shown me where they find the main ingredient yet. It is part of the Mother, Alwahi. I have never seen anything like it Zanas. It is like a bright iridescent mold, and what gives the drink its glowing nature, as well as allows the drinker to tap directly into the essence of Alwahi. It gave us the ability to speak their language. Alwahi changes each person in a different way; she can see into the inner core and see greatness, molding the physical body, in what they call the change.” 
Zanas frowned. “I don’t know about any change, all I know is that ever since I swallowed that drink I have been unable to stand still. I feel that there is something that I am supposed to be doing. I’ve always felt restless, Asenya, but never like this…” 
“I know exactly how you feel,” replied Asenya. “All I know is that when I’m trying to speak with Alwahi, is the only time I feel truly at peace. Panrrela teaches that each person has place in the fabric of Alwahi. They will never be happy until they have found that place. Because of this, no role is kept hidden. All may learn the clan ways, but only the true are accepted,” Asenya finished.
Zanas was confused. “What do you mean by clans?” she asked.
“I thought you might have noticed the different factions this society has, each with their own role, and each with their own trials. Panrrela is the head of the Dreamers of the above. I have also heard her mention the Dreamers of below, but I got the sense there is animosity between the two groups. They may even, perhaps, be enemies. The Dreamers have a direct path with Alwahi, and walk half in the spirit world. They can be shown the paths of the past, present and future. They are how Alwahi speaks to her people.
Then of course, there are the Pursuers, the ones who seek the paths of the few. They are the ones who overcome their fears, the brave, and the fighters. There can be no weakness in their hearts, as the spirit and creatures of Alwahi are unforgiving. This world exists in a brutally beautiful environment that only the resilient can abide. 
Finally, there are the Alchemists. A mysterious clan, working in the shadows.” Asenya paused for a moment becoming serious.
“It seems like some kind of symbiotic relationship. The physical body is altered… and it can be deadly. From what Surrena has told me, each clan is changed in different ways. The Dreamers can become more and more entwined with the spirit world, and be unable to dwell in the realm of the living. They can become entombed in a world of their own minds, as well as be dangerous to those around them.  
The Pursuers bodies become enhanced and their endurance is heightened. Their clan travels for miles at a time, and requires them to be able to protect themselves. They spill blood in the name of Alwahi, and she provides them with whatever tools they may need to accomplish this goal. They age slower, I am told, and keep their youthful appearance until late in life.” Asenya frowned. “They will never be happy unless they are running free with Alwahi. There have been a few that have been injured, unable to fight, who wasted away or sacrificed themselves to the forest.
The Alchemists are mutated in other ways. You may have noticed them, they all wear hoods. They are a secretive clan, and only their members know what those secrets are,” she finished.
They had walked in a big circle and had now made it back to the clearing. Asenya turned and looked at Zanas. “You will find your place, there is no doubt. I have already seen it,” she added cryptically, and then turned and rejoined the sisters.
… ... …
Zanas awoke early the next morning and stood in the clearing, waiting. She saw them emerge from the trees one at a time. She immediately noticed Arrelia, her small petite frame weaving through the muscular bodies. The brunette girl, who was their leader, gave her a small sneer.
“What are you doing here?” she asked. Zanas looked her squarely in her eyes, unflinching.
“I have come to join you,” she replied. The black headed girl began to laugh, and then the other Pursuers joined in. The only one who did not was Arrelia, who watched Zanas with narrowed eyes.
“Anyone is welcome to join, but you must keep up,” the girl replied. She pulled out a jagged knife that she handed to Zanas, and then she turned and jogged into the dense forest, the Pursuers following closely. Zanas easily matched their pace. When they got farther into the forest, they picked up speed. She could hear the steady breathing of her fellow runners as they ran on and on. Their paths were narrow, conforming to the natural contours of the forest, forever changing. The vibrant colors of the jungle flew by Zanas’s eyes. The restlessness that she had been feeling was wiped away, replaced with the pure wild joy of the run.
Finally, they came to a break in the trees and the hunters came to an abrupt stop, squatting in the tall grass. Their leader began pointing to where she wanted each of them to go. Finally, she pointed at Zanas, at Arrelia, and then to where she wanted them to enter. They rose silently, breaking off into their groups, cutting through the tall grass in silence.  
Arrelia walked close beside her, clutching her twin blades in her hands. They walked farther into the grass and Zanas noticed the grass was steadily getting taller. This brought back long ago memories of a corn maze on Halloween, the grass well above their heads by now. Arrelia held up a hand for her to stop, and then she leaned in close.
“He will be startled when we rouse him, we are to chase him back to where we branched off,” she whispered so quietly Zanas had to struggle to hear what she was saying. 
They began to move again, stealthy figures in the shaded undergrowth. They heard a soft grunting up ahead. Arrelia paused and motioned for them to split up, she taking the right and Zanas the left.
Zanas walked softly, her bare feet skimming across the ground. She saw movement up ahead and peered through the tall grass, at what looked like a bear with long sharp claws and a single curled horn on the center of its head. It was using the horn to stab into the surface of the ground, uprooting large areas of the earth, sending dirt flying in the air. Zanas stepped out behind the animal just as it turned to face her, moisture dripping from its snout.
Everything quieted for Zanas, her vision turning to a slight red hue, all her surroundings faded, as her pupils dilated and focused on the animal. She heard only the rough breathing of the beast and the rustling of her clothes as she pulled the knife free. The growl began at the back of her throat, and she felt her mouth begin to water. The animal gave a shrill earsplitting screech as it rushed towards her, its gleaming horn approaching. Zanas dug her feet into the ground as she raced at the charging beast. When she was within inches, she leaped into the air, her body twisting and turning. She came down upon its back, stabbing the jagged blade into the side of its neck.
The high-pitched scream of the animal filled the air, its legs giving out beneath it, and it stumbled to the ground. Zanas tensed and then leaped effortlessly off the back of the animal, standing beside it. She heard its labored breathing as it struggled to regain itself. Stepping forward, she leaned under the animal and with one swift motion dragged her blade across the beast’s neck, and it breathed no longer.
Her vision began to return to normal, and the vibrant greens of the jungle began to resurface. Zanas first saw Arrelia staring at her. Then she noticed another dozen pair of eyes watching from the tall grass around her. 
Their leader stepped forward, her eyes glued to the beast. She leaned down and placed a hand on its back. The girl was still for a moment, and then she looked up at Zanas, that same mixture of emotions reflected in her eyes. Respect, with a hint of fear.  
They were no longer laughing. 

 

Chapter 5- The Others

They had been living with Alwahi’s people for over a month. All of the survivors from the plane crash had found a place in their new society. Although they were not held captive or treated like prisoners, they were all stuck, nonetheless. The majority of them had accepted their lives in the village; however, a few had decided to venture off on their own, only to be found dead later on. The villagers’ only answer for why they were brought here was that Alwahi had called them. That seemed a simple explanation for the villagers, and they gave it no further thought.
Zanas saw her sister little. Asenya was very often busy with Panrrela and the sisters, Surrena and Lasarra. Zanas was not at all surprised when she found her sister dressed in a black skinned dress, cut just above the knees. She was also not surprised to find Asenya’s dark eyes were once again outlined in black. When Zanas asked about the makeup, Asenya laughed and explained that an ember from a recent fire made great eyeliner. It might seem odd for Zanas not to see very much of her sister, but they had always led separate lives. They were each like bright stars shinning in the great expanse of space, needing their own plane in which to exist.  
To Zanas’s surprise, Arrelia had decided to take her under her wing, explaining the knowledge of the forest that Zanas, not being a native, did not possess. Zanas learned how to look for the tiny clues as to when a plant might be poisonous, or even worse, carnivorous. Arrelia explained the seasonal changes of the beautiful and dangerous plants around them.
She received her first tattoo on the side of her face, a graceful swipe that reminded her of a falling autumn leaf. The ink was mixed with the essence of Alwahi, which made the design glow softly in the dark. The tattoo signified her first kill, and the link would continue for every extraordinary hunt that she wished to signify. Killing a wether beast on her own was considered a great feat, but her first kill as a clan member was even greater.
She and Arrelia had gone on solitary hunts, and Zanas had been learning how to work with a group. Zanas found it hard to control her instinctual need to attack an animal. This growing nature was a little unnerving, yet she still got a rush of excitement when it surfaced. She may have been able to tame the need to spring, but she still found herself emitting a low growl that vibrated the very center of her ribcage. Zanas always knew when her prey was close, as her vision began to sharpen and tinge red, all movement in the forest becoming intensified. Her body moved with a grace of its own, as it stalked its prey.  
She made many kills for the village and began to notice a deferring reverence that she was shown by the natives. After she amassed a collection of beautiful soft furs, she asked Arrelia where she could find a bow maker.
“There’s Asrra; he makes the best bows,” Arrelia replied with an amused smile. “It doesn’t surprise me that you know how to use a bow. Your long body almost seems to mimic the shape of one,” Arrelia added. Zanas had quickly begun to like the small, merciless girl.
Arrelia, Zanas believed, was probably around the age of fifteen, although it was somewhat hard to tell, as the entire Pursuer clan had a youthful appearance. However, this did not distract from the fact that Arrelia was a hard and seasoned warrior. Her body was small, but there was a definite lethal presence that she exuded. There was no doubt that the deadly blades that she carried would soar like eagles as she slashed them through the air. Her small frame seemed to flow through the forest, her beautiful dark eyes always scanning for prey, she was a true Pursuer. The small girl was deadly, short tempered, and ruthless at times, but she was also surprisingly loyal and tolerant to those of her clan. The two were soon inseparable.
… … …
They were on a hunt in the eve of the night, Zanas and Arrelia, running through the forest at a deadly pace, their strong athletic legs flying through the underbrush. Their steady breathing was the only thing that could be heard as they gracefully streamed through the green. On and on they ran, each feeling a strong, wild need to fly through the night, to run next to the tall trees of the forest, and among the noises of the creatures of the dark. 
They stopped at a creek, cupped the cool water into their hands and drank deeply. All around them Zanas could hear the chirping of crickets, and the sound of the stream splashing against its tight banks. It was peaceful as the two of them stood beneath the stars, drinking in the night. She felt a few splashes on her face and looked up at the sky as it began to open and spill its liquid. They stood there for a moment and then, with big grins, began to race through the forest once again.
The cool earth on their feet was like a soothing bath. Zanas felt her muscles relax as they splashed through the pools of water. They ran on and on, and Zanas found herself running in a part of the forest she had never been in before. The exotic jungle seemed to continue forever, never ceasing in an outreaching stretch of green. The rain began to ebb, and the true beauty of the night began.
They slowed to a stop as the Pangerra flowers began to open. Zanas remembered the first time she had seen them opening after the rain, glowing in radiating bright colors. Reaching around their necks, they pulled up on the cloth they had tied, covering their mouths and noses. Arrelia had been the one to explain to Zanas that these plants gave off a low-level toxic pollen. A large amount of pollen would need to be inhaled in order for it to be fatal, but it still irritated the lungs. Zanas walked past the first flower and was rewarded with a puff of air, as bright iridescent powder jettisoned towards her face. They ran through puff after puff of the brilliant toxic dust of colors, through the glowing valley of pigment.
Ahead Zanas saw movement. She glanced over to Arrelia, who nodded that she had seen it as well. Zanas motioned that they would circle the beast, and they split off into two. She found herself running down a ravine and realized that she would be cut off from Arrelia. She hesitated for a brief moment, and then saw movement again and quickened her pace. She raced down to the bottom of the streambed, a slow trickle of water making its way over the rocks. There was movement near the water. Zanas made one final jump and she was face to face with it. With him.
He was tall with razor sharp black hair. He stood there shirtless, his muscled abs tense. She stared at him, her breaths coming in heaves. He was covered in pollen, his body aflame with luminous color. He wore no mask, and as she watched, he grinned at her, his teeth pointy. Zanas heard the low growl at the back of her throat begin as he stepped forward. He was inches away, his breath on her neck. She noticed the long trail of softly glowing tattoos that started at his right temple, edged its way down his neck, across his chest, and disappeared into his pants. His eyes burned into hers, the most brilliant green she had ever seen, an amused smile stretching his lips as his eyes took in her single tattoo. She heard a low rumble echoing her own. Zanas realized it was coming from him, and she watched as his lips began to move.
“Who are you… young one?” he hissed, his breath hot on her face. He leaned forward and inhaled her scent, close to her neck. “You smell so tasty,” he whispered.
Zanas felt the hairs on the back of her neck raise. There was a soft voice deep inside her that told her she should be afraid, that she should fear for her life. But that voice was overwhelmed by the beating of her heart, and the rush of excitement that ran through her veins. She stared back into his glowing eyes. Unafraid. Unflinching. His grin grew wider.  
She heard movement behind him and glanced over his shoulder, seeing a girl. The girl pulled back her mouth, revealing her overly sharp teeth, and hissed at Zanas, a wild animalistic look about her. He stared at Zanas for a final moment, his eyes seeming to gleam in the dark, and then he turned and strode confidently towards the girl, who seemed to melt into the forest behind him. Zanas watched his taut back move as he followed the girl, and then he stopped. He turned, his eyes staring into hers. All she could hear was the pounding of her heart, and then he was gone.
… … …
She was sprawled out in the tree that she shared with Arrelia. Arrelia was frowning, her black eyes narrowed. Zanas explained the chance encounter that she had experienced that night. Arrelia remained quite throughout the tale. Zanas could tell that Arrelia knew more to the story, but the girl waited patiently until Zanas was finished before speaking.
“If he had the marks of Alwahi then he was a Pursuer,” Arrelia rushed. She pursed her lips and then frowned. “But I know of no such boy,” she paused, her voice quieting. “He must be from beneath.”
Zanas frowned, her brow wrinkling. “What do you mean beneath?” Zanas asked. Arrelia was quiet for a moment, as though she was thinking hard on what she was about to say. She looked up at Zanas.
“There is another half of our people. They are the ones beneath. We were once one great clan, but we fractioned apart when our leaders wanted different things. Most wanted to remain beneath, but others wanted to venture above. Those beneath felt we were abandoning Alwahi by coming so far away. But she still speaks to us.”
“Do you interact at all?” Zanas asked and Arrelia shook her head.
“Those beneath essentially disowned us when we went above, they are not usually seen here. I cannot think of any reason they would,” Arrelia finished.  
Zanas thought back to the excitement in his eyes and the wild look in the girl’s, and suddenly she knew why they had come above. 
“To run free in the rain…,” she whispered. Her eyes grew heavy, and Zanas felt them closing. She stretched out in the warm furs, and she was soon fast asleep
... … …
Zanas awoke to panic in the air. She looked across the tree and saw Arrelia rising up, still looking half-asleep. They could hear rushing in the walkways. Zanas knew that something was wrong, and she was not at all surprised when Surrena called out her name from outside. Pulling back the fur, she came face to face with the red-eyed girl. She felt her heart skip a beat as Surrena grabbed her firmly by the wrist and pulled her towards the clearing.
Panrrela was waiting for them on the grass. Zanas noticed the same blank stare she had seen on Asenya’s face reflected in the old woman’s eyes. Lasarra sat next to Panrrela, a cup half filled with Klah stood at their feet. The old woman began to shake slightly, and then started to speak.
“They have taken her beneath. She is to be their new Dreamer, they see the great power within her, and they will have her as their own,” she gasped, her voice slightly monotone. 
Zanas knew immediately who they were speaking about, but still she rushed into Panrrela’s tree and searched for Asenya. There was no sign of her. The space that she had spent so much time in recently, felt empty, as though she was long since gone. Zanas sank to her knees, grief washing over her. She felt that grief turn to anger, a hot boiling fury. She could use anger. Anger would get her to her sister. Anger would tear down every piece of their world to find her.  
She exited the tree and looked up as the sky began to spill over onto her. It was suitable it should rain, as though Alwahi herself mourned for her daughter. Zanas smiled, a plan already forming in her mind.


Chapter 6- The Beneath

Zanas hurriedly gathered gear into her pack, and then tightly braided her long black hair. Next to her lay a large club that glowed brightly in the dark corner of the tree dwelling. Arrelia had followed her into the rain-filled forest, and they found a large colony of the insects Zanas had seen when she first entered the woods. When they returned from their excursion, she had immediately gone to their tree and began to pack for a long journey. 
The club, covered in insect juice, would glow bright for a few days; but it would eventually fade to nothing. She tried not thinking about what it would mean to be stuck miles beneath the earth. Stuck in a tunnel, with no way of knowing where she was, or where she was headed. Zanas could hear Arrelia behind her going through her things, and then she walked over with something held in her arms. Zanas noticed a beautiful black cloak made of soft fur.
“You will need this, it will be colder beneath,” Arrelia stated. 
Zanas accepted the gift, holding the soft fur in her fingers. She recognized the work of one of the villages best seamstresses, the woman was notorious for tanning the softest skins. Zanas had no doubt that Arrelia had paid greatly for this beautiful piece.
After Panrrela’s premonition, Zanas’s first question was to ask how she could go beneath. They had all stood there staring at her.
“No one goes beneath,” wheezed Panrrela.  
“No one goes beneath,” the sisters echoed in unison.
“No one goes beneath,” Arrelia whispered. Zanas turned and began to walk away, angry and determined to find the beneath on her own, when she heard Arrelia add, “But I’ll show you the way.”
The villagers almost seemed to fear the beneath, if fear could be used for such a fierce tribe. They believed that going into the beneath would mean a heinous death. But for Zanas, these fears meant nothing; there was no place she would not go for Asenya.
Now they sat, quiet, both knowing but not saying that they would soon be parting. Arrelia had grown up in the village her whole life. Zanas could understand how difficult it would be for the girl to give up her society. And understood when Arrelia could not.  
They began their long trek. The village was surprisingly quiet, and Zanas saw not a single person. It was like an eerie ghost town. Their feet seem to echo through the long, tree lined pathways. Arrelia had explained to Zanas that they would have to hike to the center of the island. At the utmost crust, they would find the opening to the beneath. It would take them all day to reach the entrance if they ran at a hard pace the whole way. This would be an exhausting journey.
The mist of their breaths, in unison, saturated the air. They ran through the trees, their arms moving in a rhythmic dance, their feet pounding at the damp earth. She heard the animals of the forest startled by their sudden eruption from the trees. They halted for nothing. They thought of nothing. The only thing that raced through their brains was the need to match each step, and pound forward into the earth of the forest.
When they finally made it to the ridge of the great mountain, Zanas could not help but stop and stare up at the giant beast that loomed above her. Its rocky surface blazed towards the heaven, jutting out green foliage at every possible altitude. The air seemed to be cooler here and Zanas felt a small shiver run through her. They continued their pace, Arrelia leading the way, and Zanas close at her heels.
The heavily wooded surface of the mountain was not easily penetrated, yet Arrelia somehow kept them to the small trail that they followed. In some parts it seemed as though they were trapped, being held against the rocky body of the mountain. The trees seemed to stretch towards the sky, tangling with each other. It was dark in some places where the trees were especially thick. They strangled out any hint of light, creating dark long corridors.  
A light haze was around both girls, created by the heat of their bodies, mixed with the rapidly cooling temperature. Zanas felt the air growing thinner as they climbed still higher and higher into the mountainside, the only sound the steady inhale and exhale of their breath, and the steps of their feet. Zanas had begun to think that they would never emerge, when they burst out onto the stony cap.  
There were not very many trees, only the twisted parched creatures that yearned for good soil and water that could penetrate the soil. But that did not happen here, and still the warped boney forms stood, each brittle finger holding steadfast to the earth. A cloudy fog eerily shadowed the large black hole that was the entrance to the beneath.
They stood there for a moment and then Arrelia clasped Zanas’s hand in hers.
“I must give you a message. Panrrela says be wary. Trust no one with the knowledge that you go below to find your sister. If this knowledge finds the wrong ears, your quest ends in failure. It must be believed you enter with a pure heart and not with an ulterior motive. The forces will bring you back together when the time is right,” Arrelia stopped, her face stained with sorrow. “May Alwahi protect you, my clan sister,” she said, turning and disappearing into the trees, a ghostly shadow of herself.
Zanas turned and looked at the cave mouth, a huge dark expanse that seemed ominous in some way. Shaking off her sense of unease, she began the last small hike into the entrance.
The cave was musky, a greenish pond of water pooled to one side. The light from outside reflected in on the water, and cast beautiful creations of light that danced on the cave walls. Part of top of the cave had fallen in, and Zanas could hear the trickling of water as it fell from above. Her steps seem to echo in the big expanse and she tread as quietly as possible. There seemed no sign of life, as Zanas walked in the quiet peaceful emptiness that was the entrance into Alwahi.
She walked around the cave and noticed the entrance to a tunnel that lay behind the pond. Reaching inside her pack, she pulled out the cloak Arrelia had given her, and tightly secured it around her shoulders. She pulled her long black braid through the font and let it fall down her chest. The touch of her hair would be soothing in the dark abyss that she would be entering. Finally, she pulled out her club and placed her pack on her back alongside her bow. Zanas gave one last look at the beautiful, serene cave and then she started down the black gaping mouth.
The club cast a creepy yellow shadow on the smooth walls as she walked down. She trailed her hand on their surface, thinking that it must have taken hundreds of years for walls to be made so smooth. Zanas kept her breathing steady as she walked, noticing the slight decline of the floor beneath her. She had no idea where she was going, but she felt in her heart that she would find her way. Closing her eyes, she visualized her sister. A burning began in her temple and then it sounded as though she could hear her sister’s voice. Zanas’s eyes flashed open; she would see her sister.
She continued down corridors for hours. She came to forked tunnels that branched off in multiple directions. Each time she stopped and closed her eyes, willing herself to see her sister. Zanas instinctively knew which way to turn, using her radiating yellow club to shine the way down the dark shafts.   
Zanas saw a light in the distance and thought for a moment that her eyes were deceiving her. She walked closer to the glowing entrance and into what seemed to be a small chamber. Zanas was amazed by what she saw.
The entire wall and ceiling surface was covered by a translucent looking moss. It gave off a warm glow that lit the whole room. She walked over to one of the walls and placed her hands on the soft organic substance, and it squished beneath her fingers. Zanas pulled back her hand and brought it to her nose, inhaling the soft musky sent, and immediately recognizing the main ingredient of Klah. It was this glowing substance that allowed the people to speak with Alwahi. 
Zanas hurried back into the main chamber tunnel, increasing her speed. She had no idea where the knowledge came from, but she knew she still had a long way to go.
… … …
It had been two days. Zanas took time to rest when she needed it, sleeping just enough to recoup some of her strength. She knew that time was against her. Her club had been slowly fading before her eyes, and now only gave off a dull glow. It would soon go dark and she would be left to find her way in the black, groping her way down the smooth tunnels that stretched on for miles.  
She decreased her pace. She could not afford to crash into a wall and injure herself, and now could no longer see more than a few feet ahead of her. She had come to other crevices filled with the glowing moss. It was comforting to be surrounded by a chamber of light. The moss lost its glorious glow when extracted from the wall, only keeping a dull example of what it was before. And so she continued.
Her eyes were beginning to ache as she strained to see what lay ahead of her. The club was fading fast and she breathed in deeply to calm herself. It gave its last flicker and she was left in the dark, deep beneath the surface. Her pulse began to race and Zanas felt a sudden fearful urge to scream. Then the dominant part of her took over, calming her mind and slowing her breathing. She channeled courage from deep down inside of herself and felt her nerves become steel. She pushed out her steady hands and placed them on the tunnel walls, feeling their curve and texture. The walls spoke to her, telling her which way they ran, where they would lead her. She continued forward.
Zanas didn’t know how long it had been when she saw the glow of the cave up ahead. She felt her spirits soar, even though she would only be able to bask in the glory of the light filled crevice for a moment in time, continuing on in the black of the earth. 
She walked into the round cavity. The chamber had a small pool that glowed in the middle of its expanse. Zanas believed that if she were to drink this liquid she would soon find herself in an incomprehensible stupor. A sound drew her attention to the corner.
She had not seen it at first, Zanas realized, as it shook its fur and changed color. It had been camouflaging itself against the wall. It stared at her, its big hulking frame moving in and out, as it sucked in the air around it. Its fur was sharp and wiry looking, she had a feeling that if she were to touch it she would bring her hands back cut and bloody. Its long muzzle and pointy ears reminded her of something, and when the creature let out a low menacing growl, she realized what.  
This scene reminded her of a time not too long ago, when she had been running in the woods of her home and come upon the wolf. This creature had an appearance of being related to a canine; however, his size was bigger than any dog Zanas had ever seen. It bared its sharp mass of pointy teeth and Zanas looked into its gleaming slivery eyes. It placed one muscular paw forward, its backbone tensing as it prepared to leap on her, its growl echoing the chamber.
Anger began to boil inside of Zanas. There was a challenge in that low grow, in the baring of the teeth. A challenge of dominance. It didn’t matter that she had never been in this place before, that she had no claim to this terrain. Her vision began to redden as she felt her muscles tense, her hands flexing in the air, preparing to spring for her weapon. Her anger boiled over. She felt the rumble in her vocal cords and the echo of her growl of fury.
The animal jerked to a stop, its pointy ears flattening. Its eyes began to gleam brighter, and then they dulled, changing color to a deep sea blue. The creature shook its fur again and changed to a soft glowing red, the low growl turning to a purr. It slowly walked towards her, no hint of the previous aggression showing. Zanas could almost feel the emotions the canine was omitting. She reached out with one hand as it placed its wet nose on her, breathing heavily on her arm.  
A shock erupted through her body, as her vision went black and she began to see images. She felt herself small and weak, as she was sent down a tunnel of light. Zanas could not open her eyes but sensed that there was someone near her. She lay there blind, and then she felt a wet soft touch that left her shivering, as the cold air swam around her body. Only she was not her. She was Maleek, a male cub, silky and strong.
Zanas watched as other flashes crossed her mind, Maleek learning to hunt besides his beautifully strong mother. She felt the pride that flowed through him when he overtook his first kill. Zanas saw him grow older, more deadly. Then she saw through pain-streaked eyes as his mother left, the wild look back in her eyes. It was back to the solitary life that their kind lived. His long roaming began, as he lived his lonely life in the dark. He was a magnificent creature, strong and lethal, with eyes that could decipher any kind of movement in the long dark tunnels. The last thing that Zanas saw was how Maleek had first seen her, standing tall and beautiful, her black hair trailing to her knees, a fierce look in her eyes. The low growl echoed the cave and she felt a memory surface…mother.
Her vision cleared and she came back to the present. Maleek began to nudge his nose against her hand, and she scanned his face. She stared into his blue eyes; the large eyes staring lovingly back at her. She moved her hand along the side of his face, stroking his cheek, and then scratching behind his ears. He let out a low rumble as Zanas continued to pet him. She almost felt guilty in thinking that she was petting him. He was far too glorious a creature to think of as a pet. No. It felt more like she was being allowed into his world.  
When she got up to leave and continue on, he rose and followed her. She smiled as he took lead, shifting his color once again, giving off a vibrant glow that brightened the passageway around them. Zanas felt a wave of relief as they began to pick up pace, Maleek shinning the way.  
They continued on for days, taking time to rest and eat. Maleek had no trouble drinking the glowing water that they found trickling down in some of the cavernous rooms they passed. He had lived beneath his entire life, and his body had adapted. She wondered in what other ways he had been changed by Alwahi, it was obvious he could see in the dark, as well as camouflage himself to hide. As she thought this Maleek turned his intelligent eyes on her and gave an almost toothy grin, pawing at the water. 
 Zanas finally succumbed, and took the translucent liquid into her hands and drank deeply. The water had a slight coppery taste. She expected to start feeling disorientated, as she had with the Klah. But this was something much different. She felt her insides sucking in the water; her veins seemed to expand and energy started rushing through her. When they resumed their pace, they freely ran through the narrow passageways, flying through them like a pounding zoom of light.
A glow lit the dark tunnel they were running in, shinning in from a chamber that lay ahead. Zanas recognized that this light was coming from a gigantic cavern, far bigger than the dozens she had passed in the days since she had left the above. She felt Maleek growl beside her, his muscles rippling in tension beneath her hands, as they walked into the beam of light.


Chapter 7- City of the Rock

Zanas was blind for a moment as her eyes adjusted to the bright environment. The world she had entered was enormous. She stared at the top of the mountainous cave, the tall ceilings and walls were covered in the translucent moss. The moss gave off a bright yellow glow that shined on the realm beneath it. Everything around her seemed to have a sparkly radiance from the way the light fell. It seemed magically beautiful to Zanas.    
The floor of the cave was below her and she could see over the village that filled its expanse. Stone structures were placed throughout zigzagging alleyways. The noise of a city drifted towards her, as Zanas began to walk down the narrow path carved into the side of the cave wall, glancing wearily towards the sharp drop that lay to her right. Maleek stalked behind her, his blue eyes scanning the view ahead.
They walked down the steep pathway, deep into the stone city. The buildings seemed to rise sharply above her on each side. Zanas walked past the first crooked alleyway and saw meandering people, all brightly dressed in a variety of colors. She noticed a cornucopia of braids piled high on a woman’s head, overflowing her body in a slithering way. A couple stood in front of one of the buildings, the woman laughing at something the man had said. Their conversation came to an abrupt halt as they turned and looked at Zanas as she walked towards them. Maleek let out a low growl and Zanas tried to calm him with her presence, projecting serene thoughts, and sensed his relaxation behind her.  
The woman stared at them with an open mouth. Her face, painted in bright greens, reminded Zanas of the forest she had left behind. The man’s face was similarly painted in darker greys, his black hair hanging loose. They said nothing to her as she strode confidently past them, her large canine beast following closely.
Before she had left the above, Arrelia had taken the time to explain the knowledge that Zanas might need. The societal structure of the people of the beneath, mimicked the societal structure the people of the above. All high levels of the society would be placed at the center of the village, with the housing structures along the borders. Arrelia had also explained that unlike the people above, the people beneath had strict clan units that rarely mixed. Her only chance of finding her sister would be to join a clan that interacted with her, or join the clan her sister had been kidnapped into.   
Zanas passed alleyway after alleyway of people. Each person seemed to be completing some errand or visiting with passers-by. They gave her only two reactions. Some of them saw no interest in her, and only gave a second of a glance, before rushing on their way. The other people stared at her in wonder, yet made no effort to speak to her. This eased some of Zanas’s tension, she had not been sure if she would be met with outright aggression.
The stone dwellings themselves had a simplistic beauty about them. Each one with tall sides bricked in stones. However, it was what grew on the dwellings that was breathtaking. The same moss that covered the walls, grew in the cracks of the stones, and seemed to give the dwellings a slight glow. It made Zanas feel as though she was walking through a field of small stars.
She walked, the streets getting more and more crowded, as she made her way to the city center. She began to feel as though she were a boat cutting through a sea of faces, as the crowd parted for her and Maleek. She noticed a large dome shaped building as it appeared in front of her, and could tell by the ornate carving on the dome, that it was the building she was looking for. The center of the city of the beneath. Zanas walked up the stone steps and into the huge doorway that loomed above her.  
A long aisle lay ahead of her. She was reminded of a church, although there were no pews of worshipping congregants. The circular shaped room echoed as she walked, three hooded figures sat at the end of the walkway. They were motionless as she walked towards them.
They seemed to be very old, aged backs bent over, enveloped by thick robes. They said nothing, simply stared at her, three pairs of eyes looking back: one green, one blue and the third a honey yellow. Then one of them cleared their throat and Zanas heard a distinctively feminine voice.
“Why are you here, child from above? Your kind does not dwell here,” a raspy voice demanded.  
“I was told that all clans were open, to anyone above or beneath,” Zanas replied, her face serious. Her response was echoed with laughter by the ancient man that sat next to the woman.
“Your kind is weak. You have no place here,” he spat, a boney finger pointing out towards Zanas, his milky blue eyes flashing in anger. Zanas felt anger rising up inside her, and once again, Maleek began to growl. This time, she did not subdue him; there was something satisfying in the sound, and she felt her own growl in response. 
“You know nothing about me, old man,” she hissed in reply. “Are you telling me that the people beneath no longer follow the main tenant of Alwahi?” The old man began to shake with anger, his hood becoming slightly askew as he fidgeted.
“How dare you…” he fumed. “ We of the beneath are the only ones who follow the laws of Alwahi.” 
“All may join a clan, but only the true will survive. There is no room for weakness when serving Alwahi,” the third hooded figure interjected softly.  
Zanas turned her eyes to the woman who had spoken. All she noticed at first were the bright green eyes that stared back at her. She had been mistaken. They were not all very old. This woman seemed to be in the middle of her life, but one could not always be sure, Alwahi changed her people in different ways.
“If that is the case then I can be allowed to join a clan, no matter where I come from,” Zanas said forcefully. An amused smile spread across the woman’s face.  
“Of course.” The woman paused, her hands clasped in front of her. “Alwahi always culls the weak ones from the herd,” the woman said, tilting her head to the side, her eyes narrowing. “And which clan do you wish to join?” Her smile seemed to grow somewhat menacing. 
“I, Zanas, child of Alwahi, wish to join the Pursuers of the beneath,” she replied, her voice steady and her eyes cold. Laughter erupted from the ancient man, his cruel eyes turning to the youngest of the three.  
“This is no longer my problem.” He smiled, pulling his twisted body up, and began to walk toward a door at the back of the room. The other woman followed his example and exited behind him. Zanas was left alone with the younger woman; whose bright eyes stared at her, unblinking. Standing up, the woman walked down the steps toward Zanas, until she stood beside her, her eyes never leaving Zanas’s face.
“This is not a frivolous decision to make, young girl,” she said her voice low. “You will never leave the clan if you are found worthy.” The aggressive way she stated this made Maleek begin to growl once again. The woman glanced over at the beast, no alarm showing in her eyes.  
Zanas nodded. She felt no fear as she replied, “I already know this to be true.” And she did. She had always known that this had been a one-way trip.
… … …
The woman looked at her for a moment longer then shrugged her shoulders. She reached up and pulled her hood back revealing black hair.  
“My name is Anessa,” she said. “I am clan leader of the Pursuers. It has been awhile since we have had a pledge. You will be tested to see if you are worthy. Only the strong will be accepted. The weak no longer walk this plane.” Her voice was serious. “I will take you to our hold.” With her last words, she turned and began to walk out the door the other two clan leaders had walked out moments before.
Zanas found herself in a front of large stone steps that made their way down to a torch lit tunnel. They made their way down the winding staircase, into a small cave. Zanas could tell that this chamber was not made by the hands of nature. This had been deliberately made, with three tunnels leading out. Anessa walked towards the tunnel on the right and stopped, holding her hand out towards it.
“This is the entrance to the Pursuers hold,” she explained, leading the way down the long tunnel. “This tunnel travels beneath the city and then up to our hold.”
It was much cooler in this chamber, far colder than it had been in the city above. Zanas pulled her cloak tighter around herself and the woman seemed to notice. “This must be a colder climate than you are used to,” Anessa said. “We will get you the necessary supplies once I have shown you your room. Our hold is very old and once was much larger. We have many empty chambers.” She grew quiet for a moment, leading Zanas and Maleek deeper and deeper into the underpass. 
“The city folk,” Anessa spat the words like an insult, “they have become too comfortable in their shining homes. They are no longer born with the courage it takes to become a Pursuer. Only those willing to risk their lives are able to pledge themselves to our clan. City bred children flounder in our world.” Zanas could see a slight curve in the tunnel ahead, and they were soon standing in front of another large staircase, leading up.  
They made their way up three flights of long steps and then entered a hallway, doors placed at regular intervals. They took numerous twists and turns until Anessa stopped in front of one of the ornately carved doors. She pushed it open to a large chamber cut out of the stony body of the earth. At one side, there was a large fireplace, and a huge stone bed was situated against one wall. Zanas began to think of how uncomfortable it would be to sleep in this, when the woman began to laugh.
“I will also have them bring the bedding that goes on that,” she said pointing to the bed, “and some wood to go in that,” she finished pointing at the fireplace. “I am sure that you are weary from your journey; down the hall to your left is a bathing pool. Most of our members are busy completing their assignments, you should find it empty. By the time you are finished it will probably be time for dinner. I will come and collect you.” With that, she turned and left Zanas, quickly disappearing down the maze of corridors.
Maleek made one lap around the room sniffing the corners. When he was satisfied, he circled three times and curled up on the floor, his giant nose resting on his paws. She watched as his color changed and he began to blend into the stone around him. Zanas could hear his soft snoring as he drifted off to sleep. Depositing her belongings on the floor next to the canine, she began to follow the directions to the pool.  
The door was shaped differently than the chamber doors. It had an oval shape to the top of it, two huge wooden doors hanging in front of her. She made a passing thought, wondering how the doors come to be in such a place, when the doors were pulled open in one swift motion. And there he stood.
He jerked to a stop, his eyes becoming wide for a moment. Then he grinned, taking a bold step forward. His skin was still damp, tiny beads of water glistening on his skin. He wore a towel around his waist, bare-chested. Zanas caught sight of his tattoos that trailed from his temples and down his muscular chest. She once again admired their beauty, as well as respected their meaning. This was a great hunter.
“The girl from above,” he purred. “How is it that you are here in my domain?” he asked, his eyebrows narrowing in thought. He took another step towards her, his face inches away, his green eyes burning into her hers. She sensed that there was a part of him that was trying to intimidate her. For some reason instead of making her angry, this knowledge amused her. She met his green eyes with a hard stare.
“Right now, I’m trying to bathe,” she replied. 
He chuckled softly, his sharp teeth flashing in the torch light. He inched closer to her, if that was even possible, and inhaled deeply. Her breath caught in her throat, and then he turned and walked out into the hallway. She watched as he strode down the hall, turned a corner, and disappeared. Zanas stepped into the room and closed the big heavy door behind her. She felt lightheaded and her heart was pounding deep in her chest.  
There was a large round bowl cut into the floor of the chamber. To the left was a table with towels and a small bowl on the floor held, what looked like, bathing salts. Zanas quickly disrobed and walked down the smooth steps and into the water, surprised at how hot the water was. From the metallic smell circulating in the mist, she guessed that this pool was fed from a hot spring. The liquid was soothing on muscles, sore from the long journey. Zanas unbraided her hair and watched as it danced in the steaming water.  
She would have loved to linger, but Anessa would be coming to get her soon. Dragging herself reluctantly from the pool, she pulled one of the towels around her body. Zanas picked up her soiled clothes and walked with them back to her room.
Maleek was still sleeping on the floor as she entered. She noticed that there were large furs on her bed now, and a warm fire burning in the fireplace. She walked over to her bed and saw the clothing that someone had left for her. All of the pieces were made from a soft black fur that reminded her of her cloak.  
Zanas pulled on the long pants and the tight black shirt. The arms of the shirt were laced with black leather straps; she had to admit she loved the look and feel of the outfit. The last thing that she saw was the black boots that were seated at the foot of the bed. Shockingly they fit, the fur brushing softly against her skin. She had just finished drying and braiding her long hair when a knock came at the door. She opened it to see Anessa standing and waiting for her.
“Good, you are ready,” Anessa said. She turned and Zanas followed closely behind her.
Zanas tried to remember the many turns and twists they went through, but was soon lost. It was quite obvious that the hold was very large. She guessed that they were heading deeper into the rock as they came to another large wooden door. Anessa pushed it open and they walked into a large cafeteria.  
There were rows of tables crowded with black clothed figures. Zanas had the feeling that this hall had once been overflowing, while now it sat half-empty. The room went silent for a moment, as heads turned to stare at Zanas. She heard an insulting laugh from a back table, and met eyes with the girl she had seen long ago on that damp night. The girl’s hair hung loose, blonde curls falling down her back.
Zanas felt someone else watching her and turned to see him a few seats from the girl. Unlike the rest of his table, who were sneering at her and whispering among themselves, he quietly sat staring back at her. She kept his gaze for a moment. As she turned she caught sight of the blonde girl, who stared back at her with fury in her eyes.
Anessa led her down the food-lined tables and Zanas grabbed a bowl of stew and a flat looking bread. She was surprised when Anessa headed directly for the table that she wanted to sit at the least. They sat down and the blonde girl hissed.
“What’s a person from above doing down here? How dare she disrespect our hold? Only Pursuers belong here,” she fired, and Anessa sighed.
“She has come to join our clan, Desstina,” Anessa replied, taking a bite of her bread. Zanas lifted the bowl to her face when she heard Desstina respond.
“You are too weak to be here. You are going to die trying what comes easy to the chosen.” She glared at Zanas from across the table. Zanas knew the girl was trying to scare her, but instead, she felt a rush of adrenaline. She imagined what it would be like to smash the girl’s pretty face into the table, and she found herself smiling defiantly.
“If you say so,” Zanas replied softly. Desstina let out a small exhalation of fury and Zanas heard a chuckle across from her. 
“You’ll have to get use to her, Desstina,” he said in a low voice. “She is to join our team for her trial.” Desstina threw her bread on the table, slamming her hand down with a loud smack.
“I will not hunt with an abomination,” she said angrily. Anessa finally looked up from her food and gave Desstina a look that halted her.
“You do what I tell you to do. I am clan leader here, Desstina,” Anessa said with a dark growl. Desstina collected her plate and left the room in anger, saying nothing more. Zanas heard that low chuckle once again and looked up into his emerald eyes.
“Welcome Zanas,” Her name coming from his lips made her shiver. “I’m Dressdon; I look forward to hunting with you.” His voice took on that predatory hum, buzzing through her ears and her veins. He winked at her, and then he too collected his plates and left.


Chapter 8- First Blood

Zanas was taken back to her room where she deposited the food that she had brought Maleek on the floor in front of him. He opened one eye as he glanced at the food. He quickly gobbled it into his mouth, licking his lips, and expressing that he was very happy. The fire had begun to die down. She walked over to it and added some of the logs that had been piled in the corner, and as she walked back to the bed, a window caught her attention. Finding it hard to imagine why there would be a window in a room created in rock, she pushed the window open, and gave a small gasp of astonishment.
She was looking at the city below. The Pursuer’s hold was cut into the high walls of the mountainous cave. Zanas glanced up at the sky that was above her. Although, it was much more beautiful than any sky she had ever seen. It twinkled and blinked before her eyes and her vision began to blur. 
Zanas realized that she was very tired. She closed the window, blocking out the soft glow of the light, and crawled into the furs on her bed. She found that the furs were very thick and extremely comfortable. She was just starting to doze off when she felt a movement beside her, and then the warm body of Maleek.
Zanas awoke to pounding on her door. Maleek was standing on the floor growling. The door was suddenly thrust open and Dressdon came striding in. Maleek raised his fur and it vibrated a blue color. Dressdon came to an abrupt stop.
“Well, well. Aren’t you full of surprises?” he said narrowing his eyes at Maleek. “I’ve never heard of any one taming a wanwalf.”
 “I wouldn’t call him tame. So I would think twice before barging in here again,” she replied, her eyes narrowing. Dressdon immediately launched into laughter.
“Feisty,” he said with a grin. “I wouldn’t have dared to enter your chamber my lady,” he said with a mocking bow and then straightening himself in seriousness. “I was banging on your door for forever,” he added with a shrug.
“Where are we going?” Zanas asked. Dressdon stared at Maleek for a moment and then looked up at her with a mischievous look in his eyes.
“Oh, only your first test. And we really should have left a long time ago,” he said, smiling boyishly. “However, if you can run fast, we could still make it.” Zanas found herself returning his smile, and then they were racing through the tunnels.
He ran fast, she found herself thinking, as they raced side by side. She had never run with someone that pushed her. Zanas usually needed to slow herself when she ran with a partner. The only one that had come close to keeping pace with her was Arrelia. But Dressdon was different. He raced through the tunnels with wind like speed. 
Zanas had no clue where they were running. Some of the turns that they made were extremely sharp, but Zanas just kept a close eye on Dressdon and she could guess when he was going to turn or slow down, running with delight in the dark corridors of the earth.
They burst through into a larger, much older section. This area had passageways of varying shapes and sizes, with uneven stony walls, not the smooth man created walls of the interior of the hold. In some areas, too much movement in one direction or the other would result in a head injury. Zanas could sense a slowing in Dressdon’s movement, and they came to a stop in small cave. She looked up at the pointy ceiling, stalactites shinning in the glow of the mold. They were alone in the chamber and Zanas could feel him watching her.
“You run faster than I expected,” he said, with a grin of respect. “I guess we aren’t late after all.”
Zanas stared at him for a moment. Neither of them was short of breath, she had to admit she was impressed with his speed as well. He was finally wearing a shirt, and maybe for that reason she felt more at ease in his presence. She glanced up at the roof of the cave again.
“What do you call this?” Zanas asked. From the strange look he gave her, she could tell that he had assumed she had already known. His eyes seemed to convey a deeper understanding of her, and Zanas wondered what he was thinking, but he gave no voice to it.  
“It’s Ulwahi, the body of Alwahi,” he said, his voice low. 
She heard noise coming through the tunnel and they were joined by four others. Zanas recognized Desstina, her hair pulled back into a tight knot at the back of her head. Besides Zanas, there was one other girl with short spikey black hair, her face painted with black stripes. Last, were two tall males, their faces identical, both sporting short-cropped blond hair.
“So, we are to hunt with this,” Zanas heard Desstina jeer. “You won’t be able to keep up, girl. And when you don’t, we will leave you alone and lost in the dark.” 
Zanas said nothing, but gave the blonde a hard look. She could feel the tension growing between them and she knew that eventually there would need to be a conclusion. The spikey haired girl walked forward and Zanas was reminded of a punk rocker she had once seen.  
“Don’t mind her,” the girl said pointing to Desstina. “I’m Ressna and these two logs are Tress and Fless,” she said moving her gloved hand over to the brothers. 
The twins stood with their bulky arms crossed, looking down at Zanas through narrowed eyes. She realized that she had to look uncomfortably up at them, they towered over her, and their muscled bodies seemed to block the way. She understood why Ressna would call them logs. They said nothing in any kind of greeting, and Zanas could see Desstina grinning hatefully behind them. Zanas returned their aggressive eyes with those of her own. It seemed that they might stare at each other for all time, when Dressdon walked in front of them.  
“All right,” he said clapping his hands in a mocking way. “Now that friendly introductions are over, let’s get going.” He turned and began to lead the way, the brothers picking up pace behind him, and Desstina in a close third. Zanas and Ressna took up the rear.
Dressdon set the pace, and they were soon running swiftly through the earthy corridors. They traveled through cave after cave filled with Ulwahi, but they also traveled through large expanses of dark tunnels. Zanas found herself barely able to see those in front of her, but she let her senses make up for the rest. She was able to feel where her running team was. She matched her breathing to theirs, her pace to theirs, until it seemed like not six people were running down the dark tunnel, but one.
They paused for a moment and Dressdon conferred with the others at what path they should take. Desstina immediately chimed in.
“We take the south entrance,” she said, and then turned and looked at Zanas, flashing her pointy teeth in an aggressive grin. Zanas found herself looking for him, and saw his green eyes staring at her from across the cave. She could not tell what kind of emotion that he had. His normal mischievously twinkling eyes were serious. Zanas sensed when he was ready to pick up pace again and this time she ran past the others and took position by his side.  
Once again, she felt as though she was being pushed. Zanas matched each step that Dressdon placed, listening to the steady beating of her heart and the rhythmic inhale and exhale of breath. Dressdon raced beside her, his breathing matching hers note for note. She felt a break in the connection when he seemed to hold his breath, and she heard him, but only just barely.
“Do not fear.” 
He overtook her, took five mighty sprints, and launched himself into a dark abyss. Zanas had only a split second to react; she let his words echo as she copied his movements and heaved herself forward into the gloomy emptiness. 
She was falling. Everything else around her seemed to get shut out, her senses heightening. She could hear the wind that she made as she fell, a high-pitched whistle that rushed past her ears. Her weightless body fell with abandon, and exhilaration flowed through her as she opened her arms, floating through the air. Her lips pulled back in an uncontrollable grin, the freedom in the fall bursting through her. 
It seemed as though she might continue falling forever, when another sound hit her ears, the splashing of a body hitting water. Zanas braced herself and seconds later, she was being deposited into the dark water.
She was disoriented. She did not know which direction she had hit the water. Was she right side up? She started to panic for a moment, when she felt a hand on her wrist. Dressdon pulled her slightly to the side, and a lighted tunnel became visible. He tugged at her once more, letting her go and swimming ahead, she quickly began to follow. They seemed like the only two living things in the murky water that enveloped them.
They swam through the tunnel, bubbles escaped from their mouths and glittering upwards. The sides seemed almost to pulsate, the bright glow dimming and then reemerging. It seemed as though they were swimming into some alien creature, through its radiating body.
She watched as he picked up speed and headed towards the surface. She gasped in air as she broke through, glancing up at the shadowy cave; there was no Ulwahi on these walls. The only light came from the tunnel below. Zanas shivered slightly as she floated in the water. Dressdon swam next to her, a smile on his face.
“So young. You are still a little afraid,” he said softly and grinned, his sharp teeth gleaming in the shadows. His eyes sparkled for a moment, and Zanas was once again reminded of the wolf she had met that long ago day in the woods. She watched as his grin widened. The rest of their team broke through the surface, and the spell was broken.  
They climbed out of the water and onto the shore. Zanas felt herself shivering slightly as she waited, the brothers staring at her.
“I thought for sure you wouldn’t jump,” the first one said speaking in her direction.
“Didn’t even scream,” the second one said with a teasing smile.
Zanas found herself smiling back. She looked pointedly at Dressdon and said, “I am not afraid.” She was answered by a wide grin and a soft chuckle as he came walking towards her.
“You will be tested on that statement. There is no room for fear in our clan. A true Pursuer must let go of all fear. There will be no lighted tunnels where we are going. Alwahi chooses the Pursuers. She will accept you, or you will die in the heart of her embrace.” He stared at her for a moment. Once again, she could not read his face, his cocky smile was gone. Desstina walked forward pulling her knife from her waist.
“I will get first blood,” she said with a mocking look at Zanas and then she hurried down the dark tunnel. The twins pushed each other in a joking manner, each trying to get into the cavern next. Ressna looked over her shoulder and flashed a grin, as she too disappeared. It was only her and Dressdon. He stared at her, his eyes once again glowing in the dark.
“Let go of your fear,” he said as he pulled his knife from his belt and disappeared into the black mouth. Zanas stood there for a moment, her heart pounding. But it was not pounding from fear. She did not understand why, but the thought of wandering into the unknown, in a pitch-black tunnel, did not worry her. Her heart was racing, she realized, from excitement. She was excited by the challenge. Zanas pulled out her knife and entered the tunnel.
She could not see in front of her. She reached out and felt the walls, tracing her fingertips across the surface, moving further down the passageway and coming to a chamber of tunnels. Zanas circled the area twice, feeling with her hands and she realized there were four different tunnels. She had no idea which one to take, and felt frustrated for a moment, then she remembered what Dressdon had said. Alwahi would accept her or reject her. She laid her hands once again on the cold surface of the walls.  
Zanas already felt the changes that Alwahi was making in her. She reached down within herself, trying to call up what she felt when she was hunting. However, she was looking deeper this time; she wanted to open herself fully to Alwahi. She felt a burning begin behind her eyes and reached her hand up, holding it to her head. The pain intensified and she felt as though she was blown back, thrown to the ground.
Zanas lay on the floor, staring upward. Her vision was blurry for a moment and then it came back into focus, everything colored blue. Sitting up, she looked at the tunnels, seeing down the long expanses.
She could also sense where the others were nearby, at the same time she realized that all the tunnels led to the same place. Zanas quickly got up and began to run down the closest tunnel. The things that she could see amazed her. It was incredible how each nook and crevice reflected in the blue tones. She saw movement up ahead and she came across Desstina. It was as simple as willing herself more speed, and she overtook the blonde. Zanas heard the girl let out a gasp as she sped past her. Her vision began to take on a red hue and she knew that her prey was close. She clenched her knife tightly in her hand and ran full speed around a corner. The beast was standing in front of her.
It was enormous, wheezing through a large snout. Zanas saw sharp fangs protruding out of its mouth, as it clawed at the earth with its large hairy paws. She smelled something in the air that made her mouth begin to water. It took her a moment to realize that it was blood. This creature was a predator, a meat eater. And it did not seem that the recent kill that he was currently eating was enough to fill his belly. He growled at Zanas, his bloody teeth flashing.
It came at her. There was a high-pitched howl and after a moment, she realized it was coming from her. Her teeth were bared as she growled at the animal, her hand clutching the sharp blade. It made a small lunge with its paws outstretched, and with one swift swipe, Zanas sliced off three of its fingers. It let out an eerie scream, echoing through the long corridors that surrounded them.  
Other sounds surrounded her and she realized that the rest of the hunting party had followed the commotion to the beast. Before she had more time to think about this, the crazed animal launched for her again. It jabbed its sharp mouth at her, trying to get her arm into its mouth. Zanas brought the blade across the beast again and it screamed as she stabbed its meaty shoulder. Her blade was caught in its hardened body, and it flung her to the ground in rage. She felt the weight of it on her torso holding her down, its hot gasping breath blowing on her face, growling through dripping teeth. It prepared to kill her.
The earlier pain returned and her mouth erupted. She screamed as the pain continued, her vision turning an even redder hue. She twisted her body and brought down her teeth onto the animal’s neck, feeling how easily she sank into its flesh. Applying pressure, she ripped back her mouth, tearing out a large chunk of flesh. Her mouth filled with its blood, and part of her wanted to gag in disgust. But that part was silenced, as the rage filled her. She regained her footing, leaping at the animal and ripping out her knife from its shoulder. With one mighty slap, she knocked the creatures head to the side, and slashed her blade across its neck.
Her breath came out in small, excited gasps, her teeth still bared, blood dripping down her chin. She could hear the sound of her own growling as her heart pounded in her chest. Her vision began to clear slightly and her team came into view, reminding her of another hunting party. Just like then, she found all eyes staring at her, and she recognized the familiar emotion… respect. 
She found herself face to face with him. She looked into his eyes searching for the other emotion she always saw in people once they had truly seen her for what she was, a predator. But she saw nothing but wild excitement reflected in his eyes.  
There was no fear.


Chapter 9- Brotherhood

They quickly went to work butchering the animal. It was a long process because of the massive size of the creature. They were heavily weighed down with meat as they hiked out of the cave. Zanas began to think of the long swim and climb that they would have to complete. Her mind drifted as she stood by the entrance to the lighted tunnel, staring down at the glowing tube. The twins walked over to her, drawing her attention.
“I am really liking you,” one said.
“Ruthlesssss,” the second interjected. They flashed matching sharp teeth and then began walking towards a tunnel that had gone unnoticed before. Desstina passed by her next saying nothing, but giving her a hateful look as she walked by.
“Nice job on the kill,” Ressna said, as she followed the others out. Dressdon passed her by, meeting her eyes for a moment, and then called over his shoulders.
“I like the eyes…” 
Zanas was confused for a moment. As she walked past the water towards the tunnel, she glanced down at her reflection in the water. A pair of glowing green eyes stared back at her.
They picked up speed and Zanas found that her legs were tiring with the added weight of the meat she carried. She was thankful that they had no water filled passages or cliffs to navigate, and realized this was the other passage they could have taken. Desstina had arranged it so they would go the most difficult way. Zanas grinned to herself, remembering the thrill of falling through the air, weightless and free. Her heart began to race again at the thought. Unwittingly, the girl had done her a favor.
As they made their way through the dark tunnels, Zanas allowed herself to look closely at the passages. With her added eyesight, she could see that all the surfaces were covered in Ulwahi, but before her eyes had been unable to see it. Everything gave off a faint glow that made the dark beautiful and accessible at the same time. She noticed they were coming to the interior of the hold when the walls began to smooth and take on a uniform shape. The cafeteria was empty as they crossed the large stone room, and they were quickly unloaded of the meat as the cooks rushed forward.
Zanas looked at herself and realized she was covered in blood, her fingers sticky, her face streaked red. The twins had quickly disappeared, giving her looks through their long lashes as they left. Desstina ignored her completely and left without saying a word to anyone. Zanas found that she was walking with the two remaining, Dressdon and Ressna.
“Excellent kill, Zanas. You really annoyed Desstina,” Ressna said, her eyes dancing merrily. “See you later,” she called, as she turned down one of the hallways. Dressdon and Zanas walked for a moment and then he spoke to her.
“You did excellent. I was impressed with your kill; I have never seen someone move with such ferocity,” his voice teased. She found herself once again soothed by the soft purring of his voice.
She recognized her door up ahead and turned to him, her hand pushing it open. “Thank you. I need to get cleaned up,” she said. He flashed his familiar mocking smile; his green eyes seemed to glow brighter.
“You look good covered in blood…” he whispered and then he had turned and disappeared down the hallway. She felt that usual skipping of her heart.
... … …
Maleek met her at the door and she quickly gave him the chunks of meat that she had saved him. He greedily swallowed them up, curling by the fire to nap. She found herself laughing at his vicious nature and quickly unloaded herself. Zanas hurried down the torch lit hallway, feeling as though she where the only one that lingered in the long passages.
The hot water was welcoming on her skin as she soaked in the deep stone pool, the water turning a dark crimson. Using the bath salts, she began to scrub her body, leaving bloody handprints here and there on her body. Zanas thought about the days hunt. She knew that she should probably feel some kind of sorrow for the animal whose blood she was covered in. However, there was no such feeling, only the satisfaction of feeding her clan, and the end of a successful hunt. The animal was taken with honor.  
By the time she was finished bathing, the water had already begun to clear. There was now only a slight reddish hue to the liquid. Zanas had already guessed that the water constantly circulated, but seeing it in action was still interesting. Wrapping herself in the long towel, she made her way back to her room. Once again, she had clean clothes laying on her bed and wondered who deposited them. She glanced at Maleek who still slept by the dying fire. He was not a very good watchdog, apparently. She grinned to herself with this thought and pulled on the clothes. Her hair was quickly braided, and hung down her back like a long black rope.
Walking over to the window, she pushed it open and stared at the lighted city below. She could see the busy hustle of people walking down the stone streets, their bright colors like a dancing field of cloth. Zanas raised her eyes to the tall ceiling of the mammoth cave, and was instantly soothed by the warm glow of the Ulwahi.  
A knock at the door startled her. She opened it to find Ressna, sporting a sheepish grin.  
“We have time before dinner and we are going into town.” She grabbed Zanas’s arm and pulled her out the door, making it clear in her actions that Zanas no choice. She did not mind, however, and welcomed the excursion. She followed her down the hallways, their bodies casting shadows. She was thankful for Ressna’s extensive knowledge of the corridors as they wound through them. They walked down the stairs and came to a large door. Ressna pushed it open with a heave, and the city stood in front of them.   
Although Zanas was no longer walking the streets of the city with a wanwalf, she still received the same reaction from the town’s people. However, it was in response to the two of them. She took notice of the weary way the brightly colored people cast their eyes aside, as if afraid to make eye contact. Zanas felt herself feeling scorn for the gutless people, when she was one again grabbed by the arm and pulled down a side alleyway. It seemed darker here, as they passed lighted entranceways, the noise of people drifting to her ears. Zanas watched as Ressna ducked into one of the doors.
The stone room was aglow, as Ulwahi covered the ceiling. The room was filled with people, all dressed in black. It reminded her of a store full of goths, and she found herself smiling. Then she realized that these were not goths, they were in fact members of her clan, killers and hunters. There were chairs placed throughout the building, Pursuers lounging. One of the attendants hammered softly into the skin with a long pencil like barb, the rhythmic tapping made a melody, as the line was continued.  
Ressna pulled her towards one of the empty chairs, and then the girl sat down. Ressna pulled her shirt up and Zanas saw her trail of tattoos ended just below her chest. She found herself wondering how far Dressdon’s went down, and her cheeks began to burn. A slight tapping on her back brought her back from her thoughts, and she turned around to see a girl standing behind her.  
“Are you here to add to your line?” she asked. 
Zanas thought for a moment and then nodded. She sat in one of the empty chairs and turned her face to the girl. The girl’s eyes lingered on her face for a moment. “My name is Kesstra.”
Zanas studied Kesstra as she readied her tools. The girl’s facial profile was lined with delicately flowing tattoos, starting at her temples in a dark circle, and continuing down her neck. 
When she was above, Arrelia had explained to her how tattoos were created and by whom. Only a few were chosen to create the line. It was the artist that came up with the next link in the chain that would continue winding its way down the body, each link representing a glorious kill. Zanas wondered what kill Ressna was signifying.  
Kesstra picked up her hand for a moment and closed her eyes. “I see perfectly the next link,” she said, her face serious. 
Zanas turned her head slightly as Kesstra began the steady tapping on her cheekbone. There was something calming in the pain of the point piercing her flesh, driving in the ink. A pair of green eyes appeared above her head, staring down.
“I love it!” Ressna said grinning, examining the design that Kesstra was tapping into her skin. Kesstra was quickly finished and handed Zanas a flat metal plate. The plate was sanded to a shine, and she could see the reflection of herself depicted on its surface. The new link was added just below her falling leaf. It was the shape of a snail with small tendrils. The tattoo itself was a red color, reminding her of the color of the pool she had bathed in when she washed away the blood of the animal. Zanas knew that in the dark her tattoo would glow with the Ulwahi mixed in the ink. She had to admit that she loved the design. Zanas gave Kesstra an appraising look and the girl smiled back at her.
“Come to me the next time you add a line,” Kesstra said.
They left the way they had come, with Ressna’s laughter echoing in the streets. They began to run, townspeople quickly moving out of their way with looks of shock on their faces. Zanas loved the feeling of freedom she had at that very moment, running the roads with Ressna. Before she knew it, they were back at the large door that led to their hold. Instead of leading Zanas back to her room, Ressna led them to the dining hall, where their team was already seated.
Desstina ignored them as they sat down. Dressdon’s eyes quickly scanned over Zanas’s face pausing on her new tattoo, a small smile playing at his face. The twins were talking boisterously about something, and Zanas could only hear bits and pieces of their conversation. One would finish the others sentence or omit words, and somehow it just became jumbled and confusing. They came to a stop as they noticed the girls.  
“A good kill to pay respect to,” one of the brothers said, and Zanas could not tell if it was Tress or Fless. They sat at the end of the table, their hulking bodies seeming to take up the space around them. As she watched, they flashed her matching white smiles.
 “Who are you, girl from above, who tames wanwalfs and slices through chaser beasts like they are pieces of flat bread?” the other said, his face retuning to the pointy grin. Zanas could not help but like the bold and jestful brothers. She raised an eyebrow in response.
“I’m Zanas,” she said flashing her own smile and the table erupted into laughter. Everyone, that is, except for Desstina who simply rolled her eyes.
They heard a loud banging on one of the tables. Heads turned towards the sound and the hall quickly quieted as they stared at their clan leader. Anessa looked across the seated Pursuers, who sat quiet in their seats, not a single one stirred or spoke. She lifted her hand.
“Dressdon’s hunting team brings us a fresh kill tonight,” she paused as those seated raised their hands up and down, letting out a call that echoed through the room, and vibrated the air. Her heart skipped a beat in excitement and she found herself raising her fist to the air and echoing their cry. Anessa raised her hand and the hall was instantly silent. She turned her eyes on Zanas.
“Our new pledge made first blood and finished the beast…” Zanas could hear a low murmur begin in the hall and then heads begin to turn and stare at her. “She has passed her first test,” Anessa finished. The hall was once again silent for a moment, all eyes staring at Zanas. Then it erupted in the loud reverberating cry once more. The roar that echoed in the hall pulsed in Zanas’s ears and she stared around at the Pursuers that surrounded her. 
She finally had a feeling of home.


Chapter 10- Night Run

Zanas added logs to the fire poking them with a long stick. Ressna was lying in her bed chewing on jerky, Maleek curled at her feet. It had surprised Zanas how friendly Maleek was towards the girl. He had let out a low purr when she gave him a long chunk of her jerky. It seemed to Zanas that all the animal did was eat and sleep. 
He had taken to scratching at the door when he wished to leave. Zanas, at first, had been hesitant to allow him the freedom to come and go. However, she told herself he was not a pet. He had made it clear to her with mental images that he would be leaving with or without her help. The thought of her door hanging on its hinges, quickly set her mind, and she had promptly let him out. Zanas knew that he was perfectly capable of taking care of himself, and the other clan members gave him a wide berth when they came across him in the tunnels. Zanas was not the only one that learned the way to Maleek’s heart was through his stomach, and soon he had dozens of Pursuers saving pieces of their kills for him. He had even taken to following Zanas to the meal hall for some meals.
She smiled as she thought of the first time she had walked into the hall with Maleek by her side. He had been agitated by the amount of people, his fur on edge radiating a blue glow. The Pursuers in the hall had been surprised, some of them showing their teeth and hissing in an animalistic way. But Zanas had walked confidently to the meal table, collected enough food for her and Maleek and then walked to her table. When she had turned and looked at her team, she was met with their amused faces. For once, even Desstina seemed joyed by the presence of the beast. Maleek had eaten well that day, with scraps of food being given to him by anyone within distance.
Zanas had been in the Pursuer hold for over a week now, and she had started to get use to the routine. When she wasn’t hunting the corridors with her team, she spent her time wandering the dark hallways. She was free to go wherever, and quickly familiarized herself with the dimensions of the hold. There were four levels, with the first level being at the cave floor and entering out into the village. Her room was on the third level, the level that all the clan members resided in. The bottom levels were exact replicas of the third. Ressna had explained to her that once all the levels were full of Pursuers, but they had less and less pledges every year and now their number barely filled one level. The fourth level was used for recreation, large chambers carved out of the rock for running, and the games the Pursuers liked to play.
Zanas heard the steady chewing of Ressna. “When do you think I’ll receive my second test?” Zanas asked over her shoulder. She heard a soft chuckle and turned to see Dressdon standing in her doorway.  
“Only time will tell,” he said walking into the room. “Pledges are not allowed to know about the tests they must complete,” he finished giving Ressna a hard look. The girl’s eyes narrowed in anger.
“I wouldn’t tell her about the tests. All Pursuers must pass the tests or they are unworthy of the clan. There are no weak in this clan,” she finished with a fierce look in her eyes. 
It was very apparent to Zanas that the girl was brutally loyal to her clan. Maleek began to growl at Dressdon. He could feel the tension that he was creating in Ressna. Dressdon’s mocking smile returned and he gave a small hiss at the dog, flashing his teeth. Maleek and he were still not on friendly terms. The canine seemed to feel territorial towards the young man, and Dressdon never backed down.
“It is raining and we are getting ready to go above,” Dressdon said turning to them. Zanas felt a small jolt at the word above. Ressna hopped off the bed and began to bounce excitedly. 
“Come on Zanas, we need to get ready,” she called as she pulled on her boots. Zanas glanced at Dressdon.
“I thought you were not allowed to go above,” she asked and Dressdon laughed.
“Those are city rules. I guess they are made to protect their soft flesh. We follow our own rules in this clan, which simply put are three. We fight for our clan, we kill for our clan, and we die for our clan. You will fully understand that when you become a Pursuer of the beneath,” he finished, his eyes serious. Zanas felt excitement at his words. He had never before said that he expected her to pass the tests. He turned to leave.
“You know where to meet, make sure you show her the way,” Dressdon said as he left. Zanas turned to see Ressna staring at her with a small knowing smile on her face.
“What is it?” she asked, leaning down to pull on her own boot.  
“Oh nothing…” Ressna replied in a cryptic tone. 
Zanas shook her head and dismissed her odd behavior. They were heading to the door and Maleek made a move as if to follow them. Zanas shook her head, sending the animal mental images to accompany her refusal. Maleek growled in annoyance, sitting on his haunches and looking at Zanas. She grabbed Ressna’s last bit of jerky and handed it to the canine. He lay down and began to eat the meat, but still made a low growl of contempt.
Maleek had also been coming when she hunted with her team. He listened to her mental commands and ran well with the pack. Nobody said anything about him coming, so he had continued to shadow them, helping to bring down kills when there was multiple prey. He did not understand why, now, he could not come and felt unsatisfied with Zanas’s attempts at mental explanations. She gave him one last look as they stepped out the large door.  
Zanas let Ressna take the lead and she followed her as they moved swiftly through the hallways. She realized that she was being led to the fourth level when they came to the stairs and headed up. They made their way through the crowded recreation center, down the long hallways, coming to what seemed to be a dead end. Ressna pushed firmly on a wall and it opened into another shaft. Zanas’s eyes adjusted to the dark unlighted tunnel, and she saw the rest of them waiting further inside.  
The light blue glow, that she had come to recognize as the microscopic Ulwahi, was growing on the walls. Dressdon waved them closer and they joined the small huddle of Pursuers.  
“We are going to break off into teams.” He turned to the brothers. “You two will team up, Ressna and Desstina will hunt together and Zanas, you will be with me,” he said looking at her seriously. 
Somehow, she always felt uneasy when he was not addressing her with his usual mocking manner. There was something more personal in this type of interaction, something Zanas did not know how to react to. 
“Desstina, you take the lead,” he commanded, and the blonde girl started to run up the tunnel, Ressna right beside her and the twins quickly following. Zanas picked up pace beside Dressdon, and they were all soon flying up the dark tunnel leading to the surface.
They naturally followed the same pace. There was no holding back, each of them easily matching the speeding stride. She could feel each of their breaths as they sucked in and exhaled out, her breathing matching theirs. She sensed the pounding of their hearts, as her own beat solidly with theirs. They ran like this for a long period never missing a step and never breaking pace. They neared the surface, the humidity of the air changing and she could smell the wet air that spoke of the recent rain.
They broke through the surface and into the tree filled forest of the night, pausing at the entrance, a small outcropping of rocks where the small cave erupted from the earth. They began removing their boots and their cloaks. It was refreshing to Zanas to feel the moist earth under her bare feet and to feel the warm tropical air blowing on her skin. As if in welcome, she heard the haunting cries of the birds that populated the dark forest. She stared across the green landscape, her mutated eyes deciphering the colors they had never been able to see before.  
The luminous landscape of the pangerra flowers filled her vision. Before, she had been able to see the flowers as they glowed, blinking slightly. But now, she could follow the beginning of the glow from deep inside the plant and watch as it spread through the flower, a flame igniting. She found herself staring at the flowers with her mouth agape, like some bug mystified by the beauty of their radiance. One of the brothers stepped too close to a blossom, and it ejected pollen into the air like fireworks, a flash of brilliance in the night sky.
She heard a soft chuckle and looked to see Dressdon watching her with amusement.
“Only we see the night as it is meant to be seen,” he said quietly. 
Zanas said nothing, but understood exactly what he meant. She had never known the colors and shades that she was unable to see. She never even dreamed that there could be such colors, the kind that almost hurt her eyes to view. The pollen also brought back another memory and she began to wonder how she was going to protect herself from the toxic dust. Dressdon seemed to sense her worry and she wondered if he was also remembering that night when they first met.
“The pollen does not affect those from below. I would say that Alwahi has changed you enough that it will not affect you either,” he said turning to the others. “You know what to do; we will meet back here before the bright light is above,” he said, pointing to a pulsating star that hung low in the horizon. The others nodded their assent, and then quickly disappeared into the forest in pairs. She was once again left standing alone in the bright tapestry of the night with the young man from beneath. He turned his bright eyes on her and she felt that familiar skipping of her heart.
“We will be looking for a ground beast. They only come out after the rains and their meat is a delicacy for the Pursuers.” He paused for a moment. “Although they are just ground beasts, there are many predators that roam these forests after a rain as well.” 
The tone of his voice was slightly mocking, and Zanas suddenly felt angry. He was treating her like a child. She had hunted in this forest before and she had brought down plenty of prey. His eyes widened as he took in her anger and he grinned. 
“Keep close to me, young one, and I’ll keep you safe.” She could tell by the shaking of his shoulders that he was laughing as he turned and began to run.
Zanas was furious. He did not appear to be very much older than her, perhaps nineteen. However, he was treating her as if she were completely inexperienced. She had not been in this world for very long, but she had been training for it her whole life without even knowing it. It was in her blood, in her very being. She growled softly as she picked up pace behind him.  
They raced through the forest and her anger began to subside. It was wonderful to feel the damp earth at her feet and see the swaying of the jungle leaves. As they ran through the Pangerra flowers, they were sprayed with vibrant colors, the pollen sticking to their bodies. They glowed brightly like some magical bird, racing through the rainforest. Zanas could hear the splash of water as they came to a small stream and Dressdon leaped across it. She quickly followed his lead and felt the warm water spray her skin as she passed over it.
Deep within the thick forest, a movement caught her eyes. Zanas reached back and pulled out her bow, stringing her arrow and sending it flying before Dressdon had even come to stop. It hummed through the air passing by his body and soaring out into the darkness. They heard a high-pitched squeal that permeated the glowing night and they followed the sound to its source. The animal had dragged itself down a small ravine. They crouched under a ledge as Zanas leaned down and silenced the animal’s cries. She pulled her arrow out of the animal, and its iridescent purple blood streamed onto the earth.  
Dressdon moved down next to her and pulled out his knife. With one quick swipe, he slit open the animal and began butchering it. His words from earlier echoed in her mind and she was once again overcome with anger. He seemed to sense the change in her and his green eyes looked up and into hers. Once again, that mocking smile came across his face and Zanas felt that he was enjoying himself. She found herself baring her teeth in aggression, and was met by his soft laughter.
Out of nowhere, she was lifted and flung back against the rock wall behind them, Dressdon’s purple stained hands pinning her by the shoulders. Her vision turned red and she felt her mouth opening wide in fury. She brought down her teeth to the hard muscle of his shoulder, and he gave a grunt in pain. He tightened his grip on her body, until she felt a pain where his strong hands squeezed her flesh. And then she heard the sound of animals moving through the forest.
There seemed to be dozens of them, their soft whines echoing to each other in the night. She could hear them sniffing the spilled blood where she had pierced the animal with the arrow. They were bickering with each other, a snarl echoed by a yelp, as one injured another. The animals were just above them on the ledge of the rocks. Her skin began to prickle, as she sensed them staring down the darkened ravine. Another squeal echoed in the night as a ground beast was flushed out by the pack of predators that sped off in chase of the yelping animal.
Zanas came back to the realization that she was still pinned against the rocks by Dressdon. She could taste the sweet flavor of his blood in her mouth. Her anger towards him had not subsided, and she felt her eyes burning into his. He laughed.
“I love it when you’re angry, your eyes dance with fury,” he whispered, and Zanas suddenly realized how close his face was to hers. She felt as though her heart would explode, as it pounded furiously in her chest, and she began to feel faint. He reached back, grabbed her braid with his hand, and pulled on it roughly, tilting her head up towards his. She felt the vibration as she began to growl, and his arms tightened around her. Echoing her growl, he brought his lips roughly down onto hers. Her breath was taken away as she felt the soft velvet touch of his skin on hers.
A sound behind them brought them back to reality and he let go of her. They turned to see Desstina staring at them. First, she gave Dressdon what appeared to be a hurt look, and then she turned to look at Zanas, a burning hatred glowing in her eyes. Before either of them could say anything, she had turned and disappeared back into the forest.


Chapter 11- Prey

Dressdon said nothing for a moment as he stared where Desstina had been, his face serious once again. Then without a word, he stooped down and began to finish butchering the animal. Zanas glanced up at the sky and realized the bright star was almost directly overhead.  
She found her anger had completely dissolved, and she was left feeling confused. She had no idea why Dressdon had kissed her. There had been an irresistible urge in the air between them, one that she could not understand. In all honesty, she had not had very many interactions with the other sex. That was her sister’s domain. Zanas had never even had a boyfriend. It was not that the boys in her class found her unattractive; in fact, they found her breathtakingly beautiful. But she was not like other girls, she had never been. Zanas never lacked confidence or the fierce need to compete. For some reason, that seemed to intimidate the boys who wanted to approach her. This had never bothered Zanas however; where the boys were intimidated by her, she was disdainful of them. There was just something about them that she found unable to respect.  
Her lips burned where his had been and she reached up and touched them with her fingers. Her heart began to pound in her flesh once more as she glanced down at him. She shook herself, her head buzzing with excitement, and pulled out her knife. Ignoring the flipping of her stomach, she leaned down and began assisting in the butchering.
“Soon the sun will come up,” he stated, no trace of the mocking tone. “We must make sure that we are back below way before then. We are adapted to below. You will not be able to come above when it is day, or you could go blind. Never come above alone,” he finished. Zanas nodded, not saying anything.
Weighed down with her kill, they began to jog back through the green jungle. Instead of watching the forest as she ran, she found herself watching him. His strong legs pounded steadily on the earthen ground, his toned arms moving in rhythm. He was once again without his shirt, and she found herself mesmerized by the way his line of soft glowing tattoos moved as he ran. 
“Come on girl, you can run faster,” he growled over his shoulder. 
Zanas felt her anger return, and in a flash, she had darted around him and took the lead. She felt her breath quicken and she let all her mental restraints fall away. Zanas stopped pacing herself with imaginary limits. If she had any before, Alwahi had long since dissolved them. 
The brightly lit forest around her sped by, colors blending into each other like a stretched rainbow. The wind of the forest pulled at her hair, and she let out a small cry of ecstatic joy, startled when she heard it echoed closely behind her. She leaped over a log that lay across her path, ducking under the branches of a fallen tree, the vibrant colored forest flowing past her vision. The bright stars shined through the trees, making the dark aglow, as the crunching of their steps echoed in the night.
Zanas saw the small cave up ahead and she raced toward it stopping suddenly at the entrance, her bare feet skidding on the earth. Dressdon quickly followed behind her coming to a sliding stop, a wild windblown look about him, his eyes dancing with excitement.  
They stared at each other, neither saying anything, as they inhaled deeply. The forest stirred once again, and the rest of the hunting party came into the clearing. The pangerra flowers had made canvases of all of them. Zanas found herself gazing at her team, each one alight with the bright colors of the flowers. Each of their bodies were covered in bright splotches of glowing pollen; with green, purple, pink and blue mixed together. There were streaks of colors, where hands had grazed across bodies. Their faces looked like wild exotic animals, a Technicolor display of light.
As quickly as they met, Dressdon turned and led them down the tunnel. Zanas took up the rear next to Ressna, and they lit up the tunnel as they ran through it. Zanas was reminded of how different their ascent had been. Before, the gentle blue glow of the Ulwahi had lit their path, and now they blazed through the tunnels, casting shadows on the walls as they ran. Before long, they had made their way to entrance and with a push, the door swung open, and they exited into the hallway. 
After unloading her meat at the kitchens, Zanas paused by her room long enough to give Maleek some choice pieces and then headed to bathe. Once again, the pool was tainted with color, but this time it bubbled with bright swirls. She soaked in the steaming water thinking once again of the kiss. Dressdon had completely ignored her after they had reentered the hold. After unloading his meat, he simply disappeared into the dark tunnels.  
When Zanas finally made it back to her room, she found Ressna curled up on her bed with Maleek. She was not surprised to find the girl in her room. Ressna had long ago made herself at home, sometimes even forgetting to knock before she burst in on Zanas. Although this could have upset her, she found the girl’s behavior welcoming, as it reminded her of her sister. Asenya had never felt the need for Zanas to have privacy. As far as Asenya had been concerned, Zanas was just an extension of herself. The thought of her sister brought an aching pain to her heart.  
“So…” Ressna began, “what’s going on between you and Dressdon?” she boldly finished. Zanas stopped mid-step, her mouth open.  
“What do you mean?” she asked, dropping her clothes into a pile and collecting the clean ones that once again were left for her. “Who leaves the clothes?” she asked absentmindedly, and she was answered by Ressna’s amused laugh.
“Yah, change the subject,” she said, rolling her eyes. “The drudges bring them,” Ressna said shrugging. “Not all the city folk find cushy places. Some of them have no choice but to be servants to the clans.” She frowned slightly. “It’s that or starve, I guess.”
“Why don’t they join the clans?” Zanas asked and once again, she was answered by Ressna’s laughter.
“You don’t realize this, because you’re not from here, but the city born are weak and fear filled. They would rather live a life of drudgery, than risk their lives pledging a clan.” Ressna grunted in disgust. Zanas thought about this for a moment.
“But weren’t all Pursuers once city people?” Zanas asked. She could see the conflict that flashed in the girl’s eyes. Ressna did not reply for a moment, and then simply nodded in confirmation. Zanas knew that she was upsetting the girl, but still she continued.
“Then you were city born,” Zanas stated. “There are no children in the Pursuer hold.” Now she could see pain mixed in with the conflict in Ressna’s eyes. It was quiet in the room, only the chewing of a bone by Maleek to break the silence. Finally, Ressna sighed and then began to speak, as if she had come to some kind of resolution within herself.
“Yes I was city born. My father was…” she paused for a moment, “is a member of the assembly. The assembly makes the laws of the city. We lived in a grand house and father was constantly surrounded by supplicants trying to earn his favor. I was given anything I wanted, except the one thing I ever asked for, his blessing to pledge Pursuer. He saw no reason for me to join. He did not want his daughter joining a pack of heathens, as he stated it. I knew nothing else would make me happy, and that I could not live in his comfortable little world of pleated clothing and constant frivolous chatter,” Ressna said, pulling absently at a nonexistent thread on her clothing.
“I always knew I was meant to run with the Pursers, and so, I walked into the pledge house and I declared Pursuer. I have never seen my family since, although we are not banned from interacting. They have never tried to reach me, and I long ago lost the need to be accepted by them,” she finished quietly, shrugging her tired shoulders. Although she said this, Zanas could tell that Ressna truly did not mean it. Being ostracized by her family still brought pain to her.
“Anyway,” Ressna said climbing to her feet. “We are all going to meet at the rec center. Dressdon reserved the course for our team and we are going to play.” The energetic grin had returned to Ressna’s face, and all signs of the sorrow reflected there moments before were gone. “So grab your bow and let’s go,” she finished. They left, walking excitedly down the hallways.
Although Zanas had never played, she understood the concept of the game by watching the Pursuers in their game of choice. They called it “the run” and from what Zanas had been able to gather, it was a type of hunted/hunter game. Half would carry bows and the other half would don a protective suit, complete with a mask that covered the face. She had watched the teams heading into the course, those in protected gear heading in first, and the hunters second. Zanas had also watched them exit the course, the hunted with arrows jutting out from their protective gear. The suits appeared to protect the wearers from the brunt of the injury. However, some deftly flown arrows still pierced slightly through the armor and into the flesh, leaving a shallow bleeding wound.
Even the bloody aspects of the game did not draw away from the fact that it was, indeed, a game. The teams that left the course always had the wild look of excitement in their eyes, and their laughter and teasing echoed the halls as they left. Zanas felt the rush of excitement she had come to expect in the world of Pursuers.  
They met at the entrance to the course, a small room equipped with colored arrows and black hanging suits. The rest of the team was already assembled.
“So nice of you to join us,” Desstina growled as she gave the girls a narrowed look as they entered the room.
This seemed to amuse the twins and they quickly added, “We don’t have time for you girls…” one started.
 “and your beauty sessions…” the other finished, both of them with wide grins. 
“It must be sad to have to work at being good looking,” the first sighed in mock sympathy. 
The team erupted in laughter, Zanas laughing heartily. Desstina let out a small huff of anger, and then began to pull herself into one of the suits hanging on the wall. Tress and Ressna glimmered in their black suits, the hoods pulled over their faces, reminding Zanas of some kind of phantom.
Dressdon walked into her view, again the serious look in his eyes. She narrowed her eyes at him; he was once more playing the responsible team leader. For some reason, this annoyed Zanas and she found herself glaring at him.  
“You, Fless and I will be on one team. This round we will be the hunters. We will each choose our own colored arrows. Points are awarded for tagging an enemy, with higher points being awarded for critical shots. Second round we switch roles, with the same rules applying,” he ended his statement with a grin and then walked to the wall, collecting a quiver of black arrows. Zanas walked over to the arrows and pulled a bag across her shoulders, keeping one ready in her hands. Dressdon pulled the door open and looked pointedly at Zanas.
“The hunted enter first,” he said, and the three prey rushed out into the course. They waited quietly, not saying a word, and then they too entered.
Zanas was looking up at tall cliff walls. She could see different shafts that were visible ahead, and it was quite evident that this was some kind of maze. Dressdon and Tress split off in different directions, choosing separate access points into the labyrinth. Zanas stared ahead and scanned the other openings in the cliff, not sure which entrance to follow. She closed her eyes for a moment. She would let her instinct lead her. Opening her eyes, she began running, going the way that felt right.
Zanas strung her arrow as she ran down the path, surrounded by high cliff walls. The canyon was void of all sound, reminding Zanas eerily of death, and possessing the faint scent of spilled blood. Her arms begin to flex as she pulled on the string of her bow, sensing stirring up ahead. It was Tress darting down a side tunnel. Before he could fully round the corner, Zanas let her arrow fly, striking his leg. 
She heard a soft curse as she rounded the corner. Tress had stopped and waited for her arrival. He tried to maneuver around her and run back down the way they had come from, but Zanas had already notched another arrow. As he leaped in the air, the arrow sailed straight into the center of his chest. He crumbled to the floor, seeming like a lifeless body, and then began to beat his hands furiously on the ground. Zanas could not help but laugh, his actions reminding her of a naughty toddler throwing a fit. 
“Curse you woman, you have killed me all ready? I’ll never hear the end of this one.” He sighed as he pulled himself up and began to walk back to the waiting room.  
Zanas pulled another arrow from her quiver and continued down the closest tunnel, picking up her pace. She found Ressna next, running with lightning fast speed. Zanas closed in behind her, letting loose her arrow and just as it seemed as if it would strike Ressna, the girl flipped to the side and it flew past her in the air. Out of the corner of her eye, Zanas saw a black arrow flying towards her target, striking Ressna in the arm.  
Ressna fell to her knees just as a second black arrow flew through the space, were just moments before, her heart had been. Zanas scanned a side tunnel and saw Dressdon standing with his next arrow aimed at Ressna. She felt her vision turning red as she let her arrow fly. It was though it soared at Ressna in slow motion, flying straight and true, as it slammed into her suit directly where the heart was. Just a split second before a black arrow struck beside it. Ressna looked down at the two arrows sticking out of her chest.
“Curses!” she cried, shaking her fist in the air and then gave them both a look. “Sheesh, you two are deadly.” She grinned pulling off her hood and walking back towards the entrance. Zanas saw Dressdon’s eyes flash for a moment and then he disappeared down another passageway. She had just picked up her pace, when she heard a commotion and knew that the last prey had been terminated. 
When she stepped into the room, they stopped chatting and looked at her, Ressna grinning.
“You scored the highest this round,” Ressna said with an excited laugh. “Two critical hits and one minor hit. Dressdon came in second, with one critical and one minor and Fless hit nothing,” she finished, giving Fless a sheepish grin. He pretended to scowl at her but instead broke into a smile of return.
“These hands were made for smashing,” Fless said as if in explanation.
“Come on. Stop wasting time and get in your suits,” Desstina said making a face at them, the blonde girl walked over to the arrows, pulling the red ones to her back. She viciously pulled an arrow out and gave Zanas a menacing smile.  
Zanas walked over to the wall, grabbing one of the suits, and began pulling it over her clothes. The black material was lightweight, but it was obviously extremely durable. As she pulled over her mask, she caught sight of Dressdon watching her. He raised an eyebrow in challenge and she felt her anger rising. It was Ressna who opened the door for them this time, and Zanas quickly ran into the first tunnel she came across, trying to get deep into the labyrinth. 
Once again the quiet of the human created canyons, seemed eerily empty. Her feet landed softly onto the rock floor, as she made her way towards the center. Zanas realized that the course had limits, these canyon walls did not run on forever. She ran faster, pushing herself to gain time. When she made it to the center, she circled back, taking the outer passageways. Zanas knew her opponents would be making their way toward the center and she could sneak up behind them. She came up on Ressna first; the girl did not even hear her coming as Zanas quickly stepped into one of the side tunnels and avoided her.  
Zanas heard Desstina before she saw her. There was a slight movement of air as Desstina breathed in and out. The blonde had climbed up on the ledge of one of the canyons. Desstina was not stalking her prey, but instead was waiting for it to come to her. She had anticipated Zanas’s plan of evasion and had quietly waited, preparing to ambush her. Desstina already had an arrow cocked and ready, and just as Zanas heard her steady breathing, she heard the soft hiss of an arrow being released. She felt the pain as the arrow pierced its target and punctured the material, plunging into Zanas’s flesh.  
The impact of the arrow knocked her to the ground and she lay there for a moment dazed and confused. The sound of soft laughter reached her ears, and she realized that it was the joyous elation of Desstina. Her vision turned from hazy, to red, as she felt her blood boiling. Two green eyes appeared above her and Dressdon was pulling her to her feet. Her chest throbbed and she felt blood begin to trickle down her stomach. Zanas felt no pain however, only one thought echoing in her mind.
She was going to make that girl bleed… 


Chapter 12- Revenge

Dressdon was entirely too quiet, as they sat in the waiting room. His first act had been to take a mighty hold of the end of the shaft and with a swift jerk, pull the tip out of her skin. Zanas heard herself let out a small exhalation of air from the sudden pain. She pulled the hood from her head, yearning for more air. Shrugging off the arms of the suit, she took a closer look at the wound. 
The arrow had torn her shirt as it entered and Zanas pulled the tear wider to get a better look. It was a nasty looking wound, but not too deep. She jumped slightly when Dressdon sank to his knees in front of her. She felt a slight stinging wetness as he deftly applied a bandage to the wound.
“You know the object of prey is to not get shot.” He looked up at her, his face glowing with a wide grin. 
Zanas gave him no answer, but simply looked pointedly at the arrow still sticking out from his chest. The silence was palpable for a moment, and then they both erupted into laughter, just as Fless came walking into the room.
Fless looked like a pincushion. He had two arrows in one arm, one in the other, and a fourth arrow jutting from his chest. The funniest part however, was when he turned around and they caught sight of the arrow stuck in his rear end. Once again, the room was filled with laughter, as first Zanas and then Dressdon began rolling in laughter, Fless joining in. She felt a stab in her heart, and thought for a moment it was pain, but then she realized it was something different. She felt the camaraderie that she had seen the other teams expressing when leaving the course. This was her team, and her heart soared.
The hunters returned and the waiting room filled with their excited chatter. As they exited the course, the next team was waiting anxiously to enter. Zanas felt an unfamiliar touch on her back and she turned to see a young boy, perhaps fourteen at the most. He was staring at the rip in her shirt and the white color of the bandage beneath.
“Nice. Took a piercer to the chest, huh?” he said, his eyes dancing excitedly. “I’ve never had one,” he added with a slight frown. “None of my team has the force to do it.” His grin returned and he gave her a wink. He was just about to turn back to his party when he stopped, his smile fading for a moment. It seemed as though he was finally taking in her face, and there was something about it that he found startling. He smiled again, although to Zanas it seemed less genuine than before, then he joined his team.
The fourth level hallways were crowded with Pursuers. Everywhere Zanas turned, she saw her black laden clan mates. She could hear the roar of voices and sensed a large mass of people up ahead. They passed two women, whose long lines showed through their sheer clothing, seeming to float as they walked the halls. The roaring increased, and she watched Dressdon enter a large chamber. Two men stood in the center of a mass of people. The scent of blood entered Zanas’s nostrils and she felt her teeth baring in anticipation. A smack echoed across the room, as one of the men circled in the air, bringing his hand down on the other man’s face.  
Unconsciously, Zanas felt herself pushing her way forward through the crowd. She was caught up in the wave of emotions, the rush of heated excitement, the pounding of voices that rose and fell with the beating of fists. The men were an equal match and the fight was far from over. Zanas was fascinated by the blows that were thrown and taken, with only the cries of the thrill escaping the fighter’s lips. Finally, it seemed as though surely there would be a casualty, the floor was splattered with blood. She watched as one of the men lifted his fist in the air in a pumping motion. The winner, laughing heartily, pulled the surrendering man to his feet.
Zanas heard the overflowing voices of the Pursuers around her. First, they roared in the culmination of the fight, some in encouragement and others in disbelief. Then, the room was filled with the heated conversations of the viewer’s debating the outcome of the fight. She felt the hairs on the back of her neck stand up.
“Did you enjoy the match?” Dressdon asked his voice low but easily heard in the crowd, his lips close to Zanas’s ear. She felt a chill run through her, the excitement of the brutal fight still coursing in her veins, the musky smell of blood in the air.
“Yes,” she said her voice almost a whisper. She heard his soft chuckle.
“Good, because it’s time for your second test. All Pursuers must fight for the clan.” Zanas looked back at the arena, the splotches of blood covering the floor, and the understanding came to her.
“Who do I fight?” she asked, turning to face Dressdon. His face lit up with a mischievous smile.
“That’s the best part,” he answered. “You get to choose.”  
Zanas felt that throb of anger pulsating inside her, and the memory of the pain of the arrow in her chest swam to her mind. She could hear Desstina laughing, her evil eyes flashing in delight. Zanas heard the low growl coming from her throat, and she found herself grinning back at Dressdon, the same mischievous smile.
His hands snaked around her back grabbing hold of her hair and pulling her closer. He tugged slightly on her braid, tilting her head back, and she thought for a moment that he would kiss her again. Instead, he leaned in, smelling her hair, his lips close to her neck. She heard the sound of him inhaling deeply, and then he turned, leaving her standing in the middle of the crowded room. He was gone before she even knew that he was leaving.
… … …
Zanas sought out Ressna in the crowd. The girl was speaking with a group of young Pursuers, her sharp teeth flashing as she held back her head, laughter escaping from her mouth. When Zanas walked among them, Ressna seemed to notice something in Zanas’s eyes and quickly excused herself from the group. 
“What is it?” Ressna asked.
“Dressdon told me about the second test,” Zanas explained. Ressna began to laugh.
“You’re not afraid of getting beat up… are you?” Ressna asked with a teasing smile.       
Zanas laughed. “Never,” she growled. This brought another laugh from Ressna, who winked at her.
“I didn’t think so,” Ressna said, grabbing Zanas by the arm and leading her out into the quieter area of the hallway. “Once you have been told of the challenge, you have twenty-four hours to declare an opponent. At any meal, you can stand up and make your claim. Be careful you choose wisely, we are all here because we can fight for our clan.” With that, Ressna turned and returned to the group she had been chatting with. Zanas felt overwhelmed for a moment by the many possibilities circulating in her mind. Without thinking, she turned and made her way back towards her room, and more importantly, the bathing pool.
The shallow wound that the arrow had made burned when she eased herself into the hot pool. It seemed as though she had been spending the majority of her time soaking in the hard stone bowl. She had a decision to make, and did not have very much time. The circulating water swirled around Zanas and she let out a soft moan. The creak of the door opening made her eyes shoot open, as a blonde figure stepped into the room. Desstina’s eyes widened in shock for a moment, and then her malicious smile spread across her face.
“I didn’t know that there was anyone in this tub,” she said, suspiciously friendly. Zanas could see her glance down at the bandage still on her chest. She heard the melodious laughter of the blonde, as she turned to leave. “Got you,” Desstina called over her shoulder and the heavy door closed behind her. Zanas fumed for a moment and then exited the stone basin.
Back in her room, she found Maleek waiting impatiently by the door. He broadcasted feelings of annoyance, as he stalked past her, and made his way down the dark tunnel. She could not help but laugh as she entered her room. The fire was almost out and her room had a dark overcast look, the dying embers of the fire flickering. Instead of feeding the fire, she walked over to the big window and heaved it open; the bright glow of Ulwahi glittered down on her. She loved the way the sparkly essence seemed to fall on everything that lived in the world that Alwahi created.
Zanas’s mind drifted to the impending fight. She had been truthful when she had told Ressna that she was unafraid. This would not be her first sparing battle before the eyes of spectators. Nor would it be the first time that she had fought and won. However, the words of Ressna echoed in her mind. She knew the girl was right and that she could not underestimate her opponent. Before, she had been in a world where she was extraordinary, and now she lived in a world where Alwahi made everything extraordinary. 
As she pulled on her shirt she felt a small stab of pain, and she reached down, pulling off the bandage that covered the wound. She found the sides of the puncture already beginning to heal. A yawn escaped her mouth and weariness set in. Pulling the window closed she added logs to the fire and then crawled into bed, quickly falling asleep.
When Zanas awoke the next morning, she found that her stomach was filled with a bubbling excitement. She hurriedly braided her hair before she headed down the dark hallway to the meal hall, almost running into Dressdon and Ressna.  
“Hungry?” Dressdon asked with one eyebrow raised. His eyes where bright with amusement and Zanas began to laugh. It felt good to be carefree for a moment, and once again, that moment came in the presence of Dressdon. If only he could stay as good-natured. They entered the hall, gathering their meal, and then headed to their table. The twins and Desstina seemed to be in a heated debate. Whatever it was made no sense to Zanas, and she soon found herself lost in thought.
The noisy meal hall around her seemed to fade out as she concentrated on the task ahead of her. She stood up at her table and waited, going unnoticed for a moment except for the watchful, laughing eyes of Dressdon. The twins noticed her next, their boisterous vocals ceasing, followed by Desstina. The silence of the table seemed to spread like a wave, as the Pursuers around her joined in the silence, all eyes on Zanas. Finally, it spread to the furthest table, the last speakers noticing how quiet it was around them, and joining in the stillness.
“I, Zanas, am choosing Desstina as my opponent for the second challenge.” The hall remained quiet, and then it erupted in unison.
“Heard and accepted,” they roared. 
Zanas’s heart started to beat faster as she sat back down. She didn’t know what she expected when she looked at Desstina. Perhaps some apprehension, or even a slight hint of fear; but instead, she was greeted by something quite different.
Desstina was grinning at her with ecstatic triumph.
... ... ...
Ressna chased her back to her room, bouncing like a yoyo as she had jabbered on to Zanas. The fight was scheduled for the evening; they would be the main event of the Pursuer hold. The only thing that had finally quieted Ressna was the hard knock at the bedroom door. Zanas opened it to see Dressdon standing in the shadowy hallway, the lone torch flickering brightly. She felt the presence of Ressna close behind her and then the girl had stepped past her and out into the hallway.
“I’ll see you tonight!” she called over her shoulder. 
Zanas was left alone with Dressdon, who was still standing in the hallway. He stepped into her room, closing the door behind him. Zanas jumped slightly as she heard the low growl of Maleek. She was annoyed at the jumpiness. It bothered her that being alone with Dressdon unnerved her. He gave one narrowed look at the animal and then turned to her.
“You know it may have been more opportunistic to choose another opponent,” he said looking at her, the dreaded seriousness in his eyes. “I will let you know that your opponent has never lost a fight…and she loves to fight.” His eyes stared into hers for a moment and then he smiled, turned his head to the side, appraising Zanas with a bold look that sent her heart into a deep pounding. Once again, Maleek began to growl menacingly in the background. “Although I don’t doubt you can take care of yourself.” His eyes flashed as he stepped closer. “Be wary of her tricks,” he said, turning and pulling the door open. “Good luck, Pursuer.” 
Zanas thought about what Dressdon had said. She could have picked someone who she could have been assured of an easy battle. The young boy she had met after running the course entered her mind. But she had never been one to shrink from a challenge and it was time that the tension between her and Desstina came to a culmination. She looked up to see Maleek staring at her; the creature’s fur was radiating an aggressive blue, seeming to vibrate slightly. He could sense the tensing in her body and the feelings of angry turmoil that were swarming through her. Zanas knew that he was preparing himself for the impending battle and she reached out, stroking his fur.
“Sorry boy, this will be a battle that I fight alone.” He seemed to understand what she was saying and his fur slowly radiated to his calm red glow.  
Before she knew it, the hours had faded away. She stood up giving Maleek a scratch on the chin before she left. The long corridors of the dark hallways were surprisingly empty. She did not see a single person, nor hear a sound, until she entered the fourth level. Opening the door, she was hit with the noise of a packed hall. Everywhere she looked, she saw Pursuers. They loitered out in the hall, lounging, leaned up against the stone walls. As Zanas passed, their eyes followed her, their pointy teeth shinning in the dark. There was an energy that buzzed in the air, the cacophony of excited voices echoing out into the hallway.
When Zanas entered the room, the crowd of Pursuers parted for her until she reached the fighting arena. Finally, she stepped out into the center. Desstina stood there, flashing her teeth and growling at Zanas. The sound of voices seemed to rise to a fevered pitch and Zanas felt the soothing vibration of a growl stirring in her chest. When the pitch of the crowd reached its zenith, Desstina leaped forward and the battle began.
All the sound in the room seemed to fade out, as her vision turned red hued. The motions of Desstina seemed exaggerated; she could tell by the shift in weight on one foot that the girl was going to kick at her, and Zanas was able to sidestep. As Desstina lunged forward, Zanas brought down her elbow onto the blonde’s sternum. Desstina let out a puff of air before bringing her hand back and striking Zanas across the face. She felt a stinging across her cheek and reached up, pulling back bloody fingers. The razor sharp nails of Desstina had sliced across her face. The blonde let out a roar in triumph.
With the roar of the crowd, also came a renewed surge of rage. Zanas whipped out her arm with a swift jab, connecting with Desstina’s cheek. The skin around Desstina’s face moved in a swell, a wave created by the deadly force of Zanas’s fist, spreading from the epicenter. A small trickle of blood escaped from the side of the blonde’s mouth, her perfect white teeth colored red. Desstina scowled at her, wiping her cheek and spitting a mouthful of blood onto the floor.
The noise of the crowd changed with the scent of blood in the air. Zanas was surrounded by glowing green eyes, the eyes of predators in frenzy. Desstina was coming at her again. This time her flying hand found only air. Zanas grabbed the girl by her neck, slamming Desstina’s head into her knee. Desstina dropped to the floor, cradling her nose. She seemed finished. Then the words of Dressdon echoed in her mind, just as Desstina catapulted herself upward, her fist outstretched. She made contact with the center of Zanas’s face. The force of the blow knocked Zanas on her back, and Desstina leaped atop her. 
The crowd was screaming now. They seemed to be like exotic dancers as they moved their bodies in a swell, like waves smashing on the beach. Desstina wrapped her hands tightly around Zanas’s neck digging her sharp claws into the flesh. Time stopped for Zanas, only the taste of her blood in her mouth and the sound of her beating heart.  
And then it was as if she was water. Her body flowed, twisting and turning so that she was behind Desstina. Zanas’s arms wrapped around Desstina’s neck, interlocking, as her legs wrapped around the girl’s waist. Desstina flopped around like a fish, trying to bring her hands behind her to hit Zanas, but to no avail. Zanas simply squeezed tighter. She could see a glazed look spread over the blonde’s eyes as she began to lose consciousness, and finally she saw the slow movement of Desstina’s fist pumping in the air.  
Then, there was only the roaring of the crowd.


Chapter 13- Glittering City

Zanas awoke with a groan, her entire face sore, as moving her lips brought a sharp pain to her head. She pushed the big paws of Maleek out of her way as she climbed out of bed. The big beast made a slight grunt, and then quickly returned to his soft snoring. When she started to braid her hair, she realized that her hands ached as well, the knuckles of one hand bloody and cracked. From the throb in her throat, she had no doubt that there were probably bruises the shape of Desstina’s fingers.
But all of these things were nothing compared to the feeling she had radiating through her body. She had passed her second challenge; she was two-thirds of the way to becoming a Pursuer. She had started out the journey in search of her sister. The information Arrelia had been able to give her, told her the reclusive clan of Dreamers dealt with only one clan, Pursuers. 
She also knew that being beneath for too long would change her, and she would be unable to return to the above. The people of the city of rock may be able to adapt over time, as they once had, to living above; but that would take years. Years of pain, as the adaptations of Alwahi yearned to be where they belonged. However, none of that meant anything to Zanas, who was not a person of the city, but a Pursuer pledge. Her body was adapting far beyond the tame city dwellers. Once you became a Pursuer of the beneath, you were one for life.
Zanas had not been sure, when she had walked down that long hall, of what clan she would declare. She could have pledged Dreamer and had an easier time of seeing her sister. But when she stood in front of the three, all she saw was her legs running free and hard, and she had declared Pursuer. Zanas had known, deep inside, that this was the clan she was meant to be in. Even for her own sister, she could not give up a lifetime of freedom.  
The people above had explained to her that her sister was being groomed to be a Dreamer of beneath. Where the people above practiced principles of Alwahi, the people beneath lived the principles of Alwahi. Being so close to the body of Alwahi, Ulwahi, made the spiritual connection so much stronger. 
A vision of her sister working with the sisters in Panrrela’s tree came to her. She remembered how happy Asenya had been, eager to work with Ulwahi. Deep down, Zanas knew that if her sister had been harmed she would have known. She would see her sister again, there was no doubt.
A soft knocking and the slow creak of the door heralded the entrance of Ressna. Zanas looked up as the spiky haired girl entered the room carrying a tray of food. She felt her stomach begin to rumble and Maleek lazily opened one eye, sniffing the air. Ressna hopped on the bed next to Maleek, popping a small piece of meat into her mouth, and grinning evilly at Zanas.
“Looks like you ran face first into a wall,” Ressna said laughing. “How do you feel?”  
Zanas laughed. “I feel like I ran into a wall,” she said trying to smile, and immediately regretted it, a pain shooting through her lip. Ressna pulled a bowl from the tray and handed it to Zanas.
“I thought you would be hungry and some soup will go down easy,” she said with a grin. 
Zanas happily began to eat the soup, bringing the bowl to her lips and drinking deeply. The meaty flavor of the broth was delicious, and she let out a soft sigh as she swallowed it. Ressna picked a large piece of meat up, placed it in Maleek’s open mouth, and he too seemed to let out a sigh of enjoyment.
“Everyone is buzzing about the fight. You are the first person that has ever won a fight against Desstina. I have never seen such a commotion over a pledge fight.” She paused for a moment. “But then again, most pledges don’t fight like you do. Well…that’s not true either…no pledge has fought like you do.” 
Once again, Zanas felt that familiar sense of dread that came when she saw that fear reflected in people’s eyes. Once again, she was surprised to find none.
… … …
Her interactions with the Pursuers had changed. Before she had been a floating ghost among them, ignored. Now, as she walked the halls she found more and more eyes meeting hers as she walked past. This filled her with a sense of pride and she pondered the feeling.  
Her face was still slightly sore, but there were no longer any bruises. It quickly healed, as did her aching muscles. One thing that did not pass, however, was her feeling of restlessness. Zanas resigned herself to a quick run, when she heard a loud knock at the door. She opened it to find Dressdon, Ressna, Tress and Fless standing outside.
“Come on little girl,” Tress said with a mocking grin.
 “We are going to town,” Fless finished. 
Zanas gazed at the two hulking bodies of the twins and then took in the bubbly excited Ressna in the background. Next to Ressna was the quiet, dark figure of Dressdon. Before she could shut her door, Maleek scooted past her and disappeared around the corner. Zanas was not quite sure where he went when he left her room, but Maleek usually returned with the smell of fresh blood on his hot breath, giving the mental images of running hard in the dark caves. Just as she had, Maleek had explored his new home, combing the dark corridors of its interior, always pushing forward.
Zanas shut her door and followed the crowd, as the brothers led the way. They traveled down the long passageways, down the steps, and to the entrance to the city. Just as she always was, Zanas was struck by the beauty of the golden, glittering city. The Ulwahi twinkled down on the city of rock. As she stared at the cave roof, her foot missed a step. She felt a strong arm reach out and grab her by the wrist, steadying her. Her newly green eyes widened in surprise as she took in the dark haired Pursuer. He smiled at her, his eyes soft.
“I know…” Dressdon paused. “It’s beauty to look at.” His emerald eyes stared into hers for a moment longer, and then he let go of her wrist, turning to follow the others. Her arm burned where he had touched her, as did her face. She was usually not so ungraceful. The streets were full of town people, their pastel colors crowding the space. Zanas was reminded of the pangerra flowers, as they opened in the night air of the wet forest.   
Ressna led the way and once again, Zanas found herself in the shabbier part of town. The streets were not so pristinely cleaned, the walls did not shine. Instead of pastel colors, the street was colored to ink, as Pursuers ambled from one building to another, the streets alive with their joking laughter. Walking towards the door of one of the buildings, Zanas noticed a girl dressed in sea blue, giggling in a flirtatious way as two Pursuers grinned at her with gleaming teeth.  
Zanas felt a flush of anger at the girl, who stood there like a naive child twirling her pretty blonde hair, her red lips pouting at something one of the boys had said. Her actions spoke of a girl of little substance, and of no courage, other than to attract boys of less desirous qualities. As far as her part of the town was concerned, at least. Zanas wondered if her parents knew where the empty-headed girl was.  
As they approached the trio, Zanas felt herself growling softly and she flashed her teeth in a soft hiss as they passed them. The girl’s eyes grew wide in fright, and she walked back a step. Zanas did not know where the feeling came from, but she felt angered that this blue dressed, soft willed creature had ventured to this area. She was surprised by the sudden hot flash of anger; she usually was not so controlled by her emotions. Zanas could hear the soft laughter of Dressdon behind her as they stepped through the entranceway of the building.
It was dark except for a large fire in the center of the structure. The space was covered with the bodies of Pursuers. Pastel colors mixed in with the moving dark mass of bodies, moving to the beating of drums that vibrated through the building. Zanas felt a soft buzz in her body as the song beat through her. The people around her were dancing in the flickering light of the fire, their bodies moving and turning to the beat of the drums.  
The twins evanesced into the crowd, and Ressna immediately moved into the center of the throng, bouncing her body to the beating of the music. Zanas took a moment to take in the room. The ceilings were void of light; no Ulwahi covered the dark walls. The air was filled with the moisture of the crowd of Pursuers moving with abandonment, their figures swaying gracefully with the pounding of the song. Zanas felt his hand on the small of her back and then he was leading her forward into the crowd.
She danced beside him, his hands on her hips. The crowd pressed inward until she felt as though she did not know where one body ended and another began. They seemed like the huge mass of one being, their arms and legs moving in unison, like the flowing of flowers in a field of rock. Dressdon’s arms tightened around her and Zanas let her hands rest on his chest, as the vibration surged though their feet.  
She did not recognize the people who crowded around her, and she saw no sign of the twins, or Ressna. Her body seemed to hum with the movement of the dance as she stared into Dressdon’s green eyes. Her heart was pounding with the exhilaration of the beat and the closeness of their bodies, his breath seeming to mix with hers, as they exhaled in frenzied gasps. Zanas felt his hands tightening around her waist once again and then he was bringing his lips to hers.
There was no anger in the moment, only the unison of their movements and the excitement of the experience. She met her lips to his and at that moment there was no one else in the room, only their two bodies merged as one, their lips entwined.
Zanas felt a tug on her shoulder and they pulled apart. Her breath was coming in gasps and she felt as though her heart would explode in her chest. She turned her eyes to meet the face of Ressna, whose effervescent eyes danced with the blaze of the fire. 
“We found a table in the back and some Klahmai,” she said grinning, and then shrugged her shoulders. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt,” she called over the noise of the crowded room.
 Zanas turned her eyes to a laughing Dressdon who pushed her softly forward towards the retreating Ressna. He kept his hand lightly on her back as they came to a dark table at the far end of the room. The twins were already seated, two cups of a glowing drink in their hands. Zanas heard the soft purr of his voice in her ears.
“Klahmai,” he explained, “kind of like Klah, but not made by the Dreamers. You could call it a more street version,” he said with a grin and a wink. “We brew it differently and it has a richer taste. The Dreamers don’t particularly endorse it, and we don’t particularly care,” he finished, his teeth gleaming at her. She was momentarily mesmerized by the soft flesh of his lips and the memory of her lips meeting them. He seemed to read her mind and his eyes began to dance with amusement. Zanas felt the skin of her cheeks radiating with embarrassment.
A cup was placed in her hands, bringing her back to the group, and she turned her eyes to them. She noticed the twins pass a surprised look as Ressna began to talk boisterously to them, her charismatic chatter filling the group with a lively energy. Zanas found herself laughing along with them, being filled with happy abandonment.  
She sipped the Klahmai. Dressdon had been right when he expressed the difference in the taste. The Klahmai had a robust nutty flavor that she found very tasty. The music continued around them and Zanas found herself watching the dancers at the center of the stone building. They were all young looking, early or late teens. But this seemed to be the case the majority of the time; Zanas had never seen an old Pursuer.   
The Klahmai began to warm her stomach, the flicker of the fire casting glittery shadows on the people in the room. The room began to dance slightly, heaving in and out, as if the room itself was breathing. Through the thumping of the drumbeats, she could almost hear a soft chanting, almost make out the words. She reached out a hand, trying to grasp a tangible hold, and a tight grip on her wrist snapped her back into reality.
Dressdon held tightly as Ressna stared at her with wide eyes. The twins had left to dance, and they were the only three left at the shadowy table.
“Whoa… you okay?” Dressdon asked. Ressna continued staring at her with shock in her eyes.
“You looked just like a Dreamer,” Ressna stammered. “I’ve seen them before in their trances, or whatever it is they do,” she said giving a little shudder. Zanas laughed a little nervously.
“My sisters a Dreamer,” she found herself revealing. She had not planned to share this with them, but perhaps the Klahmai also loosened the tongue.
“I didn’t know you had a sister,” Dressdon said. Zanas turned and looked at his face and he watched her for a moment, his eyes narrowed. “Twin sister…” he proclaimed. Zanas felt her eyes widening in shock.
“Oh great, more creepiness. I hate it when you do that Dressdon. Don’t mind him Zanas,” Ressna said, rolling her eyes. “Come on, enough seriousness, let’s go dance!” the girl said flinging her arms widely, taking one last long swallow of her drink, and then bouncing across the floor.  
“Do you want me to take you home?” he asked. 
Zanas realized that she felt pretty disorientated, her head beginning to pound. She nodded her head in agreement, and he pulled her up from the table, his arm wrapped tightly around her shoulder. He steered her through the crowded floor and out into the cool air of the city.  
The streets were empty, only a few people moving here or there. Their boots echoed, softly crunching, as they walked down the stone streets. The cool air and the quiet seemed to sooth Zanas’s headache and she began to feel better. She noticed the street that they were traveling down, she recognized it from her venture with Ressna.
“Isn’t the line shop around here?” she asked. He began to laugh.
“It sure is. Just down a little further. Do you want to go in? They’re open late,” he said. Zanas felt herself nodding, and a few steps later, they were entering the shop.  
The building was mostly empty, only a few booths occupied with Pursuer customers. She did not see the girl she had met the last time she had been here. Instead, a young man stepped forward, his face dark with the outline of tattoos.
“Do you want me to continue your line?” he asked. Zanas shook her head.
“No. I was hoping to get something more personal,” she explained and the man began to grin with understanding.
“Sure, come and have a seat,” he said, waving her over to an empty booth. Zanas sat down and pulled her braid aside.
“I would like it here on my neck,” she said pointing to the spot with her finger.
“What would you like?” he asked.
“An eye,” Zanas replied. She heard a soft intake of breath from Dressdon.
“The Dreamer sign,” the man said with a thoughtful look, nodding his head and gathering his tools. He was dexterous with his hands and the tattoo was quickly completed. Zanas stared at the smooth metal surface, her face reflected back at her. She liked the way her lines had begun to define her face. The addition of the beautiful open blue eye at her neck seemed only to add to the mysterious woman she was becoming.
“I like it,” Dressdon commented, flashing a crooked smile. Zanas smiled back at him. When she stood up, she began to feel lightheaded again, and was comforted by the warm arm of Dressdon, as he placed it around her.
“Come on. Let’s get you home,” he said laughing. “Before I end up having to carry you. I forgot to mention the Klahmai is much stronger than Klah.”  
The thought of him carrying her in his arms made her heart begin to pound, and she held tightly to the arm wrapped around her. They walked out the door and back into the crooked streets of the city.
They said nothing as they walked. Zanas felt comfortable in the silence and tried hard not to psychoanalyze her current situation. She was, after all, walking through the streets of the quiet city wrapped in the arms of a young man. A young man who had the uncanny ability to infuriate her, as well as enflame her soul. She listened to his soft breath, and once again, was reminded of the fiery kiss on the dark dance floor.
She was unhappy when they finally reached her room. She pushed open the door, the quiet reminding her that Maleek was still gone. Her heart began to pound, wildly excited, as he pulled her into his arms and brought his lips to hers once again. She felt her body mold against his, their hearts pounding in unison, until just as suddenly he let her go. Giving her one last amused look, he turned and left. She tried to capture her breath as she shut the door, the taste of him still on her mouth.


Chapter 14- Crimson Bath

Zanas’s head was still pounding when she awoke the next morning. The images of the night’s escapades flowed through her memory. She heard the slight scratch at the door and groggily pulled herself out of bed, opening the door for Maleek, the animal flashing her images of a full stomach before curling up beside the dying embers of the fire.  
Her team was scheduled to hunt and Zanas hurriedly got dressed. She paused by the giant body of Maleek, mentally asking him if he wanted to join, and was promptly flooded with images of a nice warm bed. Zanas watched as he hopped up, burrowing himself into the heavy furs. Before she stepped out of the door, she picked up her bow and quiver.
Maleek let out one final grumble as she pushed the door closed; she doubted he would stir before she returned. The cool air of the darkened hallways brought a chill to her skin. Zanas had left her cloak behind; it was too cumbersome for full pursuit, besides, she knew that once they got going she would warm up. The long corridors soothed her as she traveled down their bones. She never knew that living deep inside the earth could be so wonderful.
She entered the cave she had quickly come to know, where they always met before a hunt. Zanas was surprised to find the cave empty except for the lone figure of Dressdon. He said nothing to her as she walked towards him. She was a mixture of conflicting emotions, and yearned for the understanding ears of her sister. Asenya would have been able to decipher the relationship that had been developing between them. Her heart began to pound once again as he stared at her, no trace of his mocking demeanor, simply a thoughtful look. She heard the sound of the others entering the cave and then they were running through the deep channels.
Zanas felt confused by his reaction. She didn’t expect a repeat of last night’s performance, but anything would have been welcomed to his unemotional reaction. She heard Ressna breathing next to her as they ran. The girl seemed rather pale to Zanas and she wondered how late she had stayed out. Zanas still felt a little slightly out of sorts herself, although something told her that it was not the Klahmai, but the premonition that caused it.
She knew exactly what Ressna had meant when she described her as a Dreamer. Zanas had seen that very look many times in the eyes of her sister. She had never had one herself, although in reality she had never tried to. Not that last night’s occurrence had been on purpose. There was just something about the Klahmai, mixed with the repetitious beating of the drums that sent her into a dreamlike state. Zanas rarely ever let her guard down, but last night she had been unable to put it up. She could not help but wonder at the experience, as she had been led to understand that only the Dreamer’s had premonitions. The memory of walking up the long corridor in the pledge house returned, and she felt the indecision to choose Pursuer or Dreamer. And she once again felt the relief at the choosing of Pursuer.
She shook her weary feelings away and concentrated on matching her team’s steps.  
Desstina had reappeared. Zanas had found no trace of the fight, and was surprised when the girl showed no animosity towards her when they finally stopped for a moment to rest. She met the eyes of Zanas, reflecting in a strange way, the same unemotional look that Zanas had received from Dressdon. It was almost as if they were waiting to come towards some sort of conclusion, what that was, Zanas did not know.  
Their plan was to travel deep within the interior. So deep that this would be the first time Zanas had ventured this far. She began to notice a slight sloping of the path ahead of her. Zanas could hear the soft dripping of the moisture created by the pressure of the beneath. Their path ended in a dark pit, stretching into blackness. Even with her mutated eyes, Zanas had a hard time making out the shadowy outlines of a cliff. There would be no canyon of water below.
Dressdon descended first turning and facing his team as he began the long descent down. She expected him to meet her yes, she waited for it, but he never looked her way. Zanas felt angry with herself for a moment. Now was not the time to be thinking this. She was perched precariously on a deep gaping crevice, miles beneath the surface. But for some reason this thought brought her no fear, instead she felt a surge of energy, as she passed the others and began the climb down.
She felt her way over the hard surface of the rock cliff, moving her hands to find good holds, sliding her feet along the edges. There was something very personal about the long decent down, with her face pressed closely to the walls. The dark blocked out everything around her, the only thing that existed was her and the dark body of the cliff. Her muscles stretched and tightened as she lithely balanced her body and moved further and further down.  
Zanas reached out her foot, and was surprised to find solid surface. She looked down focusing her vibrant eyes and made out the dark outline of the surface floor, as well as the shadowy figure of Dressdon. He reached out a hand and helped her down the last few feet of the wall. For a moment his hand held hers, his other hand rested lightly on her waist, and then only the warm feeling of her shirt remained of where his hand had been. Zanas heard the shuffling of the rest of her team, and before long, they were all standing at the bottom of the long drop.  
“There are numerous entrances in the wall behind us into a deep underground lake. The chambers are home to an aquatic animal. The meat is soft and delicate and the fat we use to supply the torches in our hold. We are all required to take our turn hunting on the grounds. The way is long, and can be treacherous, but we all hunt for our clan,” Zanas found herself responding as the others did without thinking.
“We all hunt for our clan,” she said with exhilaration. She thought she saw the shine of his teeth as he grinned at her in the darkness. They disappeared one by one into the openings in the cliff wall, and Zanas walked forward and entered. 
She walked down the long passageway, the quiet of the dark echoing in her ears. She noticed a brighter quality to the shadows, as light reached the inner core of the walkway from the glowing body of water that lay ahead.  
She stepped into the cavity. The chamber was enormous, with dozens of pools, brimming with sparkling yellow liquid. Narrow paths zigzagged, crossing and bordering the water, with large stalagmites reaching towards the ceiling.  
Zanas had found her destination, but what she was hunting was another matter. It had become clear that the Pursuers were a clan of little words. Nothing was ever fully explained and she had begun to wonder if part of the reason why was to see how she would adapt.  
Zanas climbed up a calcareous hill that rose above her and took a more heightened view of her surroundings. She could see deep into the vibrant water, moving with a hidden current, splashing delicately against the shorelines. There seemed to be a sandy bottom under the glowing water, but Zanas could not be sure without stepping into the liquid, and this was not something she was considering. Something about the tantalizing water gave her arms goose bumps.  
Pulling her bow from her back, she quickly notched an arrow, her eyes scanning around her. A splash towards the back of the cave was followed by a soft curse. Zanas began to make her way across the narrow bridges that bordered the pools.
Following the direction of the sound, she moved gracefully across the treacherous pathways. The calcium created hills were sharp and hard; one fall would mean spilled blood or worse, depending on what dwelled in those yellow waters. She maneuvered her way around a large round stalagmite that reached towards the ceiling, reminding Zanas of a large column in this kingdom beneath the earth. Hugging the structure with her arms, she carefully scooted around it, avoiding the water that lay so very close to its edge.  
When Zanas found her balance, she looked in the direction she had heard the noise and saw soft golden curls. Desstina was crouched down examining her leg, totally oblivious to being watched. Zanas picked her way carefully over her path, getting closer to the girl. A small pebble fell lightly into the water, and Desstina looked up, alarming Zanas.
Desstina brought her finger to her lips in a quieting motion, her other hand cradling a cut on her leg. But that’s not what alarmed Zanas; it was the glimmering look of finality in Desstina’s eyes. Zanas heard a soft rustling in the water. Desstina looked passed her towards the sound, pulling back her lips and baring her teeth like an injured animal, enraged. 
“They are attracted to the blood,” she hissed. Zanas tensed her arm, pulling her bow taught and faced the creatures.
The first thing that she saw was the beady black eyes floating towards her in twos along the water. There were a dozen or so, swimming in circles, something swift and lethal about their movements. They reminded Zanas of otters, although she had never seen any so big. The first of the creatures reached the bank, exposing the sharp gleaming teeth of a predator. A soft clicking began to echo through the chamber, as though the creatures were communicating with each other. There was a slight shake of her arrow as a surge of adrenaline rushed through her body and her vision colored red. A reverberating growl escaped her lips, a moment later answered by Desstina.
It’s going to be a blood bath…
Zanas let her first arrow fly and it landed in the center of one of the shimmering beasts. It let out a cry so high a pitch, Zanas was almost tempted to drop her bow and cover her ears; instead, she pulled out another arrow and began to string her bow. She heard the air beside her hiss as a second arrow flew into the mass of approaching beasts and fatally wounded another. The cavern echoed, the screaming churning and bursting in the air.
They let loose four more arrows as the creatures approached, each striking true. Zanas’s ears were burning, and a pounding was beginning in her head, as the endless screaming of the creatures continued. The yellow waters were no longer calm. They churned with the dying spasms of the beasts and the anger of the one’s remaining. She glanced down at Desstina, who was still down on the ground. There was a small pool of blood below her leg, and the girl’s face was starting to pale. Zanas watched as Desstina dropped her bow to the ground and pulled out her knife, and Zanas did the same, turning once again to face the remaining force that was advancing onto the shore.
They crawled out onto the rocky beach, their sharp claws clicking on the hard surface. Their legs were short but muscular. Zanas had no doubt that they could move quickly across land, their mighty claws used as traction. Thinking further, Zanas had suspicions that those claws also allowed them to climb. They would have no option but to face them, and let the chips fall where they may, as the screaming raged on.
With one swift motion Zanas leaped at the closest, bringing her knife once and then twice against the animal’s side. It raged in pain, bringing a sharp claw across her arm. She answered the beast with a scream of her own and plunged the blade of the knife deep into its chest. Zanas felt the hot drain of blood on her wrist and then the dead weight of it against her. Heaving it off, she sprang to her feet and faced her next opponent.  
Two of the remaining three of them approached her. The first one lunged at the last moment, knocking her to the ground. The second beast landed atop its companion and the beast screamed directly in Zanas’s ear, its rank breath bearing down on her. She was momentarily stunned, her vision turning white, as a ringing vibrated her ears. The pain of sharp nails piercing her shoulder brought her back to consciousness.
The knife was still in her hands. Zanas plunged the blade and sliced up the animal’s stomach, kicking its dying body away from her. She rolled quickly stabbing her blade in the air once again as she brought it across the second beast’s neck. The screaming was suddenly silenced, the ringing still echoing violently in her ears. Zanas heard a scream from behind her and turned to see the last animal atop Desstina, pinning the blonde girl down with a mighty paw, its claws digging into her throat. She could hear the strangling gasps of the Desstina and smell her blood in the air.  
Zanas inhaled deeply, pulling herself together. At any moment the beast could snap its paw shut with a mighty force and kill Desstina, Zanas had only seconds to react. She leapt forward, stabbing the beast in its center, towards the rapid beating of the heart that filled her ears. It missed a step, and then failed altogether, the animal collapsing next to Desstina. 
Desstina was still, the gashes along her neck spilled drops of blood. She simply stared until Zanas began to think the girl was in shock. Then Desstina let out a long breath and her eyes focused on Zanas’s. There was nothing but silence and the dripping of the moist cave. They were surrounded by black bodies lying along the bank and floating in the water. Desstina reached out a hand and laid it on Zanas’s shoulder, gripping her tightly.
“Thank you… clan member,” her blonde curls bounced as she whispered, the tips of her golden ringlets colored red.  


Chapter 15- Her

He was surprised when they had found them. She met him at the entrance to the cave, her face and body splattered in red. Her stunning green eyes were alive with energy; reminding him of a feral creature protecting her young. Her long black braid hanging over her shoulders, rising and falling as she gasped in breath. She had never looked wilder in his eyes. She had never looked more beautiful.  
She led them back to Desstina. He glanced over the girl’s wounds noticing the deep bloody gashes on her first; he dismissed them as gory yet superficial. Scanning further, he noticed another gash on the Desstina’s leg that seemed to be the more immediate problem. The wound was bleeding heavily, draining the girl of life flowing energy. Ripping his shirt, he tied the wound tightly closed.  
Bodies lay everywhere, floating and bobbing in the water. He quietly instructed the Pursuers to pull them ashore. Turning to Fless, he gestured towards the entrance.
“I need you to run back to the hold, gather the sling and rouse enough Pursuers to help carry the meat. Meet us at the top of the gorge.” Fless nodded, immediately turning and running over the winding pathways.   
Dressdon walked in the glowing yellow water, towards the cloudy swirls of crimson that colored the center. Grabbing the slick skin of one of the beasts, he dragged it ashore. He sliced the center of the animal open, spilling its entrails on the stone beach; the rocky white shores were soon stained red.
He once again started feeling that overwhelming sensation of amazement when it came to the dark haired exotic girl. It was obvious she had killed most of the beasts; Desstina had been too incapacitated to be of much use. Harven were hard to kill on their own, which was how Pursuers usually engaged them. When Desstina cut open her leg, spilling her blood into the yellow waters, she sent all the harven in the immediate area into a frenzied need to feed.
Many harven were dead, but many more lurked deeper in the chambers. They would be in serious trouble if the full strength of the creatures was aroused. This is what he needed to be thinking, this is what he needed to be getting his team out of. Not thinking about the black haired beauty that had stepped into his midst.  
Even though he knew this, he still found his eyes drawn to her, her long form moving gracefully. He loved the way her body tensed when she sliced her blade through the air, her green eyes intense. He was reminded of the night in the city when he held her close and kissed her lips. Dressdon shook his head pulling himself to the task at hand.
There was no time for romance right now. The deadliest of games was still ahead…


Chapter 16- Raging 

They were taken to the medical center of the hold were a woman immediately set to work stitching the wound closed on Desstina’s leg. Zanas let out a hiss as a burning salve was placed on the gashes on her shoulder, the woman explaining a scratch from the harven was poisonous. Her vision began to blur and her speech became slurred, so Zanas was inclined to agree with her. The dark blue liquid the nurse placed in her hands, slid down her throat like ice. She felt tired as she was led to a bed and it felt wonderful to lay her head down, her eyes so heavy.   
She awoke disorientated in the cold stone walls of the room. A movement in the corner of her eye drew her attention, and she turned to find Desstina. The blonde girl was lying in the bed next to her, her thin neck wrapped tightly in a bandage. Desstina’s face had begun to bruise, and it looked as though she was developing a black eye. Her cold green eyes stared at Zanas. Zanas was hit with a burning in her toes and fingers and she began to run her hands together furiously.
“It’s the last bit of poison,” Desstina said. There was a melodious quality to her voice that Zanas had never heard before. Or perhaps it had always been there, but the anger that the girl usually showed was so overwhelming. “Harven are deadly creatures, you cannot stop them once they have been frenzied, and your only option is to kill them all… or be eaten,” the girl said with a wicked grin, her doll face lighting up. She looked down at her hands, her face growing serious.
“It’s quite obvious you were meant to be a Pursuer,” she began, “It doesn’t matter if you came from above. You’re not going anywhere, this is… where…. you… belong.” The girl struggled slightly getting out the words. She lifted up her eyes and once again looked at Zanas. “You are on my team… and I should have treated you like you were. Regardless of him,” she said with a whisper, so quietly that Zanas had to strain to hear it. Desstina gave Zanas one last look, and then she closed her eyes, settling into the furs.  
Zanas could tell by the change in her breathing that Desstina had fallen asleep. She thought about what Desstina had said, as she stared across the room at the blonde’s still form. Desstina looked so small and vulnerable, her pale flesh even more so, except now the tone verged on a sickly grey. She was a slight girl, whose extraordinary strength and agility was surprising. It might be easy to overlook her underlying emotions, but the girl felt, and she felt deeply. 
Her body was still a little shaky, but she felt fine when she sat for a moment on the end of the bed. She tested her feet on the floor, waiting for sudden pain or dizziness. When she felt none she placed her full weight on her feet and stood up. No one had told her how long she needed to stay, and she felt well enough to rest in her own room.
She started down the long hallways with determination that soon faded to exhaustion. It seemed as if the long shadowy corridors went on forever, and she began to forget the way in confusion. Had she just turned? Which hallway was she in? Her hands held heavy to the smooth rock walls, her legs growing shaky. She almost cried in desperation.
Two arms lifted her up like she weighed nothing, and Zanas let out small sigh of relief as he held her in his arms, and she rested her head against his shoulder. She heard his soft laughter in her delirium.
“Only you would try and wander the halls full of harven poison. Tell me, Zanas…” She felt a soft shiver has he hummed her name. “Where are you heading?” Zanas did not believe that he expected her to answer, nor would she have been able to if he had. Her vision started to turn hazy as the venom worked through her again with relish.
The soft creek of a door drew her attention and she opened her heavy eyes to see her door pass blurrily by vision, and then she was lying in her bed, deep in the furs. She could hear him poking at the fireplace, and the warm glow of the roaring fire bathed her skin. Zanas opened her eyes with a struggle one last time and his bright eyes stared into hers. Her eyes finally collapsed closed and she was unable to reopen them. Her consciousness fading, Zanas felt reality begin to slip away. She thought she felt a soft touch of his lips to hers and then the deep growl of Maleek.
She’s mine…
... ... ...
The hall was filled with the voices of Pursuers as Zanas ate her meal. She could hear the laughter of the twins as Desstina teased them. The atmosphere of the team had changed from tension filled, to jubilant. Zanas had become a part of the group, the others listening when she chose to enter a conversation. The relationship between her and Desstina had continued to improve, and she found herself more and more drawn to the girl, who seemed to be caught in a dark brooding at times.
Dressdon continued to treat her with a separated coldness that infuriated Zanas. As her days went on in the clan, she began to notice the way the female population regarded Dressdon. It was clear that many of the women knew him on a more personal basis, although he didn’t seem to give any of them a second glance. Just like Desstina, he was prone to a moodiness that seemed to cause him to withdraw from those around him. He was always on guard and seemed to hold himself apart, always watching. He thought very deeply about what went on around him, but he never seemed to voice his observations.
Maleek butted her hand with his nose and she absentmindedly handed him a piece of meat. He seemed dissatisfied with her attention and stalked over to Desstina. The blonde stroked his wiry coat, and he purred slightly when the girl placed a large morsel of meat into his mouth. He seemed to almost smile as he chewed the piece, one eye slightly half closed. Zanas found herself jealous. Maleek had formed an attachment to Desstina. Far more than the friendly attitude he had with Ressna. He seemed to enjoy Ressna’s company, mainly because she always brought him something to fill his belly. 
With Desstina, however, he seemed to seek out the small-framed blonde, overshadowing her presence; one hunter engrossed in another. Zanas growled to herself. Maleek is won over by anything that will feed him…she fumed. She was mocked by the soft, amused chuckle of Dressdon.
Her eyes flew angrily up to his. His calm exterior drove her into rage as she glared at him. As usual, all this did was seem to amuse him further, which in turn angered her more. She gathered her plate and stood up quickly, leaving the group. She was at a loss as to what the relationship between her and Dressdon was. He made her so angry, but the few times that he had let his guard down had captivated her like nothing else.  
On the long walk back to her room, she tried to calm her nerves. It had been nearly a week since the long journey down into the harven lair. Two of her first days were spent reviving from the poison. Ressna had patiently waited on her, bringing her food and news. By the third day, she had returned to hunting with her team, nothing ever said between her and Dressdon. He spoke to her of useful things, as a team leader should, but nothing further.
Her room was oddly quiet with the absence of Maleek. She opened the shutters wide letting the soft glow of the Ulwahi sparkle down into her room. The town seemed to be full of activity, a tranquil swirling of colors. Her solace was quickly interrupted by the knock she had come to recognize as belonging to Ressna. Without an invitation, the door was pushed open. The fierce anger flowed through her once again.
“You shouldn’t just walk in whenever you want to,” she said with a low growl. Her hands began to shake and her vision turned a hazy red.
“Oh stop pouting over your beast liking me better,” a soft voice teased.  
Zanas turned around to see behind the wide-eyed Ressna, to a smiling Desstina. Maleek strolled lazily in last, immediately moving over to the bed and making himself at home. To her surprise, Desstina followed the animal, using Maleek as a giant pillow. Her hands began to settle, and her vision returned to normal.
“You look like someone who is changing too quick,” Desstina said examining her nails and pouting her lips. “Not good, don’t go all crazy, you’ll be very embarrassed when your hormones stabilize. Take it easy killer,” she finished, and then she looked over at Ressna and frowned. “And you, stop looking like your Ma just died, and besides you are kind of rude. I’m sure she could have said worse,” Desstina finished, an innocent look across her face. Zanas found herself chocking at the boldness of the girl, it was clear Desstina was thoroughly enjoying herself.
“So what’s your issue?” Desstina continued turning her face slightly, staring at Zanas. “It’s because of him isn’t it?” Desstina asked.  
“Desstina…” Ressna interrupted trying to steer clear of the subject, but Desstina waved her hands and made a shushing sound.
“Oh come on,” Desstina hissed, her pert nose wrinkling in annoyance. “The boys told me about the dance floor,” Desstina bumbled on. “And now he doesn’t even come near you. Why would he do that? He hasn’t seemed to want to be around you at all. But then again, maybe he just doesn’t want to cloud the last test…” Desstina finished.
“Desstina!” Ressna exclaimed staring back towards the open door and out towards the hallway. “You know it’s against the laws to speak of the tests!”
“Blah, blah,” Desstina said with a small wave of her wrist. “I haven’t said anything.” 
“Why are you telling me this?” Zanas asked.
“It’s in my nature,” Desstina said shrugging. 
If anyone else had said this, Zanas would have been angered. But coming from the petite blonde girl it was perfect. Desstina may have stopped hating Zanas, but that didn’t mean that Zanas was going to be treated differently than any other member of the team. Desstina could be an overpowering personality who liked the thought of prey a little too much. However, that may have been the part of her that Zanas liked the most. She grinned at the blonde girl.
“Well it’s in my nature to keep my personal thoughts to myself,” Zanas replied. 
Desstina laughed, hopping off the bed, running her hands through Maleek’s fur once more before turning to Zanas. “There’s a gathering tonight in the arena room. They’ve cleared the ring for drummers. You should come,” Desstina said with a final smile and walked towards the door, a soft candy smell flowing through the air as she stirred it. “Come on Ressna,” she demanded. Zanas found herself laughing to herself at the way Ressna jumped to attention. The poor girl was getting far too much attention from the blonde pixie.
“I’ll see you later,” Ressna called to her. The two girls were quickly gone.  
… … …
Zanas enjoyed a long soak in the bathing pool. To her annoyance, Maleek insisted on following her and then proceeded to soak himself in the pool beside her. He clouded the water for a moment until the swift underground current worked its magic. Zanas reached over to the jar that lay beside the pool and emptied the bath salts into the churning water, the air quickly changing from wet dog, to a light flowery smell. She glanced over at Maleek who stared back at her with an open panting mouth, his tongue hanging to one side, and what truly looked like a big grin plastered across his face.
“You should put some of these in your mouth, perhaps your breath will smell better,” she said her eyes narrowed. Zanas knew that it was silly, but she still felt a little resentment towards the beast. She had thought originally that his friendliness towards her was unique, but apparently, he made quick relationships with anyone. Maleek began to growl as though he could hear what she was thinking, and didn’t like what he heard. She caught feelings of adoration radiating from him. Realizing how silly she was being, she began scratching Maleek behind the ears, sending out soothing images.
What was wrong with her? She had never been so overcome with whimsical emotions before. Zanas remembered what Desstina had said. Her body was changing; she guessed that it would be plausible that her hormones were changing as well. She hoped that she did not turn into some fight-ready bully. But she doubted that. All her changes were, in reality, just extensions of qualities that she already possessed. She just had to be patient, and stability would return.
Back in her room, she dressed and for once left her hair loose. The soft black expanse curled down her back and halfway down her legs. The sight of the hair gleaming by the fire reminded her of her sister, the ache in her chest began throbbing. She missed Asenya. Once again, she comforted herself with the thought that she would see her again. It was just a little longer now…
A charred piece of wood caught her attention as it lay be the fire. Leaning down, she picked it up, turning it in her fingers, the tip leaving a dark smudge. She brought the black tip to her eyes, darkening the edges. Her sister was here, flowing in the long curls of her hair and looking through the black smudged eyes.
As she left, Maleek rushed passed her, his thick fur brushing against her legs. He flashed her images of dirt, and that he was unhappy. He was entirely too clean and planned to remedy it.
Zanas could hear the steady beating of the drums from the floor before she started up the staircase. When she got closer to the fourth floor door, she began to hear the haunting melody of a voice, moving eerily with the beating of the drums. She emerged into the rec floor, the hallways crowded with swaying bodies moving from one spot to another. As she walked down the hall, her body unwittingly moved with the beat.
The room was thick with Pursuers. No pastel colors floated through the mass here. They crowded out the roaring light of the huge fire at the center of the room, their bodies just shadows in the dark. Zanas could see the drummers and a tall black clothed woman singing at the far end, her eyes closed, her red lips parted in a cry. The flashing green eyes of hunters sparkled from every corner of the room.  
Not thinking, just reacting, Zanas made her way into the crowd. She closed her eyes swaying her body to the beating of the drums, the woman’s voice sending chills through her. She felt hands on her and she opened her eyes to the glow of a dark Pursuer. His eyes seemed to flicker as he gave her a sleazy smile. Zanas normally would have been repelled by the bold Pursuer, but the same hormones that inflamed her fury also inflamed her passion. She danced with him, moving her body with his, and then turned to dance with another muscular Pursuer that danced towards her left. He reached out a hand, placing it on her waist and pulling her close in an aggressive manner growling in her ear.  
Zanas did not know what had taken over her. She felt as though her sister was shining through her, in the seductive way she moved. Just as before it was as if the crowd of bodies were one, dancing to the pounding of the music. But unlike the hall, she now danced with a growling crowd of hungry-eyed male Pursuers. She felt another arm grab her roughly from behind and she twirled around to face Dressdon.  
His eyes burned more passionately than all the other prowling Pursuers. He pulled her close bringing his mouth to her ear. She could hear a low growl vibrating in his throat. He tightened his hand on the small of her back, bringing his lips close to her neck, his teeth gleaming. Zanas could feel the raging beating of his heart and the sharp pressure of his teeth. It seemed, for a moment, that he would close his mouth on the soft skin of her throat and taste her flesh.
She was dragged back to reality by Dressdon pulling her through the crowded dance floor and out into the hallway.
“Go to your room, girl,” he growled. “You’re oozing pheromones and sending all the male Pursuers with a pulse into frenzy. It’s hard enough for a real man to resist your charms, let alone young and inexperienced, testosterone filled boys. Go home before you do some damage.”
She felt that hot anger overcoming her again and she pushed out her arm to shove him. He anticipated the movement and reached out, snatching her hand in the air and pushing her up against the cold stone wall of the hallway.  
“Go home,” he growled, letting her go and returning to the hall. 
Zanas felt her cheeks burning, infuriated with his petulance. She sighed realizing that he was right, and turned to walk down the torch lit hallway, when she saw another pair of eyes watching her.
She recognized the young face of the boy she had met the first time she ran the course. His face was pale as if he looked at a ghost. Zanas took a step forward to ask him if he was okay, when he turned, and disappeared into the crowd.


Chapter 17- Reunion

Zanas paced the square shape of her room, restless. She had expected the crazed emotions that she felt to pass quickly, but days went on and still the unease continued. Her blood burned within her and she craved action. Her team members found her waiting for them impatiently each time they began a hunt, and she overfilled her quota on meat. But still the burning raged within her.
Her pacing continued, her bare feet scratching across the glossy stone floor. Her hair was in a loose mess, her eyes wild and dilated. Maleek had been staying clear of her, roaming the deep corridors of the earth.
Zanas was usually the quiet reserved one. Her sister was the bold charismatic one. Nevertheless, something flowed through her veins that made her love the wild craziness of it. Something stirred in her that had remained dormant and quiet for far too long, something yearning to be wild and free, with no reservations.  
Finally, she could stand it no longer, she needed to get out. She combed her hands through her hair, letting free the knots that had developed. It still fell in a loose wave, so long in a braid that it naturally curled to the dimensions. Her eyes were still smudged with a dark shadow. Zanas left the door slightly ajar as she left, not knowing when Maleek would return, or how long she would be gone.
Stalking the long corridor of the third floor, she caught glimpses in the rooms of other Pursuers, their belongings coloring the white walls. Zanas passed other wanderers, meeting their eyes for a moment, each so unique and yet exotic in the same way. She was reminded of Maleek’s mother, a sleek huntress who yearned to hunt alone. Pursuers were a solitary bunch when not hunting in their teams. They seemed to gather willingly only for fights and dancing. The glimmering eyes of Pursuers followed her in the hallways, or turned to look at her as she passed by their doors.
Zanas exited the door and walked up the final flight to the fourth floor, the high roof the chamber was covered in Ulwahi. Looking back, she could barely make out the bottom, the entrance to the stone city.
She made it to the final floor, walking to the large door that opened up to the fourth level. The floor was quieter than Zanas had seen it. The hallway, which wound in between the large rooms that lined it on either side, was silent and empty. She passed the fighting hall and noticed a few Pursuers seated, talking quietly among themselves, lines glowing softly in the darkened shadows.
Zanas passed by the waiting room to the course, noticing a group of Pursuers, pulling arrows from their bodies. One of them had a dark red stain where an arrow had pierced his thigh. A female team member grabbed hold of the arrow, pulling it out with a mighty yank. The girl lifted her eyes to Zanas’s, her eyes flashing a brilliant green, as Zanas continued on. 
There was a strange pulling on her, as if a rope were attached to her stomach, leading her toward an unknown source. Zanas didn’t question it, just accepted it, and walked on. She came to end of the game rooms; the last one was a high cavern for climbing, and beyond lay the secret entranceway to the above. 
But, she was not being led to the above. She was being led to the young Pursuer boy who stood in front of her, disconnecting himself from a rope, his skin was dusty, scratches on his face and shoulders. Zanas came to a stop in front of him and he dropped the rope to the ground, his eyes to her. 
“Oh,” he said letting out a small gasp, his face turning pale. He tried to swallow, reminding Zanas of a fish out of water, gulping in a desperate attempt at speech. She gave him no time to recover, instead she grabbed him by the arm and half led, half dragged him out into the hallway. She could hear the whooping jeers from his team; they misunderstood why she wanted him.
“Way to go Jesster!” one of his teammates hollered, laughing.
Out in the dead-end hallway Zanas shoved the boy against the wall, her hand closing on his throat. He stared at her, his eyes aglow with fear. Strength flowed through her, and she felt as though she could crush his throat if she chose to. Squeezing just a little harder, she watched as he began to thrash slightly. The hallway took on a red hue and she heard the purring growl that escaped her lips. Her teeth began to burn as they extended and she lowered her mouth to his throat. She could almost feel his flesh against her lips; taste his blood in her mouth…
“Please… I can take you to your sister,” he gasped out. Zanas felt her hands go slack and her legs began to shake. Dropping to her knees, she closed her eyes, fighting the roar in her ears. She felt the boys hand on her shoulder.
“Are you all right?” he asked tentatively. Zanas felt a surge of fury at his touch and she looked up at him growling. “Wooah...” he said his eyes looking concerned. “ You got it bad, maybe now is not the time to be wandering the halls…” 
Her reply was more of a howl than words. “No! You will take me now,” she said slowing her breathing and gathering her control. It took all of her might, but she was able to fight off the aching urge to squeeze the life out of him. 
“Okay, okay, I’ll take you,” he said in a slight whisper, darting one last weary look toward the opening of the climbing wall. None of his team had noticed anything amiss. They were still meandering around, checking equipment, and climbing up high on the walls. He sighed slightly, and then turned back towards the main hallway, leading the way at a fast pace.
They said nothing as they walked. Zanas was in no mood to be social and the boy seemed to be at a loss for words. He led her to the long winding staircase, the air becoming cooler as they stepped farther and farther down the stone steps. Jesster led her to the tunnel that she recognized from the first time she had entered the Pursuer hold.
“We can go in through the pledge hall. They don’t really bother with guards, there is no need to. Nobody ever wants to go to the Dreamer hold…” he said with a weary glance at her. “We didn’t hurt her you know… we made her come, but we didn’t hurt her.” He glanced at her again and then cast his eyes down.  
She had always known that it had been the Pursuers that had taken her sister. They were the only clan that dealt with the mysterious Dreamers, the only ones that would go topside to capture a valuable prize for them. Zanas was surprised when she felt comfort at his words, although deep down inside, she had already known it to be true, she always knew when her sister was hurt. Once when Zanas had been little, she had fallen to the ground screaming at the pain in her arm. Her mother had been terrified and called their father, only to find out that he was rushing Asenya to the hospital. She had fallen and broken her arm.
They traveled down the dark musky corridor until they came to the final cave that held the pledge entrances. Each one seemed like a gaping open mouth. He chose the tunnel on the far left, which meant the middle tunnel was the entrance to the Alchemist’s hold. She knew very little of their clan, they lived a life of solitude, locked in their stone holds, exploring the mysteries of the body. They hungered for knowledge, she had heard whispers of experiments that were being conducted, but Zanas knew nothing further.
She could tell immediately that this tunnel had a sharp downward slope. The Dreamer hold was deep within the surface. They started to run, Zanas slowing down slightly for the young man. Jesster seemed to have gotten over the majority of his fear, but Zanas could still sense a tension from him. He did not wish to enter the Dreamer hold, especially uninvited. 
The tunnel began to narrow, pressing in like a dark cocoon. Steps appeared, seeming to have been formed by the earth itself, twisting and turning in slow lazy curves of rock. The walls were now so close, her shoulders brushed the stone face, a soft scratching of the skin. She imagined what it would be like for a Dreamer pledge, about to be birthed into a magical new world.
They emerged into a huge cavern, the ceiling of the cave glittering brightly with sharp, deadly looking spikes. It was like being inside a giant geode, the bluish hue of the ceiling even resembling one Zanas once held in geology class. She saw a slight movement, a quivering of jagged skewers.
“Best not to linger,” Jesster whispered, giving a fleeting glance towards the roof. They quietly walked up the enormous stone steps that lay ahead of them. Huge ornamental pillars were cut out of the rock, high archways looming overhead. The glittering of the blue shards shined down upon the elaborate entrance to the Dreamers. 
They walked up to the door that hung on giant hinges, a large handle rested on its side. They grabbed hold of the handle, and with all their strength pulled it open a few inches. The door creaked loudly, the high-pitched sound echoing in the open expanse. Noise from the ceiling drew her eyes, the roof alive with movement. She glanced at Jesster and her feelings seemed echoed in his eyes.  
Turning their attention back to the door, they pulled even harder, opening it just wide enough to squeeze through. Jesster moved through the opening, disappearing into the shadows. Zanas paused for just a moment, staring at where Jesster had been, and then she gave one last look at the roof of the cave. 
The blue spikes of the cave moved in an undulating fashion, the blue color circling the areas. She watched as one group of spikes detached from the roof and started to fly in lazy circles, a gleaming beak visible. More and more of the spiky winged creatures began to drop from the sky. Her heart began to pound as she thought of how many there must be to cover the roof of the mammoth cave, and then she felt the hand of Jesster pulling her through the door.
Grabbing the handle, she struggled to pull the door closed. A crooning sound had begun in the cavern, streaks of blue light visible in the gap left in the door. Jesster reached out and pulled with her, both of them putting their might into the motion. The door gave one final mighty groan, before settling into its resting place. They stood there for a moment and gathered their breath, the sound of the flying animals echoing through the thick door.
“I thought you said there weren’t any guards…” she said looking at the Jesster, he shrugged and flashed a sheepish grin. The silly boy she had first met returned for a moment, and Zanas momentarily felt bad for the rough way she had treated him.  
They were in the inner tunnel of the hold, dark and cold. Zanas was once again thankful for her mutated eyes that allowed her to see the twists and turns, leading to a long cavern. Ulwahi covered the ceiling in the brightest radiance that she had ever seen, illuminating the grand hall of the Dreamers. The room seemed to have been cut from the whitest marble, so clean that Zanas could see her soft reflection in the floor below her. This is what she would imagine the hall of Zeus to look like, elaborate and mystically beautiful. 
Their steps echoed as they moved across the smooth floor, a single chair resting at the far end. A face flashed before Zanas’s mind, an old crooked man, his blue eyes milky. He had pretended not to know her when she entered the pledge house. There was no way that he had not; her sister was a part of his hold.
There was movement behind the chair and Zanas expected to see the ancient man slithering across the floor towards them. Instead, she found herself looking at a far younger man. His arrogant eyes stared down at them, traveling over Jesster and then flickering to a stop on her, widening for a moment. His lips pursed, annoyed.
“Wonderful, another one of you,” he said with a perturbed sigh. “What are you doing here, Pursuer?” he asked, adjusting his blood red robe, the fabric of the garment soft and luxurious. She smiled for a moment wondering how her sister, always in black, was responding to the red. The man’s eyes narrowed on her and she met his boldly. 
“I am here to see my sister, and I’m not leaving until I do,” Zanas said. 
He didn’t answer, but instead seemed to be examining something on the floor by his feet. His silence began to anger her, and she felt her blood grow hot. He moved his eyes from the floor and met hers with a smug smile on his face.
“Temper, temper girl,” he said raising an eyebrow, his eyes cold. “Why don’t you follow me?” he said turning and looking at Jesster. “Go home little boy, least your family misses you.” Zanas watched as Jesster stiffened.
“I am no boy…” Jesster growled. “I am Pursuer, I have no parents that I answer to,” he spat out angrily. 
Zanas knew that the arrogant Dreamer knew this already. It was quiet obvious that Jesster was a Pursuer, all anyone had to do was look at him. The anger that Jesster was exhibiting seemed to amuse the man and he smiled, his lips a line across his face. Zanas could feel the tension in the boy’s muscles building and she placed her hand on his shoulder.
“Thank you Jesster for showing me the way. I can find my way back,” The boy said nothing for a moment and only stared at the man, his eyes flashing in anger. Then he turned to Zanas, giving her a slight nod and headed back down the hall. He made his way across the floor, his small shoulders hunched slightly. The Dreamer had hurt the small Pursuer’s pride, and this brought up a burning anger inside her. She turned her eyes on the Dreamer and he looked back at her with a bored expression.
“Well…” he said, turning and walking towards the door that stood behind the throne chair. Zanas followed him, keeping her anger under wraps, which was something she found herself having to do more and more as the day went on. She hoped that her hormones would stabilize soon; it was growing tiresome fending off the rage.  
The long hallways of the Dreamer hold reminded her of the Pursuer hold, with one main difference. There were no torches lighting the way in these halls. A stirring moved through the room; it felt almost as though the air was being sucked out. Zanas almost jumped when a pop resounded in the air, and a vibrant blue orb appeared before them, a hovering ball of energy. He made no motion to watch if she trailed him, as he followed the floating ball of blue.
Zanas watched as another orb approached them from further down the hall. As it came closer, Zanas recognized that there was a woman walking behind the light, but unlike no woman that she had ever seen before. Her hair was braided and looped all over her head. The time that it must have taken to arrange this elaborate style shocked Zanas. But that was not what shocked Zanas the most.
Her face was painted in bright vibrant colors. There was a glitter quality about the paint and her face sparkled like a diamond, as the blue orb cast its light upon her. She was dressed in the same red robe as the man, yet hers seemed to float behind her as she walked, an eerie sparkling ghost floating by. She said nothing as she walked by, only passing her icy blue eyes across them. The hallway seemed to darken slightly as the light of her orb left with her.
They passed more sparkling red Dreamers. Not all of them wore the red robes of the man, but red dominated their elaborate wardrobes. The majority of the Dreamers had their faces painted in shimmering designs, including the men. All of them directed a glowing blue orb as they walked down the dark hallways. Zanas wondered for a moment why the man had no such decoration when he stopped at a door, bringing his hand sharply to its surface. There was silence for a moment. Then Zanas heard her, and the musical way that she spoke.
“Come in,” her sister called out. 
Zanas turned for a moment and looked at the man. He rolled his eyes, sighing in annoyance and made an impatient gesture for her to open the door, then turned and left, his glowing orb casting its brilliance ahead of him.
... … …
Zanas pushed the large door open. The room was draped with black velvet, resembling the den of a giant spider. She saw the shape of what looked like a bed with high posts, covered in flowing folds of black. Blue orbs floated in multiple places throughout the room, casting eerie shadow webs on the walls. Then Zanas saw her.
Asenya was seated at a chair, her hand holding a brush, sparkling with Dreamer makeup. Her black hair fell loose, straight and silky to the floor. Her eyes, heavily smudged black, were smeared like smudges left across paper. Her lips shimmered in sparkly red, pouting slightly as she looked to see who entered her room. Her eyes no longer the black they had once shared, but instead, the sapphire blue of the Dreamers.  
The majority of her sister’s outfit was the same velvet material as her room, a jagged black swath of material jutting here and there across her slim form. Another color splashed her features, the vibrant red of the Dreamers flowing in the black. 
Neither of them said anything for a moment and simply stared at the other. They seemed even less like twins, although Zanas resembled the old Asenya more than the one standing before her. Then her sister was floating across the floor and pulling her into an embrace.
“Zanas!” Asenya sister called out. “What took you so long?” she asked her red lips drawing to a smile. Zanas held her sister close, taking in her words for a moment, and feeling confused.
“What do you mean what took me so long?” Zanas asked pulling away, looking into her sister’s blue eyes. They suited her face, the blue a stark contrast beside her jet-black hair. Zanas caught herself staring at the lipstick that covered her sister’s lips. It sparkled like diamonds, and for a moment her eyes seemed like just two more.
“They told me when I arrived, that it had been foreseen that I would come, and that eventually you would follow,” Asenya said with a shrug of her delicate shoulders. “The elders do a lot of mumbo jumbo like that, poking their noses into the futures of people…”she said with an exaggerated rolling of her eyes. Zanas found herself smiling at the usual sarcastic nature of her sister. She was happy to be back in her presence finally, and to able to hear the sound of Asenya’s soft voice.
“How have you been…”Zanas rushed out. Asenya’s face grew serious; her blue eyes seemed to darken like a cloudy storm.  
“At first I was furious,” she began. “because I had been taken against my will. But they explained to me that they had to, in order for you to come as well,” she said her voice getting quiet as she got further and further to the end of her sentence. Asenya looked down, staring at Zanas from the corner of her eye, as if unsure what reaction Zanas would have. “They could never have brought you below by force,” she continued.
“Although they were unsure what house you would pledge. It seems, they could not get a clear reading on that issue,” Asenya said with an amused smile. “Some of the elders saw you choose Dreamer and some of them saw you choosing Pursuer. It was some big drama,” she said rolling her eyes once again.  Asenya tossed herself on her bed, so like she use to do, that it made Zanas’s heart ache.
 “I told them it was just because they didn’t know my sister, you weren’t deciding what you were going to do until you were ready,” she finished with a big grin. Her smile vanished, and her eyes returned to being serious once more.
“Zanas, I cannot explain the things that I have begun to learn. The things that I am capable of learning. I’m just into training right now, but I know that I can go further than they have ever gone.” Her eyes were flashing now, it seemed as though the clouds had turned to lightening. “I feel as though I am where I was always meant to be…” Asenya finished with a terrified look in her eyes. 
Zanas was once again confused at her sister’s reaction; not understanding why Asenya would feel terrified. Then it dawned on her. Asenya was terrified that Zanas would hate her at the statement. Asenya was happy in the life that she was currently in. A life away from her sister.  
“They told me I would see you again, Zanas,” Asenya continued, her eyes brimming with tears. “They told me you would be fine, and that whatever you chose it would be your heart’s desire. There is no other way in the pledge house. Some say that it is the Alchemist’s that make it so, but no one really knows.” She paused for a moment, breathing deep. “I have always been different than other people. No one ever understood what I was going through, they all just thought it was some psychological issue. I am finally with people that understand and can teach me… I’m finally where I belong.” Zanas felt sad for a moment, coming to the realization that she understood exactly what Asenya meant. Zanas felt the same way, she was destined to be a Pursuer.


Chapter 18-Final Test

Zanas lay in her bed staring at the stone ceiling. Maleek had left early in the morning, nudging her with his wet nose until she had opened the door for him, leaving it slightly cracked so that he could return unaided. She had no interest in reemerging from her warm furs. Zanas had just started to doze again when she heard movement at the door.
“Ahhhh Maleek can’t…”
“I’m not your slobbering beast,” said the sleek voice of Dressdon. Zanas opened her eyes groggily and looked at the dark haired Pursuer. “Get out of bed girl. You will not sit here and mope like a city dweller. Nothing has changed. You always knew your sister was a Dreamer. Now get up,” he finished with a slight growl, effortlessly plucking her from the bed and placing her on the floor. She stood there for a moment shocked.
“How dare you just barge in here…?” she began fuming.
“I’ll do what I want girl. You never should have gone and seen her now. Look at what it has done to you. There is only one thing, and one thing only, that you should be thinking of. And that is your final test.” His words made sense but that only made her even more furious.
“What do you care? I’m sure you wouldn’t care if I failed the final test,” Zanas began, speaking before she had thought. She was cut off by his growl, as he grabbed hold of her wrist roughly, pulling her closer to him. 
“That is nothing to speak lightly of,” he hissed out. “Failing the final test means death…” she could feel the anger radiated from him. He was furious with her, and for a moment, it blotted out her anger. His chastisement rang true and dealt a swift blow to her pride. “Now pull yourself together and stop acting like a child,” he finished, releasing her hand and turning, the air still heavy with his fury.
Although she knew he was right, it still did not stop her from glaring at his back as he left. Who was he to come in here and treat her like this? Was he being the vigilant team leader, giving the obligatory pep talk? Or was there something more to his rash behavior? Not knowing the answer to these questions, Zanas followed the only answer that she was sure of, she felt grimy, and a hot bath might also lift her spirits.
Zanas sighed as the warm current worked its magic on her stiff body and her aching soul. Dressdon was right. She always knew her sister was a Dreamer, before she even knew what a Dreamer was. Asenya had only begun to touch the surface when they were above, even then, being captivated by their ways. They would finally lead separate paths. She had expected this as well, but not so soon.
The tangles worked their way out of her hair just as her tension left. She would stop acting like a child. Once again, she blamed her chaotic emotions for her change in behavior. Resolving to pull herself together, she exited the bath and returned to her room. After she was dressed in fresh clothing and her hair was pulled into a tight braid, she finally began to feel like herself.
… … …
Five pairs of eyes stared at her.
“It’s alive,” Fless said in a mocking whisper. Zanas gave him no answer as she took a bite of her bread.  
“We thought for sure you would be like one of those creepy bottom dwellers, crawling around in the dark… with no eyes….” Tress said his eyes exaggeratingly pulled wide. Zanas had heard tales of bizarre creatures lurking in deepest part of the earth. Some believed that they were once people of Alwahi whose mutation had gone terribly wrong.
“You two are equally funny,” Desstina butted in and then she narrowed her eyes at Zanas. “It’s all right… some people crack at the thought of the final challenge,” she said with an evil glimmer in her eyes, a smile floating just beneath the surface. Zanas sighed, chewing on another bite of bread. She could see the silent shaking of the blonde’s shoulders as she laughed to herself.
“Speaking of last challenge, it should be coming up soon,” Desstina said, her eyes bright with enjoyment. “And then we will really see if you have what it takes. And we will also get to see…”
“Enough!” Dressdon roared. Pursuers seated at tables around them turned and stared, a momentary lapse in their discussions, and then the noise around them began anew. At all tables except theirs, that is. Dressdon glared furiously at Desstina, who pouted her pink lips, a look of annoyance across her face. “You know the tests are not discussed,” he hissed. “Do you want to penalize your whole team? Is it really worth a snide remark? Eat your food or leave, but don’t speak of the tests again.” Dressdon’s eyes were on fire and Desstina seemed to shrink in a little. She said nothing, as she picked up a piece of fruit and placed it in her mouth.  
The twins began their lively banter, and eventually brought Desstina out of her sulky mood as she chastised them. Zanas glanced passed the teasing trio to Ressna, who seemed rather quiet. She moved her eyes down the table and found herself looking straight into his eyes. He had the blank look she was unable to read once more. She ached for the resolution to the tension between them and then ached as he left the hall.  
“Sheesh… what’s wrong with him!” Tress said. Fless nodded next to him.
“Ahhh you know…” Desstina said with a sickening sweet smile and slyly glanced towards Zanas. 
Not wanting to deal with it any longer, Zanas picked up her food and headed towards her room. She would give her scraps to Maleek; he was always looking for extra food.  
When she entered her room, she was surprised to find Maleek missing. She had left the door slightly ajar when she left the lazy predator, Maleek had been snoring very loudly, one paw covering his nose. He had awoken her multiple times during the night, his paws twitching in a rhythmic motion. She had imagined that he dreamed of running, chasing some obscure prey. When she had finally been able to get back to sleep, it was this that she dreamed of. The prey always seeming to elude her, but Zanas could still remember the burning of her lungs and the thrill of the pursuit.
She placed the leftover food by the warm fireplace. Whenever Maleek did return, he would be pleased to find some treats. Walking over to the window she pushed it open and sighed as the soft glow of the Ulwahi glittered down on her. The city below always seemed so peaceful, the city people meandering, appearing to have no care in the world. All of her times in the city had one thing in common; magic sparkled through each one of the memories.  
She thought of the most magical memory she had of the city, and of Dressdon’s wide hands holding her waist. The knock at the door made her jump slightly. Pulling it open, she felt her face begin to burn, and was furious with herself when she was unable to meet his eyes.
“What’s wrong?” The concern in his voice made her meet his narrowed eyes as they looked down upon her.  
“Nothing,” Zanas said shaking her head and forcing herself to feel at ease. She would not allow him to mess with her emotions. The sparkling amusement returned to his eyes for a moment, as quickly as it appeared it left, replaced by the cold emptiness.
“Anessa would like to speak to you,” his voice was strangely quiet and she felt her heart begin to pound again.  
Dressdon turned and began to walk down the hallway and she matched his pace, walking beside him. It felt strange to be so near to someone, yet be unable to speak. Once again, she was angry at herself for letting her mind wander. She needed to be focusing on what lay ahead. Something was about to happen, something big.
He led her through the third level and its winding hallways. Although Zanas had lived in the hold for some time now, she had yet to explore all the dark passages. Just when it seemed like she had come to a dead-end a new turn would appear, or some hidden passageway would be unearthed. The hallway that they were currently walking in seemed overly cold. She felt a chill across her flesh and she gave a small shiver. Dressdon stopped at a large door knocking quietly on the wood, answered by the muffled reply of Anessa.
The room was warm and inviting. A large fire burned in the beautiful fireplace against the far wall, casting light on the large overstuffed furniture that crowded the room. For a moment, Zanas was unable to place the clan leader and then the movement of Anessa’s arm brought her into view. The woman was seated on a couch beside the fire and she waved them over. Zanas chose a chair that was close to her, the warmth of the fire chasing off the chill of the hallway. She could hear rustle of Dressdon taking a seat, but she kept her eyes on the clan leader.
The woman was striking. Zanas remembered the first time she had seen her, sitting in the pledge house. She remembered how young the woman had looked in comparison to the other clan leaders. Zanas had a strong suspicion that the woman was just as old as they were, yet her features said differently. Only the slight wrinkles streaking beside her eyes, like webs, gave the hint that she was not as young as she appeared. Zanas had only caught glimpses of her since that long ago day when she had led her from the pledge hall.
“I have been keeping an eye on you,” Anessa began. “I’m sorry that I have not had enough time to meet with you before. I have been very busy with some business between the clans. However, I have been apprised of your progress. I really wish that I had been able to see your pledge fight, but unfortunately…”she paused for a moment thinking about her words carefully. “I had to be away from the hold,” Anessa finished, and then looked over at Dressdon. “Your team leader has reported good results for you, and good prospects, if you become part of this clan. The only remaining obstacle is your final challenge, and that is the main reason that I have called you before me today.  
As I am sure you have noticed we do not prepare our pledges for the tests. We believe that only the true Pursuers will instinctively know what to do. Alwahi chooses and puts all her people in their rightful place. So far, you have passed all that has been put before you. You have hunted for your clan, you have fought for your clan, and now you must be willing to die for your clan.
The third test takes place on the course. As is the tradition, you will face a single opponent, taking the place of prey. Unlike the games you have played with your teammates, you will not be wearing the protective suit. Your opponent will have three arrows. This is no game. The hunter will try to end you. This is the true test of a Pursuer, to face death and survive. You will be given no quarter once you have entered the challenge. You become a Pursuer, or you die.” Anessa stopped speaking for a moment her eyes intently watching Zanas’s face, as if she were searching for traces of fear.
“If you are unworthy, now is your chance to leave. You can choose to leave the hold and go to the city… or wherever you choose. But you will no longer be welcome in any of the three clans of the beneath.” There was a hard quality to her tone which seemed to emphasize the seriousness of the last sentence.
“If you pass the final test, you will become a permanent member of your team. You will never hunt with any others, unless you are chosen as worthy enough to lead your own team.” she paused once again and turned her eyes on Dressdon. “In passing the final test you will also be passing the last test of your team.” Anessa turned her eyes towards the blazing fire, the crackling of the logs the only sound.
“And who is to be my opponent?” Zanas asked. Anessa looked at her and then turned her eyes pointedly at Dressdon.
“As it always is… you will face your team leader.”
… … …
They stood in the darkened shadows of the hallway. 
“I will not take it easy on you. All Pursuers must pass this test or they are unworthy to be clan,” Dressdon said quietly. He had the face he usually had lately, the blank unreadable countenance. Once again, there was a soft voice telling her she should be afraid, and yet she wasn’t.
“And you should know,” Zanas said her voice coming out in a soft growl. “I will not take it easy on you.” She turned and began to walk down the hallway that echoed with the soft laughter of Dressdon.


Chapter 19- Pursued

Maleek had finally returned and he greeted her when she entered the room, pressing his wet nose against her hands. Zanas felt somewhat at ease. A weight had been lifted off her shoulders. She finally knew what the third challenge was. She no longer had to wait and wonder what it would be. Now she needed to start preparing herself for it.
Zanas tried to remember back to the time she had played the course with Dressdon. A scene came to her mind. In it, Dressdon was standing in one of the high walled canyons, aiming with dangerous accuracy at Ressna. She tried to pause the moment in her mind, looking at it from every angle. The way he held his bow, the tension in his arms, the position of his feet, all the things that could give her some idea of a strategy. 
Maleek seemed to sense her tension and rubbed his rough side against her leg. Zanas reached down and gave him a pat on the head. He had been a good companion to her, always loyal and caring. He stood up strolling to her bow that sat against the far wall, nudging it with his nose. It gave a small clank as it toppled to the floor. A hiss escaped her lips and she rushed over, picking up the bow and running her hands over its smooth surface, testing for any breaks.
“Take it easy Maleek, you big brute.” she said in a half-angry tone. Something felt good about the weapon in her hands, the weight of it stretching her muscles. Her spirits began to lift at the thought of arrows flying through the air. Zanas gave Maleek an appreciative pat as she headed towards the fourth level.  
Zanas had no idea why, but she had yet to use the shooting range. Perhaps she had not seen a reason to before because she used her bow often on her hunts with her team. But they were in a down time right now. All the teams rotated their hunting shifts, each one receiving valuable time off. Zanas believed that most Pursuers found this to be a peaceful time, but she found it unnerving. She preferred to be on the move, instead of spending her time lounging.
She heard the laughter of Pursuers as she stepped out of the door and onto the fourth floor. When she passed by the fighting hall she could see two Pursuer’s landing blows, as a small crowd cheered them on. The waiting room to the course stood empty as she passed it next, the protective suits gleaming lonely on the walls. The next room was where Zanas was headed. As she stepped through the doorway, she was glad to see that the room was mostly deserted, with just a few Pursuers launching their arrows into the targets.
She placed herself into an empty booth. The shooting range stretched out in front of her. There were numerous targets placed randomly along its body. Some of the targets resembled animals, some that Zanas recognized, and others that she did not. Other targets resembled the shapes of humans and for some reason this amused Zanas. She loaded an arrow and let it fly. It soared through the air and landed square in the head of a dummy.
“Nicccccceee….” she heard an amused voice. 
Zanas looked over to see Desstina taking the booth next to her, her bow in her hands. Zanas watched as the blonde sent an arrow flying through the air and into the eye of the dummy Zanas had hit. Desstina turned towards her and grinned.
“Deadly minds think alike,” Desstina said, with a sly smile lowering her eyes and looking intently at her bow. “You know, this is where I came the night before my third test,” she said pulling one of her arrows out of her quiver and twirling it in her hands before sighing. “Many die in the final test, but you’re one squirrely prey. I’m sure I’ll be amused by you for a very long time.” A frown crossed her pretty face. “But that’s all I want to say, I didn’t come here for chatting,” she finished pulling her blonde hair into a knot and then began to launch one arrow after another.
Zanas could not help but be warmed by the girl’s words. Desstina was small and deadly in her dazzling way. She gave no apologies for her rash, blunt behavior, and she thrived in a society that valued these traits. Yet she had gone beyond her natural instinct and calmed fears that she thought may have been circulating in her teammate’s head.  
… … …
Zanas curled up next to Maleek, in their big stone bed. She allowed herself only once to wonder at the future of Maleek, should she fail the final test. Thinking like that would not aid her. She had to keep her mind fear free. She would become a Pursuer or she would die trying. It was her destiny. Maleek, normally stirring frequently in the night, was remarkably still. He may have sensed the worry in his companion and tried to give Zanas every possible opportunity to rest.
Her final test was scheduled just after breakfast. Although she knew that she should eat for strength, Zanas found herself unable to when she awoke in the morning. Instead, she spent the few hours looking down at the glittering city that had captured her heart. A soft knock at her door summoned her and she opened it to see a worried looking Ressna.
“I just wanted to wish you luck,” she said quickly reaching forward and pulling Zanas into a hug. “I have no doubt you will do well,” she whispered and then she turned and fled. 
Zanas closed the door and returned to her bed. She cuddled with Maleek and stroked his rough fur. He purred at her and licked her hands with his tongue. Sensing that it was time, she rose and left the room, leaving the door ajar so Maleek could leave if he needed.
The walk down the hallways seemed even longer than usual, and the climb up the towering steps seemed never ending. Zanas opened the door to the fourth floor expecting to find it changed in some way, but the hustle of the floor was unchanged. Pursuers were occupied in a variety of activities, and only a few gave her a look as she passed. When she finally made it to the waiting room of the course, she was only met by two people, Anessa and Dressdon.  
Although there were two people in the room, Zanas only had eyes for one. She found herself sucked in, as his eyes stared back at her. The blank look was gone, his eyes afire, and Zanas knew that if she dared put her hand to his chest, his heart would beat rapidly beneath her fingers. His face was dark, a black hand smudged across his face. His bow seemed enormous in his hands, three black tipped arrows erupting from his quiver.
“The final test is a private exchange. There will be no audience here. It will be between the hunter and the prey. May you come out of the course alive. You may enter at any time,” Anessa said in a businesslike way. Zanas wondered how many pledges she had said the very same thing to, and how many of them had made it out alive. The emotionless way she said this faltered her confidence for just a moment, and then she looked back into the burning eyes of Dressdon and felt her resolution aflame once again.
Zanas exited the waiting room and entered the course. The empty canyons surrounded her with silence. She could almost imagine being somewhere in the Grand Canyon, its huge body enveloping her small existence. But if this was the Grand Canyon, it was the underworld version of it. Zanas closed her eyes, and took one deep breath. Her eyes snapped open, and she began running down the central canyon. She was the prey, and he was going to have to work to find her.
Concentrating on the sound of her movement she was able to discern when there was a second body moving behind her. The hairs on her arm stood up, as she felt a vibration in her body. It was the vibration of a string, quivering slightly as it released its hold, sending its arrow soaring. There was no thinking, just instinct, Zanas dived around the corner of the next canyon, and heard the shattering of wood meeting stone, the tiny shards raining down upon her.
She pushed herself back up in one fluid motion, and once again began racing through the canyons. She could hear the steady rhythm of his feet picking up pace behind her, pushing forward, gaining. Changing her strategy, she began zigzagging through canyon entrances. Barely skidding around a corner, she heard a soft curse as he missed, forced to back track. 
Pounding her feet onto the rock beneath her, she worked on increasing the gap between them. Zanas came around the corner at full speed and came to a stop, her feet leaving a trail on the thin layer of sand. Ahead loomed the high walls of the canyon; she had entered a dead end. Given only had a split second to register this, she heard the twang of an arrow being released.
Zanas pivoted instantly, but still was not fast enough. A small scream escaped her lips as the arrow pierced her shoulder. It was as through a hot searing poker had been stabbed through her flesh. Her vision began to darken, that small voice telling her that it was over, that she should lie down and give up, that she was not strong enough.
But that was not her voice. That was what she had been led to believe all her life. But she was strong enough. She would not lie down and die, and for the last time she silenced that voice. She would finally accept who she was meant to be, she finally had no fear. Her vision turned from black, to the reddish tint of the hunt. A growl of anger burst from her lips as she reached up and tore the arrow from her shoulder, placing her hand against the wound, blood oozing from between her fingers.
He was pulling his final arrow from his quiver and placing it in its notch, aiming it at her heart. 
Zanas sprinted into motion, running towards him in a random, zigzagging way. Part of her watched Dressdon as he trailed her, moving his aim as she moved, trying to get a good shot. He almost had it, she could sense his finger begin to tense as he prepared to release his arrow. Zanas used that second to leap onto the side of the canyon wall, using its hard surface to push off with her feet, and launch herself at Dressdon. She soared through the air like a missile, her foot connecting with the side of his face, shock registering as his bow was knocked free from his hands.
The clank of Dressdon’s bow hitting the rock echoed in her ears, as they fell to the ground. Zanas felt the breath knocked from her, and she panicked for a moment, unable to breath. Air finally began to travel down her airways, and she gasped in the cool sweetness. Zanas was finally able to focus, the hazy outline of the arrow coming into view.
She reached out, trying to grab the arrow in her hands, only to feel the iron grip of Dressdon as he dragged her back towards him. The rough floor of the canyon scratched at her clothing and she heard the rip of fabric, and the stinging of scrapped flesh. Zanas twisted around, trying to free her leg from Dressdon’s grip, kicking her other leg out. With one mighty yank, he had pulled her beside him, pinning her down firmly with his wide hands. 
A small scream escaped her lips as his hand dug into the injury in her shoulder. Stars began to form in her vision, her peripheral turning black. In a desperate attempt to keep her consciousness, Zanas dug her hands into the ground beneath her, the rocky substance crumbling in her fingers. The weight of his body pressed on hers, holding her down in her last attempt at a struggle. The spots in her vision spread, her strength seeping, just as her blood seeped into the canyon beneath her. Her hands jerked, grasping, finally catching hold.
The weight lifted from her body, and her awareness was sucked back inside her. Her eyes focused on Dressdon’s back as he walked towards his bow and the arrow that lay still on the ground. She ignored the pounding in her head and the wet sticky feeling of her clothes as she pulled herself up. 
He didn’t see her coming; he had underestimated her, and with his back still turned, Zanas brought down the rock she had clawed from the earth upon his head. Dressdon let out a gasp as he collapsed to one knee. Holding her hand to her shoulder, Zanas gritted her teeth in pain as she made her way out of the dead-end.
She felt a second surge, as the adrenaline coursed through her veins once more, and she picked up her pace to a jog. Zanas did not know how long her surge of energy would last, but she did know that the wound in her shoulder was continuing to bleed, and blood had begun to trail down her legs.  
Zanas ducked into a side canyon, keeping her ears focused for movement behind her. She wondered how long it would take Dressdon to pick up her trail. He was a skilled hunter and she had no doubt that he would catch up. Even if she had been able to outsmart Dressdon, the telltale trail of blood that she was leaving in her wake would lead him right to her. Besides, she was losing too much blood; her new rush of energy wouldn’t last long. She needed to figure out a way to meet him on her own terms. 
Zanas stopped her movement, and began scanning the tall wall of the canyon, trying to find a place that she might be able to climb up to. The glimmer of shale at the foot of the wall drew her attention. A piece lay there like a dagger chiseled by the gods themselves, laying in wait for her hands to grasp it in defense. She picked it up, tucking it into her waist as she began her climb up the rock face.  
She climbed up above the entrance to the canyon, looking down she could clearly pick out the red drops that dotted the canyon floor beneath her. From this vantage, it appeared as though she had been struggling, her trail weaving back and forth. This was good. He would think that she was weakening. She tried not to think too long on the fact that this was true, as her hands began to shake, cold as ice.
A shuffle in the canyon below her drew her attention. He was coming, his eyes scanning the floor, stalking his prey. His bow rested solidly in his hands, his final black tipped arrow awaiting its release. He was a formidable opponent. Her last thought echoed in her mind as his green eyes flashed up toward her, just as her body tensed, preparing to drop down on him, her jagged blade clenched in her hands.  
Her body fell like an angel of death, hurtling down towards her foe. Her delirium filled plummet felt as though she soared like a bird. She could almost feel the wings that carried her body. A blurry movement crossed her vision, and a scream escaped her lips, as the searing poker was applied to her flesh once more, the third arrow piercing her thigh.
The bird had been shot down, and she fell with no direction. Zanas felt the vibration in her bones as she hit Dressdon, slamming him to the floor. The searing pain of the arrow pulled another scream from her lips, but this time in rage. The blade still clenched in her hands, she brought it to Dressdon’s neck, applying pressure. She watched as small drops of blood escaped from the thin line that appeared.
He made no move to defend himself. Zanas breathed through bared teeth, the sickening sweet smell of her blood heavy in the air.
“I should cut you…” she growled, gripping the blade tighter in her hands.  “You shot me!”
“And you survived, just as I knew you would,” he said quietly, his eyes still dancing with the flames she had seen earlier. “I would not have placed you here if I didn’t think you would survive. How do you think you ended up on this team?” he asked. For a moment, she was too surprised to speak.
“You…” she began.
“I requested that you be put on my team,” he said with a look that made her heart pound excitedly. Her vision lost its reddish hue and began to return to normal. “I knew that it would mean that I would have to face you in the final challenge.” His eyes had begun to smolder, their gaze holding her captive. “I believe whole heartedly in the ways of the Pursuer. We all must rightfully pass the final challenge.” His hands moved up, gently pulling the blade out of her hands. “And you have passed…” he whispered, “And now you’re mine. Just as you always have been, from that first moment I saw you in the woods.” 
“You’re mine Zanass.” Her name ended on his lips with a slight hiss.


Authors Note:
If you enjoyed this book, please take the time to write a review, share on FB, or blog about it. As an independent author, I get the majority of my exposure from my readers. Thank you for taking the time to read Pursuer! Be sure and look for the second book in the Alwahi Series, Dreamer.


To learn more about the author, or future books in the Alwahi Series visit moniquemorgan.com and like her on facebook to stay up to date 
