Codename Vengeance

Vengeance Series
Book I


David Wright
Copyright 2012


Smashwords Editon, License Notes.

Thank you for downloading this free eBook.  You are welcome to share it with your friends.  This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.  If you enjoyed this book, please return to discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support.


Books written by David Wright can be obtained from better ebook retailers everywhere:


Books by David Wright


Flight of the Cosmonaut
Cosmonaut Book I


Elf Lord
Elf Book I


I wish to dedicate this book to my family and friends for their loving support, my younger daughter, Celina, for the great cover art, and my older daughter, Sharon, for actually reading my book.


Contents

Prologue
Chapter 1:  Amsterdam
Chapter 2:  Sea Serpent
Chapter 3:  Double Agent
Chapter 4:  SS
Chapter 5:  The Reich Chancellery
Chapter 6:  Uranverein
Chapter 7:  V-1
Chapter 8:  262 Me
Chapter 9:  Peenemunde
Chapter 10:  Duty
Chapter 11:  Wolf’s Lair
Chapter 12:  Auschwitz
Chapter 13:  Prague
Chapter 14:  Dora-Mittelbau
Chapter 15:  Schmitt
Chapter 16:  Wildeshausen
Chapter 17:  Final Vengeance
About the Author
Flight of the Cosmonaut
Elf Lord
Prologue
________________

The American was a good two inches taller than the tallest Brit in the squadron.  Spitfire cockpits were small and required small pilots, but the American wasn’t flying a British Spitfire.  He had an experimental airplane that had been shipped over from the new world, a faster, more durable fighter with a big engine that roared like a tiger.  And the American was here to put it through its paces in real combat. 
But it was more than just his hot American airplane and his lanky American height that distinguished this Yank.  It was something about the way the Marlboro cigarette dangled from his dry lips, the way he lit a match with the flick of his thumbnail.  It was the way the wind teased the ends of his wavy brown hair and the way he looked right through you with his brazen, blue eyes.  Or perhaps it was just the way he leaned up against the fuselage of his Mustang as if he were a cowboy at a rodeo and not an air force pilot being sent off to die.
“Who’s the Yank?”  Sergeant Smythe sized up the stranger from a distance with a mixture of jealousy and disdain.  It was an unspoken axiom that RAF pilots despised their American Allies, especially the ones who volunteered to join the battle for Europe, not because they thought them cowardly for joining the war late or greedy for making a fortune off the manufacture and sale of weapons.  
Certainly they thought these things, but that’s not what made them jealous.  It was the vulgar manner in which those tall, good-looking hotshots spread their dough around at the local pub, buying up all the best beer and stealing all the prettiest girls.  The British ladies flocked to the foreign pilots like hummingbirds to honey.  At only three shillings a day, the average RAF pilot just couldn’t compete.  
“That’s all we need—another guts and glory Yank who wants to add a few more crosses to his engine cowling.  He’ll get us all killed.”
“Stow it, Smythe.”
Smythe turned abruptly to see Major Harris standing behind him.  He saluted sharply and then gave his wingman an evil glare.  The wingman just shrugged.  He was a Canadian himself and hated Smythe’s snobbery more than he hated Yanks, maybe even more than Jerries, but he wouldn’t admit that out loud.
“Take a good look at that man’s aircraft, Sergeant.  Do you see how many crosses he already has on the side of that monster?  You’re looking at one of the few pilots to get off the ground at Pearl Harbor.  He’s been flying ops over the Japs heads for the past six months and now he’s come to help us fight the Hun.  Do you have a problem with that?”  Smythe shook his head and Major Harris picked up a Mae West off the field and slammed it into Smythe’s narrow chest.  “How about you go and introduce yourself, William?  He’s your new wing commander and you’re darn lucky to have him.”
Smythe cringed.
Two miles over the North Sea, Eagle Squadron encountered heavy resistance from ground-based antiaircraft fire.  They lost two Spitfires in the English Channel before breaking through the coastal defenses and into enemy airspace.  Their mission was simple, but risky.  They were to locate the Luftwaffe’s new airbase in Holland and make it back alive to relay the vital information to the bombers.  If only it were that easy . . .
“Stay frosty, Eagles.  Keep your tails clean and your eyes peeled for that airbase.”  Major Harris scanned the green fields as he spoke into his radio transmitter.  He saw a small patch of darkness, like the shadow of a bird, race across the field and into the trees, and then he heard gunfire.
“He’s gone crazy.  He’s after me.  I can’t shake him.”
Harris heard the frantic voice over the radio and looked up just as a flaming aircraft crossed his path.  He banked suddenly to the right and the airplane crashed into the trees and exploded in a brilliant fireball that singed the trim lines on Harris’ tail.  “What was that?” he exclaimed.  “Was it one of ours?”
“It was Sergeant Smythe,” Harris’ wingman answered over the radio.  Harris scanned the horizon in all directions, but there was nothing, no sign of another plane anywhere.
“Delta Wing, do you read me?  Come in, Delta Wing.”
Static answered.  
Harris felt the hair stand up on the back of his neck and his hands begin to perspire.  “Wing Commander Douglas, report your position.”
“It’s that blasted Yank.”  Harris’ wingman cursed.  Harris couldn’t believe it.  Lieutenant Douglas may have been an American, but he was a celebrated war hero.  It couldn’t be him.  But if it was . . .
Harris looked up.  A black shape was forming in the center of the sun.  It grew larger, sprouted wings and then belched fire.  Harris screamed as the cannon shells ripped through his cockpit and turned his unprotected body into mincemeat.  There was enough left of his dead hand to rest on the joystick and send his Spitfire careening wildly into his startled wingman.  Both planes exploded on impact and then plunged into the green fields of Holland.
One mile away, Field Marshal Schmitt watched the explosions through his field glasses.  “Will the British never learn how to fly?”  He gloated with more than a little arrogance.  The rumble of the explosions was still echoing over the airbase.  Gunners had been alerted, but no British squadron arrived to meet them.  The old general listened for the distinctive purr of the Spitfire’s Rolls Royce engines, but he heard nothing like that.  There was the sound of an approaching engine, but it was muffled and soft as if it were coming from only one plane.
“Sir, I’m receiving a message.”  The radio operator tried to get the field marshal’s attention but his ear was still tuned to the sound of the approaching aircraft.  
“Yes.  What is it?” he said testily.
“He says, Stop, don’t shoot.”
“Is this a joke?”  The sound was growing louder, just beyond the trees–a single prop fighter flying very low.  “It’s a trick.  Ready the gunners.”
“But field marshal, the message is in German.”
A solitary airplane appeared over the treetops.  It wagged its square wings up and down with comic exaggeration.
The radio operator looked up at the general.  “His German is very good.  I think he’s from the Brandenburg region around Berlin.  My father was from Brandenburg and he spoke—”
“I know where Brandenburg is, you idiot.  I was born there.  What does he want?”
“He wants to land.  He has important information for Reich Command.  He says he’s a German operative, codename Vengeance.”  
Field Marshal Schmitt hesitated.  He didn’t know the name but he knew there were German spies in the West and it would be a black mark on his illustrious career if he shot one down before he had a chance to deliver his message to high command.  If he let him land, however, he could always kill him later.  A single fighter plane couldn’t do much damage to his new airbase, not without a very large bomb attached to it, and fighters couldn’t carry large bombs.  The marshal, who was never a quick thinker at the best of times, was just about to make up his mind when he heard the tower machine gun battery come alive with a resounding ack ack.
“Cease fire!” Schmitt bellowed angrily, but the damage had already been done.  The slowly approaching target had been almost impossible to miss.  Schmitt watched helplessly as the fighter plane’s single engine burst into flames.  In seconds, the aircraft was fully encompassed in thick, black smoke.  The marshal heard the engines stutter.  He could no longer see the aircraft, but a moment later he heard the crash and saw the tell-tail signs of smoke rising over the trees.  Schmitt felt a heavy weight deep in the pit of his stomach.
#
Deep in the heart of Germany two men raised their shotguns and fired.  The first man missed.  The second did not.  Caught in the chest with an ounce of buckshot, the pheasant folded up its brown feathery wings and plunged into the leafy undergrowth where it would be retrieved a minute later by a yelping English setter.
“Fine shot, admiral.  You are an amazing sportsman for a man of your age.”  Heydrich put an extra emphasis on the last few words, but Canaris appeared not to notice.
Stepping down from his magnificent white gelding, he broke open his shotgun and emptied the spent shell.
Admiral Canaris was an older man with gray hair and wrinkles deep in his forehead, but his eyesight was still sharp and he rode like a true gentleman.  Obergruppenfuhrer Heydrich wasn’t particularly jealous of the admiral’s hunting abilities.  He could shoot and ride just as well as the next man and some day he was sure to surpass his old master, if not today.  But if there was a particular talent that worried Heydrich, it was the admiral’s sinister brand of intelligence, his uncanny way of knowing things he should not and speaking and acting in polar antithesis.  If he ever became an enemy, Admiral Canaris would be a truly dangerous opponent.   
“You flatter me, Herr Heydrich.  I am lucky.  That is all.”  Canaris took the morning’s catch from his enthusiastic canine companion.  It was a good-sized bird and would make a lovely dinner.  “I do wish you would reconsider.  My Nora makes a lovely raisin strudel, my cellar is fully stocked and I can’t possibly finish this buxom bird all by myself.”  He held up the dead pheasant to prove his point.  “We can while away the end of spring in warm fellowship, good food and even better wine.”  
Heydrich waved away the suggestion as if it were a troublesome fly.  “That may be all right for a retired admiral such as yourself, but I have a country to run.”
“I understand.”  He lowered the bird sadly.  “I heard you were recently promoted to Reichsprotektor of Bohemia and Moravia.  Congratulations.  It must be a great honor, especially to a man so young.”
“Yes, admiral, it is.”  Heydrich eyed Canaris for a moment, trying to see past the polite words.  Just then Heydrich’s chauffeur appeared through the trees, running awkwardly down the narrow forest trail in his heavy black boots.
“See what I mean, admiral.  My job is never done.  If you’ll excuse me.”
“Of course.”
Heydrich urged his horse down the trail to meet the beleaguered soldier who then handed him a message.  Heydrich read it quickly and his eyes widened.  
“Codename Vengeance?” he asked with surprise.
“Yes.  I don’t know what it means, but that’s what the marshal said on the telephone.”
The sergeant may not have known the codename, but Heydrich did.  After three years, Germany’s top spy in America had finally come home.  But who was he and why had he returned?  And why Amsterdam?  Heydrich looked back over his shoulder at Canaris who was busy loading the dead bird into his satchel.  He must know something, but he would never tell, that wily old fox.  Heydrich would have to move quickly if he wanted to out-spy the spymaster.  
He turned back to his chauffeur.  “Wake Colonel Hausenberg.  Tell him to purge the ghetto.”
“Sir?”  The sergeant looked stunned.  “But there are thousands of Jews still in Amsterdam.  The camps are not ready.”
“Call in the Wolf Corps.  Get it done.”
“Yes sir.”
“But first I want you and Klein to go on ahead.  See to this other matter personally.  And Schliemann, no mistakes this time.”  Heydrich stared at the old sergeant sternly.  
“Heil Hitler!” Schliemann answered with a stiff salute and then hobbled off down the forest path.  Heydrich glanced back at Canaris who was waiting patiently on his beautiful white horse.  
“Nothing urgent, I hope,” the retired admiral called over the fifty-foot patch of trail between the two men.  A flock of pheasant scattered into the air between them, startled by the admiral’s prowling bird dog.  Neither man aimed raised his gun.
“Trouble in Bohemia.”
“Pardon me!”
“I said trouble in Bohemia.  I’m afraid I will have to decline your invitation and head back immediately.”
“What a shame.”  
Heydrich laughed to himself.  He was confident that the old admiral had heard none of what was said to the sergeant nor did he know anything yet about his recent bit of news.  There was a time when nothing of interest to the Third Reich could have occurred in Europe, or in the rest of the world for that matter, without Canaris somehow knowing about it.  But the old man’s cunning intuition was failing him at last, just as his hearing had failed him years ago.  His days as the vaunted spymaster of Germany were numbered, and Heydrich was poised and ready to take his place.  
But the over-confident Reichsprotektor of Bohemia and Moravia, and head of Germany’s ever expanding National Security Department, the SD, was forgetting one important detail.  He had been so focused on the old admiral’s failing hearing that he had completely forgotten about his sharp eyesight and keen ability to read lips.  Canaris may not have been able to hear the words spoken between Heydrich and his SS goon, but he could see them.  And one word was of particularly interest to him, a word he had not seen or heard spoken for a very long time.
The codename Vengeance.  
#
In the dead of night, the SS Wolf Corps arrived, their black leather flack jackets sparkling in the rain and their high-necked boots sending shivers down the marshal’s spine.  The marshal had been a German soldier for twenty-seven years.  He was a kingmaker from the Prussian school, complete with pointed helmet, silver cross and monocle.  He had seen German dictators come and go, but there was something especially unnerving about the Schutzstaffel, the SS as they were called throughout Europe.  And the SS Wolf Corps were the worst.  A secretive organization outside of the normal chain of Wehrmacht army command, they answered to no one but Reichsfuhrer Himmler, and that made them dangerous . . . even to true-blooded Germans like General Schmitt.  
The marshal might have felt more confident meeting the SS in his best uniform with his shiny bronze medals giving testament to his courage and loyalty to the Fatherland.  But, alas, his jacket had gone inexplicably missing in the night.  He was certain he had worn it today.  Where could it have gone?  Perhaps some overly enthusiastic corporal had taken it to be dry-cleaned.  Perhaps he was at this moment polishing the shiny bronze medals with dreams of promotion dancing in his thick head.  The marshal was not a man to suffer fools gladly.  Somebody was going to pay for this mistake with a quick trip to the Russian front. 
The SS colonel removed his wet, leather gloves and slapped them onto his hand like a whip.  “Where is the traitor?”
“Right this way, Commandant.”  The marshal walked quickly toward the infirmary, but spoke even quicker.  Despite his age and reputation as an honorable soldier, he could not restrain his nervousness.  “I don’t believe he is a traitor.  I personally witnessed his attack on an entire Spitfire squadron less than a mile away from the base.  He says he is a German spy from America.”
“I will be the judge of that,” the SS officer snapped.  His name was Colonel Hausenberg.  He did not introduce himself, but the marshal knew him by reputation—one off Himmler’s many SS lapdogs, although this one was more like a trained pit fighter, hungry for blood.
There was a time when Marshal Schmitt might have received some recognition for making such a catch—a pat on the back or a polite luncheon with the Fuhrer.  As little as a year ago, the marshal would have looked upon such an incident as perhaps a stepping stone to further advancement.  But nowadays, with the SS stomping all over the Third Reich, it was just too dangerous.  What if this were a British trick?  The marshal could be blamed for it.  He might even be brought up on charges or whisked off to some horrible dungeon in the middle of the night.  Stranger things had happened.   
Schmitt stopped in front of the infirmary doors and waited for the sentry to unlock them.  The SS officer was looking at his watch impatiently and the marshal felt compelled to voice his concerns.
“I hope, Colonel, that if this information proves useful, you might remember me to high command.  I would so much like to return to Berlin.  This Holland rain and bourgeois food are giving me gout.”  The sentry fumbled with the wrong key and Schmitt continued talking nervously.  “I wish I could tell you more about this mysterious pilot, but he was badly injured.  He was lucky to survive the landing.”
“Oh yes, marshal.  How did he receive such damage to his engine?”
The marshal froze.  “As I told you in the report, he took on a whole Spitfire squadron single-handedly.  He must have received the damage from them.”
“A mile away?  It was a miracle that he could make it to the runway.”
Schmitt squirmed under the colonel’s steely gaze and then the sentry thankfully found the right key and opened the infirmary doors. 
“You may wait here, marshal,” the colonel ordered.  The SS officer and his two Wolf Corps troopers marched confidently into the infirmary and Schmitt sighed with relief.  It was a feeling that wouldn’t last.  A moment later, an icy voice was calling to him from the other side of the infirmary doors.  
“Oh marshal, you may come in now.”  
Schmitt felt a wave of apprehension.  He entered the dim infirmary and his heart sank.  “I can’t understand it.”
“I assure you, marshal, neither can I.”
“But he was right here.  There has been a sentry at the door all night.”
The SS officer turned to the sentry who was now literally shaking in his boots.  “Has anyone been in or out of this room since the traitor was brought in?”  The sentry looked at the marshal questioningly.  “Speak up, soldier.”
“No one, sir.”
“You are absolutely positive?”
The sentry seemed to waver, his boyish eyelashes flickering with moisture.  “No one except the marshal, sir.”
“What do you mean?” Marshal Schmitt demanded.
The sentry turned to the marshal pleadingly.  “No one has come or gone from this room except you, sir.”
“Of course.  I brought the pilot into the infirmary,” the marshal explained to the SS officers.  “I was here when they bandaged his head and sponged his burns.  But then I left with the doctor.”
“And then you left again, sir.”  The moisture in the sentry’s eyes was threatening to become full fledged tears at any moment.  
“What are you talking about?  Have you lost your mind?”
“No, sir.”  A solitary tear, large and round, finally forced its way out of the young private’s left eye and onto his cheek.  He couldn’t have been a day over seventeen.  “I thought you had gone with the doctor, but then an hour later, I heard a knock from inside the infirmary.  I unlocked the door and there you were.”
Schmitt looked at the SS officer and shook his head in utter bewilderment, but the sentry, having once found his tongue, would not be silenced.
“You said the pilot was sleeping and not to be disturbed.  It was dark.  You had turned out the lights, but I knew it was you, marshal, because of your voice and because you were wearing your parade jacket with all the medals.”
Schmitt gasped.  The SS officer turned to him for an explanation, but he had none, or at least none that he was willing to share.


Chapter 1: Amsterdam
________________

Henrik Kessler arrived in Amsterdam just after eight.  He had been traveling all night across German occupied Holland and his feet were killing him.  Thankfully the marshal had big feet.  Better a shoe that was two sizes too big than two sizes too small.  The rest of the marshal’s uniform was equally useful and he had very little trouble convincing the local Gestapo that he was a man of great importance that must not be delayed.  His jacket had more medals on it than most divisions would receive in a year.  Henrik almost felt guilty for having stolen it.  The old general had obviously been a brave and honorable man at one time despite what he had become.  
“Papers?” asked the gate warden without looking up.  Henrik’s subsequent silence forced the warden to lift his head and then his eyes widened with sudden apprehension.  He stood immediately and saluted.  “Oh, I’m sorry, general.”
“Nonsense.  You were just doing your duty.”  Henrik feigned the heavy drawl and deep jowl of the marshal’s voice that effectively added ten years to his appearance.  It was a fun accent, not unlike his father’s Prussian growl.  He took a step and the warden coughed nervously.    
“Your papers, sir?” the warden asked again meekly.  So the young warden was not to be put off by a fancy uniform.  He had a job to do, and he was going to do it.
“Of course, son.”  Henrik smiled and reached under his jacket.  It had been a stroke of good luck that the old marshal had left his parade jacket in the infirmary.  After listening to Henrik’s wondrous tales of international intrigue and high adventure for several hours, the enraptured general had grown hot, removed his jacket and not noticed when Henrik had covered it with his bed covers.  
But a jacket and a convincing accent could only get him so far—just past the sentry in fact.  Henrik knew he had a long distance to travel that night and so he’d taken the time to break into the marshal’s office and pick up a few things—the marshal’s shoes, for instance, and his Luger pistol.  Even now as he reached under the marshal’s heavy jacket, he felt the comforting cold steel of the pistol against his fingertips.  It might come in handy yet, but not now.  
He released the gun.  Fortunately for the city gate warden, Henrik had also found a set of old travel papers, which he now handed over with great confidence.  They were out of date, but Henrik was able to fix that problem with a few well-placed smudges.  The warden gave the papers a cursory glance and then handed them back.
“Everything is in order, marshal.  You are free to go.”
“Why thank you, lieutenant.  Keep up the good work.  The Fatherland is counting on your vigilance.”
The warden smiled shyly and Henrik walked past him through the gate.
Amsterdam had changed a lot since he’d seen it last.  The beautiful spring tulips and geraniums that once decorated every windowsill, doorway and sidewalk café, were conspicuously absent.  The sound of children playing, the smell of fresh baked pastries, the call of the milkman making his daily rounds from the local dairy—all gone.  There was still business, but it was sedate and joyless under the ever watchful eye of armed German soldiers.  
In the back of his mind, Henrik had hoped that the German occupation of Holland would have been more peaceful, more of a political change rather than a social one.  He had hoped that the American newspapers were simply exaggerating the effects of the German invasion as part of the propaganda campaign against Hitler and the Third Reich.  But there was no denying his senses.  The evidence of martial law was everywhere.  The Dutch were an oppressed people under an intolerant military regime.
Despite his private meditations, Henrik continued to maintain his cover.  He marched down the Prince’s Canal with the confident stride of a proud German officer, his nose stuck in the air, an impatient and arrogant look in his eye, until he reached the Jewish quarter, the ghetto, and then he found it doubly hard not to show his true feelings.  This area had been hit worst of all.  
Large yellow stars were painted on the shop windows, at least the ones that weren’t broken.  Although it was already nine o’clock in the morning, the streets were virtually empty.  Those few citizens that were brave enough to venture out of doors, fled quickly at the sight of the German officer walking down their street.
After a few minutes, Henrik stopped before a small apartment complex.  He was relieved to see that here at least the residents had been spared the broken windows, although the yellow star was plainly visible on the heavy oak door.  He contemplated removing his jacket before ringing the doorbell but if anyone were watching, which was sure to be the case, they would find this behavior a bit odd for a high-ranking officer on official business.  So he left the jacket on and pulled the bell cord.  
The old brass bell made a loud noise that must have carried easily throughout the apartment, but no one came immediately to answer it.  Henrik rang it again and waited.  If only they would poke their heads out the window and see his face, they would know it wasn’t a raid.  He thought about calling out to them, but that again would be risking detection.  At last the door opened a crack and a diminutive old man looked up through half-blind eyes.  
“Yes, what is it?”
“Rabbi, it’s me, Henrik.”
The old man squinted, his weak eyes struggling to see past the sparkling medals and razor sharp creases of the marshal’s uniform, and then his wrinkles seemed to soften and his old eyes lightened.
“Henrik!  Is that really you?  But what is this uniform?  Are you a general now?”
“It’s a long story, Rabbi Jacobs.  May I come in?  Is Esther here?”
“Yes, yes, of course.”  The door opened wider and Henrik slipped inside furtively.  He gave the quiet street one last glance.  There were figures emerging again from the morning shadows.  Had they seen something out of place?  Would they report it?  Henrik closed the door.
Once inside the small apartment, Henrik was astonished by the degradation of the once elegant town home.  Gone were the gold lamp stands and brass coat hangars, the crystal chandelier and the bronze figurine at the foot of the stairs.  The sitting room was almost completely void of furniture except for an old mattress with sparse bed coverings.  The kitchen had an old table but only one chair with a broken leg.  Rabbi Jacobs waddled slowly to this chair and sat down.  It rocked precariously under him.
“Look who’s here, Esther,” the Rabbi said coyly but Esther was already peering shyly through the kitchen doorway.  She said nothing and Henrik felt immediately uncomfortable.  Her dress was old and tattered and there was a smudge of grease on her face.  She had grown thin, even thinner than she was when Henrik had seen her last three years ago.  He wondered if she was sick or had been eating properly.  Her eyes looked tired or sad, he was not sure which, but the sparkle of joy and teasing wit that Henrik had so loved was gone from them.
“Esther,” Henrik said softly.  He wanted to say more, but he felt his voice catch in his throat.  Esther said nothing at all.  She just looked at him, looked through him with those half sad, half angry, brown eyes.
When Henrik left Amsterdam almost three years ago, the Jacobs were a prosperous, middle-class family.  Esther’s father owned a small but prosperous engineering firm downtown and his wise business acumen had provided a good life for his wife, two daughters and aging father.  Esther and her older sister, Sarah, were enrolled in an ivy-league private school and had an active social life with plenty of male paramours.  
At their first meeting at the opera, Henrik had been more than a little intimidated by her confidence and stunning good looks.  It had taken him the overture and almost entire first act to work up the nerve to finally talk to her.  And when he did speak during the intermission, he could say little more than his name.  Fortunately, Esther spoke fluent German and was more than capable of carrying the conversation until Henrik finally regained his tongue.  And then they spoke openly about a wide range of topics—politics, religion, society, and especially American movies.  
Henrik found her to be a fascinating person and his attraction to her went far beyond her outward beauty.  As things grew more serious between them, he invited Esther to visit his father’s villa in the country.  Henrik’s father, who was a staunch German nationalist, did not openly discourage Henrik’s infatuation with the pretty Jewish girl, but he did warn his son to keep things casual. 
“Love is blind,” he would say, “but never forget who you are.”
Henrik did not pay much attention to his father’s proverbs, however.  As the months passed, they spent more and more time together and even became secretly engaged.  Henrik had fallen hopelessly and completely in love with the pretty Jewish girl.  Or perhaps he had already lost his heart that night at the opera when he first looked into her bright, intelligent eyes and saw the world through them.  Now he was seeing the world through those eyes again, but it was no longer a place of beauty and wonder.  Once again he was speechless, but for an entirely different reason.  He felt an uncomfortable tingle under his starched collar and looked away.
“Well?” Esther asked at last.  “Aren’t you going to say anything other than my name?”
Henrik coughed.  “You look nice.”
Esther flushed, rubbing at the grease on her cheek self-consciously.  “Go into the sitting room and wait for me.  I’m not . . .  I’ll only be a minute.”
Henrik nodded and walked obediently into the next room.  He didn’t wait long, but it seemed like an eternity.  He wondered who slept in this room now that it was no longer a sitting room.  And what had happened to all the furniture?  Henrik heard a noise behind him and turned around.  Esther was standing quietly in the doorway.  She was still wearing her old blue dress, but now her face was clean and her long, brown hair looked as if a comb had been hurriedly run through it. 
“Is that the same dress?  The one you wore at the opera?”  Henrik asked softly.
Esther played with the tattered sleeve.  “It’s the only nice dress I have left,” she said sadly and then she seemed to shake herself.  She looked up, but her gaze never made it past the medals on Henrik’s chest.  “It looks like you’ve done well for yourself, Henrik.  Only three years and you’re already a general.  I suppose even war can have a silver lining for some.”
“What?  No.”  Henrik suddenly remembered the marshal’s pompous uniform.  “It’s not mine.  I just needed it to get here.  I had to see you.”  Henrik took a step forward and Esther stiffened.  
“Henrik, what are you doing here?”  She seemed impatient, almost angry and Henrik wondered what he had done to offend her.  He thought she would be happy to see him.  He had hoped that she would fall into his arms.  In fact, his plan depended on it.  He didn’t have time to waste with idle chatter.  She had to trust him, and she had to do it now.
“I told you.  I had to see you.”  He didn’t know how else to say it, not with her like this—so cold and unresponsive.  “Esther,” he pleaded, “what happened?”
“What happened?” she mocked.  “What do you think happened?  The war happened.  The Germans invaded.”
“Yes, I know that.  That’s why I came back—to get you out of here.  I hoped things would have gone better, but—” 
“Gone better?”  Esther laughed harshly.  Henrik had never seen her act like this before.  It scared him.  “How could they have gone better?  You mean you don’t like the way the Gestapo has redecorated our houses and clothes with the Star of David?  Or perhaps you are referring to the expropriation of my father’s business, or the polite way they removed me and Sarah from school, and from the library, and from the cinema and from every other aspect of society.”  Her words dripped with bitter sarcasm.
“Come now, Esther.  I know things are hard but . . .”
“No you don’t, Henrik, because you left.  Remember?  You said goodbye and you left.” 
Henrik was struck dumb again and his surprise registered on Esther’s face.  She turned quickly and wiped away an angry tear before it had time to bloom on her cheek like an ill born rosebud in January.
“I had to leave.  You know that,” Henrik protested weakly to Esther’s back, but he was not sure that she even heard him.
“Perhaps you should just go,” Esther said slowly.
“Not without you.”
“Just like that.  You don’t know what you’re talking about.  I can’t leave.  Do you think we would still be here if we could leave.  There are soldiers on every road.  We’re prisoners in our own city.”
“I know that, but I’ve made plans.  I can get you out.”
“You’ve been gone for three years and now I’m supposed to just pack up and leave with you.  And what about my family?”
Henrik didn’t answer.  His plans didn’t include the family.  It was hard enough just to smuggle one Jew out of Europe, never mind four.  Esther turned to face Henrik and he was surprised that there were no tears left in her eyes.
“I won’t leave without my family, Henrik.  Maybe I loved you once, but they mean everything to me.”
Henrik didn’t know what to say.  He had meticulously planned this operation right down to the last detail, his insertion, his cover, and the procurement of transportation for their eventual escape.  But one thing he had not planned for was Esther’s stubbornness.  What was he supposed to do now?  Throw her over his shoulder kicking and screaming and run away with her?  
Everything hinged on the assumption that she still loved him.  If she did not, then all was lost.  He should abort now before it was too late, but he couldn’t leave without her.  There had to be a way.  As Henrik searched his heart for one final argument to win her over, the old Rabbi popped his gray head around the corner.
“No!  No!  Esther you must go with him.”  The old man shuffled into the sitting room oblivious of any impropriety at having eavesdropped on their private conversation.
“No, Grandfather, I will not.  I will not leave you and Sarah and father.  I will not!”
“But Esther, you must.  You must survive.  I am an old man, and your father would want you to live.”
“And Sarah?” 
“If Sarah were given this chance and not you, I would tell her the same.  At least one of us must survive this horrible tragedy.  Go with Henrik.  He is a good man and he will take care of you.”
“How can you say that, Grandfather?  You never liked Henrik before.  You and momma always said I should stick to my own people.  God’s people, you called us like we were somehow special.  Now what are we, Rabbi?”
The wrinkles on Rabbi Jacob’s face squished together like a spider caught in its own web, but his embarrassment did not last long.  He seemed desperate to save his granddaughter.  “That was different.  Things were different.  But this is life, Esther.  Whatever the Almighty’s purpose in all this tragedy, I cannot know.  But I do know this.  We must choose life.  You must choose to live.”
“No!” Esther screamed and then the tears did come to her eyes.  She seemed immediately embarrassed and angered by them and covered her face with her hands.  Henrik reached for her but she shook off his grasp and ran up the stairs.  He watched her go, unsure of what to do.  Was this the last he would ever see of her?  He felt the Rabbi’s weak hand on his shoulder.
“Come back tomorrow,” he said in a low but comforting voice.  “David and Sarah will be back from the black market by then and they will have a talk with her.  They will convince her to go with you.  Together we will convince her.  Don’t worry.  You will see.”  Rabbi Jacobs patted Henrik on the shoulder. 
“I would get you all out if I could.  It’s just . . .”
“I know you would.  You’ll do what you can.  We all must do what we can.”  The Rabbi walked slowly into the kitchen leaving Henrik to find his own way out.


Chapter 2: Sea Serpent
________________

Henrik made little attempt to imitate the confident stride of a German officer as he wandered slowly down the quiet Jewish ghetto.  It no longer mattered to him whether his cover held up under the suspicious scrutiny of the shifty onlookers in the shadows of broken doorways.  If Esther would not come with him, all was for naught.  He had one thought on his mind now.  
Would Ober wait?  
He must wait.  Henrik would make him wait.  He had to.  The thought gave Henrik new purpose and he quickened his pace as he turned onto the Prince’s Canal walkway.  He had one last card to play, and he would run up the pot until it broke the bank.
After twenty minutes of brisk walking, he reached the IJ, Amsterdam’s busy waterfront.  Commercial traffic had diminished greatly in the harbor since Germany’s invasion, but the navy more than filled the extra space.  Amsterdam’s strategic importance as a Baltic seaport was the main reason Holland was invaded in the first place.  
It certainly wasn’t the tulips.  
While the increased military presence made it difficult for Henrik to insert himself back into the country, it also provided a surefire route for his escape, especially for a man with his connections.  The port wardens would undoubtedly take note of an unusual merchant vessel coming or going out of the harbor, but not a military vessel.  They were like sand on the seashore.  Henrik counted 21 at Dock 17 alone, and those were just the ones he could see—the tip of the iceberg.  Others, he knew, lurked below the surface.
Henrik turned down a shady alley filled with empty warehouses and broken-down shacks.  By now, the sun was well on its way to reaching its apex over the Netherlands, but the sunlight did not seem to find its way into this dingy, forgotten alley without a name.  It was damp, dark and musty.  In corners, mold clung to the underside of railings and vacant barrels.  Even the rats seemed to avoid the place, choosing busier, more profitable nooks and crannies by the docks.  Henrik cast a furtive glance up and down the alley one last time, but it was just as desolate now as it had been three years ago when he’d first discovered it.  
The perfect hiding spot.  
He descended a rickety, wooden staircase that led down to a cellar beneath the dingiest of the dingy clapboard shacks that lined the alley.  He kicked open a half-rotting door.  The rusted iron lock snapped immediately and the ancient door creaked open on its rust-red hinges, threatening to crumble completely.  
Nothing had changed in the little crawlspace.  The two-way radio was still packed in its dusty wooden crate in the corner, the travel documents, change of clothes, and stash of canned rations still hidden beneath the floorboards, untouched.  But most importantly, the tunnel entrance remained undiscovered, sealed behind a makeshift wall of redbrick and mortar.  All the rest could be replaced, but if this secret were discovered, there would be no escape for anyone.
Henrik pried open the wooden crate and dusted off the two-way radio.  He gave the little built-in generator a few vigorous spins and cranked up the volume.  He was receiving a signal.  The thing still worked.  He tuned into the predetermined frequency, 32 megahertz.  It was nothing but static and probably would be for quite some time.  
No one used this bandwidth in this part of the world.  That’s why Henrik had chosen it.  But someone would be using it today, or at least he hoped so.  There was always the chance that Ober would turn tail.  He was prone that way.  Henrik cracked open a can of peaches with his Sheffield knife and settled down on the empty crate for what would most likely be a long wait.
It was nearly evening before Henrik heard anything over the radio, and by then he was struggling to keep his ears and eyes open.  He hadn’t slept in thirty-six hours and he’d walked nearly twenty miles that morning.  He was tired and needed sleep.  But no one could have slept through the piercing, high-pitched wail that sounded over his radio.  Henrik rolled off the crate and fumbled for the volume control.  All he needed now was for some passing junior sentry to hear the noise outside and wander in on him.  And then, as the British would say, the game would be up.
After a few minutes, the signal became less erratic.  With his ear pressed to the receiver, Henrik listened to what might have been the inklings of German words, or just random static.  It was hard to tell.  The ears sometimes played tricks on you, let you hear what you wanted to hear.  It was a phenomenon well known to radio operators.  Flying over the pacific in a B-2 bomber, an American Navy gunner in Henrik’s old squadron once heard Handel’s Messiah broadcasting from his radio set as clear as a bell.  He’d even sung along with the baritones for a few bars.  Of course, he’d lost a lot of blood from a bullet wound to his thigh, and his damaged engine was pumping carbon dioxide directly into his lungs, but weeks later in the hospital he still swore he heard what he heard.  
Henrik fiddled with the reception a little and the static became less pronounced.  There was definitely someone on the other end of this bandwidth.  But was it Ober?  Henrik tried a tentative hail and waited.  “Little Fox to Sea Serpent.”  Static answered.  He tried again.  “Little Fox to Sea Serpent, do you read me?”
“Serp—”
Did he hear that, or was it just the libretto from the Messiah?  Henrik waited.  He dared not say too much over the airwaves.  Germany had thousands of ears monitoring communications over the Baltic.  They probably wouldn’t pay much attention to the odd hail in German on an unstable bandwidth, but it didn’t hurt to be cautious.
“Sea Serpent to Little Fox.  Sea Serpent to Little Fox, I read you.”
Now Henrik was certain his ears weren’t just playing tricks on him.  It was Ober.  The scoundrel had more steel than he’d given him credit for.  Or maybe it was just greed.  He wasn’t doing this for free after all.  Henrik turned up the volume and keyed the mike.
“Little Fox to Sea Serpent, I am reading you.  I am reading you.”
Static.
“Sea Serpent to Little Fox, is the package in the hole?”  Just like Ober.  Abrupt and to the point.  Henrik took a breath before responding.  
“Negative.  I say again.  Negative.”  This was the moment Henrik had been waiting for with dread.  How would Ober take the bad news?  He was no saint and surely no martyr.  Henrik waited but there was no answer.  Ober was going yellow.  “Does the Serpent have faith?  Remember Christ’s return after the millennium.”
Static.  
“I say again.  Watch for Christ’s return after the millennium.  Reply.”
No answer.
Henrik waited ten seconds, a minute.  Nothing but static.  That was it.  Ober, that spineless old sea serpent had turned tail.  He wouldn’t answer, but he might still be listening.  Henrik had his final card to play.  He cranked up the wattage.  He wanted his last words to be heard.
“The double-headed snake better watch his six,” he yelled over the mike, “or Little Fox tells all.  Do you hear me, Ober?  Little Fox tells all.” 
Static answered.  Henrik swore angrily and threw the microphone onto the floor.  Dust rose up from the splintered floorboards in silent protest.
#
Two miles away in the Jewish ghetto, Esther retreated to her bedroom and fought back the urge to break into tears.  She opened her dresser drawers.  The drawers used to be full, crammed to bursting with the latest fashions practically before they hit the stores in downtown Amsterdam.  Now they were mostly empty save for a few odd pieces of clothing that the Dutch Christians had donated to their poor Jewish neighbors, with their sympathetic words and sad looks of pity. 
But she wasn’t looking for clothes.  
Deep in the back of the bottom drawer was a picture with a heavy wooden frame, a picture she’d hidden away three years ago, promising never to look at it again.  She pulled it out.  Her eyes filled immediately with tears, and all the floodgates in all of the Netherlands could not have held them back.  He had returned.  After three long years, Henrik had returned.  
How many nights had she lain down on her pathetic bed with its broken springs and cried herself to sleep, praying in vain for Henrik to return and save her.  And God had finally answered her prayers.  But why now?  Where was he when the German army was massing at the border, or when they swept through the streets like a plague of locusts, with their tanks and Tommy guns?  Where was Henrik when they expelled her from the university and kicked her sister out of school?  Where was Henrik when they expropriated her father’s business, closed the synagogue and branded her home and clothes with yellow stars?  
And then one day he just comes waltzing through her front door in a general’s uniform as if no time had passed, and asks her to run away with him, to leave her sister, and her father, and her grandfather trapped like rats behind barbed wire.  Esther felt the rage and bitterness boil up inside her like a volcano, and she threw the picture against the wall with all her might.  She heard the glass shatter and the picture slide down the wall behind the dresser, out of sight.  She put her face in her hands and sobbed uncontrollably.
Downstairs in the Jacobs’ feeble kitchen, Eli Jacobs was just sitting down to a cold bowl of chicken broth when he heard the crash of Esther’s picture upstairs.  Dire scenarios immediately entered his tortured mind.  His family had seen so many horrible events over the past few years, endured so many hardships, that it was hard not to fear the worst at the slightest commotion.  He sprang immediately up from the table and ascended the stairs two at a time.  Sarah was already standing in front of Esther’s bedroom with a worried look on her face.
“It’s Esther,” she said.  “She broke something, I think.  She won’t open the door.”
“Is she all right?”
“I don’t know.”
Eli’s father came out of the sitting room rubbing his eyes.  “What’s the matter?” he called up the stairs.  “Is everything all right?  I heard a crash.”
“Yes, father.  Everything’s fine.  Go back to bed.”
“But what was that noise?  Is something broken?”  He said and then immediately began the long journey to the bedroom one stair at a time.  Eli’s father slept in the sitting room because he was getting too old to navigate the stairs every morning and evening.  Even before the war started Eli tried to move his father to a sanitarium in Switzerland for his health, but the old Rabbi refused.  He wouldn’t leave his family.  
And now it was too late.  
Eli looked down at his father slowly climbing the stairs.  He wanted to tell him to return to the sitting room, that he would handle it, but he knew it was pointless to argue with him.  There would be no stopping the old Rabbi until he had dug to the very depths of this latest drama.  So Eli turned his attention back to the closed bedroom door.
“Esther,” he said, knocking softly.  “Is everything all right?”
There was no answer, but after a moment, the door opened.  Esther’s eyes were red, but the tears were wiped away.  “It was nothing.  I was just getting my nightgown out from the drawer and I knocked a picture down behind my dresser.  The glass broke.  That’s all.  It was nothing.  Don’t worry so much.”  
Eli tried to see past those sad, red eyes into Esther’s heart, but her emotional armor was too thick.  She had her grandfather’s soul.  Gentle as lambs, they were, but wise as serpents.
“Oh, that’s all.”  He laughed unconvincingly.  “How silly of me.  I jump at the sound of rain these days.  Here.  Let me get it for you.”  He took a step into the bedroom but Esther stopped him.
“No!” she said forcefully, and then her tone softened.  “It’ll keep until morning.  Besides, I’m already dressed for bed.  Goodnight, father.”  She was not actually dressed for bed.  She had just thrown her robe over her dress, but she wanted her father to leave.  She craned her head around the doorframe to see where Sarah was hiding around the corner.  “Goodnight, Sarah,” she called out a little louder so Sarah would hear.
“Goodnight,” Sarah snapped back and then returned to her own bedroom reluctantly.  By now Eli’s father had made it to the top of the stairs.  He rested against the banister with a look of curious expectation on his wrinkled, ancient face.
“Goodnight, Grandfather,” Esther said and then walked back into her bedroom and sat down on her bed.
“Goodnight, my dear.”  Grandfather looked at his son for an explanation, but Eli just shook his head.  
“She just dropped a picture,” he explained.
“Dropped a picture?  Oh, is that all?” he shrugged and turned around to begin the long journey back to his mattress in the sitting room.  There was a time when the Jacobs family owned three houses—a summer chalet in the country, a five-bedroom home in Berlin, and a three-bedroom town home in Amsterdam that they reserved for guests and business.  Now only the town home was there’s, and that only because it was smack-dab in the center of what became, after the German occupation, the Jewish ghetto.  
Eli watched his father descend the stairs and then walked into his daughter’s room.  “Oh, Esther,” he said softly.  “I heard you had a visitor today.”
Esther was silent.  It would have been rude not to answer her father completely so she half nodded, and then busied herself with pulling down her tattered bed covers and climbing into bed, her dress still on.  “I’m really quite tired,” she lied.
“I know, dear, but I have something important to tell you and it can’t wait.  You know . . .” he faltered.  “You know I love you, Esther.”
Esther was surprised by this admission and looked up at her father.  It wasn’t that Eli never told his daughters that he loved them.  He had often when they were young, but just not for a very long time.  Ever since his wife died, Eli found it painful to express his emotions, even to feel them.  So he just shut them off, hid them away in some dark corner of his heart with the hope that one day, in better times, he would be able to visit them again.  But to Esther, those words “I love you” were almost enough to fill her eyes with tears again . . . almost.  She looked down at the tattered bed covers, willing herself not to cry.
“I would be lying if I said I wanted you to go with Henrik.  It’s not that he is not a good man.  I believe, in his heart, he is.  But I want you to stay with me and your sister and your grandfather.  I want us to be together.”
“Really, father?” Esther looked up with relief.  She had expected a fight, a real battle.  He would not yell, or even raise his voice.  She knew that.  But she had expected him to attack her with the weight of reason, argument upon argument, precept upon precept, line upon line.  He would not cease his appeals until she was forced to yield to his way of thinking, as she had so many times in the past.  She had steeled herself for this contest, determining beforehand not to give in, to be strong, even stubborn past the point of all reason.  No matter what he said she would not leave her family.  
“Is that what you really think?” she asked again, hardly able to believe her own ears, and even as she said it, a cloud of doubt entered her mind.  She thought of the broken picture behind the dresser.  She thought of her broken dreams for the future.  She thought of Henrik.
“Yes, Esther.  That is what I want.”  He did not look happy.  His face was a blank page, impossible to read.  “But that is not what will happen.  Even now, Jews are being rounded up and taken in the night.  It happened to the Abrams last week.  It will happen to us soon.  They will come and take us away to the work camps.”
“No, father.”
“Yes.  It will happen.  It is only a matter of time.  And now it’s too late to run away.  We are prisoners in our own city.  They will come for us and then they will separate us.”  Esther shook her head, but said nothing.  “So I have to ask myself.  Would I rather have Henrik take you from me, or Hitler?”
“No, father.”  Her voice was little more than a whimper, the cry of some small animal.  
“Pack a bag, Esther.  Put your things in it, your clothes, your letters, and your memories.”  He spoke calmly, without sadness or anger.  “In the morning, your young man will come for you, and you will leave with him.  God willing, we will see you again after this nightmare is all over.  If not, then you will carry our spirits with you.  You must survive, Esther.  You must live on, for all of us.  Above all else, you must live.”
Esther wanted to say more, to argue with her father as an equal, but what else could she say?  His words were the truth, clear as diamonds.  Once again she had been defeated by his wisdom, and without so much as an intelligible word of protest.  She lowered her head and quietly cursed her weakness.  
Little did she know that her father was not right.  He had made a dire miscalculation.  For outside the ghetto, as the last rays of sunlight were failing beneath the western horizon, an evil force was gathering.  There would be no morning reprieve for Esther or any other Jew in Amsterdam.  The Gestapo was already on its way.  


Chapter 3: Double Agent
________________

Henrik waited until dark before venturing out into the alley.  Ober never answered his final challenge, but that didn’t surprise Henrik.  Either he would return tomorrow or he wouldn’t.  There was a lot riding on it either way.  Ober was a double agent, hence the double-headed serpent.  But he was cheating both sides for a rather tidy sum.  So if Little Fox did decide to tell all, Ober’s life wouldn’t be worth a bottle of cheap German beer.
On the other hand, if he did return, the ten pounds of gold bullion that Henrik would pay him would go a long way to ease his conscience.  Henrik was taking a bit of a risk by announcing the time of the rendezvous over the radio.  If anyone were listening, it wouldn’t take much skill to decode his simple code, especially if they were the least bit religious.  The key was an odd verse in the Bible that read, “One day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.”  Ober wasn’t particularly religious, far from it, but Henrik was confident he would figure it out.  Greed had a way of increasing certain men’s spiritual acumen.  But did Ober have enough guts to hang around for an extra day?  That was the real question.  Luckily for Henrik, greed had a way of increasing that virtue as well.
After only a few minutes, Henrik found himself retracing his steps back along the canal to the Jewish ghetto.  It wasn’t that he didn’t have other places to go.  He had lived just outside Amsterdam for three years.  His father’s chalet was only ten miles away in the country.  But there was just no other place that he wanted to go, not even home.  He was here for one reason and one reason alone, and that reason was waiting for him in the Jewish ghetto.  Nothing else mattered.  The Rabbi had told him to come back tomorrow, but surely Esther’s father and sister had returned by now.  They would help him convince her.  The sooner he got her out of that dreary place the better.  Ober wouldn’t wait around forever, no matter how much gold he was offered.
As soon as he approached the Jewish ghetto, Henrik knew something was wrong.  There was no sentry posted by the gate or in the streets.  There was evidence of some recent violent activity—broken windows, bits of clothing on the sidewalks, luggage, odd personal possessions, even bloodstains—but no people.  The door to Esther’s town house was ajar and the building had a silent, vacant quality about it.  Henrik entered warily, his Luger drawn.  
The place had obviously been ransacked, the dining table overturned, the Rabbi’s wobbly old chair broken.  The mattress in the sitting room had been cut open roughly as if some soldier had sought treasure there, but there was none to be found.  The Jacobs family had spent the last of their treasure months ago just to buy food.  This probably angered the greedy soldiers all the more because they seemed to take great pleasure in marking the walls with their bayonets and destroying every last piece of property in the house.  
Henrik toured the upstairs bedrooms in the dark, pausing only to push aside an old dresser that blocked the door to Esther’s room.  And that was when he saw it—the picture.  It was in a shattered picture frame on the floor behind the dresser.  Henrik wondered what it was doing there.  But then again, the whole house was out of place.  Why not an old picture?  It could have fallen when the soldiers overturned the dresser, or anytime before then.  Who hadn’t dropped a picture behind a dresser?  
But not this picture.
He dusted off the broken glass.  It was too dark in the upstairs rooms with the black shades drawn to see clearly, so he put away his Luger and descended the stairs.  He walked back into the sitting room where the streetlights shone dimly through the broken front window, and then Esther’s bright, intelligent eyes captured him, just as they had three years ago when the picture was taken.  
He remembered the exact day in April with the budding tulips turning miles and miles of green fields a deep violet.  He hardly recognized the happy young man who stood beside her.  It was maybe the last day of innocence for the both of them, before he’d learned of his deep cover mission to America, and the first glimmer of his ambition reared its ugly head.  
She had kept the picture all this time.  And now it was all he had left of her.
“Lieutenant Douglas?”  The voice came from the open doorway where a tall officer stood in dark silhouette.  Henrik’s mind was wrenched violently into the present.  He had no time to grieve.  He was in enemy territory.
“I do not know this name,” he said with a heavy jowl masking his voice.  “I am Field Marshal Schmitt of the—”
“I know who you are.”  A ribbon of cigarette smoke rose up over the man’s head joining his silhouette to the ceiling in one, thin, dark line.  “I have been waiting for you all night.  I would have killed you earlier, but you intrigued me.  What is your attachment to this place?  A woman perhaps?”
Henrik’s fingers crept slowly under his jacket and then he felt, not heard, a bullet pass inches from his elbow and burry itself neatly into the Rabbi’s torn mattress.  And now Henrik could see another ribbon of smoke rising, this time from the end of a long-barreled silencer.
“Thumb and index finger only, please.  Place your weapon on the floor and kick it to me.”
Henrik complied, flicking the safety off deftly with his thumb.  The marshal’s Luger hit the floor hard and went off with a deafening bang.  The silhouette flinched and Henrik was on him.  The tall officer staggered back, firing blind.  Two more silent rounds found their way into the wretched mattress and then the pistol fell to the floor with a thud.  
The two men struggled silently in the dark for several minutes.  They were perhaps equal in strength and training, each attack being met with a measured and precise counter.  It was cold, emotionless combat, like a finely choreographed but deadly ballet.  With a sudden backward lunge, the officer broke free of Henrik’s wristlock and reached for his pistol.  
It appeared that he would be the eventual victor of this contest, a contest that, based on mere skill alone, could have gone either way.  But when he turned back to fire, he felt a steel blade penetrate the flesh of his left shoulder, slicing his tendon.  The pistol fell to the floor unfired and the officer staggered back.  He lost his balance and fell prostrate onto the ripped mattress, clutching his useless left arm with his right.
Apparently the Luger was not Henrik’s only weapon.  He twisted the Sheffield knife in the wound.  The officer howled in pain, but made no move to resist.  Pain had completely overwhelmed his nervous system.  Henrik removed the knife gingerly and wiped the blood on the officer’s jacket.  Apparently Henrik’s attacker was a Luftwaffe major, although Henrik did not recognize the squadron insignia.  
The major’s eyes were closed and he was breathing heavily.  He would probably pass out in a few seconds.  Henrik wondered if he shouldn’t just put the poor man out of his misery, a quick coup de grace for a worthy opponent.  But then the officer spoke.
“The match is yours, Douglas,” he said in English.  “Jolly good show.”  And then he was gone.
When the major awoke, his jacket was off and his hands were tied, but his wound had been cleaned and dressed.  He tasted tobacco on his lips and coughed.  Henrik was holding a cigarette in front of his face.
“You want some more?” Henrik asked in English.
“Yes, please.”  He took a long drag and coughed again.  “Thank you, Yank.  You’re much too kind, for an assassin.”  The major tried to laugh but only managed to cough again.  His wound was on fire.  
“You’re not going to pass out on me again, are you?  I have some questions that need answering.  Who are you and what’s your business with me?”
The major shook his head slowly and Henrik ripped the bandage off his shoulder.  The major winced, breaking into a bitter litany of German cuss words.  Then he looked directly up at Henrik with brave defiance in his eyes.
“Quid pro quo, lieutenant,” he said through gritted teeth.
Henrik leaned back against the mattress.  There was a surreal calmness to the whole procedure.  No panic or desperate pleading for life.  They were professionals, just two paid killers on the job coming to a temporary agreement.  
“All right, major.  Have it your way.  As I’m not likely to leave you alive for much longer, it really doesn’t matter what I tell you.  Yes.  I came here to see a girl.”
“And you’re in love with her?”
Henrik turned the cigarette around and poked it into the major’s wound.  It sizzled sickeningly and the major let out an angry wail.  “Now, now.  You’re breaking the rules,” Henrik said calmly.  “It’s your turn.  I don’t even know your name.”
The major swore viciously.  “My bloody name is Commander Neils Hollingsworth of Her bloody Majesty’s bloody Rifles, First Brigade.”
“British commandos.”  Henrik smiled.  “See?  Isn’t that better?  And now I will answer your question.  Yes, I’m in love with her.”  Henrik said the words without thinking and surprised himself.  He’d never said them before, not even to Esther.  Perhaps he’d never even thought them, never actually articulated them in his mind.  But now that he’d said them, he knew that they were true.  He was in love with Esther with all of his heart.  But it was too late.  She was gone forever.  And the only person that would ever know of his love for her was a killer, just like himself.  Henrik turned suddenly hard.
“What do you want with me?”
“Oh, but lieutenant, I already told you that.  I’m here to kill you.”  Now it was the commando’s turn to play coy.  He laughed bitterly and Henrik was tempted to poke the burning cigarette back into his wounded shoulder.  He resisted the urge.  He needed to stay cool and keep the effusive British commando talking.  That wasn’t too hard to do.  Neils seemed to be enjoying himself.  
“But seeing you wasted your question,” he continued, “let me save you the trouble of asking another.  Major Harris was my mate, and you killed him, a man with a wife and children, a man more honorable than both of us put together.  I was reassigned from my current mission to hunt you down.  No stipulations, no retrievals, no explanations, just dead.  And I jumped at the chance.”
“You did a bang-up job.”
Hollingsworth’s eyes turned cold for a tense moment.  Fate had dealt them both a foul turn, and now here they sat, two killers in a dark room.  
“Where do you want it?” Henrik asked kindly.
“You know, I’ve been thinking.  Perhaps I could do you a favor.”
“Now you’re just stalling.  Don’t degrade yourself.”  Henrik reached for the British paratrooper’s pistol with the long silencer.  “Better to end it quickly, with your honor still intact.”
“Suit yourself,” he responded calmly, “but I know where she is.”
“Who?” Henrik asked reflexively.  He already knew the answer.  He should fire before the trooper had a chance to reel him in.  Nothing good would come of this.  He was just weaving a lie to save his own skin.  There was nothing to it.
“I could help you find her, rescue her.  It’s not too late.  I know where she’s going.”
“You don’t even know her name.”
“Esther Jacobs, daughter of Eli Jacobs.  Her sister is Sarah and her mother, Rachel, passed away in a car accident four years ago.  And then there’s the old Rabbi, Zelman Jacobs.”
“That doesn’t mean anything.”  Henrik stood up and leveled the pistol at Neils’ forehead.  The trooper didn’t even blink.
“Westerbork, but you’ll never find her without my help.  Thousands of Jews pass through that camp every month, and she won’t be there long.”
Henrik felt his hand shaking.  He didn’t want to lower the pistol because then he really would be lost, lost in a web of lies from which he would never escape.  He would run and run and run, but never find the end of them.  But the longer he held the pistol to the commando’s forehead, the more it shook.
We could work together on this.  It’s not too late.  They’ll process her first.  That will take some time.  And then comes the selection.  They keep meticulous records, and I have access to some of them.  It’s part of my cover.”
They were lies, all lies, and Henrik knew it.  He struggled a second longer, but he just could not will himself to pull the trigger.  He’d killed a dozen men without the slightest hesitation and in much more difficult situations, but now he couldn’t even contract a simple tendon in his index finger by just a few mere millimeters.  
With a disgusted sigh, he lowered the pistol and in that instant knew he was damned.  To his credit, the British commando showed no sign of triumph or relief.  He simply carried on with his pitch as if his life had never been part of the equation in the first place.
“You’ll have to come in from the cold, as it were, and then I’ll contact you with her last known location.”
“How?”
“To Reich Command I’m known as Luftwaffe Major Friedrick Koch.  It’s my cover, probably the best we’ve ever had in Germany.  But I’m not SS.  I can’t get in deep enough.  But you could.  You are already part of the German intelligence community, a deep cover agent and a war hero.”  
The Brit’s plot was building to a climax, but Henrik was already dreading the denouement.  “You could dig deep into the heart of the SS, the SD and the Abwehr and find out things that I could only dream about.  Then, and only then, could I help you find your Jewish princess.  Quid pro quo.”
Henrik heard the distinctive grind of a heavy half-track truck approaching outside.  They had found him, the Gestapo or perhaps the SS.  His time was up.  The Sheffield knife appeared in his hand as if by magic.  The paratrooper’s eyes widened with surprise and his heated pitch came to an abrupt end.  Henrik weighed the blade in his palm for a long moment pondering whether to slit the trooper’s throat or cut his bonds.  
Outside, the sound of approaching soldiers grew louder.  There were a lot of them, maybe a whole squad.  Henrik was rapidly running out of options.  Kill and run or stay and play the commando’s game.  Almost reluctantly, he opted for the latter choice.  With a quick flick of Henrik’s knife, Neils’ ropes were cut.  He stood up slowly, rubbing his wrists, still uncertain as to whether he would live or die in the next second.   
“You’ll need this,” Henrik said, handing Neils the pistol and stuffing the blade back in his pocket.  Whichever way it went, Henrik was fully committed now.  He put his empty hands behind his head and turned to face the door.


Chapter 4: SS
________________

Henrik was taken immediately to Gestapo headquarters and placed in a solitary detention cell.  He was treated quite gingerly, which indicated they had something special planned for him.  Henrik was not looking forward to that, but at least he had some time to think.  He needed to think.  Things had gone so very wrong.  A dogfight with British Spitfires.  Being shot down by his own countrymen and by his fiancé.  Not to mention a British spy that was out for his blood.  None of this was supposed to happen.
Major Koch had put on quite a show on the way downtown, explaining in fluent German how he’d single-handedly captured the American spy, following him to the Jewish quarter after noticing his suspicious behavior down by the docks.  That much was probably true, and Henrik secretly worried that the British spy might find the tunnel entrance.  But at the moment, the tunnel was perhaps the least of Henrik’s problems.
The cell door opened and two dark-eyed soldiers entered.  They were SS and not the same Gestapo that had apprehended him in the Jewish ghetto.  These wore long, black uniforms with silver deaths-heads embroidered on their sleeves and collars.  They seemed older and eerily sanguine, like ghosts in a gothic tale.  And yet they were not officers with full rank, only NCOs.  The big one was a sergeant, and the smaller a sergeant major second class.  The small soldier sat down on the metal chair facing Henrik while the other went immediately around behind Henrik and began slowly removing his leather gloves.
“Herr Schliemann,” the tall soldier joked loudly behind Henrik’s back, “I think we’ve found the marshal’s jacket.”
“I’m sure he will be grateful,” Schliemann responded.  “Look at all those medals.  Are these your medals, dumb head?”
Before Henrik could answer, the tall soldier whipped Henrik’s ears with his leather gloves.  “Answer him, dumb head.”
“Are you a general in the German army?  I don’t think so.  Wehrmacht generals are all fat.”
Again with the gloves.  Henrik heard a ringing in his ears, but he said nothing.
“Herr Klein, I think we have a tough guy.  Are you a tough guy?”
Henrik braced himself for another blow.  His hands were cuffed to the back of the metal chair and his ankles bound in manacles to the chair legs, but this time he was determined not to take it sitting down, at least figuratively speaking.  At the last moment before the blow landed, he tipped his chair and snapped his head back, crashing hard into Herr Klein’s unprotected groin.  The SS brute fell back groaning.  In a flash, Schliemann had his Luger drawn and leveled at Henrik’s head.
“I don’t think you want to do that, Herr Schliemann.  If a bullet from your gun somehow found its way into my skull, the Fuhrer would lose his prize, and you would most certainly lose your life.”
“His prize?”  Schliemann raised an eyebrow.
“Information.”
Schliemann smiled.  “But my friend that is precisely why we are here.  Have no fear.  I’m not going to shoot you with this gun.  I’m going to beat you with it.”  Schliemann raised the gun to strike.  
“No.  Let me do it,” Klein scrambled to his feet, preparing to exact revenge for his wounded testicles.  Henrik would have to cut this drama short before he suffered permanent injury.
“Manhattan,” he said quickly.  Schliemann held up his hand and Klein reluctantly stopped his attack mid-swing.
“Is that supposed to mean something?  Perhaps you had better elaborate before my associate goes to work on your head.  He was a champion pugilist in Austria until he killed his opponent in the ring, accidentally of course.  But he does so much enjoy his sport.”
“I’ll say nothing more until I meet with the Reichsfuhrer in person.  And if my memory is a little foggy with concussion by then, I’m sure you’ll be prepared for the consequences.”
Henrik heard Klein winding up behind him and cringed.  But the blow never landed.  The two SS non-commissioned officers walked silently out of the cell and Henrik breathed a sigh of relief.  An hour later, they returned with a third man, a tall SS officer with a long sallow face, piercing blue eyes and plenty of brass medals on his chest.  
“I understand you have some information for the Reichsfuhrer,” he said in a clipped, high-pitched voice that somehow matched his goat-like appearance.  “Will you give this information to me?”
“Who are you?”
The officer smiled, a smile without warmth or humor, and Henrik sensed that there was something hollow about the man, a coldness of death that broached no human kindness even at the basest and most elemental level.  Henrik felt his skin crawl.
“You must have been gone a long time, lieutenant.  I am Obergruppenfuhrer Reinhard Heydrich, Reichsprotektor of Bohemia and Moravia and head of SD.  I can assure you that you will get no closer to the Reichsfuhrer unless you speak to me.”  Heydrich sat down in the same metal chair Schliemann had occupied an hour ago.  Schliemann and Klein stood behind him at strict attention.
“Manhattan.”
“Yes, that was the word that brought me here.  Will you say more?”  Heydrich spoke kindly, like a father to a young child, although the two men were about the same age.  It made Henrik feel eerily uncomfortable.
“May I have a cigarette?”
“Of course.”  Heydrich nodded to Klein.  The tall SS goon produced a cigarette immediately, lit it and placed it gently between Henrik’s lips.  Henrik took a long drag and blew the smoke up into Klein’s face.  Klein coughed but did not retaliate.
“Manhattan is the name of an atomic research project in America.  It has a secret testing facility in Los Alamos, New Mexico.”
“Yes, I know.”
“The U.S. government has corralled the top physicists in the world in this Godforsaken desert to build a bomb the likes of which the world has never seen before.  It is an atom bomb.”   
“Impossible!”
“I’ve seen it.  It’s not finished yet, but it will be.  The theory is sound.  All that’s left is the engineering.”
“I tell you it’s impossible.  Our top scientists have already abandoned the project.  It’s piss in the wind.”  Klein and Schliemann laughed at the crude metaphor until Heydrich told them to shut up.  Henrik leaned forward to take another drag on the cigarette, this time resisting the urge to blow smoke in Klein’s face.  
“Oh, is that why they gave up?  I heard it was something else.”
“What story did you hear?”  
“Many of the scientists in New Mexico were German defectors, many Jews, some of our best minds, I think.”  Henrik couldn’t resist the last remark, although it was dangerous.
Heydrich sat back in his metal chair, thinking.  “How do I know that what you are telling me is true?  I don’t even know your name.”
Henrik laughed.  “Lieutenant Henrik Kessler, but my name is not important.  It has changed so many times.  Deep cover operatives are given a codename that only they and the Reich Command have access to.  This name is important.”
“And yours is Vengeance?”
“Yes.”
Heydrich’s eyes narrowed.  “An Abwehr operation, no doubt.  Your file was closed.  Lost in action.  We have not heard from you in three years.  Why have you chosen this time to come in from the cold, and why this charade with the marshal’s coat and the Jewish ghetto?  What business did you have there?”
Henrik leaned forward to take another drag of the cigarette, and then looked up at the Reichsprotektor of Bohemia.  “Do you think maybe . . .?”  He rattled the handcuffs against the metal chair.  Heydrich looked at the cuffs and frowned.
“Free him,” he snapped.  The SS guards hesitated, perhaps caught off guard by the officer’s sudden change of attitude.  Heydrich looked at the guards with dangerous impatience.  “He is a deep cover operative and a valuable asset to the Fuhrer, unlike you two idiots.  Free him!”  
Schliemann and Klein hurriedly went to work on freeing their prisoner and Henrik couldn’t help but smile.  He was even tempted to blow more smoke in the big man’s face, but there was no point in bearding the lion now.  He was in.  He took another long drag on his cigarette and sat back contentedly. 
“And now, lieutenant,” Heydrich continued kindly, “perhaps you can finish your tale.  And please, leave nothing out.”  
Henrik talked freely and convincingly for the next hour and half, filling in every minute detail of his three-year undercover operation in America.  And at the end of his story, Heydrich seemed pleased.  Although it was hard to tell what was really going on behind his hollow mask of a face, he told Henrik that he would be reassigned to special weapons division immediately.  No more covert operations behind enemy lines.  He would wear a white lab coat, eat three square meals a day and sleep in a real bed with sheets.  And the German physicists and engineers, what was left of them, would pick his brain and build their bomb.  
But one serious problem still remained.  How was he supposed to find Esther and slip out of the country in a hidden U-boat while working for the SS?  He may not have been in irons, but he was still a prisoner.  It would take at least a day for Heydrich to deliver his news to all of the right powerbrokers in the Third Reich, including Himmler and Hitler himself, and in the meantime Henrik was to report directly to his father’s cottage just outside Amsterdam.  Klein and Schliemann would accompany Henrik as his personal bodyguards.  Henrik wondered how all this would fit into Major Koch’s plans, if he even had any.  
All lies, Henrik mused darkly.
Henrik arrived home just after eleven.  His father was standing in front of the stately cottage in his old uniform complete with bronze medals, star pointed helmet and shining silver monocle.  He greeted Henrik with a warm handshake and a cold eye.  Kessler Sr. was a retired air force colonel, a World War I ace in the class of the Red Baron and still an important man with a long shadow.  If it had not been for the tragic loss of his left eye in a dogfight over Versailles 25 years ago, heaven knew how high he might have risen in the Reich Command.  Goering, his junior wingman at the time, had risen all the way to Reich Marshal, the highest rank in the military, second only to Hitler himself.
 Needless to say, the old colonel fully expected his son to take up the flying mantle and bring glory once again to the name Kessler as soon as he was of age.  Instead, Henrik became a ghost and simply disappeared just as the greatest war the world had ever seen was about to begin.  For three years Kessler had no son, and when he was notified a few hours ago of his son’s surprising resurrection from the dead, his heart was just unable to accept it.  
Perhaps it never would.
“Welcome home, lieutenant,” Kessler said formally.  “I . . . ”  He faltered a moment, unsure of what to say.  What was the military protocol for resurrected prodigal sons anyways?  After an awkward pause, he found the words, however inadequate.  “I had the servants prepare your old room.”
“Thank you, colonel,” Henrik responded with equal inadequacy.  
And that was the end of the reunion.  After a quick bite to eat, Henrik retreated to his old bedroom under the stairs and slept the rest of the day and most of the night.  Meanwhile, the colonel slipped silently away to his room at the top of the stairs and was also not seen again until the morning.  Henrik’s two SS bodyguards found nothing strange about this, however, taking full advantage of the opportunity to raid the Kessler family wine cellar and smoke the last of the old colonel’s expensive cigars.
#
Forty miles away on a dreary patch of muddy earth, Westerbork awaited Esther and her family.  For hours they had been crammed into a train and forced to stand.  Their bodies were packed so tightly together that there was no choice but to sit or lie down.  
Esther tried not to think about that first horrible moment of terror when she heard the Gestapo banging on the front door.  She knew her grandfather would try to open the door and she rushed down the stairs to stop him.  But she was too late.  She was only five feet away when the door burst open and her startled grandfather was thrown to the ground, a bloody bruise appearing immediately on his forehead.
“Get outside!” the Germans demanded over megaphones.  “You are being relocated for your own safety.  Bring nothing with you, only yourselves.  Your possessions will be sent after you.  Get outside now!”
Some Jews listened, wandering out onto the street with only their coats thrown hurriedly over their nightclothes to protect them from the night air.  But some did not, and paid dearly for making the soldiers wait.  They staggered out of their townhouses encumbered by heavy bags and other possessions only to meet with merciless blows from truncheons and rifle butts.  
Esther saw a child of three or four stripped of her doll and kicked repeatedly in the stomach until there was no air left in her to scream with.  All the while, her parents looked on helplessly behind the Gestapo’s Lugers and Tommy guns.  Esther could not watch.  She wrapped a strip of cloth around her grandfather’s wounded forehead and led him quietly into the street.  
The soldiers seemed to be in a terrible hurry and yet once everyone was assembled, they were told to wait while a lengthy roll call was taken.  Whenever someone did not answer, an exhaustive search of his or her townhouse was conducted.  The Germans had comprehensive lists of all Jews in the ghetto.  There was no place to hide, although some tried.  Invariably they were dragged out from their hidden rooms and from beneath their mattresses and beaten in the street.  
Several Jews whispered that maybe an Allied invasion was imminent.  Some of the men were even encouraged by the raid thinking that liberation of Holland’s Jews was just around the corner.  But no liberation came.  Eventually the roll call was completed, and they were all marched to the train station three miles away and loaded on empty container cars eighty at a time.  Sarah cried inconsolably for the first hour.  Esther tried to comfort her but there was little she could do packed as they were like sardines in a can.
“It’s all right, Sarah,” she said uselessly.  Eventually Sarah stopped crying on her own, and then others took up her sad refrain.  After a few hours, Esther felt the pressure of her bladder growing and wondered how long she could last before she had to let go.  The smell of urine permeated the train car and she was sure that others had already suffered the indignity of wetting their nightclothes.
Esther struggled against the mass of bodies to see where Sarah, father and grandfather were.  Someone cursed her in Dutch.  She felt a sharp pain in her kidneys from somebody’s elbow or knee.  It was impossible to tell which, and impossible to find her family as well.  She could hear them from time to time, but she couldn’t see them.  She felt the panic of a growing claustrophobia but fought to control it.  They would reunite soon, maybe after the train stopped and they were finally let out.  It had to be soon.  But the train moved so slowly.  The sun was high overhead when they reached Westerbork.  The large metal doors opened and those nearest fell out in a flood.
“Men to the left.  Women to the right,” the Germans announced over megaphones and just like that, Esther was separated from her father and grandfather.  She never saw them again.  Sarah was wandering in a daze with a small group of children.  She had lost a shoe.  Esther wondered if she would be safer with them.  Surely the children would be treated better.  But something told her that was not the case.  Something told her that they had to stay together, no matter what.  Their lives depended on it.  
“Sarah,” she screamed, daring to dash out of line.  “Sarah, come with me.”  Sarah seemed not to hear her.  She sat down in the mud and looked at her shoeless foot.  “Sarah!”
“Get back with the women!” an angry soldier yelled and reached for Esther’s arm.  Esther ducked under his grasp and fell on her sister.
“Sarah, it’s me, Esther.”  
“Esther?” she said dreamily and then her eyes brightened with recognition.  “Esther, what’s happening?”
“Sarah, you have to come with me.”  She stood up, struggling to pull Sarah to her feet.  She felt someone grab her shoulder and yank her backwards, but she did not let go of her sister’s arms.
“Leave her with the children.  Get back in line.”
“But she’s not a child.  She’s a woman.  She’s a woman.”  Esther’s grip tightened.  She squeezed so hard that her sister squealed.  Somehow she managed to drag her into the line with the other women.
“Leave her,” the soldier yelled again, but soon they were lost in a sea of Jewish faces and the soldier gave up his complaint with a disgusted grunt.
“I will not leave you, Sarah,” Esther whispered earnestly into Sarah’s ear.  “No matter what happens, I will never leave you.”  
“I know.”  Sarah smiled weakly.  


Chapter 5: The Reich Chancellery
________________

The door chimes sounded early the next morning.  Klein and Schliemann were too hung over to answer the door, so Henrik was forced to do it himself, with his father’s Luger tucked neatly in his housecoat pocket.
“Herr Kessler, where are your bodyguards?  Are you answering the door alone, unarmed, with spies about?”  It was Heydrich.  He looked winded and uncharacteristically anxious.  His convertible Mercedes was idling loudly behind him with the back door open.  A driver sat in the front seat with goggles still on and leather driving gloves gripping the steering wheel.  The license plate read SS-3.
“Not exactly unarmed,” Henrik showed Heydrich the Luger in his pocket.  “As for your soldiers, I’m afraid they’ve been into the wine.”  
“Ah, those idiots.  I would send them to the Russian front if they weren’t so good at killing, and so well connected in Berlin.  It’s politics, you see.”
Henrik shrugged.  “I’m surprised to see you so soon.” 
“Events are moving faster than expected.  I came to give you this.”  He handed Henrik a new uniform, freshly pressed with the silver, double-lightning chevrons of the SS embroidered in the collar.  “You’ll need something to wear to the Reich Chancellery.”
“The Reich Chancellery!”
“Of course.  You didn’t expect to keep the general’s jacket.  The old fool would miss it,” he said with disdain and then placed a paper on the elegant rosewood coffee table by the door.  “Sign here.”
“What is it?”
“You’ll need to join the party.”
Henrik looked at the official document with its inlaid black swastikas and knew immediately what it was.  Despite his current situation with Esther and her family, Henrik considered himself to be a true German, in blood and in spirit.  He’d joined the Hitler Youth, the German air force and eventually the German secret service to serve his country, but for some reason that he didn’t entirely understand, he’d never joined the Nazi Party.  Was it simple neglect or some unconscious moral objection?  He didn’t know.  
“You must sign it,” Heydrich said again with some impatience, and then pushed a black pen in font of his face. 
“Oh yes, of course.”  Henrik shuffled the new SS uniform onto his left arm, and with a stroke of the pen, it was done.  His name looked foreign to him at the bottom of the official-looking document.  He hadn’t signed his name that way in three years.  Heydrich, on the other hand, seemed perfectly happy with the signature.  He hurriedly folded up the form and stuffed it into his pocket.  
“Catch the 1:10 to Berlin.  Don’t be late.  And don’t forget to bring this.”  He handed Henrik a brown envelope.  “And if those two dumb heads don’t sober up, shoot them for me with your Luger.”  Heydrich turned abruptly on his heels and headed back to his waiting vehicle without so much as a wave good-bye.
“Herr Heydrich, must you leave already?” Henrik asked nervously.  Heydrich stopped and looked back over his shoulder.  Henrik continued his invitation.  “I know it is early, but my father has the best wine cellar in the Netherlands.  Would you not like a sample before you leave, perhaps with some cheese?”  The last thing Henrik wanted to do was spend more time with the obergruppenfuhrer of the SD, but his instincts told him that he somehow needed to get close to this villain.  At the very least, it would be something he could trade with Major Koch for knowledge of Esther’s whereabouts.
“No, no.  I have no time,” Heydrich said with a dismissive wave of his bony hand.  “I’m going on ahead.  I’ll meet you in Berlin.  There’ll be plenty of wine there.”  He stepped lively into the front seat beside his driver and the Mercedes sped away leaving a cloud of dust in its wake.   
So much for the subtle approach, Henrik thought.  He looked at the envelope Heydrich had given him.  It was heavy bond paper, embossed with gold lettering and sealed with wax and the Fuhrer’s official insignia.  Events were moving fast indeed.  Henrik prized it open slowly with his Sheffield knife, being careful not to damage the seal.  He would want to save it later as a keepsake.  It wasn’t every day that a lieutenant got a letter from the Chancellor of Germany.  
The gold lettering continued on the inside: 
Lieutenant Henrik Kessler is hereby awarded the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross for his meritorious actions in valiant service of the Fatherland.   Kessler family cordially invited.  Full colors.  
It was signed at the bottom Adolf Hitler in flamboyant script.  Henrik was suddenly short of breath and his heart pounded in his chest.  Would the Fuhrer actually be there in person?  Would he meet him face to face?  This was his dream ever since he attended his first Nazi rally as a teenager and saw the lone leader of the Fatherland addressing the throngs of patriotic Germans.  And now he would be the one receiving a medal.
“What is it?”  Henrik’s father appeared at the foot of the stairs.  It was only the second time Henrik had seen his father since returning home.  Henrik wondered where he’d been hiding all this time.
“An invitation from . . .” he faltered on the name, his lips unworthy to speak it.  He handed the letter to Kessler Sr.  The old man took a moment to adjust his monocle and then his eyes widened with comprehension.  He looked up at his son with a mixture of surprise and pride.  
“We’re going to Berlin,” Henrik said by way of an explanation.  “We’ll have to close up the summer residence for a while and move back home.”  Henrik smiled nervously.  He didn’t know what else to say.  A tear formed in his father’s eye, and for a moment, at least, Henrik felt indescribable joy.
The train ride from Amsterdam to Berlin took roughly six hours, but the journey was anything but a droll experience.  By then the SS soldiers were sufficiently recovered from their hangovers to assume their proper duties as bodyguards.  Although Henrik had little faith in their ability to protect him, he took full advantage of the situation, making them carry the luggage onto the train and fetch refreshment whenever the opportunity presented itself.  The war, although harsh and bloody, had done little to affect the lives of Germany’s upper classes, and traveling by train in a first class car was still a luxurious and pleasurable activity.  For the first time in years, maybe ever, Henrik could look his father in the eye and feel something other than self-loathing.
“A trip to the capital can mean only one thing, Henrik,” his father said between puffs of his expensive cigar.  “Promotion.  You have to prepare yourself, Henrik.  Success can be a heavy burden to bear.  Once the Fuhrer’s eye is on you, your world will never be the same.”
“How did you handle it, father?” Henrik was asking all the right questions.  The perfect son.  Kessler’s eyes beamed.
“I remember my first trip to Berlin after my 10th victory in the air.  Who could have known then that I would more than triple that score?”  The corner of his thick, gray eyebrow rose over the gold rim of his monocle.  “I was just a boy, really, not much older than you are now.  I’ll always remember the Kaiser’s words as he awarded me the Blue Max, Pour le Mérite.  ‘I have my eye on you, young man,’ he said.  It was the proudest moment of my life—until today.”
Henrik felt like his heart was about to burst.  He was still glowing six hours later when they walked into the Reich Chancellery and were met by a phalanx of senior officers in finely creased and starched uniforms, with more bronze on their chests than Reichsmarks in the National Treasury.  Henrik wished he still had the marshal’s parade jacket with all of its shiny medals. 
Henrik’s father had more than a few medals on his jacket and was treated like a war hero, especially by the older officers.  But the real guest of honor tonight was Henrik himself, without a medal to his name.  He was made to shake hands with all of the senior officers present and to regale them with tales of his adventures, but it wasn’t until well after 10:00 p.m. that Hitler arrived with Himmler and the rest of his entourage to make the grand presentation.  
He smiled warmly and shook Henrik’s hand.  He was a small man, much smaller than Henrik had imagined, with small hands and a small bite of a mustache.  Henrik felt awkward standing in front of him.  He felt as if he should kneel like a peasant before royalty, like a worshipper before a god.
“You have done the Fatherland a great service,” Hitler said loudly.  It was amazing that such a small man could speak with such authority.  Henrik literally trembled before him.  “Your courage and faithfulness to the German people are an inspiration to all young Germans.  I have my eye on you, Lieutenant Henrik, and soon all the world will see the fruit of your efforts.  Righteous vengeance will reign down fire from above.  Together we will change the world.”  He shook his fist above his head as he did in his famous oratories to thousands.
Henrik risked a quick glance at his father.  The old man was weeping openly.  Hitler stepped forward to attach the shining Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross to Henrik’s throat collar, and then he said something that only Henrik could hear, something that truly did change his world.  “Bring me victory, young Henrik,” he whispered.  “Cleanse the world of my enemies—the Communists, the Allies and the filthy Jew.  Will you do this for me?”  His lips were so close Henrik could feel the Fuhrer’s hot breath in his ear.  Henrik nodded bashfully.
“Yes, my Fuhrer.”
“That’s a good German,” he patted Henrik’s shoulder.  “You will make your father proud.”  
Hitler’s words were still running through Henrik’s mind and weighing heavily on his heart several hours later as he stood in a quiet corner drinking his fifth brandy.  His father seemed to sense the change in his son and left him alone.  He’d never understood Henrik, but he was well acquainted with his moods.  He knew there was no reason or argument, no kind word that could snap him out of his brooding.  He had too much of his mother in him.  
Kessler Sr. had hoped that this latest turn of events was the sign of a change in his son, a turning of the corner, a harbinger of even greater honors to come, but now he feared for the future.  Would Henrik be able to throw off the foolish notions of his youth and embrace his true heritage?  What had the Fuhrer said to him that affected him so?  Whatever it was, Henrik would not tell him, and he had not smiled since then.  Kessler Sr. could only hope that Henrik would not be foolish enough to miss this great opportunity.  But he knew there was nothing he could say to make his son understand.  He would have to come to this realization on his own or not at all.
While Kessler Sr. was wise enough to leave his son alone, the junior officers present at Hitler’s party were not.  They viewed Henrik as a genuine German hero.  Many of them were second and third sons of German aristocrats, who enlisted as officers because they could never inherit the family estate.  Most had not yet seen action, their upper class status at once a blessing and a curse—saving them from dangerous combat, at least for the time being, but robbing them of the chance for glory.  They were desperate to prove themselves.  And here was a man of similar age and background who had really done it.  A deep cover agent behind enemy lines procuring top secret plans that would one day win the war for Germany.  It was a dream come true.  And it wasn’t long before these bright, young hopefuls found their hero and had him surrounded.  Unfortunately for them, Henrik was in no mood to entertain the troops.
“How long were you in America, lieutenant?” a young lieutenant by the name of Johan Hauser asked, wide-eyed.  Johan was the fifth son of a wealthy beer baron and had never stepped a foot outside of Germany his entire life.  He had command of a radar station in Wildeshausen, a small town that had never seen action and probably never would even if Germany was completely overrun by the Allies.
Henrik swished his brandy, his bored expression doing little to dissuade his faithful fans.  “About three years.”
“Three years right under their noses.  The Americans are such fools.”
“Presumably,” Henrik mumbled without looking up.  “But brave people.  Good soldiers.”
Hauser seemed startled by Henrik’s compliment of the enemy, and mildly offended.  “But they cannot win.  They are children.”
Henrik stopped swishing his drink.  “Yes, children, honest, innocent, spoiled, but in their hearts they believe in goodness.  Or at least they did until about six months ago.”
Several officers grunted, but some remained silent.
“What happened six months ago?” Johan asked, scratching his head.
“Pearl Harbor.”
Johan sighed with comprehension, but then a new thought struck him.  “Did you ever kill one of them?”
“Americans?  No.”
A young captain leaned into the circle.  He was short with a long neck.  He was a pilot too, but Henrik forgot his name.  “I heard you shot down a whole squadron over the channel.”
Henrik laughed bitterly.  “Three planes, and they weren’t Americans.  They were Brits.  But that wasn’t combat.  It was espionage, cloak and dagger.  I stabbed them in the back.”  He gulped down what was left of his brandy and grabbed another off a passing tray. 
“And in Hawaii?  I heard you shot down three more there.”
“Japs.”
The young officers looked at each other in confusion.  “But aren’t the Japs our allies?”
Henrik just shrugged.  The jovial spirit of the evening was rapidly dissipating.  As the young officers began to wonder whether they should risk asking another question, the sound of clapping broke through the silence.  A tall major stepped forward.  Henrik recognized him immediately.  Neils Hollingsworth, a.k.a. Major Koch.  He really was closer than Henrik thought.
“Masterfully done,” Neils said loudly.  “You’ll have to forgive the lieutenant.  Spy humor is a difficult thing to grasp.  Henrik, if you’re done shocking your new friends, I’d like to have a word with you.”
Henrik took a long drink of his brandy and once again exchanged his empty glass for a full one.  “Gentlemen,” he said coldly and then followed the tall officer to the window.  The snow was falling out the window, the moon’s light glistening in crystal reflection.  Henrik remembered many a night like this back in the Netherlands, hunting wolves with his father and gathering the cattle in from the field.  In those days, he’d always longed for the warmth of the fire, but tonight he would rather be out with the wolves.
“Have you completely lost your mind?  You’re going to blow your cover.” Neils’ voice was quiet but intense.  “Listen carefully.  A lot has changed since you’ve been gone, but a lot has stayed the same.  Take a look at your Fuhrer over there.  See the big shots standing around him?  There’s Heydrich.  You already know him.  Through Himmler he’s become quite the rising star, one of Hitler’s most trusted paladins.  My sources tell me he was once a trusted protégé of Admiral Canaris, that wily old fox, but they’ve had a bit of a falling out recently over some dirty business in the Soviet Union.  Apparently Heydrich forged some false documents to implicate some high-ranking Soviet generals.  I’m sure you heard what happened after that.”
Henrik had heard, even in America.  The unbelievable news spread halfway around the world.  The plot, trumped up though it was, gave Stalin the excuse he needed to go on a bloodthirsty rampage, purging almost the entire upper echelon of his government and military staff.  It was one of the largest political massacres in modern history, second only to the French Revolution and perhaps the Bolshevik uprising itself.  But he hadn’t known that Heydrich was behind it all.  Henrik looked into his brandy goblet but made no comment.
“Do you recognize the other officers with him?  There’s Goering and Ribbentrop on the left.  Ribbentrop is believed to run Foreign Intelligence, but Rosenberg behind him is in charge of the Foreign Political Office.  There’s Borman to, but he’s head of the Minorities Section and not very important.  He’s not here tonight.  Probably out rounding up more Gypsies and Jews.  So there you have it—a veritable viper’s nest of German intelligence, and they all hate each other.”  Hollingsworth laughed as if he’d just made a joke, and then took a dainty sip of his expensive champagne.  “So who is it?”
“What?”
“Who is your handler?”
“I don’t have a handler.  Too dangerous.  I was deep cover.  On my own.”
“Your superior then.  Somebody must have trained you, sent you on your mission, arranged the contacts, told you where to go and what to look for.”
It was the admiral, but Henrik wasn’t about to tell Hollingsworth that.  After leaving his beloved ship the Graf Spee, Canaris had taken control of the Abwehr, a small fact finding cell that under his leadership quickly became one of the largest and most powerful intelligence organizations in the Third Reich.  But to look at him, you never could have guessed it.  Sipping his cognac and quietly smoking his pipe in the background, he looked as gentle as a lamb.   
“He’s not here,” Henrik said simply.
“What?  Are you sure?”
“It was von Fritsch.”
“Of course.  Well, that’s unfortunate.”
“Why?”
“He fell from grace a while back.  He was embroiled in a homosexual scandal.  It was all just some big misunderstand.  Another man by the name of Fritsch was the real queer.  He was found murdered some time later along with his lover.  Von Fritsch was cleared of all charges but he’ll never regain his position of power.  So that puts us in a bit of a quagmire.”
“Why?” Henrik repeated the question dully.
“How to get you back on the inside, my boy.  We have important work to do.”
Henrik shook his head and Hollingsworth’s smile faded.  
“I know this is hard for you, Henrik, but if you ever want to see Esther again, you’ll—what do the Americans say—play ball?”  Neils took Henrik’s brandy from him and passed him a tall glass of sparkling champagne that he had been guarding on the windowsill behind him.
“What’s this?”  Henrik asked briskly.  He hated champagne.
“Drink it.  It will make you sick.  That will give you a reason to excuse yourself and seek the lavatory.  Hidden somewhere in this castle is the Chancellery archive.  It contains secret plans for the counter-invasion, the V-weapons, stuff like that.”
“I’m not your rat.”
“Don’t be a fool.  We need that archive to find your precious girlfriend, or has your Fuhrer’s recent favor made you forget all about your one true love.”  Neils watched Henrik’s face change color.  “Did you think this would be easy?  Did you think you could keep your hands clean?  I want to help you, Henrik.  I really do.  But you’re going to have to hold up your end of the bargain.”
Henrik looked down.  “How’s the wound, Neils?” he said, and then without warning his left hand shot out, grazing the paratrooper’s right shoulder roughly where he had stabbed him the night before.  Neils grimaced, and then his eyes turned cold.  He transferred the brandy to his left hand and raised it to his rather large nose.
“A Mosel Reisling 93, I believe.  Very expensive.”  He took a sip and his lips pursed unpleasantly.  “Too bitter.  That’s the problem with you Germans—too much aftertaste.  The Mosel Valley is supposed to have the best grape in all of Europe, but I just don’t taste it.  I prefer French wine, don’t you?”  He took another sip and made the same sour face.  Then he put the brandy down on the windowsill and stepped uncomfortably close to Henrik.  
“The shoulder’s fine, Henrik.  Thanks for asking.”  He spoke softly but there was a menacing edge to his voice.  “I’ve enjoyed this little chat.  I really have, but now it’s time for you to get back in there and turn this thing around . . . or the girl dies.”  Neils gave Henrik a rough shove in the back and walked briskly into the thick of the dancing couples.  Henrik watched him leave, his eyes unable to hide the anger he was feeling.  After a moment, he looked back at the carousing young officers.
“Herr Hauser,” he called loudly over the idle chatter and incessant drone of the orchestra.  “Have you heard the one about the American President at the beer festival?”
Johan shook his head timidly.  The officers’ nervous chatter ceased.  Henrik approached them armed with a winning smile and Neils’ glass of sparkling champagne.
“After ten steins of beer, he still wasn’t drunk.  So he asks the barmaid.  What’s wrong with this beer keg?  I’ve had ten steins from it and I’m still not drunk.  The barmaid is all concerned because she knows that Americans can’t hold their liquor.  One teacup and they’re reeling, two cups puts them under the table, but ten steins . . .?  So she comes over to see what’s the matter.  That’s not a beer keg, you idiot, she says.  That’s a toilet.”  Henrik laughed loudly at his own joke.  “Do you get it?  He was drinking piss, ten steins of piss.”
The officers laughed, perhaps a bit forced, and then one of the older pilots told another joke involving stupid Americans.  Once again, the German officers were united in robust nationalistic prejudice.  Henrik took a wayward sip of Neils’ champagne and promptly vomited on the red marble floor.  Henrik could see his father on the other side of the crowded ballroom looking on with disapproval and vomited again.  Five glasses of Mosel Reisling 93—wasted!
“My apologies, gentlemen,” Henrik said, wiping the muck from his lips.  “I must find the toilet.  I hope there are no Americans drinking from it.”
“Go,” Johan laughed.  “You can’t hold your liquor.  You must be an American too.”  The officers guffawed robustly at this, and Henrik staggered away with vomit still dripping from the side of his mouth.
Once out of the ballroom, Henrik climbed the stairs to the second floor and wandered down the hall until the sound of the orchestra faded into the distance.  The Reich Chancellery was an enormous edifice boasting nearly two hundred rooms.  The chance of Henrik wandering into the right room and discovering the secret Chancellery archive, if it even existed, was astronomically low.  Henrik wasn’t even certain that he should try.  Was he still a German?  Then why was he seeking to betray his country for a Jewish girl?  An hour ago, he had promised the Fuhrer that he would rid the world of his enemies, including the Jews.  But what about Esther?  If he didn’t do something, Esther and her whole family would suffer—maybe even die, if the rumors were true.  Could he let that happen?  Could he live with himself?
“Herr Kessler.”
Henrik turned around to see the two SS officers, Klein and Schliemann, jogging down the baroque hallway towards him.  In all of the excitement of the evening, he’d completely forgotten about his bodyguards.  Now he was sure he would never find the archive.
“Herr Kessler, where are you going?”  Schliemann sounded a little tipsy, and Klein was quite obviously drunk.  His big body kept bouncing off the marble walls like a giant rubber ball.  “The toilet is downstairs.”
“Maybe he doesn’t want the toilet anymore?” Klein slurred.
“Why, Gustaff, whatever do you mean?”
“You know what I mean, Herr Schliemann.”
“I know what you mean, Gustaff, but does young Henrik?  I think he does.”
Henrik shrugged, wondering how long he could maintain his bluff.
“Come now, Herr Kessler.  You heard about the upper rooms of the Chancellery, and you came looking for women, young women, beautiful women.”
“Fat women!”
Schliemann looked back at his drunken cohort with a puzzled expression.  “You like fat woman, Gustaff?”
“Everybody likes fat women,” he answered, leaning up against Schliemann’s shoulder to keep from falling.  Schliemann raised an eyebrow.
“Not women, Herr Schliemann,” Henrik said, an idea suddenly occurring to him.  “Wine.”
“Fvine.”  Klein held up a half empty bottle of Mosel Reisling.  “But there’s lots of fvine back at the party.  Come on.  Let’s go.”  He tried to turn but bumped into the wall again.  He reached for Klein’s shoulder and caught it just in time to keep from falling.
“Not that piss,” Henrik said disdainfully.  “The Bernkasteler Doctor.  The most famous vintage in all the world.  Legend has it that the Archbishop of Tier was deathly ill.  He tried doctors and medicine and prayer to no avail.  And then he came to the little village of Bernkastel and after only one glass of their local wine was magically cured.  The best doctor is in Bernkastel, he declared.”
“Sounds expensive,” Schliemann said with interest.
  “Priceless.  You see, after he was revived, the Archbishop fell so in love with the wine that he refused to leave the little village of Bernkastel or drink anything else, not even water.  He called it the nectar of the gods.  The church thought he was possessed and burned him at the stake.  Ever since then, the Bernkasteler Doctor 1649 has been forbidden.  But Hitler has a secret stash of the stuff hidden somewhere in the Reich Chancellery.  They say it’s like sipping pure gold.”
“It wouldn’t be up here, dumb head.  The wine cellar is in the basement.  Come with me.  I’ll show you.”  Schliemann stepped forward and Klein slid off his shoulder and hit the floor like a fallen tree.  He was out cold.  “Ah, leave him.”
Schliemann led Henrik into the servants’ area and then down the back stairway.  He seemed to know his way around the Chancellery even while drunk, and he talked incessantly.  “I was stationed here for over a year at the beginning of the war.  I saw them bring all kinds of treasure into this castle.  Gold.  Precious jewels.  Ancient artifacts.  I used to come down here and borrow some from time to time.  There was so much of the stuff.  Who was going to miss it?  The plunders of war.”  His laughter echoed through the cold wine cellar.  The chambers seemed endless, but Henrik saw no sign of treasure or the archive.
“Sounds like a great job.  Why did you leave?”   
Schliemann shrugged.  “I guess somebody missed it?”
After almost an hour of wandering aimlessly past row after row of stolen wine bottles, they came at last to an empty chamber, more like a cell, ten feet by ten feet with a low ceiling that Henrik had to duck under to keep from bumping into.
“It’s in here.  I know it’s in here.”
“There’s nothing in here.”
“If I can just find . . .”  Schliemann began stomping on each of the large floor stones one at a time.  Henrik thought that the wine had claimed what was left of the SS officer’s wits until one of the stones sunk beneath Schliemann’s heavy foot and the wall opened to reveal a vast storehouse of gold bars—stacks and stacks of them right up to the ceiling.  
And yes, there was treasure—pearl necklaces, gold candlesticks, silver goblets, and jewelry with precious stones of every variety.  It appeared that the palaces, churches, and synagogues of every country in Europe, save Britain, had been ransacked just to fill this one, ugly basement.
“This is what I’m talking about.”  Schliemann headed straight for the jewelry and began pawing it with his thick, drunken fingers.  Henrik shook his head.  This was not what he had come for.  He looked past the gold bars and saw the entrance to another chamber.
“Schliemann, what’s back there?”
“What?  Oh, you won’t find it there.  It’s just paper.”
“Paper?”
“Books, scrolls, manuscripts, files—some kind of library, I guess.”  Schliemann picked up a bejeweled tiara and placed it on his greasy, black hair.  “Look at me,” he said, but before he could turn around, Henrik picked up a wine bottle and smashed it against Schliemann’s rather large head.  The sodden warrant officer fell face forward into a pile of pearl necklaces, a large bump growing rapidly on the back of his scull.  Henrik looked at the broken wine bottle in his hand—Bernkastel 1649.  What a waste, he thought.
Things happened fast after that.  Henrik dropped the broken bottle and propped his fallen comrade up against a large wooden chest.  He climbed through the treasure room and into the back chamber.  He’d found it, the fabled Chancellery archive.  Battle plans.  Arms shipments.  Troop deployments.  Prisoner transfers.  The secrets in these volumes were worth more than all the gold bars in Germany.  
He rifled through the files like a man possessed, but after only a few minutes he knew it was hopeless.  There were no documents relating to Jewish concentration camps.  Neils was lying.  But Henrik had already guessed at that.  His only hope now was that the British spy really did have connections in high places.  That much appeared to be true.  Not every German officer was invited to Hitler’s party, but Neils was.  If he could just give him something to chew on, throw him a bone, as it were.
“Halt or we will shoot!”
Henrik froze.  It was too late.  He peeked out of the archive chamber and into the treasure room.  Two German soldiers were standing in the doorway with their guns trained on Schliemann.  One of them had a Luger, the other an MP40 machine gun—a loud, powerful weapon that could slice a man in half at close range.  
“Raise your hands and turn around,” shouted the officer with the Luger.  “Raise your hands or we will shoot!”
Schliemann did not respond.  He couldn’t.  He was still out cold from the blow Henrik had given him.  Henrik had placed his limp body facing the treasure.  From the dimly lit cellar door, he must have looked like an intruder caught in the act.  Henrik wondered darkly if he should just let the guards put a few rounds in Schliemann’s back, but then he had another idea.  The SS officer might come in handy after all.
When Schliemann still did not respond after more threats, the guards began to advance slowly.  That was when Henrik slipped out from behind the gold bars and plugged them both in the back of the head.  They dropped to the ground without a word of protest.  A second later, Neils appeared in the doorway and nearly took a bullet between the eyes.  Henrik smiled at Neils’ surprised express and then pocketed his weapon.
“I saw the guards racing down the stairs and knew something was up,” Neils explained.  “You must have triggered a silent alarm.”  He looked at the dead guards and shook his head.  “You’re good.  I give you that.  No pang of conscience.  No wasted effort.  Just two perfect shots right to the back of the head.”  
He glanced back at Henrik with an odd look of admiration as if he’d just complimented him on a well-played cricket shot, but it was a compliment that burned.  Henrik had felt nothing, but he should have.  He’d just murdered two German guards, soldiers like himself.  He should have felt an overwhelming weight of guilt.  But he didn’t.  He’d done it to find Esther, and he would do it again if he had to.  He knew that for certain now.  He’d sealed the contract in German blood.
“You better get out of here, and lose your Luger.”
“No need,” Henrik said casually.  He was in no hurry.
“They’ll check your weapon—see that it’s been fired.”
“But it hasn’t.  I used your Berretta with the silencer.”  Henrik pulled Hollingsworth’s pistol from his pocket.
“Mine?” he patted his jacket where the Berretta should have been and then remembered Henrik’s feint to his wounded shoulder in the ballroom.  He must have taken his pistol then.  
“Now all I need is a fall guy.”  Henrik took out his Luger and pointed it at Hollingsworth’s head.  “You lied.  There were no documents, no records about Holland, the Jews, nothing.”
“But there must be.  This is the archive.  It has to be here.  A diagram.  A map.  It might not even look like a map.  Maybe you just didn’t have enough time.  Maybe we can come back later.”
“That would be difficult with a bullet in your head.”
“Then don’t put a bullet in my head.  Listen to me, Kessler.  Be reasonable.  We’ve come this far.  Don’t give up now.  Believe me when I tell you this.  You are that girl’s only chance of making it out of Germany alive, and I’m yours.”
Henrik lowered the Luger.  Maybe he never would have shot Neils in the first place.  Maybe he would never know.  He reached into his left pocket and pulled out a crumpled piece of paper.  It was a diagram with letters scattered randomly across it as if they’d fallen from a shattered typewriter.  Hollingsworth took one look at the paper and his eyes bugged out of his head.
“This is it!  The list!  There must be every base in Germany on this thing.”
“And Esther?”
“She’s here.  It will have to be decoded, but she’s here.  We’ll find her.”
Henrik wasn’t sure.  It could just be a map of train stations, or bus depots or outhouses.  There were no roads, no boundaries.  It might not be anything at all, just a piece of paper with random letters scattered across it.  But if he really believed that, why did he pocket the paper in the first place?  Why did he rip it out of the file?  Why had he committed it to the impervious archive of his unusual memory?  Henrik handed the paper to Hollingsworth along with his silenced pistol.  “Well, I hope you have another plan.”   
Schliemann groaned in the corner and Neils smiled.
“I’m sure I’ll think of something.” 


Chapter 6: Uranverein
________________

“Sarah, wake up.  We have to get going.”
“What?  It’s still dark.”  Sarah wiped her eyes groggily.  They’d been at Westerbork for only a day and already they were moving again.  “But our things haven’t arrived yet.”
“What are you talking about?  What things?”  Esther was impatient and anxious.  The German soldiers had taken to whipping the last person out the door.  It was never good to be last.
“The soldiers at the train.”  Sarah was suddenly indignant.  “They said that our things from home would be sent to us later.”
Esther shook her head.  “Oh, Sarah.  I don’t know.  Maybe our stuff was already sent to the new camp in Germany.  Maybe it will all be waiting for us when we get there.  Now hurry up.  Don’t forget your bundle, and your shoe.”  Esther knew nothing good was waiting for them in Germany.  Their meager possessions would not be at the next camp, or the next one after that.  It was just a lie to get them out of their homes without a riot.  The only thing they owned now was the clothes on their backs.  And Sarah was still missing a shoe.  Esther would have given her one of her own, but Sarah’s feet were too big.  So she hobbled around with one shoe on her right foot and an old piece of cloth wrapped around her left.  And then at night she would count her blisters and complain about the cold.  But at least they had a roof over their heads and a cot to sleep on.  All that was about to change.
Esther managed to drag Sarah out of the drafty barracks just in time to avoid the soldiers’ whips.  They stood in line silently, doing their best to avoid contact as they were inspected by the white-coated German doctors.  Esther didn’t know exactly what they were looking for, perhaps strong workers or signs of disease.  She couldn’t tell.  Nor did she know whether it was better to be singled out or to remain with the group.  All she knew was that she had to stay with her sister no matter what the cost.
“Open your mouth,” the doctor said in German.  Esther complied obediently.  And then the doctor looked at her, not as a patient, but as a person.  He looked right in her eyes almost as if he knew who she was.  “Young lady,” he said almost kindly, “who is your father?  What did he do?”
At first Esther didn’t understand the question.  Her father was a Jew.  He didn’t do anything, or at least, not anything to deserve this punishment.  But surely the doctor knew that.  And then she understood what he meant.
“Eli Jacobs.  He was an engineer.  He designed machine parts.”
“And you, what did you do?”  He smiled again.
“I helped him sometimes.  I’m a student at the University of Amsterdam.”
“Ah.”  He walked away after that.  Esther could see him out of the corner of her eye talking with some of the soldiers.  After a minute, a soldier came up to her and grabbed her arm.
“Come with me,” he said.
“No, not without my sister,” Esther pleaded but the soldier just squeezed tighter.  He was a big man, fat like a bull, and frightfully strong.  Esther felt as if her arm would break, but she pulled against him.  “My sister comes with me.”  She dropped her bundle and grabbed her sister’s hand.  Sarah was crying.
“Come on, you filthy Jew.”  The soldier yanked hard and the three of them fell into the mud.  Some of the Germans laughed.  The soldier stood up quickly with his whip in his hand.  He was furious.
“Herr doctor,” Esther called out desperately.  “My sister is a student too.  She worked with my father.  She’s very smart.  She has to come with me.”  Esther had no idea what she was saying, or if the doctor even cared.  The soldier looked back at the doctor, perhaps a little surprised that a Jew would even dare to speak to him.  The doctor looked up from his clipboard for a moment and then nodded to the soldier as if it really didn’t matter after all.  The soldier looked back at Esther with obvious disappointment.
“Come on then.  Bring your sister.  But don’t think you’ve escaped me.”  He put his whip back in his pocket.  “I never forget.”
Esther and Sarah joined a smaller group of prisoners and walked for most of the day, through marshes and over rugged dirt roads, stopping only once at noon for a meager meal of stale buns and water.  The guards herded them like animals.  Esther tried to keep her sister in the center of the pack to spare her from the sting of the whip, but the rocks and nettles ripped through the rag on her shoeless foot causing her to bleed and suffer terribly.  She cried out and the guards whipped her mercilessly.  Esther dragged her along, ignoring her cries.  
When they finally arrived at the next camp, they were led to a small barracks and told to wait inside.  They weren’t alone.  The windowless shack was already crammed with people, from wall to rotting wall.  Nobody spoke, at first.  Everyone was too scared.  Had they been singled out because of their education or for some other reason?  Would they be put to work at some clerical task until the end of the war, or made to endure some greater suffering?  Were they damned or saved?  No one knew, so no one dared speak.  
After about an hour, the big bull opened the door.  “There has been a change of plans for you,” he said with a humorless smile.  “You will not be going to Bergen-Belsen with the others.  Instead, you will be going to Dora-Mittelbau.  Bergen-Belsen is a nice place, like a little farm, and only about seventy miles from here.  Dora is at least double that, and high up in the Harz Mountains.  Oh, yes, and there is no train, at least not for you.  You will walk there.”
Walk to Germany?  Esther looked immediately down at Sarah’s bleeding, shoeless foot.  She would never make it.  She wasn’t strong enough.  Esther had condemned her own sister to an early grave.
The guard smiled evilly, his eyes falling on Esther and Sarah.  And then he turned sharply and left, slamming the wooden door shut behind him.  The door would be locked, as it always was, and once again they were left to suffer the night without food.  Esther turned to her sister.  “We have to find you a shoe,” she said hopefully, but Sarah was too tired to answer.  There were no more cots, so she’d curled up on the floor in the corner.  In moments she would be asleep.  Esther didn’t have the heart to rouse her.  For now, sleep was her only solace.  She would have to find Sarah a shoe on her own.
A single oil lamp was burning by the door, but its light barely reached past the first few cots.  If only she could find someone she knew—a neighbor, a friend from school.  How could she ask a stranger for something as silly as a shoe?  What would they think of her?  There was a time when her sister’s closet boasted ten shoes.  And now she only had one.  Oh foolish child, how could you lose your own shoe?  
Esther made her way slowly between the bodies.  There must have been a hundred people crowded into the makeshift shack, and only enough cots for twenty.  No one complained.  They were too tired, but not too tired to cry.  Esther heard whimpers and sobs, especially from the old and very young.  She was ashamed to look in their faces, but she had to.  She needed to find a familiar face, or at the very least, a sympathetic one.
An older woman caught her eye.  Esther did not know her, but something about her eyes and gentle spirit seemed to welcome her.  She reminded Esther of her grandmother so long ago.
“Excuse me,” Esther whispered not wanting to wake the others around her.
“What is it child?”
“Do you have a shoe?”
“A shoe?” the old woman asked oddly.
“Yes.”  Esther felt foolish, but she soldiered on.  “Do you have an extra shoe?  My sister lost hers on the train and her foot is bleeding.”
The old woman made a sympathetic clucking noise with her tongue and shook her head sadly.  “No, I’m sorry, child.  I don’t.  All I have are these old boots on my feet, and it looks like I’m going to need them, I’m afraid.”  She pointed to the faded leather boots hanging off the edge of her cot.  Esther had never owned such a shabby pair in all her life, but she would have given anything for them at that moment.  Esther nodded and walked away.  
She was discouraged, but now that she had broken the ice, she felt emboldened.  She ventured down the length of the barracks, stopping every few feet to query boldly into the darkness.  
“Excuse me, ma’am.  Do you have a shoe?”  
“Please, ma’am, do you have an extra shoe?”  
She was sure that someone would have one tucked away in their pockets or hidden under their clothes.  But if someone did have an extra shoe, they would not share it with Esther.  She became desperate.  She started shaking people awake, searching their tired, frightened faces and pleading her case, and then people became impatient with her.  They told her to be quiet and go to sleep.  Some even threatened to strike her if she did not shut up.  Her eyes filled with tears, but no one had any sympathy left for her.  They had reached the end of human kindness, at least for today.  She returned down the aisle and saw the old woman who had first spoken kindly.  She was sleeping soundly, her ragged boots hanging limply off the end of her cot.  
And then Esther had a terrible thought, and she acted on it.
The next morning, Esther awoke early, even before the guards came to rouse them with angry words and swift fists.  “Come on, Sarah.  Get up.”  She nudged her sister who groaned loudly.  “Come on.  Get up.”  She pushed her again and Sarah opened her eyes.
“What is it?”
“Put this on.  I think it will fit.”  She handed her the woman’s old leather boot and Sarah took it with some reluctance.
“It stinks.  Where did you get it?”
“Just put it on.  We have to go.”
Sarah removed the blood-soaked rag from her foot with a few squeals of pain.  The cuts had stopped bleeding, at least.  That much they could be thankful for.  Sarah began picking at the scabs.
“Just put it on.”
“But—”
Esther grabbed the boot and began forcing it onto Sarah’s foot.  Sarah squealed again, but the boot slipped on without too much trouble.
“Why did you do that?” Sarah complained, but Esther ignored her.  Just then the fat guard threw open the door.
“Get up, you lazy Jews,” he announced.  “There is only one meal today.  If you do not get up, you do not eat.”
Esther bounded to her feet, dragging Sarah along with her.
“No, Esther.  Stop.”
“Come on, Sarah.  We have to go.”  She tugged on Sarah’s arm and was almost at the door when she heard the old woman scream.
“My boot!  Someone has stolen my boot!”
Esther dragged Sarah out the door and towards the feeding trough.  Lately, the guards had taken to feeding their prisoners in this barbaric way.  They would fill a trough with mush of some sort, usually scraps of bones and leftover vegetables boiled in a cooking pot, and force the prisoners to eat from it without any dishes or utensils of any kind.  It was base and degrading but the only alternative was to starve.  When the feeding trough was filled, the hungry women would queue up hurriedly and wait for their turn to feed like pigs.  Esther hoped to hide Sarah in the line up, but things did not go so easy.  The old woman had already caught sight of her old leather boot on Sarah’s foot, and she was hobbling after it.
“That’s my boot,” she scolded.  “She stole me boot.”
“Get back in line,” the big bull of a guard snapped reflexively, but the old woman did not hear him.  She heard nothing but the sound of her own indignant cries.  She saw nothing, not the guard, not the whip in his hand, nothing save the old leather boot on Sarah’s foot.  She pointed an accusing finger and marched adamantly forward.
“She stole my—”  And that was when the guard hit her, square on in the mouth with his huge fist.  She fell backwards but not down.  Blood dripped down her chin.  Now she saw the guard, but for some reason, she did not fear him.  She had lost everything—her house, her family, her dignity, and as silly as it sounded, she would not lose her boot.  She straightened up as if challenging him to strike her again and said very clearly.  “But it’s my boot.”
The guard looked momentarily stunned.  He could not have been afraid of her.  She was just an old woman who wanted her boot.  He must have outweighed her by a hundred pounds.  He could have beaten her senseless.  But he didn’t.  Instead, he pulled out his gun and shot her in the head.  She fell backwards and landed directly in the feeding trough with a splash.
There was a collective gasp of horror and then the women fell silent.  The bull guard seemed to delight in the moment.  He approached her twitching corpse and dragged it roughly out of the trough with one hand.  And then, for the first time, he noticed that she was missing a boot.  He turned back to Sarah, saw the other boot on her foot and laughed loudly.  
“Would you like a matching set?” he asked.  Sarah shook her head slowly.  “Like I’ve always said.  Animals.”  The guard turned his attention back to the crowd of women.  “You have five minutes to eat.  Get back in line.”  He holstered his pistol and went away still laughing to himself.
At first, the women were hesitant to approach the trough with the old woman’s corpse still beside it, but then the hunger overcame them and they ate.  What would her father and grandfather think of her if they saw this?  What if Henrik saw her?  Would he still want to marry her?  Even if he did somehow find her, and she miraculously survived this war, would she still be human?    
Esther thought she saw blood mixed in with the gruel.  Her stomach groaned with hunger.  She closed her eyes and reached into the trough.                 
#
Henrik’s father took the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross out of the velvet box and admired it in the palm of his hand.  “You must use the special polish I got for you, not that cheap stuff from Prague.  The Knight’s Cross is shiny now, but it won’t stay that way for long.  An officer must never wear a tarnished medal.  It is an insult to the Fatherland.”
“Yes, father.”  Henrik sipped his morning coffee.  
The embarrassment of the previous evening had been mostly erased by the excitement that had followed later that night.  Schliemann was arrested for murder, espionage and attempted robbery, and Henrik was proclaimed a hero for capturing him.  According to Henrik, Schliemann had broken into the treasure room and murdered the two guards with a special silenced pistol, but before he could make off with his loot, Henrik snuck up behind him and knocked him out.  With Major Koch, alias Neils Hollingsworth, on hand to corroborate Henrik’s version of the story, Schliemann didn’t have a chance.  
It just so happened that Schliemann had a long history of larceny, drunkenness and brutality.  In the minds of most of his superiors, it was only a matter of time before he graduated to murder.  Even Heydrich seemed unsurprised by the incident, albeit somewhat annoyed.  He ordered a full interrogation, which was paramount to a slow and painful execution.  And as for Klein, who was found unconscious in the upper hallway, he was promptly sentenced to two weeks in the hold for dereliction of duty.
There was only one weakness in Henrik’s story, and only one man that seemed to be bothered by it—Henrik’s father.
“Tell me again, Henrik.  Why were you down in the basement?”
Henrik shifted uncomfortably in his seat.  “Like I told you before, father.”
“Tell me again.”
“I was sick from bad champagne.”
“The Chancellery has the best champagne in all of Germany.”
“Too much champagne, then.  I saw Schliemann going down into the basement and I followed him.  That is it.”
“But why did you follow him?  Did you have reason to mistrust him?”
“No, not really.  I simply wanted the lavatory.”
Kessler Sr. shook his head.  “But the lavatory was right outside the ballroom door.”
Henrik shrugged.  “I must have missed it.  I wasn’t well.”
Kessler Sr. relit his pipe thoughtfully and Henrik braced himself for more subtle interrogation.  But then the old man just nodded.  Kessler had never really understood his son or trusted him.  But he loved him just the same.  And there was something more troubling to him than the unusual circumstances of Schliemann’s arrest.  He carefully placed the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross back in its velvet case and handed it back to his son.
“It is a great honor,” he said again.  “By the way, what did the Fuhrer whisper in your ear when he gave it to you?  You must forgive me for asking, but I really must know.”
Henrik sipped his coffee.  “I don’t recall.”
“Oh, surely you must remember.  After he fastened your medal, he put his lips right next to your ear and whispered something that only you could hear.  What was it?”
Henrik knew his father would not let it go.  He could hear the sound of the staff car arriving outside.  He put down his coffee and stood up.  “I think he said, ‘Bring me victory.’  Yes, that was it.”
Kessler Sr. was not satisfied.  “Are you sure?  I thought he said more than that.”
“No.  That was it.  Good bye, father.”  Henrik stuck out his hand.  Kessler Sr. looked at the hand and then stepped forward to embrace his son.  It was an uncharacteristic sign of affection that caught Henrik off guard.  Kessler had not hugged his son since he was a child.
“Never forget who you are,” he said, his arms still locked around his son’s back.  “Never forget.”  Henrik didn’t know what to say until at last his father released him.
“Of course, father,” he said, but the colonel had already turned away to retreat into his bedroom.  “Good bye, father,” Henrik said again, but there was no response.  A horn sounded outside.  Henrik turned to leave.
Henrik arrived at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute just after 9:00 a.m.  To Henrik, the Institute was the very epitome of modern science, the birthplace of genius.  It boasted more Nobel Prize winners than Cambridge or Oxford, more ground breaking experiments than Harvard or Yale.  The current head of the Institute was Werner Heisenberg, whose molecular theories had won him the Nobel Prize for physics in 1932.  More recently, Otto Hahn conducted the first successful fission experiment at the Institute just before the war.  In his youth, Henrik idolized these men of intellect and hoped to follow them into the rapidly changing world of future scientific discovery, but it was not meant to be.  The father had other plans for him.
“Lieutenant Kessler, how good of you to come,” Heisenberg was beaming.  “It is not very often that we have a genuine war hero in our midst.  You must regale us with your tales.  But not now.  The B8 experiment is about to begin.  Please have a seat.”  
The professor spoke quickly, like a rapid-fire machine gun, and Henrik could not tell if he was being mocked or praised.  He sat down on the well-worn rosewood seat and peered through the observation window.  Far below in a pool of cloudy water was a stack of metal blocks about twenty feet high arranged in concentric rings and spaced with thin layers of paraffin.  A signal was given and a scientist in a white lab coat threw a heavy electric switch.  Sparks flew briefly and after a few minutes, bubbles began to appear in the water.  The professor and his team gasped collectively.  
“What?  Do you not see?” the professor exclaimed with some surprise.  “The Geiger counter.”
Henrik peered up at the dial on the wall.  The radiation levels rose 90 REM.  Henrik shook his head.  “It’s not enough.”  Heisenberg’s face went red and Henrik hurried to explain.  “The fission reactor in Chicago reached 6000 REM.”
“Fission reactor?”  Heisenberg looked at Henrik skeptically.  “Nonsense.”
“I’ve seen it.”
Heisenberg seemed suddenly angry.  He squared his shoulders like an indignant schoolmaster about to reprimand a foolish child for arriving at an incorrect sum in arithmetic.  “They told me about you, lieutenant.  They told me that you had discovered some great secret in America and now you would be our teacher.”  He looked back over his shoulder, inviting his team to join him in the mockery.  Some laughed along with him, but some did not.  
“What university did you teach at, lieutenant?  What degrees do you have?  None?  And yet you presume to lecture us?  What is this big secret of yours?  What are we mere scientists doing wrong?”  
There was more laughter.  Henrik felt like he was back in grammar school.  Heisenberg may have been a genius, but he was apparently a genuine jerk as well.  Henrik felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up, but instead of backing down, he became suddenly bold.
“U-235,” he said sharply.  The laughing stopped and Heisenberg’s eyes widened.  “At your present rate of neutron production, you might possibly have enough U-235 to make a bomb in about a hundred and fifty years.  I know a better way.”
The scientists looked at Heisenberg with worried faces.  Heisenberg seemed to reel with the blow and then shot back with a verbal counterattack of his own.  “That is how I know you are lying about Chicago.  The Americans could never have produced a reactor nor will they ever make a bomb.  We may not have enough uranium 235 yet to support a sustained reaction, but they don’t have any.”
“No, professor, that is where you are wrong.  The Allies have gathered the top scientists in the world, many of them Germans, for a top-secret project called Manhattan.  The have enormous resources and they have plenty of U-235.”
“Bah!” 
Heisenberg waved his hand dismissively, but Henrik pressed on with even more righteous fervor.  “Thousands of scientists, millions of dollars all dedicated to one purpose—to build an atomic bomb before you do.  That is why I am here, professor.  I had hoped, no, I had prayed that your Uranverein was farther along than this.  But I see now that we are hopelessly behind.  I fear Germany is doomed.”
Heisenberg’s stern face seemed frozen in defiance.  Henrik feared that he had said too much.  These were the idols of his youth.  He should have shown more respect, seasoned his bitter words with sugar.  It couldn’t be easy to learn that your life’s work had been usurped by a vastly superior enemy power.  Heisenberg’s stern gaze remained locked on Henrik for a moment longer, and then it cracked into a smile.  
“Have no fear, my friend,” he said warmly.  He reached out slowly and put his hand on Henrik’s shoulder.  “This is not the extent of our efforts, but only a mere fraction of them.  I’m sorry I had to test you in this way, but I needed to know where you stood.  I took you for a simple fighter pilot, at best, at worst just another one of Heydrich’s spies.  You see, the obergruppenfuhrer has not always been my ally.  But you appear to be an educated man.  Where did you study?”
Henrik was still disoriented from the sudden turn of events, but he answered quickly enough.  “I didn’t, at least not formally, but I did attend one of Professor Hahn’s fission lectures back in Amsterdam in 1938.”  Otto Hahn nodded politely behind Heisenberg.
“One lecture?  What a quick study you are.  But where have you been?  Did the SS recruit you right out of school?  What a waste.”
Henrik sidestepped the question and gestured towards the B8 experiment.  “Then if this is not your latest effort, what is?”
“Ah.”  Heisenberg raised his finger.  “All in good time, my friend.  All in good time.”  Heisenberg turned to leave and Henrik felt a queer sensation in his stomach.  He was not lying about the Manhattan Project.  Time was running out for Germany and any other country that opposed the Allies and especially America.  It was an industrial monster that could not be matched—in tanks, in planes, in guns.  And if that industrial spirit were applied to the production of atomic bombs as well, there would be no stopping it.  Germany would be utterly annihilated.
But he could not tell them this.  They were too proud—all of them.  And part of him did not want to tell them.  That part still hoped for another life. 
#
Heydrich lit another cigarette and looked through the two-way glass at what was left of his chauffeur.  He still found it hard to believe that after three years, Schliemann had betrayed him.  But every man had his price, and Schliemann had a fondness for shiny things.
Colonel Hausenberg entered the steel door looking frustrated and weary.  Both of the SS Wolf Corps behind him were rubbing their bloody knuckles.
“So, who paid him off?  Was it Canaris?” Heydrich asked impatiently.  
Hausenberg sighed.  “He didn’t say.”
“He didn’t say?”
The colonel shook his head and flopped down on the steel chair next to Heydrich.  “Do you mind?”  He gestured for a cigarette.
“I’m sorry, Colonel.  I’m fresh out.  Now tell me what he did say.”
Hausenberg groaned.  “He kept babbling about some doctor.”
“A doctor?”
“And how Kessler wanted wine.”
“This doesn’t make sense.”
“No, it doesn’t.  But we already know he’s a thief.”
“A thief, not a traitor.  Why did he kill two guards?”
Hausenberg threw up his arms.  “He probably didn’t want to get caught.  He was drunk.  What can I tell you?  My guess is nobody paid him off.  He was after loot and Kessler just happened to be at the right place at the right time.  Now does anybody have a blasted cigarette?”  He looked at his two soldiers, but they just shrugged.
Heydrich rubbed the stubble on his chin.  Perhaps Kessler was too good to be true.  Capturing Schliemann.  Escaping from the British.  And what was he doing in that Jewish ghetto?  He said he was trying to reach the Reichsfuhrer, but something just didn’t add up.  There were numbers missing from the equation, important numbers.  Heydrich pulled a cigarette out of his picket and handed it to the beleaguered colonel.
“Oh, thank you, my obergruppenfuhrer.  Found one, did you?”
“Colonel, I have a job for you.”
“Another job?  How lucky I am.”
Heydrich ignored the sarcasm.  The colonel was tired, and although he enjoyed his work, Schliemann had been a tough nut to crack.  “I want you to locate the residents of that Jewish shack where Kessler was picked up.”
“The Jacobs?  We already checked them out.  The father was some kind of engineer in Amsterdam.  But they were already evacuated.”
“Yes, I know.  I signed the order.  I wanted to make sure I scooped up all of the admiral’s contacts.  Canaris has eyes everywhere.  I needed a big net.  But now I need to know where they’ve gone and who they are.”
“Westerbork,” the colonel said off the top of his head, taking another long drag of his cigarette.
“And then where.”
“Oh, I don’t know.  Bergen-Belsen maybe, or the Harz Mountains.  There’s a doctor at Dora-Mittelbau, an associate of Doctor Mengele in Auschwitz.  He might have snapped them up for his medical experiments, the girls anyways.  He likes girls.”
“And the men?”
“I don’t know.  I can send them anywhere you like, but what does it matter?  They’re just Jews.”
“Never mind that.  You say the father was an engineer?”  Heydrich rubbed at his stubble again.  It bothered him.  He liked to keep his face clean-shaven at all times, but he’d been so busy of late.  
“Do you want me to bring them in for questioning?”  The colonel looked at his beefy SS troopers.
“No, I don’t think so.  The admiral might get spooked.  Have him transferred to Peenemunde for the time being.  We’ll wait for someone to attempt contact.”
“And him?”  Hausenberg nodded over his shoulder at the bleeding man in the other room.
“Release him, I guess.” 
The colonel shook his head.
“You disapprove?  But I though you said he was innocent . . . of treason at least.  I wouldn’t want to waste a good killer like Schliemann over something as frivolous as petty theft and murder.”
“We’ve been interrogating him for nine hours straight.  He’s lost an eye and permanent use of his right arm.  He won’t be much use to you as a killer, but he’s not likely to forget what you’ve done to him.”
Heydrich looked at the broken sergeant and sighed.  “Make it quick.”
The colonel nodded, taking one last drag on his cigarette.  


Chapter 7: V-1
________________

In the night, Esther dreamed of Henrik.  They were back in Amsterdam before the war, before he’d left home.  He was wearing his new Luftwaffe uniform and she was wearing her favorite blue dress.  He took her to the cinema to see a German war film, and when Hitler appeared on the screen, Henrik stood up and exclaimed, “Heil Hitler” with a stiff salute.  Then the lights went out and he was gone.  She searched the dark theatre looking from face to face but he had simply disappeared.  She began crying uncontrollably like a little girl. 
She awoke to find Sarah sobbing beside her.
“It’s all right,” she said automatically, but then she followed her gaze up to the ceiling.  In the night, someone had tied the dead woman’s left boot to the rafters above them.  Sarah was looking at the boot as if it were a statue.  Esther became suddenly angry.  She climbed up on the edge of a nearby cot and pulled down the boot, breaking its weathered laces.  
“Who did this?” she screamed.  The morning sun crept in through the cracks in the walls casting yellow stripes on the pathetic mass of women’s bodies.  “Who did this?”  Esther repeated.  After an unbearable few seconds, an anonymous voice spoke in the semi-darkness.  
“Murderer,” it said coldly.  Esther reeled from the accusation almost as if she’d been shot, and then her face became hard.  
“Yes, I am a murderer.  But it was me.”  She held the boot high above her head.  “I stole this woman’s boot, and she was a kind woman, a good woman, and now she is dead.”  She threw the boot against the wall.  It bounced off dully and landed on the wooden floor with a thud.  “And God will judge me for it.”  
Esther stared into the sea of women’s faces daring them to answer her, but no one spoke.  After a while, they could no longer hold her gaze and fell into shielded whispers.  Sarah was still crying on the floor.  Esther felt the rage leave her and a wave of fatigue overcome her.  She fell down onto the floor and cradled her sister in her arms.
They marched on a country road for most of the day, an army of ragged, unwashed Jewish women, and although their effort increased, their progress decreased.  The lack of a proper food had left them chronically tired.  They were approaching the Harz Mountains.  Esther could see them in the distance, rising sharply from the horizon.  From time to time, villagers would pass them along the road.  
“Filthy Jew,” some would venture to say in hushed German voices, but most just looked on with a mild apprehension, or ignored them entirely.  By evening, they arrived at an old country farmhouse and slept in the open field.  The rain began around midnight and continued all the next day, but this did not halt their journey.  On they marched up the base of the Harz Mountains through the cold and mud.  No one spoke of the stolen boot.  Who wouldn’t steal a boot?
Sarah cried less now and Esther worried more.  At least when she cried, she cared about something.  She was alive.  Now she just stared off into nothingness with dead eyes.  She seemed to have no appetite and Esther practically had to force her to eat the morning gruel.  She no longer asked about father or grandfather.  She did not speak about anything.  
One afternoon as they were passing through a dense, pine forest, Esther noticed blood dripping from Sarah’s arm.  She must have cut herself on one of the sharp pine branches, but she had said nothing, nor did she attempt to stop the bleeding.  Esther washed the wound in the rain and dressed it as best she could with a piece of her dress until the bull guard caught her with the end of his whip.
“Keep moving,” he barked, drawing back his arm for another blow.  Even the guards were becoming drained by the long journey and they were eager to reach their final destination.  They would broach no delay.  Esther gathered up her sister and pushed forward through the forest hoping to escape another painful sting from the guard’s cruel whip.  By evening, they reached Dora-Mittelbau, a grim village of smoky sod shacks and low-ceilinged bunkhouses surrounded by barbed-wire fences and armed guard towers.  Esther could hear the sound of dogs baying and the repetitive pounding of hammers striking stone.
“Look, Sarah.  We’re here.  No more marching,” Esther said hopefully.
“Good.  I hope our furniture has arrived.”  Sarah looked up with vacant eyes.  Esther almost laughed, but then she realized her sister wasn’t joking.  She was delirious.
When they arrived at the camp, they were forced to wait outside in the yard.  Apparently the camp was already overcrowded.  Space must be made for them.  Esther cuddled up with her sister, but even between the two of them, there was no warmth to be had in the spring rain.  As darkness approached, a horn sounded and the residents filed out of their sod shacks.  They were like human skeletons, the walking dead.  They formed long lines and waited patiently for their inspection.  
After some time, a doctor in a white coat emerged from one of the wooden bunkhouses and approached the prisoners with an armed soldier flanking him on either side.  He held a clipboard and inspected the prisoners in the same way the doctor had at Westerbork.  Esther wondered if he was the same man.  Some of the prisoners were taken out of the line by the soldiers and separated.  Esther noticed that this new group seemed weaker than the rest.  Some of them had visible signs of infection and disease, boils on their faces, discoloration of their skin, hair loss and patches of white on their scalp.  There were about a hundred of them.  
After the doctor’s inspection was finished, they were led onto a train car to await whatever fate had been prearranged for them.  There was no sign of a train engine, but if there were tracks and train cars, then Esther assumed that train engines must pass this way eventually.  So why then had the women prisoners been forced to walk nearly to their deaths the whole way from Westerbork?  Esther could not fathom a reason except perhaps to inflict greater suffering. 
“Welcome to Dora-Mittelbau, your new home in hell.”  The bull guard was addressing the group of women.  He liked to talk and fancied himself a leader among his fellow NCOs.  This was not because of his rank.  He was a junior sergeant and there were two other senior sergeants above him.  But the bull had size in his favor and a particularly cruel temperament that served him well in this hell.  Esther got the impression that even his seniors feared him.  The prisoners certainly did.  “If you are lucky, you will work here until you die.  If you are not, you will follow those skeletons to a far greater horror.”
By now, darkness had descended upon the camp.  The prisoners were dismissed without a meal and Esther and Sarah followed the crowd of women wearily into the mud huts.  They were smoky, damp buildings that stank of sweat, urine and feces, but at least they were warm.  Esther curled up next to her sister and, for the first night in days, fell immediately into a deep, dreamless sleep.
In the morning, the women were assembled outside and inspected by the doctor before they were allowed to eat.  Esther could see that he was indeed the same doctor from Westerbork.  The train cars were still on the tracks, untouched, and she wondered if he would single out the weaker women to be added to the group already in the cars.  Was it better to be in the train or to stay at Dora-Mittelbau?  There was no way to know.
“Open your mouth,” the doctor said softly in German, and Esther complied.  She wanted to remind him of Westerbork, to tell him that she had already been chosen, but chosen for what?  “Yes,” the doctor said as if noticing something significant.  “You two are sisters, no?  Are you twins?”
Esther nodded hopefully.  Sarah said nothing, staring blankly down into the mud.  They were not twins, of course.  Sarah was two years younger than Esther, but she was tall for her age and her breasts had sprouted early.  She had already begun to turn the heads of grown men.  Physically, at least, she was already a woman, but not mentally or emotionally.  She could not fathom what was happening to her.  Esther feared she was not old enough or strong enough to survive the trauma of this horrible war.  And if she did survive, what scars would she carry with her for the rest of her adult life?
“Come with me,” the doctor said kindly to Esther and Sarah.  Then he turned to address the bull guard and now his tone was much more abrupt and forceful.  “The rest can go.  Come back for these two in an hour,” he said.  Unlike the rest of the Germans, the doctor seemed to have no fear of the bull, or anyone else.  In fact, he seemed very much at home in this godforsaken camp.  He reminded Esther, in an odd way, of her own family doctor in Amsterdam, gentle, soft-spoken and kind.  He was even about the same age.  But how could a man like that work in a place like this?  
Esther took her sister’s hand and followed the doctor into bunkhouse 101.  Behind her, she could hear the hideous crack of the bull’s whip and the whimper of the unlucky women as they were marched away to some unknown location.  How they must hate her and Sarah?
Inside the bunkhouse, there were two rows of hospital beds, an operating table, sinks, and glass medicine cabinets, everything that a modern hospital would have.  And it was clean and warm.  It was as if everything outside the bunkhouse—the war, the prison camps, the suffering—was just some horrible nightmare and not real at all.  An idea occurred to Esther.  Perhaps they had been chosen to help the doctor, to be his nurses or assistants.  Maybe they would stay here for the rest of the war in this nice, clean bunkhouse.  The hope was almost unbearable.
“All right, frauleins,” the doctor said kindly.  “Please remove of your clothing and lie down on the bed.  I will be with you in a moment.”     
#
A black Mercedes staff car hummed in the driveway, the back door open.  It was an expensive vehicle with a convertible roof, Corinthian leather upholstery and a license plate that read SS-3 in bold black letters.  In the back seat was Reichsprotektor Heydrich.  Henrik could feel his heart pounding in his chest.
“Good morning, Lieutenant Kessler,” Heydrich said as Henrik entered the black Mercedes.  “I hope all is going well at the Institute.”
“Yes, obergruppenfuhrer.”  Henrik steeled himself for the subtle interrogation that must surely follow.  He may not have made friends at the Institute but he shared their distrust of Heydrich.  Nevertheless, he was forced to ask himself:  where did his loyalties fall?  Heydrich was his direct superior now.  Surely he must report his progress.  “Things are going well,” he said vaguely.
“Good, good.”  Heydrich handed Kessler a black pillowcase.  “Put this on.  The location of the weapons testing facility is a state secret known only to a handful of officers in the Third Reich.”
Henrik looked at the pillowcase.  “We will not be going to the Institute then?” he asked stupidly.  
“No, not today.”  He looked at the pillowcase.  “Hurry, now.  We have a long drive ahead of us.”
Henrik wondered if he’d dodged a bullet merely to step on a mine.  He put the pillowcase over his head and nearly choked.  It smelled grotesquely of mothballs.
“That’s the way.  Comfortable?  Then we may go.  Driver!”
It was a long, uncomfortable drive to the secret weapons facility, especially with the rancid pillowcase over his head.  As part of his training under Admiral Canaris, Henrik had learned to focus his abilities to recall and identify sounds, physical sensations and even directional changes with alarming accuracy.  He could detect a temperature drop in the air of less than one degree, decode a ten-tone chord on the piano by ear, read a thousand page textbook in a few minutes with perfect retention.  
According to Canaris, these were abilities well within the reach of ordinary men, but very few possessed the self-discipline to develop them.  Henrik, on the other hand, was born with them.  In his mind’s eye, he saw the strange coded paper he’d found in the Chancellery Archive, and as the staff car arrived at its final destination, Henrik knew exactly where he was—a place marked simply as P. 
“Okay, Herr Kessler.  We’re here,” Heydrich said with a yawn just before his voice was drowned out by the loud roar of an engine.  He pulled the pillowcase off of Henrik’s head.  “I’m starving, and I simply must use the lavatory,” he continued.  Another engine roared.  “I hate coming here.  Always so noisy, and the smell.”  He pinched his nose comically.  “It’s never good to stay outside too long.  You never know when something is going to blow up.  Come on.  Let’s go.”  
Henrik followed Heydrich out of the car and into a massive concrete bunker nearly four stories high.  The compound was built like a prison, with an electrified, barbed-wire fence all around and a heavily armed front gate.  There were guards everywhere with MP40 machine guns, but they looked edgy and nervous and Henrik imagined they, too, would prefer to be inside the bunker.  
“Excuse me, obergruppenfuhrer, but what is this place?”
“Welcome to Peenemunde,” he said dramatically, “home of the Fuhrer’s secret vengeance weapons.  They are still at the experimental stages, I’m afraid.  Little more than firecrackers.  But perhaps with your new information, they can finally be put to some use.” 
Heydrich and Henrik turned to see a tall young man in a white lab coat enter from a front office.  “Heil Hitler,” he said formally with a raised hand, and when the salute was returned by Heydrich, a warm smile overtook his expression.  “Obergruppenfuhrer Heydrich, what a pleasant surprise.”
“Professor von Braun, I’d like to introduce Lieutenant Henrik Kessler.  He will be joining the Uranverein shortly.”  
“The Uranverein.”  Von Braun nodded his approval.  The professor was an amiable fellow with handsome almost movie-star good looks and a warm air about him, not the kind of man that Henrik had imagined would be designing weapons of war for a living.  “So, Obergruppenfuhrer Heydrich, what brings you to my humble facility?”
“Your lack of progress,” Heydrich snapped.  “The V-1 was promised—”
“And it is ready,” von Braun interrupted with a winning smile.  “I have prepared a special demonstration for you.  Would you like to see it?”
“Of course.”
“Right this way.”  Von Braun marched off briskly in the direction of the tower elevator and Heydrich and Henrik followed mutely behind.  Secretly Henrik was impressed with the way the professor had handled the obergruppenfuhrer.  Heydrich was a dangerous man, a rising star in the Third Reich and the wielder of unspeakable power.  And yet, von Braun had silenced him with just a few, polite words, at least for the moment.
“For your sake, professor, I hope this demonstration goes better than the last one,” Heydrich commented sourly as he stepped into the stainless steel elevator.  Von Braun just laughed as if it had been a joke, which Henrik was fairly certain it was not.
“The A-4 rocket is an extremely sophisticated piece of machinery.  We have had several successful test flights since then.  But that is not what you came here to see.”  The elevator doors opened and von Braun stepped out into a large observation room.  He conferred briefly with several technicians dressed in similar white lab coats and then turned his attention back to Heydrich.  “If you’d like to come this way, I’ll show you the fully operational Fieseler Fi-103, or as you like to call it, the V-1.”
Following Heydrich’s lead, Henrik stepped forward and looked out the thick, plate-glass observation window.  Below was a ramp like a ski jump, maybe 400 yards long, with a rail track built onto it.  At the start of the ramp there was a small, oddly shaped airplane with a jet engine piggy-backed on top of it.
“The V-1 carries a quarter-ton payload and can reach speeds in excess of 500 miles per hour.  It uses diesel fuel and is remarkably cheap to mass produce, being made almost entirely of steel and plywood.”
“Where’s the cockpit?” Henrik asked.
“There’s no cockpit, lieutenant.  This is a robot plane.  It flies entirely by our remote guidance system.”
“And how does it land?  Surely not on those rails.”
“Land?”  Von Braun laughed.  “It does not land.  It explodes.  It is a bomb.”
Before Henrik could ask another question, fire belched loudly from the jet of the V-1 in rhythmic pulses.  The plane stumbled forwards a few yards and stopped.  Henrik feared that something had gone wrong, but then the catapult mechanism in the ramp engaged and the V-1 took off like a bullet from a gun.  
In moments, the robot plane had accelerated to full speed.  Within a few minutes, it had disappeared over the horizon, although its loud, pulsing engines could still be heard at a great distance.  Henrik had never seen an airplane, not even his Mustang X-50, fly that fast.  He felt a sudden swell of German pride.
“Congratulations, professor.  It didn’t blow up on the launch pad this time.  But what is its range?”
“Well,” von Braun backpedaled, “we’re still working on that problem.  There are many factors which—”
“Can you reach London?”
“Not from here, but possibly from the north of France.”
“Possibly?”
“Yes.”  Von Braun nodded as if trying to convince himself.  “From Calais or Dunkirk, I’m almost certain we could reach London, or the English coast at the very least.”
“And the V-2 rocket?”
“Oh, most certainly, as soon as we have ironed out the logistics of the guidance system, of course.”
Heydrich seemed unimpressed.  “I want both vengeance weapons in mass production by the end of this year.  Use the dissident camps.  Requisition as many workers as you need.  The Fuhrer has given this project top priority.”
Henrik’s ears burned.  So they were using the prisoner camps to build von Braun’s vengeance weapons.  Perhaps the Jacobs family would be taken to one of these camps.  They were educated.  They could read schematics and use specialized tools and machinery.  It was a remote hope, but at least it was hope.
“Obergruppenfuhrer, might I be allowed to see the V-1 production facility?” Henrik asked shyly.
“Why would you want to see a factory?  Dirty, disgusting places.”  Heydrich looked at Henrik with a puzzled expression on his long, sallow face.
Henrik thought quickly.  “I have never seen a weapons production facility.  It might give me some insight into future design limitations for a uranium fission device.” 
“But these are only prototypes,” von Braun protested.  “Large scale production was to be moved to Mittelwerk once the tunnels were completed.  Obergruppenfuhrer, this is highly irregular.”
Heydrich smiled at Henrik.  “All in good time, Herr Kessler.  All in good time.”  He turned back to von Braun.  “Of course, professor.  We will visit the Mittelwerk factory when it has begun operation.”
The professor regained some of his composure.  “Thank you for your interest in this project, obergruppenfuhrer.  We will redouble our efforts.”
“Of course you will.  Your life depends upon it.”
Von Braun led them out of the bunker with the same enthusiasm with which he had led them in, but Henrik could sense a change in his demeanor.  He was a man under pressure.  He faced a deadline for his works of wizardry, and dire consequences if this deadline was not met.  What any of this had to do with the uranium bomb, Henrik could not imagine.  
Nevertheless he was fascinated by von Braun and his experiments.  He couldn’t help but wonder to what uses they could have been put in peacetime.  But then, in peacetime, no one would ever put up the money to have such things built.  It was a paradox of war that it often produced the greatest progress for mankind and the greatest suffering at the same time.
When they reached the staff car, a large black and white object that looked very much like a giant bomb was just being erected on a concrete pad in the distance.  It stood about 30 feet high, perfectly streamlined and tapered smoothly to a lance-like point at the top.  Around the base were four square-shaped stabilizer fins, similarly painted with alternating patterns of black and white.  
Was this Hitler’s secret weapon—a giant bomb?  At Pearl Harbor, the Japanese sunk the Arizona with a 1000-pound bomb, but this was ten times the size.  How could they deliver such a weapon?  Germany didn’t have bombers that were big enough.  Nobody had bombers that were big enough.
“We better get out of here before they fire that thing,” Heydrich said inexplicably, looking up at the black and white bomb with some trepidation.
“What is it?” Henrik asked.
“Von Braun’s pet project—the A-4, or as it has been re-designated by Reich Command, the V-2 rocket.  I think he plans to go to the moon in it.”
“So that’s the V-2.  It’s so big.”  Henrik looked on with wonder.  “And it flies without a pilot?”
“Oh, yes.  It flies.  At speeds in excess of 3000 miles per hour, it is impossible to shoot down.  But most of the time it just blows up on the launch pad.”  Heydrich waited for the driver to open his door.
“Obergruppenfuhrer, I hope you will not misunderstand me.  I have enjoyed our visit, but there is apparently no atomic research being done here.  Why did you bring me here?”
“What good is a bomb if we cannot deliver it?” Heydrich asked simply.  “As much as General Goering likes to blow his own horn, we have no long range bombers and three years of war have greatly depleted the Luftwaffe’s resources.  But if von Braun’s V-2 can deliver your uranium device—why, such a weapon would be invincible.  London, Moscow, even Washington would be wiped off the face of the earth in the blink of an eye.  Germany would rule the world with an iron fist.”  
Heydrich’s eyes seemed to light up with the prospect.  But then he looked at the A-4 rising in the distance and hurried into the back seat.  “Come on, Henrik.  Before that thing kills us all.”
#
When Henrik returned home late that afternoon, he found a blue duck feather stuffed in his mailbox, and knew immediately what it meant.  Although he had not yet eaten an evening meal, he did not enter his house, nor did he knock.  Instead, he waited patiently outside the front door until Heydrich’s staff car was well out of sight and then proceeded directly down the garden path to the duck pond where he had first met his mentor and guide five years ago.  
As the son of a colonel, Henrik had never had what most Germans would consider a normal childhood.  While Henrik and his mother lived in permanent residence in Berlin, his father spent most of his days touring airbases across the country.  The only time they were together as a family was at the cottage.  As one would expect, Henrik both feared and idolized his father, in equal parts, but he never really knew him. 
When his mother passed away from cancer in her bowels, Henrik moved to the cottage to be raised by servants.  By then, his father was already a complete stranger to him, and he to his father.  Desperate to please him, Henrik followed his father into the air force as soon as he was old enough to enlist.  He excelled in flight training and was well on his way to a long and honorable career in the Luftwaffe.  He hoped that one day, this would make his father proud.
But Henrik had other unique talents—talents that Kessler Sr. knew nothing about—talents that would soon be considered invaluable to the Third Reich—talents that were beginning to draw the attention of a certain German spymaster.  
One afternoon in late September when Henrik was on leave at the cottage, the old colonel had a discreet visit from Admiral Canaris, the semi-retired commander of the Graf Spee.  Henrik thought nothing of this at first.  His father was a celebrated war hero with many admirers in all branches of the military.  He listened intently as the two men discussed past glories and current world events, and then the admiral asked if he might have a private conference with the young lieutenant.  Kessler Sr. of course agreed and Canaris took Henrik for a leisurely walk down the garden path to the little duck pond. 
For an admiral, Canaris was remarkably warm and charming.  He seemed oddly intrigued by Henrik’s quirky knack for solving puzzles, sketching landscapes and picking up foreign languages.  These talents were of little use to a modern aviator, so Henrik was a little embarrassed to speak of them.  But then the admiral pulled out a detailed relief map of North America and showed it to Henrik.
“What do you think?” he asked.
“I don’t know.  It’s very impressive.”
Canaris took back the map after only a few seconds.  “Do you think you could remember it?”
“Yes,” Henrik said without any reservations.
Canaris raised an eyebrow.  “Draw it for me.”
“What?  Here?”
He took a step backwards, picked up a stick off the ground and handed it to Henrik.  “Right here in the dirt.”  
  Henrik shrugged and in a few minutes he’d traced out a detailed map of North America in the rich brown soil completely from memory.  The admiral studied the dirt drawing for a minute, a grave expression on his face, and then proceeded to kick it away with great vigor. 
“I don’t understand.  Did I make a mistake?” Henrik asked. 
“No.  That’s just it.  There were hundreds of details on that map, and you memorized every one in a single glance,” the admiral said softly, his high-cropped riding boots rubbing out the final ridges of the eastern seaboard.  “In my vast experience of the world, I’ve known of three people, perhaps four, who could do what you just did, and two of them are already dead.  You must tell no one of this.”  
Henrik was dumbfounded.  What did it matter that he could draw a map in the dirt?  It was nothing.  A parlor trick.  He’d always been able to do it.
“I suppose you were a good student in school?”
Henrik blanched.  He was not a good student, quite the opposite in fact.  He never listened, never studied and was always in trouble.  When his test papers came back without a mistake, his teachers suspected him of cheating and failed him.  Sometimes they even beat him.  So Henrik learned early on to make mistakes.  
“No, I don’t suppose you were.  Learned to lie, did you?  No, don’t be ashamed.  You’ll find that lying is an important skill, perhaps even more important in war than flying or shooting.”  Canaris lit his pipe and blew a smoke ring into the air.  
“I’ve come here, Herr Kessler, to make you a proposition.  There’s a war coming, a big war, bigger than the world has ever seen.  I understand that you’ve had your heart set on following your father into the air force, but I believe this to be a waste of your talents, a waste of Germany’s human resources.  I have it in my power to commandeer your services, but I would prefer that your participation was voluntary.”
“Participation in what?”
“The Special Forces.  You have unique talents, lieutenant, and frankly, your country needs those talents if it is to survive the next few years.  Despite what you’ve been taught all your life, there is no more glory in dying in the air than there is on the ground.  The only glory is doing what you can for your country.  The only glory is doing your duty.”
Henrik did not answer right away.  In fact, it took several months for the admiral to woo the young lieutenant away from the Luftwaffe and into the Special Forces.  As it turned out, the dignified, soft-spoken semi-retired admiral was also head of the Abwehr, the largest intelligence gathering organization in the Third Reich.  He was Germany’s master spy.  Under his tutelage, Henrik learned to put his unique talents to a very special use.  
He learned to speak American English with an authentic New York accent.  He memorized the batting averages of the best baseball players, popular lines from American movies and every borough and suburb of every city in the U.S.  He learned to like hotdogs and bubblegum and Coca-cola.  He became a real American Joe.  Unlike most deep-cover operatives who required long years of training, Henrik was able to absorb the culture of the enemy in a matter of months.
And then it was time for Lieutenant Henrik Kessler to leave his old life behind—his country, his family, his fiancé, even his name, and start his new life as Lieutenant Ray Douglas of the Fighting Marines.  It was his duty.  It was his mission.  But after three long years, his mission was finally over, and Henrik Kessler was back.
The admiral was waiting for him by the duck pond, just as Henrik knew he would be, a small loaf of bread in his hand and a large flock of ducks and starlings all around him.
“Funny how they throw all caution to the wind for the simple taste of bread,” he said without any preamble.  “For ten franks worth of flour I could have a dozen meals of roast duck.  I do love duck.  So much richer than chicken, don’t you think?”
“Well, I—”
“So what did they offer you to change sides, my young SS lieutenant?  Something more than a few scraps of bread, I hope.”
“I haven’t changed sides,” Henrik said, suddenly defensive.
“You haven’t?”  He straitened up and looked over his shoulder in the direction of the road.  “But wasn’t that the Reichsprotektor’s car I saw you in?”
“Yes, but—”
“Do you not answer to him then?  The head of SD, second only to Himmler and the Fuhrer himself?”
“Yes, but he’s your . . .”
“My protégé?”
“Your friend.  We’re all on the same side, are we not?”
“Ah.”  Canaris held up the half devoured loaf of bread as if it were a teacher’s pointer.  “That’s where you are wrong.  We Germans, we are a lot like these greedy little ducks.”  He pointed at the ducks with his bread.  The ducks followed the loaf greedily with their eyes.  “See how they all congregate together like an army.  But they are not an army.  They are birds of a feather, yes, but each is at war with the other.  Observe.”  Canaris tossed what was left of his loaf onto the rocks.  The ducks swarmed towards it, each duck snapping at the other duck’s behind, desperate to claim the entire loaf as his own.
“The SS, the Gestapo, the Wehrmacht, the Abwehr, we are all Germans, yes, but we are not all on the same side.  We are all on our own side.  My question, Henrik, is on which side are you?”
Henrik felt suddenly flustered.  A lot had changed since he’d left for his mission three years ago.  Back then the Abwehr was the most powerful arm of Germany’s vast and complex intelligence bureaucracy, and Admiral Canaris, as its head, was the tail that wagged the dog.  But now Himmler’s SD was encroaching on the admiral’s territory, and Heydrich, Himmler’s rising star in the Third Reich, was threatening to usurp even the admiral’s authority.  
Such things were never spoken out loud, but Henrik had surmised as much shortly after his capture in Holland.  In the old days, Canaris would have snatched up a returning operative long before the SD ever caught wind of him.  Was the old admiral slipping, or was there another game being played that Henrik still knew nothing about?
“There’s a girl,” Henrik began tentatively.
“A girl?”  Canaris looked up from the ducks and peered at Henrik over the rim of his glasses.  
“I heard . . . things in America.  I figured it was just rumors, but I needed to find out.  I needed to be sure.”
“What kind of things?  No, wait.  Let me put this in perspective.”  Canaris seemed to be somehow enjoying himself.  “You jeopardized your mission, recklessly risked your life, and lied about having top-secret information, all because you heard some ‘things’ about a girl? What could you possibly have heard about her in America?  Was she having second thoughts?  Was she pregnant?  Was she flaunting her infidelity on the world stage for all to see?  Why Henrik, you amaze me.”
“No.  It was nothing like that.”  Henrik wondered if he was making a dire mistake.  How could he explain himself?  “She’s a Jewish girl,” he said at last.  
Canaris had never been a public advocate of Hitler’s policy against the Jews, but he was rarely a public advocate of any policy.  Henrik knew he had many Jewish contacts, both in Germany and abroad, but that meant little.  Before Henrik had left for America, Canaris was in regular communication with high-ranking officials in the Vatican, the Kremlin, Paris, London and even Washington, all through various aliases of course.  But as for his personal feelings towards Jews, Henrik could only guess.
“I see,” he said seriously.  “And her name?”
“Esther Jacobs.  She’s the daughter of Eli Jacobs, a Dutch businessman and former physics professor and engineer at the University of Amsterdam.”
The admiral rubbed his chin thoughtfully.  “I’ll see what I can do, but I will not hold out much hope.  The Jewish question.”  He shook his head.  “It has become troublesome.”  
Henrik felt a glimmer of hope, overshadowed by a much large doubt.  Did Canaris mean the Jews were troublesome or that Hitler’s policy against them was troublesome?  Henrik decided not to push the issue until he knew exactly where the admiral stood.  Perhaps he had said too much already.
“Admiral, what do you want me to do now?”
“What?  Keep up the act, of course.”  He patted Henrik on the back encouragingly, his mood suddenly jovial again.  “No, I think maybe this is a good thing you’ve got going with the obergruppenfuhrer.  He seems to trust you.  Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got a date with Herr Heydrich myself.”
“You do?” Henrik said aghast.
“I ride with the man at least once a month.  We are the best of friends.  Didn’t you know?  Keep your friends close, and your enemies . . .  Well, you know the saying I’m sure.  Farewell, my friend, and Godspeed.”          
The admiral’s cryptic comments left Henrik plenty to ponder.  Needless to say, he could not sleep that night.  He saw now Hitler’s plan in all of its glory.  Few people had truly envisioned the awesome potential of the atom.  It was doubtful that even Canaris fully understood it.  But Henrik had been at the briefing at Los Alamos when Oppenheimer explained the theoretical implications of an atomic fission or fusion device and the burning need to reach this milestone in human scientific discovery before the Nazis did.  
If an atomic bomb were ever built, he said, it would dwarf all other forms of conventional warfare.  It would be unlike anything the world had ever seen, capable of killing thousands, even millions of people, leveling buildings and laying waste to crops and fields for decades to come.  Coupled with von Braun’s V-2 rockets, it would be a source of unspeakable power.  
Henrik saw the great cities of the west—London, Paris, Washington and New York—burning beneath a Nazi flag.  And he was suddenly afraid. 


Chapter 8: 262 Me
________________

“Come now, fraulein.  There’s no need to fear.  I am a doctor.”
Esther looked at her sister and then up at the doctor.  He was smiling like a gentle grandfather.  She felt suddenly foolish.  Here she was in a foreign land, beaten, exhausted, starving, in constant fear of death, and yet still afraid to disrobe in front of a man.  What more could they do to her?  She turned to her sister.
“Come on, Sarah,” she whispered quietly in her sister’s ear.  “We better do what he says.”  She began unbuttoning Sarah’s tattered, filthy dress.  Sarah did not move.
“That’s better,” the doctor said and then turned away to arrange his instruments on a rolling, stainless steel table.  
The examination lasted about half an hour.  It was awkward, invasive and uncomfortable but not overtly painful.  The doctor spoke little except to comment on the scrapes and bruises he discovered on their naked bodies and to ask what and how often they’d eaten.
“You are not identical twins,” he said, a little disappointed, “but you’ll do.  Your sister appears to be suffering from shock.  I’d like to give her a little sedative, if you don’t mind.”  He didn’t wait for an answer, picking up a syringe from his metal table and injecting it into Sarah’s bare arm.  Sarah did not even flinch.  The doctor put the syringe back on the table and removed his gloves.  There was a knock at the door and then the bull guard appeared in the doorway with an evil smirk on his ugly face.  He was about to enter but the doctor held up his hand.
“Well, my dear frauleins, it appears our time is up.”  He put the empty syringe on the metal table and removed his rubber gloves.  “Report back to me tomorrow, will you, before heading to the tunnels.”  The doctor pushed his metal table into the other room, apparently oblivious of the guard who stood leering in the doorway.  Esther grabbed her dress immediately to hide her nakedness, but Sarah lay naked and motionless on the bed.  
The bull guard laughed.  “Come as you are.  It matters not to me.”
Esther dropped her blue dress and reached for her sister’s brown one.  “Come on, Sarah.”  She pulled her sister up to a sitting position and pulled the dress over her head.  Then she grabbed her own filthy dress and slipped it on.  She looked back at the guard, but he was no longer in the doorway.  Was he waiting outside, allowing them this last shred of dignity?  She felt a presence behind her and spun around.  The guard was directly behind her.  Panic gripped her.  Would the doctor return if she screamed?  Would he even care if the bull guard beat them right in his hospital or maybe even raped them?
“Don’t forget your boot,” the guard scorned, holding up the stolen leather boot in his huge, ape-like hand.  “It cost you so dearly.”  He dropped the boot and headed out the door, laughing.
Esther scrambled to finish dressing her sister, her heart still racing.  The guard would not wait long.  She knew that.  She abandoned the buttons on Sarah’s dress and quickly dressed herself.  The guard was already twenty yards down the path by the time Esther and Sarah reached the door.  He looked back and swore at them in German.  He was reaching for his whip.  
“Come on, Sarah.”  Esther dragged her sister through the doorway and along the path.  She would not talk.  She would not even respond.  She would not let anything of this cruel world into her mind, not even her own sister’s voice.  Maybe it was better this way, Esther thought.  Block it out.  Block it all out.
The whip flashed, its long, snake-like fangs seeking the creamy white flesh of Sarah’s partially exposed back, and for the first time, Esther did not step in its way.  She stood aside and watched as the lash came down directly on her sister’s back, causing a thin line of red to appear almost instantly.  A sound escaped from Sarah’s mouth—not a cry as such, more like an unnatural exhaling of breath, like the last gasp when a soul leaves a dying body.  It was a horrible sound and Esther felt as if her heart would break.  
The guard felt nothing at all, except a mild bewilderment that his weapon had not drawn forth the intended scream.  He coiled it, ready to strike again, but by this time Esther had regained her sister’s hand and pulled her out of reach.  The guard cursed them but did not hurry to follow.  
The cave was not far away—a gaping hole blasted into the solid rock face.  Esther couldn’t guess what it was for.  A mine?  A prison?  The doctor called it a tunnel, but a tunnel to where?  To hell?  Soulless women were toiling at the entrance, loading jagged rocks into buckets, their hands bleeding, their eyes all the more bitter for their extra hour of labor.  Henrik would never find her here.  She was buried under a mountain in the middle of Germany. 
And what would she do if he found her?  Would she leave with him and abandon her sister?  But these were just foolish thoughts.  They were trapped behind miles of barbed wire and machine guns and he was only one man and a German.  He couldn’t do anything.  He probably wasn’t even looking anymore.  He would never come.  He’d probably forgotten all about her.  
Esther looked up at the cave and all at once she knew what it was—a tomb.  Despite what other purpose the Germans had for this ghastly hole in the ground, it would be her tomb, and she would never leave it. 
#
Early Monday morning, Henrik boarded a Junker passenger liner bound for Gotha.  Gotha was a major center of uranium production and Henrik was dispatched by Heisenberg to somehow speed the whole process up.  He wasn’t sure whether this was a fool’s errand or a genuine overture to become a full-fledged member of the Uranverein.  
Heisenberg was a cautious man, secretive of his experiments and not entirely trusting of his new associate.  So far he had resisted Henrik’s so called ‘new information’ or any notion that the American scientists could somehow be ahead in their efforts to build a uranium fission device.  Henrik didn’t know if it was suspicion that restrained him or just German pride.  But now at least Henrik would have a chance to demonstrate his worth.  Little did he know there would be an added surprise on this particular trip—a British spy by the name of Neils Hollingsworth.
“Why Henrik, what a pleasant surprise.  Nobody told me there would be a celebrity aboard this flight.”
Henrik winced.  He began immediately to search for a seat some distance away from Neils but the plane was packed.  Apparently General Goering was hosting a tour of his newest airplane factory in Gotha and all the spare Luftwaffe officers in Berlin were required to attend.
“No, Henrik.  Sit here with me, back by the toilets.  It might not smell too rosy but at least we can be alone together and have a pleasant chat.  I’m afraid you don’t have any choice,” Neils said ominously, and then he held up his steinhager of Schnapps.  “There are no other seats anywhere else, and we’re sitting right next to the galley cart.  We can drink as much as we want.”
Henrik scanned the crowded plane one last time in a vain hope, and then headed resignedly down the aisle.  After a forced exchange of pleasantries, he fell silent, brooding over a cup of black currant tea and gazing sedately out the window.  The view from the Junker transport was breathtaking, the rich, fertile Elbe River Valley a gentle green beneath the rugged backdrop of the white-capped Harz Mountains in the distance.  But the ride was anything but pleasant.  Turbulence rocked the heavy, twin-engine passenger liner spilling Henrik’s hot tea on his lap.  
Henrik never liked flying.  Oh, he loved testing new aircraft and dog fighting in powerful fighter planes, but he was never fond of riding in the back of the bus, so to speak, in a crowded passenger liner.  He remembered taking a trip once with his father in the Graf Zeppelin before the war.  How elegant and peaceful it was!  You could sit down at a table, eat a pleasant meal and never have to worry about spilling your tea.  But all that had changed.  The last dirigible was destroyed three years ago shortly after the Hindenburg disaster, and the great, elegant ships of the sky became little more than a footnote in history. 
“Masterfully done,” Hollingsworth said with a puff of his cigarette.  “I just wish I’d been there when you delivered the coup de grace.  Maybe you can save me one next time.”  He was rambling about the two German guards again.  Something about their cold-blooded murder appealed to him.  Neils seemed to have a particular fascination with wet work, but he was wrong to assume that Henrik shared his passion.
In three years of espionage work in the United States, Henrik had never killed an American because he never had to.  He wouldn’t have killed the British pilots over the Channel or the German guards at the Reich Chancellery either if it hadn’t been necessary.  Killing didn’t give him pleasure, or guilt.  It was just mildly distasteful, like sour grapes in his mouth.  He just happened to be good at it.  Neils, on the other hand, used his flag as a license to do what he liked to do anyways.  When he killed, he felt something too.  He felt joy.
“Masterfully done,” he said again.  “And now, you must tell me about your work with the Uranverein.”  Neils lowered his voice just a little.
“You first.”
The British spy puffed his Turkish cigarette and looked at Henrik thoughtfully.  “As you wish.  The paper you found in the Chancellery Archive is a map of every base and labor camp in Germany.  We’ve decoded some of the symbols based on known locations, but there are still a few that continue to baffle us.  I was hoping that your excursion yesterday with Heydrich might shed some light on our problem.”
“And Esther?”
“That all depends on what you tell me.”
Henrik could taste the smoke from Neils’ cigarette and it made him want to vomit.  “Schweinhundt,” he said under his breath.  This man knew nothing about Esther’s whereabouts.  How could he?  It was all just lies.  Henrik sighed.  “He took me to some kind of weapons testing facility, Peenemunde, he called it.”
Neils nodded.  “Go on.  What kind of weapons?”
“A robot plane.”
“The V-1?”  His excitement was growing.
“Yes.  It flies by a remote guidance system.”
“How far?  How fast?  I need details.”
“It’s fast, all right, faster than the fastest fighter.  It uses a jet engine.  But I don’t know how far.  Enough to cross the Channel from Calais to London.”
Neils went quiet, his irritating British confidence suddenly deflated.  So far Britain had managed to thwart Germany’s plans for invasion.  Operation Sea Lion was literally dead in the water, but the Luftwaffe’s continuous bombing raids had taken their toll.  England’s cities were in ruins and the RAF defenses were spread desperately thin.  It was doubtful they could stand up under another barrage of fast moving, mass-produced, robotic bombs.  Henrik couldn’t help but smile.
“And what about the others?” Neils asked, butting out his cigarette into the ashtray.
“What others?”
“The V-2 and V-3?”
“I saw a rocket, a big one, maybe thirty feet tall, but Heydrich didn’t have much confidence in it.  I think it’s not ready yet.  I never heard anything about a V-3.”
Neils became agitated.  “It’s a super canon, an enormous gun that can fire clear across the Channel.”
“I never heard anything—”
“You’ll have to go back.”
“What?  Are you crazy?”
“You have to take out that gun before it can fire.  At the very least, get me the coordinates and I’ll pass them on to SIS.  They can send in the bombers.  We have to take out that gun.  The war may depend upon it.”
Henrik laughed ironically.  Some of the other officers turned to see what was so funny, but Neils just tipped his glass and waved them away.
“Look, Major Koch,” Henrik said angrily.  “I’m not your spy and I don’t care about your war.  I’m here for one reason and one reason alone, and I’m starting to think you can’t help me with that anymore.  Maybe you never could.  I’m starting think I’d be better off on my own and you’d be better off up against a wall with a dozen German bullets in your gut.”
Neils smiled coldly.  “45 days.”
“What?”
“45 days,” he repeated.  “That’s the average life expectancy of a prisoner in the death camps.”
“That’s just propaganda,” Henrik said.  “Those reports are exaggerated.  Every country has prisoner of war camps.  Britain’s no different.”
“Oh, some live longer in the nice camps like Westerbork and Bergen-Belsen, but the Jacobs wouldn’t stay there.”
Henrik remembered the letters on the map—W and BB.  He could go there himself and search for her.  Why was he playing this spy’s game?  
“How do you know?”
“They’re educated,” Neils said simply.  His British smugness had returned in full force.  “And Eli Jacobs was a physics professor and an engineer.  They’ll bring them to a weapons factory like Peenemunde.”
“What’s wrong with that?”
“It’s a bomb factory.  They use prisoners of war to do the most dangerous jobs, but they don’t feed them or clothe them.  If they don’t blow themselves up, they’ll die of starvation and exposure.  They’ll work them to death in 45 days, probably less.”
The Junker jerked in the wind.  Henrik looked down at his spilled drink.  “I don’t even know where it is,” he lied.
“But you said—”
“They had a hood over my head.”
“But didn’t you hear anything?”
“All I know is that it was a five-hour drive from Berlin, and then I heard rockets.  Does that help?”  
“Not really.”  Neils shook his head in frustration.  “Maybe SIS knows something.  Meanwhile, you go back to the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute.  Find out what you can.”  Neils grabbed Henrik’s arm.  “Here comes Goering.  Herr Goering,” he called cordially to the passing general, “I was just commenting to Lieutenant Kessler on the superiority of your Messerschmitt to his new American Mustang.  He seems to disagree.”  
Goering had drunk a double steinhager of Schnapps and was quite probably on his way to the toilet in the tail of the airplane.  He was a powerful man, both politically and physically and although largely uneducated, he had risen to spectacular heights as the head of Germany’s famous Luftwaffe.  He wouldn’t let anybody belittle one of his planes, even a decorated spy in from the cold.  He stopped dead in the aisle and stared at Henrik aghast.  
“He does, does he?” 
Henrik gave Neils a dirty look, but the presumptuous British spy ignored it.  “Yes, he seems to think the Mustang has more power.  I’m afraid I don’t know what he’s talking about.  I’ve never seen a Mustang.”
“Let me tell you something, young upstart,” Goering began forcefully, but then the pressure in his bladder changed his mind.  “No, I’ll show you.  I’ll show you something that will blow your mind.”  
Henrik braced himself, but the general just turned abruptly and pushed his way to the back of the plane.
Henrik stared daggers at Neils.  “Schweinhundt.”
Neils laughed.  “Come now, Henrik.  Don’t be angry.  Now you have an excuse to see Goering’s new plane.”
“Why would I want to do that?  You weren’t wrong about one thing.  The Mustang is a better plane than the Messerschmitt.  It’s the fastest plane in the world.”
“Maybe so, but I’m not talking about a mere single engine fighter.  I’m talking about a plane without a propeller at all.”
Henrik’s eyes widened.  “You’re dreaming.”
“We’ll see.”
The Junker Ju-52 landed at Gotha just east of Erfurt and the Goering entourage disembarked noisily.  Technically Henrik was here on official business for the Institute, but apparently all that would have to wait because the Luftwaffe general had other plans for him this afternoon.  
“Where is he?  That young upstart.”  Goering scanned the crowd until he caught sight of Henrik crouching unsuccessfully in the back of the line.  “Ah, there he is.  Come with me, young man.  I will show you something.”  Goering forced his way through the crowd of air force officers until he was face to face with Henrik.  Goering was a few inches shorter than Henrik but he more than made up for it in girth and volume.  
“Come with me, young upstart,” he announced, grabbing Henrik by the arm and pulling him to the front of the line.  The other officers laughed sheepishly.  By now, they were used to their leader’s bouts of flamboyance.  Like a bandleader in a parade, Goering led Henrik and the other air force officers to the roof of his aviation factory where more drinks and food awaited them.
“If it weren’t for your father,” Goering blurted out behind another steinhager of schnapps, “I’d have tossed you out the bay doors at 10 000 feet.”  The inebriated war ace then proceeded to regale his captive audience with tales of his adventures, which included such notables as the Red Baron and the Kaiser himself.  Henrik listened respectfully, barely sipping his schnapps, until the drone of an approaching aircraft diverted his attention.
“Ah, here we are,” Goering exclaimed.
Henrik looked up and was immediately disappointed.  The approaching plane was a Bf 109, a solid aircraft for sure, but with a maximum airspeed under 400 mph, it was hardly cutting edge.  At the beginning of the war, the Messerschmitts were impressive fighter planes, far ahead of their British and American counterparts.  
But the British Spitfire and Hurricane had continued to improve and were now threatening to eclipse the German fighters in speed, maneuverability and altitude.  And the American Mustang had surpassed them all.  Henrik hoped he wouldn’t be called upon to explain this fact to the highly patriotic head of the Luftwaffe.  But if he were, he had already decided upon an appropriate course of action.  He would lie, caution being the better part of valor. 
Henrik was just formulating such a lie when something dropped from the sky like a meteor.  It fired across the nose of the Bf 109 and then rose swiftly.  The Messerschmitt gave chase but its Daimler-Benz engine was no match for the interloper and it quickly lost its quarry in the clouds.  The Bf 109 banked sharply over the factory and returned on an opposite course when once again it was assaulted by this mysterious menace from above.  
This time, Henrik got a closer look at the impressive new flyer.  It was a twin-engine airplane with a swept wing and no propellers.  No propellers!  Like the V-1 robot plane, this new aircraft utilized powerful jet engines.  But this was no mindless mechanical automaton.  There was a real human pilot flying this thing.  Henrik felt his heart race.  How he would love a crack at test flying that bird.
The jet plane descended on the helpless Bf 109 firing its tracer bullets.  Smoke burst from the Messerschmitt’s engine and she dropped down helplessly onto the landing runway.  There was a collective gasp from the rooftop observers and then Goering began to clap.  All eyes fell on the general.
“Have no fear, my countrymen.  This was a demonstration only.  How else could I explain to you the superiority of our new fighting turbojet?  With a top speed in excess of 500 mph, the new Messerschmitt 262 Me is the fastest airplane in the world.  Behold, gentlemen, the Swallow.”  
He held up his arms as the jet roared overhead in a wide, fiery arc.  Henrik didn’t know what to say.  So the British spy was right after all.  He caught Neils’ eye and knew immediately what he was thinking.  How could Britain’s RAF stand against a hundred squadrons of such airplanes?  The tide of war was about to change and the British spy didn’t like it, didn’t like it at all.  


Chapter 9: Peenemunde
________________

There was blood under her fingernails, scars on her skin, but Sarah would not stop scratching.  She’d been sick for over a week now, coughing, fever.  And the rash that first appeared as a little white patch on her stomach was spreading over her entire torso.  Esther was just thankful that it remained hidden under her clothes.  If the other prisoners found out, they would surely inform the guards and then she would be placed in the cattle-car prison and left to rot.  
The boxcars that Esther saw on her arrival had sat idle and full three days before the engine finally came to transport them to who-knows-where.  In the day, they were silent, but at night, Esther could hear noises carrying through the camp like the ghostly wails of disembodied spirits.  Esther would not allow her sister to suffer such a fate.  She would do everything in her power to hide Sarah’s condition from the guards and her fellow prisoners, but Sarah would not stop scratching.  It was only a matter of time before somebody noticed.
“Can you do anything for her?” Esther asked after the doctor had finished his examination.  The doctor looked on sadly.  
“I’m afraid your sister has contracted Semitic Dysentery.”
“What is that?”
“It is a new virus which only affects Jews.  I’m surprised that you have not yet contracted it.  It is highly contagious.”  
A virus that only affects Jews?  Esther had never heard of such a thing.  Why would God create something that only killed Jews?  Was this one final punishment for God’s people?  One last humiliation before their final demise?  
“I will continue her treatment but I’m afraid there’s no hope.  Semitic Dysentery is 100% fatal.”  The doctor picked up the syringe of yellow liquid and inserted it in Sarah’s arm.  “She will have to be transferred.”
“No!” Esther was suddenly in a panic.  She wasn’t surprised by the doctor’s prognosis.  Sarah had been suffering for a long time and Esther somehow knew she wouldn’t live much longer.  But to die in a crowded boxcar with no water or air, stacked like so much firewood?  “Can’t she stay here—at least until the end?” Esther pleaded, but the doctor shook his head.  
“If only she were five years younger,” he mused half to himself, snapping off his gloves and walking towards the children.  The little hospital was no longer empty as it had been a weed ago when Esther and Sarah had first arrived at the camp.  Since then, new people had arrived every day, many of them children.  
The doctor’s new patients were an odd mixture of races, Blacks, Jews, Hispanics, Slavs, Gypsies, Indians and Orientals.  There were even a few dwarves.  And all of them twins.  Esther wondered where they’d come from and, more importantly, why they were here.  The doctor took out a handful of caramel candies from his pocket and smiled broadly.
“Children, look what Doctor S has brought for you.”
The children sat up in their beds and cheered.
“But doctor, you must help her!” Esther grabbed the doctor’s arm.  The doctor froze and his eyes locked on Esther’s hand as if it were a poisonous serpent.  His broad grin quickly became a mask of terror.  Esther let go immediately.  “Please.  What if she doesn’t have this disease?  What if it is something else and she will get better?”
“Listen to me very carefully,” the doctor said, his voice low and suddenly menacing.  “I have not made a mistake.  I know better than God what is wrong with your sister because I did it to her.”  He pointed to the empty syringe on the metal table.  “I have been injecting the experimental virus SD 13 into your sister every day for the past two weeks.  She has displayed all the symptoms of Semitic Dysentery.  Your sister will not get better.  She will die in a few days, and you will die in about a week, maybe two.  Now do you understand?  Guard!”
Esther looked at the empty syringe on the table.  “What do you mean you injected her?  I thought you were trying to help her.”
“Guard!”
The bull guard appeared in the doorway.
“No.  I won’t go.  You aren’t a doctor.  You’re a murderer.”
“I am a patriot, something your inferior race can’t possibly understand.  But soon you will be eradicated like smallpox.”
Esther sprang forward.  She wanted nothing less than to scratch out the doctor’s eyes.  But the guard was on her, laughing.  He held her up over his head like a squirming fish.  
“Still some life left in her, eh doc?”
“So it would seem.”  The doctor took a step backwards just out of reach of her grasping fingernails.  The children behind him were starting to cry.  
Sarah was taken that night.  Esther heard the guards coming and fought them with all of her might.  By now, she was less than ninety pounds and weak from malnutrition.  They tossed her aside like a straw doll.  Sarah looked down at her sister crying on the floor and for the briefest second she seemed to snap out of her delirium.
“Esther,” she said in a child’s whisper, “it will be all right.”  And then she was gone.  
When the doors were opened in the morning, Esther ran outside to see that the oily boxcars were already gone.  A train must have come for them in the night.  She fell to her knees and sobbed.  
Esther worked in silence the rest of the day, filling her bucket with jagged rocks and dumping them on the rubble pile.  The tunnel had grown a hundred feet in the past two weeks, the grand product of a thousand pairs of hands, ten tons of dynamite and at least a dozen lives.  Sarah’s absence would hardly be missed.  
The bitter looks of the fellow prisoners were gone, but no one brought her a word of comfort either.  They had all suffered the loss of loved ones and now they were alone in their grief.  That night, Esther lay awake listening for the ghostly wails from the train cars, but all was silence.  She would never hear the voice of her sister’s departing soul.  There was some small comfort in this.  She scratched her stomach where a white rash had just started to appear.
#
Henrik did not believe Neils.  There were no death camps, no doomsday weapons, no “final solution” to eliminate the Jews.  It was all just nationalistic rhetoric and propaganda.  Hitler was just another statesman like Roosevelt or Churchill, Mussolini or Stalin.  They were all the same.  Politicians.  They shook hands, kissed babies and drank expensive liquor.  45 days?  Rubbish.  The war would end, eventually.  Esther and her family would return back to Holland and then he would find her.  
The Jacobs family might have to start over, but Henrik would help them.  And then, when the dust had settled and the world had returned to normal, he would marry Esther.  But if he really believed this, then why was he risking his life by breaking into a top-secret weapons facility in the dead of night?  
What else could he do?
Henrik waited for the guard to finish his cigarette before cracking him on the head with his father’s Luger.  It was a professional courtesy.  And then he slipped through the gate and into the compound.  The weapons arsenals at Peenemunde were heavily guarded, and any attempt to break into the hangars that housed them would be foolhardy at the very least.  
But Henrik wasn’t here for that.  
He didn’t care about von Braun’s dreaded vengeance weapons, the V-1 robot plane and the V-2 rocket, if it even worked.  And he especially didn’t care about the V-3 super cannon.  If Hitler wanted to shoot his little toys over the English Channel at London, then Henrik wished him Godspeed.  Bomb London into dust for all he cared.  Henrik had other concerns.
He watched the seconds count down on his Swiss wristwatch.  3—2—1.  The lights in the compound flickered and then went out, draping the field in the pitch darkness of a moonless night.  Peenemunde was heavily guarded, but like all modern industrial facilities it needed power.  Two miles away and hardly guarded at all was the power plant—Peenemunde’s Achilles heel.  
Henrik was able to waltz into the plant and reset the timer for the power outflow without the night staff even asking his name, never mind raising an alarm.  All it took was a borrowed hardhat and a clipboard from the maintenance hut.  Sure, somebody would eventually find the problem and reset the clock, but at least Henrik would have the time he needed, and he didn’t even have to kill anyone.  
There were startled voices coming from the guard posts all around the camp and a few handheld flashlights came on, but their beams were weak and far away.  Now was the time to move.  Henrik sprinted across the open field towards the thinly guarded prisoner barracks.  In the pitch dark, Henrik moved like a wraith.  An unlucky guard rounded the first barracks just as Henrik approached.  He saw only a black shape like a giant bat before Henrik caught him with a flying front kick.  
The guard, who couldn’t have been a day over sixteen, was dazed but not out.  Before he could call for help, Henrik wrapped his arm around the boy’s neck and choked him into unconsciousness.  
So far, Henrik had been lucky.  But soon the lights would come back on and the unconscious guards would be discovered.  He didn’t have much time.      
Henrik dragged the young guard under the edge of the first barracks and searched his body for keys.  There were more voices coming from in front of the barracks.  They were calling out the name “Hessing.”  Henrik saw a flashlight beam fan the corner of the barracks not two feet away.  He pressed his body up against the wall and held his breath.  After a tense moment, the talking stopped and the guards moved on.  Henrik let out a quiet sigh.   
He found a ring of keys in the guard’s upper jacket pocket and quietly inched towards the front of the barracks.  He peeked warily around the corner, but no one was there.  The guards were probably searching for poor Hessing by one of the other barracks.  Henrik could see now in the dim starlight that there were at least ten barracks in the compound, each of them quite possibly housing up to a hundred prisoners.  Henrik would never be able to search them all.  
It seemed like a good plan last night when he lay awake sketching out the details in his mind’s eye.  Take out the power.  Break into the prisoner camp.  Save Esther and her family.  And escape.  Did he really think it would be that easy?  How would he find her in time?  How did he even know this was the right camp?  There were hundreds of letters on the map he’d memorized.  What about BB and H and R and A1, 2, 3?  It all seemed so pointless.
Henrik approached the door with the key ring.  Ten barracks.  Ten keys.  At least that made sense.  Unfortunately, none of the keys were marked in any discernible way.  He would have to try them all, one at a time.  The lock opened with the third key, but as he opened the door, a horrible stench hit him like a right upper cut.  He fell back, nearly overcome by nausea.  What was that rancid smell?  Were they storing dead bodies?  Henrik covered his nose and looked inside.  There were dark shapes, moving.  He heard hushed voices.
“Esther?” he called, not daring to lift his voice above a whisper.  “I’m looking for Esther Jacobs?”  There was no answer.  They were probably afraid, thinking he was a German guard.  Henrik decided to switch to Dutch.  “Is Esther or Sarah Jacobs in here?”
“No.  There are no women here,” a man’s voice answered back in Dutch.  
“I think there’s a Jacobs in number 7,” another voice said, perhaps sensing that the man outside the barracks was no German soldier.  “Have the allies arrived?”
“Are you here to save us?” the first voice chimed in with hope.  
Excited voices followed this exclamation.  Henrik became suddenly nervous.  If he let these men loose now, an alarm would most certainly be sounded and then he’d never have a chance to search the other barracks.  They would never escape anyways, not with the barbed wire and armed guard posts around the entire compound.  They would probably be shot.
“Halt!  Go back to bed before I shoot you myself,” Henrik blasted back in angry German.  The prisoners fell silent and Henrik reluctantly closed the barracks’ door and locked it.  He could hear dogs barking in the distance.  Had they found the guard he’d waylaid at the gate?  He would have to hurry.
He sprinted down the row of wooden barracks counting off each as he went.  There were probably numbers on the doors, but he could not see them in the dark.  He would have to hope that he got the order right.  Just as he reached the seventh barracks, the power came back on and the entire camp was ablaze with light.  Two guards appeared next to the barracks with flashlights in their hands and startled looks on their faces.
“What is the meaning of this?” Henrik barked angrily, still puffing from his short sprint down the row of barracks.  “Why aren’t you at your posts?”
The two guards, both lieutenants, were taken completely off guard and speechless.  A Luftwaffe colonel’s uniform, especially one decorated with shiny bronze medals of valor from the First World War, had that effect on most junior officers.  At first, Henrik had been reluctant to steal his father’s uniform for this foolhardy clandestine mission, but now he was glad he had it.  His own SS lieutenant’s uniform would have been too identifiable and much less imposing.  He only had one medal, whereas his father had four.
“The black out?” said the fatter of the two lieutenants after a lengthy pause.
“Schweinhundt!” Henrik scolded, his voice a perfect imitation of his father’s deep-jowl grunt.  “I know there was a black out.  Some of the prisoners have escaped.  Now open this door and be quick about it.”
The guards spared a quick glance at each other.  “But we don’t have the keys.  Corporal Hessing has gone missing,” the thinner guard explained shyly.
“Missing?”  Henrik folded his arms and glared at the lieutenants with the same steady gaze that had so terrified him as a child.  Henrik pulled Hessing’s key ring out of his pocket.  “Use mine, if you must,” he said with an impatient frown.
The guards jumped to it, and if they were at all bewildered that a strange Luftwaffe colonel was roaming their compound during a black out at two in the morning, they didn’t show it.  In seconds, they’d found the right key and the door was open.  Henrik looked up to see that it was indeed barracks number 7 and then entered.  The same rancid odor assaulted his nostrils.  He covered his nose and mouth and scanned the rows of bunks.  A string of dull electric lights ran down the ceiling rafters, but the room was too crowded to pick out individual faces.  His first estimate about the number of prisoners in each barracks was apparently quite far from the mark.  There must have been over two hundred prisoners crammed into this little building, their bunks stacked on top of one another like hens’ cages.
“Stand up!” Henrik commanded in German, and immediately regretted it.  The desiccated prisoners struggled slowly to their feet.  Some didn’t move at all, their rotting bodies just empty shells.  Traces of human filth and decay were everywhere.  How could men treat other men this way?  This wasn’t war.  It was bestial, malevolent insanity.  The two lieutenants, eager to appease the Luftwaffe colonel, set about rousing the slower, weaker prisoners with violent blows from black, wooden clubs that had previously hung from their belts.  The prisoners were little more than human skeletons, raggedly dressed in black and white striped pajamas, and all men.  Henrik’s last hope of finding Esther tonight was rapidly vanishing.  But he had to play out his cards.
“Is there a Jacobs in this room?” Henrik asked loudly, albeit with less enthusiasm than before.
“Jacobs, step forward,” the guards bellowed angrily, smashing their clubs against the rickety bunks.  An old man staggered slowly into the middle of the room.  Henrik did not recognize him at first, and then he thought perhaps it was the old Rabbi.  But no, the Rabbi was shorter.  This man was about the same height as Esther’s father, but he was bald and shrunken like a raisin dried in the sun too long.  
Henrik approached the old man slowly.  He looked up and Henrik saw at once the recognition in his bulging, yellow eyes.  It was Eli Jacobs, Esther’s father, sick, dying, only a shell of a man, a mere shadow of the intelligent businessman and professor he used to be.  He mouthed Henrik’s name, but thankfully no sound escaped his lips.
“Guards, leave us.  I wish to question this man alone.”
“But colonel?”
“Leave us!”
The lieutenants looked at each other with obvious concern and then saluted.  “Yes, colonel.  Heil Hitler.”  The barracks door closed behind them and Eli fell to his knees.  Henrik caught him in his arms, kneeling down beside him.
“Mr. Jacobs,” he whispered into the man’s ear, “how did this . . . ?  What did they do to you?”
“So it is you,” Eli’s voice was less than a whisper.  Henrik had to put his ear right up against the man’s wrinkled lips just to hear him.  “And now you’re a colonel.  You really do get around.”  Eli’s laugh turned into a heart-wrenching cough.  Henrik didn’t know what to say.  Eli’s body had no weight to it.  Henrik felt like he was holding a ghost.
“Where’s Esther?” he asked vainly.  Eli shook his head.  His eyes closed.  And then, as if the mere mention of her name was torture to him, sobs wracked his body.
“I have not seen Esther or Sarah since they took us off the train in Westerbork.  Where did they take them?  Please, you must find my babies.”  Eli grabbed Henrik’s arm with alarming desperation.  “Henrik, you are a good man.  I know you are.  Please, you must find them.”
“I will,” he said, trying to console the dying man, although he had no idea now where to look for them.  “But first I’m going to get you out of here.”  He struggled to lift Eli up to his feet.  Eli groaned.  Beneath Eli’s threadbare shirt, Henrik could feel indentations.  The man’s ribs were broken.  He wasn’t going anywhere.  The other prisoners looked on with morbid fascination.  This was a drama they had not witnessed before—a German colonel cradling a dying Jew.
“We work in the day with only enough food to keep us alive.  At first it was good.  We built the factory, assembled their weapons of death.  Why would God allow such evil men to have so much power?  Oh why did we help them?  But we were cowards and we wanted to live.  It was dangerous work.  Some of us died in horrible accidents, explosions, fires, but they fed us and gave us new clothes.”  Eli’s voice seemed to grow stronger, building with the passion of his story.  
“We are all engineers, scientists.  I told the guards my father was a physics teacher so they let him stay with us.  I thought I could keep him alive until the end of the war.  But then things changed.  They moved the factory underground, some secret place in the Harz Mountains.  They stopped mass-producing rockets at Peenemunde.  They didn’t need our knowledge anymore.  The professor could no longer protect us.  They stopped feeding us, stopped our exercise and letting us use the latrines.  We waste away, wallowing like pigs in our own piss and filth.  We dig bunkers, do the work of animals, and they treat us like animals, worse than animals.  And when we can no longer work, they ship us off to Auschwitz.”
“The Rabbi?” Henrik asked.  “Where is he now?  In another barracks?”
Eli shook his head.  “My father, the old Rabbi, fell ill and was too sick to lift a shovel.  He was one of the first to go to Auschwitz, may God receive him.”
Henrik remembered the symbols A1, A2 and A3 on his map.  “Auschwitz?  What is that?”
“The death camp.  We hear stories only.  The guards like to taunt us, threaten us with stories of mass executions, gas showers and ovens.  Horrible.  Horrible.”  
Eli fell silent.  He had spent the last of his energy.  He looked up at Henrik with a mask of death.  “Henrik, my son.  You must find my daughters.”
“Yes, yes.  I will.”  Henrik’s eyes filled with tears.  He could not stop them now.  It was all true—the slave labor, the death camps, the vengeance weapons.  He had waited too long.  He didn’t have 45 days to find Esther.  She was probably dead already.  He hated his countrymen for what they had done to this kind man.  He hated the Nazis, the Gestapo, the SS.  He hated the Fuhrer.  But most of all, he hated himself for being a German and not stopping this madness before it was too late.
“I’ll get you out of here if I have to carry you,” Henrik said, wiping the tears from his cheeks.  He tried to lift Eli again, but the old man groaned horribly.  He was in too much pain to be moved.
“No, Henrik.  It is too late for me.  But there is something you can do.”
“Yes, father.  Anything.”
“You can kill me.”
Henrik looked at Eli in horror.  He was Esther’s father.  He might have been his father-in-law, if there had not been a war, if the world had not gone insane.  Henrik felt his chest constrict.  He couldn’t breath.  The guards were knocking at the door.  They were getting nervous.  This was taking too long.
“Please, Henrik.  You are a good man.  You must do it.  You must kill me.”
“Kill him,” another prisoner urged from behind him.  “He’s suffering.  You must not let him suffer.  You don’t know what they do.”
“I can’t.”  Henrik released Eli’s body and he fell limply to the filthy floor.  The guards had opened the door.  They were coming down the aisle.
“Please, Henrik.  You must do it now.”
“Kill him.”  More ghostly voices.  “Kill him.”
“Silence!” Henrik shouted.  The guards came running, their clubs drawn.  They must have heard the chants growing and sensed danger.  Henrik held up his hand.  “I’m all right.  This is not the Jew I am looking for.  He knows nothing.  Give me my keys.”  Henrik held out his hand and one of the lieutenants gave him Hessing’s key ring.  “Wait here,” Henrik said gruffly.  The guards obeyed, with puzzled looks on their faces, while Henrik walked down to the barracks door and promptly locked them inside.
The Luftwaffe colonel’s uniform worked its magic one more time on the guard at the south entrance to the compound and Henrik made good his escape.  A few minutes later, young Hessing roused from his stupor and sounded the alarm, but by that time Henrik was well on his way to Berlin in his father’s Mercedes town car doing sixty miles an hour.  
He arrived at home just before dawn.  The stately country cottage appeared quiet.  The servants had not yet arrived to prepare breakfast and Kessler Sr. was still in his bedroom.  Henrik parked the car in the garage and quietly slipped into his robe and slippers.  He was just contemplating how to get his father’s uniform back in his father’s closet when there was a loud banging at the front door.  Henrik parted the curtain just enough to see Heydrich’s military staff car idling in the driveway.  The sun had barely risen.


Chapter 10: Duty
________________

Henrik put on his most winning smile and answered the door.  “Herr Heydrich, this is a pleasant surprise.  I was only just making a cup of coffee.  Will you join me?  I’m afraid I’m not fully—”
“No, no.  That will not be necessary, Herr Kessler.  This is not a social call.”  Heydrich slapped off his leather gloves menacingly.
“Not a social call?  I thought you were the one who had arranged my two-day leave from the Institute.  Things have been going so well that I haven’t had a moment’s rest since I arrived in Berlin, and I really am quite tired.”  Henrik yawned.
“Yes.”  Heydrich smiled warily.  “I’m sure you are.  Been busy tonight?”
“Why, obergruppenfuhrer, whatever do you mean?”
The loud squeak of a rusty door hinge interrupted the conversation, and then Henrik’s father appeared at the top of the stairs, fully dressed in his Luftwaffe colonel’s uniform.  “Greetings, obergruppenfuhrer.  What brings you to my home so early on a Sunday morning?” he said grandly.
Heydrich stepped boldly into the living room, not bothering to wipe the mud from his boots.  “I’m sorry to trouble you, Colonel, but I have a matter of dire urgency.  Apparently there has been an act of sabotage at one of the Fuhrer’s most secret weapons testing facilities.”
“How unfortunate, but I fail to see how this concerns me and my son.”
“It concerns you, Herr Kessler, because the infiltrator was wearing a Luftwaffe uniform.”
“But surely there are many uniforms—”
“A colonel’s uniform with World War I medals on it, your medals to be precise.”
There was an awkward moment of silent tension, which was eventually broken by the sound of Kessler Sr.’s gruff laughter.  “So you think that I broke into this building in the middle of the night, a retired senior officer of the Third Reich?”
“No, Herr Kessler, not you.  The man described by the guards was much younger, much too young to have medals from World War I, in fact.  The traitor was your son dressed in your uniform.”
Henrik felt his heart race.  He looked for a weapon, but he had left his father’s Luger in his room.  Heydrich was armed and there were probably at least two armed SD agents waiting just outside the door.  And here he was standing in his living room in his bathrobe and slippers, completely helpless.  Why hadn’t he at least kept the pistol in his pocket?
“Preposterous!” Henrik’s father exclaimed as he reached the bottom of the stairs.  “This is my uniform.”
“Yes, I can see that, but surely you have another.”
“Why would I have another?  Look.  Here are my medals.  Would I have another uniform with an extra set of medals on it?  Preposterous.”  
Heydrich seemed a little taken aback.  He hadn’t counted on meeting the old Luftwaffe colonel fully dressed in his uniform, a uniform that should have been missing at the very least.  Henrik, on the other hand, was completely baffled.  The uniform that he had stolen from his father’s closet was still stashed safely in his bedroom downstairs.  He hadn’t had time to return it to his father’s bedroom.  How did the old man get it?  Did he really have an extra uniform with an extra set of medals?  It didn’t seem likely.  Heydrich’s accusation was beginning to look a little flimsy, even to Henrik who knew for a fact that it was completely true.
“Perhaps your son was able to return the uniform before you—”
“Into my bedroom?  Without waking me?  Did you not hear the door squeak?  That door has squeaked for fifty years.  It is my personal burglar alarm.  No one could enter or leave my bedroom without the world hearing about it.”
“But your auto, it is still warm.”
“Of course it is warm.  I had my servants start it up this morning.  Why do you think I am in my uniform on a Sunday morning?”
Heydrich shook his head.  He really did not know.
“Church, Herr Heydrich.  I always wear my uniform to church.  My poor Mercedes, she looks beautiful, but she won’t drive more than a few miles without being warmed up for at least half an hour before hand.”  Kessler Sr. paused for a moment, relishing the beauty of his own lie.  “I have an idea, Herr Heydrich.  My son is not dressed, but you are.  Will you not join me this morning?
Heydrich was puzzled.  “Join you?”
“At church, Herr Heydrich.”  Henrik’s father smiled eagerly.  “I would be delighted to have someone of your stature as my guest.  The sopranos are always so awed by a man in uniform.  You read tenor, do you?”
Heydrich seemed to shake with the thought.  “I’m sorry, Herr Kessler, but I have pressing matters to attend to.”  He looked at Henrik as if he were a bug needing to be squashed.  “Enjoy your leave, lieutenant.  I will deal with you later.”  The obergruppenfuhrer turned sharply on his boot heels and stormed out of the house.
“Father, how did you . . .?”
“How do you think I filled your Christmas stockings at the end of your bed without you hearing me?”
Henrik thought for a moment.  “The coal chute?”
Kessler Sr. held up his hands.  They were covered with soot.  The coal chute connected each of the four fireplaces in the house through a central passageway.  It was only about three feet wide, but Henrik’s father wasn’t a fat man.  The old colonel looked at his son triumphantly and then his smile quickly faded.
“Why did you leave the Luftwaffe?” he asked.  
Henrik was stunned.  The question had come completely out of the blue.  He thought about skirting the issue.  So much had happened in the last eight hours what did it matter?  But it had been like a wall between them for so long, Henrik wanted to answer it.
“It was my duty,” he said.
“Your duty?”  Kessler Sr. took the monocle out of his one good eye and blinked.  “A fighter pilot risks his life every time he enters the cockpit.  He defends the skies over our heads, the very German air we breathe.  What higher duty could there be than to fight for your country in time of war?”  
His father’s face had gone bright red.  In his youth, Henrik had feared that color in his father’s cheeks because it usually preceded a lightning strike from the back of his father’s hand.  But those days were over.  The old man would not strike him, and Henrik did not fear him.  Henrik waited silently for the color to drain from his father’s face, and then he spoke.
“Father, you are a great man, a courageous man.  For years I dreamed about following you into the air force.  I wanted to fly airplanes and prove to you that I, too, had courage, that I was truly my father’s son.  But I was wrong to think this way.”
“Wrong?”  Kessler shook his head in disbelief.  “Wrong to follow your father?  Wrong to value courage?  Do not tell me that you were afraid, Henrik.  No Kessler has ever been a coward.  This simply cannot be.  It is not in our blood.”
“Truly, father?  But I have been afraid—afraid of losing my future, of losing my chance at glory, but especially afraid of losing your respect.  And if I had stayed in the Luftwaffe, it would have been for one reason, and one reason alone—fear.  You taught me that there was no greater virtue than courage.”
“There is not.”
“And what of duty, father?”
“They are the same.”  
“Duty to mankind, to God.”
Kessler became agitated.  “Don’t speak to me of religion.”
“Not religion, father.  Humanity.  Basic human decency.”
Kessler looked at his son, suddenly at a loss for words.  “Son,” he said at last, “I do not understand you.  Perhaps I never understood you.  You go to far.  You are a soldier and a Kessler.  It is enough for you to serve your country.  I don’t know what you’re up to, but I don’t think you’re a traitor.  If I did, I would shoot you myself.”  He looked at Henrik with hard eyes.  “I suspect you are still chasing your heart.  I’m afraid it will get you killed someday.”  
Kessler Sr. took off his helmet and headed up the stairs.
“But dad, what about church?”
He grunted.  “You know I haven’t been to church in years—not since your mother died.”  
Henrik waited until his father was nearly at the top of the stairs before he spoke again.  “It’s true,” he said softly.  His father stopped but did not look back.  Henrik continued in a steady, quiet voice, “The rumors about the labor camps and the Jews, they’re all true.  I saw them, hundreds of them, maybe thousands.  They live in horrible conditions.  You would not believe.”
“I do not believe,” Kessler Sr. said over his shoulder, still refusing to look back.
“But I saw them.”
“You were sleeping in your bed all night.  It was a dream, nothing more.”
Henrik searched for the words to explain what he had seen, to convince his father of the truth, but it was too late.  The bedroom door squeaked loudly shut and his father was gone.
An hour later, Kessler Sr. still had not emerged from his bedroom.  Henrik wondered if he’d ever come out.  Henrik changed into his civilian clothes, a pair of denim jeans he had not worn since before the war and an old rugby jersey that smelled of mothballs and detergent.  
Henrik wondered why his father had kept them all these years.  After all, until a few weeks ago, his son was considered missing in action.  Why not give them away to a needy German child.  There were certainly enough of them around.  Or burn them.  Why punish yourself with the memories?  A lost wife.  A lost son.  Lost glory.  But there they were, still in his bedroom drawer as if he’d never left.  
Around 11:00 a.m., the old colonel rang for his servants to deliver his noon meal to his bedroom, and Henrik despaired that his father would ever have the courage to face him today.  He could no longer wait.  He finished off a bite of cold chicken that the servants had prepared from the pantry, and headed outside to spend his last day of his two-day leave in solitude.  And that was when he found the blue feather on his doorstep.
Did Canaris know of the conditions at the labor camps?  Surely he must.  And why then had he done nothing to stop it?  Did he too think the Jews were worthless, somehow less than human?  Henrik was determined to find out.  He no longer cared what the admiral thought of him.  He would push the issue and this time he would not stop until he knew everything that the admiral knew.  
Henrik slipped his father’s Luger into his pocket.  If Canaris wouldn’t talk, he would make him talk.  Henrik headed down the garden path in just this state of mind, but this time it was not the wily old admiral that he found waiting for him at the duck pond.  It was a British spy.
“Henrik, my friend, why are you dressed like a farm boy?” Neils asked pertly.
“Shut up!” Henrik snapped.  “How long have you known?”
His eyes narrowed.  “So it was you.  They’ve been talking about it all morning.  A mysterious Luftwaffe colonel slipping into a top-secret weapons testing facility and then just vanishing.  It has prompted a full-on search for a mole.  I guess you could say you’re big news.”  His British gloat returned in full force.  “So now do you believe me?”  
Henrik blanched, suddenly ashamed.  “Yes,” he said, and then looked away.  The ducks were gathering in expectation of another tasty meal, but Neils had brought no bread and neither had Henrik.  “I found Esther’s father, Eli Jacobs.  He’s sick and . . .”  Henrik balked, unwilling to recount the horror of what he’d seen.  He turned back to face Neils, suddenly making up his mind.  “I’ll take you there.  You can blow the whole place up.  I don’t care.  Just help me get him out of there.”
Neils shook his head.  “There’s no time.  Just give me the coordinates.  I’ll pass them on to SIS.  They can send in the RAF.”
“And then what?  They bomb the place?  What about Esther’s father?”
“I’ll order a night raid, strategic bombers only.  They’ll just hit the V-2 factory.  Professor Jacobs will be safe in bed at the labor camp and in a week or two we can scoop him up.  You’ll see.”
“Safe in bed?  Have you seen those camps?  Do you even know what you’re talking about?”
Neils took a step back towards the gathering ducks.  He seemed a little surprised by Henrik’s passion.  Maybe he hadn’t seen the camps.  Maybe he’d made the whole thing up just to manipulate Henrik into helping him.  But he was right.  In fact, he hadn’t gone far enough.  Esther wouldn’t last 45 days.   She wouldn’t last another week, if she wasn’t dead already.
“How did you get here?” Henrik snapped.  “How did you know about the blue feather and the duck pond?  Are you in contact with Canaris?  Whose side are you on?”
Neils took another step back, wetting his shoe in the pond.  He looked down at his muddy shoe and then stepped around Henrik towards the path, reaching under his jacket at the same time.  Henrik had anticipated this move.  He whipped out his father’s Luger and placed the cold barrel up against the British spy’s forehead before Neils could withdraw his hand from under his jacket.
“Still have a fondness for the Beretta?” Henrik asked coldly.  “Let it fall.”
Neils dropped the silenced Beretta into the mud.  The ducks pecked at it vainly and then scattered.
“Look.  Things are not what they appear.”
“No?  How do they appear?  A British spy in league with the former head of the German secret service?  Or is it the other way around?”
“It’s not like that.  Canaris told me how to contact you, but he is no more a spy for us than I am a double agent for Germany.  There’s a lot going on here that you simply don’t know about.”
Henrik waved his gun.  “Enlighten me.”
Neils looked perturbed and maybe a little embarrassed.  This was the second time he’d gone up against Henrik, and both times he’d ended up at the wrong end of the barrel.  “There are certain high-ranking German officials, like Admiral Canaris, who have taken a long view of things.  They have looked into the sands of time and seen Germany losing this war.”
“Do they have a crystal ball?  Because that’s not the way I see it.  Our armies have swept through Europe practically uncontested.  Rommel’s Panzers are winning victory after victory in North Africa.  And now with Japan . . .”
Neils shook his head.  “Japan had a great victory, yes, but their failure to completely destroy the American fleet at Pearl Harbor has left the Axis powers vulnerable to defeat.  It is a simple matter of logistics.  America has more factories and more capital to make more factories.  And they are virtually unreachable on their lonely continent across the ocean.  Germany won’t lose this war on the field of battle, but in the steel mill and the coalmine and in the weapons factories.  Many of Germany’s generals understand this.  Unless Hitler can pull an ace out of his pocket, he will go down in flames, bringing all of Germany with him.  I believe Admiral Canaris is working behind the scenes to head off this tragic end to the country he loves.  But he is no British spy.”
“Good for him.  But if he won’t help, then what good is he to me?  And the same thing goes for you.”  Henrik pointed the Luger at Neils’ head again.
“Hold on.  I will help you.  I’m trying to help you.  Just hear me out.”
“Gather your commandos.  We’ll raid Peenemunde tonight.”
Neils shook his head and Henrik cocked his gun.  “There’s no time.”  Neils hurried to explain.  “Hitler is heading to Wolf’s Lair in occupied Poland.  If you can get us in there, we can take him out.  With the Chancellor gone, the generals will take over the government.  They’ll sue for peace.  This whole war could be over by next week.”
“I don’t care about your war.  How many times do I have to tell you that?  I’m through playing your games.  Either you help me save Esther’s father tonight or I blow your head off right now.”
“But Wolf’s Lair is where they—”
Henrik pressed the trigger.  The shot echoed out over the water and the ducks took flight in a squawking panic.  Neils cradled the left side of his head where the Luger’s bullet grazed his skull.  Blood leaked out between his fingers.
“Okay,” he said, biting down the pain.  “I’ll go with you tonight.”
“That’s better.”
“But he won’t be there.  After your little stunt last night, they will have transferred him.  I can find out where, but it will take some time.”
Henrik clicked back the hammer again.  “I won’t miss a second time,” he warned.
“You kill me and Esther is as good as dead,” Neils snapped back, the pain making him bold.  “What’s more important, Esther or her father, because we may not be able to save them both?  There’s not enough time.  All prisoner transfers are documented and copies sent to Reich Archives.  One of those archives was in the Reich Chancellery in Berlin.  The other is in Wolfsschanze, Hitler’s most heavily fortified headquarters on the Eastern Front.  We have one chance to slip in there and it’s tonight.”
“Why tonight?”
“Stalingrad.”
It was amazing how that name could say it all.  Germany’s invasion of Russia, or Operation Barbarossa, as it was called by Reich Command, began a year ago with great promise.  The Blitzkrieg rolled through the Soviet defenses capturing city after city, and for a while it looked as if Hitler would succeed where Napoleon, and every other foreign invader since Genghis Khan, had failed.  
But then the Russian winter hit and Germany’s forces bogged down.  With fresh troops, Hitler’s armies redoubled their efforts and began their final assault on Russia’s eastern-most city this side of the Ural Mountains—Stalingrad.  If Stalingrad fell, Hitler would complete his utter dominance of continental Europe.  Only the lonely British Isles would remain insolently defiant.
“I will tell you frankly, Henrik, and that is something I rarely ever do.  Europe is in a state of utter chaos.  Hitler is insane.  There is no other way to put it.  He is obsessed with a vision of Aryan conquest, which spans the entire globe.  He would see all other races annihilated to make room for the German Uberman.  He prays to pagan gods, worships the sun and moon.  He conducts human sacrifices and consults astrologers to predict the future.  He is mad.  If even a fraction of his malevolent plans were to come to fruition, it would be a catastrophe the likes of which the world has never seen.”
Henrik thought of von Braun’s rockets and Heisenberg’s uranium bomb.  Henrik didn’t want to believe it, but what if it was true?  What would a man like that do with such weapons?  Could there be any other purpose for atomic bombs than mass destruction and national annihilation? 
“We could do this, Henrik,” Neils continued hopefully.  “We could slip in there, kill Hitler and find out where Esther Jacobs is, where the whole family is.  And then it would be just a matter of waltzing into their camps with the right papers, forged of course, and scooping them up.  There’s no point in us throwing our lives away on another ill-conceived assault on Peenemunde.  You just need to trust me.”
Trust him?  Who was he kidding?  Nevertheless, Henrik felt his resolve weakening.  Neils had been right about the Chancellery Archive.  Maybe he was right about Wolf’s Lair.  Henrik had heard of the place before—a massive underground bunker capable of withstanding a full-scale bomber assault without so much as a scratch.  They’d be better off trying to break into Peenemunde again.
“How do we get in there?”
Neils pulled a red handkerchief out of his pocket and dabbed at the wound on the side of his head.  It wasn’t serious, but it must have stung like the dickens.  Neils had more grit than Henrik had given him credit for.  “You just let me worry about that.”  He looked at the blood on the handkerchief and swore.  “You’ll have to change out of your farm boy outfit and into your uniform.”
“My uniform?”
“Yes, your own uniform this time.  We’ll meet the paratroopers on the way.  I’ll need a few stitches.  Can you do that?”
“Yes.  There’s a needle and thread at the house, but it’ll hurt.”  Henrik looked at the gun in his hand sheepishly.  “Hey.  I’m sorry about—”
“Save it.  You may be dead by tomorrow and I don’t want to have anything good to say about you.”
“Fair enough.”  Henrik put the Luger back in his pocket and turned back up the garden path.  


Chapter 11: Wolf’s Lair
________________

Henrik looked at Neils sitting beside him in the driver’s seat of the tiny Kubelwagen and frowned.  He sported a small bandage on the side of his head that concealed eight ghastly stitches in his scalp.  The wound had stopped bleeding, but without the bandage, he looked remarkably like Frankenstein’s monster.  The British spy put on a chipper front nonetheless.
“Relax, Henrik,” he said encouragingly.  “I have all the official documents right here.”  He patted his jacket pocket.  “A dispatch was sent on ahead to Reich Command through all the official channels.  You won’t even have to play dress up this time.  Just be yourself.”
“This is ridiculous,” Henrik complained.
“How so?”
“A Uranium fission device, if such a thing existed, would weigh over a ton, maybe several tons.  You’d need a cargo truck to transport it.  You certainly couldn’t put it in the back seat of a Kubelwagen.”
“They don’t know that.”
“What if they do?”
Neils squeaked abruptly to a stop in front of the guard post.  “Trust me.  They don’t.”  
There was that phrase again.  Trust me.  When was Neils going to realize that Henrik did not trust him?  At the moment, he just had no other choice.  Neils swiveled his window open and handed his travel papers to the guard.  The portly sergeant scanned the papers briefly and then motioned to his partner in the gatehouse to raise the gate.  
“See?” mouthed Neils to Henrik as he took back the forged documents and gunned the little Volkswagen engine.
The trip from Berlin to Hitler’s second headquarters in occupied Poland had been long and uncomfortable, but Henrik managed to get in a few hours sleep along the way.  If tonight was remotely like the previous night, he was going to need to be sharp.  And from what he knew of Neils’ plan so far, tonight was likely to be a whole lot worse.  For some reason, the British commandos never showed up at the designated coordinates.  That meant no half-track truck and no backup.  They were entirely on their own in beat-up old staff car with a four-cylinder engine.  
After the first guard post, the dirt road meandered through a heavily wooded glen for a quarter of a mile before terminating abruptly in front of a sheer bluff over a hundred feet high.  At the base of the bluff was an iron wall two stories tall, framed by six feet of concrete on all sides and guarded by a half dozen machine gun placements carved into solid rock.  
To the guards behind the MG32s, Neils’ approaching Kubelwagen must have been a comic sight.  Henrik doubted that even a Sherman tank would have worried them.  The little car stopped in front of the wall, but the guards above made no effort to hail them.  Henrik and Neils waited patiently, trying not to dab the nervous sweat from their foreheads.  To their surprise, the entire iron wall, which must have weighed several tons, began to rise like a massive garage door.  
Neils looked at Henrik.  “See?” he said again with cool bravado, but Henrik could tell the British spy was feeling the tension.  His fingers were shaking ever so slightly and he kept patting the pocket where he’d stuffed his travel papers.  A spy needed more than a stolen uniform to slip into this impregnable fortress, especially when the Fuhrer was in residence. 
“You might want to relight that cigarette,” Henrik said coolly.  “It went out about a mile back.”
Neils looked at the Turkish cigarette self-consciously, and then tossed it through the open window.  As if this had been the cue for an attack, a dozen German troopers armed with FG42 assault rifles and wearing black SS helmets and flack jackets stormed out from behind the slowly rising iron wall and surrounded the little Kubelwagen.  They were Wolf Corps, Hitler’s personal bodyguard and elite fighting force.  They barked orders menacingly and Henrik and Neils raised their hands.
“Don’t shoot!” Neils implored with just the slightest hint of panic.  “I have orders from—”  He reached for his travel documents and the paratroopers descended on him like a pack of wolves.  Neils raised his hands again.  “Okay, okay.  I’m not—”  
The nearest trooper reached into Neils’ pocket and pulled out the papers.  He read them quickly and then nodded to another trooper.  None of the guards wore any discernible rank or symbol save for the silver SS death’s head on their black helmets.  The guard handed the papers back to Neils and then looked in the back seat of the Kubelwagen.
“I wouldn’t touch that, if I were you,” Henrik said.  “Press the wrong button and it’s liable to go off.”  
The trooper stepped back in alarm.  “Is it safe?” he asked.
“Perfectly, as long as you don’t touch it.”
The trooper looked back at his superior who nodded reluctantly.  “Proceed.”
By now the wall was fully raised revealing an enormous cavern that stretched for hundreds of feet into the heart of the knoll.  No wonder Wolf’s Lair was said to be impregnable.  From above, it must have been completely invisible, just another wooded hill.  The RAF could rain down hellfire for months and Hitler would be perfectly comfortable in his secret underground bunker.
With some trepidation, Neils drove the little Kubelwagen under the heavy iron door and into the stomach of the beast.  Half a dozen vehicles were parked inside including several escort motorbikes and a black Mercedes convertible with the license plate SS-3.  Heydrich was here.  Neils’ plan to kill the Fuhrer was looking more and more impractical by the minute.  But something else was troubling Henrik.  The closer he got to his target, the more he realized the truth of his own feelings.
He didn’t want to kill Hitler.
For years, Hitler had been Henrik’s role model.  He had saved Germany from economic ruin, built invincible armies to defend her borders and forged a strong national pride in a people that had all but given up hope after the Great War.  Hitler was Germany’s savior.  Henrik didn’t believe Neils’ lies about pagan rituals and human sacrifice.  They were outlandish fairy tales designed to win his sympathies.  
Yes, the labor camps were horrible places.  He’d seen that much with his own eyes.  And yes, Germany’s policy against the Jews was morally reprehensible.  But could Hitler be blamed for all that?  Surely he didn’t know the conditions of every work camp or the individual act of every brutal guard or overzealous SS officer.  It wasn’t his fault.  He was just a politician.
Henrik shared none of these thoughts with Neils.  For now he would play along.  He needed the spy to find Esther.  He had no other choice.  Neils parked the Kubelwagen by the other vehicles and got out.  
“Showtime,” he said softly to Henrik and then jogged around the car to help him lift the long metal tube out of the back seat.  The device was not overly heavy, but it was bulky and awkward with many flashy buttons and switches built into the side of its keg-like shell.  The Wolf Corps trooper looked at the two men balancing the bomb between them and pointed towards the steel elevator.  Apparently he would not be accompanying them on the rest of their journey into the heart of the Wolf’s Lair.  Neils and Henrik waddled into the elevator and slid the cage door shut.
The elevator began descending down the concrete shaft with frightening speed.  Henrik had heard rumors of Hitler’s underground bases scattered throughout the Third Reich, but he’d never yet visited one.  He was surprised at the sheer size of everything.  The elevator car alone was large enough to carry a tank.  Neils and Henrik exchanged nervous glances but they didn’t dare speak for fear that they were being monitored.  
After several minutes, the elevator came to an abrupt halt and the cage doors opened.  They must have been hundreds of feet underground, but the corridor was well lit and roomy.  The stainless steel walls gave the place an antiseptic feel like a modern hospital or a scientific laboratory.  
“Place it on the carriage,” a deep German voice commanded from an unseen speaker in the corridor.  Henrik saw the metal gurney just outside the elevator and gladly placed the bomb on it.  Two Wolf Corps troopers with FG42s drawn appeared from behind a hidden door.  “Hands up!” one of them commanded in the same deep German voice they’d heard over the hidden speaker.  Neils and Henrik obeyed immediately.
A white-coated scientist stepped in front of the guards with a Geiger counter.  Henrik felt a sudden twinge of doubt and spared a quick glance at Neils.  The white-coat pushed his way impatiently past the two beefy troopers, his eyes intent on his clicking instrument.  He wore round, coke-bottle glasses that magnified his bulging eyes several times.  He was completely bald and his nose was long and pointy like a carrot.  Henrik recognized him immediately from the thousands of case-file photos Canaris had given him to memorize.  Three years ago he had been one of the assistant professors at the Institute, the one the students called Snowman, but not to his face.  
“I am not detecting significant radiation,” Snowman said with some suspicion.  “I expected—”
“You expected what?” Neils snapped loudly.  “That we would bring a toxic substance into the Fuhrer’s presence?”
“Uranium produces a great deal of radiation.  If there is no radiation, this cannot be a Uranium fission device,” Snowman declared, looking up at the Luftwaffe major without the slightest trace of fear.  Neils may have been able to bluff his way around a military base, but in a scientific laboratory he was a fish out of water.  Henrik knew it was time for him to step in.
“And your name is?” Henrik asked casually.
Snowman stiffened.  “Doctor Heineken.”
“Ah, Professor Heineken.  You conducted some of the first fission experiments at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute, did you not?”  
“Yes,” the doctor said proudly.  “I worked closely with Doctor Otto Hahn.”
“So then you know exactly how much Uranium 235 is necessary to produce a critical reaction.”  This was the moment of truth.  If Heineken were still in Heisenberg’s inner circle at the Uranverein, then he would know for certain that the keg-sized bomb in front of him was nowhere near large enough to hold an atomic fusion or fission device.  The game would be over and no amount of bluffing would get them out of the Wolf’s Lair alive.  But if he didn’t . . .
“Well, nobody knows that,” he said, his mask of arrogant self-confidence slipping just a little.  “But Doctor Heisenberg has suggested that it would be—”
“About the size of a pineapple.  Yes, I know.  But surely you must know how useful lead can be in shielding radiation, doctor.”
“Yes, of course.  These walls are lined with lead for just this reason.”
“So too is Heisenberg’s latest Uranium device.”    
Heineken eyed the flashing keg.  “This is from Doctor Heisenberg?” he asked with more than a little awe.
Henrik smiled.  “Of course.  Who else would know how to construct an atomic bomb?”
Heineken stood to attention.  “I will inform the Fuhrer immediately.”  He turned to the beefy troopers and echoed his order.  They looked down at him with blank faces.
“But he’s in the chapel.”
“I don’t care where he is, you schweinhundts!  Inform him now!”
The guards clipped off a quick “Heil Hitler” and ran down the corridor.  Heineken looked back at Henrik sheepishly.  
“I hope you will pass on my greetings to Doctor Heisenberg.  I realize my work here is important for the Reich, but I do so miss the Institute.  These SS Wolf Corps, they don’t let us leave the base.  I haven’t seen a sunset in two years.”
“How dreadful for you,” Neils mocked.
Sensing a snub, Snowman stiffened again, but before he could formulate a snide rebuttal, the Wolf Corps troopers reappeared from around the corner marching in double time.  They stopped abruptly and the deep-voiced guard grunted, “He will see you in the playroom.  This way.”  Heineken took a step forward, but the guard stopped him with an upraised arm.  “Not you.”  
This was the final insult.  Heineken looked up at the sneering trooper and his pale face went a dark shade of red.  Neils smiled but Henrik only felt relief.  The British spy couldn’t have known how close they’d come to being discovered.  “And not you either,” the guard said to Neils.  “He only wants to see Lieutenant Kessler and his bomb.  That’s it.  You can wait in the officers’ mess.  The corporal will take you there.”
Neils feigned offence and now it was Heineken’s turn to smile.  But the truth was, Henrik and Neils had already anticipated this possibility.  In fact, they were counting on it.  After a brief protest and a little melodramatic play-acting, Neils eventually acquiesced to the guard’s demands and followed the corporal down the hall, while Henrik followed the deep-voiced SS trooper down the stainless steel corridor in the opposite direction, dragging his flashy keg behind him.  
After a few twists and turns, Henrik and the trooper came to a large oak door engraved with a cross, oddly out of place in such a modern military facility.  Henrik remembered Neils’ story about Hitler’s pagan rituals and wondered what blasphemies awaited him on the other side of this door.  The deep-voiced guard knocked timidly and waited.  There was the faintest of replies from inside and the trooper slowly opened the door.
“Welcome, Lieutenant Kessler,” Heydrich declared.  The obergruppenfuhrer was standing by an enormous hearth sipping a brandy from a crystal goblet.  The light of the fire glinted off his leather boots and shadows danced across the starched creases of his uniform making him appear ten feet tall.  “You can leave your science project by the door,” he said casually.  “I trust it won’t blow us up until after the Fuhrer has finished with the children.  Come.  Have a drink with me.”  Henrik saluted automatically.  Heydrich returned the salute and then filled a second goblet with brandy and handed it to Henrik.
Henrik heard the door close behind him and felt suddenly disoriented.  He’d stepped from a top-secret weapons facility, into a luxurious Austrian church complete with stone hearth, ornate candelabras, Renaissance murals and stained-glass windows.  On the far side, past the ornately carved rosewood cross and shrine to the Virgin Mary, two small children sat on a wooden rocking horse, and beside them stood Adolf Hitler, looking supremely peaceful as he gently rocked the horse to the delighted squeals of the children.  So much for Neils’ fairy tales about pagan rituals.
Henrik took a sip of his brandy, but even as the liquor warmed his throat, he felt a deep heaviness descend upon him.  How could he go through with his plan now?  Murder Hitler in a Catholic church?  And what about the children?
“I trust you had a pleasant drive from Berlin?” Heydrich asked.
“Yes.”  Henrik took another sip of his brandy.  “Well, no.”
Heydrich laughed.  “No, I don’t imagine you did.  The major’s Kubelwagen is not the most comfortable of vehicles.  I’ve been meaning to requisition a better one for him, perhaps a Mercedes.  I just haven’t had the time.”  He took another sip of his brandy, eyeing Henrik the whole time through the crystal curvature of his goblet.  “I was surprised that you had the time to make this delivery.  From what I understood from our last encounter, you still had another day’s leave.  However did events conspire to bring you here so quickly?”
Although Heydrich was smiling, Henrik sensed a trap.  Heydrich was still suspicious of Henrik despite his father’s convincing story.  Or maybe he was just angry with Henrik for embarrassing him.  Either way, Henrik was no longer in Heydrich’s special circle of trust.  Perhaps he never was. 
“I assure you, obergruppenfuhrer, I knew nothing about my mission until yesterday.  I was called away to the Institute shortly after you left, and then told by Doctor Heisenberg himself to deliver the device to Wolfsschanze immediately.  It was a matter of dire urgency to the Third Reich.  Until yesterday, I was not even aware that the doctor had competed his fission device.”
“Of course you weren’t, or you would have told me.”
“Of course.”  
Heydrich smiled wryly but said nothing more.  Henrik took another gulp of his brandy.  By now, the warmth had spread through his torso, but the lack of food in his stomach made him feel sick.  Henrik wondered if the lives of two small children and his own personal piety weren’t a small price to eliminate both Hitler and Heydrich on the same day.  After a few minutes, the children dismounted their wooden steed with only a little protest and Hitler took them by the hand over to the waiting officers.  
“Gentlemen, I would like you to meet my nephew, Heinz and his little sister, Geli.”
“Heil Hitler!” yelled the boy loudly, snapping his boots together in perfect imitation of a German soldier.
“Heil Hitler,” the officers responded.  Henrik didn’t know whether to laugh or salute.  The boy was a blond-haired, blue-eyed ten-year-old, dressed in the tan britches and short-sleeved shirt of the Hitler Youth, almost the same uniform Henrik had worn in his teens.  The little girl was a few years younger and a good deal cuter with a frilly white and black dress like a little Austrian princess.  She too had blond hair and blue eyes.
“Have you ever seen two more perfect examples of the Aryan race?” Hitler said proudly, bending down to ruffle the boy’s blond hair and kiss the little girl’s rosy cheek.  “Children are my pride and joy, German children, of course.”  
Heinz pointed at the flashy metal shell by the door.  “What’s that?” he asked abruptly.
Hitler looked directly at Henrik.  “I believe the boy is asking you a question, lieutenant.  You may answer him.  He really is quite bright.”  
Henrik cleared his throat.  “It’s a bomb,” he said simply, “a very powerful bomb.”
“How does it work?”
Henrik looked up at Hitler.  The Fuhrer nodded his approval.
“There is a little bomb up here.”  Henrik pointed at the top of the metal shell.  “When it goes off, it shoots a bullet, a super-fast bullet, into another bomb, a very big, very special bomb.”
“It doesn’t look very big,” Heinz said.  “I saw a Luft Mine once.  It was much bigger.”  Henrik felt the hairs rise on the back of his neck.  Even a child knew it was too small.
“It’s large enough,” Henrik explained calmly.  “You see, inside there is a tiny thing called a Uranium atom and when the super-fast bullet hits it, the little atom splits apart.  This causes a chain reaction like an avalanche in the rest of the Uranium atoms and then there is a very big explosion.”
“How big?” Heydrich interrupted, suddenly intrigued.
Henrik looked up at the officer.  “A million times greater than the Luft Mine Blockbuster.”
Heydrich whistled.  “So Heisenberg wasn’t just bragging about his Uranium bomb.  He actually did it.  I thought he was years away yet.  Your information must have been valuable to him, very valuable indeed.”
Henrik sensed Heydrich’s disdain for the professor and felt obliged to defend him.  “He would have arrived at the same conclusions.  My information just speeded up the process.”
“I’m not so sure.  The White Jew can be very stubborn.” 
“Jews!  I hate Jews!”  Heinz spat on the tile floor.
“Jews are dirty and they smell funny,” little Geli said with a wrinkled nose.  “They are subhuman.  I wish they were all dead.”
“I wish they were never born.”  Heinz exclaimed, trying to outdo his little sister in anti-Semitic zeal.  Hitler laughed and Heydrich quickly echoed him, but Henrik felt his stomach turn.
“Out of the mouth off babes . . .”  Hitler rubbed Heinz’s blond hair affectionately.  “All right children.  Go say your prayers to the Virgin Mary, and then you may return to your wooden horse.”
“It’s my turn,” Geli declared and then raced her big brother back into the chapel to claim her wooden steed.
“Say your prayers first,” Hitler repeated, but his command was softened by laughter.
“Children,” he mused to himself and then turned back to the officers.  “My sister insists on bringing them to see their uncle.  I know this is not a proper place, hundreds of feet beneath the earth, surrounded by enemies, but I could not say no.  My time with them is so precious I covet every second.”  His eyes glazed over.  
“Well, gentlemen, I must return to my babysitting.  I just wanted to check on the progress of my newest Vengeance Weapon personally.  I have been waiting a long time for it.  These scientists are always long on promises but short on delivery.  That’s why I am placing you in charge of this mission, lieutenant.  You will personally deliver the weapon to Reichsfuhrer Himmler on the Russian front and see to its immediate deployment in Stalingrad.  It will raise that horrible rat’s nest to the ground and then all of Europe will follow.”  
Henrik felt his chest tighten.  He couldn’t go to Stalingrad.  What would happen when he planted his bomb and it didn’t work?  Hitler looked at the fake bomb for a long moment and something in his expression seemed to alter.  Henrik felt his heart race.  The Fuhrer had seen through the silly subterfuge.  He would denounce Henrik on the spot as a fraud and a traitor.  And then he would be shot.  
But this did not happen.  Instead, Hitler turned back to Henrik.  Fixing him with a penetrating, hypnotic stare, he stuck out his hand.  Henrik, still reeling from the terror of his own apprehensions, froze.  Hitler glanced over his shoulder at Heydrich with some amusement.  “I assure you, lieutenant.  The hand is clean.”
The joke was enough to snap Henrik out of his stupor.  He shook the small hand eagerly and the tension was broken.  The men laughed loudly and Hitler returned to his babysitting with great enthusiasm.  Henrik looked at the flashing keg.  Could he go through with his plan?  Henrik had anticipated some collateral damage.  Some of Hitler’s closest generals were likely to be destroyed in the attack, but not a church, and not children.  He hadn’t counted on children.
“So, Henrik, what will you do now?”  Heydrich finished his brandy and tossed his glass into the fire.
“I guess I will see to the deployment of this Uranium device, and then—”
“And then I will find you.”  The words sounded ominous.  “I must return to Czechoslovakia to suppress some labor revolts, and then I will find you.  You are too valuable a man to be wasted on that White Jew.”  Heydrich eyed the lieutenant for a silent moment, and then marched out of the great oak door, leaving Henrik with his bomb.  
Henrik looked back at Hitler and the children one last time.  They had finished their prayers to the Virgin Mary and now it was Geli’s turn to ride the wooden horse.  She squealed with delight.  Henrik could never have done it.  His plan was doomed.  He pushed the metal cart out into the stainless steel corridor and was surprised to see the deep-voiced SS trooper still waiting for him. 
“Come this way,” the guard grunted and then marched off down the hall.  Henrik obediently followed.
The guard led Henrik to the officer’s lounge where Neils was waiting with a cigarette in his mouth and a haze of smoke above his head.  This room was decorated in the style of the grand houses of Austria with Renaissance paintings and hunting trophies of ten-pointed bucks lining the walls and a large portrait of the Fuhrer taking center stage.
“Wait here,” the guard commanded and then marched off.
Neils glared at the flashing keg, but waited to speak until he was sure the guard was out of earshot.  “What went wrong?”
Henrik shrugged.  “The opportunity did not present itself.”
“The opportunity?  Did you or did you not meet him?”  Although Neils did not raise his voice above a whisper, there was acid in his tone.  
“There were complications.  He was in a church and his niece and nephew were with him,” Henrik explained, but even as he said the words he knew they were not adequate.  Neils paused to take a puff of his cigarette, his eyes boiling with dangerous emotion.
“I’m sensing that your commitment to this endeavor is somewhat less than consummate.  What a shame.”  He knocked the ashes off the end of his cigarette onto the marble floor.  “Especially in light of what I have discovered.”
“You found her?” Henrik blurted out hopefully, and then immediately regretted it.  How could Neils have found her?  He’d been cooling his heels in the officers’ lounge the whole time.  Anything he said was a lie.
“It only took a few inquiries,” he said confidently, and then paused again to breathe in another lungful of nicotine.  “Jewish deportation orders are hardly top secret.  I simply told the right person that the Jacobs had a numbered Swiss account with thousands of dollars in it.  It would be shame to let this money fall into the hands of a Swiss banker.  I even offered to split it with him.”
“Who?” Henrik asked skeptically.
“Doctor Heineken.  He was in here a moment ago drinking schnapps with some other white coats.  But in the end, the information only cost me a pack of cigarettes.  Apparently they are running desperately low in Wolfsschanze.”
Henrik wanted to ignore the major, to just walk away, but he couldn’t.  If there was even the slightest chance Neils was telling the truth, he had to play along.  
“Where is she?”
Neils held up his finger.  “Ah, but Henrik, that is not cricket.  You simply must play by the rules.  You did not complete your mission.”
Henrik reached for his gun.  There was no reason behind it.  He saw Neils’ eyes widen and knew that this was not what he wanted either.  A shootout in the officers’ lounge wouldn’t do either of them any good.  They couldn’t hope to maintain their cover, no matter how it went down.  But Henrik wasn’t thinking anymore.  He was blind with rage and frustration.  Neils didn’t care if Henrik ever found his Jewish sweetheart.  He was playing him for a fool.  
“Drop the pistol,” a voice bellowed from behind.  Henrik turned slowly to see the Snowman in the doorway flanked by two SS Wolf Corps, guns drawn.  Henrik dropped the Luger onto the marble floor.  He doubted he would have pulled the trigger anyways.
“Gentlemen, please,” Neils interrupted.  “This is a private matter.  I made a rather distasteful remark about the lieutenant’s sister.  She is a dancer in Munich and I . . .  Well, I apologize, Herr Kessler.  It was crass of me.”
Heineken smiled sickly.  “Arrest them.  Arrest them both.”
Neils took a step backwards.  “But doctor, this is absurd.”
“I contacted Heisenberg at the Institute by wireless.  He knew nothing about your delivery or a Uranium fission device the size of a beer keg.  Your papers were forgeries.  And your bomb is a fake.”
Neils took another step back, drawing the FG42s with him.  This gave Henrik just enough time to dive for the bomb.
“Stop,” Heineken screamed, but it was too late.  Henrik punched three red buttons in sequence.  
“Shoot him,” Heineken screamed, but before the Wolf Corps could even cock their rifles, the bomb began to smoke.  
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” Neils said, drawing the gun barrels back in his direction.  “The lieutenant is the only one who knows how to diffuse it.”
“Ah, it’s a fake.  Shoot him.”  Heineken commanded, but the guards hesitated.
“Are you sure?” Neils asked with a wry smile.  By now, the other officers in the lounge were abandoning their drinks and making for the exits in a panic.  “How much time?” Neils asked Henrik, temporarily ignoring the doctor and his guards.  The bomb continued to smoke.
“Two minutes.”
“That may not be enough time to clear the blast radius.  Do you have your cyanide pills?”
Henrik nodded.  This was enough for the guards.  They abandoned the doctor and scrambled back out through the door they’d entered.  Before the doctor could follow them, Henrik grabbed him by the collar of his white lab coat and threw him violently backwards onto the marble floor.
“You are mad,” Heineken screamed, his voice rising in pitch.  “You will kill us all.”
“Where is she?” Henrik demanded.
“Who?  What are you talking about?  Release me.”  The doctor struggled against his captor but his 120-pound frame was no match for Henrik’s 200-pound, commando-trained body.  Henrik lifted him off the ground and threw him against the bomb.  Heineken struggled to his feet and stared at the smoking keg in terror.        
“Esther Jacobs.  She’s a Dutch Jew.  Where did they take her?  Which camp?”
Heineken held up his open hands, desperate to stop the onslaught of this madman.  “I know nothing of this woman.  Why would I?  I am a scientist, not a prison warden.”
Henrik began to doubt himself, but this only made him madder.  He slapped the doctor in the face, knocking off his spectacles and dropping him to his knees.  “Tell me where she is or I will make you suffer hell before you die.”
The doctor did not try to rise.  He was crying like a child and pleading for his life.  “Chelmno?  Sobibor?  Triblinka?  She could be anywhere.  Auschwitz.”  The doctor became suddenly confident, attempting, a little too late, to bluff his way out of certain death.  But he was no poker player.  “Yes, Auschwitz.  They usually end up there, eventually.”
Henrik had heard that name before.  Esther’s father had mentioned it at Peenemunde.  Henrik saw the Chancellery map in his mind’s eye.  There were symbols by each of these Polish towns and villages.  If the doctor were bluffing, why had he chosen Auschwitz?  Was there something special about it?  Or was it just the farthest camp away from Wolfsschanze?  Henrik turned to Neils to see if the name rang any bells with him, but the British spy was gone.  There was a sudden loud discharge of smoke from the bomb, and then it went dead.  
Heineken looked at it dumbly.  “I knew it was a fake,” he said.  “Just a loud smoke canister.”  As the smoke dissipated, his arrogant confidence returned in full force.  He sneered at Henrik, at least until Henrik pulled out his Luger.  “No, please don’t shoot me,” he pleaded.
“I guess this is your lucky day.”  Henrik raised the gun as if reconsidering murder, and then brought it down hard on top of the doctor’s bald head.  The doctor let out a gasp and crumpled to the marble floor, out cold.
Heineken was only half right about Henrik’s bomb.  It wasn’t a Uranium bomb, but it wasn’t a complete fake either.  In addition to a few smoke cartridges contained in its nose cap, there was also a twenty-pound charge of TNT in the base.  The charge wasn’t enough to cause any serious damage to the heavily fortified structure of Wolfsschanze, but it was enough to kill Hitler and everybody else in the room with him.  However, by now an alarm was sounding throughout the Wolf’s Lair, Neils had fled, and Hitler had no doubt been evacuated to some safe location far from here.
Henrik considered his options.  He could try to shoot his way out of the Wolf’s Lair with the six bullets left in his Luger, or he could do what he did best, and try to bluff his way out.  He opted for the latter course.  He set the chronometer on the bomb and pushed it out into the hallway.  An SS guard stopped him almost immediately, but he simply pointed to the numbers dialing rapidly down on the side of the shell.
“I delayed the countdown, but I can’t stop the reaction.”  Henrik yelled over the sound of the alarm.  “I have to get it out of here before it blows.”  The bomb started to smoke again and the guard took off in the opposite direction.  So far so good.  
Henrik wheeled the bomb down the stainless steel corridor and into the elevator.  Two white-coated technicians looked at the smoking bomb and scattered.  Henrik was alone on the ride up, but there was no way to close the smoke valve once it had been opened.  By the time the elevator reached the top, the elevator was filled with smoke and he could hardly breathe.  Ironically, this added just enough verisimilitude to his little one-man show.  The guards trained their FG42s on him, as he fell out of the elevator coughing and choking, but they did not fire.
“It’s going to blow!” he warned in a hoarse whisper.  The guards looked at the smoking bomb and fell back for cover behind the row of parked cars.
Henrik had less than a minute to bluff his way out of Wolfsschanze before the last smoke cartridge was expended.  He hoped it was enough time.  Covering his mouth with a handkerchief, he ran back into the elevator.  He must have looked like a hero to the cowering SS as he emerged from the elevator with the smoking bomb in his bare hands, and then like a complete maniac as he put it in the back seat of the little Kubelwagen.
“The door.  Open the door,” he screamed.  The SS abandoned their cover and ran off in the general direction of the door, and Henrik jumped into the driver’s seat of the Kubelwagen.  It was only then that he remembered that he had no key.  He reached under the steering wheel and yanked out the ignition wires.  Would he have enough time to hotwire it?
“Are you looking for these?”  Neils leaned into the passenger window, a car key dangling from his fingers.
“It’s about time you showed up.”  Henrik grabbed the key and shoved it in the ignition.  The engine stuttered, coughed and died.  By that time, Neils was sitting in the passenger seat, smiling.  “What are you so happy about?  We failed the mission.”
“No, Henrik.  You failed.”
“And you lied.”
“I guess that makes us even.  Try a little less gas.”
Henrik cranked the ignition hard.  The little four-cylinder engine purred to life.  Henrik floored it in reverse, squealing the bald tires on the asphalt.  He popped the clutch and slipped it directly into second.  The gears crunched, but the little car zoomed along through the cavernous motor pool.  As they passed the other cars, Henrik noticed that Heydrich’s black Mercedes was still there.  So he hadn’t left yet.  Henrik wondered if Hitler and his entourage were also still in the complex, but it was too late to worry about that now.
In front of them, the large iron door was slowly rising.  SS Wolf Corps stood on either side with their FG42 assault rifles trained on the approaching car.  Just then, the bomb gave up its last smoke discharge and died.  The door was only three feet off the ground.  They would have to stop and wait for it to clear the roof.  
The guards would notice that the bomb had gone dormant.  They might become suspicious.  They might even detain them long enough to learn that the bomb was a fake.  At the very least, they would radio ahead to the gate a quarter mile away.  By then, the smoke would have completely dissipated and the bomb would be nothing more than a stainless steel keg.
“Floor it,” Neils said and ducked down in his seat.  Henrik did the same.
The Kubelwagen had a removable roof, but there was no time to detach it.  Henrik shifted into high gear and put the gas pedal to the floor.  With a loud crunch and a high pitched squeal, much like the sound of fingernails on a chalkboard, the Kubelwagen squeaked under the iron door, leaving its canvas roof and shattered windshield behind.  
Henrik and Neils sat up, brushing away the glass, and looked back over their shoulders.  Startled SS Wolf Corps appeared in the machine gun emplacements high above, but they did not fire.  After another ten seconds, the little Kubelwagen was out of range.  Henrik realized he’d been holding his breath the whole time and let out a gasp.
“Well, that takes care of the door, but there’s still the front gate.  Any ideas?” Neils asked.  Henrik looked over at him incredulously.
“Hey, this is your mission.  Didn’t you have an escape plan?”
Neils shook his head.  “Never thought we’d get this far.”
Henrik rolled his eyes.  The Kubelwagen rounded the corner and the guard post came into view.
“We could run it,” Neils offered, but Henrik shook his head.
“In this thing?  We’d fold up like an accordion.  We’ll have to play out the hand.”
Neils shrugged.  “We’ll be fine.  After all, this is a military base, not a prison.”
“So?”  Henrik shook the glass out of his wavy brown hair.
Neils rubbed at a small cut on his chin.  “The way I figure it, prisons are built to keep people in.  Bases are built to keep people out.  So getting out of here should be as easy as Worchester pie.  They’ll probably just lift the gate and let us waltz on through with a friendly wave.”
Henrik grunted.  
The Kubelwagen skidded to a stop in front of the guard post, but the gate did not open.  Neils waved, but that didn’t work either.  The young guard kept his MP40 trained on the little car, his expression stone-faced.  The sergeant was delaying them for some reason, his ear pressed against the radio receiver, his expression growing dire with every second.  He put down the radio.
“Halt!” he bellowed.
“But there is a bomb in the back,” Neils explained.  “We must dispose of it.  Raise the gate.  There is no time.”
The sergeant raised his machine gun instead.  “Halt!  Get out of the vehicle and raise your hands!”
“So much for the friendly wave,” Henrik remarked.  Raising his hands slowly, he glanced back at the bomb.  “Start counting,” he whispered to Neils.
“Shut up and get out of the car!” the sergeant commanded.  Henrik and Neils obeyed reluctantly.
“The bomb has a two-mile blast radius,” Henrik said to the sergeant.  “We will all be killed unless—”
The sergeant fired a warning shot close enough for Henrik to hear the whistle of the bullet as it passed over his head.  Henrik crouched instinctively and moved forward towards the gate.
“Stop.”  The sergeant picked up the radio receiver again and told whoever was on the line that he had apprehended the escapees.  Henrik looked at Neils.  They were still too close to the car.
“I have papers.”  Neils pulled the forged papers out of his pocket, but the sergeant was not interested.  All of his attention seemed to be directed to the voice on the radio.  Henrik realized what was happening.  Hitler was using the NCOs at the guard post as guinea pigs.  He figured, wrongly, that the quarter mile between the base and the gate was a safe enough distance to test a Uranium bomb.  He didn’t care whether the guards, or Henrik, lived or died.  He just wanted to know if his bomb worked.  But if Henrik waited any longer, he would be dead.  He had to do something now.
“Stop!” he screamed at the top of his lungs.  “It’s not a bomb.  It’s a fake, and this man is a spy.”  Henrik pointed at Neils whose eyes widened with surprise.  The sergeant took his ear away from the phone.    
“What is he saying?”
“It’s him.  He’s the spy.  He forced me to come here.”  Before Neils could react, Henrik stepped forward and pushed Neils to the ground, grabbing the papers from his hand and the pistol from his gun holster.
“What are you doing?” Neils whispered menacingly, apparently unimpressed with Henrik’s version of plan B.
“Drop the pistol!” the guards commanded, cocking their machine guns.  Henrik obeyed, dropping the pistol, but slipping the papers under his jacket at the same time.
“He’s the one—the one you’re looking for.”  Henrik continued his defense, inching ever closer to the gatehouse.  He was still counting in his head, but there was precious little time left.  Soon none of this would matter anymore because they’d all be blown to pieces.  The sergeant had the receiver back to his ear.
“Yes, commandant.  Yes, that is what he said.  Yes, commandant, immediately.”  He hung up the receiver.  “Corporal, put them back in their ridiculous car and drive them back to the bunker.”
“No!” Henrik and Neils said almost in unison.
“Shut up!” the sergeant bellowed, and then the corporal took over, prodding Henrik and Neils into the back seat of the Kubelwagen, one on either side of the bomb.  There was no need to count now.  They could see the seconds ticking by on the chronometer as plain as day.
“Great plan,” Neils whispered bitterly.
“We’ll see.”
The corporal turned the key in the ignition, but nothing happened.  He pumped the gas and tried again.  “It’s dead,” he yelled back to the sergeant.  Henrik couldn’t help but smile at Neils.  As soon as he’d seen that they were not going to be allowed to just drive on through the gate, he’d had the foresight to yank the ignition wire.  There was no way he wanted to end up back in the car when it was about to blow up.  
The sergeant scratched his head and looked around the guard post.  The only means of transportation available now was the guards’ BMW motorcycle parked next to the gatehouse.  “Take them in the side car,” the sergeant grunted.
“What about the bomb?” the corporal asked.
The sergeant leaned his head out of the gatehouse to take a closer look at the dormant keg in the Kubelwagen.  Henrik held his breath.
“Leave it,” he grunted impatiently.  “Come back for it after you drop off these two traitors.”
Neils and Henrik eagerly squeezed into the little sidecar, and in moments they were bombing back down the dirt road towards Wolfsschanze.  Henrik counted down the seconds in his head, and then right on cue the little Kubelwagen blew up behind them with a terrific boom.  
“Sabotage!” the corporal exclaimed with surprise, looking back over his shoulder at the obliterated car.  And then he remembered his prisoners and swiveled his MP40 towards the sidecar.  He was a second too late, Henrik’s foot catching him in the ribs and propelling him into the air like a rock in a sling.  Neils was quick to grab the handlebars of the rider-less bike until Henrik could jump on.
“Do you think he’ll be all right?” Henrik asked, swinging the powerful bike around with a spray of dirt.
Neils laughed.  “I think his brains are pasted to the trunk of tree back there.  That was a nice kick.  You could play for Manchester United.”
Henrik’s mood soured.  He regretted the death of the corporal.  He was still a young man.  A moment ago, he had his whole life ahead of him—marriage, kids—and now he was food for worms.  
“Pick up his MP40 on the way,” Henrik said coldly.
When they reached the front gate, there was little left of it to stop them.  The gatehouse was flattened to the ground along with the scar-faced sergeant.  The only grim reminder of his post was a pile of burning lumber and a large red stain in the dirt.  Henrik didn’t look too hard for the rest of his body, but he could smell burning flesh.  In the distance, he could hear the sound of approaching vehicles.
“We better clear out,” Neils said.  “Take the tractor trail at the first fork.  They’ll be hard pressed to follow us there and it’ll give us a head start.”
Henrik gunned the engine.  The heavy tread tires sent up a spray of dirt into the air.  The feeling of freedom was exhilarating, especially after the tension of the last few hours.  They were alive, and they had transportation—fast transportation.  The BMW’s two-stroke engine had more horsepower than the major’s Kubelwagen, and with a full tank of gas it could travel twice as far.  But where were they going?  They were fugitives now, both of them.  He couldn’t return to the Institute, nor did he want to.  The doctor had dropped a name that was branded into Henrik’s memory.  Auschwitz.  It was a desperate hope.  Heineken was in all likelihood lying to save his own skin.  But it was Henrik’s only hope.  
No matter what Neils said, Henrik was going to Auschwitz.
“So where to?” Henrik asked, yelling over the roar of the BMW’s powerful engine.  Neils did not look up.
“Up ahead turn right.  We’ll make our way north to the Baltic Sea.  There’s an RAF drop zone near the coast with a transmitter hidden in an abandoned farmhouse.  It’ll be a long drive, but I think we can make it.”
North?  That was 180 degrees in the wrong direction.  Henrik was sure now that Neils knew nothing about Esther’s location, and even if he did, he would never tell Henrik or help him rescue her.  Henrik had failed to kill Hitler.  He’d reneged on his contract and put both their lives in danger all because he was too soft to risk the lives of a couple of snot-nosed kids.  Henrik didn’t blame Neils.  He would have done the same thing in his place.  But he wasn’t in his place.  Henrik looked down at the corporal’s MP40 dangling from Neils’ shoulder, and then he reached down with his right hand and yanked hard on the sidecar release.
“What the—” Neils exclaimed as the sidecar veered away from the motorbike and tumbled into the bushes.  Henrik looked back just as Neils was crawling out of the overturned sidecar, the MP40 still slung over his shoulder.  Although Henrik was not yet out of range, Neils made no attempt to fire at the fleeing motorcycle, to Henrik’s relief.  At the next intersection, Henrik made a sharp left turn and headed south along an unmarked dirt road.


Chapter 12: Auschwitz
________________

Heydrich stood up in the front seat of his open Mercedes and surveyed the wreckage.  How could this have happened?  They let the assassins walk right into Wolf’s Lair with a bomb.  And even when they were caught red handed, they still managed to get away.  But that wasn’t the most troubling dilemma.  There was still the question of why.
Kessler had been in the room with Hitler.  He showed him his bomb.  They even shook hands.  If Kessler’s objective was assassination, then why didn’t he do it?  He couldn’t have had a better opportunity.  Did he lose his nerve?  Was there a problem with the bomb?  It didn’t seem likely considering the damage it did to the major’s car.  
And what about the major?  Was he a willing accomplice or simply Kessler’s dupe?  Or maybe the clumsy penetration into Wolfsschanze had an entirely different purpose other than assassination.  Maybe the real objective was information.  If so, there was little more they would learn here.
Heydrich sat down and ordered Klein to take him back to the bunker.  About a hundred yards from the guard post, he noticed a strange set of tracks where a small vehicle had turned around on the dirt road.  Not far away a soldier was crawling through the grass.
“Stop!” Heydrich commanded.  Klein slammed on the brakes and Heydrich leapt out of the Mercedes, not bothering to open the door.  The corporal was badly injured, his ribs broken, his hair matted with blood.  Heydrich lifted his head slowly, being careful not to get blood on his uniform.
“What happened?” Heydrich asked.  The young soldier opened his mouth to speak but coughed instead, blood and mucus bubbling up over his lips.  His lungs had evidently been punctured by one of his broken ribs.
“The car . . . blew up,” he said with some difficulty.
“I can see that, corporal,” Heydrich snapped.  “How did they leave without a car?  Are they on foot?”  
“. . . my motorcycle.”
Heydrich remembered the tracks on the dirt road.  A motorcycle with a sidecar.  They wouldn’t be too hard to follow.  But there were still other unanswered questions.  
“Why were they here?  What were they after?”  The corporal’s eyes rolled over and Heydrich feared the boy would die in his arms before he had a chance to say anything useful.  “Corporal!” he snapped again, shaking the boy awake.  “Answer me!”
“Forged papers,” the corporal said, his body starting to convulse.  “A traitor.”
“Who?”
“The major.”  
So Koch was a double agent too.  Heydrich found it hard to believe.  He’d known the major for many years.  How could a spy rise so high up in the ranks?  It was impossible . . . unless he had help.  Heydrich thought immediately of his archrival and former mentor, Admiral Canaris.  
The corporal’s shaking came to an end and his eyes shut.  Heydrich lowered the boy’s head and wiped the blood off his hands with his handkerchief.  He didn’t know if the corporal was still alive or not, but he wasn’t too concerned.  He’d found out all he needed to know.  
“Klein, turn this crate back around.  We’re going south.”
“And the boy?”  
Heydrich looked at the bleeding corporal in the grass.  He was still breathing, but only in shallow gasps.  If he was treated immediately by a doctor, he might still make it. 
“Bah.  No time.  We must be off.  We have traitors to catch,” Heydrich said with enthusiasm and jumped into the car.  
Klein gave the dying boy a last pitiless glance and stepped on the accelerator. 
#
He didn’t dare stop and he didn’t dare turn onto a main road.  Surely they would be looking for him, scouring the countryside, as it were.  By now his description had been broadcast to every checkpoint in a ten-mile radius.  Henrik was behind enemy lines, a fugitive from his friends and foes alike.  He wondered vaguely how he’d somehow managed to make an enemy of just about everybody in the past month, but there was no time for regrets.
Five miles down the dirt road he came to an unnamed railroad junction and got an idea.  He could follow the tracks.  All of the major camps on the Chancellery map were linked by railways.  Finding Auschwitz would be as easy as connecting the dots.  He could stay clear of the main roads, and he could always take cover if he saw a train coming or heard a train whistle.  Henrik turned onto a trail following the south track and began the long bumpy ride through occupied Poland.  
It had been nearly three years since the German invasion, but the signs of the war were evident everywhere—cratered fields, ruined buildings, Polish road signs painted over in German.  Poland once had a proud army with a long and noble tradition, but they were no match for the German blitzkrieg.  The Luftwaffe swept over Poland like a hurricane, bombing key transportation routes and sending terror through the front lines.  And before the Polish army could regroup, German Panzers were running them down like bowling pins.  
At one point, the Polish cavalry even charged the tanks on horseback.  The Polish generals were still counting on the conventions and timetable of the Great War when troop movements were ponderous, tedious operations that took weeks if not months to coordinate.  The German blitzkrieg took hours.
Since then, Poland had fallen into a state of perpetual decay.  Henrik saw no sign of industry, no farmers tilling their fields or herding their cattle.  Henrik knew that many of the men had been conscripted for labor projects throughout the Reich, some to labor camps and others to special mobile brigades, but what about the women and children?  Where were all the people?  The countryside was virtually uninhabited.  The only improvements the Germans made to the nation since the invasion were the modern roads and railway networks, which now crisscrossed the country like an iron spider’s web.  An army can’t rule if it can’t move.  That much Germany had learned from the Romans. 
About fifty miles down the track, Henrik felt as if he could travel no farther.  The sun was beginning to set and he could no longer feel his legs.  He spotted a sliver of smoke rising from a thatched-roof farmhouse in the distance.  It was the first sign of life he’d seen all day.  But as he approached, the smoke dwindled.  The house was completely boarded up and dead quiet.  
Henrik wondered if his fatigue and hunger were playing tricks on his brain.  But lived in or not, the gloomy place would make just as good a hideout as any.  Henrik parked the motorbike under an overgrown apple tree and buried it in branches and leaves.  Then he climbed the rickety steps onto the front porch.
“Hello,” he called in German, but there was no answer.  He tried again in Polish.  He wasn’t fluent, but he knew a few words.  Still no answer.  He decided to claim the house in the name of all disenfranchised spies and kicked in the door.  With the windows boarded up, the interior of the little one-floor cottage was pitch black.  Henrik could smell smoke.  So there had been a fire.
“Hello,” he called again.  “Is there anyone home?  I’m sorry about your front door.  I thought—”  Henrik took a step into the darkness and then they struck.  There were at least two of them, but they were slow and somewhat less than stealthy.  Henrik heard voices and then saw a frying pan swing for his head.  He ducked it easily and struck out with his boot.  There was a grunt and then the sound of crying.  
“Stop.  You’ve hurt her,” an elderly voice called out in Polish.  “We surrender.  We surrender.”
Henrik still could not see who was speaking.  “You have the frying pan.  I surrender.  Just turn on the light.”  
There was a pause.      
“You won’t shoot?” said a voice with the frail timber of the old and sickly.
“No, I won’t shoot.  Look!  I don’t even have a gun.”  Henrik pointed to his empty gun holster.  “I just need a place to rest and—”  Henrik wondered how much he should say.  “May I come in?”
After a long second, a match ignited in the darkness.  Henrik’s eyes adjusted to the dim light.  The little cottage was indeed inhabited, by an elderly couple, little more than skin and bones dressed in rags.  The woman was on the floor holding her stomach with one hand and a frying pan with the other.  The man was crouching beside her holding the burning match.  There was only one piece of furniture in the room, a small dining table with three candles on it and only three wooden legs under it.  The man stood up cautiously and lit the candles on the table.
“We have grown accustomed to the dark,” he said.  “I suppose it was my fire that brought you here.”
“Yes,” Henrik said.  
The old man shook his head.  “It was foolish of me, but, you see, I found a potato in the cellar.  A potato!” he repeated the word as if it carried some special significance.  “I wanted to celebrate with a cooked meal.  I suppose now you will take it from us.”
Henrik felt his stomach growl.  “No, I’m not hungry at the moment.  Enjoy your potato.”
The man looked at his wife with the frying pan in her hand.  She still did not say anything.  Henrik realized that she was the one he had kicked in the dark.  He felt his face flush with embarrassment.  Who were these people?  Why was their quaint little farmhouse boarded up like an abandoned shack?  Who were they hiding from and why had they attacked him?
“I only need a place to rest for a few hours,” Henrik repeated, “a bed, if you have one.”
“We have no bed, but there is a blanket in the bedroom.”
“Thank you.”  Henrik peered into the next room.  It was even darker than the rest of the house.  Henrik wondered if he wouldn’t be better off sleeping in a ditch outside.  What would happen when he was asleep?  Would the mute old woman finish the job she’d started with her frying pan?
“Where is your gun?” the old man asked.
“I dropped it somewhere along the tracks.”
“Why ride on the tracks?  The German engineers have built us such modern roads.”  The man’s voice was so deadpanned that Henrik could not tell whether he was serious or sarcastic.  Either way, he was taking a big risk.  For all he knew, Henrik was a Gestapo.
“I’m looking for someone,” Henrik explained truthfully, “someone at Auschwitz.  Do you know the way?”
The old man grunted.  “Just follow the ghosts.”
Henrik didn’t like the sound of that.  “What do you mean?”
“The train people.  Have you not seen them?  Ghostly eyes that stare out at you from between the rungs of their cattle cars.  They pass by here five times a day on their way to hell.”  He looked at his silent wife.  “I suppose we will join them soon enough.”
The man did not talk anymore after that.  Henrik could no longer keep his eyes open.  He walked into the bedroom and closed the door.  He felt around until his hands found the blanket.  It smelled of death, and now Henrik was glad the room was dark.  He closed his eyes and dreamed of a cursed ship on an empty, starless sea.  
When he awoke a few hours later, the elderly couple was gone, but the hearth was aglow and the potato was in the frying pan sizzling.  The smell made his stomach groan, and despite his previous show of restraint, he found himself unable to resist.  He gobbled down the lonely spud as if it had been the most expensive cut of prime rib in Europe. 
It was still dark out yet, but Henrik felt compelled to escape the horrible little house.  He threw what Reichsmarks he had onto the rickety wooden table and left.  He heard a train whistle in the distance and remembered what the old man had said about following the ghosts.  Was Esther waiting for him at the end of those tracks or had she already become one of those ghosts?
Henrik kick-started the two-stroke BMW and raced off in pursuit of the train whistle.  Just as the sun began to rise, he caught up with the slow-moving train.  From a distance, it was nothing out of the ordinary, an average diesel engine pulling a long line of wooden cattle cars.  But as he approached within twenty or thirty feet he saw the ghostly faces appear in the cracks between the sideboards, beady, empty eyes in sunken, shadowed eye sockets.  He felt his skin crawl.
A Hungarian guard armed with a Mauser rifle peered down from the roof of the caboose and Henrik feared he’d strayed too close.  He should have hung back and waited for the train to pass.  It was too late now.  He had been spotted.  He gunned the BMW into high gear and popped off the tracks.  As Henrik accelerated past the caboose, the Hungarian took off his hat and waved.  Henrik waved back.  The Nazis and their allies were just one big happy homicidal family.
Henrik veered away from the train along a paved road that roughly paralleled the track.  If Esther were on that train, he would never be able to get her off, not with those Hungarians guarding the cars.  His best course of action now was to meet the train at the labor camp.  What he would do then was a complete mystery to him.  He still had no gun and he was still a fugitive.  Even if he laid low and made for the Baltic coast, he’d be darn lucky to avoid capture.  But bombing all the way across occupied Poland on a stolen motorcycle to a heavily guarded labor camp was just plain suicide. 
The ghost train faded into the distance behind him as ahead of him an industrial complex of vast size sprung up like a weed.  Henrik wondered if the road had veered off towards a major city like Krakow, but if that were the case, surely he would have seen signs.  It was more likely that a new factory had been built for the war effort.  But what kind of factory?  
In the center of the complex was an enormous train junction surrounded by hundreds of dwarf-like houses all lined up in neat little rows like an army of toy houses on parade.  In another part of the camp was a group of red brick buildings with smoke stacks rising a hundred feet into the air.  As he approached, the bitter stench of smoke became nauseating.  Henrik stopped at an iron gate, above which molded from iron bars, was a sign that read Arbeit Macht Frei (Work Makes One Free).  
Henrik had finally arrived at Auschwitz.
“Papers,” a guard barked in German.  Henrik reached for the only papers he had, and handed them to the guard.  The young man seemed bored and sickly.  His cheeks were sunken and smudged with dirt and his eyes were red.  Guard duty was never fun under any circumstances, but this place seemed to have taken a special toll.  The guard scratched his greasy head as he read over the forged documents.
“This is for Wolfsschanze!” he said with some surprise.
“Yes.  That is where I have been, and now I am here.”
“But this is to enter—”
“Look here, sergeant!” Henrik exclaimed with surprising fury.  “I have not traveled over a hundred miles simply to argue with you about things that I already know.  If you will look carefully, you will see the seal of the Chancellery.  Do you not see it?”
“Yes, b-but—” the guard stuttered, no longer bored.
“And if you look very carefully, you will see the words ‘urgent’ and ‘special weapons.’  Do you know what those words mean?”
“Yes.”
“If there is any delay in my mission, those responsible will suffer dire consequences!”
“Yes, sir.  Heil Hitler!” the young guard saluted abruptly and handed back the papers.  A moment later, the iron gate opened and Henrik drove on through.  The camp was exceedingly large, dwarfing the mere eleven barracks at Peenemunde.  And every part of it seemed to reek of the infernal smoke coming from its hundred-foot smoke stacks.  Henrik could not identify the smell.  It was unlike the scent of burning wood or coal or diesel, and yet somehow familiar.  What was this place?
 He decided to go to the camp headquarters and present himself directly rather than risk searching the camp on his own.  He would never find Esther otherwise, and if he were caught sniffing around in the wrong place, the authorities might become suspicious enough to make inquiries.  It wouldn’t take long before he was identified as one of the fugitives and then his ridiculous little game would be over before it even got started.
“But this says Wolfsschanze,” SS Colonel Rudolf Hoess said, echoing the sergeant’s query at the front gate.
“Yes, Colonel.  You are very perceptive.  Have you heard of Wolfsschanze?”
“Of course.  Who has not?” the colonel said pompously. 
“Have you been there?” 
The colonel shook his head.  “I don’t see what—”
“But you have been to the Russian front?”
The colonel’s proud countenance fell.  “No.  I have been stationed at Auschwitz since the invasion of Poland,” he said impatiently.
Henrik had seen the colonel’s type before.  Like many officers sitting out the war on guard duty in occupied territories, he aspired to greater things.  Having little combat experience himself, he reveled in reports of Germany’s victories abroad and dreamed about the day when he would be called upon to show his valor.  Henrik decided to give him that chance.
“Then you are precisely the man that he is looking for.”
“Who?”
“You see the document you are holding?  Please turn it over.”
The colonel obeyed and then his eyes widened.  There, to his surprise, was a handwritten message addressed directly to him and signed by Adolf Hitler himself.
“The Fuhrer apologizes for the haste with which this message was written and delivered, but it is a matter of dire urgency and there was no time to attain the proper Chancellery seals.”  Henrik leaned forward and lowered his voice.  “You see, an attempt was made on the Fuhrer’s life yesterday.  Now is the time for loyal Germans to show the true color of their hearts.”
“He will find mine to be made of pure gold,” Hoess declared.
“Then you will help me carry out the Fuhrer’s orders?”
“Of course.  I will muster the entire camp immediately.”
“No!” Henrik said, a little louder than he’d wanted to.  “That would not be prudent at this time.  The fewer people who are aware of the Fuhrer’s orders the better.”  Henrik took the papers back and stuffed them in his jacket pocket.  “This is a very sensitive matter and must be handled quietly.  Perhaps you could dispatch a clerk to help me search the records for the Jacobs.  I will be sure to notify you as soon as they are found.”
Hoess seemed to consider the question for a moment, his eyes glancing at the jacket pocket where Henrik had stuffed the hastily forged documents, and then he nodded.  “You will notify me immediately they are found.”
“Yes, Colonel.  Heil Hitler!” Henrik saluted sharply.  Hoess answered the salute with a sloppy wave of his hand and then turned to the files clerk and barked his orders.
Searching the files turned out to be a much larger task than Henrik had imagined.  Auschwitz was a major junction for all the work camps in Poland.  This equated to literally millions of names to search through.  Henrik felt overwhelmed.  Would the Nazis enslave the entire world?  The only upside of so many names was that the colonel eventually became impatient, or bored, and headed out for lunch.  This left Henrik with a free hand and a lowly junior warrant officer to pump for answers.
“What is this place for?” 
The clerk looked over his round spectacles timidly.  “Auschwitz?  It’s a labor camp.”
“Yes, I know Auschwitz is a labor camp, friend, but what do they labor at?  Do they make airplanes?  Tanks?  Flags?  What?”
“Piles,” he said after a moment’s deliberation and then pushed his glasses back up to the bridge of his nose.  “I don’t really know what they make.  I’m only a clerk.  But I’ve seen piles of all sorts of things.”  His glasses slipped forward.  “Glasses like these useless things.  They’re in a place called Canada.”
“Canada?”
“It’s a warehouse.  I don’t know why it’s called that, but they have piles of everything there.  Watches.  Boots.  Dolls.  Even teeth.”
“Teeth?”
“Gold teeth.”     
Henrik had other questions like, for example, why the numbers didn’t add up.  There were a thousand more “in” transfers than “out.”  Surely Auschwitz didn’t grow by that many prisoners every week.  But before he could get an answer to this question, the warrant officer asked a question of his own. 
“Jacobs?  Did you say the name was Jacobs?”
“Yes.  Have you found them?”
“There are hundreds of them.  It is a very common Jewish name.”
Henrik felt his hope wan.  “Search for a family with two men and two women.
“Families are split up upon arrival.”
“Why?  Never mind.  Search for the names Zelman, Eli, Esther and Sarah.”
He shook his head.  “These Jews breed like rabbits and they call all their children by the same names.  This could take all day.”
“Just keep looking.”  The clerk’s petty complaints were beginning to grate on his nerves.  Henrik felt his stomach growl.  The little bit of food energy he’d gotten from the old couple’s potato was wearing off.  “And order us something to eat,” he barked impatiently.  “You won’t have time to visit the mess hall today.  We have important work to do for the Reich.  Very important work.”
The clerk cringed.
It wasn’t until later that afternoon that the mousy little warrant officer finally located three of the names Henrik was looking for.  Zelman Jacobs, the Rabbi, had arrived two weeks ago, and Eli just last week.  The clerk showed Henrik their photographs, black and white snapshots taken upon their arrival.  Henrik recognized them immediately although they were mere shadows of their former selves.  There was an “x” beside their names, which, according to the clerk, meant they were deceased.  Henrik had been too late to save them, but was he too late for Esther and her sister?
“There is no Sarah Jacobs on the list, at least not with a sister named Esther and a father named Eli,” the clerk explained.
“So what does that mean?  Where is she?”
“She could be at another camp in Poland or somewhere else.  She just never came through Auschwitz.”
“But Esther did?”
“Yes.”  He looked at the file card and his child-like lips fell into a frown.  
“Well, where is she?”  Henrik snatched the index card out of the clerk’s hands.  There was her name, Esther Jacobs, and beside it the number 11.  “What does this mean?”
“She’s in block 11, but—”
“Take me to her.”
“What?  Now?  But I can’t.  It’s way over on the other side of the camp.  I never go there.”
Henrik grabbed the clerk by the throat.  “You’ll go there today if I have to choke you all the way.”  Henrik felt the warrant officer’s fragile neck in his large, powerful hand.  He could have snapped it like a twig.  
“But the colonel—”
“We’ll report to the colonel when we find her.  Bring me there now!”  He released his grip and the clerk fell to the ground, panting.  Henrik didn’t give him time to catch his breath.  Grabbing him by his starched collar, he dragged the clerk out to the motorbike and deposited him roughly in the sidecar.  Passing soldiers cast cursory glances in their direction, but no one came to the clerk’s rescue.  
“Which way?” Henrik demanded.  The clerk pointed mutely down the paved road toward the smoke stacks.  Henrik kick-started the BMW and gunned it, leaving a long strip of smoking rubber in his wake.  It was late afternoon and crowds of black and white striped prisoners were just making their way to their barracks before the sun went down.  Henrik laid on the horn to clear a path in front of him, but the weary prisoners were slow to move.  He saw their ghostly faces as he passed.  Dark, cavernous eyes, jutting cheekbones, and hollow cheeks.  Henrik slowed to let them pass.  
As they traveled further from the train junction, the prisoner shacks became more decrepit and the smell of smoke became more unbearable, stinging Henrik’s eyes and making his stomach turn.  Up ahead, he could see the hundred-foot smoke stacks churning out their pollution into the air and the redbrick buildings beneath them.
“What are those for?” Henrik asked, but the nervous clerk just shook his head.  And then he pointed to a shack near the tracks, the number 11 painted above the door.  Henrik skidded to a stop.  “Come with me,” Henrik commanded.  The clerk got out of the sidecar reluctantly.  He looked like a frightened fawn about to bolt at any second.
“We shouldn’t be here,” he said vaguely.  “We don’t have permission.”
“Never mind that.  The colonel put you at my disposal.  Follow my orders.  If you don’t, I swear to God I’ll kill you.”  The clerk gulped again.  “Now open that door.”
“I don’t have a key.  I’m just a clerk.”
Henrik pulled the little man out of the way and kicked in the door.  The wood was new and stubborn, but a second powerful kick cracked the door right down the middle.  A horrible smell of rotting flesh and human waste hit Henrik like a sledgehammer.  He fell back instinctively, his arm covering his face.
“I told you.  We shouldn’t be here.  The Einsatzgruppen—”  The clerk left his sentence unfinished.  Henrik thought he was about to start crying.  Something had him spooked and it wasn’t just the bad smell.  Henrik decided to leave the frightened clerk behind as he pushed on in.  The barracks was much like the prisoner camp at Peenemunde with one major exception.  No prisoners.
“Where are they?” Henrik screamed at the clerk as he burst out of the barracks.  
“I don’t know.  Maybe they took them already.”  Tears of terror ran down the clerk’s cheeks.  Henrik felt no sympathy for the young man.  A rage was growing inside him.
“Where did they take her?”
“The showers.  They took her to the showers in the little red house.  It’s too late.”  The clerk pointed at the redbrick buildings.
“Take me there.”
“No, no.  I won’t go there.”  He was crying openly now, like a frightened child.  Henrik grabbed him by his jacket and slapped him hard across the face.  The clerk became frantic.  He lashed out at Henrik with surprising fury, cutting Henrik’s cheek with his fingernails.  Henrik let go and the little man fell into the mud.  But he was up and away so quickly that Henrik was unable to grab hold of him again.  Henrik watched the clerk running down the dirt road like a man possessed and decided not to follow.  In his present state of mind, the clerk would attract too much attention.  Maybe he already had.
Henrik looked past the barracks.  Fortunately there were no soldiers around this area.  It seemed odd.  An empty barracks.  No soldiers.  And what were these showers the clerk had mentioned?  Henrik wouldn’t be able to ask him now.  He’d have to find out on his own.  Henrik hopped back on his motorbike and drove towards the redbrick buildings.  Before he reached the courtyard, an SS officer dressed all in black stopped him.
“This area is forbidden.  What are you doing here?” he demanded.
“I’m on official business.”  Henrik handed the forged papers that had already served him so well, to the inquisitive guard.  The guard saw only the Chancellery seal and handed them back.  “I am looking for a prisoner from block 11.  Her name is Esther Jacobs.”
The guard scratched his head.  “Block 11 has already gone in,” he said as if that should mean something to Henrik, which of course it didn’t.  Henrik shut off the engine and dismounted his motorbike.  
“Take me to her immediately.”
“Into the showers?” the guard asked with some surprise, but Henrik was adamant.
“Yes, corporal.  I must see the prisoner immediately.  It is an order straight from the Chancellery!”
The guard took a step back and then saluted.  He snapped a command to the young private by the gate and then led Henrik into the compound.  Henrik’s apprehension was growing by the second.  Why were the showers housed in redbrick buildings behind barbed wire?  None of it made any sense.
The SS corporal opened the door and Henrik entered.  He braced himself for a horrid stench, but nothing could have prepared him for what he saw.  The interior of the building was much like a warehouse, with a high ceiling and industrial lights, but instead of being filled with boxes or machine parts, it was filled with people—vacant, diseased, ghostly people, more dead than alive.  Half of them were naked, but with their heads shaved and their bodies so desiccated, Henrik wasn’t sure at first whether they were men or women.  The other half were still removing their clothes and depositing them on a large pile of filthy rags.
“Good,” the guard said behind Henrik, startling him.  “They’re still being processed.”  He looked at Henrik and his mouth twisted with rye humor.  “First visit to the showers?  You get used to it, eventually.”
“I don’t plan to be here that long.  Where is she?”  Henrik was afraid to look.  They were all women, he decided, but were they still human?  They looked like walking skeletons.  Was Esther among them?  What had they done to her?
“Esther Jacobs,” the guard bellowed.  The women turned to look at the guard but none of them stepped forward.  Behind them, Henrik could see the piles the clerk had talked about—piles of boots, piles of glasses, piles of gold teeth, and belts, and rings, and necklaces, and earrings, even hair.  Canada, he called it.  It seemed a funny name.  
He knew little about Canada except that it was a cold place, north of the U.S. and relatively bountiful.  And that was when Henrik finally solved the puzzle.  The piles and piles of miscellaneous articles.  They didn’t make these things at Auschwitz.  They harvested them.  Auschwitz wasn’t a factory.  It was a slaughterhouse.  And then the horror stuck him with a vengeance.  Esther, if she were here with all these other women, was about to die.    
“Esther Jacobs!” the guard yelled again, a hint of menace in his voice, but what else could he do to them now?  Surely they were well past the fear of pain or death.
“She’s not here,” a woman answered from the crowd.  It was a small voice, barely audible.
“Who spoke?  Show yourself.”  The naked women parted like the Red Sea, revealing a shriveled girl cowering in the corner.  Could that be Esther?  She was not as thin as the other walking skeletons around her, but as Henrik approached he saw the white rash that nearly covered her entire naked body.  She looked up with vacant eyes.
“She’s my sister,” she said, and only then did Henrik realize who she was.
“Sarah!” he said impulsively.  
The guard looked at him.  “You know her?”
“Corporal!” Henrik snapped, recovering his composure just in time.  “Take this prisoner to my motorcycle.”
“But she’s scheduled for—”
“And get her some clean clothes.”
The corporal obeyed, barking an order at one of the nearby privates who was corralling the women.  Meanwhile Henrik tried to figure out his next move and what had happened to Esther.  Did they somehow get their names mixed up in the transfer order?  If so, Esther might still be at another camp.  Or she might be dead already.  Henrik tried not to think about that.  He must not think about that.  He had to hang onto hope as long as he could.
The corporal finished putting Sarah in the sidecar and before he could utter another word of protest, Henrik was racing through the camp like a madman.  He made it as far as the front gate, but no farther.  A black Mercedes with the license number SS-3 was waiting for him.
“Did you really think you could get away with this?” Heydrich asked sharply.  Sergeant Klein sneered beside him, his Luger drawn.  “Did you really think we wouldn’t catch up with you?”
Henrik gritted his teeth.  The gate was shut tight.  He had no gun, and even if he did, there was no way he could take on the whole camp.  The SS guard at the gate had his MP40 ready.  Next to him, the colonel and his cowardly clerk looked on with great interest, eager to see this bizarre drama reach its inevitable climax.  Henrik had one last card to play.
“Obergruppenfuhrer, thank God it’s you.  The traitor escaped but I have discovered information—”
Heydrich laughed.  “Oh yes.  The major.  How did he escape?  We nearly missed you because of him, following that stinking farm road for hours on a wild goose chase.  You wouldn’t happen to know where he toddled off to, would you?  But no, you wouldn’t tell me the truth even if you knew.  I seriously think that you are incapable of speaking the truth.  Enough of your games, Herr Kessler.  I know all about your silly charade at Wolfsschanze.  Now be a good loser and come with me quietly and I promise to save the truly sinister interrogation until we reach Prague.”
Henrik weighed his options for a long moment, his motorcycle idling noisily.  He couldn’t run.  He couldn’t fight.  And apparently he could no longer bluff.  Heydrich must know enough to sign his death warrant or he wouldn’t have tracked him to Auschwitz.  But there was still a chance that Sarah would be spared if he had time to spin a convincing yarn.  The only thing left to do was stall.  Henrik let the engine die and got off the bike slowly.  Heydrich smiled.
“Is that it?”  Colonel Hoess protested indignantly.  “Are you simply going to take him away without a word of explanation?”  
Heydrich turned to the colonel.  “Yes, Herr Hoess.  That is precisely what I’m about to do.”
The colonel sputtered.  “And what of the girl?  Do you wish to take her too?”
Heydrich shrugged.  “She’s your prisoner.  Do with her as you will.”
“No!”  Henrik screamed.  Now was his chance.  He had to make his case or Sarah would return to the redbrick buildings and an unimaginable death.  “Obergruppenfuhrer, this Jewess was in contact with the traitor.  She has important information—”
“I told you before, Herr Kessler,” Heydrich interrupted.  “No more games.  Guards, shoot her.”  Klein cocked his Luger immediately, but Henrik jumped in his path with his arms raised above his head.  
“No games, Herr Heydrich.  She knows the identity of a German double agent.  If she dies now, that information will die with her.  At least bring her in for questioning.”  Henrik had pushed his gambit as far as it could go, perhaps too far.  German interrogation can be a vastly painful experience.  Perhaps Sarah would be better off dead.  But if there was life, there was hope.
Heydrich seemed to ponder the situation for a moment, and then he made his decision.  “Take him to my car,” he said calmly, “and then shoot her.”
“No!” Henrik screamed, greeting the gate guard with a knife-hand to the throat that left him flat on his back, gasping for air, before he even had a chance to raise his machine gun.  Henrik turned to face Klein, but the boxing champ of Austria was too quick for him, catching Henrik in the solar plexus with a powerful upper cut that doubled him over painfully.  As Henrik gasped for air, two more guards emerged from the colonel’s office.
“No!” Henrik grunted, but he was helpless.  He felt his body being manhandled into the backseat of the limo, his wrists cuffed behind his back to the door handle.  He kicked and screamed, but all in vain.  He was out muscled, outmaneuvered and outnumbered.  A moment later, he heard the lone rapport of a Luger pistol.  
It was over.
Heydrich’s smiling, ugly face appeared in the window.  “Are you quite finished?  Good.  Then we can go.”  Heydrich entered the front passenger door while Klein sat beside him in the driver’s seat.  Henrik’s last view of Auschwitz was the ironic sign, Work Makes One Free, with Sarah’s bloody corpse sprawled on the pavement beneath it.


Chapter 13: Prague
________________

Henrik brooded silently in the back seat of the Mercedes, looking out the window at the pitch darkness of the moonless night.  All the world was darkness.  It would never be light again.  The sun would never rise.  The Nazis had painted the universe a uniform black.  He’d witnessed Sarah’s murder with his own eyes.  He’d seen how remarkably easy it was for his fellow Germans to kill her.  And he knew without the shadow of a doubt that Esther must also be dead.  The only thing left for him to do now was follow her into oblivion.  It was the final act of this farcical tragedy.
As the sun rose over the Czechoslovakian countryside, Heydrich woke up and smiled at Henrik cordially.  “Beautiful day, isn’t it?” he said and then ordered Klein to open the top.  “I recently received a directive from Berlin advising me to add armor plating to my staff car and cease my practice of driving with the top down,” he explained as Klein stopped the car and put down the top.  “But I have nothing to fear in this country.  No Czech or Slav in his right mind would even think of harming me the reprisals would be so great.  A thousand would die, no a million.  Do you see the power of fear, Henrik?”
Henrik did not respond.  The man was a monster.
“Oh, Henrik.  Why so sour?  It pains me to see you this way,” Heydrich taunted from the front seat as Klein got back in and started up the car.  “You mustn’t blame yourself.  You saved her from a truly horrible death.  Better for her to die from a bullet to the brain than from poison gas.”  
Heydrich shook his head as if attempting to erase an unpleasant memory.  “You should see the way those Jews climb on top of each other, grasping for every last moment of life.  They are like animals.  In the end, there is a pyramid of bodies up to the ceiling, with the oldest and youngest crushed to death at the bottom.  For one such as your young Jewess, the final moments must be pure terror.”
Henrik remembered what the guard had said about the little red house, the redbrick buildings.  Showers, he called them.  But they weren’t showers.  They were something else.  They were gas death traps.  What kind of diabolical mind would devise a plan to kill people in such a way?  It was madness.
“And the smoke?” Henrik asked, trying to restrain his emotions.
Heydrich looked back over his shoulder.  “The smoke, yes.  Terrible odor, isn’t it?  That’s the main reason I avoid the camps as much as possible.  The idea that a dead Jew is entering my body through my nostrils is truly repulsive, don’t you think?  But we must dispose of the bodies somehow.  I hear the ashes make good fertilizer.”
Henrik struggled to understand.  What he’d always known, or at least thought he’d know about the universe had been turned upside down.  Germany, the nation he loved with all of his heart, had turned suffering, pain and death into an industry of diabolical efficiency.  The piles of clothing, glasses, watches, teeth, hair.  The showers.  The ovens.  It was inhumanity to the extreme.
“How could the Fuhrer allow this to happen?” Henrik asked half to himself.
“Allow?”  Heydrich looked at Henrik with surprise and amusement.  “He doesn’t allow this to happen.  He is a great, great man.  He makes it happen by the force of his invincible will.  He is the architect of the final solution, and one day the entire world will be remade in his image.  Imagine it, Henrik.  A new world order of Ubermen, completely free from racial deficiency.  The Aryan race will finally take its rightful place as rulers of the universe.”
Henrik felt the Mercedes shake with the force of Heydrich’s oration.  And then the Reichsprotektor’s voice lowered to barely a whisper.  “Too bad you will not live long enough to see it happen.”
“Neither will you,” Henrik responded bitterly, but it was vain threat.
Heydrich laughed but did not press the issue further.  He’d had his fun. 
“You have made me late, Herr Kessler.”  Heydrich looked at his watch.  “I am usually at Castle Prague by this hour, sipping a hot cup of black tea.  Oh, but it will be a special morning, well worth the wait.  Klein has been looking forward to this ever since you condemned his friend, Schliemann, to death with your lies.  You could say that he is eager to return the favor.  Very eager.”
Klein gritted his teeth behind the wheel, sparing an evil glance back at Henrik.  Henrik had no doubt that Klein would enjoy the interrogation to the fullest.
As they entered the outskirts of Prague, Klein slowed down the Mercedes to negotiate the tight corners between the red-roofed townhouses.  Prague was a beautiful city, quaint and baroque in architecture and yet modern at the same time, with electric trams and telephone lines crisscrossing the cobblestone streets.  Heydrich breathed in the late spring air as if he were on a morning pleasure ride.  
“The run-down townhouse where we found you was registered to a Jew named Eli Jacobs, a former physics professor at the Wilhelm Kaiser Institute and close associate of Werner Heisenberg and Otto Hahn.  That was my first clue, but I still needed more to reveal the full extent of this conspiracy, so I intervened on behalf of the Jacobs family and rerouted their transfers.  The men I sent to Peenemunde to work on von Braun’s rockets.  It was horrible, dangerous work that was sure to attract your attention.  Eventually they were all transferred to Auschwitz, all except one.  You should thank me, Henrik.  I probably saved them months, perhaps years of suffering.”   
Henrik tensed up, straining against his cuffs until they dug painfully into his wrists.  Heydrich watched the buildings pass by oblivious.
“I was just on my way to pick up the final Jacobs girl.  I don’t recall her name.  Something Jewish.”  He reached into his pocket and pulled out a folded document.  “But this, my friend, is a death warrant with her name on it.”
Henrik screamed, yanking on the door handle until his wrists bled.  Heydrich and Klein laughed heartily in the front seat and Heydrich stuffed the paper back in his inside jacket pocket.  Klein slowed again to negotiate a sharp curve, and that was when the assassins struck.  A man stepped boldly in front of the car and pulled back his white raincoat to reveal a Sten machine gun.  Heydrich ducked instinctively, but the Sten jammed.    
“Stop the car!” Heydrich screamed, standing up and reaching for his Luger pistol.  The would-be assassin was caught flat-footed with a broken gun in his hands.  Heydrich aimed his pistol calmly.  At this range, only a few yards, he could not miss.  But before he could fire, another pedestrian stepped off the curb and hurled an object about the size of a soup can at the car.  It struck the left fender and exploded loudly, popping the tire and blowing a large hole in Heydrich’s door.  Henrik, still cuffed to the door handle, watched the frantic events unfold as if he were at the cinema.
When the smoke cleared, Heydrich realized the second assassin had also missed his target.  In a rage, he kicked open the broken door and vaulted out of the car, firing wildly with his Luger as he went.  The bomber dropped his brown valise and fired back with a small Colt 32.  Henrik recognized the distinctive rapport.  Meanwhile, Klein had already jumped out of the driver’s seat and was bounding off in mad pursuit of the other unlucky assassin with the jammed Sten gun.  
Just as it looked like things were going terribly wrong for the assassins, Heydrich collapsed up against the staff car, blood soaking through his shirt.  Had he been wounded by the bomb or shot?  Henrik couldn’t tell.  But either way, he was delighted.  Klein had the opposite reaction.  Giving off his pursuit of the fleeing unarmed assassin, he ran back to the aid of the obergruppenfuhrer.
“No!  Get him!” Heydrich screamed, stemming the flow of blood with a handkerchief.  Klein seemed to hesitate, but Heydrich pushed him on.  “It’s just a flesh wound, you fool.  Get him!”
Klein stood up and looked down the street.  By now the unarmed assassin had disappeared into a narrow alleyway, so Klein turned his attention to the fleeing bomber who was still in sight.  Reckless of his own safety, he sprinted down the two-lane roadway firing as he ran.  
Henrik was suddenly alone in the back seat of the Mercedes.  It was now or never.  He put his full weight into the door handle, ignoring the pain, his blood pumping with adrenalin.  All at once, something gave.  The door handle broke with a satisfying snap.  Heydrich looked up at the noise and for a split second, their eyes met.  Heydrich aimed his Luger and before Henrik could even flinch, pulled the trigger.  
Click.  
Heydrich had unwittingly emptied his pistol at the fleeing assassin.  He swore angrily and searched his pockets for more ammo.  Henrik didn’t wait to see if he had any.  Charging forward like a bull, he speared Heydrich with his head.  The wounded obergruppenfuhrer grunted, and fell backwards, smashing his skull on the pavement.  The empty Luger fell from his hand and rattled on the pavement.  
Heydrich was out cold, maybe dead.  Henrik didn’t have time to find out which.  Bending over backwards, Henrik began searching Heydrich’s pockets for the keys to the handcuffs.  He found Esther’s death warrant instead.  He took it out and continued searching.  After a few more frustrating seconds, he found the keys and popped open the cuffs.
He paused just long enough to grab Esther’s death warrant before racing off at a full sprint.  It was foolish to go after a killer like Klein without a gun, very foolish, but he couldn’t let him kill the man who had just saved his life.  He rounded the corner just in time to catch the tail end of their desperate gunfight—Klein’s heavy Luger against the assassin’s soft-sounding Colt 32.  
The firing stopped when both men ran out of ammo.  Henrik couldn’t tell if either man was wounded.  Then he saw the assassin duck into an alley with Klein right behind him.  Henrik would have to hurry.  Klein was a powerful man and would make quick work of his prey if he caught him.  Henrik couldn’t allow that to happen.  He ran into the alley after them and saw Klein towering over a motionless figure in a gray raincoat.  Was he too late?
“Klein!” Henrik yelled, his angry voice echoing between the stone buildings.
Klein looked at Henrik and smiled.  “Since when does the rabbit chase the lion.  You were very foolish not to run away when you had the chance.”  He kicked the body on the ground, causing the man to groan, and then turned to face Henrik with eager delight.  Henrik stepped forward, remembering the blow Klein had landed earlier, and feinted to his left.  Klein fell for it, striking out with a powerful right cross.  Klein was blindingly quick, but he overcommitted himself early.  Shifting his weight, Henrik dodged the blow and landed one of his own, a knee to the man’s groin.  Klein staggered back, but he did not fall.  
“You’ll pay for that,” he said.
Henrik feinted to his left again, but now Klein was onto him.  He shot out a short jab, grazing Henrik’s forehead and then another that boxed his ear.  He was zeroing in on his target like a high altitude attack bomber, and with his reach advantage, Henrik couldn’t even touch him, at least not with his fist.  Henrik kicked at Klein’s knee.  The sergeant absorbed the blow, gritting his teeth, and then caught Henrik with a round house that rang his bell.  Henrik shook his head, trying to stay in the game.  Klein sensed his advantage and moved in for the kill.  But that was okay with Henrik.  He’d had enough of the boxing match.
Before Klein could level another punch, Henrik shot forward in a crouch and grabbed Klein’s lead leg.  The big man wobbled awkwardly.  Unable to use his primary weapons in close quarters, he seemed at a loss for what to do.  Klein was a champion boxer, but he was no wrestler.  Fortunately, Henrik was.  He swiveled around Klein’s big thigh and dug his elbow into his kidney.  This was enough to push Klein off balance.  With a grunt, all 250 pounds came crashing down on the nearby garbage cans.  Henrik reigned down a veritable hailstorm of quick jabs that forced Klein to roll over onto his stomach to save his face from being pulverized like chopped steak.  Henrik stood up and put his full weight into a devastating knee to Klein’s already sore kidney.  
Klein howled.  
He wouldn’t die from his injuries but he was basically immobilized and he’d be pissing blood for a week.  Henrik heard sirens in the distance and then the assassin stirred behind the overturned garbage cans.  
“Come on, soldier.”  Henrik helped him to his feet.  “We have to clear out.  Can you run?  Do you have a car?”
Klein had beaten him up pretty badly, but he shook it off.  “This way,” he said with a thick Czech accent.  He paused a second to give Klein one last kick in the ribs and then hobbled off down the alley.  Henrik liked him already.
They passed through several streets checking over their shoulders as they went and trying not to attract too much attention.  The Czech assassin was bleeding from his forehead and walked with a limp, but the good citizens of Prague paid him no mind as they headed out of their quaint red-roofed apartments to start their daily activities.  After three years of occupation, they were used to looking the other way.  Henrik hoped they were also good at lying to the SD agents that were likely to show up at any moment and start questioning them about two fugitives, one a Czech in a gray raincoat and the other a rather disheveled SS officer.
After running through the streets of Prague for nearly half an hour, they came to a small butcher shop with chickens and turkeys hanging skinned and bloody in the window.  By now, the sound of sirens and roaring engines had become a full orchestra.  News of the assassination attempt must have gone out to every German military and paramilitary organization in Czechoslovakia.  In minutes, Prague would be crawling with armed guards hell-bent to catch Heydrich’s would-be assassins.  
The Czech had taken them on a very circuitous route to reach their present location, avoiding the usual checkpoints and most crowded streets, but somebody was bound to have seen them.  Henrik hoped this little butcher shop wasn’t the assassin’s final destination or they might be the ones skinned and hanging in the window.
“In here,” he said impatiently when Henrik paused at the door.  “Come on.  It’s all right.”
Henrik followed the Czech reluctantly into the shop.  As soon as they were inside, a bald fat man dressed in a bloody apron stepped out from behind the counter and greeted the assassin with a Czech army salute.  The assassin returned the salute.
“Is it done?  Did you kill the Butcher?” asked the fat man excitedly.
Heydrich was feared and hated by the Czechs and Slavs alike.  In his first year of occupation, he had executed over a thousand high-standing citizens.  He was known as the Hangman, the Blond Beast, the Butcher of Prague, and here was a real butcher, a butcher of Prague, no less, asking if he was dead.  Henrik could not fail to see the irony.
The Czech assassin shook his head in shame.  The butcher’s look of childlike anticipation fell immediately and then he caught sight of Henrik.  
“Who is he?”
“I don’t know, but he saved my life.”       
The butcher looked at Henrik’s German uniform and iron cross medal.  “Another spy paratrooper?” he asked skeptically.  He eyed Henrik warily, waiting for a response.  Henrik shrugged his shoulders.
“I’m just looking for a girl.”
The two men looked puzzled, but before Henrik could explain further, the sound of approaching sirens put an abrupt end to the conversation.
“Hurry.  Get in here,” he said pointing to the walk-in icebox.  “There is no time.  They know of this place.  In minutes we will be swarming with Gestapo.”  As the butcher grew more excited, he slipped into Czech and Henrik caught only the gist of what he said, but it was enough.
“In there?  But won’t they find us?”
“No,” the fat man said simply.
If Henrik had another plan, any plan, he would not have entered the icebox, but he was a stranger in a strange land.  He had no other choice but to trust his knew allies.  He followed the assassin into the cold room and prayed he knew what he was doing.  As the icebox door closed, the assassin pushed his way past the rows of hanging beef and leaned against the back wall.  To Henrik’s surprise, the stone wall moved about a foot backwards, revealing a narrow tunnel that disappeared into darkness.
“It leads to St. Cyril.  We can hide there and plan our escape with the others.”
“What others?”
“The other paratroopers.”  Without another word of explanation, the assassin disappeared into the dark tunnel and Henrik followed.  The walls of the tunnel were made of sharp, rough-hewn stones, but in places the stones were smooth and rounded.  The two men had to feel their way along blindly until the assassin finally lit a match.  They had come to a crossroads.
“Ah, it’s this way,” he said.  Henrik looked down the tunnel in the dim light.  It was a crypt, a catacomb of some sort that seemed to go on forever.  The smooth stones weren’t stones at all, but skulls and bones imbedded in the mortar.  Henrik shivered in disgust.  But this was no time to be squeamish.  If he didn’t keep up with his guide, he could be trapped down here forever.
Eventually the crypt terminated at a stairwell that wound its way up into a cellar that smelled of rats and beer.  The Czech lit some candles with another match and the cellar filled with light.  Henrik felt as if he’d just walked through the gates of heaven.  They’d reached St. Cyril.
“So what’s the plan?” Henrik asked in a whisper.
“We wait for your friends.”
“My friends?”  Henrik was at a loss.
“The other British spies.  The paratroopers.”
“I think you have me confused with someone else.  I’m not a British paratrooper.”
“You attacked a German soldier and saved my life.”
“Yes, but—”
“And yet you are wearing a German uniform with a medal.  Only the British have such things.”
That much was true.  The British SIS was more experienced and better equipped than her French and American allies, a formidable foe to Canaris’ Abwehr and Himmler’s SD.  But still, the Czech assassin had jumped to a dangerous conclusion on very scant evidence.  There could have been a number of reasons why Henrik was wearing a German uniform, the most likely of which being that he was German.
“And,” the assassin continued, sitting down on a broken church pew, “you have an English accent.”
“A what?”  Henrik was flabbergasted.  Now he knew the man was crazy.  “But I tell you I’m German.  My accent, if I have one at all, is Prussian, not English.”
“Not when you speak German,” he explained with a twinkle in his blue eyes, “when you speak Czech.”
Henrik’s face went red, and for a moment it seemed uncertain whether he would slap the assassin or spit in his face.  And then, all at once, he threw all caution to the wind and broke into a loud laugh.  The assassin laughed as well.  It was a pleasant sound, and Henrik could see now in the candlelight that he was a young, handsome man with a great deal of natural charisma.  Henrik found it impossible to dislike him.  He didn’t know if the assassin was serious about his English accent, nor did he care.  The few seconds of humor had broken the tension of the last six hours like a crack in a dam.
Joseph popped open a bottle of beer and for the next few minutes, the Czech and the German chatted in the church cellar as if they were old friends at a Bohemian pub.  His name was Joseph Gabcik, a warrant officer in the Czech army who had escaped to Britain and been especially trained to kill Heydrich.  Apparently, he had been planning the assassination for a long time and had a stash of food and weapons in a number of safe houses and secret locations around the city, including St. Cyril.  
The paratroopers arrived one by one over the next half hour.  They were the remnants of a British/Czech commando squad that had dropped into Czechoslovakia a month ago to carry out various acts of sabotage.  The mission was a complete disaster from the poorly planned beginning to the bitter end.  There were only six of them left alive out of three hundred.  All the rest had died, most opting to bite their cyanide capsule rather than risk capture.  
Joseph’s unlucky accomplice, Jan Kubic, was last to arrive at the church.  He wanted to know about Heydrich.  Henrik told him what he knew and the young man looked visibly disappointed.  A sixth paratrooper never showed up for the meeting.  The others seemed worried by this, but made no comment.  A conspiracy was only as strong as its weakest link.
Over the next hour, the men discussed possible plans for escape.  All roads were blocked and the streets were swarming with Gestapo and Wehrmacht troops.  The attack on Heydrich had provoked an unprecedented response.  It would be utterly impossible to leave Prague for at least a week, maybe a month.  The paratroopers could hold out that long.  They had supplies and the bishop would bring them more if they needed it.  And if they were discovered, they had plenty of ammo.  They would fight until they were down to their last bullet, and then turn the gun on themselves.
Henrik felt the irrational thrill of war.  He was in a room with seven of the bravest men he had ever met.  He wanted desperately to share in their glory and to be there for their courageous last stand, if it came to that.  But he could not.  
“I’m afraid I can’t stay here with you.”  Henrik kept his eyes fixed on the burning candle, too ashamed to look into their faces.  He felt seven pairs of eyes fall on him.  Their unspoken reproach burned more than fire ever could.  “As I told you before, I’m looking for a woman.  I must find her, whether she’s alive or dead.  I must know.”
“You won’t make it past the first checkpoint,” Joseph said grimly without any hint of recrimination, “not without papers.”
Papers!  Henrik reached into his pocket and pulled out Heydrich’s death warrant.  “Will this do?”
“Where did you get that?”
“Heydrich had it on him.”
Joseph looked over the papers and nodded.  “Well, my friend, I’m sorry to see you go.  May God bring you success, but if he doesn’t—”  He reached into his pocket and pulled out a green cyanide capsule.  “May you die with honor.”
Henrik took the capsule and slipped it into his inside jacket pocket.  “Thank you, but what I could really use is a gun.  I never much liked the taste of cyanide.”
Joseph laughed and pulled the Colt 32 from his pocket.  “It’s yours.  I couldn’t seem to hit anything with it, but maybe you’ll have better luck.  At least it won’t jam like that blasted British issue Sten gun.”  He looked at Jan Kubic whose face immediately soured.  “There’s spare ammo in the choir loft.  Take as much as you need.”    
Henrik stepped out of the church clutching the death warrant in his hand.  It was a very official document stamped with the Chancellery seal and signed by the Fuhrer himself, but was it enough to get past both the Gestapo and Wehrmacht during a high-profile lockdown?  There was only one way to find out and now was as good a time as any.
A Wehrmacht patrol was moving down the street towards the church, methodically checking each apartment block one at a time.  They would find Heydrich’s would-be assassins if they had to check every basement and attic in Prague.  Henrik marched directly towards them, assuming the exaggerated, purposeful stride of a German officer on an important mission for the SS. 
“You there,” he snapped loudly.  “Stop messing about and tell me where I can find this prisoner.”
The junior lieutenant turned to look at Henrik, startled, and then saluted.  Henrik barely outranked him, but he wore the double lightning bolts and silver skull of the SS.  Henrik shoved the death warrant in his face.  The lieutenant’s eyes widened with fear when he saw the seal and signature.  But then he began to read the words and his eyes narrowed.  Henrik felt the tension growing.  The lieutenant had noticed something wrong.  Henrik resisted the urge to go for his gun.
“Not here,” he said after a few seconds.
“What?”  Henrik feigned angry impatience.
“There’s no area indicator.  The number for Prague is 276.”
Henrik just assumed Heydrich was keeping her prisoner in Prague.  Why else would he be carrying her death warrant with him if not to execute her right in front of Henrik’s eyes?
“Where is she then?” Henrik asked.
He shook his head.  “That’s just it.  There is no area indicator.  It’s an open warrant.  Is she a fugitive?”
Henrik snatched the paper out of the lieutenant’s hands.  “Never mind that.  Carry on.”  The lieutenant hesitated, looking at the unusual warrant in Henrik’s hands.  “I said, carry on, lieutenant!”  This was enough to snap him out of it.  He saluted smartly and ordered the private to kick in the next door.
Henrik stuffed the document back in his pocket and marched down the narrow street.  So Heydrich had lied.  He didn’t know where Esther was.  In fact, he got the two daughters mixed up somehow.  He was just bluffing, perhaps hoping to use it as leverage during the interrogation.  The warrant might get Henrik out of the city, but other than that, it was useless.  He still had no way to find Esther.  He was a fugitive again in hostile territory, but now he had no place to go.  The only thing he knew for certain was that he couldn’t stand still.  Resuming his quick, confident stride, he marched off towards the city limits.
Along the way, he witnessed the ruthless methods employed by the Wehrmacht and especially the Gestapo to interrogate the local Czech inhabitants.  The streets were filled with screaming women and crying children.  It took all of Henrik’s will power not to intervene.  The trams, trains and taxis had all been shut down, so Henrik was forced to walk through the pandemonium.  He felt like a bystander in hell.  When he finally reached the highway checkpoint, his feet were sore and his heart sick.   
“All exits have been closed,” the guard barked.  “What is your business?”
Henrik ignored the question, holding up the signed death warrant.  The guard raised an eyebrow and then picked up the phone.  
“You are to wait here,” the guard said after a truncated conversation on the telephone.  Henrik considered going for his gun and making a run for it, but something in the guard’s eye told him it was a mistake.  After a few minutes, a black Mercedes coup pulled up to the guard post and a gray-haired man in a navy uniform got out.
“Well, young Kessler, you have had quite the adventure.  Perhaps you wouldn’t mind taking a restful drive with me in the country.”  The man held open his door and gestured for Henrik to get in.  It was Admiral Canaris, but what did he know about Wolfsschanze, and Auschwitz, and the attack on Heydrich?  And whose side was he on?  Canaris had been his mentor, but would their former relationship mean anything now?  Maybe Henrik had just become too much of a liability.  Would there be a handshake waiting for him in that Mercedes or a bullet?
Henrik stepped slowly into the car.  Canaris sat down beside him and shut the door.  He said nothing as the car slid effortlessly through the checkpoint and headed out onto the country freeway, leaving Prague in utter chaos.  After a few minutes, Canaris slid his hand under his jacket and Henrik braced for the inevitable.  There was no point in reaching for his Colt 32.  Canaris was a master chess player and always four steps ahead of everybody else.  If he wanted Henrik dead, there wasn’t a force on the planet that could stop him.
Fortunately, Canaris didn’t want Henrik dead, at least not today.  From under his jacket, he pulled out a black and white photo and handed it to Henrik.  “Is this her?” he asked.  It was a picture of prisoners, about a hundred of them, all women, their heads shaved, their faces drawn and vacant.  One of the faces was circled with a number beside it—612780.  Henrik looked at the face, at the eyes.  It was Esther.  His eyes filled with tears.
“She’s being held near Nordhousen, a camp called Dora-Mittelbau.  I’ve arranged for you to steal this car from me, but not until we get to Berlin, please.  I’m too old to walk very far.  My doctor says it’s arthritis.”  He bent his knee and groaned.  Henrik still wasn’t sure what he was talking about.  “You’ll have a full tank of gas.  Do with it what you must, but I have to warn you, Henrik, this photo is one week old.  She may not be the same woman by the time you find her.  She may not even be alive.”  
Henrik looked at the photo again and wiped his eyes.  “Thank you,” he wanted to say, but his lips only mouthed the words.  No sound came out.  The admiral patted touched his arm as if to say that he understood.
“I wish there was more I could do, but I no longer have the power I once had, or the freedom.  I am watched by SD agents at every turn.”  Canaris lit his pipe and puffed on it thoughtfully a few times.  The smoke smelled sweet to Henrik.  He used to love that smell, the smell of his father’s pipe.  Now it only reminded him of Auschwitz.  He shuddered convulsively.
“Did you really kill him?” Canaris asked softly.
“Who?”
“Heydrich.”
“No, at least, I don’t think so.  There was a bomb and gunfire.  He was wounded, and then I knocked him down and he hit his head.  I don’t think he was dead, but I didn’t have time to find out.”  Henrik put the photo in his pocket and pulled out the death warrant.  He looked into the admiral’s eyes.  “Would it be so bad if I had?”
Canaris sighed.  “He was my student at one time, my protégé, as you were.  I loved him, but I have no doubt that he deserved to die.”
“Neither do I.”  Henrik handed Canaris the death warrant with Esther’s name on it.  Canaris handed it back without even looking at it.
“You better hang on to that.  You might need it to get her out of Dora-Mittelbau.”
“But . . . you knew?” Henrik muttered with shock.  
 “Of course I knew.  I issued the warrant.”  Canaris paused to take another puff of his pipe while Henrik waited, open-mouthed, for an explanation.  “I needed an excuse to search for her, didn’t I?  I also needed to force Heydrich’s hand.  Kill two birds with one stone, if you’ll excuse the pun.  It appeared to have worked all too well, but I guess we’ll have to just wait and see.”
“What do you mean?”
“Heydrich was taken to hospital with a wound to his side and a bump on the back of his head.  He’s expected to make a full recovery.”
“That’s too bad.”
“Perhaps.”
Henrik looked at Canaris out of the corner of his eye.  Was he still a German?  Was he still loyal to the Fuhrer?  If so, why didn’t the admiral turn him in, or kill him on the spot?  Henrik was a traitor.  He had killed Germans, maybe even Heydrich.  He even made an attempt on Hitler’s life.  And yet this honorable old German was still helping him.  But maybe that was it.  
Canaris was the polar opposite of Heydrich.  He was an honorable German in a dishonorable, impossible situation.  He was still fighting, but in his own way, and against his own enemies.  Maybe he still held out hope that Germany would emerge from this nightmare with her honor still intact.  Henrik, on the other hand, had no such illusions.  He had seen the horrors of Auschwitz.  Either Germany was doomed, or the civilized world was.  The two could not coexist.
When they arrived in Germany, Henrik dropped the admiral and his bodyguard off at a tram stop just outside the city and then headed west on the autobahn towards Nordhausen.  He could see the jagged peaks of the Harz Mountains rising on the horizon.  He stepped on the accelerator.  The Mercedes coup purred like a kitten.  He would be there by nightfall and then he’d know.  Either way, he’d know for certain. 


Chapter 14: Dora-Mittelbau
________________

“There’s no one here by that name.  You’ve made a mistake.”
Henrik reached out his window and boxed the private in the ear with the back of his hand.  “No, private.  You are the one who has made a mistake, a very grave mistake.  This order comes directly from the Fuhrer himself.  Do you know what that means?”
The private rubbed his sore ear, his eyes suddenly fearful.  Nevertheless, he still had a job to do.  “Yes, but . . .” he began tentatively and Henrik boxed his other ear with equal ferocity.  The young soldier cowered against the back of his guard booth, its yard-wide dimensions suddenly too small to hide him.
The army was never kind to privates.  They got the lowest pay, the worst food and the cruelest treatment.  And it went without saying that they were the first to die in any war.  Henrik might have felt sorry for the young man if he’d never been to Auschwitz.
“This is a warrant for Sarah Jacobs, but you have no Sarah Jacobs because you sent her to Poland to be gassed.  Check her number—612780.”
The private flipped frantically through the camp register, the size of a phone book, while Henrik coolly lit up a cigarette.
“Yes, it’s here.  The number is right.”
“Of course the number is right.  It comes straight from the Chancellery.  But you imbeciles have switched the names.”
The private flinched, expecting another blow.  Henrik saw a drop of blood trickle form his left ear, but he felt no guilt.  
“Now bring me to prisoner 612780 before I have you all court marshaled.”  The private hesitated.  “On second thought, maybe I’ll just shoot you now and find her myself.”  Henrik reached under his jacket and the private ducked out of the guard booth with surprising speed.
“This way, lieutenant,” he said, looking over his shoulder with wild eyes.  “I’ll take you right to her.”  He began jogging down the gravel road and Henrik followed along slowly in the Mercedes coup.  The private was a good runner, averaging about 15 miles per hour for the whole quarter mile to the prisoner pens.  Any slower and Henrik would have run him down for spite.
“Barracks number 23,” he said between puffs, grabbing his stomach.  “Would you like me to—”  He broke off speaking long enough to vomit in the grass.  There were half a dozen guards about, big men with red faces and cruel looks in their eyes.  They said nothing to Henrik but looked on with interest.
“Of course,” Henrik snapped, jumping out of the car.  He didn’t want this scared little private to run away until he’d done his job.  “Now go in there and get her.  And be careful.  The Fuhrer wants his prize intact.”
One of the red-faced guards stepped forward.  “What do you want here?”
Henrik had hoped to avoid this.  The private was young and inexperienced.  Henrik could bully him into doing almost anything.  But these guards were another matter.  They were wary, like hungry wolves on the prowl.
“I have a death warrant for prisoner number 612780.”
“Does it have a name?” the guard sneered.  He spoke with an inordinate amount of belligerence.  He was big, maybe three hundred pounds, and apparently used to getting his way despite his low rank.  Such a man could cause trouble for Henrik unless he put him in his place fast.
Henrik took a step closer.  “Private, get on with it.”  
“Stop!”  The guard turned to the private, and when he did, Henrik took another step forward and pulled the guard’s own club from his belt.  The guard reached for it, but Henrik was too quick.  He brought the heavy piece of wood down hard on the guard’s big hand, breaking his little finger.  The guard snatched his hand back, but before he could retaliate, Henrik delivered two more heavy blows, one to the back of his knee and the other to his neck.  The big man dropped to his hands and knees with a loud yell.  The other guards were frozen with surprise.
“Is this not still Germany?  Do you not salute a superior officer?”  Henrik wrapped the club around the guard’s arm and levered it forward until he howled with pain.  Henrik put his lips right next to the guard’s ear.  “And tell me, in what part of hell does a lowlife prison sergeant say no to a lieutenant of the SS?”
“She’s not there,” the guard grunted.  “The doctor took her.”
“Well, why didn’t you just say so?”  Henrik dropped the stick and took a step back.  The guard picked up his club off the ground and stood up.  His face had gone from rosy red to blood scarlet.  Henrik pulled out his Colt 32.  “Now that we have finished the polite introductions, perhaps you wouldn’t mind leading me to this doctor of yours.”
None of the guards inside the camp were carrying side arms.  It was too dangerous.  If a prisoner got hold of it, he could cause some serious damage.  Tower guards had guns as did the officers, but camp guards had to rely on brute force and cruelty to keep the half-starved Jews in line, whips and black clubs being the weapons of choice.  The big guard looked at the small gun, perhaps weighing his odds, and then he saluted.
“Heil Hitler.”
Henrik left the private by the barracks and followed the bull-like guard down the gravel road to a small hospital building.
“She’s in there,” he said, rubbing his bruised neck.
“Doesn’t feel so good, does it?”  Henrik pointed at the door with his gun.  “You first.”  The guard opened the door reluctantly and stepped inside.  Henrik followed close behind.
“So Fritz, back so soon?”  A white-coated doctor was washing his hands with his back to the door.  “Have you brought me another princess from your Jewish harem?”
“Not exactly, doc,” Henrik answered.  The doctor turned around with a gun in his hand and fired.  Henrik dropped to one knee just in time to hear the bullet whisper over his shoulder.  The doctor was a sneaky old bat but he was no crack shot.  Henrik, on the other hand, was.  Before the doctor could get off another round, Henrik fired back, wounding the doctor in the shoulder.  The white-haired old man fell back against the sink, groaning.  His Luger clattered loudly on the ceramic floor.  
The guard reacted quickly, smashing a heavy arm down on Henrik’s wrist, nearly breaking it.  The man was frightfully strong.  He grabbed Henrik with one hand and threw him clear over the rolling instrument counter, quite a feet considering Henrik was six-two and roughly two hundred pounds himself.  
Before Henrik could get to his feet, the guard’s whip was out.  It cracked against Henrik’s face, digging a bloody trench in his cheek an inch below his right eye.  The whip cracked again, but this time Henrik threw up his right arm to catch it.  The woven leather wrapped around his forearm like a snake.  Henrik braced himself against a hospital bunk and yanked with all his might, wrenching the whip out of the guard’s meaty hands.   
The big guard was caught off guard.  Although violence was a way of life for him, he wasn’t used to fighting men of Henrik’s skill and experience.  He was already thinking of escape when he spotted Henrik’s Colt 32 on the floor by the door and dived for it.  He would have got it too if Henrik hadn’t kicked the stainless steel counter into him, knocking him once again to his hands and knees.  Before he could get up, Henrik was on him, wrapping the whip around his neck and squeezing like a python.  The guard’s fingers were only inches from the gun.  
“Don’t do it!” Henrik warned.  The guard lunged and Henrik snapped his thick neck like a tree branch.  His three-hundred-pound body went limp in Henrik’s arms and Henrik dropped him like a sack of potatoes.  The entire struggle lasted no more than a few seconds.  The doctor was still leaning up against the sink, holding his shoulder, his gun still at his feet.  
“Don’t move, doc, unless you want me to brand your other shoulder.”
“I will not move.  What do you want?”
“Kick the gun over here.”
The doctor complied.  Henrik dropped the whip and picked up both guns, stowing the smaller Colt in his jacket pocket and keeping the heavy Luger trained on the compliant doctor.  With his free hand, he tipped over the rolling stainless steel counter and braced it under the door handle.  The guards outside would have heard the shot.  They’d be coming for him, perhaps with guns of their own this time.  Henrik felt his muscles cramping from the strain of breaking the big guard’s neck.  
“Prisoner 612780.”
“Esther,” the doctor said with a look of cool recognition.
“Where is she?”
The doctor shrugged, pressing gauze against his shoulder to stop the bleeding.  Henrik cocked his gun.
“Yes, yes.  She’s in the third bed on the right.  I’ve been treating her for a rare form of dysentery.”
Henrik looked down the row of beds, noticing them now for the first time.  There were about a dozen patients in the little hospital, all of them female.  Some of them were watching him now with great interest, but most were oblivious, perhaps too sick to lift their heads.  Esther was one of the sicker ones.  Henrik felt his heart sink.
“Esther,” he said, his voice little more than a whisper.  He ran to her bed and knelt down beside it.  Touching her forehead, he said her name again, but she did not respond.  Her skin was cold and clammy.  Her eyes were closed and sunken in her sockets.  Deep shadows were around them.
“What’s wrong with her?” Henrik snapped back at the doctor.
“As I told you, she has a rare form of dysentery.  I’ve been treating her with a vaccine but I fear she is too far gone.”
Henrik pointed the Luger at the doctor’s head.  “Do something.”
“What can I do?”
Henrik stood up, looking at the glass cabinet filled with opaque medicine bottles and syringes all marked and labeled.  Henrik had a general knowledge of biology, but he was no doctor.  He could not begin to fathom what kind of medicine was being practiced in this little field hospital or which serum was which.
“Give her something,” he said vaguely, gabbing a random bottle off the shelf.
“Put that back!” the doctor ordered, shuffling over to the cabinet with one hand still pressed to his shoulder.  “Yes, yes, I will help her, but don’t touch my supplies.  They are carefully ordered.  You are looking at years of research and thousands of precise and painstaking experiments.  One day my studies will contribute to a new and perfect world.”  For a man in danger of being shot, he seemed a little over-protective of his medical stores, more like a professor at a major scientific institute than a prison camp doctor.  He released his wounded shoulder to take a vial and syringe off the shelf.
“Here we are,” he said and then gritted his teeth.  The shock of being shot was beginning to wear off, and now the bullet in his shoulder was starting to ache.  “I need medical attention myself,” he said.
There was a noise outside, the sound of yelling, and then the door shook.  The metal cabinet was holding, but it wouldn’t hold for long.
“Come on.  Get on with it.”  Henrik poked the warm barrel of the Luger in the doctor’s bony side.
The doctor looked impatient but not particularly fearful.  He was a little man, about five-three and not much over a hundred pounds.  Henrik could have snapped his neck like a twig.  He tested the syringe in the air and then bent over his patient, searching her limp white arm for a suitable blood vessel.  He tapped one to life and was about to puncture it when Esther’s eyes opened.
“She’s awake,” Henrik said. “Esther, can you hear me?  It’s Henrik.”  
“Henrik.”  She closed her eyes.  “I knew you’d come.”  When she opened them again they were filled with tears.  
The door shuddered from the force of someone’s shoulder, but it still would not open.  The doctor hesitated.  
“Come on.  Give her the shot,” Henrik yelled.
“No!” Esther said.  Her voice was hoarse but there was no mistaking her meaning.  She pulled her arm away.  “Give him the shot.”
Henrik was bewildered.  “It will be all right,” he said softly, bending down to touch her hand.  “The doctor’s going to give you a shot that will make you well again, and then we can get out of here together.”
“No!” she said again with much more force, her anger rousing her, giving her the strength she needed for one last battle.  “He’s no doctor.  He’s a madman.  He’s been poisoning us, even the children.  He gave Sarah that horrible rash.  He killed her.”  She sat up in the bed and the doctor fell back with the needle in his hand.  “Give it to him, Henrik.  Give him his own medicine.  Don’t let him leave here alive!”  Esther fell back onto the pillow-less bunk, the last of her energy spent.
The door rattled.  Henrik stood up, his eyes following the retreating doctor.
“It is just medicine, I assure you.”
“Then you wouldn’t mind injecting yourself,” Henrik said coolly, but there was menace in his voice.  He saw the sick and dying prisoners at Peenemunde and Auschwitz in his mind’s eye.  He saw Esther’s father, just a skeleton of a man.  He saw Sarah, her bleeding corpse beneath the ironic iron sign.  Work will set you free.
“But I’m not sick.  I don’t know what will happen.”
“Let’s find out.”  Henrik pounced like a lion, grabbing the doctor’s thin wrists and bending him over backwards.  The doctor screamed in panic.
“There’s nothing to fear, doc.  It’s only medicine.”  Henrik closed his large hand over the doctor’s and forced the needle into his neck.  The doctor stiffened like a board and his eyes widened in terror.  He began to shake, and drool ran down the side of his mouth.
There was another loud bang and the door splintered.  Henrik scanned the small hospital looking for another exit.  The place had descended into pandemonium.  Women were screaming, children crying.  At the far end of the room was another door.  Henrik picked up Esther and carried her past the row of beds.  He tried the door, but it was locked.  Without putting Esther down, he kicked it in.  It led to small room, perhaps an office.  
“Stop,” Esther said, and pointed at the doctor who was sitting on the floor laughing hysterically.
“It won’t hurt me.  I’m not a Jew,” he said incomprehensibly, looking at the needle in his hand.
Esther looked at Henrik.  “You can’t let him live,” she said softly.  “He has done such evil, you don’t know.”
“I won’t,” Henrik responded, putting Esther down next to the door.
There was another loud crash at the door and this time a board splintered off leaving a gaping hole.  Henrik pulled out the Luger and fired two rounds through the hole.  There was loud yell on the other side of the door and more angry voices, but the pounding stopped momentarily.  Henrik walked calmly up to the fallen doctor who now had his hands raised over his head in obvious fear.
“Don’t shoot me!” he pleaded.
“I’m not going to shoot you,” Henrik said.  “Shooting is too good for you.”  Henrik reached into his pocket and pulled out the green cyanide pill.  “I was saving this for myself, just in case.  But it looks like I’ve found a better use for it.”  
“No!”  And with that word, the doctor sealed his own death.  Henrik shoved the pill between the doctor’s teeth and clamped his big hand over the doctor’s nose and mouth to keep him from spitting it out or breathing.  The doctor, surprise and choking, swallowed reflexively and then his body began to twitch.  Henrik let go and watched the evil man begin to die.
Henrik heard the whistle of escaping gas and looked up just in time to see the three-inch barrel of a flamethrower appear in the hole in the door.  They were going to burn them out—the women, the children, all of them.  Henrik fired at the door, but it was too late.  A ball of flame burst out of the barrel like the breath of a dragon and consumed the doctor who was still writhing from the cyanide.  Henrik dived out of the path of the fire, rolled to his feet and scooped up Esther in one swift motion.  Another ball of flame set the beds on fire with the screaming girls still in them.  
The rest of what happened was too horrible to contemplate and Henrik had to shut it out of his mind if he wanted to save Esther.  He ran into the doctor’s study, desperate to find a way out.  There was no other exit, but there was a window.  He shifted Esther to his shoulder and threw a chair through the window.  The glass shattered like a fountain.  With the flames licking at his leather boots, he jumped through the window and landed hard on the tall grass behind the hospital.
He coughed, the smoke thick in his lungs.  He turned Esther over.  She was out cold, but still breathing, a small cut in her forehead from the fall.  Two guards came running around the corner of the hospital, their guns drawn.  Henrik fired at them, catching the first right between the eyes before he had a chance to fire back.  The second guard’s bullet hit the grass a few inches from Henrik’s head, but Henrik caught him with two rounds in the chest and the guard dropped without a scream.  
The doctor’s Luger was out of ammo.  He dropped it in the grass and pulled out the Colt 32.  He hoped the remaining guards were unarmed.  A ball of flame singed his ears and ignited the brown grass behind him.  Henrik swore.  The guard with the flamethrower must have doubled back around the other side of the hospital and now he had Henrik dead to rights.  Fortunately for Henrik, he didn’t catch him with his first blast.  German flamethrowers were notoriously difficult to aim.  Now Henrik was obscured behind a wall of flame and smoke.
Henrik didn’t return fire for fear he would give away his location.  Scooping up Esther with his free hand, he ran full out for the corner of the hospital.  If he could make it there without being seen, he might still have a chance.  It didn’t work out quite that way.  At the last second, the guard spotted him and let loose another horrific blast.  Henrik screamed in pain.  He was on fire, but he didn’t stop running until he reached cover behind the hospital wall.  Then he collapsed to his knees, dropping Esther heavily on the gravel road.  The back of his SS uniform was ablaze.  He ripped off the jacket and rolled in the dirt.  After a few seconds, the flames were out but his bare back burned painfully.
There were two more guards still at the font of the hospital.  They were unarmed and scattered when Henrik fired a warning round in their general direction.  He wasn’t out of trouble yet.  In fact, he hardly had time to load Esther in the back seat of the Mercedes coupe before the flamethrower guard came bounding heavily around the corner of the hospital.  He fired a long stream of red, but this time Henrik wasn’t going to take it lying down.  
He steadied his arm on the fender and fired two rounds directly into the red plume.  The second one caught something, perhaps the gas valve, and the flame circled back on the guard.  In seconds he was fully engulfed in fire and screaming horribly.  Henrik considered putting a bullet in his head just to shut him up, but he couldn’t spare the ammo.  By his count, the small Colt only had two rounds left and who knew how many more guards he would have to kill just to get out of here.
As it turned out, he didn’t need those last two bullets.  The guards in the tower were more than a little surprised to see the black Mercedes coupe blast through the front gate at full speed and barely had time to fire their MP40s before he was out of range.  A dented grill and a broken taillight were the full extent of the damages and Henrik and Esther were on their way—but to where?  Whatever cover he’d had was completely blown.  The SS would be after him, and they wouldn’t stop.  They’d never stop.  
Henrik waited until night before attempting to cross the Dutch border.  His clothes were in tatters, but only on the back, and the skin on his back was badly burned.  He gritted his teeth in pain, handing the singed death warrant out the window.  The guard took it and turned on his electric torch.  Henrik pressed the Colt up against door.  There were three guards at the checkpoint—three guards but only two bullets in Henrik’s gun.  His only chance was that no one had predicted his next move.  If they had, if they knew who he was and where he was going, it was all over.
The guard handed the warrant back to Henrik.  “Aren’t you going the wrong way?” he asked.  
“The Fuhrer has ordered the execution to take place in Amsterdam,” Henrik grunted.  “A warning to the others.”  The pain made him sound especially menacing.  It had just the right effect.  The guard passed his torch over Esther’s inert body.  She had not awoken since escaping from Dora-Mittelbau, but Henrik resisted the urge to clean the cut on her forehead.  She would look more convincing that way.
“Is she still alive?”
“I hope so.  I wouldn’t want to rob the hangman.”
The guard lifted the gate and Henrik drove on through.  In another hour, he was at his father’s country home just outside Amsterdam.  It was past 10:00 and the servants had all gone home.  Kessler Sr. opened his own door and stared at Henrik with his mouth agape.  It was the second time in a month that his wayward son had returned from the dead.  He looked at the woman in Henrik’s hands and a sobering look of recognition came over him.
“Bring her into the living room,” he said, holding open the door.  Henrik took two steps and heard his father gasp.  “What in heavens?  What did they do to you?”
“Flamethrower,” Henrik said simply.  “But there’s no time for that.  Esther’s sick.  You have to help her.”  Henrik put Esther on the sofa carefully.  She groaned but did not wake up.
“She can’t stay here.  They’ll be coming.  My son, what have you done?”
Henrik turned on his father angrily.  “What have we done, we Germans?  Look at her, father.  It’s Esther.  You knew her.  She came to our home.  She ate with us.  Did she deserve this?”
Kessler took a step back, shaking his head.  “I didn’t . . .”
“Her father was a descent man.  You knew him.  And now he’s dead.”  Henrik stepped towards his father, a dangerous rage welling up inside him.  “Remember the old Rabbi, Zelman Jacobs?  Gassed to death at Auschwitz and burned like kindling in an oven.”  He took another step closer to his father.  “Esther’s sister, Sarah, only fourteen years old?  Shot in the head at point blank range.”
Kessler Sr. tried to take another step back from his son’s assault, but his back was up against the wall.  He had no place to go.
“I didn’t do that!” he reasoned.
“But we didn’t stop it, either.  And now we will pay for it.  We will all pay.”  For a tense moment, Henrik teetered on the edge of violence, the pain in his back egging him on like a demon on his shoulder.  But then he heard Esther’s sad voice behind him.
“Stop, Henrik,” she pleaded.  She groaned painfully and then fell silent once again.  Henrik left his father with his back against the wall and fell to Esther’s side.  He caressed her forehead.  It was on fire.
“What’s wrong with her?” Kessler asked from behind his son.
“I don’t know.  I think she’s been poisoned.”  Henrik loosened the top few buttons of her tattered blue dress to reveal a white rash across her neck and chest.
“Poison doesn’t do that,” Kessler said.  “I’ve seen this before.”  
“The doctor called it Semitic Dysentery.  He said only Jews got it.”
“What?  Nonsense.  It’s an infection very common with infantry soldiers, especially in the trenches.”
“How do you cure it?  What do we do?”
Kessler looked worried.  “It’s too late.  The fever has already started.”
“Don’t tell me that.  I’ve crossed Germany and Poland to save her.  I’ve killed men, watched innocent women and children die.  She can’t die now.  She can’t.  What kind of God would do that?”  Henrik’s eyes filled with tears.  Kessler looked at his son and his face seemed to grow old with pain.
“We will try son,” he said, putting his hand on Henrik’s arm forearm just as Canaris had done eight hours ago.  “We have to get her temperature down.  We will bathe her in ice.  Bring her to the bathtub.  I will get the ice from the cellar.” 
Henrik picked Esther up and brought her upstairs to the bathroom.  Her skin was hot against his arms.  He could feel the last of his strength going from him as he placed her in the tub.  He ran the cold water over her body, but still she burned.  Kessler arrived with two blocks of ice and an ice pick.  Henrik wanted to help, but he was too exhausted.  He watched helplessly as his father chipped methodically away at the big blocks of ice and slowly filled the tub.  
“What now?” Henrik asked.
“Now we wait.”
Henrik sat down on the wet ceramic floor, and in moments, he was asleep.  When he awoke, Esther’s eyes were open.
“I knew you’d come for me,” she said softly.
“Esther!”  Henrik sat up, reaching out to hold her in his arms.  “Esther!  Esther, you’re alive.  Thank God.”  Her skin was cold to his touch and she was shaking.
“Get her out of the water,” Kessler commanded.
Henrik carried her into his father’s bedroom and placed her on the bed.  His father handed him a towel and averted his eyes.  Henrik removed her blue dress and rubbed her dry.  Only as an afterthought, he threw the blankets over her naked body.
“What will you do now?” Kessler asked over Henrik’s shoulder.  Henrik turned to look at his father.
“Just give us a few minutes.  We’ll be gone before anybody thinks to check here.”
“No.  That’s not what I meant.”  The old colonel looked strangely hurt.  “Henrik, I was wrong about . . .”  He left the words unspoken.  Whatever he had to say was very difficult for him.  “You can stay in my house as long as you need to.  I just want you to know that I’m sorry, Henrik.”
Henrik was dumbfounded.  He had never heard his father apologize before, not in his whole life, not to his mother, not to anyone.  It was like a bucket of cold water on Henrik’s anger.
“I’m sorry too, dad.  I’m sorry I got you into this.  They will come here, maybe not right away, but sooner or later they will come.”
Kessler rubbed the gray stubble on his chin thoughtfully.  “Where did you get the car?  Never mind.  I don’t want to know.  You can take mine.  They’ll probably be looking for yours.  The bent grill and broken taillight will send up a few flags at any rate.  Do you have a way out?”
“Yes,” he lied.
Henrik remembered his radio message to Ober, the double-dealing U-boat commander.  Return after the millennium.  If he had figured out the Biblical code from the book of Peter, he would have returned the next day.  But Henrik was a month late for that rendezvous.  He would go to Amsterdam anyways.  What else was there to do?  He still had the gold stashed in the old shack at the docks.  Maybe he could buy passage on a merchant vessel making port.  His father nodded and averted his eyes as Henrik helped Esther into one of his mother’s dresses.  His father had kept them all in her old closet, heaven knew why. 
“My uniform is ruined,” Henrik said suddenly.
“I suppose you can borrow mine, but I’d like it back in good condition.”  Kessler smirked.
Henrik dressed quickly and put Esther in the back seat of his father’s old Mercedes.  She was still weak, but a sense of almost child-like calm had come over her.  It warmed Henrik’s soul.  He would do anything for her.
“I’ve packed you a lunch.  It’s in the trunk.” Kessler said, opening the driver’s door for his son.  “There’s ointment there too for Esther’s rash.  Don’t let her eat too much or too fast.  It will be a long recovery, but she should make it.  I’ll pray for her.  It’s all I can do now.”
Henrik stopped in front of his father and reached out his hand.  “Thank you,” he said.  Kessler looked at the hand for a moment and then pushed it aside.
“I think I can spare a hug for my only son.”  He wrapped his arms around Henrik and squeezed.  It was an awkward moment for both men, another first, at least in Henrik’s memory.  Henrik wondered if it would also be the last hug he would ever receive from the old man.   
Amsterdam was an hour drive from the Kessler cottage.  Henrik was stopped only once along the way.  The colonel’s old Mercedes and Luftwaffe uniform, as well as the signed death warrant, did much to dissuade any serious investigation in occupied Holland.  That wouldn’t be the case once the general alarm had sounded.  But until they figured out where he was headed, he was relatively safe.
Henrik parked two blocks from the docks.  He wanted to park closer, but he couldn’t risk it.  A well-kept, older model Mercedes would have attracted too much attention in such a run-down neighborhood.  But then again, so would a man carrying a woman over his shoulder.  
“Esther,” he said softly as soon as he’d turned off the engine.  She opened her eyes and smiled. 
“Are we there already?  I was just starting to get used to this fancy car.”
“Yes.  Do you think you can walk?”
“I’ll try.”
Henrik ran around to the passenger door and helped Esther out.  Her legs were thin and bony with hardly any strength in them.  She took a step and nearly fell.  Henrik rushed to help her.
“No, I can do it.”
Henrik put his arm around her waist, taking some of her wait.  This seemed to help.  Together they walked slowly down the street looking not unlike two lovers on a mid-morning stroll.  Only a careful observer would notice the strain on Esther’s face and the concerned look in Henrik’s eyes.  Fortunately there were no careful observers at the docks at this time of the day, at least none that they could see.
It took them twenty minutes at this careful, ponderous pace to reach the small shack by the IJ waterfront where Henrik had hidden his radio and gold.  He was relieved to find everything still intact but he held out little hope that the radio would do him much good now.  Surely Ober was long gone.  He was about to take his gold and go without even trying the radio when he remembered Canaris’ final, cryptic words of encouragement.  
“Keep the faith.  I’ve postponed judgment, at least for a few days.” 
According to St. John’s Revelation, the final judgment will take place after the millennium.  Was Canaris telling him that Ober was still waiting for him?  At the time, Henrik had assumed the admiral was waxing poetic, not speaking in code.  But Canaris was still Canaris.  He might not have completely trusted his driver or Henrik for that matter.  But if there was anyone that could pressure Ober into keeping his U-boat in port for a whole month, it was the admiral.  
“You can sit for a moment, and eat something,” Henrik told Esther softly, and then remembered his father’s warning, “but not too much and not too fast.  I’m going to try something before we go.”
Esther nodded, but she didn’t say anything.  The short walk from the car had worn her out.  She sat down on the dusty crate and pulled out one of Kessler’s cold chicken sandwiches.  Henrik remembered the taste of them—always too much horseradish.  It would be hard to eat them too quickly.  Henrik cranked up the generator on the radio and adjusted the tuner to the right channel.  
“Little Fox to Sea Serpent.”  He waited a few seconds and repeated the message.  He tried again, and again, and every time his hope faded a bit more.  He’d been a fool to hope.
“Sea Serpent to Little Fox,” Ober’s voice came in clearly over the receiver.  “You better have my amber paper weights.”
Henrik laughed with joy.  So the serpent did have a spine after all.  “Come and get them.”
It took Ober and his men ten minutes to navigate their way through the narrow, hundred-yard tunnel to the old shack.  By then, Esther was rested enough to travel again.  Despite her hunger, she’d only eaten half the chicken sandwich.   
“I’m sorry.  I can’t . . .”
“Just leave it,” Henrik said.
Esther looked horrified.  “I can’t leave it.  What if we run out?”
She was worried about wasting half a chicken sandwich with too much horseradish on it.  Henrik felt a pang of sadness and regret.  He couldn’t imagine what she must have been through.
“Don’t worry.  The boat has a galley packed with food.  Isn’t that right, commander?”
“Canned food,” Ober complained, unable to take his eyes off his prize.  The gold was part of the original Abwehr operation that had inserted Henrik into the American military three years ago.  Henrik wondered why Canaris had never asked about it, but now he knew.  He was waiting to put it to good use.  Henrik also knew why he had nothing to fear from the greedy, double-dealing U-boat commander.  Ober might cross Henrik, but he would never cross the admiral.
“Ober, tell your men to get your boat ready.  We’ll need to leave immediately.”
“What?  Yes, of course.”  He barked a few orders to his crew.  They began carrying off the gold bars one at a time.  
“And commander,” Henrik interrupted, grabbing Ober’s wiry shoulder, “this pays for the whole trip, not just Sweden.”
Ober looked up at Henrik as if he was just seeing him now for the first time.  “All the way to America?  That is impossible.  They will sink us.  It’s too dangerous.”
“Put the gold back.  I’ll tell Admiral Canaris that you were unable to comply with our arrangement.”
The crew stopped what they were doing at the mention of the admiral’s name.  Ober’s face shriveled like a dry prune.  Ober was a short man, barely over five feet, with thin wiry arms and grease oozing from his every poor.  He wore a filthy undershirt and mechanics trousers that reeked of engine oil.  The only part of his uniform that he deigned to wear while at sea was his oversized hat.  But he even took that off now to wipe the sweat from is forehead.
“Look, I can take you as far as Iceland.  I know a port there that’s friendly.  There you can arrange passage on a merchant vessel or a fishing boat.”
“You will arrange the boat for us.”
“Yes.  I will arrange everything.”
“Of course, you will, because if you don’t, the admiral will hear of it.”
Ober put his hat back on.  “I liked you better when you were a spy,” he said sourly.  “We leave in five minutes.”  He turned around and scolded his motley crew for stalling.
Henrik took Esther by the arm.  “Come on, Esther.  It’s time to go.”
“Go where?” she asked, the sandwich still clenched in her fingers.  Henrik pried it loose and placed it on the wooden crate beside her.
“We’re going to America?”
Her eyebrows knitted in confusion.  “But where’s papa?”
Henrik felt a sinking feeling in his stomach.  “He’s not here, Esther.  He didn’t make it.”
“No,” she said, tears coming to her eyes.  “No.  You saved him, didn’t you?”
Henrik shook his head slowly.  “Esther, we must go.”
“No, I won’t.  What about Sarah?  What about grandpa?  I won’t leave without them.”
Henrik heard a siren outside.  It might be nothing, just another random raid.  But it was coming closer.  
“We better get going,” Ober said nervously.  
“Come on Esther, please.”  Henrik tried to lift Esther to her feet, but she resisted him.
“No, I won’t go.  Where’s Sarah and grandpa and father?  Where are they?”
“They’re dead!” Henrik said in frustration.  “Do you want to die with them?  Is that it?  Is that what you want?”
Esther’s face fell into her hands, and she began to cry uncontrollably.
The sirens were getting louder.    
“We leave now,” Ober screeched in a panic, “with or without you, and I don’t give a whit about the admiral.  I won’t fall into the hands of the SS.  I’d rather sink to the bottom of the ocean.”
“Shut up!”  Henrik ventured a quick look out through a crack in the shriveled door.  Ober was right.  The alley was thick with SS, kicking down doors one at a time.  And they had dogs.  It was only a matter of time before they were discovered.
“What if he wins?” Esther asked, her voice suddenly calm.
“What?”  
“What if Hitler wins?”  She wiped the tears from her eyes, steeling herself for what she had to say.  “What if he kills all us Jews, and Poles, and Russians, and Englanders?  What then?  Will America be safe?  Will it be far enough away from him that he can’t reach us?  Don’t you see, Henrik?  It doesn’t matter how far we run if we let him do this.  We have to stop him.”
Henrik shook his head.  “There’s nothing we can do.”  But even as he said it, he knew it wasn’t true.  In a few short months, maybe a year, Hitler would have a weapon that could destroy civilization, and Henrik had helped give it to him.  No, America would not be safe.  No place on Earth would be safe.
Henrik heard yelling just outside the door.  There were dogs barking, sniffing under the door.  They knew they were there.  It was too late.  Even if they headed down the tunnel now, the SS would know where they’d gone.  They’d find the tunnel entrance and follow them.  They’d close down the harbor, sink their own U-boat if they had to.
Henrik turned to Ober.  “Take her,” he said, and pulled out his Colt 32.  He had two bullets left.  Why didn’t he reload at the cottage?  Surely the old colonel had spare ammo around.  But they’d been in such a hurry.
“Here, take this.”  Ober tossed Henrik a grenade.  “You can blow the tunnel entrance when you run out of ammo.
“That won’t be long.  You’ll have to hurry.”
Esther suddenly realized what was happening.  “No, Henrik.  You can’t.”
“I can’t?  A moment ago you wanted me to stay and fight Hitler.”
“Not you.  The Jews.  We need to fight him.  I need to fight him.”  She put out her hand.  “Give me the grenade.  I can blow up the entrance just as easily as you can.  You have a much better chance of escape.  You must escape.”  Her voice was weak but full of passion.  Henrik looked into her eyes and his heart melted.  He had never loved anyone more in his entire life.
“Esther,” he began, but his voice faltered.  There was no time to say what he wanted to say, no time to tell her how much he loved her.  He would have to say it all with a kiss.  He wrapped his big hands gently around her delicate neck.  She gasped as their lips met.  There were no more words.  A loud bang at the cellar door snapped them out off their blissful reverie.  Henrik looked up at Ober.  
“Take her!” he yelled.
“No,” she gasped again, but this time the U-boat commander didn’t wait for her consent.  Ober may have been short, but he was wiry strong.  He lifted her by her thin thighs and threw her over his shoulder.  “No,” Henrik heard her say again as the two bodies disappeared into the tunnel and then he shut the trap door.  
He was alone for only a few seconds before the cellar door burst into splinters and an SS Wolf Corps appeared at the door with an assault rifle in his hands and a German Shepard at his feet.  
“Heil Hitler!” Henrik saluted.  The trooper looked momentarily perplexed and then the grenade went off, knocking both Henrik and the trooper out cold.


Chapter 15: Schmitt
________________

Field Marshal Schmitt was ecstatic when he heard the news.  The spy that had humiliated him a month ago by steeling his uniform and escaping from his airbase had been captured.  And better yet, the SS Wolf Corps were bringing him to the nearest airbase for interrogation—his airbase.  For the past month, he had dreamed about nothing else but revenge, and now he would have it.
“Prepare my uniform,” he said to his adjutant.  “I will meet them at the gate.”  The young man ran off to obey his commander.  He was the same sentry that had let Henrik walk off the base in the marshal’s parade jacket a month ago.  To say he was lucky to still have his post after such a mistake would be an understatement.  He was lucky to be alive.  But he was mostly lucky to be the nephew of Reichsfuhrer Himmler.  This, more than anything, made him pretty much untouchable.
The SS arrived in a convoy of five black Mercedes coupes, quite a parade for a solitary prisoner.  But Henrik was more than just a prisoner.  He was a celebrity.  His exploits over the past few days were becoming the stuff of legend.  There were sightings of him all across Eastern Europe, from the Russian border to Poland, through central Germany and finally ending up in Amsterdam.  What mayhem he was up to, nobody really knew.  But the SS were sure to find out.
“Colonel Hausenberg, I am honored that—”
“I’m sorry, marshal, but there is no time for pleasantries.  Take the prisoner to a holding cell immediately, preferably one with a generator to accommodate electric shock treatments.”
“Of course,” the marshal replied, his pride still stinging from the colonel’s abrupt rebuke.  “Electric shock treatments?” he asked, not quite sure what kind of generator was necessary for such a procedure.  Hausenberg ignored the question.  
“And my men will need to be fed.  We have been on the road for fourteen hours in pursuit of this madman.”  He looked up at the marshal who seemed frozen in indecision.  “I assure you, marshal, time is of the essence.”
“Yes, of course, Colonel.  Please, come this way.”  Although Schmitt hated the SS, his feelings paled in comparison to that of their captured prisoner.  Henrik walked past the marshal in an old World War I colonel’s uniform with his hands cuffed in front of him.
“Why, marshal.  What a pleasant surprise,” he said with a smile before an SS Wolf Corps drilled him in the back with the butt of his FG42.  The marshal was speechless.
Despite Hausenberg’s insistence that time was of the essence, he did not interrogate Henrik right away.  Instead, he let the traitor cool his heels in the infirmary under guard while he sat down with his men to a warm meal.  The marshal was fuming.  How dare this impudent little SS martinet presume to order him around?  He was the commander of this base and the field marshal of occupied Holland.  He had served the Fatherland in two major wars.  He was a proud Prussian of royal descent.
And then an idea occurred to him.
If the strutting SS were too busy to perform a timely and thorough interrogation of the insolent traitor who had stolen the marshal’s favorite parade jacket, then he would do it himself.  He would learn all of his secrets and reveal all of his contacts.  He would plumb the deepest depths of this conspiracy and root it out at the core.  And then he would return to his rightful place at the Chancellery in Berlin as a hero of the Third Reich.  So while Hausenberg and his men continued to feast themselves on the marshal’s best wine and sausage, Schmitt arrived at the infirmary with two of his biggest guards.  
“Well, my young spy, are you still happy to see me?” he said with a dramatic flare as he entered the room.  Henrik was sitting on the edge of the bed, his hands still cuffed in front of him.  He looked up at the marshal, the two giants behind him and the heavy generator that was supported between them on a wooden plank. 
“That depends,” he said coolly.  “Did you bring cookies?”
The marshal laughed humorlessly.  “Oh, we’ve brought you something much better than cookies, my dear, dear, friend.”  The guards dropped the heavy generator on the floor and the marshal swore at them.  Then he turned back to Henrik.  “You know, we repaired your damaged fighter plane and I must admit, it is a remarkable machine, perhaps even faster than our old Messerschmitt Bf 109.”
Henrik smiled, eager to talk about something other than torture.  “The Mustang is the fastest fighter plane in the world.”
“No, no, my friend.  The new Messerschmitt turbojet is a much superior aircraft.  It’s really too bad that we are in such a hurry this evening.  I would have given you a demonstration.  Guards!”
And with that word they were on him.  Henrik put up a valiant fight, but with his hands cuffed, there was little he could do to stop them.  Eventually the two gorilla guards yanked down his jacket and shirt and immobilized him on the infirmary bed, one pinning down his bare shoulders and the other his legs.  Then they realized that they really needed a third soldier to operate the generator and perform the actual torture.  
“I don’t know how to use it,” the gorillas each said in turn, looking at each other dumbly.   The marshal swore at them again, this time in both Dutch and German.  For a moment, Henrik thought he had narrowly escaped his ordeal through the guards’ mere incompetence.  But then the old, Prussian general cranked up the generator himself and tested the livewires together with cool efficiency.  They sparked loudly and the marshal smiled as he brought them near the exposed skin of Henrik’s heaving chest.  
In the moment before the wires made contact, Henrik looked up at the guard who was holding down his shoulders and laughed.  A second later, the startled guard was jumping for the ceiling, his hair standing straight up on his head and 50 000 volts coursing through his beefy body.  Apart from a slight burn, the livewires had done little damage to Henrik, the bulk of the electric shock being conducted cleanly through his body and into the guard that was holding his bare shoulders.  
A lucky break.
Henrik wasted no time.  Grabbing the livewires from the startled marshal, he gave the old man the shock of his life.  The general screamed horribly and collapsed to the ground.  Henrik wondered if he’d caused the old man to have a heart attack, but there was no time to find out.  Instead, he pulled the marshal’s Luger from its holster and aimed it at the stunned gorilla who was still holding his feet.
“You can let go now, and take these off,” he said coolly.  The guard looked at him, still unable to release his hands from Henrik’s feet or accept the sudden reversal of fortune.  “The keys!” Henrik yelled.  The guard let go suddenly and fell back onto his ample bottom.    
“We don’t have the keys,” the guard grunted.  “The SS have them.”
Henrik cursed his luck, but really, he shouldn’t have.  He was darn lucky to have gotten this far.  “Give me the keys to the door.”
The guard complied.
“Now get against that wall.”  He motioned with the Luger.  The marshal stirred from his temporary slumber, saw the gun in Henrik’s hand and swore under his breath.  “Get down on your knees,” Henrik ordered.  “Face the wall.  Put your hands behind your head.”
“He’s going to kill us,” the big guard whined.
“Shut up!” the marshal snapped.  “I swear I will kill you myself.  You are such a little girl.”  The marshal was just beginning to break into another litany of formidable cuss words when Henrik locked the door and ran off towards the airfield.
The marshal’s command wasn’t the largest on the Baltic by any means, but it was the largest airbase in Holland.  With only two hundred aircraft on hand, mostly scouts and fighter planes, it served mostly as reconnaissance and support for the larger bomber squadrons that would occasionally fly over to engage the RAF and bomb London. Most of the fighters were lined up in formation out on the field.  He could probably snag one of those without attracting too much attention, but he didn’t want one of those.  
He wanted his Mustang back.
His reasons were not just personal.  If he snatched one of those old Focke-Wolfs or Messerschmitts, they might conceivably catch up with him in the air and shoot him down.  But not the X-50.  It was the fastest plane in Germany and therefore gave him the best chance of escape.  It was worth the risk to search for it.  He eventually found the Mustang in one of the smaller hangars.  It wasn’t fully fueled or completely ready for take off.  That would have been too much to ask for.  But the marshal’s men had done a fine job of fixing up the damage they’d done to her.  Henrik would have to write them a note of thanks if he ever got out of there alive.
After taking a few precious minutes to fill her gas tank and remove the wheel blocks, Henrik climbed up onto the beautifully polished wing and jumped into the cockpit.  It smelled of engine oil and axle grease.  Boy, had Henrik missed that smell.  To him, it was like fresh flowers in May.  Normally he would have taken a few more minutes at this point to attach his parachute straps to his Mae West life jacket, strap on his helmet and put on his oxygen mask, but as he had none of this equipment with him, he was pretty much ready to fly as is.  He sent up a quick prayer that she had fresh starter caps and flicked the switch.  With a satisfying bang, the engine turned over and the seven-foot long props began to spin.
He was about to jump out to open the big, forty-foot square hangar doors when a sentry called to him from below.  Henrik recognized him immediately.  It was the same young man that had let him escape in the marshal’s parade jacket a month ago.  Henrik reached for the Luger on his lap.
“What are you doing up there?” the sentry asked.
“The marshal has ordered another test flight.”
“Now?  Who are you?”  The man still had not seen Henrik’s face.  Henrik was reluctant to show him, but he knew he would have to eventually.  There was no way he could fly out of there with the doors closed.  Henrik held the Luger out of sight, stood up and leaned out of the cockpit.  
“It’s you!” the sentry exclaimed with surprise.
Henrik braced himself to fire.  If the sentry set off the alarm now, it would all be over.  But there was a chance that he would not, just as there was always the remote chance that a pair of twos would win the pot.
“I thought somebody important was here when the marshal called for his parade jacket and I saw all those expensive vehicles in the motor pool, but I didn’t know it was you,” the sentry said with dumbstruck awe.  “They say you’re a hero.  Is it true that you escaped from America, and that you wiped out a whole Spitfire squadron single-handedly?”
“Yes and no.  Perhaps we can discuss this later.”  
“Of course.  Heil Hitler!”  The sentry stepped back to watch the takeoff, perhaps feeling a little dejected but not likely to set off any alarms.  Henrik sighed with relief.  He didn’t want to shoot the young man.  But he still had a problem.  The handcuffs.  Surely the sentry would see them when Henrik jumped out of the cockpit to open the hangar doors.  And handcuffs are not something easily explained away.
“Ah, private?” Henrik called over the noise of the Mustang’s powerful Rolls Royce engine.  “The doors, if you please.”
The sentry immediately dropped his single-shot carbine rifle and ran to open the hangar doors, visibly overjoyed to help a bona fide hero of the Third Reich.
“Thanks, boy.  If I could, I’d give you a medal.”  Henrik called out as the Mustang taxied forward.  Unfortunately, the young sentry was not likely to get a medal when the marshal discovered that he had unwittingly aided Henrik’s escape not once, but twice in the past month.  Oh well.  That was war, Henrik thought.
Once out on the airfield, Henrik revved up the engine to full power and let her loose.  It was quite a trick to adjust flaps, throttle and steer all while wearing handcuffs, but he somehow managed.  He just hoped he wasn’t called upon to perform any fancy acrobatics or he’d be in real trouble.  But straight on flying should be doable.  There was still a chance that some gunner with an itchy trigger finger would shoot him down before he took off.  But if the alarm never sounded, they would probably just watch him go.  They might even wave goodbye.
No such luck.
Just as Henrik lifted off the end of the runway, he heard the wail of the sirens.  A moment later there was the familiar ack ack of machine gun fire from the tower.  Several armor piercing rounds punctured the right wing and the fuselage just in front of the cockpit.  He was leaking fuel, but there was no fire.  Still only yards up, he banked hard to the left to avoid the next burst of machine gun fire.  He stayed low, less than ten feet of the ground, and a few seconds later he was through a gap in the trees.
The chase was on.  They would scramble a squad of fighters to hunt him down but at least he was safe from the base guns.  He was confident he could stay ahead of the Messerschmitts and Focke-Wolfs he’d seen on the field, but how far could he get?  Not across the channel and not all the way back to Berlin that was for certain.  His fuel gauge was dropping rapidly, and now the landing light was flashing.  A stray bullet must have ruptured the hydraulics, locking the wheels in upright position.  He’d have to ditch somewhere soon, but he couldn’t land and he could bail.  He didn’t even have a parachute or a life jacket.
Just as he was considering the bleakness of his current situation, bullets raked his tail like a deluge of hail, reminding him that he was still at war.  He saw the glimpse of a shadow, like a bat, and then heard the deafening roar of an engine Doppler past him.  What was that?  Henrik didn’t know.  He scanned all 360 degrees around him, but there was no sign of another plane.  Whatever it was, Henrik had been lucky.  He’d only suffered minor damage to his tail fin and the rear section of his fuselage.  But he wasn’t about to let the vanishing phantom have another crack at his rear.  
Henrik pulled back on the stick with both hands, balanced it between his knees and throttled up the accelerator.  He was climbing fast, the Mustang’s powerful engine slicing into the wind.  He put both hands back on the joystick and banked slightly to the right, keeping the sun to his port side.  It was a clear, sunny day with low clouds pocking the otherwise blue blanket of the morning sky.  The phantom, whoever or whatever it was, could be hiding in the nearby clouds or perhaps behind the patches of forest that sprouted between the rolling Dutch dairy farms.  Henrik kept an eye out, but the mysterious plane was nowhere to be seen.  He hoped to lose him in the high altitudes.  No fighter plane could match the climb of the X-50 Mustang. 
Henrik saw a shadow cross his windscreen.  Although he could not believe it, he was ready for it.  He reacted instinctively, cranking the stick hard over in a sharp roll to the left.  Another hailstorm of incendiaries and tracers scraped through the air, missing Henrik by mere inches.  He looked off to his right just in time to see his opponent dive like a falcon in front of him and then level out.  He cranked the stick over to follow but it was no use.  Even as Henrik reached top speed in excess of 430 miles per hour, the other plane continued to pull away, and in another few seconds it disappeared behind the low-lying clouds.
But Henrik had a good look at it and now he knew what he was up against—the Messerschmitt 262 Turbojet.  Henrik recognized the swallow-shaped design and overly large, prop-less jet engines.  If Goering wasn’t just bragging, the new Messerschmitt could exceed 500 miles per hour and out climb any propeller-driven fighter plane in production, including the American X-50.  If he was smart, the Messerschmitt pilot would hang out in the clouds, circle around behind Henrik again, and sweep in for another attack when least expected.  In fact, he could do it all day, and there wasn’t a darn thing Henrik could do to stop him.  He couldn’t even touch him.  By the time he heard the approaching jet engines, he would already be in his crosshairs.  Henrik’s X-50 was completely outclassed.    
Henrik had been lucky already.  The pilot had overshot him the first time, possibly underestimating his own attack speed.  He wouldn’t make that mistake again.  And the second time Henrik had been lucky enough to roll off in the right direction.  He had a fifty-fifty chance of doing that again, except that he’d already used up his fifty and then some.  The Messerschmitt had all the time in the world to make his move.  Henrik did not.  Even if by some miracle he didn’t get shot down in the next few minutes, sooner or later he was going to have to ditch.  And then he really would be a sitting duck.  The Turbojet would swoop down from above and mow him down like tall grass.
Henrik passed over a thatched roof barn and then a red windmill, keeping the sun at his six and scanning the green fields for the slightest shadow.  A careful pilot would not attack until his shadow was perfectly matching his prey, but Henrik couldn’t count on that.  With a Turbojet, you didn’t need to be careful, just ruthless.  Henrik watched the fuel leaking from the bullet hole in the reserve tank.  Time was running out.
Pulling back on the stick, he banked around in a slow arc until the windmill and barn were in his crosshairs.  The windmill was still operating, the forty-foot canvas sails doing their slow circuit in the afternoon breeze, but the barn looked completely abandoned, a gaping hole in its thatched roof.  Henrik hoped that it was, but he had no time to be sentimental over a few farm animals.  Pushing forward on the stick, he rapidly dove towards the old barn.  It reminded him of the old barnstorming shows he’d witnessed as a small child.  Except Henrik had no intention of crashing into this barn.  
At the last second with only feet to spare, Henrik pulled up on the stick and reached for the fuel tank jettison switch.  This required another trick with his knees to hold the stick in place as the jettison switch was on the far side of his instrument panel.  If the stick slipped out from between his knees, he would crash head first into the barn at 400 mph.  But Henrik managed to hold it long enough to reach the switch.  The leaking drop tank detached from the underside of the wing and impacted the barn roof.  There was a deafening explosion and in seconds the barn was engulfed in flame.  Thick, black smoke rose up in a hundred-foot plume. 
Henrik throttled up and began climbing at full power.  He felt a weight like a ton of bricks land on his chest.  He forced the air out of his lungs with a yell, willing himself to breathe.  The Messerschmitt pilot would undoubtedly have oxygen to keep himself from passing out when he performed his high-G maneuvers, but Henrik had no such luxury.  He’d left all of that equipment behind at the air base, along with his Mae West and parachute.  He’d just have to ride this baby out the old fashioned way.  He gritted his teeth and cursed defiantly, coaxing his bird the last few hundred feet into the puffy, marshmallow cumulus.
He’d made it, at least this far.  Now it was his turn to circle back around on the Messerschmitt’s six.  While in the clouds, Henrik had to fly completely by instruments—airspeed, altimeter and eight ball.  The three “A”s the Yank pilots liked to call it in Hawaii.  He’d had plenty of practice at instrument flying over the Pacific where there were clouds rolling in all the time and nothing but hundreds of miles of open sea between the islands and the mainland.  Compared to dog fighting, it was academic, but some careless pilots still managed to put themselves into the drink even before they saw their first Jap.  
In a few minutes, he was back to his previous position plus a few thousand feet.  He poked his head out of the clouds and there she was—the Messerschmitt 262 Me, circling like a hawk a few hundred feet over the burning barn.  Presumably he’d heard the explosion, just as Henrik hoped he would, and had gone down to take a look.  With all the smoke and debris it was hard to tell if Henrik’s Mustang was burning in the barn or not.  He obviously hadn’t seen Henrik climb into the clouds or he wouldn’t be down there now prancing around like a caged turkey waiting to be plucked.
And now Henrik had a choice to make.  He could have escaped.  He could have slipped back into the clouds, climbed another five thousand feet and headed southeast into the heart of Germany until his fuel bottomed out or he found a nice soft place to ditch.  Why waste precious fuel and ammo going after a faster, more powerful, far superior aircraft?  It was a foolhardy and needless risk.  But if Henrik’s mind actually worked that way, he never would have become a spy or a fighter pilot in the first place.  He had the high ground, the sun at his back, and his prey in his crosshairs.  To Henrik, there was no risk, only a golden opportunity for a righteous kill.  To ignore such a gift was a sin against the Almighty, the worst kind of sin, the type of sin that would haunt you for the rest of your life.
Henrik wasn’t about to let that happen.
He pushed forward on the stick gently, being careful to stay in the cloud’s shadow.  He felt the slow creep of acceleration as he closed in on the Messerschmitt’s swallow-shaped tail.  She was a beautiful bird, perfectly streamlined, glinting silver wings with those monstrous engines hanging beneath them, like ripe pears on a tree.  Henrik could see now as she banked slowly around for another pass of the burning barn that she only had one flaw.  Yes, she could climb, dive, and accelerate better than any plane in the air.  But she turned like a beached whale.  Henrik had seen midrange bombers with sharper turning circles.  Perhaps he could use this to his advantage.  He would hold his fire until the last possible second.
500 yards.  400.  300.  Henrik flicked off the safety on his .80 caliber cannons.  They were targeted for 300 yards, but at this close range he had a choice of targets—the pilot or his engines.  Henrik opted for the man.  It was a shame to shoot up such a lovely airplane.  Just at the last second, the sun glinted out from behind the clouds causing a shadow of Henrik’s Mustang to flit across the Messerschmitt’s wing, spooking the pilot.  He banked hard to the left.  Henrik’s strafing fire, already in flight, missed its mark by inches, putting large, round holes in the Messerschmitt’s right wing and turbojet engine.  Smoke began pouring out of the engine.
Henrik eased the stick over to follow the retreating Messerschmitt.  He was still in a power dive going 450 miles per hour.  This perfectly matched the Messerschmitt’s reduced speed while banking allowing Henrik to stay within optimum firing range.  He let loose another timed burst, this time with his tracer incendiaries.  The exploding bullets missed the cockpit again but clipped the Messerschmitt’s other wing.  The German pilot banked back to the left to avoid the fire, causing him to lose more speed and altitude.  The Messerschmitt was coming dangerously close to the ground and now Henrik was only a few hundred yards away.  
Although his guns were not aligned for this distance, he decided to open up with a combined blast of all three of his weapons—cannons, incendiaries and armor piercing rounds.  The bullets lit up the Messerschmitt’s tail like a Roman candle.  The inexperienced jet pilot panicked.  Making another sharp turn back to the left, he dropped another fifty feet and collided head-on with one of the slowly spinning sails of the nearby windmill.  A prop plane like a Mustang or Spitfire might have survived such a collision.  They’d been known to fly through all sorts of debris—hail, shrapnel, flocks of geese—and still come out the other side.  But not a turbo jet.  The intake of the jet engines sucked up the canvas sail like a vacuum cleaner, bringing the plane down in a brilliant explosion that would have rivaled any American fireworks demonstration on the fourth of July.
As Henrik surveyed the devastation through his smoke-stained cockpit, he felt little sympathy for the dead pilot, although he knew perhaps he should have.  There was very little difference between them.  They were both German, both pilots, and until a month ago, both loyal soldiers of the Third Reich.  But at the moment, none of that mattered.  Henrik was simply the victor.  He was a lion in the jungle, a falcon in the sky, a shark in the ocean, and for a few seconds at least, he felt nothing but the primal joy of the kill. 
But the feeling didn’t last long.  He looked at his fuel gauge and rolled his eyes.  He had five minutes, ten at the most, and then his fuel tanks would be completely empty.  His two-stroke piston engine would sputter to a stop.  If he was high enough, he could still glide for a few miles.  With his wheels jammed, it would be better to land with an empty tank at any rate.  But then again, he would lose a lot of fuel just climbing.
A second later, the decision was made for him.  Henrik saw the tracer bullets tag his left wing before he even heard the .30 caliber machine guns firing.  He swiveled his head around and saw a full squadron of Bf 109s on his tail.  Henrik checked his firing counter.  He was nearly out of ammo.  Even fully stocked and fully fueled, he could never take on a squadron, despite the rumors about him.  It was suicide.  There was only one thing left to do.  He pulled back on the stick, reversing his dive into a gut-wrenching power climb.  The G-forces piled on like brick and mortar.  The 109s were good fighters, but they were older model, propeller-driven Messerschmitts.  They couldn’t hope to match the power of the Mustang’s new generation, Rolls Royce engine.  They fired a few more bursts at the retreating airplane but soon fell back, out of range and soon out of sight. 
Henrik leveled off in a cloud patch at ten thousand feet and took a big gulp of cold air.  He’d gone from predator to prey in a matter of seconds, and now he was running scared and flying blind.  But things were about to get a lot worse.  
It began as a few sputters and then the engine coughed.  There was a loud bang and then the propeller blades just stopped.  Without the sound of the Mustang’s roaring engine, it was all very peaceful up there in the clouds and Henrik might actually have enjoyed it if his altimeter didn’t keep reminding him that his life was about to end.  He watching the altitude count down with increasing rapidity.  At five thousand feet he broke out of the clouds.  The Bf 109s were out of sight.  At least that was good news.  
He scanned the green countryside below him for distinguishable landmarks.  He saw the Weser River far off to the east, the Rhine to the south and the gray haze of the Baltic Sea to the north.  In another second, the picture of a map superimposed itself in his mind’s eye.  He’d just crossed the Dutch border into Germany, three hundred miles due west of Berlin.  He had a couple options open to him, assuming he survived his crash landing.  He could head to the northeast, catch a train or steal a car in Bremen and make his way directly to Peenemunde.  Or he could head south to Dusseldorf, meander his way slowly through Germany until he was sure he’d eluded his pursuers, and then make his final move when it was least expected.
Henrik prayed for a crystal ball.
But as it turned out, neither choice made much difference.  While Henrik had been playing cat and mouse in the skies, Colonel Hausenberg’s SS Wolf Corps task force was fanning the countryside in hot pursuit.  They’d radioed every guard post and checkpoint in western Germany.  In the end, it was a junior lieutenant by the name of Hauser who spotted Henrik’s unmarked Mustang through field glasses just as it belly landed on a farmer’s green field.  He had no idea who and what awaited him, but when he pulled up in his shiny, new Kubelwagen, he couldn’t believe his luck.
For most of the war, Hauser had been cooling his heels.  Being the third son of a rich, Prussian nobleman, he wasn’t allowed to fight for fear he might get killed and cause grief to his dear mother.  So his father had spared no expense to procure him a nice, safe home front command in Wildeshausen, a rural village with just under a thousand inhabitants, most of them dairy farmers.  All his attempts to join the Western and Eastern fronts had met with firm resistance from his powerful father.  But now he was finally going to have a chance to show Germany what he was made of.  
“Why Hauser,” Henrik said when he saw the surprised look on the young lieutenant’s face, “fancy us meeting like this.  I was just out for a spin and ran into a little engine trouble.  Beautiful day, isn’t it?”
“Stand up slowly and drop your weapon out of the cockpit,” Hauser said with cool German efficiency.
Henrik complied cheerfully.  He didn’t know how good a shot Hauser was, but that was the great thing about using an MP40.  You didn’t need to be good to hit anything with it.  And besides, Henrik had no desire to waste his last two bullets on Hauser, especially when there were infinitely more evil people still out there for him to kill.
Filled with childlike pride, Hauser escorted his prize back to the local jail in Wildeshausen.  The SS Wolf Corps were still too far away to reach the little village before nightfall, but there was someone else nearby who was very eager to pay Henrik a visit—a former SS chauffeur and bodyguard by the name of Sergeant Klein.


Chapter 16: Wildeshausen
________________

“I bet you thought you’d never see me again.”  Klein smiled, exposing his black teeth.  “I’m going to enjoy this.”  He tightened his leather glove and leveled a solid blow at Henrik’s jaw.  Henrik felt the impact straight through to the back of his skull.  “I was three-time boxing champion of Austria.”  He let loose another powerful right cross and Henrik felt the world slipping away.  
“Don’t kill him, you idiot.  We need information.”
“Shut up.  I know what I’m doing.”  Klein turned his attention back to Henrik.  “No.  I won’t kill him.  He doesn’t deserve a quick death.  I want him to feel every minute of this.”  Klein circled around Henrik’s chair like a hungry lion.  “You did a bad thing, Herr Kessler.  Schliemann was my friend.  Do you know what they did to him at The Chancellery?”
Henrik didn’t answer.  His mouth was rapidly filling with blood.
  “They beat him terribly.  And even after he confessed to all his petty crimes, they would not stop.  And do you know why, Herr Kessler?  Because you told them that he was a spy.  They tortured him for eight hours, and when they finally realized that he knew nothing of value, they mercifully shot him in the head.  You must not expect the same kindness from me.”  
“So tell me, Gustaff,” Henrik said casually, “how are the kidneys?  Is your piss still pink?”  
Klein’s face went bright red and then he unloaded a terrific uppercut to Henrik’s chin.  Blood sprayed on the wall like a fountain.  And then Henrik began to laugh.
“You imbecile.  You’ve punched him senseless.”  With more than a little effort, the army lieutenant pushed Klein off his quarry and up against the wall.  For a second, it looked as if the beefy NCO was going to turn his rage against the lieutenant, but then his common sense returned just in time to save him from a court marshal.  He lowered his arms and Hauser turned back to Henrik.  
“Why do you have to be so stubborn?” he said, his tone softened somewhat.  “If you will not speak to me, then to whom will you speak?  Surely you must understand how this appears.  Surely you must understand the position you have put me in.”
The room was spinning.  Henrik sensed the desperation in the lieutenant’s voice, and it puzzled him.  He had caught a traitor red-handed.  Why wasn’t he rejoicing in his good fortune?  Henrik remembered the last time they were in the same room together.  He was one of the young officers who had descended on him at the Reich Chancellery after he had received the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross and the Wound Badge. In the lieutenant’s mind, Henrik was probably still a bona fide war hero.  Maybe there was a logical reason for his having escaped from a German airbase and shot down an experimental jet plane, never mind traipsing all over central Europe killing Germans.  Maybe his actions could be explained after all.  And if they could, surely the officer who tortured this war hero while in the course of doing his duty would not be rewarded.  Surely such a narrow-minded officer would be punished, and punished severely.  Yes, Henrik could now see the position he had put the young lieutenant in, and he reveled in it.
“The Reichsfuhrer,” Henrik slurred through swollen lips.  “I will speak to no one but him.”  
The Reichsfuhrer was currently in Russia.  That much Henrik knew from his brief conversation with Heydrich before the assassination attempt.  But was Henrik only delaying the inevitable?  In a few hours, the SS Wolf Corps would arrive, and they would not wait for Himmler to show up before beginning their own interrogation.
Hauser turned to Klein.  “Get out,” he said forcefully.  Klein hesitated, rage still boiling in his jowls.  Then his eyes dropped and he exited the cell without a word.  “As you may already know, the Reichsfuhrer is visiting the front.  It just so happens, however, that this is a fiction devised by the SD to mislead his enemies.  The Reichsfuhrer is indeed here, and you will meet him.”
Henrik could not hide his surprise.  He looked up at Hauser and knew immediately that he’d betrayed himself.  He would have to think quickly.  But there was no reasonable explanation for his actions.  Even the truth was too crazy to be believed.  He’d given up everything—his rank, his good name, his family honor, and now his life—and for what?  To save a girl, his childhood sweetheart, a Jew.  But he did not escape with her.  No, that would have been too reasonable.  Instead, he embarked alone on some grand, noble crusade, some final act of lunacy.  Or was there some other reason for returning to Germany?
Before Henrik could formulate an answer in his mind, the Reichsfuhrer walked in.  Himmler was a diminutive man, with sallow cheeks, a pompous, two-fingered mustache and a particular, almost spiritual, bent for cruelty, whether physical or emotional.  He was the type of man that, in any sane society, would be passed over by women and men alike as having no redeeming qualities worthy of their attention.  But this was not a sane society.  Germany had become drunk with the quest for glory, and men like Himmler, free from the restraints of any human decency, flourished like weeds in an untended garden.  
“Ah, Lieutenant Kessler,” he said dramatically.  “I wondered when we might see you again.  I understand you will talk to no one but me.  Well, I’m here.”
“Yes, Reichsfuhrer Himmler.”  Henrik stumbled on the title, his mouth still filled with blood.
Himmler shook his head in disgust.  “Clean him up.”
Hauser responded immediately, wiping Henrik’s face and allowing him to rinse out his mouth with warm water.  Meanwhile Himmler took off his leather raincoat and made himself comfortable on a metal chair.
“Enough, enough,” he said impatiently.  “Leave us.”
Lieutenant Hauser looked back and forth from the Reichsfuhrer to Henrik.  He was apparently not satisfied with the situation.  Henrik was his prisoner.  If he somehow escaped from his bonds and killed the Reichsfuhrer . . . but then, that was impossible.  Although he’d removed the handcuffs because they were drawing blood, the ropes around Henrik’s wrists and ankles were thick and securely tied.  He wasn’t going anywhere.  Hauser saluted Himmler sharply and left the room.
“Now then, lieutenant.  What do you have to say for yourself?”
Henrik licked his lips.  “Esther Jacobs.”  Himmler’s eyebrows knitted darkly beneath his spectacles.  Henrik continued his explanation.  “The daughter of Professor Eli Jacobs, a Jewish engineer and physicist.  They were relocated to Westerbork before I could contact them.  I’ve been searching for them ever since.”
Himmler smiled with grim amusement.  “Why would you want to contact them?”
“Eli Jacobs was one of nine Jewish scientists, German Jews, who theorized a method for producing sustained atomic fission.  Eight of those scientists are now working with Oppenheimer in America on the Manhattan Project.  Eli was the last one left in continental Europe.  Without his research, our German scientists didn’t have a prayer of making an atomic bomb before the Americans.  When he died in Auschwitz, his daughter, Esther Jacobs was our last, best hope.  She worked with him at the University of Amsterdam.”  
Henrik felt his pulse race.  Had he said too much?  What if Heydrich were not dead?  He might have told the Reichsfuhrer what really happened.  He might have told Himmler everything.  Himmler leaned forward with sudden interest.  
“And did you find what you were looking for?”
“Yes, Reichsfuhrer.  Plutonium.  The Jacobs girl was able to describe her father’s secret process for the synthetic manufacture of this essential element.  With this final piece of information, I am confident that our scientists will be able to produce a working fusion prototype in a month, maybe two.  I am eager to return to my work with Professor Heisenberg at the Wilhelm Kaiser Institute as soon as possible.”
“All in good time, lieutenant,” Himmler put his finger over his thin mustache as if it were a large bug that needed to be squashed.  “But why didn’t you just bring her to SS headquarters in Berlin?  Why Amsterdam?”
Henrik racked his brain, trying to shuffle all the pieces of his elaborate yarn into place.  Why Amsterdam?  Why else but the truth?
“I was helping her escape,” he said. 
Himmler raised an eyebrow.  “Indeed?”
“I was to put her on a ship waiting off shore.”
“There was no ship,” Himmler said emphatically.
“Of course not.  I needed to gain her confidence, to make her believe that I was on her side, that I was there to save her.  Only then did she confide in me her secrets.” 
“Where is she now?”
“She entered the tunnel.”  Henrik’s eyes darkened.  “I threw in the grenade after her.  Her secrets died with her.”
Himmler smiled, causing his two-fingered mustache to bunch up beneath his nose like an inchworm under a dead leaf.  “You have done well, Herr Kessler.  But it appears that you are not as well informed as you might think.  You’ll be pleased to know that the Reichsprotektor of Bohemia still lives.  Herr Heydrich sustained slight injuries, but he is expected to make a full recovery.  He should be back with us very soon.”
Henrik felt his stomach twist into a knot.  
“Thank heavens,” he said dully.
“Yes, I am pleased as well.  We spoke briefly on the telephone immediately after his arrival at the hospital.  What bothers me, lieutenant, is that he said nothing about the Jacobs girl to me.  And I assure you that we are quite close.”
Henrik gulped.  His mouth had become painfully dry.  “No, Reichsfuhrer, I had not yet—”
“In fact, Sergeant Klein was under the impression that you were a traitor,” Himmler interrupted.  “He says Heydrich was taking you to Prague Castle to be tortured when he was attacked by assassins.  Friends of yours, I presume.”
“I don’t see how.  They nearly killed me with their homemade bomb.”
“This much is true, but you still have not answered a very basic question.  Why?  Why didn’t you just tell the SS about the Jacobs when you first arrived in Germany?  Why didn’t you tell Obergruppenfuhrer Heydrich when you met him?  He could have initiated a search immediately.  Why all these games, Herr Kessler?”  
Himmler shook his head skeptically.  Henrik thought quickly, but there was no logical reason.  It was all just smoke.  And then he remembered something Canaris had said—someone they were looking for in Reich Command.  It seemed an odd remark at the time, but now it could save his life, perhaps.  
“The mole,” he said almost as a question.  
Himmler’s head snapped still and his eyes narrowed.  “What do you know of that?”
“They spoke of him at SIS in London, an infiltrator deep within the Third Reich,” Henrik continued, warming to his story, “a senior officer, perhaps even a general.  There was no way to know who he was.  I could not betray myself to anyone.  The fate of the Fatherland depended upon my silence.  You were the only one I could trust with this secret, Herr Himmler.  My information could assure our victory.  Nothing else mattered except the bomb.”
Himmler took off his round spectacles and began to clean them like an accountant after a long day of pouring over his ledgers.  He looked through the lenses in the light to see if they were clean and then put them back on his little, round face.
“You are wrong about one slight detail,” Himmler said calmly and Henrik braced himself, trying to remember what he had forgotten.  “The mole is not a general at all, but a major.”  He frowned and then called for the lieutenant.  The cell door opened abruptly and Hauser and Klein entered dragging an unconscious German officer between them.  They dropped the officer unceremoniously on the stone floor and Klein gave him an extra kick in the ribs for good measure.  The officer groaned.  Henrik did not recognize him at first he was so badly beaten.
“Klein, show him,” Himmler barked.
Klein grabbed the officer by the hair and lifted his head.  The man’s face was badly swollen and bleeding, but now Henrik recognized him.  It was Neils Hollingsworth, alias Major Kotch.
“In a way, we have you to thank for this.”
“Me?” Henrik asked with some surprise.  “But I never knew—”
“No, no.  Of course not.  But he followed you, straight into Auschwitz.  We never would have caught him if we hadn’t been looking for you at the same time.  Apparently you and he were searching for the same Jewish girl.  Thank God you found her first.”
Henrik looked at the pathetic British spy.  So he did have a heart after all.  And now it would cost him his life.
“Klein, release him.”
Klein looked at the Reichsfuhrer as if he’d lost his mind, but he knew better than to argue.  Despite his diminutive size and mousy appearance, Himmler was a powerful man in the Third Reich, head of Germany’s secret service and to most men, evil incarnate.  Klein pulled out a long, double-edged bayonet, a killing blade, and swiftly cut Henrik’s bonds with two quick strokes.  Henrik stood slowly to his feet, rubbing his wrists where the rope had cut into his skin.  He was still unsure whether Himmler believed him or not.
“You have one month to finish your bomb.  At the end of which time I will either award you the Iron Cross 1st Class and promote you to captain, or shoot you in the head.  But first I have a job for you.  Sergeant, the pistol.”  
Klein produced a Colt 32 from his pocket and held it out.  
“Come now, Kessler.  Don’t you recognize it?  The Wolf Corps retrieved it from the docks where they found you.  I believe it is yours.”  Himmler took the gun from the sergeant and took two deliberate steps forward.  Henrik sensed the end was near.  But then the Reichsfuhrer held up the gun with the handle towards him.  “You may have the honor, lieutenant,” he said.
Henrik stood dumbfounded for several seconds, not taking the offered gun, a plethora of irreconcilable thoughts jumbling in his brain.  Was this a trick?  Was the gun empty?  Were they testing him or taunting him, or both?  What exactly did they want him to do?  And then, all at once, he understood.  It was a test, a horrible test.  Henrik looked back at Neils, who was just beginning to rouse from his stupor.
“But surely the Fuhrer will want a trial and a public execution by firing squad,” Henrik reasoned, trying to keep the desperation out of his voice.
“We cannot risk that, I’m afraid,” Himmler said.  “There cannot be a mole in the Third Reich.  Do you understand?  No one must ever know.”
“But his contacts?  Surely this man has information, important information—”
“Important information that must die with him.”  Himmler pushed the gun handle closer.  Henrik searched his mind for another excuse, but he could not delay any longer.  He must take the gun.  He must act.  Before he knew what had happened, the Colt 32 was in his hand.  Himmler took a step back, possibly not wanting to get blood on his uniform, and Henrik took a reluctant step toward the helpless British spy.  Neils was fully awake now, the imminence of death causing a surge of adrenalin to pump through his veins.
“Do it!” he said boldly, defiant to the end.
Henrik took another step until he was practically on top of the major.  Behind him, Himmler watched with cool disinterest, while Klein and Hauser shook visibly with excitement. 
“There are two bullets in this gun,” Henrik whispered.  “I can drop the two guards and kill Himmler with my bare hands.  He’s unarmed.”
Neils shook his head.  “And then what?”
Henrik didn’t answer.  There was nothing after that.  He would fire his two bullets, break Himmler’s neck, and then that would be it.  Guards would burst in the room with MP40 machine guns and shoot them both dead, but at least they wouldn’t have gone down without a fight.
“I’m dead already,” Neils reasoned.  “The bomb.  You must stop the bomb.”
Henrik hesitated.  He knew Neils was right.  Nothing else mattered except the bomb.  He couldn’t let Hitler have it.  He was insane.  He would destroy the world.  Henrik knew what he had to do.  He placed the cold barrel of the gun against Neils’ forehead, but he still did not pull the trigger.  He willed his finger to move, but it would not.  It was as if the finger had frozen in place.  
“I can’t do it,” he said with a silent gasp.
Himmler, Klein and Hauser heard none of this.  They saw only a traitor begging for mercy and a cold-blooded killer prolonging the joy of the kill.  As a final climax, the British spy yelled, “Do it!  Do it now!”  And then his brains were splashed out onto the cold stone floor. 
Henrik looked at the twitching corpse for a long moment, remembering Sarah.  Then he turned around, his face devoid of emotion and handed the Colt 32 back to the disappointed Sergeant Klein.


Chapter 17: Final Vengeance
________________

Wernher von Braun’s latest rocket was sixty-four feet from its three bell-shaped rockets to its lance-tipped warhead, fully twice as tall as any of his previous mechanical miracles.  It towered over the gathered scientists, generals and dignitaries like a colossal steel idol checkered in black and white.  At first, the professor had been reluctant to build a V2 rocket so large.  He complained about inadequate stabilization rudders, about the unfinished inertial guidance system.  He worried that the fuel pumps would not provide a consistent flow rate, that the couplings would buckle under the stress and that the electrical system would short out at the crucial moment of ignition.
But these were just excuses.
Henrik knew he could convince him to do it, just as he convinced Heisenberg to finish the atomic bomb, despite all his excuses, and Hitler and Himmler and the rest of the Reich Command to take time out of their war with humanity in order to witness this historic event.  It was pride that made them do it.  In the past month, German nationalistic pride had become Henrik’s greatest weapon.  He wielded it like an invincible sword, slashing through every muted protest, every hint of resistance.  They were Germans.  Was there anything that they could not do?
And so they came, with their nationalistic dreams and their vaulting ambitions and Henrik welcomed them with open arms.  Come and see how we, the Aryan Ubermen, will destroy our enemies and bring a new and lasting order to a chaotic world, he told them.  And they believed him.
“I have to give you your dues, Herr Kessler,” Heisenberg said softly, attempting to keep his voice out of earshot of the very powerful men who sat above him on the podium.  “At first I was skeptical of your theories.  I did not see how the power of this new element, plutonium as you called it, could be harnessed.  But you did it.  You really did it.”
“We did it,” Henrik corrected, taking a taste of his champagne.  He’d forgotten how much he hated the stuff.
“Oh, Henrik, you are very generous with your praise, but it was your theory and your schematics that made our preparations possible.  How I would love to have a unique talent such as yours.  It must be a great blessing.”
A blessing?  The jealous professor hadn’t the slightest comprehension of what he was saying.  It was true that his eidetic memory, his unique talent as Heisenberg called it, had made Henrik an extra special operative overseas, the perfect spy.  He merely had to glance at Oppenheimer’s theoretical sketches for a plutonium bomb and he had every detail instantly and permanently etched in his mind.  Combined with the knowledge Heisenberg’s Uranverein had already accumulated about the possibilities of atomic fusion, Germany’s scientists were able to build a working prototype in less than a month.  It was an amazing scientific achievement, due in a large part to Henrik’s unique talent.
  But a lot else had happened in the past month, some of it good, but most of it bad.  As for the good, Heydrich was dead.  Apparently the wound from Joseph Gabcik’s bomb became infected causing the Butcher of Prague to die eight days later in hospital in a great deal of pain.  But this news was small consolation for the repercussions that soon followed.  Over two thousand Czechs were rounded up, tortured and shot by the SS.  Joseph and his compatriots were eventually betrayed by a member of their own team, and St. Cyril was quickly surrounded.  The seven men put up a valiant last stand against six hundred German soldiers, killing 14, wounding 24 and holding out for over four hours.  In the end, the brave men chose to eat cyanide rather that be captured alive.     
And then there were the memories of Auschwitz.  In the past month, they had not dimmed a shade.  The horrid stench, the rising smoke, the desiccated human beings herded like cattle to their deaths, the piles of shoes and hair and teeth from the thousands that had already been gassed and incinerated.  The sound of the shot and the sight of Sarah’s bleeding corpse beneath the iron sign as Heydrich drove away.  Thanks to his eidetic memory, these pictures would never leave him.  They would follow him to his grave.  Surely his unique talent was not a blessing.  It was a curse.  
“No, Herr Heisenberg,” Henrik said softly, “it is you who are too generous with your praise.”
Heisenberg smiled, but there was something worrisome in his look.  He decided to change the subject.  “Have they finally revealed the target for this historic first flight?” he asked casually.  “It was all so hush hush a while ago.”  
Henrik took another deliberate sip of his champagne, biting back the bitter taste.  “No, but von Braun assures me that London is the only major Allied city within range of Peenemunde.” 
Heisenberg nodded.  “Of course.” 
“Perhaps soon, a few months, maybe a year, Washington and New York will become accessible to our rockets, but that is merely speculation at this point.”
Heisenberg looked as if he were about to make another comment when he was silenced by the warning buzzer over the loudspeakers.  There was a loud crackle followed by the booming but cordial voice of the rocket master himself.
“Honored guests, gentlemen, generals and especially our esteemed Fuhrer, the monumental hour is upon us . . .”  For the next few minutes, Professor von Braun waxed surprisingly eloquent about the significance of the moment, citing every major German inventor from Johannes Gutenberg to Karl Benz.  At the end of his rather poignant speech, he politely invited the crowd to take their seats and put on their safety goggles.
Heisenberg was bubbling with excitement.  As the official head of the Uranium project, his official responsibilities ended with the bomb’s final construction and installation in the nosecone of the V2.  The rocket’s final launch was von Braun’s responsibility.  That allowed Heisenberg and Henrik to sit back and enjoy the show, or at least, that was the plan.
“Professor!  Professor Heisenberg!” an insistent voice bellowed from down in the fire pit.  Heisenberg looked down to see Otto pushing through the crowd of uniformed spectators.
“What is it, Otto?  Can’t you see the rocket is about to go off?”
“Yes, professor, but the reactor has gone hot.”
Heisenberg’s face suddenly drained of color.  A hot reactor could mean only one thing—the weapon was armed and would go off prematurely, maybe at any moment.  Heisenberg tried to push past a nearby general but someone grabbed his arm.
“It’s too late, Werner,” Henrik said softly.
Heisenberg turned to face Henrik, the strain on his face revealing the complex calculation that was running through his formidable brain.  And then he blinked with sudden recognition.  “Henrik, what did you do?”
Henrik had no time to respond.  With an enormous roar, the V2’s three powerful rockets ignited simultaneously.  A great billow of smoke flooded the fire pit in every direction, and then the fire just suddenly shut off.  Perhaps von Braun’s worries about the fuel pumps had been well founded.  Or maybe it was a faulty electrical system.  More likely it was sabotage.  Only Henrik knew for sure.
There was a collective scream of terror as the ponderous rocket teetered precariously on its titanium launch pad threatening to crash headlong on the gathered Germans like a great, iron pine tree.  Then at the last second, it fell in the opposite direction towards the V1 hangar bays.  There was another loud explosion as the warhead hit the tarmac, and the entire launch area was buried in a thick, gray blanket of smoke and ash.
Henrik awoke in a hospital bed in Berlin.  He’d suffered second-degree burns to his hands and face and inhaled a bucketful of smoke, but the doctors said he would make a full recovery with a minimum of scarring.  Admiral Canaris was Henrik’s first and only visitor in those first few days after the accident.  Apparently, the upper echelons of the military were in quite a state of pandemonium and none too happy with von Braun or Heisenberg.  Henrik, who had taken no official credit for the Uranium weapon, was mostly forgotten, at least for the present, but he expected a visit from Himmler anytime.
“You gave me a bit of a scare, young Kessler,” Canaris said in a fatherly tone, tapping Henrik on his bandaged arm.  “I thought you were never going to wake up.”
Henrik eyed the man warily.  “It was good of you to visit me, admiral.  You are too kind.”
“Not at all.”  Canaris took back his hand and used it to relight his pipe.  Henrik had always liked the sweet smell of the admiral’s pipe tobacco.  It reminded him of Christmas and burning aged pine logs in the winter hearth.  “Any ideas on what may have caused it?”
“Pardon me?”
“The accident.  What a frightful tragedy!  The fire destroyed a good deal of von Braun’s stockpile of Vengeance Weapons and probably set the project back six months, if not a year.  The rocket master was lucky to maintain his position, if not his life, after that fiasco.  But I’m not convinced that it was entirely his fault.  Are you?”
Henrik shrugged.  “Was anybody hurt?”
“Was anyone hurt?” Canaris exclaimed, almost dropping his smoking pipe from his lips.  “My dear Henrik, you were almost killed.  The entire compound was blanketed in fire and smoke.”
But the bomb?  Henrik thought.  It could not have gone off, or Henrik would not have come out of there with a few burns and a cough.  He would be dead along with everyone else within five square miles of Peenemunde.  And what of Heisenberg and Himmler?  Were they still alive?  And what about Hitler?  Henrik felt an almost unbearable hope bubble up inside him.  If Hitler had been killed, the war could already be over.
“I suppose it could have been worse,” Canaris explained a little more calmly.  “Only a few mechanics and technicians were actually killed in the blast.  Most people got off much as you did, with a few scratches and a bad scare.  But if the rocket had fallen the other way, perish the thought.”  Canaris puffed smoke out of his pipe casually.  “Why, Henrik, you look somehow disappointed.”
“Oh, no.  I’m happy that most people were safe, especially the Fuhrer.”
“Quite right.”
“But the fusion device?”
“The what?  Oh yes.  Heisenberg’s top-secret doomsday device.”  Canaris took another puff of his pipe and rolled his eyes comically.  “A dud, I’m afraid, although it made quite a mess.  They’ll be cleaning up radioactive debris for a long time to come.  Hitler was unimpressed, as you can imagine.  Himmler has convinced him that a uranium bomb is nothing more than a Jewish fairytale meant to distract the German people from the serious business of war.  So Heisenberg’s Uranverein was split up among the various universities.  I hear they’ll be concentrating on energy research from now on.”
So that was it.  The rocket’s fateful collapse had destroyed the bomb before it could detonate.  Henrik failed to kill Hitler and his generals, but he had killed Germany’s chances of mass-producing atomic bombs, at least for the time being.  And they might never know how close they had come to possessing the most powerful weapon the world had ever known.   
Canaris suddenly took the pipe out of his mouth.  “I must be getting senile.  I almost forgot that I have something for you.”  He reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out an envelope.  He passed it dramatically to Henrik.  There was no address.  What was it—another invitation to the Chancellery?  Henrik ripped it open.  It was a telegram.
“Made it.  Feeling better.  Found friends.  I love you.”
Despite the cryptic nature of the message, Henrik knew what it meant and who had sent it.  He felt a sudden wave of emotion.  He had always assumed Esther was safe, but now he knew.  Only one word troubled him. 
“Friends?” he asked, wiping the tears from his eyes.  
“My operatives in America.  They will take care of her.”  Canaris looked at Henrik and grinned.  “Surely you didn’t think that you were the only one I had over there.  But you were the best, Henrik.  It will be a shame to lose you.”
“Lose me?”  Henrik sighed with understanding.  So Canaris was in league with the SS after all.  “Funny.  I thought Himmler would want to do the deed himself.”
“No, Henrik.  I am not here to kill you on behalf of the Reichsfuhrer.  I’m here to give you a choice.”  The admiral looked out the open window at the peaceful hemlocks, nodded to the waiting Limousine and then shut the window tightly.  “For the past decade,” he continued, his voice quiet, almost conspiratorial, “I have been fighting a war within my own country, a war for dignity and honor.  I am losing this war, but I still retain the power to accomplish a few final acts of decency.  One of those acts is to provide you with safe passage to America to be with your one true love, because if there is anything that can explain your utter insanity over the past two months, it must be love.”
Henrik felt as if his heart would burst with joy.  Canaris not only knew about his treason, he was going to help him escape.  “It hardly seems like a choice,” he said, choking back the tears.
“Oh, but I’m afraid it is a choice, the first of two possible choices that I am offering you.  But that is the choice that I hope with all my heart that you will make.”  Canaris took another puff of his pipe and his face soured.
Henrik felt a knot growing in his stomach and now he dreaded the second option more than he’d rejoiced at the first.  “And the other?” he asked at last.
Canaris sighed.  “The second choice, and it is a terrible one, is to stay here with me and fight against the indecency and corruption that you have witnessed with your own eyes, to save as many as we can and to slay the vipers in their own nest.  We would be the sheep dressed in wolves’ clothing.  I do not ask this of you lightly, Herr Kessler.  It is a great sacrifice.  But I do ask you.  You have a unique talent.  And you may be the only one who can help me—the only one.” 
The admiral looked at Henrik with eyes that were infinitely old, his gaze bearing down on him until Henrik was forced to look away.  The Limousine was still parked outside, ready to whisk him off to America.  The wind was rustling through the maple trees, knocking large, yellowing leaves to the grass.  Pictures flashed before Henrik’s eyes, pictures that were always with him wherever he went, pictures that never left him, even when his eyes were open, even in his dreams.
He turned back to the admiral.  “Can you get a message to her?”
The admiral nodded.  “A short one.”
“Tell her . . .”  He halted, trying to find the words, but he couldn’t, because there were no words for what he wanted to say.  He loved Esther more than the world.  He wanted nothing more in life than to be with her—not honor, not glory, nothing but to be with her.  “Tell her I can’t come because . . .”  He faultered again, searching, searching.  Tears were threatening under his eyelids.  He closed his eyes and his thoughts turned cold.  “Tell her I never made it.  Tell her I’m dead.”  
Canaris frowned.  “All right,” he said slowly, “if that is what you wish.”
“It’s what I want you to say.  And admiral, the answer to your question is yes.  I’ll do it.”
“Do what?” Canaris asked as if he hadn’t a clue what Henrik was talking about, but Henrik knew the wily old fox just wanted him to say it out loud, to make a firm commitment in simple language.  Henrik decided not to give him the satisfaction.    
“I’ll be your sheep in wolf’s clothing,” he said, echoing the admiral’s metaphor.
Canaris seemed strangely disappointed, but Henrik’s gaze was adamantine.  He’d come back to Germany to save Esther, and he’d done it.  But he would never escape the horrors of this war even in America, even in the arms of his love.  The demons would keep dogging him wherever he went.  It was best to meet them head on with all guns blazing.  Maybe there was no room in this war for love or a happy ending, but there was always room for fire and blood.  
Now was the time for vengeance.

###

About the author:
David Wright is a writer and English teacher living on Canada’s majestic west coast.  When he’s not teaching, he keeps busy writing, running and occasionally preaching at his local church.  He has a lovely wife and two sparkling daughters.  His short stories have appeared in over a dozen magazines including Neo-opsis, Mindflights and Niteblade.


(Picture taken at Paul Allen’s Flying Heritage Collection)

Connect with David online:
Homepage:  http://davidwright812.wordpress.com/
Facebook:  http://www.facebook.com/david.wright.528


Flight of the Cosmonaut



(Please enjoy this excerpt from David’s historical novel Flight of the Cosmonaut available at better ebook retailers everywhere.)


Devil’s Venom
April 1, 1960
A Soviet colonel arrived at Plesetsk Cosmodrome just above the Arctic Circle in a large American K-car.  He wore civilian clothes, smoked German cigarettes and stayed mostly in the shadows.  The base manifest identified him by the enigmatic letters SP, but the ranking officer, Marshal Nedelin, addressed him simply as Chief.  His real name was Sergei Pavlovich Korolev, the anonymous Chief Designer of the Soviet space program, and he was here to witness what had become a very familiar sight in the Soviet Union these days – a rocket launch.  The Chief stood behind the reinforced concrete bunker with the collar of his blue overcoat up and the brim of his brown fedora down, whether to protect himself from the frigid air or to conceal his features nobody really knew.  Patiently and silently, he waited for the wingless monolith on the launch pad to fire up into the night.  
“It is precisely this sort of delay which will cause us to fall behind the Americans,” Marshal Nedelin said abruptly and then swore.  He pulled out his silver pocket watch, a sixty-year-old relic from Russia’s Tsarist past, and swore again.  It wasn’t a very fierce curse or easily translatable, something about baby birds of questionable parentage and loose virtue.  The Chief, who had worked among rocket mechanics, political prisoners and hotshot air force pilots most of his life, almost laughed.  Fortunately, he caught himself in time.  To laugh at a major general and a senior member of the Communist Party was political suicide, more certain than drawing a mustache on Premier Khrushchev’s portrait in Red Square.
“We cannot allow ourselves to become complacent, to rest upon the success of our past endeavors.  You may have put Sputnik into space, Colonel, but last year, the Americans had two suborbital launches with live subjects.”
“Monkeys,” the Chief clarified but Nedelin did not hear him.
“And the Atlas Rocket - - ”
“Has not yet had a successful launch.”
“But it is only a matter of time.”  Nedelin fumed, the Chief’s sanguine demeanor only serving to add fuel to the flames.  “Mark my words, Colonel, the Americans are on the verge of sending a Mercury astronaut into space.”  
The Chief assumed a grim expression.  “Delays are necessary.”
“You have no idea what pressures I’m under.  Premier Khrushchev – ”
“Premier Khrushchev suffers delays poorly,” the Chief interrupted, his words bordering on treason.  “But he suffers failure not at all.  Besides, it is not the R-16 that I am here to see.”
“No?  Then what?”
“It is the test pilot,” the Chief said simply.  
As if on cue, the preliminary launch warning sounded over the loudspeakers and a man in a bright orange flight suit emerged from the distant blockhouse.  He was not an unusual man at first glance.  He had a thin face, for a Russian, wavy brown hair and a faint scar on his otherwise attractive chin.  He stood about even with the busy flight technicians who flanked him on either side carrying his life support equipment.  But there was an air of confidence in his brown eyes that distinguished him from any other man on the tarmac.  His was the look of the master bullfighter or the lion tamer entering the ring – the consummate professional.  He was a man marked for death, yet there was no apparent fear at the prospect of riding a fireball into the stratosphere.  He strode casually towards the awaiting rocket, and the milling engineers, soldiers and technicians parted in awe.  He stopped before the gantry to give his final salute and only the Chief noticed as he made a very quick movement with his left hand to touch something under his collar.  And then he was up the gantry elevator and into the capsule.    
Korolev turned back to Nedelin.  “I would like to talk to him . . . if he survives.”  Nedelin was appalled by the Chief’s pessimistic attitude, but Korolev merely shrugged.  “The R-16 is not my rocket.  General Yangel has a new design team at NII-88, mostly Germans.  They abandoned my R-7 Semyorka booster in favor of a modified V-2 rocket design.”  Korolev had often wondered where Yangel had really found his design for the R-16.  It was quite a departure from the V-2 rockets that they had captured from Germany after the war and unlike anything they had worked on together.  Korolev couldn’t imagine that Yangel was smart enough to come up with a new idea on his own, at least not one that worked.  So where did the R-16 come from?  “It’s sleek, radical and revolutionary,” Korolev continued, “but highly unstable.”  The Chief lifted his fedora and looked directly at Nedelin with his cold, gray eyes.  “They’re using devil’s venom.”  
Nedelin raised an eyebrow, but did not respond.  
Devil’s venom, otherwise known as nitric acid hydrazine, was a propellant so volatile that it burned whatever it touched and ate the very metal that housed it.  Many attempts had been made to safely harness the lethal rocket fuel, but sooner or later they all ended in disaster.  
“You know those German engineers,” Korolev continued casually.  “They’re all so convinced that their alternative fuels will provide more thrust.  I prefer more conventional approaches, small improvements on tried and tested designs.  I find we go through fewer test pilots that way.  But I have been over-ruled on this one.  It is out of my hands.”
Nedelin was tempted to argue with the vaunted Russian rocket scientist.  After all, as Marshal of Artillery, it was his decision to turn the manned-flight program over to General Yangel.  It wasn’t that he doubted the Chief Designer’s genius.  After all, this was the man that had put Sputnik, the first man-made satellite, into space.  But Nedelin was an impatient man, nervous of his superiors, and especially the Americans.  He was convinced that Wernher von Braun, Korolev's opposite number in America, was about to send a man into space.  Von Braun was on the verge of designing functional ICBM’s sixteen years ago.  Who knows what he could have accomplished by now with the almost unlimited resources of the United States?  Certainly more than the cautious and secretive Russian engineers like SP Korolev.  
Marshal Nedelin was about to make a bold statement to this effect when white steam billowed from the R-16’s starter rockets and the final countdown began.  Nedelin and the Chief slipped on their protective goggles and all conversation ceased.  Nedelin wanted very much for Yangel’s rocket to succeed, not so much for the life of the brave test pilot, but to prove that the Chief Designer’s delays were unnecessary.  Hadn’t the Soviet Union already had countless successful rocket launches?  If they could put a dog in the nosecone of a rocket and launch it into space, surely they could do the same thing with a man.  It did not concern him too much that they had not yet found a safe and reliable way to bring the dogs back alive.  Such details were best left to lesser men.
The ground shook as the massive first stage engine ignited and condensation crystals cascaded down from the metallic cylindrical body in a shower of white.  Billowing clouds of smoke filled the million-square-foot stadium as the R-16 rose slowly under its powerful rocket to a height of nearly a thousand feet.  Nedelin opened his mouth to congratulate himself on his wisdom and foresight when the powerful rocket veered slowly to the horizontal and exploded in a brilliant fireball like the fireworks on May Day.  Moments later, the stars above were obscured by an impenetrable wall of black smoke.  The air was thick with the smell of burned rocket fuel.  
Nedelin felt robbed of his opportunity to make his point and then suddenly remembered the Chief’s unfortunate test pilot.  “I’m afraid, SP, that you have just lost another future cosmonaut,” Nedelin gloated.  
The Chief rubbed his chin thoughtfully, but it was difficult to read the expression on his grim, intelligent face.    
#
Georgi Petrov had been grumpy all morning.  In fact, he’d been grumpy all week.  He always got that way when he couldn’t fly.  It was as if his mother’s God had made a colossal blunder on the day of his conception, putting the soul of an eagle in the body of a man.  He fingered the eagle pendant that hung on a silver chain about his neck.  It was the only thing that he had left from his parents and sometimes he imagined his mother’s soul was hidden somewhere inside it.  He knew such thoughts weren’t proper for a good communist, but he only ever felt that way when he was grounded.  So if Lenin’s ghost wanted Georgi to be a good atheist and sing the Soviet National Anthem, he had to let the eagle soar.
Late that afternoon, Georgi got his wish.  Yuri reported in sick with the Russian flu (otherwise known as a vodka hangover), and Georgi was next in line to ride Yangel’s rocket.  Officially, it was called the R-16, but Georgi knew it was modeled after secret German rocket designs.  He never let politics get in the way of a fast ride, and so far, there was nothing faster than the R-16.  With over 500,000 pounds of thrust, it had the potential to launch a man sixty miles above the earth to the very edge of space.  
Perhaps Georgi would break a record today, have his name written in the history books.  Perhaps there would be a ticker-tape parade awaiting him upon his return.  Georgi thought he would cut a fine figure up on the podium in his new, red-striped officer’s uniform.  He was not as tall as some of the American astronauts like John Glenn and Alan Shepard, but he was strong and brave.  Surely no one would notice the little scar under his chin as the news cameras flashed and Premier Khrushchev presented him with his medal and declared him a Hero of the Soviet Union.  Fame, fortune, dreams of a certain unattainable woman -- these were the thoughts that swam ebulliently through his mind as he squeezed into his orange flight suit and stepped out onto the tarmac.  
There was an unusually large crowd gathered for this flight and Georgi felt a surge of adrenalin as he strode out towards the awaiting R-16.  Apparently, some rather important people had arrived at the Cosmodrome in the night and were now watching from the safety of the command bunker.  Whatever the final outcome of this flight, Georgi would give them a good show.  He stopped before the gantry and saluted in the general direction of the hidden VIPs.  It was a gallant gesture, but Georgi figured the occasion called for it.  He wondered if anyone inside the bunker appreciated it.  Then he turned to ride the elevator to the top of the hundred-foot rocket.  His left hand went unconsciously back to the eagle pendant that hung around his neck.  It wasn’t his only talisman.  In his other hand, he clutched a tuft of grass – a symbol of the desire of every Russian pilot for a safe return to mother earth.  But like Marshal Nedelin who was watching from a safe distance in the command bunker, Georgi was not to have his desires fulfilled tonight.
Ten seconds into the flight and the eight ball was already cockeyed.  The inertial guidance system had failed and the R-16 was seven degrees off ballistic trajectory.  Georgi knew instantly that the first stage rocket was not producing constant thrust, thus causing the invisible phenomenon of harmonic oscillation.  Dangerous vibrations were ripping unseen through the fuselage, weakening its structural integrity and threatening to flatten the hundred-foot ship like a tin can.  Twelve seconds in and the section couplings failed.  Fourteen seconds and the auxiliary fuel tanks ruptured, leaking highly volatile nitric acid hydrazine.  Another few seconds and Georgi would be dead, blown to oblivion with all his dreams of glory left unfulfilled.
Georgi wasn’t about to let that happen.  
This wasn’t his first emergency by any means.  His mind was clear and his blood was cold.  He had an escape plan.  It wasn’t an approved plan, and probably wouldn’t even work, but it was a plan, and at the moment, that was all that counted.  Georgi had toyed with the idea of sharing the escape contingency with Designer General Yangel in the pre-launch briefing, but had wisely reconsidered.  The General would have been appalled by the blatant misuse of his brilliant technology just to save an insignificant pilot.  Then his engineers would have locked the controls and Georgi would have been completely helpless.  Even now he imagined the heartless engineers estimating his chances of survival at less than five percent.      
Fighting the G-forces, Georgi released his restraints and punched out the third stage override.  Instantly, he was thrust back into his seat by another powerful surge of acceleration as the third stage rockets fired.  The R-16’s first stage megaton booster and second stage rocket separated from the nosecone and then exploded.  Georgi felt rather than heard the explosion, the concussion nearly sending him into blackout.  He fought it, struggling to orient himself as the damaged craft spun wildly out of control.
The R-16’s third stage payload was a top secret, spacecraft prototype called the Raketoplan.  It was designed by Chelomei, one of Yangel’s most promising and eccentric engineers and theoretically capable of orbiting in space and landing on a runway like an airplane.  Chelomei had sold his idea to the military long before his prototype had even been built simply by painting a glowing picture of the Raketoplan’s potential to shoot down enemy spy satellites and rule the world from orbit.  However, the glorious Raketoplan wasn’t equipped with an ejector seat like the fighter jets that Georgi had flown over the Pacific.  The engineers back at Chelomei’s bureau, OKB-52, were of the general opinion that an ejector seat mechanism was just too heavy.  It was easier and cheaper to replace a dead pilot than to design an engine with an extra thousand pounds of thrust.  But a parachute was light and Georgi never flew without one.  It was useless above twenty-five thousand feet, but he wasn’t anywhere near that height at the moment.  He wondered vaguely if he ever would be again.
Georgi found the escape hatch release and yanked hard.  The circular titanium hatch exploded out and Georgi was thrown free of the cockpit.  So much for setting a record tonight, he thought as the Raketoplan drifted away into the night.  The winged capsule had an automatic parachute system itself, but it was notoriously unreliable.  Georgi wondered if the sleek craft would survive the fall.  At least he had given her a chance.  Now he had to try and save himself.
In the almost complete darkness of the northern spring, it was impossible to tell how high up he really was.  His immediate instinct was to pull the ripcord as soon as possible, but he knew that would be a fatal mistake.  He was tumbling violently through the air and would most certainly tangle the chute.  He would have to risk a few seconds of freefall to right himself.  It was a maneuver that he had done only a few times before and never at this velocity.
His eyes stung from the smoke and his tongue tasted acid.  He held out his arms like an eagle spreading its wings.  The air rushed against his body like a hurricane.  He felt as if his arms would be torn from their sockets.  Gradually, his body slowed against the wind.  He was still turning slow cartwheels in freefall, but he dared not wait another second.  He pulled the ripcord.  The chute opened.  Georgi grunted as the harness constricted on his chest and took away his air.  A few seconds later, he hit the snowy tundra five hundred miles north of Moscow.


Elf Lord


(Please enjoy this excerpt from David’s fantasy novel Elf Lord currently available at better ebook retailers everywhere.)

Down in the realms of foolish mortals, six white obelisks of polished stone stood erect around a central stage in mock, miniature imitation of the thrones of Aoleus, which the eyes of mortals had never seen.  Here the noble elves gathered for an ancient ritual by setting sun, a trial of champions, in barbaric homage to their holy and revered patrons of fire, frost, earth, wind and water.
Among these noble elves was the fair Zanphir, exalted princess of the House of Wind.  A tall female, by elf standards, Zanphir was tortuously pretty, but in a cold, untouchable way.  Eyes of deepest blue, clothes of finely woven mithril, her jewelry of the finest elfin craftsmanship--ageless, timeless beauty that glistened by moonlight and sparkled beneath the setting sun.  
Many a paramour had fawned over this maid from the grand House of Wind, but none had yet to capture her heart.  Nor would they, for Zanphir knew her worth and would hold out for the best possible match.  And, indeed, everything she did, even to the point of witnessing a bloody duel, was orchestrated towards this all-consuming end.
And so Zanphir, cold, unattainable, but beautiful, clapped her hands together with childish glee at the coming event, drawing the eyes and hearts of many a lovesick noble male about her.  
"The rules are simple," she said with much enthusiasm, and her delicate voice rang like the call of the multi-colored songbird from distant southern shores.  "No magic.  No guile.  Just steel on steel.  See how pure it is?  I can't believe you've never come out to witness before.  It's your duty, you know, as a citizen of the capital."  Zanphir shook her head in derision, her long, silver locks dancing over her bare white shoulders like a chorus to her sing-song narration.  
But if Zanphir was the prettiest blossom in a hundred, her consort, Ilona, was the queen rose in a thousand, perhaps ten thousand.  In elfin culture, beauty was not something to be left to subjective taste.  After ten thousand years of continuous civilization, beauty had been fully plumbed to its minutest attribute.  On her fifteenth birthday, the mystic Nuns of the Aolean Coven declared her epaphra or perfect, a blessing which occurred in the elfin world only once a millennium.
Her flawless physical form, raven hair, infinitely dark as a starless night sky, and deep green eyes, like the southern sea in summer, captured the hearts of an entire generation of young elfin males.  Many thought that Ilona, the noble princess of the House of Fire, would soon wed having been so ordained, but she did not.  Years passed without so much as a hint of a union.  But in truth, this troubled no one very much.  Elfin lives were long and Ilona's beauty would not fade until the rivers had worn the mountains into the sea.  And none would ever surpass her.
"I fail to see the point," Ilona said after a moment's meditation.
"The point?  What point?  When the red orb of the sun licks the great waters on the western horizon, the combatants enter between the monoliths of the Kaj and cross glaives.  One falls and--"
"They kill each other!" Ilona exclaimed with sudden understanding.  Her outburst drew the eyes of a few spectators, all noble males, and Zanphir blanched with embarrassment.
"No, they don't kill each other," Zanphir whispered harshly, and then shrugged.  "One elf kills the other elf."
Ilona gasped.
Zanphir hurried to explain.  "But that rarely happens."
"But you said--"
"I said he falls.  Many blows can cause a fall.  The blade can simply pierce the skin drawing the merest sliver of blood.  His opponent withdraws from the Kaj to seek healing and a victor is declared.  They don't have to kill each other, if they don't need to."
"Don't need to?  They don't need to do any of this.  It's just a stupid game."  More eyes fell on the hooded pair, and some with recognition, for even under a hood Ilona's beauty could not be easily hidden.
"No, they don't need to.  And would you keep your voice down.  If my mother finds out I'm here, she'll send me back to the Abbey with the nuns."  Zanphir looked at Ilona, a wicked grin on her face.  "And yours will roast you like a pig."
Ilona laughed despite her anger.  Her mother was known for her fiery temper, and it was no idle threat.  The Matron of Fire was a powerful mage of great destructive force, and she would not approve of her youngest daughter's presence at such an event.  Ilona knew she should leave.  She should throw back her hood, cast a reproachful glare upon all about her and march out of the ancient Kaj with disdain.  But that would achieve nothing.  The barbaric contest would go on, another elf would fall, perhaps never to rise again.  And the witnesses, having sated their baser lusts, would retire with the smug consolation that they had done their civic duty. 
No, she had something else planned for these two savages.
"Oh, there he is," Zanphir squealed, her hands clapping excitedly once again.  
A tall elf entered the ring, the gryphon feather in his hat making him look like a giant.  He wore the colors of House Etoca and the blades on his back sparkled with magical gems of every hue.  He was not particularly handsome, but he didn't need to be with weapons that sparkled as his did.  A white tiger of the most intricate design rose from his left hand-guard as if poised to strike with claw and fang, while his right guard sported a fiery red dragon of equal magnificence.  Both weapons were double-bladed, finely crafted with glyphs and gems of various designs, and glowing, the tiger blue and the dragon red.  The wielder of these exquisite tools of execution raised his hands and the little arena erupted in applause.
"It's Du'ina, my cousin.  He's a glaive master of the highest degree, a real devil."  Zanphir chuckled wickedly, her delicate hands flapping together like the wings of a butterfly.  "His younger brother was defeated last week by some country glaive lord back from the war."
Glaive lord, like love or war, was a term with multiple meanings.  Literally it denoted the weapon of choice of this class of elf.  The glaive, although varying in size and design, roughly consisted of a long curved blade attached to a pole.  Millennia of military experience had determined the glaive to be the superior melee weapon--more powerful than the sword and more adaptable than the spear or halberd.  Glaive lords commanded soldiers and earned their noble titles through military conquest and defense.  
But to some nobles in Xristhana, it was a hollow title.  Glaive lords were lesser elves, at best a necessary evil.  For glaive lords did no magic.  By whatever evil twist of fate or cruel joke of the implacable gods, these particular elves were born without the ethereal spark that had so elevated elfin culture above the common beast.  In the words of Ilona's mother, "An elf without magic is to be pitied above all creatures." 
"Glaive lords," Zanphir repeated with a disdainful snort.  Ilona made no comment, and Zanphir eyed her suspiciously.  But then she remembered the rest of her tale and her wicked smile returned.  "But he won't enjoy his victory long.  Du'ina tricked him into another challenge."
"He tricked him?"
"Congratulated him on his technique."  Zanphir smiled knowingly.  When Ilona again did not reciprocate the arrogant sentiment, as most elves would have, Zanphir rolled her eyes.  "He was insulting him," she said as if the point had been obvious.  "Oh Ilona, sometimes you are just so naïve."
Ilona regarded her friend out of the corner of her eye.  She was not entirely convinced that Zanphir knew that much more about male combat than she did, but she let the comment pass for the moment.
"What happened to Du'ina's brother?"
"What?"  Zanphir was mesmerized by the coming spectacle and found it hard to concentrate on anything else.  "Oh, nothing.  Just got poked in the thigh.  He crawled out of the ring crying.  It was a little embarrassing, or so I heard.  I wasn't here, of course.  At least not for all of it."  Zanphir shrugged again.
"Du'ina won't return the civility, I'm afraid.  Oh, I don't know if he'll actually kill him.  Maybe just a few tendons, or a few fingers, maybe a thumb, but the country elf will never duel again, that much is certain."
Ilona cringed, but now she was more determined than ever to put a stop to this madness.  Du'ina took a few more bows and then cast his glance around the stone Kaj as if to say, "Where is my opponent?"  The elves laughed.  They loved a duelist; it was true.  But they loved a showman even more.  That's what made a true glaive master, after all.
Just then, a wild-looking elf stepped out from behind the monoliths on the opposite side of the small arena.  His skin was tanned a deep chocolate like a common farmer, and his hair--his hair was as unruly as a lion's mane, undecided in both direction and color, at once brown and blonde, and streaked here and there with a color that was closer to the sea than the sky.  He bowed courteously to Du'ina, and then turned to face the setting sun.  He made no attempt to acknowledge the crowd of nobility who had gathered to witness the contest.  Indeed, he seemed completely unaware of their existence.  It was no small wonder that he had garnered such disdain among the upper classes who eagerly anticipated his demise.
When he was completely satisfied that the sun had indeed set, the country elf drew his weapon--a simple soldier's glaive devoid of glow or gem.  How he had defeated any noble elf with such a bar of iron, none could tell.
"May we begin?" he queried, although his voice was so muted that only the keenest of elfin ears could have heard it.
Du'ina turned to the audience for approval and they roared their consent.  With a dramatic flourish, the noble elf drew his glaives.  They gleamed in the setting sun.  The blade in his right hand, enchanted with raging fire, pulsed with magical red energy.  In contrast, the left blade glowed a bright blue and contained the power of the icy storm.  Ilona had seen such enchanted weapons before and was appalled at the unfairness of the contest.  She would have to work quickly to save the country glaive lord from a quick and ignominious death.
"They are about to begin.  Oh, it's so exciting!  I hope it doesn't end too quickly," Zanphir babbled over her shoulder, but Ilona could not reply.  Her lips had already begun the ancient chant.  She felt the innate magical energy of her ancestors welling within her like a volcano.  She had not yet completed her charm when she heard the first clash of steel and saw the blinding flash of the lethal glaives.
Never before had she witnessed such animal ferocity, such a display of raw physical power.  The glaive lord dashed forward like a mighty force of nature, his single glaive spinning like a whirlwind.  She heard Zanphir gasp beside her.  There was no time to cheer on her champion, only to fear for his demise.  Ilona pulled down her hood to cover her mouth and hurried to finish her spell, now fearing more for the life of Du'ina than for that of the glaive lord.  
Du'ina gave ground almost immediately, his glowing glaives thrust out before him in a vain attempt to fend off the onslaught.  He grunted with the effort, but try as he might, he could not hold back the country elf's blinding attack.  Step after step brought him closer to the outer ring, but he had no choice.  If he did not give ground, he would fall to the country elf's invincible blade.
"Oh no," Zanphir chirped like a frightened bird as she bolted to her feet.  Ilona stood beside her.  In the commotion, no one appeared to notice as she held out her hand and recited the last syllable of her charm.  
She expected the wind to howl and the ground to shake.  She expected the ring to split apart and the six ancient monoliths to topple one upon another.  And she fully expected to face a severe reprimand from her mother, Matron of the House of Fire, upon her return home.  But as it turned out, none of these things happened.
Instead, there was a flash of red from her Bloodstone ring, and then nothing.  It wasn't a bright flash.  In fact, nobody even noticed it, except perhaps the country elf.  He turned mid swing and for an instant, Ilona thought she saw him look directly at her, and the corner of his thin lips turn up in a smile.  
Ilona felt her heart leap into her stomach.  She feared she had been discovered.  She cared little about the punishment she might incur.  She was an heir to the House of Fire, the most powerful magic family in all of Xristhana.  What could these minor nobles possibly do to her?  But that didn't change the fact that she had tried to stop a civic duel--tried and failed.  It was the shame she feared most of all. 
But then, without warning, the strange elf simply stepped back from his assault and harnessed his single glaive.
Du'ina teetered on the edge of the raised stone circle for an interminable moment and then finally stumbled forward, his double-bladed glaives at the ready.  And yet, although the country elf's glaive was still on his back, Du'ina did not seem eager to press on with the contest.  Remembering the crowd, however, he bowed dramatically once again.  This brought another cheer, albeit weaker than the first, which decayed into a nervous hush as the country elf slowly withdrew his alternate glaive with his left hand.
Before Du'ina had time to reconsider, his opponent's thinner, longer glaive jabbed forward with blinding speed.  With a quick double parry, Du'ina just barely managed to avoid being pierced through the heart, but once again he was retreating, his feet unable to obey his will.  
Another jab nearly removed his right eye, and then another threatened his groin.  Not without humor, Ilona saw Du'ina's predicament.  Normally, expensive mithril armor, such as Du'ina wore, would have provided some protection against a bare, unenchanted blade.  But this country elf did not follow the rules of etiquette.  Even if he did not kill Du'ina, he would leave him maimed, blind, or possibly even castrated.  
Ilona surmised that a man like Du'ina, who existed simply for pleasure and sport, could never endure such a fate. 
Sweat ran rivulets down his forehead as again and again he dodged the angry, biting blade, so much like a serpent in its attack, each step bringing him closer to a shameful fall out of the Kaj.  Despite the seeming advantage of his two blades to the country elf's single glaive, Du'ina never managed a single attack.  Both hands remained in constant motion in a frantic, desperate attempt to protect the more vulnerable parts of his anatomy.
Up in the galleries, Ilona feared the end was drawing near for this poor peacock of an elf, and she seemed powerless to stop it.  She considered charging down into the stone circle and placing her body physically between the two combatants, but she knew her efforts would amount to nothing.  She would be removed, presumably with all gentility, and the savage ceremony would continue as it had for centuries.  
Strangely enough, her consort's fears seemed to have subsided.  Zanphir now looked on with an eager, almost lustful excitement, apparently content to watch her cousin's death as long as it afforded her some relief from the monotony of her delicate, noble existence.  But then, loyalty had never been Zanphir's most plentiful virtue.
Ilona had no such shortfall.
Reaching under her robe, she withdrew a slender white wand.  The powers of her Bloodstone ring might have been suppressed by this unholy arena, but wands drew upon entirely different sources of energy, innate in the methods of their construction.  And Ilona's wand was no small magical artifact.  Centuries old and crafted from the most hallowed Starwood elm, it was capable of great destruction.  Ilona had no doubt that the wand would work.  The only trick would be to avoid killing everyone in the Kaj.  She would have to use a lesser spell, and something quick if she wanted to save Du'ina's life.  She pointed just above the duelers' heads and whispered the command.
Zanphir saw the glowing wand and gasped, "No, Ilona!  You mustn't!"  
But it was too late.  The spell had been cast.  Ilona waited for the temporal rift to form, for the flashing blades to float up and away into the vast emptiness of the cosmos.  "Let them fight without weapons," she thought smugly to herself.  "Maybe they can box or wrestle like little boys in the academy schoolyard."
She waited, but once again nothing happened--no floating glaives, no temporal rift--nothing.
Zanphir pushed down Ilona's wand arm with surprising strength.  "Stop it, Ilona!  Are you trying to get us in trouble?"
"I'm trying to save your cousin's life!" Ilona exclaimed with righteous fervor.  Her voice was much more than a whisper, but this time no one paid her any heed.  The battle in the ring was reaching its climax and all eyes were drawn by the imminence of blood.  Once again, poor Du'ina, outclassed and outmaneuvered, had found his heel teetering on the edge of the stone ring.  Another stinging jab, maybe two, and he would fall--either to shame or to death.  
With one last effort, he parried the incoming blade with both his glowing glaives in a desperate attempt to draw it wide--wide enough for him to step forward away from the edge of the ring and maybe even to strike back.  For a moment, it appeared that his defense had worked.  The biting blade went wide, but before the weary Du'ina could mount a counterattack, the country elf drew his second glaive in the same fluid, lightning-fast motion.  
Now the exhausted, bewildered noble, with his sagging Griffin feather, faced two circling, weaving, jabbing slivers of death.  It was too much.  With one deliberate step, he tumbled off the raised stone platform and into the dirt below, but not before the country elf had severed the Griffin feather from his preposterous hat with one quick swipe of his keen, silver blade.
Ilona sighed with relief, but Zanphir only sneered.  
"Coward," she said under her breath, but her voice was drowned out by the cheers of the excited crowd.  They had witnessed an event unprecedented in recent decades--the utter humiliation of a noble, high-ranking glaive master by a poor, country glaive lord.  This would give them something to gossip about for weeks, perhaps months.  Although there were less than a hundred witnesses in the arena this warm, eternal spring evening, tomorrow there would be a thousand elves who claimed to have watched the duel with their own eyes.  Such was the noble life of the elves of Xristhana.   
The only elf who seemed unmoved by the event was the victor himself.  Before anyone could offer even a salute of congratulations, he slipped off the back of the ring and into the darkness of the night.
#
"Why did you do that?" Zanphir scolded sometime later as the two elfin ladies sauntered along the garden trail on their way back to their respective noble houses.  "Pull out your wand like that.  You could have gotten us in real trouble.  You know my shrew of a mother would not approve and yours--"
"Careful, Zanphir.  I have heard that the breeze whispers in your mother's ears, and mine can see all through the faintest candlelight," Ilona teased as she balanced a single flame on her finger.
Zanphir cringed.  Ilona may have meant her words in jest, but there was much truth to them.  Ilona's mirth turned to reflection as she pondered the fire on her finger.  Why hadn't her spells worked?  And her wand--it had never failed her before.  Even now she could feel the magical instrument pulsing beneath her robes with powerful energy.  It should have worked, she thought again.  So intent was she upon her meditations that she failed to notice the shadow above her in the great Starwood elm, until it dropped directly in front of her.
Zanphir screamed and Ilona felt her attention warped suddenly back into the present.  The flame on her finger grew at once into a ball of fire.
"My apologies," the intruder pronounced immediately, seeing the danger in the young mage's hand.  "My intention was not to frighten you.  I thought you heard my approach or I never would have dropped so near."
"It's the glaive lord," Zanphir squealed excitedly, "the victor in the arena."  Despite her cunning, Zanphir had a knack for silliness, stating the obvious in any situation.
"Mithrain, son of Birindain, at your majestic service."  The country elf grinned sheepishly and bowed before the ladies, with a flourish of his hat, much in the fashion of the pompous Du'ina.  
Ilona could see from his clothes that he wasn't as poor as she had first imagined.  Although he wore no mithril, his light armor was finely crafted of steel and iron chain, as good as any soldier in the field.  His hat was old, but still noble in its design and stitching, the only addition being Du'ina's Griffin feather that sprung from it like a newly grown weed.
"And what do you want of us?" Ilona queried coldly as the fireball shrank to nothingness in the palm of her hand. 
"Yes, what do you want?" Zanphir giggled, her new infatuation perhaps overshadowed by the prospect of a little noble snobbery.
"Want?" Mithrain echoed with mock surprise.  "Only to share the spoils of my victory with the fairest maiden in all of elfdom."  And with elaborate humility, Mithrain lowered his head in a deep bow and extended the Griffin feather towards Ilona.
"You want to give me your hat?" Ilona asked and Zanphir broke immediately into giggles.  "A male's sweaty, soldier's cap."
"And not even in fashion," Zanphir added, half into Ilona's ear but loud enough for Mithrain to hear.  The country elf stood erect, not yet offended, but certainly taken aback.  
"No, of course not."  He plucked the feather from the hat and extended it once again, adding the bow for good measure.  Ilona looked at the feather, her eyebrow cocked.  
"I have four at home," she lied.  Despite her noble position, she had never owned a Griffin feather.  They were hard to come by, even for the richest of houses.  How Du'ina ever got one was a mystery to all.
"I'll take it," Zanphir exclaimed, snatching the feather from Mithrain's grasp.  
He looked up, startled.  "Well then.  Please allow me to accompany you ladies on this starless night.  There may be thieves about."
"Thieves?  And what would you do about them?" Ilona asked, cocking her eyebrow once again.  Mithrain withdrew his glaives with startling speed.  Zanphir gasped, but Ilona hid her surprise behind a crooked grin.  "So you intend to rob us, then?"
"What?  No!" Mithrain was now completely at a loss.  "Never!  I seek only to protect you."
Ilona took a step closer.  "And you think those pathetic slivers of iron could protect us?"
"I assure you, these are fine blades, crafted by--"
Ilona took another step, her unprotected chest drawing dangerously close to the cutting edge of Mithrain's glaives.  "What makes you think we have need of your masculine protection?"  She extended her palm and let the fireball rise once again.
Mithrain's eyes widened as he took an involuntary step backwards, the heel of his leather boot striking against the sturdy Starwood elm behind him.  But Ilona would not let him retreat so easily.  With a whisper, she was directly before him once again, the edge of his blade pressed up against her tunic.
"How about a contest, glaives master?"  Ilona chewed her words like bitter herbs.  "Your steel against my fireball." 
Zanphir's childish giggles came to a sudden stop.  Ilona had crossed the line of simple teasing.  Mithrain was in real danger.  He could not strike the incensed lady of the House of Fire, no more than he could strike his own sister, but he could not withdraw either, at least not with the stubborn elm pressed up against his retreating back foot.  Ilona, too, understood the soldier's predicament, and she reveled in it.
"I suppose you are correct, fair lady," Mithrain said at last with just a hint of trepidation.  "You have no need of my protection, no need at all."
"That is true, but you have not yet answered my challenge.  Think of the honor you will gain in my defeat-- a high mistress of Xristhana's most noble House of Fire vanquished by the lowly blade of a country elf.  But will the tip of your glaive find my heart before the words of my spell pass my lips?  Let's find out, shall we?"
Ilona began her spell, but she did not finish.  A bright flash blinded her momentarily, interrupting her chant, and reducing her fireball to a wisp of smoke.  When she looked up, Mithrain was gone.
"Where did he go?" Zanphir asked stupidly.  She looked down the path and up in the elm branches.  "Vanished like the wind.  Maybe he wasn't such a country bumpkin after all."
"Just tricks," Ilona corrected sharply, "childish tricks."
"Would you really have killed him?"  Zanphir looked at Ilona with a puzzled expression, and then she laughed suddenly, not waiting for an answer.  "Oh Ilona, what fun!"  She skipped into the air with the grace of a dancer and sprinkled faery fire on the great elm's dangling branches.
Ilona shook her head at her silly friend, but an unsettling thought could not escape her consciousness.  The glaive lord had won two duels this night, and although he did not know it, the second was much more dangerous than the first.

###


Visit David’s Website at:
http://davidwright812.wordpress.com/
