


DIRE STRAITS: A TROOPER'S TALE

Peter Jackson


-

Copyright 2012 Peter Jackson
License Notes: This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
ISBN 978-0-9869102-1-0
Cover Design: Rita Toews
Formatted by: John Low


-
For my wife Hilary and children, Krista Jane and Cameron.


-
Other books by the same author:
Gema: A Trooper’s Tale
A Trooper’s Wife


PART ONE LOTUS LAND


Chapter 1
She lay relaxed on one of the couches in the main salon, head on a cushion. She was fast asleep her ample chest rising and falling in rhythm with her breathing. She was black, not dark brown like some of her friends. Her hair was short, thick and shone when hit by the sun. Her shoulders were quite wide but the rest of her body was exactly as it should be in those areas that count, her eyes, when open, were a soft brown.....understanding. She’d been sleeping with him for quite some time now not that that stood very well with him. He quite liked being alone in bed......no half-conscious fights for the covers or the pillows. Her name was Gypsy but most people called her Gyp as it was so much easier.
He checked the compass heading in the binnacle and whistled her up into the cockpit for her traditional lick of the remains of his breakfast cereal. They’d left Victoria several hours earlier, cleared Race Rocks on the slack, remarking, in his log, on the stink from the sea lions as they staged prior to heading south to their breeding grounds off Mexico.
He stayed quite close to the shore as he knew he could pick up some back eddies to help him on his way. Sometimes he wondered why he’d bought a sailboat. Better than half the time, in these waters immediately off the coast of British Columbia, he was under power as the winds were either light or totally from the wrong direction. Hopefully, as he pushed out into the Strait of Juan de Fuca, the breeze would fill in although here they prevailed from the West which was exactly where he was going.
Sailing single handed you’re always worried about something, the weather, something breaking, something you forgot, commercial vessels in the traffic lanes, something anyway.
Right now, passing Pedder Bay and Pearson College, he was concerned about conserving his precious fuel. He had provisions, including dog food, for five weeks, the water tanks were full but his water maker provided more fresh water than he and Gyp could ever need. His batteries were in good shape and the wind generator would keep them charged.......once he got some wind of course.
His sole concern was fuel.......it always was. He had eighty gallons in the tanks and another twenty stored in yellow, diesel containers lashed on the deck. Plenty for what he had in mind providing the wind came up soon.
“Bailey’s Ride” was what is known as ‘well found.’ At 42’ she was just about as big as he could handle on his own although he could probably stretch to 55’ if properly designed. He’d bought her the year before within a couple of days of her arriving in Vancouver from New Zealand. Two young guys had sailed her over so, if nothing else, she knew the way.
Within weeks of buying her he’d replaced most of the electronics and canvas plus redesigned and had built a new navigation station.
He’d installed three new 8D batteries under the main berth in the aft cabin which changed her trim slightly so in order to offset the weight he’d installed an extra fuel tank under the “V” berth in the sharp end.
Whilst under power the autopilot kept her on course and as soon as the wind kicked in the Hydrovane self steering looked after business.
On deck, a canister offshore life raft plus a 9’ inflatable dinghy with outboard for exploring, doing the shopping and taking Gyp for a pee providing there was somewhere suitable to go, which wasn’t always the case. She was completely self-contained, proven seaworthy.
She was his home, his pride and joy.......complete with e-mail, sat phone, heating, TV and VCR. No point in roughing it.....getting a little old for that.
He had a plan of sorts, then again he didn’t have a plan. He was footloose. He could go wherever he wanted, when he wanted.....weather permitting..............one of the advantages of being retired and not short of money.
His security business was in good hands and, after all, he was as far away as the phone.....a pang of guilt? Footloose didn’t mean careless. He was a good sailor believing in good preparation and not taking risks if the ends didn’t justify them.
He liked being alone but never felt lonely. He liked the challenge of sailing a relatively big boat on his own in a seamanlike manner. Not much glitz but terrific ground tackle. He’d left a bit of an itinerary with a friend in Victoria but it was just a general idea which he didn’t feel particularly obliged to stick to.
As things got a little more specific he would send an e-mail, using his Sailmail and single sideband radio, to give the details. Of course anybody could look up his position and information on the boat utilizing the new Automatic Identification System, known as AIS. This broadcast his position every 10 seconds and was in the public domain. He thought it a boon to single handed sailors. Of course he always had his Iridium Satphone, plus the VHF for close in comms and the SSB which could reach out half way around the world if you knew how to use it. He never felt isolated.
He glanced at the GPS plotter at the helm. Another sixty to seventy minutes and Sooke would be coming up off the starboard bow. He flicked the radar off standby. A couple of freighters inbound over on the Washington side......nothing to worry about. That’s for tomorrow, he thought.
In no hurry he might duck into Sooke, crappy harbour but OK if he could find a spot on the city dock. Terrific fish and chip joint just a short walk from the dock.
The steady rumble of the big diesel and the bubbling of the exhaust had an almost hypnotizing effect. His mind wondered but he knew he had to remain vigilant. In these waters logs in the water and deadheads were a great danger to small boats. Tugs still hauled huge log booms from Up Island to the mills in the south. Breakaway logs could easily hole a fiberglass hull and ruin your day.
He sat on the coach roof forward of the mast, the autopilot doing its job, letting his mind wander while keeping a weather eye on the water ahead. He thought about how he had got here, how he’d never felt as carefree as he did just now. How his wife Jennie had insisted that he live out the dreams on his bucket list while he was still fit and reasonably agile; his wife who he had met in England when she was in charge of the investigation of the murder of two of his closest friends; his wife who was now keeping an eye on the business from the manor house in Herefordshire in constant contact with his offices in Brunei and helped by his best friend and army buddy Robbie McElroy; his wife who he spoke to every day. He was going to meet her in Hawaii or Maui after he had single handed his boat half way across the Pacific..........the trip pretty high on his Bucket List.
He thought about her now, her short auburn hair blowing in the wind as he piloted his classic Austen Healey through rural Herefordshire in the south of England, how she would break out in a thousand freckles after being in the sun, how she loved his dogs and their home in Eaton Bishop. He loved everything about her unequivocally and thanked whoever was in charge for bringing her into his life. She was his second wife, his first, Judith, having been killed in a hit and run years ago now. Until Jennie had crashed into his life he had been haunted by the memory of Judith and had spent an unhealthy amount of time at her graveside. Jennie was light and laughter and he hated being apart from her, in spite of his bucket list.
The Garmin chart plotter at the steering station beeped its warning. He’d arrived at the final waypoint on the route he’d plotted. Decision time...turn into Sooke or keep on going and probably overnight in Port Renfrew. He really didn’t want to cross the traffic lanes in the dark and most of Renfrew was open to the weather. He had to do it sometime of course, get across the lanes and into Neah Bay in Washington State to top up his fuel before rounding Cape Flattery and heading out to sea.
.
He turned off the autopilot, swung the oversized stainless wheel to starboard, eased his way past Secretary Island and lined up the range markers in the distance that would guide him safely into the tricky harbour. Pay attention now the tide is flooding. Line up the first set of markers. As soon as you are through the broken water in the narrow gap that takes you past Whiffen Spit line up the next set off to port. Make sure you have steerage way as moving water can cause your helm to go neutral. Now we’re through, look for the markers up behind the marina. Line them up and keep in the channel. The harbour often goes dry at low tide and this afternoon was no exception, leaving not much room for maneuvering.
Damn it.......... he could see that the marina was full. Not that it was really a marina just a few rickety docks originally built for a commercial fishing fleet long defunct. There wasn’t even any fuel. Maybe he could raft on to someone. He slipped his boat into neutral and let the flooding tide take him quietly in. He saw movement on the deck of an old wooden gill netter moored on the outside.
After asking permission, and with the knowledge that the old boat wasn’t going anywhere in the immediate future, he put out all his fenders, put the boat about and moored starboard side on making it easy for him to leave when he had a mind.....no hurry after all. As soon as everything was secure he rummaged around in a locker under the companionway steps, found Gyp’s collar, leash and a plastic bag and walked with her up the steep hill looking for a nice grassy spot for her to do her business.
From the top of the hill he turned around and looked back. He could see the expanse of Sooke Harbour plus the basin off to the left. Other than an old seiner, that looked as though it hadn’t left the dock in months, his was the largest boat there and the only sailboat. Most of the other boats were sport fisherman in the 24’ range...............Sooke being a renowned hotbed for Salmon fishing. He reminded himself to break a rod out when he left, cruised by Otter Point and headed out towards the Sheringham Point Light.
Off across the harbour the dense forest of East Sooke Park crowded the rocky shoreline, a mixture of Douglas fir and Arbutus trees clinging to every available space. He knew there was a road in there but he couldn’t see it for the canopy of trees. Directly below him he could see the shed that housed the local rescue boat. The doors were open meaning that either someone was working on the boat or she was out somewhere. Looking out to the west he could see the clouds darkening on the horizon, the odds were good that the weather was going to change. He headed back down the hill towards the marina.
He knew the boat was safe in here, being well protected by the Sooke Hills, but you could still get a surge down the harbour. With this in mind he doubled up his bow and stern lines and checked to make sure his fenders were in the right places. For sure it was going to rain so he decided to put up his huge cockpit cover which provided shelter all the way from the mast to the backstay. Gyp liked it; they could sit outside in the heaviest rain as comfortable as you please.
Later in the day, after having fulfilled his fish and chip mission, which was everything he expected, he was sitting in the cockpit watching the rain bounce off the harbour water and thinking about his wife Jennie when the low muttering of large outboards brought him out of his reverie, the local rescue boat slipped by heading for the shed. He could see a crew of five in their bright orange suits. A tall middle aged man waved to him as they went by. George acknowledged the wave as was customary and thought about calling his wife. Bit early still, she’d still be in bed, have to wait a few hours.
The daylight was waning, getting cool and damp. Below, in the main salon, he’d turned on his bulkhead heater which took the chill and damp out of the air and created a cheery glow. His stereo system was quietly playing his favorite jazz, Diana Krall, who, funnily enough, lived not too far away as the crow flies, in Nanaimo on the other side of the Island.
.
“Ahoy, Bailey’s Ride,” he was being hailed from the dock. He stuck his head out of the companionway. Standing on the dock was someone who looked vaguely familiar, wearing a yellow foul weather jacket, sea boots and a blue watch cap.
“I was admiring your boat when we came in, thought I’d come visit.” It was the guy in the rescue boat who had waved to him.
“Sure come on over,” he called, “watch out for the decks on this old gill netter they’re a bit greasy.”
The guy came over obviously at ease in and around boats. He climbed over the rail and stuck out his hand.
“Commander John Irvine......my friends call me Jonny....no ‘h’.”
“George Mudd..... Two ‘D’s, come on below.....wanna brew?”
They sat in the main salon, each nursing a beer, quietly sizing each other up.
“Commander of what?” asked George smiling.
“I was in the navy for a long time,” replied Jonny, “then I got attached to CSIS which is the Canadian Security Intelligence Service. It sounds as though you’re not from here or you’re an ex-pat. You have a military look about you too.”
“I was in the army for a long time,” he said.
“Must have been good to you,” said Jonny looking around appreciatively.
“I was lucky, after I retired I bought into a small security company in England. It did quite well. Now we specialize in oil field security and the business has just exploded. I’m on a sabbatical.....part of my bucket list......just bumming around.”
“Love your boat,” said Jonny standing up and looking at the navigation station, “not too much plastic, obviously an ocean cruiser but heavy in the comms I see.”
“It’s important I stay in touch,” replied George, “my wife and my manager are keeping an eye on the business but you never know.”
“I see you’re running everything through a laptop,” said Jonny his eyes crinkling in amusement.
“Observant bugger, aren’t you?” said George laughing, “like another beer or something stronger?
Believe it or not I actually have a decent selection of single malts tucked away courtesy of my manager who’s a Scot through and through, how about a small Bowmore?”
They spent the evening talking about the boat, retirement, Sooke and anything else that came to mind. As with most people that have a lot in common and have shared some of the same danger they got on like a house on fire, liking each other on sight but each taking note of what was not said.
“You going to be here long?” asked Jonny.
“Dunno really. I’ve got a couple of odd jobs to do that I’d rather do at a dock if I have the choice, then I’ll be leaving. I’ll cross the Strait somewhere before Port Renfrew and then head into Neah Bay to top up the fuel tanks before heading out. I need to cross the Strait in daylight because of the traffic lanes. Those freighters keep lousy watches and they’ve got their foot hard down until they close Victoria.”
“What’s your final destination?”
“I’ll round Flattery and then head south until about 37 degrees N, which is about the latitude of San Francisco, then head west. Eventually I’ll meet my wife in Hawaii or Maui...something like that anyway.”
“If you’re around tomorrow evening George why don’t you come up to the house for dinner...meet my wife......you can bring Gyp, she’d love it up there. I can pick you up......no problem.”
“I’ll say yes right now,” said George “what time?”
.
Late afternoon the following day the two of them turned off Otter Point Road and took a logging road up into the Sooke Hills. After a few minutes Jonny turned the Jeep onto an even narrower road that opened up onto a ridge. The house backed up onto the edge of the ridge with a deck cantilevered over the edge. The view was spectacular. Sooke at their feet and the snow capped Olympic Mountains rearing up just sixteen miles away in Washington State.
The house was typical West Coast, wide verandas, cedar shakes, lots of glass, the interior both modern yet cozy at the same time, obviously designed around the stunning views of mountain and ocean. Gyp was allowed to run until she was tired under the watchful eyes of George and Jonny.
“We have to keep an eye on her,” said Jonny, “Vancouver Island has the highest density of cougar anywhere in the world; dog is very much on their diet. We see them several times a week. It’s the principal reason we don’t have a dog of our own up here.”
Jonny’s wife was an attractive, slim forty year old, seemingly very active from her handshake. She obviously spent much of her time outdoors being burnt nut brown by the wind and the sun.
“Chris is into gardening,” Jonny explained, “we have a huge garden up here. The winters are extremely mild. The only problem we have each year is water. Most people think BC is wet all the time. Round here that’s not the case. Obviously up here we’re not on any town services but we all have to be careful when it comes to water.”
After dinner, sitting in the family room, one wall of which was a solid sheet of glass overlooking the Strait of Juan de Fuca in the distance, Chris having discreetly excused herself,  Jonny stood up and warmed his rear in front of the airtight stove heating the room.
“Sergeant Major George Edward Mudd, Military Medal, Retired, late of the 22 SAS and more recently a consultant to the British Anti-Terrorist Task Force a department within MI5”
“You have to be joking,” said George, “I might have to shoot you now.”
“Just my way of letting you know that I’m still active with CSIS. The huge coincidence is I’m friendly with your ex-boss, ‘The Commander,’ he speaks very highly of you. Tells me your wife used to be a Detective Sergeant in the police force, in fact that’s how you met.” George looked at the flames flickering in the airtight.
“You seem to know a hell of a lot about me in a very short space of time, what about you?”
Jonny smiled.
“Similar sort of career path except nothing like the SAS. I was in the Navy originally then I got seconded to Navy Intelligence and from there found myself in CSIS. Obviously I’m still active...... sort of a west coast spook,” laughing. “CSIS is a little different to MI5,” he said, “the big problem on this coast is drugs. The RCMP can’t handle it on their own and no one seems to have adequate assets to deal with the problem. If it were up to me I’d blow a couple of their boats right out of the water, the bad guys would soon get the message. Jeez the Canadian Coastguard vessels aren’t even armed at least the American boats have teeth.”
“The lack of assets is actually the biggest problem. Luckily Esquimault is the Canadian Navy’s main base on this coast but they have no small cutters suited to the job. There are a few coastguard vessels here but most of the rescue function is performed by the volunteer auxiliary, which is the boat you saw yesterday. There are only three vessels here between Victoria and Ucluelet, crazy really. My function here is more one of a coordinator. I try to pull together what assets we have which would involve the Coastguard, the Navy, the Mounties and the air force out of Comox. Luckily we get tremendous cooperation from the Americans and quite often a faster response. So much of this coast is uninhabited,  it’s like an open door when it comes to drug running.
We encourage people to report anything at all they deem suspicious particularly the fishermen both sport and commercial, the tug drivers even the coastal loggers, pretty demoralizing actually. Luckily it’s all offset by the fact that I get to live and work from home. You heading out tomorrow George?”
“Looks like it Jonny, I got the jobs done and the forecast looks pretty good for the next few days. If there’s not much wind I might do a bit of fishing as I go by Otter point then boot across to the American side. I can get over in less than three hours, then head up to Neah Bay.”
.
.
“Well don’t forget.....see anything suspicious call up the JRCC in Victoria, that’s the Joint Rescue Coordination Centre, you can raise them on channel 16, ask them to patch you through to me, more eyes we have on things the better.”
.
By the time George and Gyp got back to the boat it was close to midnight, there was a bit of a surge coming down the harbour. As was habit George checked his lines and fenders, made sure Gyp had a pee and retired below. After checking his e-mail and filling in the log for the day, he was able to put his head down for a good night’s sleep knowing he wouldn’t get much more before he landed at Neah Bay.
Anybody who has spent a lot of time on a boat knows how sensitive you get to change, a slight wind shift, a weather change, a different noise, a noise out of place. He wasn’t sure exactly what woke him up. Was it the sudden change in the slapping of the water against the hull or Gyp’s gentle growling but he was suddenly awake. He looked at the clock glowing on the overhead with the repeaters. He’d only been asleep a couple of hours. The noises now became more specific. The sudden growling of heavy diesels, sudden shouts in a language he didn’t understand, a wash that rocked the boat at its moorings. What the hell? He stuck his head out of the hatch. There was a heavy cloud cover and it had started to drizzle.
A large powerboat was trying to raft on to the boat immediately forward of the gillnetter on the outside of the dock. They obviously had little idea of what they were doing. He watched them long enough to ensure they weren’t going to damage his boat, closed the hatch with a bang to let them know he’d been watching and headed back to his bunk. Bloody Clowns!!
He left the following morning on the ebb, the tidal current helping him on his way out towards Otter Point and points beyond. He’d made a careful note of the powerboat as he slid by, a Bayliner 38, a decent coastal cruiser but not comfortable in a seaway, he hadn’t spotted anyone on deck and noted that she was registered in Seattle……………the ‘Adagio.’
As he closed Otter Point he noticed that the sport fishing fleet seemed to be out in force, even on the ebb, telling him that there must be a bit of a bite on. He decided to put a couple of lines out as he cruised by the beach just north west of the point. He quickly rigged the outriggers, decided to go with a bright green flasher on one side and red on the other. Setting one to run at twenty feet and the other at forty he cut the diesel back so she was just ghosting along. Lining up the pointy end with Sheringham he settled back on a cockpit cushion, carefully watching the fleet in action. There were between a dozen and fifteen charter boats working the beach, some really close in but most a little further off in deeper water. The seabed shelved really quickly here and the nature of the currents was such as to bring feed to the salmon making it a popular and productive fishing hole, providing you kept an eye on the weather.
The growling of big diesels and a distant shout brought him out of his reverie. The power boat, Adagio, was bearing down on him from astern. He could see the big bow wave and a couple of small fishing boats heaving about in his very dangerous wake. The boat had to be going at least fifteen knots straight through the fishing fleet with little or no concern for the danger he was causing. The wake was huge, perhaps five feet. George could not turn into it as he would be turning into the idiot’s path so he had to bear away. The VHF was alive with the shouts telling him to slow down. George could see someone at the wheel on the flying bridge seemingly indifferent to the havoc he was causing. He rapidly reeled in both rods, or he was going to lose all his gear, and bore away to port. Even with his stern presented to the wake his boat tossed and turned in the wake. The crash of his coffee maker hitting the deck really pissed him off. He keyed the mike of his VHF.
“Adagio, Adagio this is the sailing vessel Bailey’s Ride as of now you owe me $75 for a new coffee maker. If I see you again I will collect.” He knew full well this was not correct radio procedure but at least it gave him the opportunity to vent. He allowed the boat to drift in the following calm and cleaned up below muttering to Gyp about idiots in power boats, inconsiderate yahoos, people that shouldn’t be allowed on the water. Gyp looked on, obviously nervous about being flung about again. The now quiet sound of the lapping of the water against the hull was broken by the buzzing of his phone at the nav station, he picked it up.
“Hi there George…..it’s Jonny, heard you on the VHF….you sounded totally pissed.”
“Yea……me and about a dozen others, clown came barreling through the fishing fleet in a Bayliner 38, must have been going full bore. He was a pain last night too, came in about 0200 hours making a hell of a din. Didn’t seem to know what he was doing either, foreign language too. At first I thought it was Russian but now I think about it I don’t think so…..Albanian perhaps or Chechnian. Bust my damned coffee machine!! In case you run into her Jonny the boat’s name is Adagio registered in Seattle, anyway to hell with it, I’ll keep on fishing out towards Sheringham then bust across the strait in daylight, catch you later Jonny.” He reset his fishing gear and, once again, turned towards the light on Sheringham Point.
It didn’t take long for his starboard rod to take a lurch and line to start running off the brake. Quickly striking the fish and feeling its strength he reeled in the other downrigger and, after setting the brake on the Edson steering to temporarily hold the boat on course, felt for the fish. After a couple of runs he felt the fish tire and knew that he could bring it to the net. Leaning over the stern rail he easily netted the fish and brought it into the cockpit. Nice dinner size he though, seven or eight pound Cohoe, a good meal plus enough left over for a salmon salad the following day. He re-baited the hook, re-set both lines, released the steering brake and once again set course for Sheringham.
He cruised along for better than two hours, the Light on the red and white striped tower getting closer and closer. He’d read somewhere that this lighthouse had been built in 1912 but certainly wasn’t the oldest on the coast, that honor went to the Fisgard Light down in Esquimault. The bite must have gone off he thought. He’d changed the depths of the gear several times and changed the colors of the flashers but to no avail. He had the one Cohoe though and that was really sufficient.
His starboard rod went again but this time it was different. The rod tip was not bouncing around as a fish tried to get off the hook, this time the rod was bending alarmingly as the line ran out off the drum of the big offshore reel. It looked more like a snag than a fish………unless it was a bloody big one. He had once hit into a really big Halibut where the rod had acted in a similar manner………but not out here he thought, out off Sheringham Light. He put the boat in neutral and let her drift. After pulling in the other gear he took the starboard rod out of its holder and felt for the fish. No fish this…..a snag. By now the tide had gone slack for a short time. He tried to reel it in. It came a little so he thought he’d try some more rather than lose all his gear plus a couple of hundred yards of line. He was using a short Shimano graphite rod so he was sure the rod could take the strain. Coupled with the forty pound test line he thought perhaps he could work the snag to the boat and save the gear. Probably just a small, sunken log he thought.
Slowly but surely he worked the snag closer and closer to the boat carefully watching the rod. He’d already lost his coffee maker today. He didn’t want to lose a three hundred dollar rod as well. Slowly but surely the snag came closer to the boat. Eventually it broke the surface of the water. No log this. He could see the blue of a net, must be a commercial net that someone lost, he thought, occupational hazard of fishing around here. He carefully brought what he could see of the net, alongside and hooked onto it with the boathook. The jumble of net rolled in the water as he hooked on. The wide open, vacant eyes stared up at him out of the face, white in death, the dark hair floating around the head like a halo.
“JRCC Victoria, JRCC Victoria this is the sailboat Bailey’s Ride, over.”
“This is JRCC Victoria Bailey’s Ride go ahead, over.”
“Patch me through to Commander Irvine please, over.”
“Jonny this is George…..call me on my cell please.”
“Jonny I’m having a great day. I just snagged a body in the water off Sheringham. I’ve secured it to the side of the boat. You’d better send someone out. Guess I’m not going to Neah Bay today. Come yourself too.”
Ninety minutes later two boats came into view around Otter point. About right thought George, fifteen minutes to get the rescue boat out of the shed and about an hour’s run over flat water. One of the boats peeled off as it reached the fishing fleet in the distance. Good idea thought George; get a list of all the boats in the vicinity before they start heading home. The other boat came on hard. As it got closer George could see it was the RCMP catamaran out of Victoria. The blue and white boat quickly closed and throttled back.
“Come on my port side,” called George through his loud hailer. Jonny and a RCMP sergeant came over the rail.
“There’s your body,” said George indicating the net lashed to the starboard side of his boat. “I haven’t touched anything other than lashed it to the side. I snagged it on a line and might have lost it.”
After a quick meeting and taking photos of the scene it was agreed to bring the catamaran around, put a diver in the water and take the body and net onto the RCMP boat.
“We’re going to head straight back to Victoria,” said Jonny, “rather than go into Sooke, you’re going to have to follow us I’m afraid George. We’ll put someone on the boat with you…….just protocol.”
“It’ll be dark by the time I get all the way down there,” said George, “luckily it’s flooding now so it’ll give me an assist, take about five hours I’d think. I’ll give you a shout as I go by the breakwater, probably end up in front of the Empress.”
“No…don’t do that George,” replied Jonny, “I want you to go into Esquimault, the naval base. Call me as you go by the fuelling docks and I’ll send out a small boat to guide you in. We have facilities in Esquimault and, for the time being, I would prefer to keep it out of the public eye. Good that you didn’t mention it on the VHF but, of course I forget, bin there, done that…eh George? See you tonight sometime.”


Chapter 2
A quiet night thought the captain, sitting in his bridge chair, looking out over the sweeping deck of the freighter…..the Glen Monarch. The ship ploughed through the easy sea heading generally eastward leaving a bright phosphorescence in her wake. He glanced at the chart plotter mentally making note that they were still well within international waters and would not cross the 200 mile line off the northwest coast of North America for at least 36 hours. The bridge was quiet at this time of night just himself, two crewmen on watch and a helmsman who had virtually nothing to do as the ship steadily closed the rendezvous point under auto pilot.
Not so bad really he thought, gives me an extra pair of eyes as we get closer to the traffic lanes. The steady thud of the heavy diesels several decks below had a soporific effect; coupled with the almost mesmerizing sweep of the radar it was hard to stay awake and alert. He’d like to keep a conversation going with the crew on the bridge that way they would stay attentive. He knew that ocean freighters, with the application of more and more sophisticated systems, were getting a bad reputation for poor watch keeping, well not on his ship. If at least he didn’t agree or even like what was going on he could still run a ship in a seamanlike manner…….it was probably all he had left, he let his mind wander.
They’d been at sea now for over a month. This particular voyage had originated in Hong Kong. Four days later they had stopped over in Manila for a couple of days, picked up more cargo plus supercargo in the form of two paying passengers and set sail for Vancouver, Canada more than thirty days sail and 6500 miles over the horizon. He himself was a Scot…..a MacDonald, he’d been at sea for over forty years……..the last ten on the Glen Monarch…….in fact ever since she was launched.
There wasn’t an ocean that he hadn’t sailed, hardly a major port that he hadn’t entered. He had a small home in Glasgow but he was never there. His daughter lived there but his wife…ex-wife…… was long gone, not able to put up with the demands placed on the Captain of an ocean freighter…….the long absences. He’d had no option he tried to convince himself, he knew nothing else. What else was he going to do at his age? Was this going to be his last command?
He liked this ship. She wasn’t that old but one of a dying breed in that she was a private charterer rather than a container ship following a predetermined route like a bus route. She was privately owned by a European consortium with which he never came into contact. His only contact was with the ship’s agent in London. She ploughed the oceans of the world always under charter…..kept busy hauling general cargo from one port to another. She seemed to be well managed from London and he had never had a problem with the owners not meeting their responsibilities when it came to harbour dues, fuelling, provisioning and crews wages. He himself had never had a problem with either his salary or the incentive programs that seemed to change from time to time…….until now. He thought about the crew.
They’d always had a good mixture of nationalities, usually himself, a chief engineer, 1st Officer or Mate, a bosun and a crew of about twenty. This trip, the officers all spoke English but the bosun was new to the ship and not of his choice. He had come with the charter, so to speak, according to the agent in London. The rest of the crew was a mixture of Korean, Philippine, Malay and the odd central European, the Bosun’s papers said he was Russian.
He took a turn around the bridge, turning on the satellite radio to a popular music station. Maybe that’ll keep them awake he thought. I can’t talk to them, they only have a smattering of English…..just enough for me to manage the ship. The bridge itself was ultra modern and clean, spanning the width of the ship. She was relatively new, overall approximately 300 feet with state of the art electronics and navigational equipment. The owners certainly didn’t scrimp there.
The crew’s quarters were excellent and they had the added value of a terrific galley and recreation room. There was even a small gym not that many people used it. They had a self contained rescue vehicle on an automatic launcher on the transom that could carry the entire crew in the case of a disaster. Unusually, in Manila, the agent had had installed another ships boat on the after deck which could be launched using a new pair of davits. At first he had thought this strange but now………………………
She was a sea kindly ship with a pair of large diesels capable of pushing her along at sixteen knots if required although fourteen seemed to be economical. It took quite a sea to make her uncomfortable. He thought back to Glasgow. His daughter was sick. She needed ongoing treatment and medication and even then there was no guarantee, a type of cancer that had only recently been given a name. Jeez just one of the medications was over two thousand pounds every three weeks. If they chose he could wait for the National Health Service to do its thing but by then she could be dead.
Britain has a semi private system both efficient and quick, the drawback being that it was incredibly expensive and certainly way beyond his means.
He had agonized for months watching his daughter slowly deteriorate getting regular updates from his sister who lived nearby. He’d discussed his situation at length with the agent O’Brian in London, talked about selling the house, taking early retirement, borrowing the money but nothing made any sense in the long run. He had eventually received a call from O’Brian in London. He had to deliver the ship to the Daewoo shipyards in Korea for maintenance that required a dry dock. The company flew him home on leave from Seoul to see his daughter and get some firsthand information from both the authorities and his sister…….none of it good. Before flying back to Korea he met with O’Brian, strangely enough not at the company offices in Limehouse, the old docklands, but at a quiet pub in Knightsbridge.
“I might well have the answer to your financial problems,” said O’Brian his accent reeking of the Falls Road in Belfast. “I have a charter coming up. You pick up cargo in Hong Kong, pick up a secondary cargo in Manila plus two paying passengers and set sail for Vancouver, Canada where you will offload. After that you go, in ballast, to San Francisco, pick up cargo and sail for Lima, Peru.”
“Sounds pretty normal to me,” said MacDonald.
“Well there is a wrinkle. Off the Strait of Juan de Fuca whilst still in international waters you will heave to at a specific location to be provided, make a rendezvous with another vessel offload the two passengers and a small amount of cargo and carry on your merry way.”
“What are we doing…running drugs now?” asked MacDonald angrily.
“For this small interruption in your schedule Mac an incentive package will be paid into a Bahamian bank account sufficient to see to your daughter’s needs and allow you to retire to your pipe and slippers.”
.
He got up to stretch his legs and took a turn out onto the port bridge wing to get a breath of fresh air. The sky was clear, this far out to sea there was no noticeable air pollution. It seemed as though you could reach out and touch the stars. A gentle swell was coming in from the west not even stirring his ship. He leant on the rail and lit his pipe……. he didn’t allow any smoking on the bridge.
He knew he wasn’t doing the right thing. Nobody got off a ship in international waters and it be legal. On the other hand how could he possibly be caught? It would be dark…..clear but dark. He was out of the traffic lanes and the radar would give him ample warning of any visitors. Just a onetime thing he thought then I retire and my girl will be looked after….just one time. Nevertheless he couldn’t rid himself of the feeling in the pit of his stomach that spelt foreboding. He walked back into the warmth of the bridge, checked the GPS position on the chart plotter, watched a couple of sweeps on the 32 mile radar and settled into his chair…..he could feel the reassuring thump of the huge diesels through his feet except they didn’t seem that reassuring any more.


Chapter 3
“Well …what do you think George?” said Jonny.
They were standing in a sterile room in a medical wing on the Esquimault Naval Base looking at the body half covered by a sheet on a stainless table. It was already late at night George just having docked his boat and been driven directly to this building.
“Right now not too much,” said George. “I’ve caught an 8 pound Cohoe and a 200 pound floater. I’ve sailed all day and I’m further back than when I started, great day so far. I’m tired and quite frankly a bit scratchy, can’t this wait until the morning?”
“I like to get the info whilst it’s fresh in people’s minds…….you know how it is,” said Jonny, “I know you’re tired. Just give me your first impressions for now and then we can both get our heads down.” George took a turn around the table and pulled the sheet off the corpse.
“I can tell you three things for sure then I’m going to bed. Firstly he didn’t drown unless mermaids have guns now. I deduced that brilliantly from the two bullet holes in his chest. Secondly, he hasn’t been in the water that long……that’s from experience. Thirdly he’s either Russian or he’s spent quite some time in a Russian prison….I can tell that from the tattoos. Tata……I’ll see you in the morning, join me for breakfast.”
.
Gyp growling and somebody beating on the side deck brought him out of his dreams. He checked the clock on the overhead. Jeez he’d slept for hours, by his standards it was already the middle of the morning. Johnny was standing on the dock, a large box under one arm and a shopping bag in his hand.
“Bought you something out of my discretionary funds,” he said laughing, “plus I brought some breakfast stuff.” Down below he opened up the box he’d carried below and showed George his new coffeemaker.
“Not bad eh?” he said, “stainless steel carafe, might last a bit longer, has good insulation too, let’s give it a test run.” Later after a good breakfast and a couple of cups of coffee each and whilst George was getting a shave in the aft head Jonny said:
“I think you were right on all three counts. The medical examiner is opening him up as we speak, he thinks he’s been in the water about 12 hours……. if that. He’s already pulled the two slugs out of the body…..9mil definitely what killed him. There was no water in the lungs, how did you figure the tattoos?”
“There’s a significant sub culture in the Russian prison system,” said George, “don’t ask me how I know…I just know. Each tattoo invariably means something specific. I’m pretty sure I recognize two of them. The crucifix on his chest identifies him as a thief. The two skulls on his finger indicate that he’s killed two people. Just make sure the medical examiner gets his finger prints, dental information, photos galore including close-ups of all the tattoos and DNA swabs. Sorry if it sounds as though I’m telling you what to do Jonny….just habit I guess.”
“Don’t sweat it, George, I appreciate any and all input. No need for you to get involved any further not for the time being anyway, what are you going to do now?”
“Well the way I feel just now I might just potter round the corner and grab a slip in front of the Empress in Victoria and watch the world go by for a couple of days.”
“Well once you get settled give me a buzz and I’ll introduce you to a couple of nice pubs in Victoria, I’ll also speak to the harbour master. You don’t have to worry about moorage and all that stuff, we’ll put it down to official business.”
George motored out of the base, rounded the corner, passed the breakwater and entered Victoria Harbour. He passed a ten story cruise ship to starboard which must have come in during the night the passengers now doing a whirlwind tour of the town. Off to port Westbay Marina and further down the harbour the fuel dock. On arriving at the docks, in front of the hotel, a line handler was waiting for him. Obviously Jonny had called ahead and spoken to the harbour master. He moored, stern to, directly in front of that icon of West Coast Hotels, The Empress. Coming in to docks singlehanded keeps you pretty busy, he hadn’t noticed, until now, the big white power boat, the Adagio, berthed a couple of slips over towards Milestones.
He spent the rest of the day doing ‘boat jobs.’ He put up the big awning as he expected to lay over for a couple of days. He hooked up the 50 amp power plus the water, no point in depleting his own stocks when at the dock. He spent over an hour re-building and greasing one of his primary winches. Once done he wandered over to the harbour facilities, under the Milestones Restaurant, and luxuriated in a long, hot shower. On his way back he noticed that there didn’t seem to be anyone around the Adagio. He walked down the slip, rolled up towel under his arm. He had a good look at her as people are wont to do on boat slips. Most sailors cruise docks either on foot or in the dinghy, sailors, in general, are a gregarious lot in port.
.
“So where are we going?” he said to Jonny standing on the dock, “do I need to dress up?”
“No you’re fine as you are,” he replied, “it’s just a pub…very nice one actually…..The Penny Farthing up Oak Bay Avenue only about ten minutes from here. Best Kilkenny in town and passable fish and chips although not as good as Barb’s up the harbour there on Fisherman’s Wharf.”
Ten minutes later, true to Jonny’s word, they were sitting on high stools at the huge oak bar waiting for the heads on the freshly poured Kilkennies to die down.
“You know I was thinking,” said George, “if the dead guy is Russian or at least from that part of the world it strikes me as being a bit coincidental that that cruiser that came in during the night and was barreling through the fishing fleet was manned by people speaking a language from that part of the world. Along with that, I had a good look at her this evening as she’s moored in front of the hotel; the name and port of registration look as though they’ve been freshly painted. Top of that where the hell were they going in such a hurry?” George took a swig of his beer, “ I remember two things I was told by one of my troopers the first was ‘coincidences get you killed’ and the second was ‘if you want loyalty get a dog’ mind you he was a bit of a cynic, ended up being a good friend of mine. We played golf together at least once a week……..dead now unfortunately.”
“You’re a golfer are you?” said Jonny, “we should try and get a game in sometime. I’m a member out at Royal Colwood not too far from here, on the road to Sooke. You know I’m hoping to get some info on the dead guy tomorrow. I sort of side stepped the locals and sent all the info we got off the body to CSIS so we’ll just have to wait and see. Having said that I think tomorrow I’ll come over in the rescue boat from Oak Bay and do a courtesy safety check on all the boats moored in front of the hotel; see if we can snoop around that power boat or something.”
.
Back at the boat, after taking Gyp for a walk in the park behind the museum, George called his wife Jennie in England.
“How are things in Eaton Bishop?” he asked after the usual pleasantries. “I need you to do something for me in the morning and then get back to me straight away…..don’t worry about the time difference…. I’m in Victoria, British Columbia. I want you to call the Commander and tell him I’m with a bloke called Commander Jonny Irvine late of the Canadian Navy and now attached to their security services. He seems to know a hell of a lot about me but I know nothing about him. Not that really comfortable with such a one sided thing. I also have that itchy feeling at the back of my neck. Don’t like it much but it’s never let me down yet. I’ve no idea when I’ll be pushing off for Hawaii but I’ll let you know as soon as I decide. Maybe you should think about joining me here in Victoria rather than Hawaii. Anyway think about it. Give me a call as soon as you hear from the Commander…….use the mobile not the Satphone because I might not be on the boat.”
He poured himself a nightcap, a Bowmore naturally, and thought about his wife. He missed her desperately and it was only at her urging that he found himself where he was.
“Sooner she gets out here the better,” he said to Gyp who cocked her ears in interest. “I’m too young for this enforced celibacy business. I wasn’t cut out to be a bloody monk.”
.
The following day dawned bright and clear and the morning noises greeted George as he stretched in the cockpit enjoying his first coffee of the day. Traffic on Government St in front of the Empress was already building and a few buskers were setting up on the causeway around the harbour early as it was. He looked up the harbour and saw the rescue boat idling in towards the docks. Looking over towards the city docks Adagio was gone…..the berth was empty; he hadn’t even heard them leave.
Jonny and the rescue boat crew, in their orange suits, started their courtesy safety checks on the docks closest to the Legislature Buildings and worked down towards George and Bailey’s Ride. Eventually Jonny formally asked permission to board, for the benefit of anyone listening and the two of them disappeared down below.
“I don’t know what time she left but I’m guessing about 0600 hrs,” said George, “I must have been dead to the world. Usually diesels close aboard wake me up.”
“No worries,” said Jonny, “we’ll catch up with her later, whilst she’s out let’s go talk to the harbour master’s office and see what info they gave when they registered.”
They found out that moorage had been paid for a week so she was definitely coming back….wherever she was. She was registered as the Adagio out of Seattle, the owner and skipper of record one Igor Zakayev. Four men had entered the country…the harbour master’s office doubled as the customs office for Victoria and all four had Canadian passports. They had declared nothing and volunteered that they were here for the fishing up the straits beyond Sooke. Later, sitting in Starbucks on Government St, Jonny said thoughtfully,
“You know let’s take advantage of the time we have available. I have a terrific relationship with Homeland Security in Seattle and the boys in Neah Bay. Think I’ll have them do a trace on the Adagio and I’ll give them the names of the guys that came in on her……see what they can find out for us.” He pulled out his cell phone punched in a pre-programmed number and started giving the information from the notes in his little leather notebook. George’s mobile vibrated in his pocket.
“Hi there Jen, I lay awake half the night thinking about you; see the effect you have on me. I hope to God you’re coming out here and not waiting to go to Hawaii to meet me.” He laughed but both of them knew he was serious.
“I talked to Robbie in Bandar,” she replied, “I asked him if he could come over here for a few weeks and manage the business from here, that way I could join you out there. We’re never further away than the phone after all, let’s face it it’s rare that our feet ever hit the ground any more. Usually it’s just a political thing for us. The business seems to run itself. Having said that you seem to have made quite a friend out there,” she said. “John Irvine is not a Commander at all, that’s just a cover, he’s actually a Major in the 22nd Regiment…….reminds me of David Rowden for crying out loud. He was seconded quite some time ago to the Canadian JTF-2 Group which is their equivalent of our SAS. He did several projects for them which is how he came into contact with the Commander. Apparently he’s a very tough cookie……maybe as tough as you soldier boy. Anyway some time ago he was seconded yet again to CSIS, the Canadian Security Intelligence Service. He seems to have an extremely close relationship with the Commander. He also went out of his way to remind us both that we are both still attached to the British Anti Terrorist Task Force. I think it was his way of telling you that if you needed any help with anything you could still call. I think he feels he owes you one George.”
.
After his conversation with Jennie and with her West Country burr still pleasantly in his head he turned to his new friend,
“Well Jonny looks like now all we have to do now is wait. We have to wait for information coming back from your own security services concerning the body and from the Americans concerning the Adagio and its crew, there are a couple of things I want to do today, want to tag along?”
Later that morning the three of them Jonny, George and Gypsy were chugging up the harbour in George’s nine foot inflatable driven by the little four stroke Yamaha, Gyp standing up in the bow like a figurehead. They were heading up to Fisherman’s Wharf. From there they had easy access to the park in order to give Gyp a really good run. They threw a ball until their arms ached but Gyp didn’t seem to tire. After an hour or so they called it quits and walked up to Erie St and Victoria Marine Electronics. George seemed to know the people there and bought a security system for the boat and arranged for its installation. From there they walked to FAS Seafood Producers without a doubt the best smoked fish in Victoria. 
Heading back to the Empress, enjoying the views, the constant float planes of Harbour Air and keeping out of the way of the Cohoe, the ferry heading over to Port Angeles in Washington State, George said with laughter in his voice,
“Major John Irvine late of the 22nd Regiment, the famed Van Doos, late of the    JTF-2……………I too have friends in high places.”


Chapter 4
The captain checked his watch for the twentieth time, he was right on time. Once again he checked the chart plotter. His position was 47 degrees north 128 degrees west, on station but alone in a wide circle of open sea. He checked his position on a small scale chart relative to the 200 mile line. He was still in international waters but the daylight was beginning to fade. Good for his own concealment but bad if the other party didn’t have the required navigation skills. He thought they might have been here by now.
“All engines stop,” he ordered, “bosun take the radar watch, let me know the moment you get a target at 32 miles.”
His passengers had gathered on the aft deck by the extra boat now slung in davits waiting to be launched. The boat had previously been loaded with half a dozen small crates taken from Number 1 hold under the supervision of the bosun.
“Bosun, as it gets dark……no lights…..keep the ship dark. I hate just sitting here. Not being underway is suspicious in itself. Warships heading into Puget Sound could be just over the horizon. Be prepared to get underway in an instant.”
He looked over to the northwest in the dying light, a haze seemed to be gathering over the distant horizon and a gentle warm breeze had picked up. He walked out onto the bridge wing and looked out over the water. An oily swell was beginning to develop, not enough for the freighter to even notice but if it built up much more a small boat might find it less than comfortable. That’s all I need he thought to himself. If the weather fills in we could have a devil of a job doing the transfer.
Back on the bridge he checked the Weatherfax and saw that a small depression was bearing down on them. It looked as though he had about a two hour window of opportunity, not that it was of any concern to his ship but if a small boat got caught in it over 200 miles offshore it could get difficult for them. He would give them another hour then he might have no choice but to break the agreed upon radio silence. He knew the name of the boat meeting them and would have to take the chance of being overheard, although this far out the chances were slim, the VHF only having range equal to the line of sight.
“Contact at 32 miles,” called out the bosun staring intently at the screen, “moving pretty fast I’d estimate about 20 knots, if it’s our guest he’ll be here in about 90 minutes.”
“As long as it’s the Adagio and not some inquisitive American warship,” said MacDonald, “maintain the radar watch, any other contact sing out immediately. Just hope the Yanks don’t have a sub in the area. By the time they get here that weather should be down on us, that’ll teach them to be late! We’ll hold our station, let them come to us.” He slipped on his bridge coat and hat and stepped out onto the wing. It was cooling off already and there was a damp feel to the breeze that was filling in from the northwest. About an hour later the bosun sang out,
“Range about 12 miles now skipper should be in sight from up here, they’re about ten degrees off our starboard bow still making about 20 knots.”
“Very well Azimov, I’ll take the bridge now. Get yourself down to the afterdeck and look after things down there. Have them stand off our port bow about 50/75 yards as the tide will be flooding by now. Send an extra crewman in our boat so we have somebody to bring it back to hook on.”
“Aye aye skipper,” responded Azimov, “I’ll be leaving with the passengers Sir as I’ve been instructed. You should be OK without a bosun. In a few hours you’ll be picking up the pilot anyway to take you into Vancouver.”
As the minutes ticked by the guilt built up in MacDonald. All his forty years at sea he had abided by maritime law. He had constantly acted as a good seaman worthy of his Master’s Ticket in every way. Twice he had run ins with pirates, once off the Somalian Coast and once in the Malacca Straits, both hotbeds of modern piracy. Both times he had outwitted them by good seamanship and in one case the timely intervention of a French Frigate. He thought of getting under way and leaving the Bayliner in his wake. There would be nothing they could about it……on the high seas anyway.
He considered Azimov who had just stated he was leaving the freighter with the passengers then there were the passengers themselves. They had kept themselves to themselves for over a month. They spoke English between themselves when he was around but, when alone, a language that sounded like Russian to him but he wasn’t sure. Of one thing he was sure……..they were a hard looking bunch and reneging on his ‘deal’ might not sit well with them. Of course the overriding factor was his daughter. This one transgression would solve all her problems and allow her a reasonable quality of life. If this feeling of guilt was the cost then so be it……she was all he had……..but it still gnawed at him.
By now he could see the running lights of the Bayliner as it closed his ship. He could see Azimov at the rail giving them instructions through a portable loudhailer and watched them stand off the port bow as instructed. He looked aft towards the transom. The extra ships boat was swung out waiting for Azimov. As soon as he had climbed in with his sea bag the boat was lowered away into the darkness. He could see from the small boats action that the weather was starting to fill in. The breeze had picked up and a small chop had developed on top of the ocean swell. You really don’t notice it from up here he thought. It takes a lot more than this to get any motion out of twenty thousand tons.
He watched as the small boat closed with Adagio, by now they were both tossing in the chop. Adagio’s crew, he could see four of them from the bridge, put out probably as many fenders as they possessed and brought the ship’s boat alongside. The helmsman on the flying bridge at least had the sense to turn the Bayliner’s head into the weather thereby minimizing the motion of the two boats now lashed together. The seven men quickly transferred the crates from one boat to the other whilst the one crew member from the Glen Monarch stayed at the wheel. Within minutes the transfer was finished, the ship’s boat cast off and the Adagio turned her head and headed east towards the Canadian Coast, quickly disappearing in the gathering murk.
Leaving the job of bringing his boat back aboard to the gang now waiting on the after deck, MacDonald watched the blip on the radar slowly head out across the screen. Taking a quick look at the ship’s position, on the GPS chart plotter, he made a note in the notebook kept on the shelf above the chart stowage. Reverting back to the radar he made another note of the course of the Bayliner away from the Glen Monarch. This out of the way, he called for half ahead on the telegraph and brought the ships head around to her original course. Once she had gained speed he called for full ahead, engaged the auto pilot and phoned down to get a helmsman up to the bridge.
For the next hour MacDonald sat by the radar constantly checking the heading of the Adagio. Not once did they veer from their course until eventually they ran out of range. Either they’re very smart and know the range of my radar and will alter course as soon as they think they’re out of range, or they’re not smart at all and intend to continue on oblivious to the fact that I might be watching.
Taking a large scale chart from the drawer holding the charts for the west coast of Vancouver Island, he marked the original position of Monarch Glen at the rendezvous point. Taking parallel rules he marked the course of the Adagio away from the point and continued the line until he came to the Canadian Coast………..Ucluelet he said triumphantly, although he had no idea what he was going to do with that information, it just made him feel better to think he had a notion of where they were going. He looked out of the bridge windows and down the wide expanse of deck. Visibility was down to about half a mile and it had started to rain.


Chapter 5
It was gloomy and drizzly this morning. The rain glistened on the wooden docks and there were few people around. Gyp was stretched out in the cockpit watching the rain bounce off the harbor surface. George was pottering below, music softly playing in the background, slowly working his way through the endless list of jobs on a cruising sailboat. He had a whiteboard screwed to an aft bulkhead upon which he made notes as necessary and maintained his ‘to do’ list.  Actually he was waiting for the technician from Victoria Marine to arrive as today they were going to install the security system. He had spoken to them earlier and they didn’t seem to be bothered about the fact that it was raining.
The weather seemed to have settled in but he wasn’t going anywhere. He accessed the current weather maps, through his Sailmail program, and listened to the synopsis on the VHF weather channel. A relatively large depression had worked its way down the Strait of Juan de Fuca and had stalled close by. The depression wasn’t that deep so the winds were not excessive but an unpleasant swell had developed down the Straits, the net result being that he was quite happy to stay where he was until it all cleared. Although he hated to admit it to himself,  he was curious to hear the information Jonny would be getting from the various agencies, not that it had anything to do with him of course but still…………..
Pouring his third cup of coffee of the morning the techy arrived. He’d brought a two wheeler with him down the dock carrying several cardboard cartons and his bag of tools.
“Come aboard out of the wet, don’t mind the dog,” said George, “we need to discuss where we are going to locate some of the equipment. We’re talking about two closed circuit, low light cameras both on the first set of spreaders; one facing aft and aimed into the cockpit the other looking forward and capturing as much of the foredeck as possible, both motion  activated. A motion detector in the cockpit which probably makes having contacts on the slider redundant but we should have a contact on the main hatch forward. Activation of the motion detector should automatically switch on the main spreader lights. The cameras should be hooked up to the recorder which I’ve already installed at the nav station; the entire system to run off 12 volt DC.” The techy grinned.
“Sounds as though you know what you’re talking about Mr Mudd,” he said.
“Well I’ve had plenty of time to think about it, that’s for sure, but I also own a security company in England so I have a little experience in the field although not on boats of course. Anyway let’s get on with it. If you need any help with anything just give me a shout, I’m not going anywhere for a while.”
He, of course, was also waiting to hear from Jonny Irvine his curiosity having been piqued. Looking over he noticed that the Adagio was still not in her berth although one of the Canadian Cadet Training vessels was moored to the city dock immediately aft of the Pacific Grace, a 138’ training schooner recently returned from a circumnavigation of the South Pacific……on the bucket list.
The ship’s clock below sounded four bells indicating 1400 hrs. The technician had finished the installation and was now doing his final testing. It had stopped raining but was still pretty gloomy. It would rain again once the backside of the depression moved through. There was the usual traffic in the harbor. The coming and going of the little harbor ferries that ran about like bugs on a pond, the constant air traffic of Harbour Air that used the harbor as a runway, the periodic coming and going of the whale watchers in their huge rigid hull inflatables and of course the odd cruiser looking for a berth for the night.
George looked up the harbor, startled by a Beaver of Harbour Air opening up his throttles. He was just in time to see what looked to be the Adagio pulling away from the fuel dock and heading down towards the slips and her berth over towards the city dock. As she pulled closer he could see that she was in fact the Adagio. She slipped into her berth in a quite seamanlike manner; it looked as though her skipper had had some practice by now. Once secure her engines were shut down and her skipper, he assumed that that was Zakayev, climbed down from the flying bridge. Three men stepped off the boat, walked up the slip, climbed the steps up to Government St and disappeared from sight. George checked his watch; the Adagio had been out for approximately thirty hours.
Not having heard from Jonny and having signed off on the installation job he decided to take Gyp for a run and get some exercise himself. He changed into a sweat suit and his runners, put Gyp on the leash and, at a steady jog set off up Government St in the general direction of James Bay. He turned left on Toronto St and cut into the woods his side of Arbutus Way, there he let Gyp off the leash and let her run. He continued to run south increasing his speed, now she was off the leash,  and entered Beacon Hill Park. He took the Beacon Hill Loop up to the lookout and stopped up there to allow Gyp to have a good sniff around and a pee. After taking in the spectacular view, even with the crappy weather, he ran down the hill to Dallas Road, Gyp back on the leash, and headed home via Belleville.
By the time he got back to the boat he’d run several miles and had worked up quite a sweat. Jonny was sitting in the cockpit, under the awning waiting for him.
“Curiouser and curiouser George,” said Johnny while George was giving Gyp her water, “the Americans have no record of the registration of Adagio on top of that they’re having trouble tracing the crew. I’ve formally asked our immigration people to send all pertinent information to Homeland Security.”
“I’ve got some information too,” said George, “although why I’m bothering I’m not quite sure, must be in the genes. I saw her come in this afternoon; actually I saw her coming off the fuel dock over there. She’s been out approximately thirty hours. I’d be interested to know how much fuel they put in her. On top of that I saw three gents leaving the boat but I’m sure there’s more than one on it now. Unless someone came on board whilst I was off jogging, the whole thing is getting more and more fishy.”
“I can find out about the fuel easily,” said Jonny, “ but it gets worse, the Americans and by the way I deal with a guy named Vance at HS which is Homeland Security, are talking about us maybe holding the boat as it may be stolen. They’ve asked if we can get the hull and serial numbers, usually they’re molded into the hull at the transom, shouldn’t be too difficult if there’s no one on the boat. Right now, frankly, I’m not in a hurry to do anything. The whole thing is starting to stink of drugs and we’re better off letting them have their head for the time being.”
He keyed a pre-programmed number in his cell phone and spoke into it briefly.
“I’ve asked the local police to discreetly question the fuel dock concerning the Adagio. They’re going to do it straight away before the kids on the dock have a shift change. Victoria’s a small place they’ll be back to us pretty quickly. They’ll come over here, they know where I am.”
“I had the security system installed today,” said George, “wanna see it?”
“Boys and their toys,” said Jonny laughing.
“You see there are two motion activated, low light cameras up in the spreaders. Once the system is activated it will film the entire boat from bow to stern and record it in the nav station. There’s also a motion detector set up in the cockpit. When triggered the spreader flood lights automatically go on, a siren sounds and the cameras are activated and it all runs off the ships power, very efficient too. The whole thing is simply on standby until it is activated. After ten minutes of inactivity the system turns itself off and re-arms itself, state of the art…..neat!”
No more than an hour later a Victoria Police Sergeant that Jonny introduced as Gary Stevens came down the dock. They sat in the main salon together. It was obvious from the chit chat that Jonny and the Sergeant were old friends. Stevens pulled out his notebook.
“The attendant at the fuel dock remembered everything,” he said smiling, “he’s also my wife’s nephew which helps,” he added smiling. “They took on this afternoon 375 gallons. Peter, the attendant, thought this a bit strange as the stock Bayliner 38 has a fuel capacity of 305 gallons which means she has an extra tank…..not that that’s unusual what is a bit strange is that Peter says he fuelled her up just three days ago too which means she’s covered a hell of a lot of ground in a short space of time. He also remarked that there were at least five or six guys on board and only one did any talking. They paid cash in American funds.”
George stood up and settled himself down in front of the laptop at the nav station, he Googled the Bayliner 38.
“With standard power the 38 can move at about 20 knots maxed out, she’s not a displacement hull. At that speed she consumes about 15 gallons an hour,” he tapped some numbers into a calculator “ If she consumed 300 gallons at 20 knots she’s travelled approximately 400 nautical miles. Assuming she’s wasn’t empty it’s safe to figure she travelled between four and five hundred miles in the last couple of days. That’s quite a distance!” He pulled out a chart and laid it out on the nav table whilst taking a large pair of dividers out of a drawer.
“What I would do if it were me…….which it isn’t I hasten to add is this. North of here there aren’t many fuel docks; I would firstly have the Americans check to see if she fuelled up over there at all. That should be easy for them. After that I would check the fuel docks in Sooke, Port Renfrew, Bamfield, Ucluelet and Tofino. I would even go as far as Port Alberni up Barkely Sound. Once you have that information you can start thinking laterally. Of course all this is based on you thinking that she’s up to no good. She could have been fishing too. Maybe she went out to the Swiftsure Bank, you have to do the footslogging though……no choice really.” Gary Stevens got up to leave.
“You don’t need me anymore gents,” he handed George a business card, “if you ever need anything Mr Mudd just give me a call, all my numbers are on the card. The Commander here will vouch for me.” He climbed up the companionway steps and disappeared from view.
“Good man that,” said Jonny, “part of the drug squad on the street, Chris is quite friendly with his wife they play tennis together occasionally. I’ve worked with him on several occasions, you can rely on him. Like I said before, George, this whole thing stinks. I know we don’t have any evidence of a crime of any sort other than the fact that the boat might be stolen but my instinct tells me there’s a lot more to this than meets the eye. Maybe you’d like to stick around a bit your experience is invaluable, strictly unofficial of course.”
“I might well be hanging around anyway Jonny, it really depends on the wife, I’ll be talking to her later. We’re thinking she might join me here in Victoria rather than wait for me to get to Hawaii. She’s talking to our senior manager in Bandar in Brunei see if he’ll spend a bit of time in England and keep an eye on things for us. He’s due a spot of leave anyhow so it would work for everyone. You’d like him Jonny, a huge Scot also ex-SAS, we fought together in Malaya and Borneo…..Robbie McElroy……..good man to have on your six.”


Chapter 6
Sailors, when at dock, ‘dock crawl’, it’s a given. Look at other boats, talk about boats, talk about cruises, anchorages, weather, gadgets, anything to do with boats. Some docks are better than others, timing is key too. More often than not you get invited for a beer. If you’re on a mooring you ‘crawl’ in the dinghy. You make friends that way……sometimes for life.
Victoria Harbor gets a good selection of boats to visit, to gaze at…… sometimes to envy. George decided to dock crawl this evening. Jonny had left with promises to get back to him if anything came up. Jen hadn’t called yet but he had his cell with him and he’d finally had some of the salmon he’d caught off Otter Point. The cloud cover was breaking up and he decided he was wrong about getting more rain.
He put Gyp on the leash and headed out on the docks. At first he was selective, a Tartan 44 flying American colors probably just up from Bellingham or Seattle. It was an easy weekend sail for them, sheltered most of the way.
A Nordhavn 64 made him drool. Had to be at least two million tied up there. The Cadillac of offshore power boats…five thousand just to fill her up……take you anywhere though. On his way to the end dock he passed a really beat up C&C 40, a smaller Tolley and an Alberg 37 that had to be fifty years old but obviously much loved by the owner who sat and chatted with him for twenty minutes. Finally he approached the Bayliner. One man was sitting on the aft deck with his feet on the rail nursing a beer. There was no one else in sight,  George paused looking at the transom.
“Nice boat…what is she …….38?” the man looked up. He badly needed a shave and had a pale pallor certainly not the healthy coloring of someone who spent time around boats. “I see you’re out of Seattle, I’m down there quite often where do you keep her?” The man seemingly ignored him but George was not going to be deterred. “I’m off that double spreader rig over there….the sailboat with the self steering,  came over from Vancouver a few days ago. Soon as the weather breaks I’ll be heading off to Hawaii at least we will…..me and the dog,” he said smiling and pointing at Gyp.
“Why don’t you just go away,” the man said in heavily accented English.
“No point in being unpleasant,” said George, “just making conversation,  crawling the docks before getting settled for the night.”
“Just fuck off and leave us alone,” said the man standing up. George could see that his left forearm was heavily tattooed.
“Now that’s most unpleasant,” said George cheerily. “You’re the people that came barreling through the fishing fleet the other day off Otter Point. You’ve got a lot of people mad at you. You guys actually owe me $75 for the coffee machine you smashed with your wake. You should mention it to your skipper when he’s about. You can bring it over to my boat….Bailey’s Ride over there…..you can’t miss her; see you.” With that he turned on his heel and walked back up the dock Gyp merrily trotting by his side. Miserable bastard he thought to himself. Later that evening Jen called.
“Robbie’s agreed to come over but it’ll take a few days. As soon as he’s here I’ll fly out. Probably be about a week.”
“That’s great Jen…..I can’t wait, I miss you, Gyp misses you. When you arrive, if you can’t get a really good connection from Vancouver Airport, take a taxi downtown to Harbor Air. They’ll drop you within 300’ of the boat.” He told her about his new security system of his dealings with Jonny Irvine and they chatted for some time mostly about business but some items concerned the running of their estate just outside Hereford.
“George I know what you’re like. Please, please don’t go getting involved with something that doesn’t concern you. I know you miss the excitement and the rush but you’re supposed to be sailing the wild blue yonder not fooling around with the local law enforcement.”
.
“Don’t worry about it Jen. It’s only that I’ve seen the boat in question three times now and it piqued my curiosity but you’re quite right, there’s absolutely no reason for me to get involved. I’ll just sit here and wait for you to arrive…..can’t wait!” No sooner did he ring off after having talked to Jen when his cell rang yet again……Jonny this time.
“The Americans got back to me already. As far as they can make out the Adagio made no landing in the US neither did she fuel up, they checked from Port Angeles out to Neah bay. I’m still waiting to hear back from our people.  Actually I’ve got some time to spare tomorrow how about a round of golf ………….oh but I forgot you’d have to leave the dog you can’t exactly bring her with you.”
“Gyp isn’t a problem Jonny. I can easily leave her on the boat under the awning. She absolutely will not leave the boat unless I’m with her. She’s been like that ever since she was a pup. As long as I leave her some water she’ll be just fine. I doubt if we’ll be more than five hours anyway. I’ll make it up to her later with a run in Beacon Hill. I’ll go dig my clubs out of the forepeak.”
“OK George…..I’ll pick you up at 0800…it’s only about a twenty minute drive from here. See you in the morning.”
.
He spent the rest of the evening pottering about below. He dug out his clubs, shoes and some appropriate clothing from under the vee berth to save him looking in the morning. As was his habit he filled out his daily log, not that there was much to say today although he did mention the idiot in the Bayliner. As with most sailors he maintained two logs. One a ship’s log, in this he kept a record of position, updated every watch or every four hours when at sea, he noted position, speed, course and course changes. He also made a note of weather conditions and boat maintenance. His secondary log was more of a diary with photos taken with his small, digital camera and comments regarding things that he had seen, boats and people he had met. It was a good habit and something he tried not to miss.
As was routine his final act, before putting his head down for the night, was to take Gyp out to do her business leash in one hand, plastic bag in the other. At sea she was trained to go on the foredeck; all he had to do was swill it off with a bucket of seawater. If conditions were a bit lumpy he would accompany her on deck, on her leash, to make sure she didn’t fall over the side. This night and for the first time he armed his new security system before going to bed.
The following morning he was up at 0600, shaved first thing which was not always the case and dressed in a golf shirt under an argyle sweater and a pair of dress pants. He looked at himself in the long mirror behind the head door. Makes a change from shorts and deck shoes he thought. Without thinking he climbed the companionway stairs and stepped into the cockpit. Jesus it was enough to awaken the dead. He’d forgotten to disarm the security system. The spreader lights blazed which really wasn’t a problem but the siren whooped like a banshee. At that time of the morning you could probably hear it all over downtown Victoria. He rushed below and hit the switch to turn the darn thing off.
He climbed off the boat with Gyp to take her for her morning constitutional. Several of his neighbors were in their cockpits wondering what was going on. He apologized profusely to each one as he passed their boat and made a mental note to call Victoria Marine and see if they could make some modifications. Jonny picked him up on time. George left Gyp with water in the cockpit together with one of the cockpit cushions, closed the gate in the rail, and headed down the dock to the car with his clubs over his shoulder.
“You’re sure about Gyp?” asked Jonny.
“Absolutely, I’ve left her before quite often. She’ll just curl up on the cushion and go back to sleep. She’s done that ever since she was a pup. If she has to ‘go”’she’ll do it up on the foredeck as though we were at sea. It’s strange because I never actually trained her to do that it’s as though she knows she can’t leave the boat unless I’m there. I trust her in this. It’s really not a problem.”
.
The drive out to Royal Colwood really wasn’t far. They chatted about golf in general. Jonny hadn’t realized that George’s handicap was so low. He told him about the various golf courses that were close by particularly Royal Vic and Olympic View which he thought to be perhaps one of the most spectacular courses in the country; that and Furry Creek over on the mainland. They turned off the highway opposite the entrance to the old Royal Roads.
“That used to be a military college,” said Jonny, “there used to be two in the country, Royal Roads and Kingston, bit like your Sandhurst, but the Roads was closed down quite a few years ago now. Kingston is still open though of course.”
“You sound a bit nostalgic,” said George.
“Yes I am a bit. I was sorry to see it close. I was there for four years before I was commissioned.”
The driveway up to the clubhouse was lined with Garry Oaks, the flower beds full of Azaleas and Rhododendrons.
“The course has been around since 1913,” said Jonny as they parked their car and opened up the trunk for one of the staff to retrieve their clubs. “It’s not that difficult a course, or even long for that matter, but it hasn’t changed since it was built. The trees are enormous, many of them over 500 years old. The wind is probably the biggest issue particularly if it’s coming in off the ocean.
It’s a very traditional club. They’re anal about dress code and behavior plus they really frown on the use of cell phones both in the clubhouse and on the course so please, either turn yours off or put it on vibrate. I’ve been a member here since I was at Royal Roads so that’s about twenty years I guess, it’s a bit like stepping back in time.”
The golf course lived up to Georges expectations. Playing off the back tees and with only two par fives and four par threes George shot a respectable 76 beating Jonny by two strokes. Many of the fairways were narrow and lined with huge Douglas firs. There seemed to be deer all over the place.
“Nice thing about most of the courses round here is that they’re open all year,” said Jonny as they walked off the 18th green, ” some of them and this one in particular, are just a riot of color in the spring as there are Azaleas and Rhodos all over the place. Guess I owe you lunch seeing as how you beat me. I’m going to head out to the parking lot and make a couple of calls. Change your shoes and grab a table in the dining room, I’ll meet you there.”
Fifteen minutes later Jonny joined him at a table overlooking the 18th.
“OK….I talked to my people about Adagio…..there is no record of them fuelling up between here and Tofino but they were seen going down the inside of Race Rocks by the service boat heading down the Straits. It struck them as a bit strange because the tide was running like crazy through there at that time and most people would have gone around the outside, at least it was a bigger Bayliner they didn’t get to see the name on the transom.” Jonny gazed thoughtfully out of the window. “I know this might sound a bit strange George because I haven’t known you too long but how would you like to give me a hand with this thing if there is a ‘thing’ to give me a hand with?”
“Sounds like you’ve been talking to the Commander in London,” said George laughing.
“Well I did mention it in passing. He did tell me you were still attached to his group at MI5, albeit a bit unofficially. He also said you still had a pretty high level of security clearance. He told me you could be a bit scary, that you employed a small army and didn’t mind spending money if you felt you had to.” He looked at George appraisingly as the waiter brought their main course.
“So much for having a private life,” said George, cutting into his steak and kidney pie “let’s put the record straight here. Yes I do still have a relationship with MI5, actually their anti-terrorist task force, although I’m not sure what that means anymore and, unless it’s been revoked, yes I do have security clearances on a ‘need to know’ basis. As for having a private army, I’m not sure that’s really the case. After I bought the security business I expanded into oil field exploration and drilling security. For some reason, Jonny, this grew without hardly any effort on my part, I suppose I was in the right place at the right time. As a result, as time went by, I had to hire staff. Well my only real contact had been the army so all the people I hired were either ex SAS Troopers or out of the 1st Parachute Regiment. It served two purposes; firstly many of these guys were like fish out of water once they retired secondly their background and experience, in many cases, met the needs of the client and my own expectations.
In every case, I have served with my line managers, primarily in either Borneo or Malaya. I trust them and they trust me. I look after them and they look after me. Other than my wife and my dogs I have no family…..so why not. You can’t take it with you.”
“I’m envious,” said Jonny, “sounds as though you have it made, the best of both worlds but how about giving me a hand?”
“If I did that Jen would have a complete hairy and anyway I’m not sure how I can help you anymore than I’m doing just now. She’ll be out here in about a week. My principal manager and best friend is flying in from Brunei to Hereford. As soon as he arrives and gets settled in Jen will fly out here and then we’ll decide exactly what we’re going to do. We might just cruise the coast up and around Desolation Sound or take a sail right round the Island. It’s kind of up to her. I don’t mind putting my nickel’s worth in, like I have been, but nothing more than that……sorry.”
“Ah well that’s OK, George, pretty much what I expected. Guess we should be pushing off, your dog will be wondering where the hell you are.”
.
As he walked down the steps from Government St to the causeway that ran around the inner harbour he paused and glanced at his watch. 1430 hours…..not too bad she’s been on her own for about five and a half hours; she’ll still be fast asleep.
He looked out across the docks and the harbour. The day had brightened up, the ‘Coho’ was taking on cars ready to leave for Port Angeles; a whale watcher was idling up the harbour full of tourists with high expectations. He could see that Adagio was still in her berth but couldn’t see any sign of activity. Usually the docks filled up during the morning and bustled with activity, today was no exception. Guitar music floated up from the causeway as one of the buskers worked at making a living. The breeze had picked up a bit and several halyards were clacking against masts. He hoped his was not one of them, it could get irritating after a while. He shouldered his golf clubs and walked down to his boat.
Gyp had gone! Her water bowl was still full in the cockpit. He quickly stowed his clubs and changed back into his customary shorts, tee shirt and deck shoes. Gyp was definitely not on the boat. What the hell….she’s never done this before he thought. Where the hell would she go and why? His heart took a lurch. He’d had her since she was a pup and had been his sole sailing companion ever since. Don’t start thinking the worst he thought let’s just get out there and find her.
He walked every dock and asked everyone he saw. Most of the folk, who had been berthed for more than a few days, knew him and Gyp by sight but no one had seen her. He walked over to the harbour master’s office. They hadn’t seen her either although they promised to keep an eye out. He really didn’t know anyone in Victoria other than Jonny so he called him.
“Jonny you working? I need a hand. Believe it or not Gyp has disappeared, that’s really unusual she’s never just wondered off.”
“I’ll be right over,” replied Jonny.
They decided to split up. Jonny took the woods the other side of Arbutus Way and George took Beacon Hill Park. They figured that if she just decided to go for a walk these were her favorite spots. Two hours later still no sign of her.
“I’m going to call Gary Stevens, he owes me. He can ask some of his buddies to keep an eye out. I’ll also have him call the pounds and give them her info.”
“She has a chip inserted in her neck,” said George, “she’s also wearing a collar with a bright red tag on that has her name and my cell phone number plus she’s carrying a rabies tag.”
“I’m going to keep looking,” said George, “thanks for your help. I’ll give you a call when she shows up.”
.
He looked until the sun started to set. As each hour passed his heart got heavier. He toured the docks yet again asking everyone he saw to no avail. He walked up Government St right up past the old Post Office…..no sign. He searched through the gardens behind the Empress….no sign. He walked out along the inner harbour as far as the Johnstone St Bridge….no sign.
Dinner time came and went but he wasn’t hungry. He just sat in the salon staring into space the silence not having any answers for him. He’d never had a dog until he retired and bought the small estate just outside of Hereford in England. Now he had Gyp and two other black labs back in England. Dogs were his constant companion. The boat seemed empty.
As the evening wore on the weight in the pit of his stomach got heavier and heavier. Where is she…..what is she doing? he thought. The ships clock chiming the bells on the half hour seemed to echo round the boat. George took a final tour around the docks now quiet. The boats lay in the yellow light of the dock lights, the silence occasionally broken by the clack of a halyard against an aluminum mast…….no sign of her.
He went back to the boat feeling an enormous sense of loss and emptiness. He set the alarm and went to bed. He lay there remembering the times spent with Gyp, teaching her to swim, the time she fell off the dock in the marina and nearly drowned when she was a pup. He wondered how many balls he’d thrown for her and what she was actually dreaming about when she would yip and twitch when she was fast asleep. He remembered how she would snore when she was asleep on one of the seats in the main salon and how she would occasionally open just one eye to make sure he was still there. Finally he fell into a troubled sleep.
The siren woke him up with a start. Shit, it’ll wake the entire marina, he thought. He lurched into the navigation area and hit the switch to silence the din. He reminded himself to call Victoria Marine in the morning as it was obviously too sensitive. He stood there and brushed away the cobwebs of sleep.
Gyp! She must have come back and set off the alarm. He opened the slider and climbed up the companionway steps into the cockpit. No dog in sight. Several cabin lights had gone on but he couldn’t see anyone. Doubtless one of the security guys from the harbour master’s office would be down shortly. He would have to apologize profusely…..might as well wait for him……no point in going back to bed. As he turned around he noticed a dark shape in the well of the cockpit. He hadn’t seen it originally as his eyes were not yet used to the gloom. He reached behind him onto the bulkhead at the side of the steps and flicked on the spreader lights from the small convenient panel he had had installed.
Gyp lay in the cockpit. He couldn’t see any blood neither could he see her head as it had been cut off. Her collar and leash lay on top of her. He bent down and touched her once glossy coat. She was cold and rigor had set in, she`d been dead for a while. He stood and looked down at her, tears in his eyes. He’d come up on deck pretty quickly and hadn`t seen anyone around. Obviously someone had approached in a dinghy and tossed her body and collar up into the cockpit. That`s what had set off the alarm. He wouldn`t have thought to look over there. The cabin lights were going off now as boaters settled back in their bunks……as he watched, the lights flicked off on Adagio.
He motored out of the harbour at first light, the exhaust burbling behind him in the silence of the morning. No one was up and about yet, the silence only broken by the odd gull and the water hissing by the hull as he headed out. Past all the boats with everyone still asleep, the fuel dock shut for now, past Barbs the fish and chip place on Fisherman`s Wharf still boarded up for the night, past the coastguard buildings, past the huge sign at the cruise ship terminal….`Welcome to Victoria`…for all to see. Victoria didn`t seem a very welcoming place to him.
He motored out past the breakwater, past a lone fisherman trying his luck before the harbour traffic stirred everything up. He set the bow at the green channel marker about half a mile out and let his anger overcome his grief. Once past the marker he flicked on his depth sounder. When he reached the 600’ mark he cut the engine letting the boat drift to a standstill. Out here, at this time, it was deathly quiet with a bit of a surface mist in patches around the boat. The boat was quiet, he could even hear the ticking of the ship`s clock on the main bulkhead below. He sighed.
He’d put Gyp`s body into a small sack which he’d been using to store spare chain. Into the sack he had added a squeaky toy she really liked and a blue rubber thing she had had for ever……indestructible that toy he thought. He had added to the sack a fifteen pound ball that was part of his downrigger gear he used for fishing. He slid the sack into the water, tears running down his face, started the diesel and turned the boat`s head back towards Victoria.
Back in his berth, the docks just coming to life, he sat in the cockpit, a coffee rapidly cooling in the mug in his hand. He let his anger simmer and his mind wander. Of course he didn`t know anything for sure, insofar as he didn`t have any evidence, but he knew who was responsible. Like most dog owners his attitude was simple…..mess with me all you like but don`t mess with my dog.
He needed to keep busy for a while so he decided to strip down the other primary winch and give it a grease job, by the time he finished it would be a more civilized hour to be calling Jonny Irvine.


Chapter 7
“OK, I’m in,” he said when Jonny answered the phone, “but there some conditions. It must be cleared with the Commander in London. It must be an official cooperation between the two services under the guise of an anti-terrorist action and you must allow me direct contact with your assets where appropriate. I guess what I’m saying is that I don’t want to have to go through you for everything.”
“What brought about the change of heart, George, and have you found Gyp?”
George explained all about Gyp with a lump in his throat. Jonny wasn’t too happy with what had brought George to this decision.
“I might be a bit concerned that you came to this decision out of anger,” he said carefully.
“Jonny,” he replied, “if I had the mind I would simply go over there, pound the shit out of them all, sink their bloody boat and sail off into the sunset and don’t think I’m not capable of it,” he said quietly.
“Actually I’m sure you could and would,” said Jonny, seriously, “let me see what I can do. I’m terribly sorry to hear about Gyp too. Chris will be upset; we’d been talking about getting another dog even with the cougars around. I’ll get back to you.”
 Next he called Jen in England.
“Sweetheart, sorry to wake you up in the middle of the night but you need to know what is going on,” he proceeded to tell her about Gyp and the arrangement he had suggested to Jonny Irvine. “It’s probably not going to go too far but it’ll serve to take my mind off Gyp and perhaps give me the opportunity to get back at whoever did it......within the law.”
“I know what your definition of ‘within the law’ means, “said Jennie, “just don’t go getting into any trouble or doing anything stupid, you’re not getting any younger you know.”
“Don’t worry, sweets, I’ll be a good boy,” he replied with a grim smile in his voice. “We might be here for a while though. You’ll love Victoria though and I’m sure you’ll like Jonny and his wife Chris. I’m going to open a bank account right now. I’ll e-mail you the info as soon as I have it so you’ll have it when you wake up. As soon as the banks are open over there I want you to go see Nesbitt at Lloyds and have him wire transfer some money out of the company’s account, I’ll let you know how much in an e-mail. OK?”
“Okey dokey,” said Jen, “I need to go into town anyway to make the travel arrangements as I’ve heard from Robbie; he’ll be here in a couple of days.”
“Fine,” he replied, “I need you to do something else too. I’m using the cell phone I bought over here so I don’t have my contact list. Get into the computer and e-mail me my complete contact list. I might need it. In the meantime give me Robbie’s phone number in Bandar I need to talk to him about something, see you soon, darling.”
“Robbie.....how’ve you been? no idea what the time is over there. If it’s the middle of the night I apologize.”
“Ay laddie,” Robbie’s Scottish burr came over the airwaves, “I’ll be in England in a couple of days, Jen’s been after me.”
“I know,” said George, “I was just talking to her. I’ve got something going on here and maybe you can help me out with something. I need a contact in Vancouver, Canada for something not exactly legal. I thought with your contacts you might be able to come up with something or someone to help me.”
“Ay I’m sure I can,” said Robbie, “I’ll get back to you as quick as I can.”
“Just e-mail the info to the boat Robbie, the address is baileysride@sailmail.com. Make no mention of anything just a name, address and phone number. I’ll talk to you once you’re in England.”
.
By now it was past lunch time and, not having had any dinner the previous night, he opted to take the dinghy up to Fisherman’s Wharf. He could kill two birds with one stone, he could go to Barb’s for some of the best fish and chips around and after he could walk up to Victoria Marine and arrange to make a change to the alarm system. On the way back his phone vibrated in his pocket.....Jonny.
“What’s up?” he said.
“We need to get together,” Jonny replied, “but at my office on the base this time. I’ll send a car for you in about half an hour if that works for you.”
An hour or so later sitting in the office with a CSIS pass hanging around his neck in a chain.
“All parties seem to be in agreement with what we’ve suggested. My own people gave me the most argument. They’re not too happy bringing in an outsider but I had my bosses talk to the Commander and he obviously convinced them, the caveat being that you’re not getting paid for it.”
“I don’t have a problem with that, “said George, “so where do we go from here?”
“Firstly I need you to sign the Canadian equivalent of the Official Secrets Act,” he said pushing a document across the desk, “and this is your identification, “ passing over a leather billfold.
“OK,” said George, “do you have a chart room? I have an idea, something to just run up the flagpole and see where it hangs.”
They were standing over a large scale chart of the Strait of Juan de Fuca, its approaches and the coast up to Tofino including the Broken Islands and Barkley Sound up to Port Alberni.
“You understand this is a just a hypothesis based on the assumption that these people are up to no good,” said George. “We know that that they didn’t re-fuel at a known dock on both the American and Canadian sides of the Straits. We also know that a Bayliner was seen heading out past Race Rocks. We also know her approximate range sooo, in actual fact, we know quite a lot.”
“So what’s your point?” said Jonny.
“I think that perhaps she met another boat,” said George quietly, “based on her fuel consumption and assuming she didn’t creep up the coast she went far enough to get into international waters and back!”
“I knew we brought you onboard for a reason,” said Jonny smiling.
“If that’s what she did,” said George, “she would have made a rendezvous round about here,” drawing a circle about 200 miles off Cape Flattery.
“Doesn’t help us though does it,” said Jonny, “we have no observations or witnesses. All we know is she went out and she came back.....sadly, if in fact that’s what she did, it’s not going to get us too far.”
“Not true Jonny,” said George, “we have a number of avenues we can trot down. If she met another vessel outside the 200 mile limit it was probably a freighter. Ever heard of AIS?” If not, it’s an acronym for ‘Automatic Identification System’. For quite some time it’s been maritime law that any vessel in excess of 300 tonnes carry the system, more to aid in traffic control than anything else. The system tracks the vessel through a GPS system and is pre-programmed with information concerning the vessel, its destination and, in some cases its proposed route. Normally the range is only forty or fifty miles as it’s a function of the height of the land based transmitter. However the antenna in Seattle stands up in the Olympic Mountains. I read somewhere that it’s about 5000’ up. If that’s the case it would easily reach out 200 miles. If I’m right it’s easy for us to approximate the time the Adagio would have been on station. We just have to look for a vessel that was round about there at the same time.”
“Well I’ll be damned,” said Jonny, “guess I’d better speak to Vance in Seattle.”


Chapter 8
He’d never really thought or realized just how pleasant was the south end of Vancouver Island. He sat in the back of the ‘company’ car as it whisked him along the Pat Bay Highway towards the ferry terminal at Swartz Bay. He passed Cordova Bay and Elk Lake where some of the Olympic rowing teams trained as the Uvic rowing centre was open all year......or so the driver told him. They came to Sidney in good time. The driver had told him that they didn’t have to be there really early as he was a ‘walk on’ not having a vehicle.......not yet anyway. He had the driver turn down Beacon Avenue into Sidney and had a quick look around Sidney Marina before heading on to Swartz Bay only another ten minutes down the road.
The car dropped him off at the ‘Walk On’ Passenger drop off point. He bought a one way ticket to Tsawwassen on the mainland and walked onto the Spirit of Vancouver one of the super modern car ferries of the BC Ferry Service.
He stood on the upper deck of the ferry as she pulled out of the dock. He knew that the first part of the trip was spectacular as the huge ferry worked her way through the islands slowly making for the Georgia Strait. Not so slowly he thought, she must be doing eighteen to twenty knots easily. They passed Beaver Point off to port on Saltspring then North Pender to starboard. Finally they entered Active Pass with Galiano on one side and Mayne Island on the other. He remembered seeing the killer whales when he came through here in his own boat.......him and Gyp, his throat constricted as he thought about her. Finally they broke out of the grip of the islands and steamed across the Georgia St to the terminal in Tsawwassen on the other side where hopefully he was going to be met.
Money certainly has its uses he thought as he was met in the arrivals lounge by a representative of Prestige Car Rentals. He signed all the necessary papers and was led out to the brand new, silver grey, turbocharged Range Rover. The well dressed gentleman declined his offer of a lift into town as he already had a ride. He handed George the keys with the information that the two week rental could be renewed with a phone call and not to worry about the vehicle, he would arrange to have it picked up in Victoria when he was done with it. The service that money can buy he thought to himself, smelling the leather.
Before he left the parking lot he acclimatized himself to the amenities of the luxury vehicle. It was nearly identical to the one he owned in England except this was a bit newer and the navigation system was different. He keyed in the address supplied by Robbie by e-mail and pulled out of the parking lot.
Following the sign posts to Vancouver he passed through the Fraser Tunnel and took the Knight St Bridge across the north arm of the river. Now, relying on the GPS, he followed the instructions into Burnaby. As he drew closer he noted all the signs, particularly store signs that were in Vietnamese. Trust Robbie he thought to himself. He slowly drove past the address provided which looked like a pretty expensive high rise condo. He quartered the whole area for about three blocks in every direction looking for any impediments in case he had to get out in a hurry, better safe than sorry, and parked in a small strip mall no more than a hundred yards from the high rise. Going into a convenience store he had noticed, he bought a cheap, basic cell phone and just $10 of air time. Walking over to a park he sat on a bench and dialed the number Robbie had sent.
“Hector Pan,” answered a cultured voice.
“Peter Brenner,” he replied, “Robbie said to call you.”
“Ah yes Mr Brenner and how may I help you,” the cultured but now wary voice.
“Right now I’m looking at your apartment Mr Pan, what I’d like you to do, if not inconvenient, is as follows: Drive to Swangard Stadium in Central Park at the intersection of Boundary and Kingsway. Park in the parking lot at the south end of the stadium somewhere in the middle of the lot and stand by the trunk of your car. Come alone, I will meet you there”.
.
He hung up, walked over to the Range Rover and quickly drove over to Central Park. He found somewhere to park on Jersey, walked over to the park and took up a position in the trees bordering the parking lot. There was no one there but he’d been pretty quick. After about fifteen minutes a black 5 Series BMW drove slowly into the lot and parked in the middle. George patiently stayed in the trees waiting. Shortly a middle aged Asian climbed out of the car and, leaning up against the trunk, lit a cigarette. He did not look around or seem impatient in any way. George quartered through the trees and left their cover only when he was in the peripheral vision of his target. He quietly approached the gentleman on his rubber soles.
“Hello Mr Brenner,” the man said without turning his head, “Robbie said you were careful.” He turned offering his hand. George shook the hand making note of the steely grip. “How is my friend Robbie, I haven’t seen him for so long?” The man was well dressed, even urbane, and seemed totally at ease which indicated he probably had company.
George smiled. “Tell your friends to make themselves visible immediately,” he just stood there and waited. The man waved his hand impatiently and two men stepped out of the shadows over by the stadium.
“Tell them to go away,” George said. The man called out something in an Asian language and the two disappeared.
“In answer to your question Robbie is very well. He’s currently in the Gulf but he will be in England shortly.”
“I’m pleased to hear that and so is my wife. We owe him. How may I help you Mr Brenner?”
“Robbie tells me you can get me anything although he did say a nuclear warhead might take you some time.” The man nodded his head in understanding.
“I need a couple of guns,” the man waited patiently. “I need a Sig Sauer P250 in 9mm with four boxes of hollow point. I also need a shotgun, 12 gauge, a Winchester Marine, the stainless one, with four boxes of shells, two Buckshot and 2 in Number 6 or 7 I don’t care which. I also need a Bianchi shoulder holster for the Sig, I’m right handed. The difficult part is I need a silencer for the Sig.”
The man stood still staring at the ground, “Robbie said to help you. What you want is very expensive particularly the silencer; that will cost more than the pistol itself. In total you’re looking at a total of $3000. I said they would be expensive and I’m not making any money on it, Robbie would be angry.”
“That is acceptable to me Mr Pan, if that is your name. I will give you a $1000 bonus if you can fulfill the order by noon tomorrow. I will call you at the number I called before at 1100 hundred hours,” he handed the man an envelope, “$2000 in the envelope the balance on delivery. Come alone next time, if not I’m gone and I will see to it that Robbie is indeed angry.” He smiled and walked away disappearing into the trees.
The following day he sat in the car waiting in the same parking lot. He’d spent a very nice evening in Vancouver eating down by Coal Harbour, dock crawling the entire area and staying at the Bayshore. So far everything seemed to be going OK. The black BMW pulled into the lot and parked alongside. Mr. Pan got out and opened the trunk waving George over. George inspected the merchandise noting that the Sig was brand new with a night sight. He screwed on the silencer and felt the balance. He worked the actions of both the Sig and the shotgun. He opened up the boxes of shells and checked out the Bianchi. He transferred the items to the Range Rover and paid the balance of the money.
.
“First class merchandise,” Mr Pan said, “for my friend Robbie I could do nothing else.” He looked carefully at George, “allow me to say that if I can help you in any other way in the future do not hesitate to call. I am quite influential in my chosen fields of endeavor,” he said smiling “it’s not Robbie’s dissatisfaction that I choose not to engender but rather that of his boss Mr Brenner or should I say Mr.Mudd.......Mr George Mudd. I bid you good day....by the way my name really is Mr Pan.....my friends call me Hector.” He got into his car laughing quietly to himself and drove out of the lot.
On the ferry, on the way back, searching for the whales as they went through Active Pass he took the cheap cell phone bought in Burnaby and tossed it into the sea.


Chapter 9
“How was your trip to Vancouver?” He was sitting in Jonny’s office. He hadn’t needed a visitors pass this time his identification opened all the doors to him.
“I picked up a nice car there. It looks as though I might be here for a while so I thought it best I have transport. My company’s going to pick up the tab anyway. Same sort of car I have in England except this one is new and turbo charged, think I’ll trade mine in when I get home.”
They were making small talk waiting for Harry Vance who was coming over this morning on the Fast Ferry from Seattle. Apparently he came over pretty regularly. He liked Victoria, it gave him a bit of a break and he liked the odd game of golf with Jonny. He was shown in by the Duty Petty Officer. Typical American thought George, neat Brooks Bros suit, button down shirt and polished Cordovans, he even looked like a spook. Johnny introduced him and they all sat down round a small conference table. Vance opened the conversation.
“Stroke of brilliance getting us to look at the AIS, whose idea was that? sort of a rhetorical question really. You were right Johnny about the Seattle antennas; they’re at about 5000’ and have a good reach. Although the AIS is in the public domain you’d probably have never found it. We were able to isolate traffic solely picked up by the Seattle antenna…….narrowed down the field considerably and I think we have something of interest for you.” He took his laptop out of the bag he had with him and logged on. “The AIS can be accessed through marinetraffic.com,” he said, “however I’ve downloaded information from our site for one vessel…..here take a look.”
The screen showed the coast of British Columbia and Washington State from Tofino in the north to Seattle in the south and several hundred miles out to sea. A yellow, numbered track showed a vessel approaching the coast, rounding Cape Flattery and heading down the Straits of Juan de Fuca in the inbound lane.
“You’re looking at the Glen Monarch a relatively modern freighter of about 20,000 tons. This particular voyage originated in Hong Kong, picked up extra cargo in Manila, her final destination being Vancouver which is where she is now. What is of particular interest to both of us is the fact that at 47 North 128 West she stopped,  dead in the water for approximately two hours, then continued on her way.” Jonny stepped out of the office and came back in a few minutes with the chart he and George had been looking at a few days before. Laying it on the table he took a pair of parallel rules and marked the position Vance had referred to.
“Well I’ll be damned,” he said……the position fell right in the middle of the circle George had drawn on the other chart…..the position where he thought the Adagio might have made rendezvous.
.
Hamish MacDonald sat in his private quarters. By most freighter standards they were quite sumptuous. He had his own living room with a dining nook, a bedroom and a private washroom all on the level directly below the bridge with windows looking forward over the expanse of deck. Over his desk in the corner he had repeaters showing the course and speed of the freighter together with a brass clock and barometer. The whole area was broadloomed and furnished tastefully, better than his home in Glasgow he thought, smiling ruefully. He looked out now. It had stopped raining but still overcast. All the hatches were open the cranes stark against the grey sky. He expected her to be completely unloaded within the next four or five hours. That was the problem with general cargo he thought, it always takes so long to handle and time means money in the shipping business. The terminal would be on to him soon asking him to vacate the berth.
He was in the Fraser Surrey Docks on the south arm of the Fraser River. It was a huge,  multi-purpose marine terminal well south of Vancouver. The pilots had brought them in seemingly without effort, the tugs nudging him in against the strong river current. He still didn’t have a bosun although he’d spoken to the union office as soon as they made landfall claiming that Azimov had had to leave the ship the moment they landed. He would need a full crew, particularly a bosun. He was scheduled to head down to San Francisco in ballast. He would pick up cargo there with his destination being Lima, Peru. If the union didn’t find him a bosun soon he would either have to sail without one or sit in English Bay for a day or two whilst one was found. The trouble with that is that it is prohibitively expensive.
.
He looked out of the rain streaked windows feeling gloomy. He was in his mid sixties now having spent a lifetime on the high seas. He’d spoken to his sister in Glasgow as soon as they had landed. His daughter was no better and nothing had been heard from the National health Authorities. What he had done beyond Cape Flattery invaded his whole being like a virus. He considered talking to immigration or customs and just owning up. He thought about retiring right now, walking off his ship and flying back to the UK. He thought about the money sitting in that Bahamian bank, the money that meant life for his daughter……it was a no brainer!
He put on his bridge jacket and climbed the private staircase to the bridge. The ship was quiet now save for the distant humming of the generators and the periodic whine of a crane lifting another net of general cargo out of a hold. ‘General cargo’……… he wondered what the hell he’d been carrying and offloaded onto the big white cruiser. He wondered what the hell he’d managed to get himself into. He sat in one of the bridge chairs and punched up the navigation system on the ships computers. He quickly worked out a route and distance to San Francisco. It would take about sixty hours steaming. He could anticipate being at the freight terminal another couple of days then another day to get into international waters en route to Peru. He was still vulnerable in either Canadian or American waters for at least five days once he had left Vancouver. He didn’t like the feeling.
.
George, Jonny and Vance sat staring at the chart each lost in their own thoughts.
“OK,” said Jonny, “if they did, in fact, rendezvous out there they were either delivering something or picking something up. Not sure I buy the ‘delivering something’ notion as they were so close to Vancouver so let’s assume they took something off the ship. What are the possibilities? obviously something of value as the risk was considerable so we’re looking at either drugs, guns or people…….or any combination of the above.”
“It’s interesting,” said George “if they hadn’t drawn attention to themselves we wouldn’t be sitting here now. The Adagio ‘lands’ on Canadian soil, apparently legitimately, which happens all the time. They’re here for the fishing as are hundreds of boats all the time……..perfectly normal, they can come and go as they please. They could run out there and back into Victoria without anyone questioning what’s going on. The only problem they would have in a busy dock or marina would be unloading their cargo without it looking suspicious…….less difficult if it were people…they could just walk off. Bit scary really!” Jonny stood up and helped himself to a coffee
“Just before you guys arrived I got some information on the body you snagged George. Whether or not these incidents are linked is a matter of conjecture but you know what they say about coincidence. Photos, prints and dental work were put out on the international net specifically the agencies here in Canada, your people Harry in the US, MI5 in England and Interpol in Europe who as you know would disseminate the info through all their member nations. The info came back to us from Interpol.
His name is Ramazanov. He’s Ukrainian by birth, he was employed by the KGB until the breakup of the Soviet Union at which time he went into business on his own, probably with the Russian Mafia. He was arrested and did time in the Vladimir Central Prison which is just east of Moscow. He was released just two years ago and disappeared.”
“That accounts for the tattoos then,” said George, “however there is a bit of a link unless you believe in incredible coincidences in Victoria. The guy I had ‘words’ with on the Adagio the other day had prison tattoos on his arm. They’re pretty easy to identify if you know what you’re looking for. I don’t mean the interpretation of the tattoos themselves, rather the fact that they are in fact prison tattoos. They’re invariably pale blue in color and invariably a little blurred. The reason is that their application is banned so they don’t have the proper equipment. They usually use a sharpened guitar sting attached to an electric razor would you believe.”
.
Harry Vance pulled his eyes off the screen he’d been staring at as though he’d reached a decision.
“I know we all work under the same protocols of business and budgets but I’m of the opinion that we have enough here to put together an inter-agency task force to determine exactly what these people are up to. We need to quickly put together a ‘paper’ describing the proposed operation and get it upstairs for approval.” He started typing into his laptop.
“I’m suggesting that the task force include members from CSIS, Homeland Security in the United States and MI5 in Great Britain. I suggest that Major Irvine head up the task force as the threat, for the time being, is in Canada. We need this to be fast tracked as, in my opinion, we need eyes on the Adagio, her crew and the Glen Monarch. The ‘paper’ should describe our suspicions in broad brush strokes but I’ll leave that to you guys. We’ll need a code name for the operation.”
“How about ‘Operation Gypsy’?” said George. Vance’s eyebrows went up questioningly.
“That’s apt and fine with me,” said Jonny nodding at Harry Vance.


Chapter 10
“Vance seems like a competent chap,” said George. He and Jonny were sitting in the cockpit under the awning that evening having just delivered Harry to the Fast Ferry terminal that would whisk him back to Seattle. Jonny took a sip of beer from the can.
“I’ve worked with him several times before. Like I said before, here we need a close working relationship with Homeland Security and eventually it comes down to personal relationships. Some of the agencies over here are so territorial and protective of their own information that it ends up being an impediment. We can’t afford that here. Everything here is so close, Washington State, the Gulf Islands, pleasure craft going backwards and forwards every hour of every day. Luckily Harry sees that. He also cares. Net result……..we work well together. He, in turn, is lucky……his bosses recognize that also.”
“So where do we go from here?” asked George.
“Some basic police work I think,” said Jonny. “Harry is generating a list of all the stolen boats on the west coast over the last three months so we need to get the serial number off the Bayliner. Once we can prove it was stolen we can hold them at the request of the Americans. I want you to go over to the mainland and interview the skipper of the Glen Monarch. He has to be in on it…….whatever ‘it’ is. You can’t just stop a 20,000 ton freighter without everyone knowing about it and what about the officers and crew? I need you to think of a way of holding her in Canadian waters so as we can finish our investigation. My principle concern is how do we keep eyes on the Adagio if she leaves the harbour. You can’t just ‘tail’ a boat. Bit of a problem that one. Don’t bother driving over to the mainland take the Helijet from just over there, nodding up the harbour in the direction of the cruise ship terminal, “they have a service right into Vancouver International and we have an account with them, just show them your ID. Someone will meet you there,  just give me your schedule. In the meantime I’m going to talk to the Commander in London. There’s something I want him to do.”
“What are your contacts like in the RCMP,” said George, “good enough to get me picked up by a uniformed car and officer?”
.
The Commander sat in the back of the Jag as they crossed Tower Bridge heading for the Docklands in the East End of London. When it’s sunny and clear London can be a beautiful city he thought to himself, looking down at the Thames and at the warship berthed just upstream from the bridge.
His driver turned right on Cable St and drove into Limehouse. This area took a beating during the war, he thought, now it’s being re-developed yet again. This used to be the real East End of London now it doesn’t look so bad. They pulled up in front of a relatively new office building on Jardine Road in the heart of the old docklands. The Commander stepped out of the car, straightened his Burberry and looked at the directory at the entrance.
‘Break Bulk Marine Management’ was on the fifth floor.
.
“Good morning. I have an appointment with Mr O’Brian. My name is Reggie Harrison, I’m with I.R.A.C.,” he said, proffering a business card,” I called yesterday.” The girl ushered him into a pleasant office overlooking the street. He could see the Jag and his driver grabbing a quick smoke leaning against the bonnet.
O’Brian was about 6’ in his mid forties. He’d been standing by a window and walked over to greet the Commander. He had an athletic walk that went with his deep tan and crew cut………ex-military. The Commander recognized the accent….Falls Road, Belfast….thick as they come.
“I’m not really sure that I know what IRAC is,” said O’Brian leaning back in his chair, “and I’ve been in the maritime agency business most of my life.”
“We’ve been in existence for quite some time now,” said the Commander smiling, “we’re a multi-national group funded by both governments and major maritime carriers established to monitor risk at sea. We assemble maritime traffic data and provide it to both governments and underwriters…..for a fee of course,” laughing.
“We coordinate with thirty two member nations and their traffic control groups. Any sort of anomalies or hiccups the relative traffic control group gets in touch with us and asks us to try and clarify the situation. Of course today with GPS, AIS and in some cases satellite observation my job gets less and less tedious as time goes by. Damn technology is liable to put me out of a job eventually,” he said smiling ruefully.
“And how can we help you?” asked O’Brian smiling with his mouth but not his eyes.
“We were contacted by one of the Traffic Service Control Centers on the west coast of Canada concerning the Glen Monarch. Our records indicate that you’re the agent for the ship. The control center was concerned that their systems indicated that the ship came to a standstill off the west coast of Vancouver Island and held station for approximately two hours before continuing on to the Fraser Surrey Dock Terminal in Vancouver. In cases like that IRAC talks to everyone, as it is protocol, just to keep the records straight. Of course today nearly all carriers have their own private GPS Systems; even the truckers have it to monitor the location of trucks, so we’re assuming you would be aware of this incident.”
“We’re the agents for a number of independently owned break bulk carriers,” said O’Brian in his thick brogue, “just let me take a looksee at the file.” He keyed the keyboard in front of him on the desk and studied the screen. “Ah yes…the Captain reported that they had a suspect bearing on the port driveshaft, the Chief Engineer requested they temporarily shut down before entering the traffic lanes. It turned out that one of the automatic lubricating systems was faulty. They were able to fix it and continue on their merry way….pretty routine stuff I would say.”
“Great,” said the Commander making notes in a notebook, “that’s really all I need to know….just routine. Just to confirm, the Captain’s name is MacDougal….right? he bin with the ship long?”
“Actually his name is MacDonald….Hamish MacDonald. He’s been with the Monarch ever since she was launched; he’s close to retirement now. He has an accent thicker than mine,” he said laughing,” except he’s from Glasgow.”
.
The Commander got back into the back seat of the Jag and the driver pulled out into the traffic to head back to Thames House, MI5’s operational center. Did you ever hear so much bullshit, thought the Commander? George almost had me convinced that the IRAC exists. If O’Brian calls the number on the business card it will be answered at Thames House with the appropriate responses. Don’t see any problems but we should do a complete work up on our Mr. O’Brian he doesn’t look the part.
O’Brian watched the Jag and driver pull away from the curb. Not a bad rig for a guy like that he thought, driver too……bit strange as he made note of the plate number.
Back at the office the Commander called in Steve Knight who headed up Section “D.”
“I’ve been sniffing around an Irish bloke called Padraig O’Brian; he’s the Managing Director of an outfit down in the east end called Break Bulk Maritime Management on Jardine Road. I’d like you to dig into his past, he smells funny!!”
.
That same day, allowing for the time difference, George was met at Vancouver International Airport by an RCMP sergeant driving a blue and white marked car. He’d just flown in on the Sikorsky owned by Helijet. What a great way to travel he thought, beats the very hell out of the Hueys and Whirlwinds we used in Borneo and Malaya. The trip had only taken about forty five minutes instead of the half day you would have to allow if you used your own car and the ferries. The views had been unbelievable providing a totally different perspective of the islands and their communities. He looked forward to the trip back hoping he could do it in daylight. He sat up front with the sergeant and read off the directions he’d downloaded off the internet.
“We’re going to the Fraser Surrey Freight Terminal on River road,” he said, just take Hwy 99 to 91 South, cross over the Fraser bridge then exit onto River Road don’t see how we can miss it....... the place is huge.”
After only about half an hour the car pulled up to a large chain link gate controlled by a security guard. On seeing the Mountie vehicle he opened the gate. After consulting his computer in the gatehouse he directed them to Yard Area 9, Berth 9 the Glen Monarch. Arriving at the freighter George instructed the driver to stay with the car but remain visible at the foot of the companionway steps that led up to the deck. He looked up; this thing’s huge he said to himself, gotta be twenty five feet just to the deck then you have another four stories of the superstructure. Looks like she’s about 300’ or so, clean too as he climbed the stairs. On arriving at the deck he was met by a seaman who rapidly spoke into a house phone cradled by the gate. He was shown up two floors then the seaman knocked on a highly polished door and left him there.
“Come in there laddie,” he pushed open the door and walked into the Captains’ quarters. A squat, ruddy faced man strode across the carpet hand outstretched, “I’m MacDonald come in and sit down. Take your coat off and make yoursel at hame,” his accent was thick Scottish. He sat down and looked around.
“George Mudd,” he said, “I’m amazed. I’m not sure what I expected for Captain’s Quarters on a freighter, certainly not this. This is nicer than many homes I’ve been in.”
“Ay laddie you’re quite right. It’s nicer than my hame in Glasgow but then I spend most of my life here. I only get back to Scotland every now and again on top of that I don’t have to pay for it…….complements of the company,” he said smiling. “You’ve never been on a sea going freighter then laddie?” he asked his blue eyes twinkling.
“No I’m into small boats myself. I have a forty two footer over in Victoria, living on it just now.”
“Not my thing at all, “said MacDonald, “I like the idea of a few thousand tons beneath my feet mesel. I can hear that ye’s from south of the border not that I’ll hold that against ye,” laughing, “would ye like a wee dram laddie?” walking over to a cabinet, “I have a small selection of single malt which you might not find surprising,” laughing again.
“Do you have Bowmore?” asked George.
“A man of taste,” cried MacDonald, “I most certainly do,” pouring a generous measure into a heavy, crystal glass, “bring that with you I’ll show you the bridge.” They climbed up the one flight of private stairs and entered the bridge area.
“Ye Gods,” said George, “it’s like a 747 up here. There’s no wheel,” he said questioningly.
“Aye laddie, freighters today, at least the ones that are not too old are mainly state of the art. The Monarch uses ‘fly by wire’ technology so instead of a wheel we use that little joystick there. Those other joysticks are for the thrusters. The only change I made was that I installed a more old fashioned telegraph system rather than have direct throttle control from up here……felt too much like driving a little power boat. What gets me though are the navigational systems we have today. I’ve been at sea over forty years. We used to have to use a sextant and plot everything on charts. I still do from time to time just to keep my hand in so to speak. You never know when one of these systems is going to quit although we have built in redundancy. Today everything is electronic. It’s so accurate you could almost dock the Monarch just using the GPS.”
.
George liked this man, virtually on sight. He was bluff and hearty but obviously a good seaman and intensely proud of his ship, if what he had seen of her so far meant anything,  the whole vessel was spotless and in good working order.
“What sort of crew do you carry?” he asked.
“Well, under normal conditions, there’s mesel of course, a 1st Officer, a Chief Engineer, a bosun and a crew of about twenty. Years ago we would have been a lot more top heavy but the technology and the economy, to some extent, precludes that sort of thing. We would have had a quartermaster, a purser, maybe a second officer but not anymore.” MacDonald walked out onto the bridge wing overlooking the dockside George following, he looked down at the dock.
“Mounties laddie….must be serious,” he said quietly, his stomach fluttering.
“Why don’t we talk up here,” said George settling into one of the comfortable helmsman chairs and swinging it to face MacDonald. “As you know Captain, Traffic Control Services all over the world use the AIS system to control traffic in the lanes and congested traffic areas, it’s used almost like air traffic control at airports. The problem that plagues it, which no one has been able to overcome yet, is its range. Normally it’s only forty to fifty miles which, the majority of the time, is more than adequate……particularly around here,” he said smiling. MacDonald had sat down in the other chair and was fidgeting with one of the joysticks.
“However there is a bit of an anomaly around here, the AIS system in Seattle has its antenna in the mountains high enough to give it a range of over 200 miles.” MacDonald’s heart began to pound.
“The Glen Monarch, Captain, en route from Manila to Vancouver hove to at 47 North 128 West and maintained station for about two hours then continued on her way can you tell me why?”
“I certainly can laddie,” replied MacDonald, “we had a main shaft overheating and we were required to do some maintenance on an automatic grease pump. My decision was if we could do it out at sea outside of the traffic lanes it would be safer rather than enter the approaches and the Straits of Juan de Fuca on one engine.”
“Sounds reasonable to me,” said George, “good seamanship too.” MacDonald smiled and took another sip of his Bowmore that he’d been nursing. “Your engineering officer would support this of course?”
“Aye of course he would,” replied the Captain
“Then I don’t need to speak to him do I? Do you mind if I take a look at the crew roster please Captain MacDonald?” After leafing through the binder, “quite the mish mash of nationalities here,” he said “but I expect that’s normal in this industry. Do freighters still have a black gang?”
“Yes we do but there’s only two of them plus the engineer of course. We still call them the black gang too…….just tradition…….stems from having stokers on coal burning vessels.”
“Can you point them out to me on the roster please?”
“This one, this Jurangpati, is he Malay? Is the crew on board now?
“We’re fully crewed now except that I’m missing a bosun. I either leave without one or move over into English Bay whilst the union office finds me one. Our next stop is Lima, Peru via San Francisco for cargo.”
“I’d like to see this Jurangpati if I may, can we have him sent up?”
.
He was a middle aged man, quite big, for a Malay,  in clean, dark blue overalls, runners on his feet. His hands and finger nails were clean, which seemed strange to George and his eyes were challenging rather than downcast and looking at the floor which he would have expected being with the Captain. George addressed him in Malay, much to the man’s amazement.
“You are Malay. You see that I speak your language fluently as I used to live there. I work for the government here and I have a simple question for you. If I think you’re lying I will have you arrested immediately and questioned by my friends then you will spend the next few years in jail here after which you will be deported to Singapore. Do you understand?” his head nodded in understanding as he paled under his tan. MacDonald looked on, stone faced, the twinkle gone out of his eye. “My question is this……..before you docked in Vancouver this ship came to a standstill for two hours, you remember that? again the nod of the head. “Did you repair a pump, was there anything wrong at all?” he looked him in the eyes trying to be as stern as he could possibly be.”
“No Tuan,” he replied in Malay, “there was nothing wrong. We received a telegraph signal to all stop……so we did.”
“Thank you that’s all I wanted to know you may leave now,” giving the man the customary bow with his palms pressed together. He turned to MacDonald, “why don’t we go back to your quarters and you can tell me what is really going on?” MacDonald took another look out of the bridge window although he couldn’t see the Mountie from where he was standing.
“You’re not with Traffic Control Services are you?” he said.
“No I’m not!”


Chapter 11
It was late evening on the base at Esquimault. Jonny, George and Harry Vance were meeting again but had picked a time when they could conference in the Commander in London. Jonny called the meeting to order and made sure The Commander was connected.
“We’ve made a lot of progress in a short space of time but up to now the bad guys have not been alerted. There is every possibility they have guessed there’s something up but, of course, you never know, our luck might continue, after all we stumbled on it through luck….or George’s nose for trouble,” smiling around the table. “The Glen Monarch has been quarantined in Vancouver together with the entire crew, apparently there’s some sort of infectious disease aboard she’s not going anywhere for a while. The Captain, for certain considerations, has implicated O’Brian in London, Azimov his bosun or should I say his ex-bosun plus the Adagio and its crew. Concerning that crew he knows as much as we do although George is suggesting we do a background check on one Jurangpati who works in the engine room. We also have proof that the Adagio was stolen, she disappeared from Everett, Washington a few weeks ago.
The Commander is doing a work up on O’Brian out of London which should be finished shortly.
We have proof of human smuggling with reference the two passengers taken off the freighter, we have proof of boat theft, international transportation of stolen goods and both we and the Americans have proof of illegal entry. We actually have enough to arrest them all and lock ‘em up but there is obviously a lot more to this, coupled with the fact that MacDonald tells us the Adagio took off at least six crates. What was in them and where are they?
Our plan going forward is as follows: We need more information or we can end up in this card game missing a few cards. Once we have the information we need we can decide how to push some buttons to get them to react.
It’s important we know the identity of the two passengers and the missing bosun. With that in mind we are currently dusting the cabin occupied by the passengers plus the bosun’s quarters. We will then fingerprint the entire crew including the officers and the captain and through exclusion will put the remaining prints out on the air as we did with Ramazanov. It’s a bit cumbersome but we might get something out of it.
The Commander has authorized taps on all O’Brian’s phones, office, home and mobile as he is in it up to his neck…..of course we still don’t know what ‘it’ is……we’ll get there though.
The problem is the Adagio and I’m open to any suggestions. We can’t tail her without being spotted. We could follow her using radar but that really doesn’t give us eyes on her which is what we need. If she moves we’re dead!”
“There’s a chance I can help with this,” said Harry, “but I’d have to kick it upstairs, maybe all the way. The issue then becomes one of security, there’s a lot of wagging tongues as you move up the ladder. It’s rarely the Military or Security Services it’s usually the politicians once you have to get oversight committees involved. They’re always trying to score……usually at the expense of a perfectly good project……or in this instance…Operation Gypsy.
What I’m going to suggest is we try and task a reconnaissance satellite to the operation. This would give us eyes on like they were in a movie. We might not even have to move one but it might be worth the effort. If we can end up with one in a geo-synchronous position we have eyes 24/7.”
“That’s a great idea Harry,” said the hollow voice of the Commander out of the speaker on the table, “but maybe I should follow that up at this end too after all you’re not the only people with recce satellites. Maybe between the two of us we have one that doesn’t have to be moved. If we don’t have to move one we don’t have to kick it upstairs.”
“OK,” said Jonny, “let’s go with that for the time being. In the meantime I’m going to put eyes on the Adagio whilst she’s in Victoria. We need to know if she moves and we need to keep an eye on the people.”
.
Half an hour later George was sitting in the salon on Bailey’s Ride. He’d almost forgotten that his original plan had been to sail to Hawaii, meet Jen and then do whatever. Somehow he’d gotten himself involved in something that might end up dangerous…….he looked at the bowls on the floor and remembered why……so be it. He just hoped that Jen would understand. She was arriving tomorrow, taking the Helijet from Vancouver International rather than Harbour Air…..it was more convenient.
He had the Sig stripped down on the cabin table. It was obviously brand new but he’d never even shot it. Jen didn’t get in tomorrow until early afternoon. If he left early enough he could head out in the boat with a bunch of cans and sight in the handgun. If he used the silencer there wouldn’t be any noise. He wasn’t concerned about the firing the shotgun. His only concern there was where to stow it so it was out of sight. He thought about his golf game with Jonny, he should have asked Jen to bring her clubs but it was too late now…he could always rent her some.  Golf clubs……that’s it. He pulled the golf bag out from under the vee berth where he had jammed it up against the new fuel tank. He took out his three wood and one of the hybrids and slid the shotgun into the space…….perfect! He’d put the clubs in the Land Rover in the morning.
He thought about Jen. He hoped he wasn’t bringing her into harm’s way. He’d talk to her once she was settled. They didn’t have to stay here. Nothing was stopping them from pushing off and disappearing over the horizon. Jeez….he’d almost forgotten……Victoria Marine was coming over late in the morning to make the modifications he had suggested. Well if he left early enough he could probably get everything in. He went to bed without setting the alarm. He had no intention of waking up all the docks again. He missed fighting with Gyp for the covers and the pillows. Ah well….tomorrow he would be rolling about with Jen…….about bloody time, he’d almost forgotten what it was like.
.
He woke early the next morning, it wasn’t even light. Starting the diesel seemed to shatter the silence of the early morning. He quickly slipped off his lines and motored out into the harbour following the course he had taken with Gyp on her last short voyage. Once clear of the breakwater he set a course that would well clear the green marker that marked the edge of the sandbank and set the autopilot. He quickly slipped below and put the coffee pot on. Whilst it was perking he fitted the Bianchi shoulder holster made the various adjustments, slipped the Sig in and wore it around the boat to get used to the weight; half an hour later he was about four miles off the land the street lights still shining as the dawn came over the eastern horizon.
The night before he had scrounged a couple of dozen aluminum pop cans out of the recycling bins on the docks, cutting the engine he allowed his boat to come to a standstill. Keeping the boat parallel to the shore he threw a couple of cans over the side and let them drift until they were about ten yards away. He drew the Sig, screwed on the silencer and with a two handed stance fired at the first one. The gun shot high and to the right. He made the necessary adjustments and over the next hour consumed a complete box of ammunition testing the gun at different ranges and with different stances.
He was amazed at the efficiency of the silencer he doubted that you could hear it at all beyond twenty feet even at that it would probably be the slap of the slider that could be heard rather than the shot itself. He reloaded the clip with the standard seventeen rounds leaving the chamber empty as a safety precaution and re-inserted it into the Bianchi. The gun was quite heavy even unloaded and a little bulky at eight inches long but he preferred the full size because of the magazine capacity it provided.
.
He wore it around the boat on the way back to the harbor to get used to the bulk and the weight of it. He even slipped on a foul weather jacket and looked at himself in the mirror below……it was indiscernible. He spent the rest of the morning cleaning up the boat and chatting to people berthed on the same dock. Towards lunchtime the techy showed up from Victoria Marine Electronics. They had built a modular switch that allowed him to manually take the siren out of the system while leaving the rest of the system live which made a lot more sense.
.
With plenty of time to spare, he retrieved the Range Rover from the parking up behind the museum, tossed the two golf clubs in the back and drove around to the Heliport……a mere five minutes. He was very early but impatient to see her. He stood outside straining to hear the clattering of the choppers rotors as it closed with the yellow target on the concrete apron. Finally his patience was rewarded and the big blue Sikorsky settled to the tarmac like a huge, ungainly grasshopper. She came down the steps after having to duck to get through the door. She’d cut her hair a little shorter than normal which suited her. She’d obviously spent some time in the sun as all her freckles were out over the bridge of her nose. She waved and then waited while an attendant retrieved her one large holdall from the baggage area. Walking over, with her swinging athletic gait, she threw her arms around him said,
“Hello sailor” and everything was good again.
“Nice car,” she said with her West Country burr, “bloody expensive, turbo too I see, did we buy it or rent it?”
“We rented it, darling,” he said smiling, “just for a couple of weeks or for as long as we need it but it’s nice, goes like a train. I think once we get home we’ll trade ours in for one of these.”
“What’s with the clubs in the back?”
“That’s a long story. I’ll tell all once we get back to the boat which should be in about five minutes.”
“What a beautiful harbour,” she said. She was standing on the dock turning around and around taking in the views, the Provincial Parliament Buildings on one side, the majestic Empress Hotel behind them, the flower beds a riot of color. They didn’t call Victoria the city of gardens for nothing. He led her below and showed her where to stow her gear. He showed her the head and how to use it. Finally she sat and said
“OK what do you want to do first?” he took her head in his hands and said:
“I thought we’d go to bed and abuse each other for a while.”
“Great idea.”


Chapter 12
Chris and Jen got on like a house on fire. They had driven up and into the Sooke Hills later that day and had dinner with Jonny and his wife, watching the sun go down in the west reflecting red, gold and purple off the snow capped Olympic Mountains. Jen was mesmerized. As the dark settled in, the purple and black shadows slowly filling the bowl of the Sooke Basin and Harbor, they moved into the family room and sat around the huge stone fireplace.
“Although she’s now retired Jen was a Detective Sergeant in the homicide division of the West Mercia Police in England,” George explained. She was also part of the anti-terrorist task force that I was involved with a while back. She’s signed the British Official Secrets Act and I have no secrets from her,” said George, “we’re a team,” laughing. “For the sake of protocol she’ll be only too pleased to sign the Canadian Official Secrets Act tomorrow……I’ll bring her over to the base.”
For Jen’s benefit he explained the relationship with the team. He told her about MacDonald and the people on the Adagio. He talked about Gyp, he did not tell her about Hector Pan.
Later that night, lying in bed sweat drying on their bodies in the cool air, George propped himself up on an elbow,
“Well sweetheart what do you think?” he asked, the boat creaking on her lines from a distant wash.
“What do I think about the sex or what’s going on?” she murmured into his chest.
“I know you like the sex, I think you let the entire harbour know too,” laughing into her hair. She sat up not bothering to cover herself.
“I’m really not sure what to think about all the other stuff. I know how you felt about Gyp but how far are you prepared to go? I actually understand about the cloak and dagger stuff with Jonny and the Commander because there are times when I miss the rush of police work but then, most of the time, I have to remind myself that it was just another job and the ‘rushes’ were few and far between. You are supposed to be on an extended holiday and now I’m here and we can do what we want. Everything is looked after at Eaton Bishop and Robbie is perfectly capable of looking after the business and there’s nothing stopping him from getting in touch with us if needs be.”
“I hear what you’re saying, Jen,” he said quietly, “it’s hard to explain how I feel about Gyp. I know she was just a dog but I can’t let them get away with that. There’s another thing though and that is the underlying message from whoever did it, it’s as though they feel they’re untouchable or something. Like I said to Jonny the other day when he was questioning my motives, if I felt like it, I’d just beat the crap out of them, sink their boat and sail off into the sunset but now there’s more to it than that. They’re up to no good and I’ve been obliquely asked to give a hand…………..and I like the rush. I like this too,” he said sliding his hand down to the crease between her buttocks.
.
“I think we’ve poked their nest a little bit,” said the Commander the following morning. He was on the landline as Bailey’s Ride was now plugged into the phone jack at the dock.
“At last we might be getting somewhere, O’Brian’s more than he makes out to be. He’s ex Irish Guards, used to be in their front line intelligence group, pretty tough bloke so I’m told, he resigned about ten years ago for no apparent reason which is about the same time Break Bulk Maritime Services was registered, anyway he made three phone calls of interest to us. He’s obviously done it before as he’s using some sort of code. He called a fellow called O’Bannion in the Falls Road area in Belfast. O’Bannion is active in a local cell of the IRA, not so much a shooter, more on the administrative side. He then called someone called Callahan in Boston. Seemed like an innocuous conversation but Homeland Security is having a look at that as I’ve already e-mailed Vance in Seattle. The final call was closer to home, at least for you. He called the Oak Bay Hotel in Victoria. We had some difficulty with that one so we’ve no idea who he talked to….Irvine knows all about this as I e-mailed him too. Over here we’ve put eyes 24/7 on both O’Brian and this O’Bannion bloke in Belfast. You might want to have a snoop around the Oak Bay Hotel if you’ve nothing better to do.”
“I’ve got plenty to do here,” said George, “Jen’s just arrived from England she says ‘Hi’ by the way. Maybe the two of us will go over to the hotel for afternoon tea….you never know.”
.
He filled the kettle and held a match to the propane on the stove, Jen had dressed in shorts, a gingham shirt and practical deck shoes. She knelt down and picked up the two bowls that he had left on the floor in the galley. She wiped them out, nested them together and looked for space in a locker.
“I left them there just as a reminder,” he said.
“I know,” she replied “but she’s in your heart darling and that should be enough.”
“You’re quite right of course; by the way did you bring my contact list? I want to call O’Rourke.”
He spent the next hour updating his laptop and the three phones from the list that Jen had brought him. She in turn took a walk around the causeway and up to the Legislative Buildings.
“I’ll call Jimmy later because of the time change, in the meantime how’d you like to have a real English Afternoon tea?”
.
It’s a pleasant drive out around Dallas Road and down Beach Road into Oak Bay, one of the more upscale areas of Victoria……which might be an understatement thought George looking at some of the waterfront homes. The Oak Bay Hotel was right at the water’s edge, obviously originally a private home but now converted into a small upscale business. He parked the Rover in the front and took a table in a window overlooking the ocean and a marina in the distance. From where he sat he had a good view of both the room and the cozy looking bar. Looking at the menu he ordered high teas for the both of them, thankful that he could afford it; don’t know how they get away with it he thought.
They talked about what they might do over the course of the next few days and decided to take a short cruise round into Georgia Strait and up the Sunshine Coast to Desolation Sound with perhaps a side trip up Princess Louisa Inlet to take a look at Chatterbox Falls. While waiting for the check two men walked through the dining room and sat at the bar.
I’ve seen the dark guy before, said George to himself, he was on the Adagio. The other I’ve never seen before. They ordered drinks, the new guy ordering a Guinness……he was Irish!
.
Back at the boat and after having taking advantage of the fact that Jen had wanted to change clothes he said, pulling on his shorts,
“I’m going over to Harbour Air, it’s just over there you can see it from here. Did you know they’re the largest float plane airline in the world? actually two outfits merged, Harbour Air and West Coast Air. I’m going to make some arrangements with them.”
In the airline’s rather spartan offices he made a charter agreement with them in the name of Mudd Securities. They had a charter service that covered all the local coast and gulf Islands. He left a float of $2000 guaranteeing quick service with the understanding they only flew the Beaver and Cessna 185 during daylight hours.
Back at the boat he called Jimmy O’Rourke, Jimmy who he’d known for years, Jimmy ex SAS and Irish Regiment, Jimmy retired now but on call to George whenever he needed his particular skills for which he was generously rewarded. Well spoken, well dressed, hard assed Jimmy…..living in Belfast. After the casual chitchat;
“Jimmy…..I need you to take a look at a bloke called Terry O’Bannion, lives on Bombay St in the old Falls Road area. I need everything on him you can find, use Rafferty again if you have to. I need to know everything about his relationship with someone called O’Brian in London. If you have to grab him and have a chat…..don’t kill him…….for now he’s just a link in the chain. Right now I’m bloody miles away, not that it makes any difference, I’ll give you my e-mail address and Satphone, that way you can reach me 24/7 no matter where I am. I think this O’Bannion is being a naughty boy!”
.
The following day they spent most of the day making preparations for their cruise up to Desolation. Jen took the Range Rover and stocked up on meats and vegetables, enough for a couple of weeks. George sorted through his chart collection and walked up to Bosun’s Locker to replace a couple that were now out of date. Whilst he was there he bought an Icom hand held VHF radio now that there were two of them on the boat.
Back at the boat, while still hooked up to the landline, he organized a conference call with himself, Jonny, Harry Vance and the Commander in London.
“Just to keep you in the loop gentlemen,” said George, “Jen and I are heading out on the morning tide. We’ll be cruising through the Gulf Islands, up Georgia Strait and eventually into Desolation Sound via Princess Louisa Inlet. You all have our contact numbers in case you have anything to share. I’ve also made an arrangement with Harbour Air so I’ll be able to get out at any time if, for some reason, it becomes necessary.”
“We already have something to share,” said the Commander, “that raft of fingerprints you sent us, just on the off chance, has paid dividends. One set belongs to a chap called Callahan. His came up very quickly as he’s on the ‘Most Wanted List’, he’s an active IRA member, a shooter, a dangerous guy. The other took a little longer but there’s an interesting link. His name is Federov, guess where he spent time…….Vladimir Prison!!”
“Didn’t you say O’Brian called a Callahan in Boston, how can he be in two places at the same time?” said Jonny.
“Actually Callahan has had time to get to Boston if he has the wherewithal to get into the United States,” said the Commander, “but I don’t think that’s the case, there’s two of them……brothers!
Of course the other link is this Federov and the bloke you pulled out of the ocean……they were in jail together, getting interesting. There’ll be a pattern soon. I’m going to e-mail the dossiers of these two characters, I’ll copy in everyone.”
“I have some good news too,” said Vance, “the NRO, that’s the National Reconnaissance Office, has agreed to task a satellite, should be up and running in a couple of days. They tell me you’ll have face recognition with this baby, Goddamn amazing!”
“Sounds like things are progressing well,” said George, “Jonny if you’re at the base I’d like to come over with Jen and have her sign those documents we were talking about and maybe I can leave the Range Rover over there with you while we’re away.”


Chapter 13
It was different having two people on the boat. He had another pair of eyes, another pair of hands but someone else to worry about. Jen had never spent an extended period of time on a big boat. It’s different, there’s a discipline……wife or not.
She quickly learnt the ‘one hand for you one for the boat’ concept. She quickly learnt how to use the galley, the head. She learnt to conserve water and how to pack coolers. He taught her the basics of navigation and how to use the Nobeltec software, create a route and upload it to the chart plotters at the nav station and the steering station. She was an apt pupil. He taught her to use the VHF and effect a Mayday; you never know when you might need it even if she didn’t have a license.
The weather held and they were able to sail most of the time, for a change. She loved the silence of it, the sense of power as the ten ton boat shouldered her way through the chop. She quickly got her sea legs and started to take short tricks at the wheel. They overnighted in Montague Harbour on Gabriola Island, a popular spot for boats crossing the Georgia Strait; during the night he had to ask her to be quiet……sounds carry very well over water.
.
They entered Georgia Strait from the north of Gabriola through the Porlier Pass, always exciting if you’ve never done it before. They went through on the ebb the big boat crabbing sideways in the exceptionally strong current. Once through he set course for Halfmoon Bay on the mainland, set and adjusted the Hydrovane self steering, explained to Jen the importance of maintaining a watch and feeling for a wind shift then made himself comfortable under the dodger……..bliss!
.
The double beep from the computer in the navigation station, announcing the arrival of e-mail, brought him out of his reverie. E-mail from the Commander in London, the dossiers on Federov and Callahan. He’d read them later when they were safely berthed for the night, but the two, grainy photos got his attention alright……..the two men he’d seen at the Oak Bay Hotel, why was O’Brian talking to them?  He sent a quick e-mail to Jonny letting him know what he had discovered, suggested they put a watch on them and went back to showing Jen how to use the Garmin chart plotter at the steering station.
.
Halfmoon Bay was a pleasant spot to overnight in. He’d aways treated it as a fallback anchorage……. a sort of second choice. His favorite anchorage on this part of the coast was just a little further on, Ballet Bay, but he didn’t fancy going in there in the dark and he was quickly running out of light. Halfmoon was well protected from the sea surge by South Thormanby Island and you could top up provisions at the small general store. Tomorrow they’d have a change and make a short day of it. Simply motor up to Ballet Bay, set a couple of crab traps and spend the day exploring in the dinghy. He’d done it quite often with Gyp, letting her run loose on some of the really small, uninhabited islands. She’d enjoyed the beaches once she’d learnt how to swim, he thought nostalgically.
.
Whilst Jen was testing her new found skills in the galley he read the two dossiers. That of Federov was thin to say the least, he was a known shooter in the Russian mafia. He’d been arrested a couple of times but never convicted of anything. The impression seemed to be he was a gun for hire. Callahan however was a different kettle of fish, a known IRA gunman with a brother who lived in Boston. He’d served time in the Maze just outside Belfast for conspiracy. He was tied to more than one bombing and several assassinations but nothing had ever been proven. It was thought his brother was involved in the ‘fund raising for the cause’ that was rife in Boston. His file was stamped “Consider armed and dangerous.” Charming thought George. I bet the commander knows him; he spent quite some time in Northern Ireland.
.
.
Jimmy O’Rourke did not fancy getting wet yet again. They’d been watching O’Bannion for three days now and for three days it had been raining, it seemed relentless. After the first day he’d involved Rafferty. He couldn’t keep watch 24/7 on his own and O’Bannion was a bit unpredictable. Jimmy was sitting in his car on Bombay St. The trouble was the bloody thing kept steaming up even if he cracked the windows. He also periodically had to run the wipers just so as he could see……..a dead giveaway!!
On the second day it became apparent that someone else was watching O’Bannion. He could see him now standing in a doorway on the opposite side of the street. If he had made him had the other guy twigged to the presence of Jimmy? He keyed the pre-programmed number on his mobile. Far, far away the Satphone buzzed in Ballet Bay.
“Mudd.”
“It’s Jimmy. I’ve got eyes on O’Bannion but so has someone else. I don’t know if they’ve made me though.”
“I think it may be some of the Commander’s people…they probably know you’re there. It’s not that important,” said George, trying to wake up.
“What do you want me to do then? Rafferty’s working this with me but he’s done nothing out of the ordinary…..at least for the last three days.”
“Get one of your other boys to distract the watcher……don’t hurt him. You and Rafferty grab O’Bannion; take him up to your summer place up Ballyutoag. Remember our interest is his relationship with O’Brian in London. Get familiar with the notes I e-mailed you before you take him and don’t do what you did last time, I don’t want any bodies lying around.”
“Gotcha skipper, I’ll get back to you.”
.
The following day the watcher was huddled in a different doorway it, was still raining, he was cold, bored and beginning to wonder if it was worthwhile. He was seriously considering calling his handler in London. One thing was different though…..he couldn’t see the guy in the blue Fiesta. Maybe he’d changed cars. He studied every parked car, on both sides of the road, no sign, maybe he’d got smart and buggered off……better than standing around in the bloody rain.
The huge moving van rolled to a halt in front of him, the driver set the air brakes with a hiss, opened the door and walked over to the watcher.
“Can’t see a thing in this bloody rain, is this Bombay Street?”
“Couldn’t you see the signs at the end of the road?”
“No like I said, you can’t see a thing. What number’s this then? H’mm 68 I need number 44 at least I’m on the right side of the road, just a bit further down”
He climbed back into the truck, sat for a few moments, lit a cigarette and eventually moved off and stopped further down. The watcher hadn’t noticed the small van pull up in front of O’Bannion’s house, two men knock on the door balaclavas pulled over their heads and the van pulling away; O’Bannion blindfolded in the back, wrists bounds with plastic ties.
He continued to watch the house, could see the TV flickering in the front room. Another bloody night of nothing he thought. He didn’t even notice the moving van pull out and disappear round the corner.
.
The house up the A52, the Ballyutoag Road, had been in his family for years. It was well west of Belfast, isolated, a bitch in the winter but not bad in the summer as long as it wasn’t raining. After about an hour the van pulled into an unpaved laneway and parked by the side of the old house surrounded by trees. There were no other buildings in sight. The rain had stopped; you could hear the engine ticking as it cooled off. Jimmy got out and unlocked the front door, he’d been here before.
.
.
George stepped into the cockpit and startled a loon which quickly dove below the surface leaving a circle of ever widening wavelets to break the mirror like surface of the water. The anchor rode hung straight down, slack in the quiet water. It was so still Bailey’s Ride seemed to be hanging in space. He could hear the rustle of a foraging chipmunk in the brush on the island close by and the echoing call of a loon far away, underlining the fact that this was far away from anybody and anything. The silence was broken by the slam of a locker below and the whine of a pump announcing the fact that Jen had crawled out of bed.
.
He’d always thought, at least since he started cruising these waters, that Ballet Bay was a sort of hidden jewel. He’s never seen more than one other boat in here. There had to be over a dozen small islands to explore some of them no bigger than a tennis court. Close in, the water was relatively shallow and warm enough to swim which was more than you could say for most of the spots he knew.
He shrugged off the towel he was wearing and dove into the water breaking the mirror into a million pieces. He came to the surface and back stroked a few yards away from the boat. She needed a good scrub round the water line but he could do that from the dinghy. There was a new scratch on her hull on the port quarter. He couldn’t remember doing that; he could fix it though…he had the necessary.
.
Jen came up into the cockpit wearing a fleecy dressing gown. She stood on the transom checking to see if there were any other boats in the bay. She shook off the gown and just stood there, naked, feeling the warm air on her body and anticipating the shock of the water. George knew he had an erection. She was perfect. She belly flopped into the water, nobody had ever said she could dive!!
Toweling each other off after the morning swim, lingering over certain parts of their anatomies George said,
“I’d like to stay here a couple of days if that’s OK with you. This is one of my favorite spots. I’ve never figured out why it’s not full of boats. It’s a hurricane hole, the holding is good, the water’s warm enough to swim, and the crabbing is good between the islands. At low tide we can gather our own mussels and the fishing is not bad on the other side in Princess Louisa Sound….what more could you possibly want? I don’t get it.”
“Well I wouldn’t spread it around if I were you,” said Jen, “it’s a perfect spot, company’s not bad either, nice body but the water must be colder than you think,” she said looking down and smiling.
“Perhaps you’d like to warm me up,” he said reaching for her.
.
It was an idyllic day. They set crab traps in a gap between two islands. They gathered mussels once the tide went out. They swam again. Jen sunbathed in the nude when George decided to clean the waterline. They made love on the foredeck. They rushed to get clothes on when another boat came through the gap and anchored about a hundred yards away, the rattling of the chain echoing round the bay.
Later that evening, the screens up to keep the bugs out of the boat, the generator quietly humming in its insulated compartment, they sat in the lamplight enjoying the quiet of each other’s company. George checked the tide tables to time his approach to Malibu Rapids and the subsequent passage into Princess Louisa Inlet. A sailboat could only pass through these rapids at slack tide. The slot they had to pass through was rocky and very narrow. The tidal current in both directions was huge, in excess of twelve knots sometimes. Not the place to be either careless or foolhardy. It could cost your boat……..at best!


Chapter 14
Terry O’Bannion was angry, uncomfortable, thirsty and curious. He was still blindfolded and sitting on what felt like a hard wooden chair. His arms and legs had been tied to the chair using plastic ties. At least they hadn’t pulled them so tight as to cut off the circulation. The room was cool and felt unused. He could hear that someone had lit a fire. There were two of them he thought. One had a cultured quiet voice, softly Irish. The other was Falls Road at its best, the good and the bad, the hard and the soft, good cop, bad cop. What the hell do they want? Soft voice said,
“Mr O’Bannion…sorry you might feel a little uncomfortable but needs must. Would you like a drink? my friend here has just put the kettle on.” His quiet manner, the normalcy of the conversation made Terry sweat even though the room was still chilly.
“Once we’ve had some tea and a biscuit or two we have some questions for you. I know it’s a bit chilly but the fire will soon warm things up.”
He could hear them rattling around getting mugs and spoons out. He heard the rip of a bag as someone opened a package of biscuits.
“Terry isn’t it? Sorry we haven’t any milk do you take sugar?”
Someone held a mug to his dry lips.
“Would you like a biscuit? they’re ginger snaps I think.”
He could hear them chatting about the rugby, drinking their tea and enjoying the cookies. The room had heated up considerably.
“I think we’ll do the washing up after we’ve had our little chat with Terry here. There might be a bit more of a mess than we have here just now. Now Terry if you have anything to say to us you can refer to me as Number 1 and my associate here Number 2, easy to understand, really doesn’t need a response.”
He could hear the bang and thump of what sounded like tools being spread on the table.
“I am going to ask you some simple questions. If you refuse to answer my associate here, Number 2, will hurt you. If I think you are lying he will hurt you. Do not think for one moment it is our intention to kill you after all we are not killers. Once we are done we will take you home or at least close to home. You might wish you were dead but you most certainly will be alive……. do you understand?”
He nodded; he still had no idea what it was that they wanted. He wracked his brain, he couldn’t think of anything that merited getting hurt over.
“OK, here’s the first question. You recently had a phone call from a Mr O’Brian of Break Bulk Maritime Services in London….what did he want?
He hesitated for a moment; O’Brian was a serious man, now he knew what they wanted but why?
Being blindfolded the blow came as a surprise. He screamed with the shock and surprise of it as he crashed to the floor in the chair, somebody picked him up.
“Number 2 please put your balaclava on and take the blindfold off Terry here.”
He felt hands fiddling at the back of his head and was suddenly blinded by the light coming from a bare bulb hanging from the ceiling. Two men stood there both wearing disposable white plastic jumpsuits, black balaclavas and surgical gloves. His eyes slowly became accustomed to the light. He could see he was in an old fashioned kitchen, the curtains drawn at the windows. In the middle of the room was an old, deal table. The mugs and biscuits had been pushed to one side and he could see an assortment of tools plus something that looked like an old telephone.
“What you can see there Terry is not an old phone, as you may think, but a power generator used to power field telephones, you might have seen them at the cinema. Number 2 please replace Terry’s blindfold and tighten the plastic ties.” He was, once again, in the dark and tightly bound to the chair.
.
“We have two cables with alligator clips attached. I am going to unbutton your shirt and undo your trousers. If you struggle Number 2 here will hurt you without being asked.”
He felt rubber covered fingers fiddle with the buttons on his shirt, the cool air on his chest. Then the same fingers unzipped his fly and pulled his trousers and underpants down to his knees. Suddenly he was desperately afraid. The very normalcy of the voice, the matter of fact way he spoke was frightening in itself.
“I’m going to attach one of the clips to your nipple and the other to one of your testicles. I apologize for the discomfort this may cause. I will then ask you the same question. If you do not answer or lie to me Number 2 here will actually take pleasure in seeing how much pain you can absorb without fouling yourself”
“Padraig O’Brian…..what did he want? do not hesitate.”
.
.
The boat was redolent with the scent of fresh baked bread and percolating coffee, the bright morning sun slanting down through the companionway. Jen had got up early and prepared breakfast as a special treat. He climbed out of bed remembering not to bang his head on the overhead. His Satphone gave its nasty, insect like buzz.
“George, Commander here, how’re things going?”
“I’m on holiday Commander, with Jen, floating in Paradise in the wilds of Western Canada, how’re you?” as though he didn’t know what he wanted.
“My team, which was watching O’Bannion in Belfast, tells me he’s no longer in the house but the TV is on and the bed hasn’t been slept in. You wouldn’t know anything about that of course would you?”
“He’ll be returned home shortly none the worse for wear Commander. He’s having a chat with a couple of friends of mine. I’ll let you know what he said as soon as I know.” He looked at Jen trying hard not to laugh.
“Damn it George you’ve got O’Rourke and Rafferty on him. You’re doing it again!” George interrupted him not allowing the Commander to generate a head of steam.
“Like I said Commander, he’ll be returned shortly, right as rain, guaranteed. I’ll send you the e-mail.” He hung up curtailing any further remonstrations from his boss.
.
“If I talk to you I will need protection,” whispered O’Bannion.
“I understand that Terry. We certainly don’t want to see you hurt. I guarantee we will do the best we can for you,” he bent over and removed the alligator clip from his testicle, “now Terry talk to me.”
.
.
George had just returned from visiting his crab traps that had been out overnight. He had four reds and three Dungeness all well over the minimum size, enough for dinner for the two of them. As he climbed out of the dinghy and over the transom his computer gave the double beep of an incoming e-mail through his Sailmail. He gave the gist of the e-mail from Jimmy to Jen over a glass of wine in the cockpit.
“At least now I know what’s going on…… what I don’t know is what to do about it. The crux of the matter is that it is an IRA financing scheme that has been going on for quite a while. There was a time when Libya was financing the IRA but that dried up considerably so they had to come up with other means. Enter Padraig O’Brian in London. He controls the world wide and very legitimate movements of a number of break bulk, independently owned freighters. He controls their cargos, what they pick up and where so it is not difficult for him to plan smuggling operations around this traffic, usually unknown to the owners or the vessel captains, the net gain finding its way into the IRA coffers.
.
O’Bannion’s part in this is that he is a book keeper for the IRA and the recipient of the funds that flows to him in a number of ways. The operation used to be policed and enforced by Irish born militants but as time wore on they not only became fewer and fewer but they did not know the level of infiltration by the various law enforcement agencies. Enter the Russian mafia, for a fee they enforce the operation. As far as the Callahans are concerned one is an enforcer the other, the one in Boston, is a local collector and organizer.
Now……..the Glen Monarch…… the captain, Hamish MacDonald, was pressured by using his daughter’s sickness as leverage. Apparently this particular transaction is huge, umpteen million dollars the problem is we still don’t know what it is. MacDonald might be just as much a victim as anyone else. I met him you know in Vancouver. He actually told me what was going on at least what he knew of it. As a professional skipper he was ridden by guilt. I rather liked him, I guess I feel sorry for him.
Sweetheart…I think I’ve played my part now. I’ll e-mail the guys with this information and let them get on with it. You and I are going to Chatterbox Falls…… more wine?”
.
As he’d previously explained to Jen, getting into Louisa Inlet was all a question of timing as you had no alternative but to go through Malibu Rapids at slack tide. A few minutes late and you had to wait six hours to safely transit the zigzag two hundred yards. This obstacle tended to thin out the number of visitors so, once through, although you certainly didn’t have the area to yourself, it was never busy. He had visited the area twice before and been the only boat in there. The trip up the Sound was uneventful the scenery getting more spectacular the more they worked their way in.
.
They arrived a little early and joined the group of half a dozen boats waiting for the tide to slacken off. No more than twenty minutes passed and the first of the group, a power boat of sixty feet or so, disappeared round the corner broadcasting his entry into the channel on the VHF radio as was a good habit.
George soon followed keeping his boat in the center as best he could. Even with the tide slack he could feel the current push and pull at the boat and could see the myriad of small whirlpools the length of the channel. After no more than ten minutes they broke out of the grasp of Malibu and into the splendor of Princess Louisa Inlet.
.
To George the inlet, at certain times of the year, was one of the more beautiful parts of the world within reasonable striking distance of so called civilization. It was a fiord, carved millions of years ago, by some distant ice age. The mountains soared all around straight up from the water. In places he knew the water depth, within twenty feet of the shore, was beyond the reach of his depth sounder.
Many of the mountains had permanent ice fields higher up, most of them feeding tumbling waterfalls. From any point you could see at least twenty falls carving their way down vertical rock faces. There are no roads here, no buildings. The only way in is by boat or float plane. The fishing is poor as the water is so deep and other than a couple of spots it is too cold to swim…….a photographers’ paradise as was being demonstrated by Jen with her digital camera. It was towards one of these warmer spots that George set the boat’s head.
.
Halfway up the inlet, on the port hand, the glacier had carved out a bay with an island in the middle. Someone had named it MacDonald Island, perhaps a relative of the skipper of the Glen Monarch George thought as it came into sight.
Between the island and a small dock the Park Ranger’s had installed three permanent moorings in about fifty feet of water. George hooked onto one of these, killed the engine and listened to the silence. He’d been here before, one of his favorite anchorages. He was no more than fifty yards from either shore, a perfect spot. He knew that, although there was little prevailing wind in the inlet due to the height of the mountains, dangerous williwaws gusted down the mountain sides and could catch out the unwary but you were safe in here.
.
George reclined in the cockpit under the dodger, leaning on the bulkhead, glass of wine in hand listening to a silence only broken by the distant roar of one of the Falls. He thought to himself that this was a place for contemplation, conversation, reading, exploring in the dinghy, fabulous photography and making love….life is good.
He knew he was out of VHF range of anyone unless they were actually in the inlet itself. He doubted that even the single side band would be effective in here due to the height of the surrounding mountains which precluded any e-mails……..not that he cared too much…..perhaps the Satphone would work though.
Later that evening, his thoughts concerning the Iridium were proved correct as the Satphone gave its irritating insect buzz.
“George? Harry Vance in Seattle, where are you?”
“We’re halfway up Princess Louisa Inlet tucked in behind MacDonald Island…..you can see it easily on the chart, probably going to sit here for a couple of days.”
“Ok,” said Harry, “I got your e-mail concerning ‘Operation Gypsy’. That’s a revelation; at least we know what’s going on…….to a certain extent anyway. Concerning that boat in Victoria we now have an ‘eye in the sky’ so to speak…real time 24/7 but I need to get something to you personally……your eyes only.”
“If it’s that important Harry the best way would be to use Harbour Air. I’ve seen their Cessna 185 in here a couple of times. Just make sure the pilot knows I’m not up at the end by Chatterbox, I’m in behind McDonald.
“OK George, I’ll try and get it to you in the morning, should be self explanatory.”
.
Float planes are incredibly quiet when they come into land. Invariably the pilot has cut the engine to idle and he flares out just above the water. The pontoons hit the water with a satisfying hiss and, as the plane loses speed, it settles down onto the pontoons. Only then might the pilot open up the throttle in order to motor to his final destination.
Such was the case with the Cessna the following morning. It suddenly and quietly appeared round the shoulder of the cliff face, sheltering Bailey’s Ride, and came to rest within a few yards of their boat. A young man climbed out and stepped out onto one of the floats, George could see the pilot in his seat as he rowed over in the dinghy.
“George Mudd I assume?” he questioned smiling. “I’m a courier for Harry Vance I have something for you.” He was holding a large, sealed manila envelope and passed it to George as the dinghy came alongside.
“I’m afraid you have to sign for it sir,” said the young man, “Mr Vance said to tell you that I’ve delivered the same envelope to Major Irvine and that The Commander in London has access to the same information.”  With a wave he climbed back into the cabin.
After waiting for George to get back to the boat the pilot opened up the throttles, turned into the wind and took off, the roar of the engine echoing backwards from the surrounding cliffs only to settle down to the silence only broken by the water lapping against the hull and the quiet hum of the generator. The whole transaction took five minutes at the most.
“Expensive mailman,” said Jen, standing in the companionway, as George climbed over the transom into the cockpit.
“Must be pretty darned important,” George said, settling into the seat at the nav station.
He opened the envelope and took out a computer disc and two pages of closely typed instructions. He spent the next fifteen minutes reading as Jen pottered about in the galley.
“You have to hand it to the Americans,” he said laughing, “this disc loads the software that allows us to use the satellite they have watching the Adagio…….much the same as you can control a webcam from your computer. We can view the boat right on our screen, in real time, pan around, zoom in and out, bloody amazing really. Harry said it’s so powerful you’ll be able to recognize individuals…….it’s scary……what will they think of next?  He also says that because its position is geo-synchronous and because of its height we will have a viewing range of about two hundred miles radius of Victoria. One thing’s for sure though, Jen, it won’t work in here. We’d need some sort of direct satellite link which we don’t have. To get it to work we’re going to need a dsl high speed link to the internet…….according to Harry…..it’s quite secure…as his software is totally encrypted. The only place around here that I know of that has a hotspot for visiting boats is Lund. We can make it our next stop. It’s quite a ways from here but you’ll love it in there. It’s actually the end of the Road but there’s a bakery there that makes the best cinnamon buns you’ve ever had. You can smell them baking down at the docks first thing in the morning…..the dock master’s a bit of a character too……I’ve met her before.”


Chapter 15
Hamish MacDonald was bored and worried. He’d explained everything to the gentleman that claimed to be a traffic officer but obviously wasn’t. They’d agreed on a cover story that involved placing the ship under quarantine which wasn’t unusual in maritime circles, bloody expensive though, thousands a day just to sit here twiddling their thumbs. He still had a full crew on board with the exception of a bosun but of course they were confined to the ship.
The ship rode high at her moorings. She was completely unloaded now the hatch covers gaping open under the idle cranes. He had worked hard to keep the crew occupied but was running out of ideas. Now he had a work party over the side, on a work platform, priming and painting those areas that were beginning to rust.
.
As was his habit he periodically took a turn round the entire deck just to get some exercise. He stopped and looked over the rail. Now she was empty the Glen Monarch was standing at least fifty feet off the dock. He looked out across the brown, muddy river. It was busy here, after all this was a major freight terminal, tugs constantly coming and going, freighters from all over the world being nudged in and out.
He was still fascinated by the sight of enormous log booms, hundreds of feet long being towed upstream against the current by huge tugs, the body of the boom being shepherded by smaller tugs like sheep dogs herding sheep. They were heading to the many pulp mills upstream of the terminal and originated all over the BC coast.
How long were they going to have to sit here? he thought. O’Brian was furious at the delay…..the expense…..but there was nothing they could do. He knew his career was over, his future and perhaps his daughter’s very life was in the hands of the very military looking gentleman that had visited him several days before. He walked aft towards the superstructure thinking that perhaps he’d put a gang to work painting it white again…….not that it was in bad shape. Arriving at the companionway, the only way on or off the ship, he made note of the RCMP cruiser parked at the bottom. They seemed to be running three hour shifts……they must be more bored than him he thought. He opened the door to the stairs leading up to his quarters and stepped over the scuttle.
.
Callahan stepped further back into the shadows of the warehouse. He’d been in the terminal most of the day trying to look as though he belonged. He was wearing khakis, a hard hat and carried a clipboard, looking busy and official. It had been easy getting by the guard at the main gate, traffic both in and out was constant, the guard continually distracted. The problem was the cop at the foot of the gangway and why the RCMP? The word on the docks was that the Glen Monarch had been quarantined along with her entire crew but why the guard or rather why the RCMP, he thought that perhaps the next time he spoke to O’Brian he should mention it. In the meantime he had another problem.
Because of the quarantine he needed to both get on the ship and then off it, ideally without being seen. He had his instructions from London and he was being well paid. So far he hadn’t seen anyone visit the ship, and certainly not any medical staff, which caused him to question what was going on. He either needed a diversion or a legitimate reason to get on board. Thinking on the problem he walked out of the terminal, waving to the guard at the gate on his way out. Driving back to Oak Bay in the rented car he keyed his cell and called O’Brian in London.
.
The following afternoon a large truck pulled up at the gates of the terminal. The guard had seen these trucks often making deliveries to freighters. They belonged to Steveston Marine Services who were contracted with several of the carriers to provide fresh vegetables, meat and dairy products to ships preparing to leave.
The driver was alone and handed his waybill to the guard……..a delivery to the Glen Monarch. Federov then drove the truck directly to the ship, being guided by Callahan in the back. Once at the gangway Federov showed both his waybill and the copy of the purchase order placed by O’Brian to the officer on duty. MacDonald didn’t see the gun in Callahan’s hand until it was too late not that he could have done anything about it anyway.
.
Jonny sat in his office gazing out of the rain streaked window. Up to now he’d been able to work from home most of the time which suited him, not that the commute from Sooke to the base was any big deal being only about forty minutes. It was more that when things were quiet the base was such a dismal place, almost depressing particularly if it was raining. The need to be there was really the result of this current operation being multi agency. He was obliged to be talking to Harry in Seattle and the Commander in London both either using secure lines or encryption. George was happily floating around the Sunshine Coast with his gorgeous wife. The problem was there didn’t seem to be much going on. The Glen Monarch was sitting down in Surrey under the watchful eyes of the RCMP. Federov and Callahan were still in the Oak Bay Hotel although they had rented an economy car and acted like regular tourists.
.
In London, after the three calls they noted, O’Brian went about his business as normal. O’Bannion had been returned home, none the worse for wear, and was remaining quiet which wasn’t surprising after what the Commander told him about O’Rourke and Rafferty. The only progress they had made was that they had identified the two men on Adagio. One was Zakayev although they had little personal information on him but the other was Azimov the bosun that had joined the Glen Monarch in Hong Kong.
.
Zakayev had paid for another week’s moorage in the harbour and the two of them spent most of their time drinking beer in the cockpit of the boat. Jonny’s bosses were already starting to make noises about the expense of the combined surveillance. Didn’t they know these things took time? he thought. To some extent he envied George. George was able to come and go as he liked. He was able to get in or get out……his choice. He was able to put himself in harm’s way…..or not, his choice. Must be wonderful not to be answerable to someone other than the social responsibilities he placed upon himself……his choice again.
.
A gusty and intermittent breeze pulsed down the mountainside causing Bailey’s Ride to strain on her mooring as though wanting to leave. He’d loosed the halyards and running rigging, stowed the cockpit covers and plotted his route up to Lund on the Nobeltec software. Jen had undertaken to upload the waypoints into the Garmin system. The halyards clacked against the mast each time the breeze picked up. Casting off the mooring and turning the boat around he set her bow back into Princess Louisa Inlet.
“The tide’s a total pain today,” he said to Jen who was busy getting the cockpit cushions out. “Damn slack at Malibu is not until about noon. There’s no way we can get up to Lund in one day and it’s not really that far, it’s just north of Powell River. We have no choice but to overnight in Ballet Bay again, not that that’s so bad of course, I’m just impatient to see how Harry’s software works.” Jen laughed.
“Boys and their toys,” she said.
.
They made it into Ballet just before dark, sliding in through a narrow gap at the height of the tide. The night clouds were looking threatening so George dropped the hook in the lea of an island that would offer some protection if the weather turned nasty. After dinner, listening to the wind picking up and starting to whine in the rigging, George accessed the weather system he subscribed to as part of his Sailmail package. Within minutes a detailed weather synopsis was being downloaded to the laptop.
“Looks like we have a bit of dirty weather coming sweetheart but luckily it’s coming from the west so we should be able to sail tomorrow rather than just motoring around. At least, for a great part of the trip we’ll be in the lea of Texada Island, then there’s a more open stretch up past Harwood, no worries though!”
.
The following morning was pretty much what George had predicted, perhaps a little worse. The sky was a uniform grey with lighter colored clouds scudding across its surface, the trees bending to the prevailing wind out of the west. After making sure that everything below decks was properly stowed, explaining to Jen that in a blow anything in the cabin could become a lethal missile if left, he hauled up the hook, made sure the chain was stoppered and lashed down the anchor.
They motored out of the western gap onto Georgia Strait. Even in the lea of the large Island it was still pretty ugly. The wind was gusty and unpredictable as it found its way across the Island and to his boat. With Jen holding the boat’s head into the wind he hauled up the main with two reefs in it and rolled out his self furling headsail to the equivalent of a storm jib. With Jen on board that was more than enough. He took the wheel and let the boats head fall off as the sails filled. The movement and motion was comfortable, the log was reading a steady eight knots and the lea rail wasn’t even in the water. Perfect……he turned the engine off and let the boat have her head.
.
There is a feeling of power and strength when a big sailboat gets the bit in her teeth and her shoulders into a good chop, although this was more than a good chop he thought, gotta be running four or five feet. All the way up to Lund he would be on a lea shore so it was no place for the Hydrovane. He got himself comfortable on the high side and felt his boat through his hands and his arse. He always told people you steer the boat with your hands but she’ll tell you how she feels through your butt. Jen was stretched out on the lea and pretty low seat. She was wearing her foul weather gear for the first time and he had insisted she wear a harness and hook it on to the fitting provided.
For him it was an exhilarating ride, the first time in quite a while his boat had come into her own. Other than commercial craft he wasn’t going to see many power boats out this morning. Weather like this most of them stayed safely tied to their docks. In no time at all Sechelt was astern. At this lick he thought they’d make Lund in less than six hours.
.
Myrtle Point went by then the mills of Powell River. Once past Harwood Island he turned a few points into the wind and set the wind vane. He needed a bit of a break and Jen had made coffee and sandwiches. He thought of cracking on a bit more sail just for the hell of it but she was comfortable and so was Jen…….one of the considerations of having someone else on your boat. If anything she’d picked up a bit of speed so really there was no point. As Savary Island closed he decided to pass through the channel between the island and the mainland. He disconnected the wind vane, took over the wheel and laid off about twenty degrees. The ride became even more comfortable without any green water coming over the deck just spray as she shouldered waves out of the way. She began to hum! He’d never really figured it out. The best he could come up with was that there must be a certain set of conditions that generated harmonics in the rigging…….a hum! She was in the groove…….a sailboat!
.
He’d been correct in his calculations. They pulled into Lund in less than six hours, heaving to just outside the breakwater and radioing the harbour master for docking instructions. He had met her before, yes a “her” he thought, a real tough lady. If you could handle your boat she was your friend for life, if not she had no time for you. She and George got on like a house on fire. She asked him to jill around outside the breakwater for a short time whilst she moved some boats around to make better room for him then hailed him and pointed out the berth she had created. She’d made a spot for them as close to the ramp as you could get within ten feet of all the services and within easy smelling distance of Nancy’s, the cinnamon bun place. Perfect!!
.
Once everything was put to bed and the boat was all plugged in and cozy, they walked up to the office. Introductions were made and George had to explain to Mary, the harbour master, about Gyp much to her distress. He paid for a couple of day’s moorage telling Mary that they really had no idea how long they might stay.
Back at the boat there were e-mails in the queue and the light was flashing on the Iridium phone. Doubtless the equipment had been buzzing and beeping but they wouldn’t have heard it in the racket of the wind and waves. He thought about just ignoring them knowing that it was probably Jonny or the Commander or both. If so, you could be sure they were not enquiring about his health. He had relaxed up in Princess Louisa. Jen was now comfortable about the boat and was developing a good tan. She’d also developed the habit, if it was warm enough, of not wearing too much which he found most uplifting so to speak. Jen was pulling the cork out of a bottle of Sancerre, his favorite,
“You know sweetheart, I really don’t want to pick those messages up. For sure it’s not good news. They won’t be just checking up on us you know and right now everything is perfect.”
“I’m not sure you really have any option George. You kind of made a commitment and now you’re stuck with it.” The cork popped out of the bottle like a punctuation mark.
“I suppose you’re right but what the hell can they want?”
.
Firstly he dealt with the e-mails. There was one from his yacht broker, John in Vancouver, letting him know that he had heard on the grapevine that there might be a Mason 55 coming up for sale in California and would he be interested?  One from the insurance broker reminding him that the renewal date for the boat was only a month away and of course, as expected, one from the Commander. Next he listened to just the one message on the phone. He sat at the nav station gazing into space.
Jen looked at him sipping on her wine
“What’s up, you’re looking a bit stern suddenly?”
“We might have to leave the boat here for a few days Jen and head back to Vancouver, what an incredible screw up.!”
“Hey, what’s happened and why Vancouver and not Victoria?”
“Three things have happened all at once, or more or less anyway, there’s no bloody way it’s a coincidence. The Commander tells us O’Brian in London has disappeared. They had taps on all his phones and somebody watching him. He made one more call to Oak Bay then dropped out of sight. How stupid is that? Idiots! Jonny tells us that Federov and Callahan have disappeared from the hotel in Oak Bay too. That’s even worse for God’s sake; they had eyes on them in Victoria. They must have made the surveillance and given them the slip…………..pros!! The worst thing is that the Mounties have found MacDonald dead in his cabin. That’s why we have to go back to Vancouver not Victoria. I’ll have to call Jonny I guess but first I want to test that software we got from Harry Vance.”
.
He opened the envelope and read the instructions again, which was more about the cryptography and obtaining the necessary passwords than loading the software. He made sure they were connected to the internet through the Hotspot and inserted the disc into the reader. The software automatically loaded and connected with the NRO in Washington. He was prompted for passwords and finally cleared for use with the control instructions appearing in a separate window. It really was simple.
“Well I’ll be……would you look at that. What will we be able to do next?” Jen was looking over his shoulder. They were looking at a bird’s eye view of Victoria, the same as you would get by using Google Earth, but with a difference. He had control of the camera, as though it was a webcam. He was able to zoom in and pan without losing any clarity. He zoomed in on the harbour and then onto Adagio which was still in her berth. He was able to focus and see both Azimov and Zakayev sitting in the cockpit talking animatedly, beers in their hands. He couldn’t read the labels on the beer bottles but he could easily recognize the two of them.
“Bloody amazing really,” he said. “Whilst I’m on line I’ll show you something else Jen.” He punched in www.marinetraffic.com.
“This is the AIS system which, you can see is accessible to the public. With your curser you can access any part of the world and see all the vessels that subscribe to the system or you can do a search by the vessels name.” He keyed in ‘Bailey’s Ride’ in the search engine. Immediately a map of the west coast popped up.
“There we are you see parked in Lund that green boat shape thingy. If you click on it it will describe the boat, give information about the owner, the route, pretty much anything I want to key in. It updates every ten seconds. It’s that black box right under the VHF” he said pointing at the bulkhead, “great for cruisers. Sometimes I think it should be mandatory……anyway that’s another story. So what do you want to do? You can come with me to Vancouver or hang around here until I come back.”
“I really don’t want to stay here on my own, George. On top of that you don’t know how long you’re going to be do you?”
“No that’s true……probably a few days for sure.”
“OK…we’ll go together then.”
.
He walked up to the office to see Mary, explained the fact that he was going to have to leave the boat for a while and paid for two weeks moorage. She said,
“George you’d better leave me the keys too. We have a long weekend coming up and we’re going to be jammed. I might have to move your boat to somewhere less convenient to make room.”
“Not a problem Mary,” he replied “you do what you have to do. I appreciate being able to leave her here at all.”
“Just give us a call when you’re coming back and I’ll move her for you. Do you have a cell number just in case I have to get in touch with you?”
He gave her a business card with all his numbers. She pinned it on the corkboard behind her desk.
Next he called Harbour Air and arranged to have them both picked up in the morning…..destination Vancouver and spoke to Jonny about being met and arranging some temporary accommodation.
Back at the boat he suggested that they each just take one soft bag of the necessities. While she was in the head he packed his own including his laptop and a Rogers Rocket stick that allowed him access to the internet wherever Rogers had coverage.
.
The following morning dawned clear and mild. George climbed into the cockpit to be greeted by the smell of fresh bread wafting down from Nancy’s. He grabbed some cash out of the drawer beneath the chart table and joined the queue of sailors in front of the bakery. Loaded down with fresh, sticky cinnamon buns he wandered back to the boat not noticing the attention being paid by the gentleman in the big Grady White Sports fisherman. Within the hour the Same Cessna 185 and pilot landed outside the breakwater and motored into the dock reserved for float planes.
George loaded the bags into the baggage compartment and helped Jen climb in.
“Why the hell are you bringing your golf clubs?” asked Jen.
“Hey…..you never know. I played Golf with Jonny over at Royal Colwell. Maybe we can get a game in Vancouver, I’ve heard a lot about Shaugnessy and Furry Creek.” Jen just shook her head in exasperation. The plane took off into the wind and turned south towards Vancouver. What takes a couple of days in a sailboat takes a couple of hours in a float plane. The Cessna came in over Stanley Park and touched down in front of BC Place with hardly a bump. Jonny was waiting for them in the terminal.
“What’s with the golf clubs?” he asked, laughing.
“Jeez you and Jen must be working off the same page. You never know. We might find the time to get a round in.”
“Yea right,” said Jonny “don’t think I’m really in the mood to play golf with what’s going on.”
“Well you know how we feel about coincidences……there ain’t no such thing. This is being orchestrated. I’m beginning to wonder if O’Bannion hasn’t blabbed. Perhaps Jimmy didn’t put enough of a scare into him. Ah well…..what’s done is done. Shame about MacDonald though, I really liked that guy, a true sailor. Just made a bad decision is all. What do you want to do first Jonny?”
“I’ve checked you into the ‘Bayshore’ George. I know you like it there and the government will pick up the tab. Let’s get over there, dump the bags and head down to Surrey to the terminal. Let’s have a look at the Glen Monarch. You coming with us Jen or do you want to hang out in the hotel?”
“I’d rather come with you if you don’t mind Jonny. Another pair of eyes can’t hurt and don’t forget I used to be a copper.”
“Hey…..it’s OK with me,” he answered, “just remember it’s unofficial, the Mounties are down there now but I’ll call ahead and let them know we’re coming. Sometimes they have a problem with this inter-agency stuff. By the way I brought your Range Rover over in case you needed your own transport.”
“Good thinking Jonny,” said George ruefully.


Chapter 16
There were two police cruisers at the foot of the gangplank now not just the one. They showed their credentials to the officer on duty and climbed the stairs up to the deck where they were shown into the Captain’s living quarters. The body had been removed but the yellow chalk outlined where he had fallen, a large bloodstain, brown now, was also outlined. The officer who had shown them up was plainclothes and in charge of the investigation. He invited everyone to sit down.
“My name is Anderson” he formally stated, “I’ve been temporarily seconded to your group which, I have been led to believe, is a multi-agency ant-terrorist task force involving Canadian, British and American security services.”
“That’s correct,” replied Jonny, “I was made aware of your involvement just this morning by the Commissioner. I’m Major Irvine of CSIS and this is George Mudd and his wife both of whom are associated with MI5. The other member of our group is in Seattle and is part of HS, which is Homeland Security. That’s probably as much as you need to know for now,” smiling, “tell us what you know about the killing please.”
“The murdered man is or rather was Hamish MacDonald the skipper of this freighter.”
“Yes…I knew him,” said George, “I interviewed him just a few days ago……nice chap.”
“The killing has all the markings of a professional hit,” continued Anderson, “he was shot once in the back of the head. It looks like a 9 mil but we’ll know better after the autopsy. The killers stole a truck belonging to Steveston Marine Services who have several contracts here in the terminal for re-provisioning freighters. They had a legitimate bill of lading, plus a copy of the order placed by the vessels agent in London. We found both pieces of paper in the truck which had been abandoned over in Richmond. We’ve dusted the truck and these quarters for prints…….and by the way, Mr.Mudd, we will need yours and those of your wife for exclusion purposes.”
“Pretty obvious what’s happened,” said Jonny, “for some reason O’Brian smells a rat, places an apparently normal order with Steveston, contacts Callahan who steals the truck, makes the hit and disappears into the sunset, looks like O’Brian’s trying to cover his tracks.”
“If the bullet is not completely deformed you might want to compare it to the bullets taken out of the guy I pulled out of the water,” said George, “you never know!”
“The place looks nice and tidy,” said Jen, “doesn’t look as though anything’s been disturbed…..just in and out.”
“Well let’s have a good look around,” said George,” not that I know what we’re looking for…..anything out of the ordinary I suppose.” They looked, all four of them, through the Captain’s quarters slowly unraveling his life. Letters to and from his daughter, doctor’s reports, letters from his sister in Glasgow, family photos everything you would expect to find……nothing out of place
“Everything here is personal stuff” said George, “it’s as though he kept these quarters strictly to himself…..his personal space. Perhaps he has a day cabin up on the bridge, let’s take a look.”
The impeccable, state of the art bridge, had an abandoned feel about it. Everything was off except for the generator monitors and the fire suppression system, all in the green. George was right; there was a day cabin in behind the bridge. Filing cabinets full of manifests and crew rosters, log books going back to the day she was launched, a huge chart table with full sized chart stowage beneath, above a repeating compass, log and chart plotter. He remembered what MacDonald had told him about sextants, piloting and old fashioned navigation. He started pulling charts out at random. He quickly figured out the filing system and pulled the chart to the approaches to the Straits of Juan de Fuca and laid it out on the table.
“Well, well what do we have here?” he said.
.
There was a cross with a circle around it; above it MacDonald had written the position in longitude and latitude, the date and time.
“I recognize the lat/long,” he said to Jen, “it’s the rendezvous point where they met the Adagio. It looks as though he plotted a course away from that position and it certainly isn’t the course the Glen Monarch would have taken. I’ll bet he watched them on the radar when they left that’s what I would have done. Looks like they were either heading for Ucluelet or the Broken Islands……..one or the other anyway.”
.
“Has anyone ever seen a dinghy on Adagio?” George posed the question his big hand wrapped round a Granville Island Lager. They were sitting out on the deck, at Stamps a popular pub on False Creek in Vancouver, the lights from the high rise condos glittering off the water.
“Can’t say that I have,” said Jonny.
“What’s that got to do with anything?” asked Jen.
“Well you see, luv, if they don’t have a dinghy, and I’ve never noticed one, what were they doing once they left the Glen Monarch? You can’t land a boat like Adagio in the Broken Islands without the means of getting to the shore unless of course they met another boat, a smaller boat, a kayak or something like that. Either that or they put into Ucluelet or even Tofino. I don’t think they had the time to run up to Port Alberni and back,  h’mm interesting. Jonny you should get hold of Anderson and get him to have his people check both harbors and to see if Adagio landed there. We know they didn’t fuel up there but there are several places into which they could have put without getting fuel.”
“Why kill MacDonald?” asked Jen.
“Well I can think of a couple of reasons,” said Jonny, “either they didn’t know that he had already been interviewed by George and, in fact, spilled the beans or they knew of the interview and simply got rid of a material witness. Either way he was in their crosshairs. What worries me is that they are either better informed than we think or just plain smarter than we think. So far they seem to have been one jump ahead of us.”
“It concerns me that Federov and Callahan are in the wind,” mused George,” it also concerns me that O’Brian has disappeared. All we need is for him to show up here. I think I’m going to have Jimmy O’Rourke have another chat with O’Bannion. Maybe it’s time to take the gloves off and try and find out just how much O’Brian actually knows. I’m going to ask the Commander to remove his surveillance. Jonny we’re going to head back to the hotel do you need a ride?”
“No…..I’ll take a taxi from here thanks, George. The company maintains a small apartment over in Kitsilano; I’m bunked in there for the time being. I’ll call Anderson though and get him going.”
Back at the hotel in their room overlooking Coal Harbour George said…..thinking out loud,
“I wouldn’t mind having a look at the Ucluelet area. Often it helps to see what the enemy sees…..sort of putting yourself in their shoes. Of course we’d have to get up there first, then we’d need a boat…….. food for thought Jen.”


Chapter 17
O’Bannion wasn’t a happy man. The two guys had thrown a scare into him but O’Brian was particularly scary. He’d known him before he went to London to set up shop. He’d been active in a local cell of the IRA and before that had spent time in the British Army. He knew he’d been involved in several killings and one brutal torture of a British Paratrooper that had made the headlines whereas he himself had confined himself to the logistics of the movement, being one of those responsible for the receiving and disbursement of funds.
The operation, that was being run out of London, had been running for years and was a prime source of income for the movement. The funds themselves were hidden in offshore accounts spread all over the world and all in countries best defined as tax havens. Although he didn’t yet know the details of this recent phase of the operation, he knew that it certainly was the largest by far. He’d been instructed that the funds, once available, would have to be spread over all their accounts…….that meant millions of dollars. He found it more and more difficult to maintain his cover even though his job as an accountant in a local bank was quite legitimate. He had recently tried to talk to O’Brian only to learn he had left the country; the office girl in London being overly informative something he’d have to talk to O’Brian about when he returned.
The house on Bombay Street was comfortable, small but adequate for his needs. When his wife and two girls lived there they were really cramped for space but now that they were gone he had ample room. He didn’t socialize much, had few visitors, preferring to sit down with the TV each evening and watch his favorite programs although usually on a Friday evening he would walk down to the local pub, have a couple of pints and perhaps play a game of darts or two; being on his own also made it easier for him to do his extra -curricular work. He’d turned one small bedroom into an office where he kept his computer and an excellent safe.
This particular Friday was no different to any other except he had decided to eat in the pub rather than cook his own dinner. The place was busy, probably because it was payday he thought but he managed to find a small table. Usually he just stood at the bar, joined in the conversation and eventually moved over to the darts.
He’d almost finished his dinner and had just ordered another pint when a gentleman asked if he could share the table. He had a plate of fish and chips in one hand and a Guinness in the other. Terry looked around…….there was nowhere else for him to sit.
“Sure sit yeself down, it certainly is busy this evening.”
“Thank you very much,” said the stranger, “I don’t usually come in here on a Friday night but I worked a late shift yesterday and by the time I got home I was knackered.” He took a long pull of his Guinness, covered his chips with salt and vinegar and started to eat.
“You live around here?” he asked.
“I do, yes,” said Terry, “just further down the street, been coming in here for years.”
“Me…….. I live just the other side of the Falls but I like this pub always get a good game of darts in here, can I buy you a beer?”
It was almost eleven by the time Terry got to his front door. Usually he didn’t stay that long at the pub but he’d had such a good time for a change, played darts all evening and he’d had more than his customary two beers. In the dark he had trouble finding the keyhole in the front door as the bulb had burned out in the porch light. He didn’t recall it burning out he’d have to remember to replace it. As the door swung open he was hurled into his hallway and felt knees in his back.
“Don’t say a word, don’t struggle, don’t try and turn around just be a good boy,” a beery breath right in his ear. He was marched into his kitchen, made to sit down on a kitchen chair and tied to it using plastic ties.
“Feel familiar?” said his new friend and darts partner from the pub. The other one was standing behind him so he couldn’t see him.
“Remember us?” a familiar voice, “number 2, go turn the TV on perhaps just a little louder than normal.” The sounds of a game show came out of the living room, laughter and the screams of happy winners.
“Terry O’Bannion how nice it is to see you again. I get the impression that you’re either a little stupid or more afraid of Padraig O’Brian than you are of us? that would be a mistake Terry. We need a little more information but if you fail us Terry we will not be as nice to you as we were last time. However I think before we start it would be prudent to have a look around.”
After they gagged and blindfolded him he could hear them moving around, opening and closing cupboard doors and drawers. He heard them climb the stairs and go into each bedroom, the happy noises still coming from the TV in the living room. Finally they came back into the kitchen the soft spoken one taking his position behind him. Rafferty took off the blindfold and pulled the tape of his mouth. His darts partner of earlier was standing in front of him a police billy club in his hand. From behind him,
“Where’s O’Brian now?
“I don’t know.” The pain was excruciating, the billy club had almost broken his kneecap.
“The next time I’ll break your kneecap, then the other one, after that I’ll start on your elbows. The end result, if you don’t tell us what we want to know, is that the bank will be advertising for a new accountant and your estate will be selling this house.”
“Where’s O’Brian?”
“He’s in Canada, he flew there from Amsterdam.”
“Where exactly?”
“I don’t know……honest.”
“What exactly does Mr. O’Brian know about this business in Canada……I remind you, Terry, to value your life…..no one else does.”
The pain from his knee had his eyes watering. Rafferty stood in front of him slapping his other hand with the billy. It looked like just another day at the office for him.
“He got suspicious when some guy visited his office and said he was something to do with monitoring ship traffic. Paddy shopped around but no one had ever heard of it. He also checked up on the car the guy was in, it was a government registered car.”
“Is that when he arranged to have MacDonald killed?”
“If that’s the Captain of the ship then yes……it was Callahan.”
“What else?”
“He got a call from one of the Russians telling him that some guy off a sailboat had been snooping around but that’s all I know.”
“How come you know all this?”
“He called me from Amsterdam before he left. He was worried something might happen to him and he wanted me to know what was going on.”
“I want the combination to the safe Terry.”
“He’ll kill me.”
“Your choice Terry, I will if you don’t give me it, or at least my friend will, he gets a bit of a rush out of it.”
.
He speed dialed on his cell phone from the car as they were pulling away.
“Commander? Jimmy O’Rourke. We’ve finished with him; you can pick him up now. There’s a safe in an upstairs bedroom, the combinations’ on the kitchen table.”


Chapter 18
It was Friday…..the Friday before the long weekend. Mary stood at the top of the ramp looking down at the Lund marina. It was almost full. They were bound to be inundated by boats over the next couple of days. She looked out beyond the end dock, the breakwater was almost empty. She knew she could get at least ten boats out there on the inside and still be protected from the weather. She had a list of boats whose owners were away or at least not expected over this weekend but what an incredible pain in the arse. Move ten boats this morning? she’d need help….couple of kids, maybe three, should do the job, one to ferry her back each time and one to handle the lines at each end.
Back in the office she made several phone calls and arranged for three students, who had worked with her before, to come down to the marina and give her a hand. She’d start with the easiest first……those boats out at the end, closest to the breakwater……at least half an hour a boat….and she wanted to move ten…..as though she didn’t have better things to do!
Within the hour they’d started, three students and herself doing the actual moving. It was slower than she thought. As they created a gap in the marina they would close up the boats that remained, leaving room for a boat to berth regardless of length. She called her husband to let him know that she certainly wouldn’t be home for lunch and, if new boats started to show up, she wouldn’t be home till after dark.
Slowly but surely they worked themselves through the boats. She had reserved a berth for George’s Bailey’s Ride well protected from the ocean surge. Opening the gate in the rail she unlocked the companionway steps and disarmed the alarm system with the code George had left her. Climbing down to the main electronics panel she switched on all the main power switches remarking to herself the seaworthiness of the boat below decks and reminding herself that this was an ocean cruiser and not a weekend island hopper. Back at the binnacle she turned the key in the ignition and let the diesel warm up for a few minutes. She had the student on the dock let go the lines and push the boats head out and away from the dock. As soon as the bow was clear of the boat ahead she moved the gear shift into forward and applied a little throttle.
The explosion could be heard miles away. Under certain conditions fiberglass burns like a torch, there was no sign of Mary and the student on the dock had been thrown into the water on the other side. After a few seconds the two propane tanks in their lockers cooked off setting fire to two other neighboring boats. Within minutes the entire boat, plus the longliner directly ahead, were completely inundated preventing anyone getting close. Shortly the containers of diesel lashed on the foredeck cooked off too spreading burning diesel over the dock and spreading the fire to boats on the other side of the dock. It was in inferno!
As fast as they could other boats slipped their lines and motored out into the fairway and out of danger. People with fire extinguishers waited at the top of the ramp for the opportunity to get down to the dock but there was still the danger of explosions from the other boats.
Lund neither has its own fire department or a police detachment. The community is serviced from Powell River south of the town by the Powell River RCMP detachment and the Northside Volunteer Fire Department. By the time both services arrived in Lund almost thirty minutes had passed. The fires had died down. Local people had suppressed the fire on the dock itself. Bailey’s Ride, her back broken by the explosion, had settled in about twenty feet of water her smoke blackened spars sticking out of the water. Mary’s body had still not been found, the young man, thrown into the water, was being treated for burns and bruises but he would survive. It was not until much later in the day that the police found George’s business card pinned to the board behind Mary’s desk in the Harbour Master’s Office.
.
They were taking a walk before going to dinner. They were halfway along Georgia Street in the direction of Stanley Park when George’s cell buzzed in his pocket. They stood together, leaning on the rail looking out over Coal Harbour at the boats moored at the Rowing Club. Jen watched him listening carefully, giving the odd grunt in response, his face getting more and more concerned, finally he said:
“If you don’t mind I’d like you to pass on all this information to Inspector Anderson,” he gave him the number in Vancouver, “and thank you for calling me, do you have a number where we can reach you 24/7?” The caller gave him a number which he entered into his cell phone. He hung up and turned to Jen, he was obviously very distraught.
“There’s been an accident up in Lund…….the boat blew up,” he said wonderment in his voice, “Mary was killed and a boy, who was helping her, injured. They haven’t even found Mary’s body yet.”
He stared out across the water.
“Bailey’s Ride blew up,” as though he couldn’t believe it almost quietly talking to himself. “The officer who called said it was an accident……a propane build up. I have to talk to Jonny and get up there,” he keyed his phone.
“Jonny there’s been an accident up in Lund.”
“I know George, Anderson just called me with all the information. I’m so sorry, I know how you felt about her.”
“There’s no fucking way it was an accident,” said George angrily, “propane build up my arse. I was anal about that system. Separate lockers in the cockpit for the tanks complete with drains over the side. Separate solenoid switches for each tank not just one, as is normal, plus I double checked them before we left. I always do. I want to go up there…..now. Can you arrange a demolition diver to go with me?”
“I can do better than that,” said Jonny, “meet me at the Heliport down by BC Place in half an hour; I’ll be waiting for you.”
On the way back to the Bayshore he said to Jen as they got back into their room,
“I’m meeting Jonny at the Heliport Jen; I want you to stay here. Stay in the room, if you have to leave the room, stay in the hotel. There’s no way that was an accident. I feel terrible about Mary but we were lucky we weren’t there.” He quickly packed a small hold all including the Sig in its holster and a spare box of ammo.
“George,” said Jen exasperated,” where the hell did you get that?”
“Pal of Robbie’s in Burnaby plus the golf clubs……take a look.”
She looked in the bag and took off the head covers,
“George….for God’s Sake.”
“It’s a twelve gauge. The ammo’s in the big pocket. Better you know it’s there sweetheart, I’ll get Jonny to square it away; after all we are supposed to be part of a formal task force. Why do you think I insisted on it being formal in the first place?” He kissed her and left her standing in the middle of the room. Ten minutes later he and Jonny walked out onto the tarmac.
The Bell 206l-4 chopper jumped in to the air, the Rolls Royce engine not as noisy as they anticipated.
“Company helicopter,” shouted Jonny, “we’re heading to Esquimault, first pick up a dive team then straight over to Lund, should be there before dark.”
Within half an hour they were putting down in the navy yard and loading up a two man team and their equipment. In no more than fifteen minutes they were back in the air and heading back over the Georgia Strait and up to Lund.
“Jonny tell the pilot there’s a school just up the hill from the docks with a football field behind it, good spot to put her down.”
They were met by an RCMP SUV, loaded up the four of them plus the equipment and drove down the hill to the docks. As soon as they stepped out of the vehicle the smell assailed them. A mixture of smoke, burnt plastic and burnt wood. Standing at the top of the ramp George surveyed the scene. The whole area had been cordoned off with yellow tape. Boats had been moved and rafted together as no one had been allowed to leave. It looked like a disaster area. Off to his left the burnt mast of his pride and joy stuck out of the water as if in protest. The burnt out hull of a wooden commercial fishing boat was lashed to the dock to prevent it from sinking. The dock itself was burnt black in patches. Two fiberglass boats on the other side of the dock were so badly burnt as to be write offs.
“My God,” said Jonny, “it’s a wonder more people weren’t killed.” He looked over towards the restaurant, “you got here in a hurry,” he said as Anderson walked over.
“Yea I flew up as soon as I heard……guess you did too.”
“Sure did,” said Jonny, “stopped over in Esquimault too, picked up a navy dive team, we’re convinced this isn’t an accident, got a chopper up by the school.” He called over the team leader standing on the dock below.
“You have about two hours daylight, Petty Officer, is that enough time or do we have to wait until the morning?”
“It’s pretty shallow Sir, probably only about twenty feet, we can do it with tanks don’t need anything fancy. We can have a preliminary look and if necessary go down again in the morning.”
Within half an hour the two divers were suited up and in the water. It was hard for George to look on. The water, broken only by the air escaping from the diver’s regulators, was still, scummy and blue streaked from the diesel. It had been contained by an oil boom laid by the rescue boat that had come up from Bamfield. He hated looking at the mast sticking forlornly out of the water. Memories flooded back of the hours, the days of happiness spent on her……..spent on her with Gyp. The more he stood there thinking….the angrier he got.
“There’s no way this is an accident Jonny,” he said quietly watching the bubbles, “Callahan or O’Brian….them for sure. Somehow they twigged that we were on to them and figured out where we were and now this. They were after me and didn’t care who got in the way…….Jen was with me too. They managed to kill another innocent……Mary,” he stared at the water, “the boy that was with Mary, if he’s OK maybe we can talk to him whilst everything is fresh in his mind?”
“I’ll find out,” said Jonny, “see what I can fix up.”
Within half an hour the divers were back on the dock. They’d taken off their tanks and flippers, pulled down their wetsuits and were toweling off in the cool evening air. The Petty Officer walked over to Jonny,
“No way that’s an accident Sir, typical professional sabotage job. Looking at the condition of the hull it’s pretty obvious that there were two small explosive charges set…….don’t know what sort of ignition system they used. One charge would have been sufficient to sink the boat, two means they were out to kill everyone on board. We’ll have another look in the morning but there’s no doubt in my mind.”
“George…..we can talk to the boy. Anderson will take us over; he lives in the village here.”
The boy had superficial burns and was bruised from being tossed across the dock by the explosion. He was sitting on a couch, wrapped in a blanket, when his mother showed them into the living room.
“You’re a lucky boy,” said Jonny,” any closer and you probably wouldn’t be here today. We’re here to investigate the accident, if you don’t mind I’d like you to tell us exactly what you remember…..from the beginning.”
“Mary called me and asked if I could give her a hand with moving some boats because she was so busy. There were three of us, me, one kid in the dinghy ferrying her back from the breakwater and one out on the breakwater handling the lines. We’d moved most of the boats when we came to Bailey’s Ride. She jumped on board, went below then came topside and started the engine to let it warm up a bit. I let go the lines, pushed out the bow and she just blew up.”
“Bastards had made the contact the gear shift,” said George,” they wanted to make sure Jen and I were both on board before she blew. Well that does it, the gloves are off now Jonny, if you can’t deal with it I will. First my dog, then my boat, they didn’t even care that my wife was on board, they don’t know who they’ve tangled with. I think it’s time to get back to Vancouver Jonny.”


Chapter 19
The following day Jonny Irvine called the Commander in London.
“I think we have another problem Commander,” he said. He then spent the next ten minutes recounting everything that had gone on.
“You’re right about that,” said the Commander after he had heard the whole story,” I told you before; George employs the equivalent of a complete SAS squadron, I think he has about sixty on staff. His company maintains security at several oil wells around the world. He also looks after his people and they look after him. You have to remember that most of them would be lost once they retire out of the army, it’s all they know. George gives them another life that utilizes their training. In many instances he’s their savior. He’s also an extremely wealthy man now, no kids so he’s not afraid to spend it.
“Oh my God,” said Jonny.
“It gets worse,” said the Commander, “he has this central cadre of people he actually fought with in both Malaya and Sarawak, two of them were killed a couple of years ago, that’s how he met his wife. One is his manager in Brunei, a fellow called Robbie McElroy who has a native sidekick called Pa,an. I happen to know McElroy is currently in England. He’s probably holding the fort while Jen is in Canada the other two are Irish…..Jimmy O’Rourke and Tim Rafferty, how do you think he keeps getting the information out of O’Bannion? They are not afraid to use interrogation tactics denied services like ours although quite often I wish we could. So yes……you might well have a problem. Not really sure what you can do about it either unless you’re in a position to do something before he does. I do have some advice though…….a couple of years ago I let him have his head a bit because we were stuck with a problem that conventional methods were not going to solve. He left a bit of a mess in his wake that we had to clean up but it got the job done……..for what it’s worth Jonny. Anyway give me a buzz if you need anything.”
Jonny could hear him laughing as he rang off.
.
At George’s insistence Jonny had arranged another conference call to both clarify and confirm exactly what they knew.
“After being asked politely, O’Bannion came up with a bit more information,” said George, “we now know O’Brian is in Canada but we don’t know exactly where only that he flew out of Amsterdam. Commander it would help if you could send us an up to date photo and, Jonny, we should start looking at the closed circuit film of arrivals of all flights originating in Amsterdam. We also know that Callahan killed MacDonald. I’m of the opinion that he was responsible for the Lund thing but of course it could have been O’Brian, both have the experience. It’s pretty obvious that someone from the Adagio let either O’Brian or Callahan know I was snooping around. They knew the name of my boat and it would have been easy to check the AIS to find out our location once we’d left Victoria. For once the technology did not work in our favor. Harry I need you to send me another copy of your software. I’ll be buying another laptop today; everything went up in the boat, anything else?”
“There certainly is,” said the Commander from London, “that safe in O’Bannion’s house was a goldmine. We have all the information on their bank accounts all over the world and this is the good part……….. all the passwords. He probably couldn’t commit them to memory as there were too many. We thought about emptying them now but decided to wait, seeing as how there’s such a large transaction in the wind. If our operation, for some reason, goes sideways we can still grab the proceeds once the money’s been distributed. Right now no one knows we have O’Bannion.”
“That gives me an idea,” chipped in George. “Jonny I know you have a security news blackout on the explosion in Lund. I think you should release it now but with the info that a visiting couple were killed in the accident and that it has been attributed to a propane build up in the cabin. Jen and I will move out of the Bayshore, we’ll find somewhere else to stay in the meantime.”
.
“I think it would be a good idea if you moved into the married quarters on the base at Esquimault, George,” said Jonny, “I can easily arrange that. You would have access to our assets and the office plus we could establish a modicum of security for you and Jen.”
“Good thinking,” said the Commander, also makes it easier for us to keep an eye on him he thought.
“We might take you up on that,” said George “but there are a few things I have to do here in Vancouver before we go back to the Island. I still can’t believe they blew up our boat.”
.
George was standing in the window of their room in the Bayshore looking out over Coal Harbour and the Royal Vancouver Yacht Club.
“What’s their justification for killing you and I? I just don’t get it……they must be into something awful big! Tactically speaking we’re at something of a disadvantage, we’ve no people of our own, we really don’t have a base and we only know where two of the opposition is, that being the guys on the Adagio……the others are in the wind. We’re vulnerable. I know you’re going to give me an argument Jen but quite frankly I’d be much happier if you went back to England.” Jen was stretched out on the bed.
“You have to be kidding me,” she said, “in your dreams. I know you’re not going to let this go away, I know you too well. This has nothing to do with what they’re doing or the IRA or any of that stuff,  all that does is gives you some justification in the eyes of the people you need. This is all about Gyp and your boat and don’t you deny it. If you feel we’re at a disadvantage…….note the ‘we’……then think about how you can level the playing field.”
“You know…..for a tall redhead that loves sex you’re quite smart too……guess that’s why I love you. Level the playing field? you’re quite right ,sweets.”
.
“Jimmy?  George here…..good job with O’Bannion.” He proceeded to tell him about the boat and how they had chosen to involve Jen. “I need you and Tim Rafferty over here in a hurry. It’s a pain to get to I know, you’ll probably have to go to London first or perhaps Manchester then fly direct to Vancouver. When you arrive call me on my cell from the airport I’ll give you instructions then. Call Robbie, he’s in Hereford, ask him to arrange the flights for you.” He stood in the window for a while watching the street lights start to wink on in Stanley Park and a Harbour Air flight land right in front of him in the harbour. He picked up the phone,
“Mr.Pan, Peter Brenner here, how are you? If it’s not inconvenient I would like to see you again. How’s tomorrow…… same place, same time.
“Mr. Brenner……why don’t you meet me for lunch instead. There’s a Vietnamese Restaurant on Kingsway called Hansan…….noon OK?”
“I’ll see you then Mr. Pan,” he rang off, “Jen, do you like Vietnamese food?”
.
The following morning they left the hotel early, taking the Range Rover, as George wanted to do some shopping prior to meeting Mr.Pan. As a result of the fire they only had the few clothes they had brought with them to Vancouver. They bought clothes for both of them that were slightly out of character and a very expensive wig for Jen that he insisted she wear immediately. To the casual observer they were no longer George and Jen Mudd. George bought a couple of jackets slightly oversize that would hide the Bianchi and finished his shopping spree by dropping into a Future Shop. He bought a top of the line laptop with a Rocketstick and a cell phone for Jen.
.
Turning east onto Kingsway, the traffic noise virtually non-existent due to the luxury of the Range Rover, they crossed Boundary, passed the Swangard Stadium and into Burnaby real. Once Jen had identified the restaurant George drove round the block a couple of times and down the laneway behind the restaurant making note of the two Asians sitting in the truck by the back door.
.
The Hansan was a typical, family owned, Vietnamese Restaurant with the cash and counter as you walked in, festooned with traditional decorations in red and gold. The specials of the day were on a handwritten board behind the counter. The furniture was all black lacquer bamboo with most of the tables full at this time of day……lunchtime. The room was redolent of cooking and filled with chatter, they were the only whites in the place. They stood by the cash waiting to be shown to a table.
“Mr. Brenner?” A young man had approached them, tastefully dressed with no trace of an accent,” I am Trevor Pan, I am Hector Pan’s son would you follow me please.” They walked through the restaurant, feeling the many eyes on them, through the kitchen and up a flight of stairs to the second floor. On the second floor they walked through an open plan office area, several people being at work in front of computer terminals. Knocking on a solid looking oak door he said,
“Please go in my father is expecting you.”
The room was more like an English library or a study in a country house. It reminded Jen of Eaton Bishop, their home in Herefordshire. Hector pan came round the desk and took Jen by the hand.
“So you are Jen, I have heard so much about you from Robbie. Please make yourself comfortable, let’s sit over there in the window.” He was dressed in cavalry twills a yellow golf shirt under an argyle sweater, brogues on his feet.
“George how nice to see you, can I get you anything?”
.
Jen couldn’t stop herself from looking around. The windows overlooked ‘The Kingsway’ but there was no noise whatsoever. They sat in a grouping of comfortable leather chairs around what was obviously a Queen Ann coffee table. The desk at the other side of the room was a massive old partners’ desk in front of floor to ceiling bookshelves. On the floor glowed an Indian rug that only partly covered the cherry hardwood. The entire room was lit by discreet, indirect lighting…….everything reeked of money and understated taste. Hector Pan sat down, crossed his legs and said:
“So George and Jen how may I help you? Before you answer I know something of what is going on from Robbie and something from my own sources. I do not envy you your position.”
“The last time we met you told me you were quite influential in your chosen endeavors, I quote your own words,” said George, “as you, doubtless by now know, my wife and I find ourselves threatened. If it were strictly business and just involved me I would deal with it in my own manner and go on my way but it has been made more personal therefore it is my intention to make it more personal. They have already struck at me, in several ways, without any retaliation on my part in a very personal manner and it is only by pure luck that my wife and I are alive to speak to you now.” Hector Pan, steepled his fingers and looked at Jen over the top of his hands.
“George…..I understand the space you are in just now. Many years ago my wife and I were in a similar position in South Vietnam, we were helped by your friend Robbie McElroy. If you have no objection I would like to bring my son Trevor into the conversation, he is party to most of my endeavors and acts as my right hand.” Within a few moments Trevor had joined the group in the window. “Please continue, George,” said Hector.
“I need some help,” said George, “help for which I am quite prepared to pay, help not so much as you provided before although there is some of that but more that I need information……boots on the ground to quote a military term………intelligence.”
“George, let me be quite frank here and let there be no misunderstanding between us. Let us have between us a relationship that, in Hong Kong, is referred to as ‘old friend’s status.’ The only charges I will levy are expenses as such to the extent that we are out of pocket to meet your needs. Other than that there is no charge, we are and will be in the future ‘old friends.’ Now tell us what your immediate needs are.”


Chapter 20
Jimmy and Tim got off the plane in Vancouver International feeling dazed and tired. They’d had to fly from Belfast to London and wait for the British Airways connection direct to Vancouver, that part of the trip alone was over nine hours; they’d been on the go for over fifteen hours in total. Of course the bags were delayed and they had to wait at the carousel and, to cap it all off, Canadian Customs had insisted on going through Tim’s bags. Finally, after sixteen hours, they loaded up the cart and passed through the automatic doors into ‘Arrivals’.  Jimmy’s instructions had been to call George’s cell on arrival but he didn’t have a quarter.
“Mr. O’Rourke, Mr Rafferty?” A well dressed Asian was standing there, smiling at them, “Mr George asked me to pick you up please to follow me.” He led them up into the multi level parking and to a nondescript Honda Accord, threw the bags in the trunk and exited on #99 South. After about twenty minutes he turned onto Steveston Highway. Jimmy looked questioningly at the Asian driving.
“You are correct Mr O’Rourke this is not Vancouver, we are south of the city. This place is called Steveston my father owns a farm here. It is discrete and quiet, Mr George is there waiting for you.”
Turning south again on #3 Road he pulled into a muddy driveway and up to a frame house surrounded by greenhouses.
“We grow vegetables here,” said the driver smiling, “our trucks take them all over……very useful sometimes.” He lifted the bags out of the trunk got back in his car and drove away.
.
“Slainte,” said George lifting his glass of Jameson’s, “good to see you guys, sorry to drag you over here so quickly but we need some boots on the ground, you’ll be able to get some sleep once we’ve done a preliminary briefing.”
“Jen and I are dead…….at least according to the news media.” He spent the next hour recounting what had occurred over the last couple of weeks with specific reference to Hector Pan.
“Hector for all his excellent taste and educated manner is actually one of the biggest gangsters in Vancouver. We have what is referred to as an “old friends” relationship which means his entire group helps us. The man that picked you up is one of his sons…..I believe he has five. This farm belongs to him and has been provided both as a safe house and a base from which we can work. It is a legitimate working farm that makes deliveries all over the Lower Mainland, including Vancouver Island, every day. It delivers to markets, major retailers and restaurants, the entire work force works for Hector. You both need to understand that neither of you are part of the formal Task Force that has been created which, of course, would offer some sort of legal protection if needed but you would have none of that. I have asked you here because they’ve made it very personal and very personal it will become. I’ll understand and not hold it against you if you tell me that you want no part of it and choose to return home.”
“Yea right,” said Jimmy, “so what do we do first?”
“Nothing for now, there’s an unmarked van in the garage, I want you to get a good night’s sleep then take the van and get the lay of the land. One of Hector’s boy’s is going to go with you. I want you to get a reasonable idea of the layout of Vancouver, the major highways etc. After that you will take a day perhaps two and take the ferry over to the Island, to Swartz Bay actually and do the same thing in and around Victoria with particular attention to the Adagio which is in Victoria Harbour. If she moves we’ll know. In the van are two cell phones with all the numbers you might need pre-programmed plus a Tazer……just in case……..you never know do you? Once you are comfortable with the layout over there you will call me and I will give you further instructions.”
“So what are we going to do next? asked Jen.
“Well we have to wait for some information from Hector but, in the meantime, we’re going to take a little trip. We’re going to be tourists.”
.
Jonny had returned the Range Rover to Prestige as it was far too distinctive, after all George and Jen were supposed to be dead. Hector had provided an older Mazda 6 which suited their needs perfectly. In jeans, sweaters and wig they drove through Vancouver, over the Lions Gate Bridge and took Marine Drive all the way round the shoreline to Horseshoe Bay in West Van. There they boarded a ferry that took them over to Departure Bay in Nanaimo on the Island. From there they turned north and exited on the Inner Island Highway which would take them to Port Alberni.
.
They learnt, very quickly, that in this part of the world, unless you have a small plane, patience is required for getting from one point to another. There aren’t many roads and eventually you run out of land and are obliged to take a ferry. In Port Alberni this is exactly what they did. They left the car, took their small hold alls and boarded the MV Frances Barkley that would deposit them on the dock in Bamfield. Of course they could easily have taken Harbour Air which might have taken an hour or so but they were tourists after all and the float plane might have drawn attention to themselves.
As arranged by Jonny they were met at the dock by Keith Johnston, an instructor from the Bamfield Coastguard Station, who put them up in one of the bunkhouses for the night. They had breakfast with him the following morning; George had brought with him the chart from the Glen Monarch.
“Keith I want to run out to sea, weather permitting and pick up a point on this course and then follow it back in to the shore,” said George, pointing at MacDonald’s piloting.
“Don’t see that that’s a problem,” said the instructor, “we’ll just plot the initial waypoint on to the chart plotter, lay in the course then motor out until we intersect the course at which time we’ll simply turn onto it…….piece of cake…….the weather’s fine too.”
An hour later, decked out in Cruiser Suits and lifejackets they were about fifteen miles offshore in a rolling Pacific swell following the course in.
“As we close the shore what would be your options if you’re in a Bayliner 38 and doing something illegal?” he asked. The instructor thought for a minute or two cutting the boat speed down to about twenty knots.
“I think it would depend if I cared about being seen. If I didn’t care I could run up to Ucluelet, in to Bamfield or even right up the sound to Port Alberni although Bamfield would be pretty stupid because it’s such a small place.”
“From the numbers I worked on,” said George, “I don’t think they had the time or the fuel to run all the way up to Port Alberni which leaves Ucluelet. Having said that they were not seen around Ucluelet, the RCMP did a thorough investigation.” The instructor pulled up a more general view of the area on his chart plotter.
“That leaves the Broken Islands then,” Keith said, “although you can’t land a boat like that there unless you either have a dinghy or you meet another, smaller boat.”
“I came to exactly the same conclusion,” said George, “let’s head over there and take a look.”
.
The Broken Islands is one of the three major components of the Pacific Rim Park. It lies at the opening to Barkley Sound, between Ucluelet and Bamfield, and comprises of over a hundred small islands, islets and rocky outcroppings. In the summer months it’s a haven for kayakers who come from all over the world but in October it’s only the more intrepid that venture out.
Slowly the bright orange rigid hull inflatable closed with the most seaward of the islands, uncomfortable in the fifteen foot swell. As soon as they rounded into the lea of an island the sea became like glass and a vista of blue, studded with emerald, opened up in front of them.
“Now you see why it’s so popular,” said the instructor, “once sheltered from the ocean it’s like a lake, perfectly safe for small boats and kayaks. The area’s a zoo in July and August but now that the schools are back it’s more as it should be.”
.
They ghosted along, the big outboard barely muttering behind them, the silence only broken by the calling of the gulls. The water was clear and cold and in the shallower areas you could easily see the bottom……it was like an aquarium. The deeper areas were a darker blue the surface only broken by the white buoys marking crab traps.
“I don’t see anywhere where you could take a larger boat close in,” said George.
“Then, if this is where they came, what were they doing?” said Jen taking another photograph.
“Jeez Jen…..how many photos have you taken with that thing?” asked George laughing. “Typical bloody tourist but it’s a good question. What were they doing? Perhaps we’re wrong and they didn’t come in here at all………bloody mystery. Maybe we have to go back to the drawing board. Damn I was sure we’d figure it out if we came up here, let’s head home.”
The instructor opened up the throttle and the boat settled into a plane hissing towards Bamfield in the distance across the open water.
.
O’Brian liked to be pampered, probably a result of having had so little when he was younger in the Falls Road area of Belfast and later living a Spartan like existence in the army. His association with the ‘movement’ had provided opportunity for branching out on his own and, in some instances piggy backing on the fund raising operations. He didn’t know how his masters would react to this knowledge however although they seemed to be happy with his results so far, whoever they are, he thought. In actual fact he had no idea who they were. Everything was done in a ‘cut out’ manner. He had a relationship with O’Bannion in Belfast but that was as far as it went. In the other direction he had a relationship with Callahan who was his prime soldier if he needed anything and Federov was his security contact……and that was it, he thought.
He worked and lived in a bubble, his wife and kids back in suburban Thurrock, east of London, thinking of him as a successful business man in the marine industry, a good family man, a supporter of the local Catholic Church which was all true. They just didn’t know about his extra-curricular business. What they don’t know can’t possibly hurt them he thought to himself.
.
He stood in the window of the Pacific Hotel in Victoria. He was not registered as O’Brian. He thought about how he had got here and how secure he was. For years now he had had another identity, carefully built up over time. He had travelled and was registered as Donald Haddow. The original Donald had died quite young according to the gravestone in a Norfolk churchyard. It had been easy to apply for a replacement birth certificate and with that he only had to go through the formalities to obtain a new passport.
Over time he had built up what he knew was referred to as a ‘legend’ in spy circles. He had a driver’s license, legitimate bank accounts with sufficient transactions as to not draw attention, credit cards and membership in a racquet club in London that he attended regularly as Donald Haddow. The address he provided was that of a small row house down in Tilbury, part of the rejuvenation program down there. The place was leased to a young family all unknown to his own family in Thurrock.
.
After the visit from Reggie Harrison, whoever he was, claiming to be from some maritime company called IRAC he had taken steps to be ultra careful. He had deliberately slowed down the pace of the current operation and had asked Callahan to have a chat with MacDonald to find out if anything unusual was going on. He hadn’t asked him to kill him. Bloody idiot he thought, that, and the job on the sailboat, had potentially brought down more attention than he’d experienced in all the time they’d been in business. That’s why he was here.
He’d had no alternative but to assume someone was watching him although, if they were, they were very good at it. He’d had someone drive him to Ramsgate and made a specific effort to lose a potential tail in Canterbury……actually around the Cathedral as he wanted to have a look at it anyway. From Ramsgate he had taken the ferry to Oostende, now travelling as Haddow, from Oostende the train to Amsterdam and from there a direct KLM flight to Vancouver. He’d stayed in the Delta overnight and the following morning the quick connector over to Victoria.
.
From where he stood he could see the Inner Harbour and the Adagio in her berth in front of the hotel. He could not see either Zakayev or Azimov on board from where he was. He thought he’d take a stroll around the harbour after lunch with his camera. They had no idea what he looked like but he certainly wanted to be able to recognize them in the future. He knew that Azimov had a relationship with Federov as that’s how they got the information concerning the guy on the sailboat. Why Callahan had to blow them up was totally beyond him and he wished now he’d never provided them with the boat’s location. The man was a loose cannon and eventually would have to be dealt with although he knew he would have to do that himself.
.
George and Jen retraced their steps from Bamfield back to Steveston although the instructor had run them up to Port Alberni in one of the coastguard’s high speed inflateables rather than wait for the ferry.  Once back in Port Alberni they picked up the Mazda and set off back via Nanaimo; for the time being they didn’t dare go back to Victoria.
At no time did they spot the young Asian guy that had loosely followed them all the way there and back. Hector’s first commitment to Robbie McElroy was that nothing would happen to either George or Jen on his watch……………………. he’d been lucky in Lund.


Chapter 21
“I have some information for you from my father,” said Trevor Pan, “I also have the packages you requested in the back of my car.”
They were all sitting back in the living room in the farmhouse in Steveston, George, Jennie, O’Rourke and Rafferty listening to Trevor who stood with his back to the fire.
“We’ve found the two people you were looking for, The Irishman and the Russian but they’re not here anymore. They’ve rented a housekeeping cottage over in Metchosin just outside Victoria.”
“That’s great news,” said George looking at Jen, “that means that the only player still unaccounted for is O’Brian. I’ll bet you dollars to donuts he’s not too far away, I mean we know he’s in Canada but you can be sure he’s using a different identity. We know a lot more about him than we did before. It would be a good idea to distribute that photo we got of him from the Commander……. you never know your luck. We should get copies for ourselves and Hector’s people.”
“If he wants to be closer to the action” said Jen “we can assume he’s also on the Island which puts all the players over there which means we’re in the wrong place….safe as it may be.”
“You’re quite right, Jen, we’re all going to have to up stakes and move. The trouble is there are more of us now, we need to be unobtrusive and don’t forget you and I are supposed to be dead! There’s another problem, we’re going to need somewhere to stay and this time the base in Esquimault is out of the question.”
“My father has ordered my brothers and I to give you every help and cooperation,” said Trevor. “I will find you suitable accommodation in or around Victoria, we have a significant presence over there so it shouldn’t be difficult after all it’s the second oldest Chinatown in North America even if we are Vietnamese,” he said laughing. “As for getting you over there you should take the van and the Mazda, you’ll probably end up needing two vehicles anyway. I will give you a contact number in Victoria in case you need anything…….. and I mean anything Mr. Mudd. The contact will know you as Mr. Brenner.”
George thought for a few seconds,
“You know no one knows either Jimmy or Tim so let’s put them somewhere close to the Adagio, perhaps one of the hotels on the harbour. Jen and I will have to be a little further away but on the Metchosin side of Victoria for convenience. I’m pretty sure the marina up the harbour has floating cottages to rent, maybe we could take one of those for a week; it’s far enough away but strategically located. I agree that we take the two vehicles but on different ferries, different days…..make for good tactics.”
“Jeez George you make it sound like a military operation,” said Jen smiling at him.
“All I know Jen is that there are three people dead plus my dog. There’s not going to be any more. Show me the stuff you brought me Trevor and we’ll transfer it into the van. Maybe bring your car into the shed we can do it in there.”
.
Once in the shed Trevor opened up his trunk and started to transfer the items into the van.
“Two M16s with 400 rounds of ammo, two semi auto handguns in 9mil with two boxes of ammo, 4 sets of coveralls all in ‘large’ size, 3 sets of camo suits in cotton, a box of disposable surgical gloves, a set of tools in a plastic tool box and a propane blow torch. Everything you ordered Mr.Mudd.”
“That’s great Trevor,” said George as he carefully checked everything off into the van.
“My father insisted on adding some items as a gift,” said Trevor, “there are four disposable cell phones all of which are untraceable and have been pre-programmed with all the phone numbers you might need. I have added my own number and that of your contact in Victoria…….just in case. He also had one of my brothers have a look at the cottage in Metchosin. He has added a pair of night vision goggles in case you might need them.”
.
George’s eyes went up questioningly.
“Mr.Mudd there is perhaps something you don’t know about my father. I am sure you have investigated him as thoroughly as you can but it is important to him that you understand what I am about to say……as I have been instructed to say. My father is a traditionalist. He does not deal, neither does he condone, the use of drugs of any kind. He has seen the damage it does in schools and did not want either myself or my brothers to have anything to do with it. He does not deal in guns although he has acquired some for you because he knows what you are going to do with them. Finally we do not deal in human trafficking. Our businesses are strictly traditional in nature yet extensive. In Western Canada you might say we are the leaders in our field.”
“Trevor I think there is more that you are not telling me but, as is usually the case, most questions get answered in the long run.” Trevor nodded his head in understanding. “There is one other thing I am going to need that perhaps you can help me with. I will need a small space, preferably out of the way where I would not be disturbed. Somewhere I could play a radio extremely loud and not disturb the neighbors.” Again Trevor nodded his head.
“I have the ideal place for you. We have a small distribution building in Saanich. We use it almost every day. It is where we break down the shipments from this farm into smaller deliveries on the Island. There is quite a large cooler there that at this time of the year does not get used; in fact the compressors are off. You could play your radio in their full volume without bothering anyone. I will see you have the address and a set of keys before you leave. The supervisor there is Brian Wong he reports directly to me. I will speak to him shortly.”


Chapter 22
“This is cute,” said Jen.
They were sitting in the tiny living room of a rented float home up the harbour from downtown, out of sight of the Inner Harbour and right across from the Coast Guard Buildings. The cottage barely rocked with a passing wake and had a good view over the water. ‘Large’ was not it’s strong point but it was most certainly cute.
.
They had arrived that afternoon using the van which was now parked up by the marina office. They had made a quick detour, turning off the Pat Bay Highway onto Keating Cross Road, and having a quick look at the warehouse Trevor Pan had described, the keys for which were now sitting in George’s pocket. O’Rourke and Rafferty were staying in the Pacific Hotel, closer to the Inner Harbor, with a good sight line on the Adagio still sitting at the dock having arrived the day previously. They had divided up their ‘tools of the trade’ but George, having the van, had kept the larger items. Jen had taken the flash card out of her camera and was running a slide show for herself on the laptop.
“You know, George, I’ve taken hundreds of photos. I’m going to have to categorize them or I’ll never remember where they were taken. I’ve got tons of the boat, Lund with Mary the Harbor Master, Princess Louisa, Ballet Bay, Victoria, Ucluelet, The Broken Islands, Bamfield and Keith Johnson even the ferry from Port Alberni. I should probably delete most of them……there’s a lot of duplicates.”
She continued the flick through the photos periodically hitting the delete button.
“I thought you said the Broken Islands was a Park, George,” she asked.
“I did…..that’s quite right. It’s part of the Pacific Rim Park as far as I know”
“Does that include the water?”
“Absolutely, I think only about ten percent is actual land the rest is part of Barkely Sound.”
“Then why are there all these crab pots everywhere? I would have thought that if it was a park you wouldn’t be able to go after crab, mind you nothing is stopping you fishing so I guess it must be the same.”
“Let me see,” said George.
He went back to the beginning of the file and started scrolling through the shots again. She had about thirty in total most of them taken as soon as they had gotten out of the ocean swell and into the shelter of the islands. In many there were white crab pots scattered about all of them in relatively deep water.
“Go back to the beginning,” said George.
He stared at each one carefully. He picked up his cell phone.
“Bamfield Coastguard how may I help you?”
“By any chance is Keith Johnston there please if not I’ll give you a number for him to call.”


Chapter 23
O’Rourke and Rafferty were well settled into the Pacific Hotel. They were discussing where to eat and get a pint. The previous evening they had made like tourists and found a perfectly acceptable pub on Government Street. They both had their cell phones and had been told to enjoy life and wait for a call from George.
They were sitting in the hotel bar trying to decide where to go for dinner although, as Tim pointed out, there really wasn’t too much wrong with where they were. Whilst they were pouring over some of the tourist literature Jimmy had picked up in the lobby a tall, well dressed gentleman came into the bar and sat at a table with his back to the wall. Jimmy grabbed Tim by the arm and said,
“I know exactly where we’ll go, have some faith and follow me.” With that he stood up and walked out of the bar with Tim Rafferty following on his heels. They walked out of the hotel, turned right and headed in the direction of the Inner Harbour and the Empress. Ducking into Menzies Street Jimmy stopped, grabbed Tim by the arm.
“Keep on going down to the Empress. Go to the entrance to the Bombay Room and wait for me there, I won’t be long.”
Tim knew enough not to start asking questions and immediately left for the hotel a couple of hundred yards further on past the Legislature Buildings. Jimmy stood in the shadows of the trees for a few minutes then crossed the street and stood by the harbour wall like any other tourist. After a few more minutes he crossed the street again and walked down to the Cenotaph in front of the Government Buildings. He walked around it looking at all the inscriptions and watching down the road in the direction of the Pacific Hotel. Satisfied he walked on to meet Tim.
“What the bloody hell was that all about?” asked Tim.
“The fella that walked into the bar Tim……it was O’Brian!”
George’s cell phone buzzed on the table.
“That’ll be Keith up in Bamfield,” he said to Jen reaching over to pick it up.
“George…..it’s Jimmy. I just saw O’Brian in the Pacific Hotel. He didn’t make us at least I don’t think he did. We’ve no tail anyway. We’re in the Empress.”
“Well done Jimmy saves us having to go look for him. Don’t worry about him I’ll get Trevor’s boys on him. Hop down to the docks in front of the hotel and grab one of the harbour ferries……they’re still running…….have them drop you and Tim off at the Westbay Marina. I’ll keep an eye out for you.”
.
Half an hour later all four were crammed in the living room of the tiny little float home.
“I’ve sorted keeping a watch on O’Brian. This is great, now we know where everyone is. We just need one more piece of the puzzle then we can plan what we’re going to do, I’m just waiting for a guy to call me. Hopefully he’s going to confirm my suspicions. In the meantime let’s all have a beer, we just stocked up! You know, thinking about it, I think we should move you. If he bumps into you even though he doesn’t know you he’s sufficiently skittish to question two Irishmen hanging out together in the same hotel. I think you should doss down in here tonight and tomorrow morning I’ll have someone go in, grab your stuff and the car and get out of there. Maybe the two of you on the Base would work. You can walk there from here. I’ll talk to Jonny in the morning.”
.
The sun came up the following morning but you couldn’t see it. By the time the average working man got to work in Victoria the wind was gusting down the harbour pushing rain and drizzle in front of it…….a gloomy day by any standards……halyards clacking away in the marina…..boats straining against their lines in the slips.
.
George had walked over to the Base to have breakfast with Jonny leaving Jen, Tim and Jimmy to fend for themselves. He arranged for the two Irishmen to be billeted on the base and given restricted security passes.
“We found O’Brian,” said George over his second cup of coffee.
“You did what?” said Jonny incredulously.
“Well we didn’t really find him it was more sort of tripped up over him. Jimmy recognized him in the Pacific Hotel that’s why I moved him and Tim Rafferty out of there. I’ve got somebody keeping an eye on him just now.”
“You do…..who? said Jonny questioningly. George thought about this one for a moment. He knew he’d just slipped up. There were times when the less Jonny knew the better off he was.
“I have a relationship with a group of people over here that are committed to helping me out Jonny……that’s probably about as much as I want to say about it just now. Of course you could insist I tell you but it might be a bit self defeating just now. Once this operation is over I’ll fill you in. Might just be an important asset for you going forward.”
His phone vibrated on his belt.
“Maybe this is the call I’ve been waiting for,” he said.
“ Mr.Mudd…….Keith Johnston up in Bamfield, I just got your message, how can I help you?”
“I’m with Major Irvine, Keith, so I’ll put you on speakerphone. The Broken Island Group…..is that a Marine Park?”
“Yes it is Sir……it’s actually part of the Pacific Rim Park.”
“Is there a commercial fishery in there……particularly a crab fishery?”
“Not any more…….there used to be but the Ucluelet First Nation called in the Department of Fisheries some time ago to study the fishery. The net result being they imposed a moratorium on the fishery to give it time to recuperate as it was getting fished out. Most of the crab fishing is done just off the entrance to Ucluelet or in the harbour itself. Of course some of the tourists put down crab pots but it’s almost impossible to police that and they really don’t make too much of a dint in things anyway.”
“When we ran by there the other day, just inside Wouwer Island, there were at least a dozen new floats in the water. We were looking at the photos just last night, seems a bit strange this time of year. Most of the tourists have left for the year and you’re saying there’s no commercial fishing there.”
“That’s right.”
“OK, with the Major’s approval, who’s sitting right here, I want you to do something for us. I want you to get out there……..on your own Keith……and pull one of those traps. It is imperative you not be seen so I will leave it to your best judgment. You must be sure there’s no one on any of the surrounding islands watching you. Whatever you find I want you to report to either myself or the major and replace it as though it’s never been touched, is that clear?”
“Shouldn’t be a problem Sir. We’re scheduled to do a routine pass through there today anyway. We’re tasked with policing some of the more formal campgrounds so that’ll give us a good looksee at the Islands then I’ll go back this evening. I know the area really well so running back in the dark will not be a problem. I will need someone to clear it with my CO though.”
“I’ll look after that Keith,” said Jonny, “we’ll put it down to a security matter.”
“Gotta small scale chart of the area?” asked Jonny. “I want to see how far it is from here to the Broken Islands. Maybe we can keep an eye on things from the satellite?”
.
Later in the day back at the float home
“OK folks….this is where we’re at. I’m expecting a call from Trevor or one of his guys. You’ll be checked out of the hotel. Your car, with all your gear, will be here in the parking lot, the keys in the office. Go round the corner to the gates of the Navy Yard and ask for Major Irvine. He’s going to billet you on the Base. Soon as you’re settled come back here……I’ll give you a key to the marina gate. I’m expecting another call this evening and after that we can decide on a course of action.”


Chapter 24
George lay motionless and almost invisible in his camo suit, O’Rourke was fifty yards behind him keeping an eye on the road that led to the row of cottages overlooking Albert Head Lagoon in Metchosin. After waiting for it to be completely dark they had been dropped off by one of Trevor’s men with an arrangement to be picked up later. They had quickly disappeared into the thick brush, a typical West Coast mixture of Arbutus, Pine and Sumac.
.
George lay on top of a rock outcropping half way up a small ridge which guaranteed him not being seen against the horizon. Below him a row of four housekeeping cottages with a larger private house off to the right. Everything was shades of green through the ATN night vision goggles provided by Hector Pan. The main house was obviously occupied, the lighted windows showing brightly through the goggles even with the bright light suppression system. The four cottages were dark without any cars in sight. Callahan was supposed to be in the end cottage, the one closest to the road. He keyed the transmit button on the handheld radio.
“Jimmy I’m going down to have a good look around. Anybody comes down the road….two clicks that’s all.”
“OK boss.”
George slowly inched himself down towards the cottage his cotton clothing soundless. There was no traffic noise and no noise from the big house over to his right. The only sound the sound of his breathing and the odd night sound of the creatures that occupied the brush. It was drizzling slightly without any light from the moon. Perfect he thought except I’m getting soaked. The cottage was larger than it looked from the top of the hill with a carport to one side, empty now, a back door and a verandah on the front with a good view of the lagoon. It was pretty obvious that the cottage was currently empty a. He quickly stepped up onto the balcony. Great it didn’t creak he thought. Glancing through a window he could see that the place was currently occupied. There were some items of clothing scattered about and a large street map spread out on the coffee table. The numbers on the microwave and the oven glowed brightly through  the goggles. He could see that the back door opened up into the open plan living room with what must be a bedroom and washroom over to the right. He’d seen everything he needed to see.
“I’m heading back Jimmy but I’m going to find a spot closer in, stay in position for now I want to eyeball these guys when they come back.”
One click in his ear was the response. He found himself a comfortable position within easy reach and sight of the carport and settled down to wait. His world was eerie through the goggles. One by one the lights in the big house went out. He looked at his watch……the evening news is over everyone’s gone to bed he thought. Two clicks in his ear told him that perhaps the wait was over. The headlights were bright in the goggles, the car, a late model Toyota, crunched over the gravel of the driveway and pulled into the car port. Two men got out. The driver was a big man with a military bearing, the other not that tall but broad in the shoulder and looked powerful.
Gotcha thought George……Callahan and Federov!
.
He lay in bed that night, Jen at his side. She was curled up with her back to him still not even wearing a tee shirt. She certainly didn’t seem to have any trouble sleeping. He lay there staring at the ceiling feeling the barely discernible motion of the float home. He knew he was torn, torn between his idea of retribution and the notion of letting the law take its course. Although he hadn’t heard from Keith Johnston up in Bamfield he had a good idea as far as the crab traps were concerned. All Jonny had to do was keep the tail on the Adagio and collar them all in the act, so to speak ,leaving George and Jen to do whatever they liked. All well and good he thought but there is no proof that Callahan killed MacDonald or that he blew up the boat and killed Mary. There would be no retribution for Zakayev who he knew killed Gyp. It had to be him….the other guys weren’t even in Victoria. Callahan and Zakayev had made it personal, he would focus on them and let the law take care of the others…….the problem was how?


Chapter 25
He was making coffee early the next morning when his cell phone started to vibrate on the kitchen table like some demented insect.
“Keith Johnson here up in Bamfield. I did exactly as you asked last night, looks like drugs. I checked a couple of the floats, there are crab traps there but in each trap there’s a waterproof package about the size of three or four bricks. I left them exactly as they were. What do you want us to do?”
“Absolutely nothing,” said George, “I’m going to set up an operation which you might or might not be involved in…..it’s not up to me, it’ll be set up by the Canadian Security Forces. I don’t want you going back there or discussing it with anyone for the time being, Major Irvine will be in touch with your CO very soon.”
.
Later that morning they were all sitting in Jonny’s office on the base.
“Well now we know where everyone is and we know exactly what is going on the question is where do we go from here?” said George. “By the way I heard from my sources that O’Brian is registered and is travelling as Donald Haddow.”
“I’ll talk to London and have them do a follow up on the name” said Jonny, “the problem is that although we know exactly what is going on, all we have is circumstantial evidence concerning the drugs, the episode in Lund and MacDonald’s murder. We need to catch them in the act as regards the drugs and the rest will fall into place. I’m pretty sure we’ll be able to get one of them to roll on the others once we have them all locked up. The key is the Adagio……I’m going to put an operation together that we’ll set into motion the moment she moves. I’ll use, as lead, the JTF-2 the equivalent of the British SAS group, doesn’t need to be too complicated after all we have our eye in the sky.”
.
“What do you think fellas?” asked George. O’Rourke, Rafferty were sitting in the float home sampling one of Mr Jameson’s products.
“All sounds too simple to me’” said Jimmy, “I think we should take out the two guys in the cottage.”
“I agree,” said George,” I’m not that bothered about the Russians although I think we should hurt Zakayev for what he did to Gyp…………….. the one I want is Callahan.”
.
He lay in exactly the same spot he had occupied two nights before except that tonight it wasn’t raining. They had been dropped off after dark by one of Trevor’s men who had taken the van and was waiting for a call to pick them all up. Once all loaded they were to drive to Saanich and the soundproof, walk in cooler in the distribution center owned by Hector Pan.
He dug his hip into the loam under the tree comforted by the weight of the Sig in the shoulder holster. He went over the plan in his mind for the tenth time. It was simple really. Tim was settled into the thick brush bordering the lagoon directly in front of the cottage, Jimmy was tucked in to the side of the carport and he had the back door. Once Callahan and Federov were in the cottage he and Tim would simultaneously enter using the front and back doors knowing from their previous visit that both doors entered the living room. Jimmy would disable their Toyota and cover the windows facing the laneway. All they had to do was wait!
.
They were virtually invisible in their camo suits. All four cottages were dark in the glow of his night vision goggles. The main house off to his right was brightly lit, the sounds of the TV easily carrying on the night air. Other than that the only sounds were the frogs in the lagoon and the murmur of the occasional vehicle passing down the road a few hundred yards away.
.
Slowly the lights in the big house went out and the TV was turned off. George looked at his watch, 2330 hours he thought, shouldn’t be long now, he was waiting for the couple of clicks on the radio that would tell him of the approach of the car although tonight he would hear it for sure long before it arrived. At 0300 he keyed the radio and whispered,
“Fellas I’m going to slide down to the back of the cottage. Have a quick looksee. I’ve got a bad feeling about this.” Fifteen minutes later he called in the other two to meet him up the hill.
“I think they’ve done a bunk,” he said, “the place is neat and tidy with nothing lying around. I think we’ve been had or we’re just plain unlucky. Let’s hike out and call up the ride home.”


Chapter 26
“O’Brian’s disappeared,” said Jonny, “we’re checking the flights out of both Victoria and Vancouver in both this name and Haddow, there’s no sign whatsoever of Callahan and Federov. It gets worse too ……for the last few days we’ve only seen Zakayev on the Adagio, Azimov seems to have disappeared too.”
“I’ve got a bad feeling about this whole bloody thing,” said George, “I think we’ve been had. We should have the coastguard check those traps again in the Broken Islands…..quietly and at night like last time.”
“I’ll look after that straight away,” said Jonny, “see if I can get them to go out there tonight.”
.
Back at the float home all four of them sitting out on the tiny verandah watching the boat traffic.
“The Adagio was a blind,” said George, “I guarantee the drugs are gone and everybody with them. The only guy still in sight is Zakayev who we grab tonight. I’m not waiting for Jonny to come to the same conclusion and then either seeing this guy disappear like the rest or have him arrested and beyond our reach. We’re either dealing with someone who is very, very smart or they’re getting some inside information. We just lost this battle but not the war.”


PART TWO BLIGHTY


Chapter 27
George stood at the paddock fence, one foot on the lower rail, watching one of the foals discovering that she could run. You never really know how spring is going to arrive in Herefordshire in the south of England he thought to himself. Sometimes it’s suddenly just there as though it crept up on you overnight whilst you were sleeping. Other times it was slow and steady the crocuses and daffodils pushing their buds up through the remaining thin snow searching for the watery sun, the ducks gingerly walking over the thin ice on the pond expecting to fall through any minute……not that they minded.
.
This year, the spring had been slow and steady. It was April already but they’d been lucky with the weather. It was still cool in the mornings, particularly if the breeze was out of the west but the sun soon warmed up their world. The paddocks were sufficiently dry to allow Mr. Iredale to put the horses out in the morning although they were still putting hay out for them as the grass needed time to grow. They’d had four foals this spring, two more than last year but he really didn’t want to be in the horse business. He still had the yearlings from last year plus the mares and the barn was almost full. He reminded himself to talk to Terry about getting rid of last year’s crop and hoped that the mares hadn’t yet been bred back although knowing Terry it had probably been done straight away, perhaps he could get rid of a couple of mares in foal as they were all well bred.
.
He unbuttoned his Barbour riding jacket as the sun warmed his back. One of the labs lying at his feet was eying the foal and obviously considering it as a new plaything. He told the dogs to forget it and reinforced his ‘stay’ command. Looking at the dog took his mind back to the fiasco in Canada the previous autumn. It was already five months ago but he and Jen had only been home since just before Christmas having had a holiday in Mexico after everything had gone sideways. The more he thought about it the more he was convinced that there was an insider passing on information. His experience in Counter Terrorism work and his years with the SAS made him more than just cynical when it came to ‘coincidences.’ He flatly didn’t believe in them or rather it was dangerous to believe in them, better to act or react as though everything happened to a pre-determined plan. If it turned out to be a coincidence then so be it…..at least you’re still alive to come to that conclusion.
.
O’Brian had disappeared only to re-appear in London as though nothing had happened. Although they were aware of his involvement they had no proof and were not able to take any action other than keep him under surveillance. Callahan and Federov had faded out of the picture although Callahan had surfaced in Boston to meet with his brother. The Toyota they had been using, when at the cottage in Metchosin, had been found abandoned in Kamloops with two double kayaks in racks on the roof. Two men, with kayaks, had been identified on the MV Frances Barkley as Azimov and Federov and had been dropped off at Sechart leaving them with a simple paddle to the site of the crab traps. Zakayev had been found on the Adagio with two shattered kneecaps. He and the boat had been returned to the Americans although no one knew exactly what had happened to Zakayev…….he would never walk properly again.
.
What a cock up he thought. The drugs had disappeared although now they knew the ‘how’ of it but the proceeds had never been deposited in any of the accounts that were being watched. He turned and leaned against the fence pulling his flat cap further over his eyes to shade them from the sun. The house glowed in the light of the morning sun, the 18th century stone appearing grey and yellow, accented by the white trim of the woodwork. Terry had already done the spring cleanup in the flower beds close to the house but it was still a little early to be planting the annuals. Later in the year this side of the house would be a riot of color with the Clematis climbing up the wall. Of course it was far too big for just the two of them. He had bought it before he had met Jen and whilst his first wife had been alive. Jen had insisted they keep it and had put her own ‘mark’ on it. It was a Georgian house classified as Category 2 by the National Trust so there were limitations as to what they could do with it. The only truly modern, state of the art addition was the alarm system which had been updated two years previously as a result of what had become known as ‘the golf course killings.’ It incorporated not only alarms on the house itself but also motion sensors in the woods surrounding the property. The monitors were in the gate house occupied by Terry Iredale and his wife Margaret who acted as housekeeper up at the big house.
.
The car coming up the quarter mile driveway through the aisle of old Beeches intruded on his thoughts. He walked round the corner of the house with the dogs in tow to greet the driver in the forecourt of the old house. He’d recognized him, Dave Rowden……..Major Dave Rowden actually of the 1st Parachute Regiment. He`d had dealings with him before when he was seconded to the Counter Terrorist ask Force and they’d ended up good friends. Although he`d been given the opportunity to work up in London he had opted to stay in Hereford and was expected to get married shortly to his girlfriend Pauline. He was a regular visitor to the house, although not normally during the week or this early in the morning. The car came to a halt on the red gravel forecourt.
“Morning Dave…..what brings you out here during the week? Let’s go in the breakfast room and grab a coffee.” They settled down around the table sipping on the coffees brought in by Mrs. Iredale the fire merrily crackling away the dogs lying under the table.
“A snippet of information crossed my desk, George, that might interest you. As you know when ‘incidents’ occur our central information system throws out all the links and forwards information to officers that might be active in the service. Your friend O’Bannion, who, as you know, had been sent down not so long ago for terrorist activity was murdered in jail yesterday. It makes me wonder if that affair you got caught up in Canada has actually died a death or if there’s a link. Under the heading of ‘there’s no such thing as a coincidence’ it’s worth taking a look at don’t you think?”
“I think you’re right Dave, I stew over this thing pretty much every day. O’Bannion was the only guy we could actually prosecute, the only one on who we actually had any proof. The Russian bloke Zakayev is doing time for stealing that boat and for illegal entry into the US but that’s it! What pisses me off is that they seemed to be one jump ahead of us all the time.”
Dave got up, poured himself another coffee and went and stood in front of the fire.
“You know, George, O’Bannion was bumped off for one of two reasons excluding the ‘coincidence factor.’ One is that it was simply retribution for spilling the beans to us not that he had too much option knowing O’Rourke and Rafferty,” he said smiling ruefully, “the other, and the one of some concern, is that he was killed to keep him quiet. Now that’s a different kettle of fish altogether. The inference is that he knew something that he hadn’t told us and someone doesn’t want us to know. The danger is that if there is something going on that ‘something’ might have found its way here to the UK which makes it very much our business.”
George stretched out his cavalry twilled legs and gazed thoughtfully out of the mullioned window to the paddock beyond.
“I think you’re quite right to be suspicious Dave,” he said, “I just stumbled into that affair in Canada. I was in the wrong place at the wrong time. The odds of me snagging that body on my line had to be millions to one. If it wasn’t for that we’d be down in the South Pacific by now ogling dusky maidens on white sandy beaches…….something like that anyway,” he said laughing, “by the way I just got paid out by the insurance company. The authorities in Canada put it down to an accidental propane explosion otherwise I probably wouldn’t have got a penny. Jen is pushing me to buy another boat but I’m in no hurry just now. Having said that though the more I think about it the more I become convinced that information was being leaked. That information cost two innocent people their lives and me my boat.”
“Any idea who it might have been?” asked Dave. George thought for a moment.
“You know there aren’t that many people really who knew what was going on. There’s Jonny Irvine the CSIS guy in Victoria, Hector Pan and his son Trevor in Vancouver and Harry Vance the Homeland Security chap in Seattle. All the other people only knew parts of the whole and not enough of the overall picture. If I was a betting man I’d put it down to either Hector Pan or his son Trevor…….perhaps the two of them……I dunno.”
“Well perhaps it’s time to give it over to the Commander,” said Dave, “he has excellent contacts in Washington at a senior level within the FBI, maybe they can have a discrete look at all four.”


Chapter 28
O’Brian stood at the picture window looking down onto Jardine Road, in the heart of the old docklands in the East End. The rain slanted down softening the hard edges of the buildings and almost obscured his view of the river between the buildings on the other side of the road.
What a bloody, gloomy day he thought, suits my mood. For sure the authorities have him under surveillance which just served to make the game that more difficult. The fact that he knew was quite sufficient in itself. He wasn’t sure if they were aware of his alter persona……. Donald Haddow happily living in Tilbury. He really should make the effort to find out, he should make contact. Thinking on that reminded him how lucky he’d been in Canada. If it wasn’t for his contact he’d be spending the rest of his days in a cell and the movement would be dead. He’d dealt with the very dangerous loose end of O’Bannion although he couldn’t be totally sure of how much he’d divulged. He knew that the bank accounts had all been compromised and that the authorities knew about the drugs but did they know the rest? Callahan had organized the O’Bannion thing for him although nothing altered the fact that, at some point in time, Callahan would in have to be dealt with for jeopardizing the entire operation by his rash moves in Canada. He was in London now and would stay out of sight until instructed otherwise. Federov was lying low in Amsterdam waiting for instructions and Azimov was in Russia finalizing the delivery details.
.
He sat at his desk ruminating whether or not sufficient time had passed to put the second phase of the operation into motion. He’d lain low now for over five months. He’d continued to run the business, the freighters legitimately plying the oceans of the world. For five months he’d done nothing to draw attention to himself. The Glen Monarch had been assigned a new skipper by the owners and was currently en route for the Far East again. He looked at the phone on the desk irritated by the knowledge that someone was listening. He also assumed the offices were bugged although he’d never gone to the trouble to find out for sure…….. just act normally, certainly carefully. Was he being followed? He actually didn’t know. If so they must be very good because he’d never spotted anyone…….assume the worst.
.
It wasn’t difficult to communicate, under the radar so to speak, it was just a pain in the arse. He periodically had to buy pre-paid phones and he could use Callahan or the Russians if push came to shove. Everything now required the utmost care, he would have to use cut-outs wherever possible……..he’d learnt that the hard way through O’Bannion. The less any one individual knew the better. He let his mind wander. The sale of the drugs in Canada had been straightforward. They’d been sold in Toronto and the cash exchanged for cut diamonds. The risk had been in getting the diamonds out of the country and into the safety deposit box in Berlin where they now resided waiting for him to put the next phase into motion. His mind wandered even further back to his time in the Irish Guards, to his upbringing in the Falls Road area of Belfast, to his total commitment to ‘The Cause.’ For twenty years he had quietly worked with one end in mind…..a united Ireland…..free from the yoke of the British whilst at the same time lining his own pocket whenever the opportunity presented itself. His splinter
.
.
Group of the IRA had slowly been eroded by the British Security Services but there were sufficient left, with the help of the Russian Mafia, to finish the job…….the end was in sight.
The funds and the people were in place all it needed was for him to push the button to start the next phase.
He looked at the vessel schedule on the screen on his desk, the Kiko Maru a Japanese registered freighter, was due to dock at the Port of Amsterdam within approximately two weeks. There she was to partially unload her cargo and then carry on to London. She was similar in nature to the Glen Monarch in that she specialized in general cargo and was managed by ‘Break Bulk Marine Management.’ Right now the AIS system showed her docked in Halifax, Canada but scheduled to leave within a couple of days.
.
Azimov was actually not in Russia rather he was in the Ukraine, just outside Odessa to be specific. He moved his fingers over the 22 carat glass holder feeling the heat from the tea. He could tell, in fact he recognized, the glass as being Lomonosov glass and the tea having that typical smoky taste reminiscent of a different time. The solid silver Samovar on the sideboard reminded him of a luxury he had never and would never attain.
The room was luxurious reflecting the rest of the dacha situated on the shore just to the east of Odessa. The style was neo-classical although far too ornate for his taste. He had arrived here via Athens and Istanbul and, after presenting his Ukrainian passport, had been whisked in a very large, very quiet Mercedes into the presence of his host.
“You said both your father and grandfather fought in the Great War?” His voice was raspy from too many cheap Russian cigarettes one of which he held now in the typical Russian manner between thumb and forefinger. Azimov could see the nicotine stains on his hand….the cigarette stank. He remained silent considering the question rhetorical and in the knowledge that this old man surely knew everything about both him and his family.
“I too fought in the Great War, defended Moscow and then chased the Nazis back into Germany and into Berlin itself. After the war I stayed by comrade Stalin’s side and his successors until it came time to retire. Although I retired a Major General I certainly didn’t retire into this,” he waved his arm holding the cigarette to encompass the lavish and ornate room, “no this came later after the Soviet was no more and we had to fend for ourselves.” His black eyes looked at Azimov over his glass of tea. “We had to make our own way…..a new way…..a way we would never have considered in the old days. Now it is a way of life…..and of death. Now we are international with branches on all the continents.”
.
Azimov nodded his head in respect. Not many men got so far as to meet face to face with this frail old man and he marveled at the weight his employer must have had in order to arrange it.
He was intensely aware that this old man could snuff out his life by simply snapping his fingers, he was equally aware that the old man’s organization could meet their needs......for a price. He’d already considered that for him to have got this far was an expression of interest on their part and for him to be sitting in this room, with a man who was more powerful than some small governments, was no small feat. The old man lit another cigarette from the butt of the one burnt down to his fingers.
“How is your friend Federov?” he asked pleasantly.
“He is fine Sir and waiting for me in Amsterdam.”
The old man coughed, his thin chest heaving with the exertion.
“These cigarettes will kill me but it is too far gone now so why stop? I do not know Federov personally but I knew his father. We fought together in the Great Winter.....we were quite close for a while. It was I that got him out of prison......perhaps that is one of the reasons you are sitting here with me now but enough of all that you are not here to listen to the ramblings of an old man......we have business!
.
We have what you requested. It can safely be delivered to anywhere in Europe within three days of you giving us the go ahead. The price is two million American dollars which is totally non-negotiable, however, for that price we will include a technician to provide instruction and of course it includes the delivery charge.” He smiled thinly and sucked on the yellow cardboard cigarette. “I understand you intended to pay in cut diamonds however for this amount that is not acceptable, we do not choose to be in the speculative gem market. You will have to undertake to convert the diamonds into dollars......again Azimov this is non-negotiable.” His tone had subtly changed and he recognized the steel behind the ‘old man’ facade. “We will not meet again. You will be provided with a contact in Amsterdam. Five days before your day of delivery you will provide us with the delivery instructions and pay one million dollars, the balance to be paid upon final delivery. I hope this is acceptable Azimov? Give my regards to the young Federov and tell him I was saddened to learn of his father’s passing.”
He waved his feeble arm in dismissal and seemed to shrink into his overstuffed armchair.


Chapter 29
Breakfast was always a special time for them although their surroundings had a lot to do with it too. The breakfast room was not a large room but it was enhanced by the huge bay window complete with window seat overlooking the South Paddock with a view to the fields beyond rimmed with ancient oak and beech. The glass in the mullioned windows distorted the view slightly, perhaps softened it but then the glass was over two hundred years old so it was allowed. The ceiling was ten feet high with the original plaster adornments still in good condition. The dimensions of the room served to keep in proportion the Georgian furniture, the Adams fireplace, the chair and picture rails.
.
George looked over at Jen as these thoughts, almost unconsciously, flickered through his mind. The morning sun, slanting in through the windows, glinted off her auburn hair and he was reminded once again, as he was every morning, just how lucky he really was. She sensed he was looking at her and looked up from her paper, smiled because she knew what he was thinking then buried her head again in the racing page......one of her many passions. They were comfortable in their silence, at ease with their own feelings.
The quiet buzzing of the phone disturbed the tranquility of what had become their morning routine. George reached over to the sideboard, picked up the phone and after a few moments hung up.
“That was David. He wants us to go up to London with him and spend some time with the Commander. We could stay over a couple of days if you like, do some shopping, and grab a show. I’m pretty sure he wants to discuss the investigations he was having done in the US of A. and Canada. I think we should take our own car that way we’re not tied to Dave’s schedule. If the weather’s nice we could take the Healey, it’s time it had a good run.”
“That would be great George. If we timed it right perhaps we could take in the last day at Cheltenham, steeplechase is so much fun to watch and it’s pretty much on the way. I’m pretty sure their last race day is actually an evening meeting so we could visit there and then drive straight home after the last race, it’s not that far.”
.
She loved this car. It wasn’t particularly comfortable, the ride was hard and it was noisy but the sixty six Healey was glorious. George had spent a small fortune having her totally restored and now she was a head turner. The snarl of the exhaust followed them all the way to London. She wore a headscarf to stop her hair flying around after all with a car like this, unless it was raining really hard, it was de rigueur to have the roof down.
Their destination was Thames House at the corner of Millbank and Horseferry Road in central London, the headquarters of MI5 the British domestic security agency but also the headquarters of the Joint Counter Terrorist Group of which George and Jen Mudd were a part.
The group was headed by the Commander and Dave Rowden was the agent in charge in their part of England. They were ushered into the Commander’s private conference room and after the usual pleasantries and coffee:
“As suggested I’ve worked with a contact in Washington and CSIS in Canada…….. called in a couple of markers, now we have four files to look at, Hector Pan, his son Trevor, Jonny Irvine and Harry Vance. Let’s start with Irvine. Personally I think he’s clean as a whistle. He has a law degree from Osgood Hall in Toronto and enjoyed a successful military career with a pre-eminent Canadian regiment. From there he was seconded to the Canadian equivalent of our SAS and from there into CSIS which, as you know, is where he is now. He lives well within his means on Vancouver Island and has never even been put into a situation where there might be some doubt shed on his loyalties. He appears to be an exemplary officer.
.
Hector Pan is an enigma although his son is easier to understand. Hector, strange as it may sound, is allowed to stay in business by the Canadian Security Forces because he is an incredible and constant source of information.....a very American way of doing business. There is no question that he heads up one of the major gangs on the west coast but he is a traditionalist. He refuses to deal in drugs, arms or human smuggling. Within his group he does not condone violence or robbery. He specializes in gambling and prostitution and that’s about it. His son Trevor is a different kettle of fish and Hector has a hard time keeping him reined in. Trevor would much prefer to be in the drug and human smuggling business. Hector fully understands that the instant he steps over that line he, his family and his businesses are finished. He is also very cognizant of the fact that if other people were to learn that he is a source of information his life expectancy and that of his family would be extremely short. It is this that he holds over Trevor.
Harry Vance is the agent in charge of Homeland Security in the Pacific Northwest with an office in Seattle. He has been so employed since 911. Prior to that he had an extensive and successful career with the FBI and had in fact taken early retirement. He has been in law enforcement all his life. Prior to the FBI he was a police captain in Boston after having worked his way up from Patrolman. He has a sheet of commendations and also seems to have enjoyed an exemplary career.”
.
The Commander leaned back in his chair and looked questioningly at the other three waiting for someone to speak. It was David that broke the silence.
“George.....how convinced are you that someone was leaking information?” George steepled his fingers and looked over them.
“The more I look at it, the more I look at each incident, the more I become convinced that the opposition had inside information. Up to now I haven’t discussed the idea with anyone outside this room. Of one thing I’m sure and that is that Jonny Irvine is not involved and, if we are in agreement over that, I would recommend that we bring him into our confidence.”
“I agree,” said the Commander, “I would personally vouch for Irvine as I’ve worked with him before so I suggest we get in touch with him and get him involved.” David was frowning and looking at the file that the Commander had slid across the table.
“My logic tells me it’s not the Asian guys, they have too much to lose. Their very lives are in the hands of the Canadian Security Services. If they were feeding information to the opposition it would be simple to leak the fact that they were informants and that would be an end to it.”
“So that leaves us with Harry Vance in Seattle,” said George quietly looking at Jen. She knew exactly what he was thinking. It was only chance that had caused them to leave the boat in Lund, lucky for them but unlucky for Mary the harbour master.
“What is interesting about this is that there might be a connection,” said the Commander “just follow along for a moment and pitch in wherever you think I’m wrong. The possible connection here seems to be the Irish. Vance was a patrolman in Boston and slowly moved up through the ranks to become a Captain prior to joining the FBI. Boston, as I’m sure you know, has one of the main Irish concentrations in the States. It was focused in South Boston and until not so long ago was run by two Irish gangs. I understand that these two gangs have since fought it out and now there is only one. What may be of particular interest is that in the mid nineties the FBI offices in Boston were infiltrated by the Irish more particularly by a man named Conelly who used information he received to further his own criminal ends. Couple this with the fact that one of the Callahans lives in Boston, the two brothers were there together recently and both O’Bannion and O’Brian are heavies with the IRA and it gives you cause to pause and think.”
“We don’t have enough information,” said George, “now we need a detailed background check on Vance. We need to know his family background, his parents, where did he come from. We need a detailed accounting of his police career. Where were his beats as a patrolman, who were his snitches? Most importantly though we need to know this without him getting wind of anything. If we become convinced that he is the source he becomes an important asset for us and perhaps the conduit to find out exactly what is going on.”
“I can look after that,” said the Commander, “although I’m going to have to go elsewhere for the information, the FBI is as leaky as a sieve and we can’t rule out the fact that Vance is an ex FBI agent. I have a feeling too that speed might be of the essence here too.” Jen who had been quiet up till this time now interjected.
“I don’t know the players as well as the rest of you,” she said, “but what you have described is logical to me. Having said that we should assume that this ‘thing’ is not finished and O’Brian is in it to his eyeballs.”
“I agree with Jen,” said David, “I think we should increase surveillance on O’Brian, he might well be feeling in something of a comfort zone by now although don’t underestimate him for one moment. He is sure to be aware his phones are tapped but that is easily overcome by him. We need to be able to monitor him all the time.........hopefully we have the budget for that. It’s also imperative now that we locate and keep tabs on the Callahan brothers, Federov and Azimov but don’t use Homeland Security in the US as it might well cross Vance’s desk.” George had stood us and was gazing out of the window at the rain swept river thankful that he had put the roof up on the Healey.
“There’s something else we might want to consider or at least not lose sight of. We know, from O’Bannion, that for years O’Brian used the vessels he managed, invariably without the knowledge of either the owners or the skippers. He doesn’t know we know that. Why would he change a successful modus operandi.......I wouldn’t! I suggest we immediately begin monitoring the movement of vessels managed by Break Bulk Maritime with specific emphasis on ships destined for UK ports. We can use the VTS system, that’s the Vessel Traffic Services System, which monitors vessel traffic all over the world and it would be simple to obtain a list of those ships managed by O’Brian.”
“You’re right,” said the Commander, “let me get this stuff on the road. I agree with everything that’s been suggested so far and I don’t see any budgetary restrictions. I think we should open a new control file. We’ll name it Operation Self Steer as Vance has automatic access to Operation Gypsy. The system, once we build the data base, which will be done within the next couple of hours, will automatically funnel any possible links to the file with access restricted to the people in this room. David you will operate as team leader in this, you’ll have access to the file before you leave the building. We should know a lot more in a couple of days.”


Chapter 30
‘Weather is what you have and climate is what you get.’ Jonny looked at the rain splattered window trying to remember where he had read that. The soft murmur of conversation, punctuated by the clink of a glass, seemingly soaked up by the flickering candlelight, surrounded him and his wife Chris........ it was their wedding anniversary.
.
They were sitting in the bay window of the Harbour House in Sooke arguably the finest restaurant on this part of the coast. The weather was so thick he couldn’t even see the shoreline although he knew it was no more than thirty feet from the table. The roar of the weather outside, the crash of the surf on Whiffen Spit caused him to imagine the deep but small depression that would have funneled down the Straits only to hit the Sooke Hills that protected the Island to the east. He imagined the light flashing at the end of the spit, the maelstrom of water in the narrow gap and the types of repairs the Parks people would be involved in the following morning after the crashing surf had died down and the weather had passed on through. Twice since they had moved to Sooke the Spit had actually been breached and the repairs had been substantial. Chris looked at him across the table, the candlelight reflecting from the burgundy of the glass of wine she was holding.
“So what did the Commander have to say this afternoon Jonny?”
“Actually Chris it was a conference call, George and Jen were also on the phone...they say ‘Hi’ by the way and look forward to us getting together sometime. They’re all convinced that someone was leaking information last year and I’m inclined to agree with them. They’ve obviously investigated everyone which would have included us by the way.” He saw Chris’s eyebrows go up as she began to remonstrate. “It’s part of the business sweets,” he said, “I would have done exactly the same thing. However they seemed to have zeroed in on Harry Vance which is really upsetting for me as we’ve worked together very well for quite a while. I’m surprised that they’ve actually brought us into their confidence; I think I would have kept the info to myself for a while. They’ve instigated an in depth investigation into Harry which they’ve fast tracked so I’m expecting to be hearing from them again shortly. They’re obviously very concerned about all this as they’ve excluded both Homeland Security and the FBI from the investigation. They’re using one of the more clandestine services in the US.......the Secret Service........tells you something about the Commander’s ‘reach!”
.
They continued their excellent meal, mostly in companionable silence as do most happily married couples. Periodically they would greet people that they knew although not many locals frequented the ‘House,’ the prices saw to that. As was customary the owners sent over liqueurs as they were well aware it was their anniversary, all the while the weather was physically hammering at the building.
“There’s no point in waiting for it to die down,” said Jonny, “we’ll just have to make a run for the car, I can’t get it close to the entrance anyway.”
They had brought rain gear with them as the weather had set in before they left the house. Now as they ran out to where the Jeep was parked closer to Whiffin Spit Road it felt as though the wind actually attacked them. It came in gusts strong enough to almost knock you down, driving the rain horizontally in front of it. The howling of the wind seemed to be a backdrop to the crashing of the surf pounding into the Spit only yards away and the dry scratchy sound of the Arbutus branches flexing in the gale.
Jonny drove out onto Whiffin Spit Road, turned onto the Sooke road and turned left at one of the only two lights in Sooke heading up Otter Point Road. After only a few minutes he turned the Jeep onto the old logging road and set off up to what he called their private eerie high on the ridge overlooking the harbour and the Strait beyond.
.
Arriving home he dropped Chris off at the back porch noticing that the storm had knocked out the light he’d left burning over the door. He drove across the gravel yard, automatically opened the garage doors and backed the Jeep in for the night. The rain had stopped but if anything the wind had picked up even further. He could see the occasional patch of open sky as the clouds careened above. Far below he could see the winking of the light at the end of Whiffin Spit and the line of white surf as it bit into the sand and rip rap.
.
Opening the front door it occurred to him that the hall lights were not on, in fact there seemed to be no lights on anywhere. He hung up his coat on the hallstand and called out to Chris. The house was ominous in its silence surrounded only by the steady moan of the wind outside. He tried the light switch......no power he thought but to be expected in this weather. He called out again to Chris this time with some alarm in his voice. He stood quite still in the dark hallway his training kicking in. His sidearm was locked in the safe in his study at the other end of the hallway. He stood motionless, feeling for the threat; his senses stretched reaching out for a sound, a smell, something that didn’t belong. The sound of the wind outside seemed to mock him. He quietly slipped off his shoes and with his back to the wall inched his way down towards his study.
.
He sensed rather than heard or saw the blow aimed at his head. Dropping to his knee he lifted up his arm to protect his head whilst at the same time rolling forward all thoughts of silence gone from his mind. His arm shattered just below the elbow as he fell onto his right shoulder. He took another blow to the side of his head as a bright flashlight blinded him. He neither heard the shot nor felt the bullet as it entered the back of his head and exited through his face destroying his features.
.
It was his tenth wedding anniversary.


Chapter 31
Federov was getting bored he didn’t know for much longer he was going to have to be on his own. He knew Azimov had been off finalizing the deal and he knew he was in Berlin picking up the diamonds although why they hadn’t been left in Amsterdam was beyond him, after all Amsterdam was one of the big diamond trading cities of the world. Now they had the risk of crossing a couple of borders to get them back. Not really his problem he thought as long as he was getting paid.
.
Amsterdam seemed to him to be an antique, modern city. A city of ancient architecture, seemingly myriads of museums and galleries and crisscrossed by canals in the old town where he was staying. He’d been instructed to keep a low profile and wait for Asimov’s return. He was staying in a small, clean and very busy hotel on the Warmoesstraat, a street in the heart of the Red Light District, which he’d found out was a major tourist attraction. The street had been picked for its location, being just a few minutes’ walk from the central railway station and not too far from the docks. He’d been instructed to hang on to his International Seaman’s Documents so he expected to be shipping out of Amsterdam although he had no idea as to where or when.
.
The weather had been surprisingly mild and dry for a port on the North Sea in May and he’d taken advantage of it. He enjoyed the architecture and the galleries although the language drove him nuts. Luckily most people seemed to speak English to some extent so he was able to get by. He knew he had a couple of days before Azimov showed up so he whiled away the hours strolling the streets of the old town, visiting some of the galleries, enjoying the beer for which Holland was famous and on a couple of occasions sampled the wares of the de Wallen……..the Red Light District.
.
Thanh was equally bored although he did, at least, have the opportunity to return to his home in the suburbs. He’d lived in Amsterdam for half his life after having left South Vietnam and was employed by an import/export company with their head office in Vancouver, Canada.
Through his contact in the National Police Force it really hadn’t taken too long to locate Federov and Azimov although he was yet to set eyes on Azimov. Residents of the EU, the European Union, can move about Europe almost as though there were no borders. Azimov had no problem in this regard as he had been provided with EU papers but not so for Federov. On registering in the hotel he’d had to show his passport and seaman’s papers which were eventually filed with the central security agencies. Two days later Thanh had identified him from the photo sent to him from Vancouver. Now he was bored. Federov seemed to have an insatiable appetite for art galleries and simply pounding the sidewalk. He seemed to have no idea that he was under surveillance. Whilst in sight he had only used his cell phone once and had twice gotten himself laid in de Wallen whilst he had had to wait outside……at least it wasn’t raining. Obviously he was waiting for something or someone and he had to assume 'the someone' was Azimov.
.
.
London was also enjoying the spring weather although a cool breeze was coming up the river. The Commander had decided to walk, although it was quite a long way but he could always take a taxi back and he needed the exercise. He set off down Horseferry Road towards the river and then turned through the park in the direction of the Victoria Embankment.
.
The tourists were already out in droves. The river boats ploughed up and down the wide, mud colored river interspersed with working river barges. As he strolled by the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben the London Eye loomed closer and closer on the other side of the river. He’d been on it once although he’d had to fight his vertigo. He knew that from the top on a clear day you could see Windsor Castle and that was twenty five miles away. His destination was a bench directly opposite the Eye. He was enjoying the walk, he didn’t get out too much during the working day and this was a pleasant change.
He arrived about ten minutes early and settled down to watch the tourists and office people enjoying the sunshine and their lunch breaks. He amused himself by trying to guess which of these people, living normal lives, might be his contact from the American embassy in Grosvenor Square.
“Commander what a great idea to meet down here I really don’t get out of the office enough and I forget what a beautiful city London really is.” The Commander turned to look at the man who had just sat down and was unwrapping a sandwich. He didn’t even look American although it’s hard to tell these days he thought. He barely sounded American probably from the north east as his accent was flat and hard. He wasn’t overly tall and certainly overweight. His hair was thinning but his eyes twinkled as though he were laughing at something all the time. He noticed he was wearing a good suit and his shoes had a good shine………always the mark of a gentleman thought the Commander smiling to himself.
“My boss sends his regards and suggests you get together at his club sometime in the near future.” The Commander nodded his head.
“I’ll give him a call when I get back to the office, do you have what I need?” The American passed him a folded newspaper and with that the Commander stood up and headed back up along the river. It was too nice a day to take a taxi and he was in no hurry.


Chapter 32
George was in the office in the barn, discussing at length with Terry, which mares they should be getting rid of. Last year’s yearling sales had been weak and it was George’s position that they should be selling mares in foal rather than yearlings at the annual sales. The office was typical of offices found in horse barns, redolent of hay and saddle soap, monitors on a shelf hooked up to the cameras in the foaling stalls and old racing prints hanging on the wall. The extension from the house jangled its warning. It was the Commander calling from London and wanting to drive down for a meeting.
“Why don’t you drive down and stay over the weekend, I could get David and Pauline to stay over too, it’s not as though we don’t have the room?”
.
The following evening the four of them were gathered in George’s study. Pauline had opted not to come as she assumed, quite correctly, that they would be discussing issues for which she had no clearance. Margaret had served up an excellent dinner and now they were being quite civilized enjoying a stupidly expensive port and cigars. The men were dressed quite casually with Jen in jeans and a sweater, the dogs stretched out in front of the, as yet unlit, fire.
“I could get used to this,” said the Commander smiling, “I should come down here more often.”
“You’re welcome any time,” said George, “we’ve tons of room and love having people stay over. David’s here all the bloody time but of course he only has to come from Hereford.”
“Well I have some information on Harry Vance courtesy of the Americans, it’s quite enlightening. I have a couple of copies I can leave with you but for now I’ll just tell you the content and then we can have a discussion. Harry Vance is the son of Erin Callahan who married Braiden Vance,” he saw George’s eyebrows go up and held his hand up to stop David talking. “Hang on there’s more; Erin Callahan has a sister Glenna who, very late in life, had illegitimate twin sons…..yes you’ve guessed it Kevin and Aiden Callahan. The Callahan brothers and Harry Vance are cousins!”
“Well I’ll be buggered,” said George, “who would have guessed it?”
“Don’t worry,” said the Commander, “it gets better or worse depending on how you look at it. They all went to school together in Boston and Vance joined the local police force. His beat was South Boston which is predominantly Irish. The Americans now think he deliberately joined the police force so as the bad guys would have one of their own on the inside. Later in life he had ties with Connelly who was the guy that infiltrated the FBI in Boston but he never came under suspicion. It’s all very circumstantial but the Yanks are sold on the idea. They wanted to pull him in but I’ve convinced them to leave him alone as we might be able to use him. One thing is for sure though……they’ll want him after we’re done.”
“I have some information too,” said George, “I have a location for Federov.”
“You’ve got to be kidding,” said David, “how the hell did you get that?”
“Well I didn’t do it myself that’s for sure,” said George smiling, “he’s in Amsterdam. I even have the address of the hotel he’s staying in…..better than that he’s under surveillance. He’ll lead us to Azimov hopefully.” He looked at David and the Commander smiling, “I suppose you want to know how?” he said, “it’s courtesy of Hector Pan believe it or not. I made it known we were looking for the two Russians and Kevin Callahan. We know about Aiden Callahan, he’s in Boston at this moment although he was out West for a short time. According to Hector he was in Vancouver and Victoria for a short while although he’s no idea why. He’s of the opinion that Kevin might be in London but he’s not sure. He did make a point of saying not to underestimate Aiden Callahan. He feels he’s a lot more than just a fund raiser in Boston and went so far as to suggest that he might be just as dangerous as his brother Kevin.”
.
Jen got up from her chair and walked over to George’s desk in the corner. One of the dogs opened his eyes and lifted his head to make sure he wasn’t missing out on anything. She sat down and started hitting the keys on the computer keyboard.
“So we’ve got Federov in Amsterdam, O’Brian in London, Hector thinks one of the Callahan’s might be in London. Azimov is in the wind as is the other Callahan. I’m just accessing the maritime traffic systems we were talking about the other day. We’ve already isolated the vessels managed by Break Bulk Marine but there’s something nibbling away at the edge of my memory.”
She brought up a list of all the ships in question. By clicking on one of the ship’s names she created an automatic link to the A.I.S. system which located the vessel on a world chart. By hovering over the icon on the chart all relative information was displayed for that vessel. George got up and re-filled everyone’s glass, the room was quiet save for the clicking of the keyboard and the dog’s heavy breathing.
“Got you, you bugger,” she said quietly as though to herself, “the Kiko Maru, currently in Halifax and due to leave tomorrow. Her first destination is Amsterdam where she will unload part of her cargo and then on to London….. well what do you know?”


Chapter 33
Sergeant Peter Anderson of the RCMP stood just inside the yellow tape blocking the driveway up to Jonny Irvine’s eerie on the ridge. The local police, a small Mountie detachment out of Sooke, had been called up to the house by a local handyman who had arrived at the house to do some odd jobs for Jonny, he’d noticed the front door ajar and had discovered the body in the hallway. They’d found Anderson’s name and number on Jonny’s desk and had called him immediately.
“Make sure everyone’s pulled out of the area,” said Anderson, “it would also be a good idea to have a couple of your guys patrol the perimeter of the property.....absolutely no one in, particularly the press. We need a complete black out on this, it’s a national security matter. No local forensic people, no local coroner......for the time being nothing. We’ll come up with a cover story as quickly as we can. I have people on the way from Vancouver as we speak.”
.
He walked up the laneway towards the house being careful where he put his feet. The storm had completely dissipated leaving a cornflower blue sky and the scent of drying undergrowth. At the house he walked around the porch to the railing at the back. What an incredible view he thought to himself. Far below he could see Sooke Harbour with a sports fishing boat etching a white line across the water heading for the light at the end of the spit. Far to the left Sooke Basin, surrounded by the dark green of forest right to the water’s edge, broken up here and there by homes lucky enough to be on the water. Far to his right the sun reflected off the snow covered peaks of the Olympic Mountains on the other side of the Straits in Washington State. There was hardly any breeze even this high up. It was warm and still......too still. He slipped on his thin surgical gloves, walked round the veranda, his feet echoing off the boards and pushed open the front door.
.
He couldn’t see any evidence of forced entry but he was immediately assailed by the coppery smell of spilled blood. Jonny lay face down up against the hallway wall. His shoes were just inside the front door and he was still wearing his bright yellow, wet weather jacket. His left arm lay at an unnatural angle as though it might be broken. He could see the bullet entry wound in the back of his head but could only see part of his face which had obviously been destroyed by the bullet’s exit. Anderson carefully stepped round the body, over the pool of rapidly blackening blood and walked into the kitchen. Chris lay on her back on the floor, it looked as though she’d been strangled but it was hard to say. She was dressed in a little black dress now rucked up around her hips, a broken string of pearls lay scattered across the floor. He stood looking at her for several minutes then retraced his steps out of the house and back to the command vehicle at the gate.
.
The rhythmic thwack of rotor blades echoing off the hillside brought him out of his reverie. The large Sikorsky hovered over the ridge at sufficient height as to not create any downdraught, it then fell off and shot, like a blue dragonfly, down towards Sooke and probably towards the large playing field behind the high school.
.
.
Peter Anderson stood by the gate in the warmth of the sun his forehead starting to sweat under the brim of his uniform hat. He thought of himself, his wife and kids in Surrey, the home they had created for themselves. He looked up the driveway at the gorgeous house on the ridge with the sensational views and didn’t feel that warm any more. He took his cell phone out of his pocket and called his wife.
.
For the third, fourth or fifth time, he wasn’t sure which, George read the multi-page report he had printed off the ‘Operation Gypsy’ file. He still couldn’t believe the official prose of the report which coldly outlined the deaths of his friends Jonny and Chris Irvine far away on the west coast of Canada. He tried to read between the lines to understand the horror of the killings. They’d obviously been out to celebrate their wedding anniversary as gleaned from the staff at the restaurant. There was no sign of forced entry at the house, nothing disturbed, no forensic evidence whatsoever. Jonny had been shot with a forty five caliber semi- automatic, they’d found the mangled bullet embedded in the floorboard beneath his head. It looked as though he’d been suspicious as he had taken his shoes off in the hallway but not by the front door as he would have done normally. It also looked as though he’d defended himself initially as his left arm was broken after having been struck by a heavy object. Chris had been attacked and strangled in the kitchen. There was no sign of any robbery, nothing seemed to be missing or out of place and the safe in the study was intact. The story of a home invasion gone wrong had been given to the media and normal, civil funeral arrangements were being made by the families in Vancouver.
.
To George it had all the markings of a professional killing, the question was.....why? The only people that knew of Jonny’s involvement in CSIS were his contemporaries. The only people that knew of his involvement with Operation Gypsy were his superiors and the other members of the team which included Harry Vance. George checked the dates with the report he had received from Hector Pan. When Jonny and Chris had met their untimely end Aiden Callahan had been in Victoria!
.
Retribution........ a warning? didn’t really make a lot of sense. There was no way Jonny knew anything that was not known by the rest of the team therefore he had no choice but to take it as a warning. He picked up the phone and dialed a number in Belfast from memory.
“Get hold of Rafferty and then the two of you get your asses over to Eaton Bishop; we’ll explain everything when you’re here.”


Chapter 34
At last the finish line was in sight O’Brian thought to himself, sitting in his office the sun streaming in through the picture window. He’d authorized the payment of the deposit to the people in Odessa. He smiled to himself; they’d even made a profit on the sale of the diamonds......another contribution to his retirement fund. Now, at that end, all they had to do was wait in Amsterdam for delivery. At this end Kevin Callahan was already in London, keeping a low profile over in Brixton and his brother Aiden would be joining him shortly. Vance, who was part of the ‘Operation Gypsy’ team, had advised him that there was no progress on that front other than the fact that the team had received a warning, after the deaths of the Irvines in Canada, and that everyone should consider increasing their security. He almost laughed out loud at the thought of Harry feeding them information based on the reports of the team set up against them.
.
This would be his last operation. He’d been involved in ‘The Cause’ all his life and it was time to get out and smell the roses. His exit strategy was in place, the building blocks put in place several years before. Padraig O’Brian would simply disappear hopefully under circumstances that might indicate his death.......he’d left that option open. Donald Haddow had sold the house in Tilbury and had bought a small holiday resort in the south west corner of Costa Rica just twenty miles north of the Panama border. It was currently being managed by a local couple but he expected to be there shortly, even if it was the rainy season.
.
He’d carefully considered his “retirement.” Over time he’d rejected the European countries as being too ‘close to home’ and had looked for somewhere off the beaten track that welcomed foreign investment without a lot of questions being asked and that met his needs. Costa Rica in Central America seemed to meet those needs. He had visited there some years before on a fishing trip and had put it on his short list.
.
The resort was small and had been cheap comprising of a small house for his own use, a restaurant and bar heavily used by the locals and half a dozen small cottages right on the beach. The season ran from November till May the rest of the year being pretty wet. Many of the local tourist spots actually shut down between June and October the owners spending those months somewhere else. Although only twenty miles north of Panama on the Pacific Ocean it was incredibly difficult to get to, the closest town and airstrip being Golfito to the North …………an old banana exporting port. The resort, if you could call it that, was surrounded by almost impenetrable jungle and mangrove swamps.
The attraction, for the more adventurous, was simple. The area was renowned for its eco-tourism and the coastline was equally renowned for its offshore sports fishing. In fact many of the world record catches for Blue Marlin and Sailfish were made off this beach and, as a result, it supported a small but busy charter fishing industry.
The locals referred to it as ‘the home of the wanted and the unwanted,’ perfect for his needs. Out of the way, tough to get to, super cheap living and somewhere that strangers stand out like a sore thumb.
Azimov and Federov stood outside the public storage unit they had rented the week previous, on the edge of dockland, guiding the pickup truck as it backed down towards the overhead door. Once in place they helped the two men in the truck unload the equipment covered under a tarp. When safely stored in the unit Azimov opened the briefcase that had not left his side for a couple of days and displayed the stacks of American currency.
“Do you want to count it?” he asked.
.
“No my friend,” the driver replied,” you would be stupid to short change the General.”
Once the truck was out of sight Azimov keyed his cell phone and texted “Happy Birthday.” They only had a few days to kill now; he could see, in his mind’s eye, the Kiko Maru plowing  through the sea, Amsterdam getting inexorably closer.
.
The Commander was once again sitting in George’s study momentarily contemplating the nature of retirement, how long he still had to wait and giving thought to the fact that retirement and choice seemed to be synonymous. He looked up at George and David Rowden.
“We have a new player on our team,” he said, “not that I know anything about him or them other than that his codename is ‘Division.’ All I have is a cut out phone number for him in Washington. When I make a call it’s promptly returned but from where I’ve no idea. Due to the nature of our ‘leak’ we’ve had to exclude both Homeland Security and the FBI from these investigations. Our government contacts, at the highest level I should add, have provided us with ‘Division,’ I have to assume that it is some sort of black ops group that the less people know about the better. I’ve been informed that they have Vance under surveillance with his phones, home and vehicle all tapped........without warrants of course.
Our ‘Operation Self Steer’ program is starting to kick out some information although what it means is pure conjecture. O’Brian received a text yesterday that simply said ‘Happy Birthday.’ It’s not his birthday so it’s obviously some sort of code. The Kiko Maru, if she is involved at all, has left Halifax and is on her way to Amsterdam and Azimov has been seen with Federov in Amsterdam according to George’s private army,” he said laughing.
“Hey don’t knock it,” said George smiling, “it seems to work. Speaking of which I brought O’Rourke and Rafferty over from Belfast, they’re staying in the gatehouse with Terry and Margaret. I’ve set up a sort of security schedule for the property after what happened to Jonny and Chris. It seems to me that all we can do for the time being is wait. Perhaps Vance will spill something of value or perhaps we can come up with something using ‘Operation Gypsy’ that might push a button or two.


Chapter 35
A thousand miles to the west the Kiko Maru buried her bows into a heavy chop the spray streaming back across the deck under a watery sun. At fifteen knots she would be closing Amsterdam inside of three days and on schedule. Her skipper paced the bridge. So far the trip had been uneventful with nothing other than minor maintenance to do plus the usual preventative maintenance  in fact the one thing that seemed to bother the crew more than anything was that the drink dispensing machine in the crew’s mess had died a death. The engineer had had a good look at it but had pronounced it terminal and not worth repairing. He had put it in his daily report to Break Bulk Marine and he had been advised it would be replaced in Amsterdam. His turn round should be pretty quick unless there was some sort of unforeseen port delay. Simply unload part of his cargo, take on a couple of crew members and replace the drink machine, that was it. He smiled at how easy this was.......it wasn’t always this way. The trip to the port of London was just a day trip and it was there he would unload the balance of the cargo, re-fuel and re-provision. He would be receiving new instructions from O’Brian but to the best of his knowledge he was picking up cargo in Liverpool and then heading back across the Atlantic to Montreal.
.
In Amsterdam Thanh sat in a coffee shop and e-mailed his daily report to Hector Pan in Vancouver. Nothing much was happening other than Azimov had joined Federov and that they had rented a small pickup truck together with a small public storage unit close to the docks.


Chapter 36
George and the Commander sat in George’s study looking out over the rain soaked paddock.
“You know I thought this whole thing had died a natural death” said George, “obviously that’s not the case. Probably the dumbest thing they’ve done so far was to kill Jonny and Chris. It brought everything back to life and tells us that something is really going down. I would have thought that O’Brian was smarter than that unless of course they have a loose cannon on board, more specifically Aiden Callahan or his brother. George opened up a closet and pulled out a flip chart on a stand.
“Let’s list what we know that’s supported by evidence, plus what we assume. We know that O’Brian is IRA and pretty high up the ladder. We know they ran drugs into Canada and converted the drugs into diamonds which disappeared. We know O’Brian has a relationship with the Russian Mafia and has another identity...Donald Haddow. We know that both Azimov and Federov are in Amsterdam and we know that the Kiko Maru is destined to arrive there in a few days. Obviously Vance is feeding them information gleaned from the Operation Gypsy file and that someone within the organization is trying to clean up behind them as things move along hence the killings of MacDonald, O’Bannion, Jonny, Chris and the attempt on Jen and I........we have to think this is the Callahans.”
“I have something else,” said the Commander, “O’Brian, aka Haddow, recently transferred nearly half a million quid to Costa Rica, more specifically the Banco National in San Jose. I’ve asked “Division” to dig around down there to see what they can come up with; apparently they have a presence down there it being part of what they call the drug corridor.”
.
Harry Vance sat in his office in Seattle looking at the last entry in the “Operation Gypsy” file on his desktop. The file had been dropped several levels of priority and to all intents and purposes had gone cold. It would be retained in the archives should any further information come to light. All assets had been re-assigned. He picked up his cell phone and speed dialed.


Chapter 37
The Kiko Maru eased her way into the Ijsselmeer under the watchful eye and hand of the pilot taken on an hour before. The day was dull and gloomy, threatening rain, the surface of the sea barely moving as the freighter slipped through the constant traffic. The pilot called for 15 degrees starboard the ship settling onto a new course down the Markermeer towards the Westhaven Basin. Quickly two harbour tugs nudged her into her berth under the towering cranes, seeming like praying mantis under the lowering, grey sky. Within minutes of her lines being secured two of her enormous hatches opened and her partial unloading began. This was going to be a quick turn round as her final destination was London where she would unload the rest of her cargo. Two trucks pulled up on the dock under the starboard bridge wing. One was obviously one of the Port Authority trucks bringing mail destined for the freighter. The other was delivering the replacement drink machine for the crew’s mess. It was quickly hoisted up on deck on its skid and two wheeled into place in the mess. It would be hooked up once they arrived in London. Within an hour the two replacement crew members, organized by Break Bulk Marine, arrived by taxi, showed their papers and settled themselves into the crew’s quarters.
.
Thanh watched the taxi pull away, pulled out his cell phone and speed dialed a number in Vancouver. After a short conversation he called his counterpart, Quang, in London and settled down in a doorway from where he had a view of the Kiko Maru.
.
George lay on his back looking at the ceiling his chest heaving after the imaginative exercises imposed on him by Jen. She, in turn, lay on her side the sweat slowly drying, her skin glowing in the soft light of the bedside lamps. She idly stroked the scar on his chest left by a terrorist bullet several years before.
“Have you heard from Robbie recently?” she said thoughtfully.
“I spoke to him just yesterday,” he replied, “he was on the sat phone. He and Pa’an are down by the border in Brunei running the security patrols at the new exploration site. He says Pa’an is in his element, spends most of his time leading one of the patrols. Says he feels twenty years younger. Robbie thinks it serves to take his mind off Gema and Wendy Mason, says he’s never really got over having to shoot her even if he was saving my life in the process.”
The cell phone, on the bedside table, buzzed its irritating demand. George picked it up, grunted a couple of times in response and put it back on its charger.
“You were right darling about that freighter out of Halifax, the Kiko Maru or whatever they call it. Azimov and Federov boarded her yesterday as supplementary crew although other than that nothing untoward seems to have happened. It seems as though all the players are gravitating towards London, perhaps we should go up there.”


Chapter 38
“Hector, how are you?” George was on a secure line in the Commander’s office in London, lLong time no see.”
“I’m extremely well thank you, George. How may I be of service to you?”
“I need a hacker.”
“A what?”
“A hacker, someone who can hack into a couple of e-mail accounts unknown to the owners, someone who can hack into a bank account, someone who is adept at identity theft. I don’t need to know who they are or where they are but someone you can trust implicitly for whatever reason. In the long run I can make it extremely worth their while but they must be capable of taking instructions and not asking any questions. They must be able to establish contact with me at a specially established and encrypted e-mail account in such a manner as to be untraceable. I would like you to pay them a nominal retainer for which I will reimburse you personally.”
“I know exactly what you want, George, and obviously I don’t need to be told to not ask you why. We still have ‘old friends status’ after all. Someone will be in touch with you shortly under the terms and conditions that you describe……not a problem. By the way our watcher in Amsterdam has passed responsibility to an employee of mine in London. I’ve been told that the vessel in question will shortly be docking in Tilbury. You can be assured that nothing will either leave or be loaded onto the vessel without our knowing about it.”
“Hector I can’t ask for more……you were invaluable to me last year and this little project I have in mind is equally invaluable and hopefully will bring everything that occurred last year to a conclusion.”
They chatted for a while about families and business in general after which George broke the connection and sat thoughtfully considering his next move.
.
The Commander had housed George, Jen and the two Irishmen in a safe house in North London that they had used before. As additional security he’d added a small team to counter any potential threat well aware of the presence of the Callahans and not willing to take any chances. He had also added a secure phone line for George’s use.
“I guess we have to play a bit of a waiting game now,” said George, “the trouble is I don’t know what we’re waiting for.”
The four of them were sitting in the somewhat faded sitting room.
“Well at least we know where everyone is now,” said Jen, “O’Brian and the Callahan brothers are in London, Azimov and Federov are on the Kiko Maru and Vance is in Seattle.”
“You’re right, Jen, but it doesn’t get us too far if we don’t know what they’re up to,” said O’Rourke softly.
“We’ve no alternative but to wait for the freighter to dock. At least we have someone down there keeping an eye on things.”
.
Quang sat by a dirt streaked window in a twenty four hour dockside café drinking another mug of hot tea out of a large chipped mug. The café was typical, catering to the shifts of the stevedores involved in loading and unloading the freighters. He was dressed like them with his stevedores hook hanging off the back of his chair doing his best to be as unobtrusive as possible with his head stuck in a tabloid newspaper. He had a good view of the Kiko Maru with her hatches open as she was unloaded. From the idle chatter in the café he’d heard that she would not be at the dock long. She was to be unloaded, refueled, provisioned and would then immediately leave for a cargo in Liverpool. He had carefully memorized the photographs of the two Russians provided by Thanh in Amsterdam but so far they hadn’t left the vessel. As the time drew close for his scheduled call he paid for the tea and walked out onto the dock……hook over his shoulder. Within a few minutes his mobile vibrated in his pocket and then stopped. Sitting on a bollard, as though he were on a break, he lit up a cigarette and speed dialed.
“Yes?’
“This is Quang.”
“Anything happening?”
“She’s being unloaded. Everything looks normal so far except they unloaded a drinks machine; it’s sitting on a skid under a tarp, looks as though someone is going to pick it up.”
“Have you seen the Russians yet?”
“No sir….not yet.”
“Stay there for now; I’ll get back to you. If the Russians show up stay with them if they leave the docks, call me immediately if that happens.” The phone went dead and it started to rain.


Chapter 39
George looked up from the doodling on the legal sized pad on the table. It was dark outside and the rain beating against the window in North London broke into his thoughts. His doodling included thoughts on Gypsy, Bailey’s Ride, Jonny, Chris, Captain MacDonald...... the drugs. He had lines connecting all the items trying to make some sort of sense out of the puzzle. Makes no sense to me at all he thought. I’m probably missing one piece and then it’ll all come together. His mobile made its insect like buzz.
“Mudd.”
“Hector here George, I’ve something a little out of the ordinary for you…..at least it doesn’t make a lot of sense to me. When the Kiko Maru was in Amsterdam, as a matter of routine, a drinks machine was replaced in the crew’s mess as, apparently, the original had died a death. I am now told that that drinks machine is now sitting on the dock in Tilbury. Might be nothing but you never know.”
“Thanks Hector…..might just be the link or the key to the whole puzzle, any sign of the two Russians?”
“No not yet, George…..as far as we can see they’ve not yet left the ship……the man I have down there is the best…..he’s my nephew,” he said chuckling to himself.
“Hector I think you should put your nephew in direct contact with me now........give him my number. It’s just possible we won’t have the time to be going through you in Vancouver constantly.”
“You’re absolutely right George; I’ll look after that immediately. Have you heard from the other chap yet? You’ll know it’s him because he will refer to you as Mr.Brenner.”
“Not yet Hector.”
“You will George……you will.”
.
The two immigration officials climbed the gangway onto the deck of the freighter and were showed to the Captain’s cabin. As they entered the superstructure one of them keyed the mobile in his pocket.
“Good evening Captain, this is just routine. Unfortunately we’re not as loose as we were before 911. Do you have anyone leaving the ship in London?”
“Yes…..I have two crew members disembarking before we leave for Liverpool. They’ll be off the ship as soon as we’ve finished unloading.”
“Are they British Nationals?” asked one of the officers.
“No I believe they’re Russian.”
“OK can we see them please? We’ll check their papers whilst we’re here then we can be on our way. It’ll make it easier for them when they leave too,” said David Rowden acting the part.
.
Down on the dock the covers were screwed back on to the machine and the tarp replaced.
.
George’s eyes felt gritty he was so tired. By now it was the middle of the night, he’d woken up Jen. She was dressed in a sweat suit and sat nursing a hot chocolate looking at Dave Rowden who’d just arrived back from Tilbury after having picked up the Commander. Rafferty and O’Rourke looked on expectantly.
“It’s not good,” said David, “firstly it’s radioactive. Our best guess is that it’s a small tactical nuclear device.” There was a concerted gasp from everyone in the room.
“You’re shitting us,” said O’Rourke.
“I wish I was but we’re pretty sure. It most certainly isn’t a drinks machine. In the limited time we had, while we had the two Russians occupied, we were able to ascertain that it has a timing device that has not yet been activated.”
“I will have to alert the Home Secretary,” said the Commander, “we have contingency plans for just an event such as this.”
“I see the whole thing now,” said George, “from the Adagio, O’Brian, O’Bannion, the drugs the whole damn thing. This is O’Brian’s last kick at the cat. This is his last hurrah on the part of the IRA. He intends to detonate the device once he’s safe in Costa Rica…..that’s why he bought that place down there, he intends to disappear.”
“I have a bit of good news,” said David, “we placed a tiny locator device in the machine, it’s transmitting now.”
“I also have a very reliable man down there,” said George, “so between us we should be able to keep track of both the machine and the Russians.”
“I still think I have a duty to inform the Home Secretary,” said the Commander “but this might be our opportunity to grab the Callahans, the Russians and O’Brian all in one go. If we simply grab the device the players will simply disappear and we’ll never get them. It’s a bit of a gamble but maybe we should consider it.”
“It’s a bit of a risk alright,” said Jen, ”that’s the understatement of the age. You’d be gambling with maybe a million lives if it detonates in London.”
“Can’t argue with that,” said George, “but on the other hand right now we at least have some control. We have surveillance, we know the players and where they are. I would doubt they’re going to leave the device on the docks so the locator gadget will be extremely useful. It’s also reasonable to assume that O’Brian does not want to blow himself up…….he’ll do a runner first.”
“I see the picture you’re painting George,” said the Commander. “We wait until it’s obvious that O’Brian is going to flit, disarm the device and grab everyone…..neat as you please…..until something goes wrong that is.”
“Okay,” said David, “we need to take some action right now……I don’t care what time it is. First thing we need on board is a technician capable of disarming such a device. He must be brought here immediately and made part of our team until this thing is over. Secondly, we need to increase the surveillance on O’Brian; he’s the key to the whole thing. We currently have half hearted surveillance on his offices and we have taps on all his phones but remember this guy is both experienced and very slippery. We need watchers on his home in Thurrock, the place in Tilbury and a completely new team on his office. We should also try and get a bug in his office although I don’t think that’ll lead to much…….he’s too smart for that.”
“I can see to all that right now,” said the Commander…….”just have to get a few people out of bed. Additionally we should put our own surveillance on the device and we should do that first. Once all this is in place, which should happen within the next couple of hours, I want to identify all the CCTV cameras both on and around the docks with their links. That way we’ll be prepared for when this thing is moved. Any questions anyone? Good let’s get this thing on the road, I’ll be talking to the Home Secretary first thing in the morning.”


Chapter 40
George awoke, hardly refreshed after only a couple of hours sleep. His mind had been churning ever since he put his head down after having assisted David and the Commander put everything necessary in place. Of course he understood that the final decision concerning their actions was entirely up to the Home Secretary. The Commander had arranged an emergency meeting for that morning.
He had a constant link with the surveillance on the docks and with Quang in particular who never seemed to need any sleep. As of this morning the device had not been moved and the Russians were still on board. He prowled around the kitchen, wishing he was at home in Eaton Bishop. He found the coffee machine and the makings and sat at his laptop waiting for his morning caffeine shot.
The icon indicating a new e-mail flashed in front of him. He opened up the e-mail to find an invitation to a chat line…….he opened it up.
“Mr.Brenner?”
“Yes.”
“You may call me Herbert, be assured that this is both secure and untraceable. How can I help you?”
“Okay Herbert…..this is what I want you to do.”
.
Quang was tired and his replacement hadn’t showed up but he well knew how important this job was to his uncle in Vancouver. The unloading of the freighter had continued through the night and a shift change had occurred at 8.00am. The skid, with the drinks machine and several other wooden crates, still sat on the dock and there had been no sign of the Russians or anyone else for that matter during the night except for the stevedores directly involved with the unloading. At least it had stopped raining. He thought of calling his uncle but truck activity at the entrance to the jetty grabbed his attention. Two trucks from Anglian Water, a local utility, pulled onto the dock. The first opened up a manhole, put up an orange safety fence and set to work, the second pulled further down the dock perhaps a hundred yards and set up in exactly the same manner.
Quang lit his last cigarette and walked over to see what they were up to. As he approached his attention was taken by activity on the gangplank. Two men were coming down from the vessel carrying duffle bags and headed in the direction of the customs office………the two Russians! He turned away and keyed his mobile with the London number provided by his uncle. Damn thing was busy….he was directed to the voicemail. His instructions were clear…..stay with the Russians at all costs. He knew there was only one exit out of the customs office. His pass took him off the jetty and out to the parking lot. He could see the exit from customs. He quickly donned a helmet, started up his bike and sat there waiting, the familiar Virago throbbing beneath him. For a few minutes he worried that perhaps he’d missed them but they shortly came out onto the sidewalk, put down their duffle bags and waited.
.
George sat at the dinner table in the rather tired looking room in North London. Jen was still in bed. The two Irishmen were pottering around in the kitchen; he hadn’t even heard David and the Commander leave the house. He picked up the phone with the secure line and, referring to his cell phone contacts, dialed a long distance number.
“How’d you like to take some time off and go fishing?”
“George how are you?” The soft burr of Robbie’s Scottish accent came over the line. “Here I am, creeping through the jungle in Brunei with Pa’an and you ask me if I want to go fishing……you’ve got to be kidding me!”
“Creeping through the jungle?”
“Well not exactly George…..Pa’an and I are just mapping a security route. They’re going to start test drilling shortly so we have to have everything in place.”
“Can you and Pa’an get away?”
“Don’t see why not, we’ll be finished in another day…..what’s up?
“I want the two of you to take a little holiday. I’m serious about the fishing; at least I think I am. I want you to get yourselves over to Costa Rica!”
“You’re joking, how the hell do we get there from here?”
“I’ve absolutely no bloody idea but I need you there and quickly. You’ll fly into San Jose and then take a local flight to a little place called Golfito. I can’t answer all your questions just now so you’re going to have to go with me on this. You’ll take all your jungle gear and make sure you have your Satphone with you. I’ll make reservations for you at a little place right by the water called ‘Crews Quarters’ you’ll be able to stay there as long as you like as it’s out of season now. They have phones and internet but just remember none of it’s secure. Call me on my Satphone as soon as you arrive. By the way take cash, they’re not too keen on either credit cards or travelers cheques down there......about $5000 should do it......charge it all up.”
“Pa’an’s going to have a shitfit,” said Robbie,” the little bugger still hasn’t got over having to fly to England on his own that time.”
“Just tell him it’ll be like the old days, give him something to look forward to. By the way.....if you’re approached by anyone the password is ‘Leeds United.’”
“Where’ve I heard that before?” said Robbie laughing, “okay I’ll call you when we arrive.”
.
Quang was in heavy traffic hanging back from the small, grey car that had picked up the two Russians. There had only been the driver…..someone he didn’t recognize. Now the car was stopped at a red light four cars in front of him, Federov and Azimov sitting in the back seat. His Bluetooth earpiece, under his helmet, clicked on.
“Quang, we’re right behind you in the old Peugot, peel off at the next intersection we’ve got them from here.” He realized he had not been on his own during the surveillance and without looking behind him turned right once the light turned green. His headset chirped again.
“Quang, this is George Mudd, head off home and get some sleep. Thanks for your effort, I’ll be in touch.”
.
Dave Rowden, in the passenger seat of the Peugot, keyed his radio.
“Team Two pull up behind them see if you can see who’s driving then peel off and head back to the docks. Team Three pull in behind us and take over from us in about four blocks. It looks as though they’re heading into London.” His radio beeped twice,
“The two Russians are in the back….it’s Kevin Callahan driving.”
.
“It’s on the move!” George’s hand tensed around the phone. “It was picked up by two chaps in a blue van. One I’ve never seen before the other is Aiden Callahan.” George glanced at the screen on the unit left by Dave Rowden, the blue icon identifying the device was slowly moving westward towards London. He picked up the other phone.
“You fellas can stand down now.” The Anglian Water crews working on the dock packed up their equipment and left.
George turned to the other people in the room that had been turned into a control center overnight.
“Okay…so far so good. The players and the bomb are on the move. We have three teams on each plus the beacon in the device itself. It’s a bit of a risk but I think we have things under control for now. The Kiko Maru will be allowed to sail but she’ll be held in Liverpool for further investigation. Personally I don’t think the vessel has any more involvement. As far as she was concerned everything was above board. All we have to do now is wait and see where these birds settle.” Jen looked up from the racing page she was studying.
.
“Where’s O’Brian in all this…do we even know?”
“He seems to be taking a few days off. Right now he’s with his family at home in Thurrock but the house in Tilbury has been sold. He hasn’t been to the office for a few days now. The one I’m concerned about is Harry Vance in Seattle. ‘Division’ has him under surveillance but of course neither Homeland Security nor the FBI have any inkling as to what’s going on. I’m worried that he might get tasked to something and sent out of the office.” O’Rourke’s ears pricked up.
“George…..you got something going on we don’t know about?”
“No Tim……I just don’t want him slipping through the net. I want this bastard just as much as I want O’Brian and Kevin Callahan. Don’t forget I worked closely with him, together with Jonny Irvine in Canada, and all the time he was feeding info to the opposition. Those three are directly responsible for all the deaths, plus my dog, plus my boat and their attempt on Jen and myself. I want to be sure they all get some sort of retribution.”
“Yea right,” said O’Rourke disdainfully, “and you’re going to leave this so called ‘retribution’ to the law…….I’ll believe that when I see it!” Jen looked up questioningly,
“George?”
“Don’t worry, I’m getting too long in the tooth for anything else……they’ll get their comeuppance I’m sure of that.”


Chapter 41
“The Home Secretary had a fit……not that I can blame him. Took me ages to get him to agree to give us a little time but we do have to keep him in the loop. For sure the moment he thinks anything is going sideways he’ll implement a contingency plan which includes a major evacuation. I can’t begin to imagine what that might look like.” He lit a cigarette.
“I didn’t know you smoked Commander,” said George.
“I didn’t!”
“Well at least the birds have roosted,” said David moving over to the large street map pinned to a wall.
“Show me exactly where they are,” said the Commander.
“The Russians and the Callahan brothers are holed up in a small townhouse down in Whitechapel,” said David putting his finger on the map. “The bomb is in a small warehouse close to Kings Cross Station……right here. We have both locations under multiple surveillance with teams on constant stand by in case anyone chooses to leave. One team has commandeered an empty apartment in a building within sight of the device and we’ve put the technician in with them, the back of the building is covered by rotating teams so they can’t possibly move it without our knowing, the only danger is that they arm it in place!”
“We’ll know if they do that,” said George, “everybody doing a sudden flit will be a dead giveaway so it’s important that everyone be on the ball all the time. They don’t seem to be in any sort of hurry though, if they were why bother renting the house and the warehouse? They could just arm it, leave it somewhere and take off.”
“Maybe they’re waiting for something,” retorted the Commander.
George’s phone did its demented dance across the table.
“Mudd!”
“Alpha Team Sir…….a gent we haven’t seen before just entered the house in Whitechapel, he was carrying a small suitcase.”
.
April in Seattle can be either glorious or miserable. Seattle gets a ton of rain but the month of April is a shoulder month. This particular April was one of the glorious ones. The cherry trees were in bloom and people were milling around outside as though it were the height of summer.
Harry Vance hadn’t heard from O’Brian too often over the winter. Although there had been a couple of glitches last Fall they had gotten away with it unscathed. He knew that the second phase of the plan had gone perfectly and that his cousins were safely in London. He periodically checked the ‘Operation Gypsy’ file but that seemed to have died a death and gone cold. Every now and again he would communicate with O’Brian using their carefully encrypted system and their private code. Although his original thought had always been about the ‘cause,’ originating in Boston with the Irish, he found the money useful too……always the added incentive. He keyed his laptop.
“Nothing new in the file, you’re free and clear.”
.
O’Brian checked his messages in his inbox, smiled to himself, deleted everything and turned to his wife.
“I’ll be going away in about three days. I have to meet up with a freighter up in Liverpool and from there I’m going over to Belfast…….. probably be gone about a week. You’ll be okay for a while on your own?”
.
George slipped into bed besides Jen who was reading the paper. He lay there gazing up at the ceiling.
“Okay George, what’s going on? I know you too well. You might be able to kid the others but not me. You’ve got something cooking and you’re not letting on.”
“Jen…..the problem is that we might well be able to catch the Callahans and the Russians but for acts of terrorism not murder, however it would be extremely difficult to prove the involvement of either O’Brian or Harry Vance and they’re the ones I hold responsible. I’m not bothered about the Russians but the others need to pay. What I have ‘cooking’ is something that, put simply, will flush them out………….that’s all.”
“George hang on a minute”, she was reading the front page of the newspaper after having read the racing section first, “I think I know what they’re waiting for.”
“What ‘who’ is waiting for sweetheart?”
“O’Brian and company…..in five days time there’s a meeting in London of the Commonwealth First Ministers. There’s a ‘do’ hosted by the Queen and then a series of meetings. The Royals are flying down from Balmoral in a couple of days.”
.
Breakfast was a quiet affair. Everyone’s nerves were stretched. For two days there had been no activity either at the warehouse or the townhouse in Whitechapel and O’Brian seemed to be enjoying family life at his home in Thurrock. George was worried that the watchers would get careless and the Commander was getting pressure from the Home Secretary. David Rowden’s phone rang; he listened carefully and hung up.
“The fella with the suitcase has just left the house but he took a cab. The other four are still in the house. We have two teams on the cab, looks as though it may be heading towards Kings Cross.”
The Commander stood and stared at the map on the wall.
“Alert all the teams particularly the teams on O’Brian. I want to know immediately if he makes a move. George, I want you to go down to King’s Cross, join the team in the apartment. Be very careful….remember Kevin Callahan knows what you look like. We should also bring in the SAS teams now; we need to be ready to take them down. With the Commonwealth Conference in three days there’s no way the Home Secretary is going to remain inactive and anything he might do will be a dead giveaway.”


PART THREE. THE END OF THE BEGINNING.


Chapter 42
Robbie McElroy and Pa’an stepped off the plane in San Jose, Costa Rica, the heat hitting them like a palpable thing. Robbie was exhausted; they’d been on the go for two days non-stop although curiously Pa’an seemed to be taking it in his stride. Their trip had included a helicopter ride back to Bandar, a flight to Singapore, a non-stop flight to Los Angeles and a final flight down to Costa Rica. Although the rainy season was still a month away the sky was threateningly dark and the humidity had to be 100%. Pa’an loved it. He was in his element; even the smells reminded him of home. After recovering their two soft bags and passing through customs, which seemed to be a mere formality, they asked for directions to the small building that served as the terminal for the small plane that would fly them to Golfito on the Pacific coast not too far north of the Panama border.
The building that housed Sansa Airlines was not air conditioned and was crowded with a hodgepodge of bags either waiting to be picked up or loaded, it was difficult to tell which. Crowds of people surged backwards and forwards without any defined pattern. Spanish filled the air heavy with the smell of jet fuel and sweat. Pa’an was fast asleep, curled up on a bench, a diminutive little man with a wizened face, hair greying at the temples, his arms covered in the traditional tattoos of his native tribe.......the Penan of what used to be Borneo. Robbie sat, one eye on their two bags he could see on a pile and one eye on a clock, two more hours to wait, an hour in the air and then Golfito. I hope George knows what he’s doing......I’m knackered already he thought.
The plane powered down the runway, it had already started to rain. A twelve seat Cessna with a pilot wearing cut offs, flip flops and sporting a significant rack. There were just four passengers and a very noisy small plane.
Pa’an looked down at a familiar, green canopy. Unbroken jungle spread below them periodically dissected by the meandering, silvery gleam of a river. To him it looked like home! After about a half hour they appeared to be flying down a long, narrow valley, mountains rearing up on either side barely visible in the tropical rainstorm. The rain and wind battered the plane with only the seat belts keeping them in place. The pilot seemed to take it in her stride casually chatting to the guy in the right hand seat who seemed to be just catching a ride. A jungle covered mountain, higher than the rest, soared in front of the plane. Just as you could make out the individual trees through the rain the plane banked left, seemingly standing on its left wingtip, revealing a red/brown earthen airstrip carved out of the jungle.
The Cessna fell out of the sky, mud and water spraying up from the wheels as it touched down. The pilot turned the plane around, barely avoiding getting stuck in the mud and taxied back to the end of the runway. At a standstill the rained drummed on the fuselage. The pilot opened the door, lowered the steps and invited them to disembark. They were soaked through before they got to the bottom of the steps. She opened up a hatch in the rear of the plane, unloaded the bags for the four passengers, dumped them in the mud at the side of the runway and climbed back into the plane. With a roar she opened the throttles, taxied down to the other end of the mud strip and took off leaving them alone and splattered by the mud left in her wake.
“Just like home,” said Pa’an, “same everything, the jungle, the rain, the mud even the smell.” He sat on his duffle bag immune to the weather. Robbie, shivering in his tans, looked around for some sign of life, nothing.....just the jungle crowding in on all sides, the rain falling vertically in solid sheets turning the airstrip into a sea of mud. Now he understood why the Cessna left so quickly. A few minutes longer on the ground and she would have been stuck here for days.
They patiently sat in silence for about twenty minutes. From the demeanor of the other two passengers this was perfectly normal. A small van appeared out of the rain driven by a young man in shorts and a cowboy hat. They all climbed in after throwing the bags in the back. After a few minutes driving down a dirt road that would soon be impassable the ocean came into view through the trees and soon a small community......Golfito! About bloody time he thought.
.
Robbie woke in the morning slightly disoriented ...... it took him a few seconds to remember where he was. The room in the ‘Crew Quarters’ looked comfortable enough although his bag was where he had thrown it last night.....he’d fallen asleep in his soaking wet clothes. The sun streamed through the open window filtered by the palms outside, a warm breeze blew in off the bay.....the storm long gone. A shave and a shower turned him into a new man he thought as he stepped out onto the verandah.
Pa’an was squatting on the boards patiently waiting. He was wearing an old denim shirt, stained tan shorts and faded runners.......he looked as though he’d lived there for years.
“Morning Boss,” he uttered, “you look a bit better than you did last night,” he said, smiling.
“Did ye find us somewhere to eat ya little cannibal?” asked Robbie.
“Yep...just at the other end of the verandah.....it’s like a clubhouse.....empty now though.”
They sat through a substantial breakfast sitting in a corner facing the main door......a habit long engrained in the both of them. It seemed to be more like a clubhouse, a gathering place for sports fishermen and yachtsmen wanting a break from their boats. A young man came in, looked around, sat at the bar, ordered a coffee and a casado that typical Tico meal. While he was waiting he came over to the table with his coffee. In accented English:
“You guys just visiting Golfito, I didn’t see a new boat in the harbour?”
“We just flew in last night,” said Robbie, “going to do a bit of fishing.”
“You’re Scottish are you?” asked the stranger, “I used to follow the Glasgow Rangers but now I’m a great fan of Leeds United.”
“If you’re into soccer you’d better sit down and join us,” said Robbie smiling, “my little friend here is Pa’an.”
“Call me Julio.”


Chapter 43
Jen was furious.
“I knew you had a bloody plan,” she shouted at George, “why do you insist on putting yourself in harm’s way?”
“Well I’m not sure that I have, Jen,” he said quietly, “like I said before the whole idea is to flush out both O’Brian and Vance otherwise they’re either going to disappear into the wide blue yonder or get away with everything. I can’t do it without your help though.”
“So what you’re saying is that you want me to help make me a widow! Bloody great.”
“I don’t really think it’s going to come to that sweetheart but I do need you to help me........it’s all a matter of timing. If the timing is wrong it simply won’t work and I can’t do it on my own.”
.
“Where the devil is George?” demanded the Commander. “I told him to get his arse down to the warehouse in Kings Cross. O’Rourke and Rafferty show up down there and no one seems to know where George has got to. Jen, are you sure you have no idea where he might have disappeared to?”
“No Commander, he said he was headed down to Kings Cross and that’s as much as I know.”
“Bloody hell, Jen.....your husband can be damned infuriating sometimes.”
.
George stood in the concourse of the airport in San Jose contemplating the news that the airport, if you can call it that, at Golfito was temporarily closed down due to a rainstorm. He’d flown down from London via Miami, Florida and was now faced with at least an eight hour drive to Golfito providing the weather held. He would have to rent a four wheel drive and then arrange to have it brought back to the Airport......returning to San Jose was not part of his plan. He wasn’t too pleased with the prospect of the drive and the guy at the car rental had not painted the best of pictures of the road he would have to take. After all there only was one.....so no choice..... and most of the way was through virgin jungle.
.
Robbie sat watching Julio, if that was his name, shoveling his breakfast into his mouth.
“So what’s going on?” he asked, “and who the hell are you?”
“Like I said my name is Julio,” he answered with his mouth full, “I work for Hector Pan!”
.
Thousands of miles to the East the Commander sat with Jen in the living room of the safe house in North London...they were alone now.
“So what’s going to happen?” asked Jen, “how much longer are we going to wait?”
“Not long now,” said the Commander, “we can’t wait any longer for George, he seems to have disappeared off the face of the Earth. I know you know something Jen but I don’t expect you to tell me. I just hope he doesn’t do something stupid. In about half an hour we’re going to take down the house in Whitechapel and the warehouse in Kings Cross, I’m just waiting to hear that everything is in place. It’s a matter of timing....we’ll take them simultaneously, that way they won’t have the opportunity to communicate. Jen glanced at her watch and hit the “send” button on her laptop.
.
Rafferty and O’Rourke sat at a table set well back from the window overlooking the warehouse in Kings Cross watching the two surveillance screens being fed by the SAS teams at the front and back of the small building plus a separate screen on another table showing the front of the house in Whitechapel. With them was the Officer in Command and a small, almost bird like, man, clutching a large plastic tool box, his face covered in a sheen of sweat. The two main screens showed the front door of the building plus the loading dock at the back which had a man door built into it. The screens glowed eerily green caused by the light gathering cameras. Everything seemed quiet the only light coming from a small, dirty window at the front the silence only broken by the crackling of the speaker that gave them audio from the planned simultaneous attack on the house in Whitechapel, the Russians and Kevin Callahan.
O’Rourke turned towards the little man.
“Doctor, just remember, when we go in you stay directly behind me and Rafferty here will be directly behind you. If you falter my friend here will literally pick you up and carry you in. When we’re in you will disregard anything and everything around you.....our boys will look after all that stuff......your sole job is to disarm the bloody thing....I guess our lives, and your own now I come to think about it, are in your hands.”
“Ten minutes exactly now,” said the Officer into his throat mike nodding to O’Rourke to get ready, “you will go on my command.”
“Team “A,” Team “B” and Team White you are released to use deadly force,” said the Officer into his mike, “two minutes.”
.
Two muffled, simultaneous explosions blew the back and front doors off the building, four men entered each door through the dust and debris. All was quiet as the dust settled, suddenly two shots followed by the quick chatter of an MP3 sub-machine gun.
“Go now,” said the Officer to O’Rourke.
.
“Well that’s that then,” said the Commander looking relaxed for the first time in days and hanging up the phone. Jen looked at him questioningly.
“It all went very smoothly,” he said, “Aiden Callahan was with the technician in Kings Cross, he put up a bit of a fight, fired a couple of shots apparently. He was killed as was the techie...he was caught in the crossfire. Our man was able to disable the device, apparently it hadn’t been armed yet. The interesting and disturbing thing is that our man tells us the device originated in Russia which opens up another can of worms. According to Dave Rowden the take down at the town house in Whitechapel was pretty straight forward. The two Russians were killed trying to do a runner across the back yard but the disturbing thing is that Kevin Callahan got away. He must have had some sort of bolthole. We know for a fact he was in the house but they couldn’t find hide or hair of him. We’re confident that no attempt at communication was made. The problem is Callahan! If he had the wherewithal we have to assume he’s been able to alert either O’Brian or Vance although nothing has shown up yet on our taps. Just have to wait and see I guess.”


Chapter 44
George sat in the mud covered four wheel drive. He was pulled into a dirt alley in Golfito with a view of the small hotel and the waterfront such as it was. He was hot, tired and irritable. The drive had taken over ten hours. The road had been quite busy being the only main road in the region with parts under construction and parts not even paved. It had been a nerve wracking drive and he was just winding down. It was dark, hot and humid and he could see the insects gathering in the yellow light of the few street lights. There was hardly anybody around but then it was probably around dinner time now. He’d seen Robbie and Pa’an go into the cafe and his stomach rumbled at the thought. After an hour or so he saw the two of them come out onto the verandah together with a young native looking guy. The three of them walked down the worn boards, unlocked a door and walked into what George assumed was one of the rooms of the ‘Crews Quarters.’ His Satphone buzzed on the seat beside him indicating a text.
“The birds have flown and the till is empty.”
George smiled to himself and decided it was time to get something to eat and find a room for the night.
.
The following morning dawned typical of this part of Central America, hot and humid with the threat of rain and hardly any wind. The rather tired looking palm trees seemed listless in the heavy air. George showered in the too warm water having slept longer than he would normally but that was hardly surprising considering the previous day. In jeans, denim shirt and deck shoes he strolled over to the cafe having given time for Robbie and Pa’an to show up. With a smile he pushed open the door and walked over to their table.
“I was wondering when you might show up,” said Robbie giving him a bear hug. Pa’an stood and gave the traditional Dayak welcome, palms pressed tightly together in front of his chest, his face was beaming.
“Boss Tuan it is good to see you,” he said quietly. “And I you my old friend,” said George smiling at the diminutive little man. They ate a quick breakfast, George keeping one eye on the door.
“Sorry to drag you half way round the world but we have a little job to do. You’ll have met Julio yesterday who works for our friend Hector Pan in Vancouver. As soon as you pack up your things we’ll be leaving. I want to be out of here within the half hour. Julio has a small boat and all the equipment we might need. We will be heading across the harbour and then through the mangroves to the river that runs behind a Godforsaken place called Playa Zancudo. He will drop us off there and we will make our way through the bush and develop an OP in sight of and out of sight of a small resort called El Zancudo......I have the GPS coordinates here for you.”
“What the hell do we need an observation point for?” asked Robbie his Glasgow accent coming through loud and clear.
“We’re waiting for someone,” said George, “we might have to wait as long as forty eight hours, it’ll be like the old days in Sarawak. Pa’an you’ll feel right at home but it will be a hard slog through the jungle although it’s not far. Nobody ever strays off the road down there so there’s hardly any danger of someone tripping up over us.”
.
Half an hour later they found themselves quietly motoring across the harbour in a sixteen foot, flat bottomed boat typical of the region, Julio at the helm with three Bergen backpacks lying in the bottom of the boat. Several small fishing boats were moored about a hundred yards out but out in the middle of the harbour, some way astern of a local freighter, sat a magnificent sports fishing boat.
“Would ye look at that,” said Robbie “gotta be four million if it’s a penny.”
“More than that I think,” said George, “It’s a Nordhavn 75 Expedition with a range of several thousand miles, probably the finest offshore sports fisher in the world.....extremely civilized in every way and built for the weather. It belongs to Hector Pan!! That’s our ride out of here!!”
.
The little flat boat slipped through the mangroves with Julio regularly casting his eye at the GPS. The jungle crowded in on them, thick and oppressive the little outboard merely burbling in their wake. The very silence seemed hot and humid.....not a breath of wind, the silence periodically broken by the screech of a monkey high above, the air periodically broken by the flash of color as a parrot took to the air.
“This is not a good place,” said Julio above the sound of the outboard, “there are piranha and crocodiles in the water but the closer we get to Zancudo the more the land slopes upwards so we will be able to find a dry spot to put you ashore. It should not be long now......look over there.” He was pointing to a sandbank across an open stretch of water. As he spoke the 12’ croc slid into the water without a sound only his snout and eyes above the water. With barely a ripple he disappeared.
“Damned right you’d better find a dry spot,” whispered Robbie, “there’s absolutely no bloody way I’m getting off into the water.”
After another half hour the boat ground up onto a bank, the jungle a solid wall in front of them.
“This is as close as I can get,” said Julio, “everything you asked for is in the packs. In twenty four hours I will switch on the radio. The call sign is ‘Roundhay Park.’ I will reply with two clicks, you must allow approximately one hour for pick up. We will not be able to get closer than 150 yards from the beach as it slopes gently there. There are no small boats there so you will have to swim out. If anyone is hurt call on the handheld, channel 68......call ‘Harewood, Harewood,’ we will put a dinghy in the water.”
The boat backed off the land and quietly disappeared across the oily water leaving the three of them alone with the packs on the edge of the jungle.
“There are camos in the packs,” whispered George, “change here, standard operating procedure from now on in. Pa’an.....recce forward, we sit here one hour, make sure we don’t have company.” Pa’an disappeared, dressed only in shorts, dark tee shirt and bare feet, Pa’an in his element, at home in a jungle that seemed identical to his home in Sarawak. George and Robbie changed into the camouflage suits and combat boots. George dug into his own pack and distributed the silenced MP3 sub-machine guns and SIG handguns also silenced.
“What the hell George,” whispered Robbie, “we going to war or something?”
“If the shit gets in the fan Robbie leave it to me. For you the weapons are for self defense and nothing else. If we get caught by the authorities we’ll probably spend the rest of our lives in a Costa Rican jail. For the time being the less you know the better. Once I get a better idea of the situation I’ll fill the two of you in. You trusted me in Malaya, you trusted me in Borneo and I’m asking you to trust me now. I would be lying to you if I said we are not in harm’s way.”
“The ‘rush’ feels good George. I was getting bored just doing routine patrols in Dubai anyway. This feels like the old days and as for Pa’an......he loves it. I think for him he feels it’s the last kick at the can for a jungle warrior.”
They assumed a defensive position, the result of years of training in the Special Forces and settled down to wait.


Chapter 45
The wait took them back to their last patrols in the Borneo jungles as part of a Special Forces Troop in action against Indonesian terrorists.
They lay in silence, comfortable in their experience. Slowly the jungle came back to life around them. The monkeys started up their conversations in the tree tops and small animals could be heard rustling around in the undergrowth. The heat was stifling. The stink of rotting vegetation filled the air. Slowly their cotton suits got sweat soaked and their weapon’s steel heated up in the sun. Although neither would admit it......they were happy! This is what they had done for twenty years.....in different jungles.......in different countries.....always clandestine.....always having each other’s backs. Pa’an was no stranger to this either. For years he had acted as guide to George’s SAS Troop and for years he had worked for Robbie in Dubai. As Pa’an would say......they had each other’s six.
Suddenly Pa’an was just ‘there.’ He just materialized, without a sound, at their sides.
“For crying out loud ye little bastard why do ye do that?” whispered Robbie. “Ye scared the crap out of me!” George smiled.
“What’s the story little man?”
Pa’an squatted on his heels and cleared a small area on the earth...........picking up a stick and in Malay:
“I’ve found the place. It’s not far but the trail is hard.....straight through the bush. There is some high ground then a road which is unpaved. Across the road and right up against the beach is the place. He began to draw in the earth. On the left as you approach is a block building with a car port. This is the main house and it does not look as though anyone is there. Immediately to the right is a bar and restaurant. It has no walls and a palm roof. There are people there. It is not totally in view but I can hear talk and laughter. Further to the right is a row of four small cottages all joined together. I couldn’t tell if they were occupied or not. I’ve found a good spot for an observation point. It’s on an upslope and would be impossible to see from the road however the buildings are in view from there, would be better if we had some netting.”
“We have netting in one of the packs,” said George plus we have everything else we need to settle in for a couple of days. I’m sure we won’t have to wait any longer than that.” Pa’an looked questioningly at Robbie who just shrugged his shoulders.
“Just like the old days eh fellas?”
.
Pa’an was right when he said the going was hard, within a few minutes both George and Robbie started to feel their age although they’d both made an effort to keep in shape. There was no trail, Pa’an was in the lead but there was no cutting.....they were too close to the road and maintaining silence was critical. After about a half hour the ocean came into view from the top of a low ridge. They worked their way down about fifty yards and found the spot Pa’an had identified. They quickly settled in using the trenching tools and the camouflage netting that had been provided. The little resort was spread out below them and they could see the road for about 100 yards in each direction through the trees. Other than the buildings Pa’an had described there were no others in sight....it was isolated. Music and laughter drifted up from the bar, it appeared to be a bit of a local watering hole. Other than a beat up truck parked behind what looked to be a kitchen there were only a couple of mopeds. There was no vehicle by the block building and the carport was empty. A rather dilapidated, faded sign hung by the entrance.....El Zancudo.
“Get something to eat guys.....cold food. Pa’an use the empty cans, set up booby traps on our six.........give us some warning if anyone shows up. Watch system......one watching, two sleeping, four on four off. Let me know the instant anyone shows up.”
.
They watched the sun go down, a huge glowing orb settling into the sea.......... night comes quickly in the tropics. The night sounds surrounded them and they thanked Hector Pan for the bug cream and the night vision goggles included in their equipment. More and more people arrived at the bar although most seemed to be local. The smell of BBQ drifted up to them on the onshore, evening breeze. Through their goggles they could see that the ocean had receded in its six hour cycle. At low tide the sea had receded almost 100yards....the beach was enormous, outlined by a quiet line of gentle surf. The block house to their left remained dark and apparently empty.
Slowly the noise lessened and by midnight the lights slowly clicked off leaving the night to the jungle crowding in on three sides. Eventually the only sound was the gentle surf breaking on the beach, the rattle of the evening breeze in the palms and the constant chatter of the night insects interspersed by the threatening rustle of some hunting night creature.
The morning dawned early. At about 5.00am a taxi pulled up and four guys, obviously going fishing, piled in and disappeared to the North. At mid morning a delivery truck showed up pulling up behind the kitchen.
George woke up with a start Robbie shaking his shoulder and a hand over his mouth. Robbie pointed down the hill. A mud covered four wheel drive had pulled into the carport by the block building. George put the binoculars up to his eyes, followed one of the men into the house whilst the other unloaded the vehicle. He seemed to relax; a smile came to his face and a hard glint to his eyes.
“Gotcha you bastards,” he whispered almost to himself, “Pa’an keep an eye on the house for now, if they look as though they’re going to leave let me know immediately, by now they know something’s up for sure.”


Chapter 46
“OK Robbie......it’s a bit complicated. One of those guys is O’Brian, ex Irish Guards, ex Paratrooper the other is Harry Vance, ex FBI, ex Homeland Security. They are the two guys responsible for planting the nuclear device in London. They are the two guys responsible for killing the Irvines in Victoria, destroying my boat, killing my dog and most importantly attempting to kill both me and Jen.....we were just lucky. If I’d left it to the authorities in England they wouldn’t have had enough proof to punish them properly. The other guys, particularly the Callahan brothers, were dealt with in London by a couple of SAS Troops and our old friends the Commander and Major Rowden. I’m going to push ‘em into a corner then kill them both. If you want out Robbie.....now’s the time.”
“How in the bloody hell did you know they’d be down here?” said Robbie.
“We knew O’Brian had another identity, he uses the name Haddow and we knew he’d bought this place down here. This was obviously going to be his hidey hole as he’d transferred a ton of money to a bank in San Jose. I had Hector find me a computer hacker who was an expert at identity theft and encryption.....goes by the name of Herbert by the way. Harry Vance had access to a joint file which was updated with information relative to Operation Gypsy. We fed them bullshit information which was almost guaranteed to force them down here. Of course by now they know something’s up so they’ll be on their guard.......we’re going to have to be pretty quick.”
“You’ve bin reading too many books George.”
“Worked didn’t it?”
.
They waited through the heat of the afternoon taking it in turns with the binoculars. Neither of the men left the house. As the sun went down the evening regulars arrived at the bar and the music volume went up. After another hour the two men left the house and strolled over to the bar, probably for dinner.
“Okay this is how we’ll do it,” whispered George. “Now it’s dark I want Pa’an to get down there and disable the car.....something under the dash......hard to find, then I want Pa’an back here. Pa’an, at 2300 hours you radio the signal ‘Roundhay Park, Roundhay Park’ that will put the boat on station a little after midnight. The tide will be completely out by then which will make it easier for us. Robbie you and I will enter the house at 2330....if there’s any shooting I’ll do it. Pa’an...at 2345 use the VHF on channel 68 and radio ‘Harewood, Harewood,’ that’s the signal for them to send a boat in, I see no reason for us to have to swim for it.......then you come down to the house. I want to take those two jokers out to sea. I know it’s dangerous but I want us all to have our travel documents with us. Once on board the boat we’re not coming back. Our next stop will be San Francisco....about 3000 miles to the North of here and about eleven days......we’ve been fishing! Any questions? Good lets police this area and get everything we don’t need buried.”
.
Time really drags when you’re waiting. They cleaned up the area and buried everything they would not be taking with them. They kept an eye on the resort below them, the rhythmic music floating up to them on the evening breeze. It was a lot cooler now, the onshore breeze sighing through the canopy of palm trees, the night quiet punctuated by the thump of the occasional fallen coconut, the sky ablaze with stars typical of the tropics. As 11.00 o’clock approached neither of the men could be seen.
“Damn, where the hell are they? whispered George, “they going to stay there half the night drinking?”
“It’s time,” said Pa’an, “still want me to send the signal boss?”
“Yep.....send it now; let’s get this show on the road.” Pa’an sent the signal and received the two clicks in reply.
“Pa’an, you stay here for now. Robbie let’s move down a bit, get closer to the road, that way we’ll save some time if they spend much longer in the bar.”
They moved down much closer to the road the, view eerily green through their night vision goggles. Slowly the noise from the bar lessened as people left to go home, most walked although some were on mopeds their lights flashing bright in the goggles.
“There they are,” whispered George. O’Brian and Vance were walking across the gravel parking lot towards the house, their feet crunching loud. “Give ‘em time to get in and settle down Robbie. Once we start we’ll go in on the count of one hundred......I’ll take the front you take the back.” They quietly cocked their silenced MP3,s and approached the rear door. The lights in the house came on and music started as someone turned on a radio. “Okay Rob start the count now I’m heading for the front. No shooting unless it’s defensive.”
.
O’Brian was in the kitchen of the open plan downstairs opening a couple of beers; Vance had tuned the radio to a local Golfito Station and had opened a couple of shutters to let the evening breeze into the stuffy house. Without any warning the silence of the evening was broken by the crash of the front and back doors collapsing inwards and the apparition of two camouflaged troopers appearing out of nowhere carrying automatic weapons.
“On your stomachs now,” shouted one of the men, “hands behind your backs......not a twitch or you die now.”
Using plastic ties they tied their hands behind their backs, gagged them with duct tape, closed the shutters, turned off all the lights save for one small lamp, searched them for weapons and sat them down in hard kitchen chairs.
“Keep an eye on ‘em Rob, we don’t have much time, I’ll have a quick look round.” George quickly searched the few rooms coming up with a couple of handguns, a Satphone and a laptop.
“Okay Robbie whistle in Pa’an we don’t have much time.” Finally he looked at the two men now tied to the chairs.
“Harry Vance...remember me ........and you are O’Brian.......you two have a lot to answer for and answer you will........but my way!”


Chapter 47
They waited a few minutes in the silence, the radio now off, one ear cocked for any signs of activity from the bar, everything was quiet save for the heavy breathing of the two tied up.
“Where the hell is that little bugger?” asked Robbie alarm in his voice.
“We’re running out of time,” said George, “better go look for him, take care though.....not like him, take the night vision.”
Robbie slid out of the back door and quietly worked his way back up the hill towards their observation post. His cotton suit was quiet as he made his way through the brush, his view illuminated by the goggles.
He found Pa’an sitting where they had left him. He hadn’t been dead long.....just a few minutes...his dark tee shirt stained darker by the blood from the stab wound in his neck. Robbie’s eyes misted over. He’d known this little man for over twenty five years. They’d fought together in several different jungles, in several different countries and in retirement he’d given him a job and a small farm up the river from Bandar in Brunei where his wife and two children were waiting for him. His professional instincts cut in; he rolled several feet to the side and lay quietly controlling his breathing and the rapid beating of his heart. Someone had to be very professional and very good to get to Pa’an without him knowing about it, not a sound save for the night insects and the breeze in the tree canopy. The jungle had gone quiet as though waiting. He knew that George would be getting anxious but continued to lie there every sense straining for the threat........nothing! Still he waited as the jungle, once again, came back to life. Silently he worked his way back to his friend taking a circular route through the undergrowth and stopping every few feet to listen......still nothing. He carefully approached his old friend looking and feeling for any booby trap.......he would’ve left one had it been him. Every sense screaming at him to get out he reached out and closed Pa’an’s eyes tears streaming down his own face.
“I can’t do anything for you now old friend,” he whispered, “I have to leave you. I will see that the prayers of a warrior are said, I will see that your family is looked after and I will see that the person who did this dies in pain.......I guarantee it.”
.
“What’s up, where the bloody hell have you been?” said George.
“Pa’an’s dead,” whispered Robbie his face obviously tearstained. George blanched.
“How?” asked George.
“Stabbed by a professional,” said Robbie, “he never even moved.” They saw the flash of satisfaction cross O’Brian’s face. Robbie turned to O’Brian.
“Who’s out there?” he asked quietly, ripping off his gag. O’Brian simply smiled. Robbie pulled out his handgun, screwed in the silencer and said,
“Who’s out there?......I’ll not ask you again.” O’Brian smiled again.
“Get stuffed.” The gun spat as Robbie shot him in the knee. O’Brian screamed in pain as the bullet bit into his kneecap and threw him and the chair half way across the room.
“Like I said O’Brian who’s out there?” O’Brian lay there moaning blood seeping down his leg. The gun spat again as Robbie shot him in the other knee. He screamed again.
“Nobody’s coming O’Brian,” said George, “this is drug country; people mind their own business here.”
“I’m not going to kill you O’Brian,” said Robbie, “you have elbows and ankles to go yet......I’ll turn you into a vegetable if I have to.”
“It’s Kevin Callahan.....he got away.”
.
“Get Vance down to the beach,” said George, “we have to assume Pa’an called in the dinghy.”
“What about him?” asked Robbie nodding at O’Brian.
“We’ll leave him here. If he doesn’t bleed out he’ll never walk again for sure. The IRA will kill him anyway once they find out where he is and the fact that he took off with a ton of their money.....I’ll make sure they find out.”
.
The small inflatable ran the three of them out to the darkened Nordhavn, Vance trussed up like a turkey, leaving Pa’an sitting overlooking the scene of his last action with his long time friends.


Chapter 48
Out of the traffic lanes the Mason 55, aptly named ‘Gypsy,’ carved her way through the ocean swell seemingly climbing up the sun to the westward. They had bought her three months previously in Los Angeles soon after George had returned from Costa Rica after having heard from the agent yet again. They had used the insurance payout from Bailey’s Ride plus additional funds the source of which George had yet to explain to Jen.
‘Gypsy’ was the epitome of the ocean going cruiser, large enough to be a floating home, safe enough to take them anywhere in the world and a head turner in any port. They had lavished funds on her over the course of the last few months. George had immersed himself in the re-fitting of her, the addition of state of the art equipment and planning the first leg of their trip across the Pacific. It was as though he wanted to keep himself so occupied that he didn’t have time to think about the loss of his friend for which he felt totally responsible. Robbie had gone back to Herefordshire to run their Security Business in their absence but only after having returned to Bandar to fulfill his promises to Pa’an.
“Don’t you think it’s time you got all this off your chest now?” said Jen reclining on the cockpit cushions. George had just adjusted the Hyrovane self steering and had set the proximity alarm on the radar. They had settled down for the evening with their traditional gins and tonic, the water hissing by the bows of the boat, the wake quickly disappearing into its own phosphorescence, pink in the setting sun.
“You’re probably right Jen....it’s time.”
.
“We had to leave Pa’an. There was nothing we could do for him anyway. I think it hit Robbie even harder than me. From Golfito to San Francisco is almost 3000 miles.....about 11 days cruising so to keep ourselves legitimate we did some fishing and some drinking I guess although our hearts were not in it. Hector had brought the boat down himself from Los Suenos and was only too happy to act as host. Once we got into US waters we communicated with the Commander who arranged to have us met by the US Coastguard. They took off Vance who, I’m sure, will never see the light of day again. As for O’Brian and Callahan I’ve no idea what might have happened to them. O’Brian could have died for all I know. Hopefully we’ll catch up with Callahan......he has a lot to answer for. He’s also a potential threat although not out here I would think. Don’t forget his brother was killed in London and I don’t think he would forget in a hurry. I get the feeling he and I are alike in many ways. The part I haven’t told anyone about yet is the other “project” of Herbert the Hacker.....love that name. By the way if we ever need him again I have some weird e-mail address that I’m sure is totally untraceable. I’ve absolutely no idea who or where he is.....he’s obviously very good though,” he said laughing and pouring himself another drink.
I told you that O’Brian had transferred a ton of money to a bank in San Jose......El Banco National.....to be precise. Well.....I had Herbert hack into his account and spirit all the money away.....how about that? If he’s still alive he doesn’t have a nickel!! Doncha love it?” He said laughing. Jen noted that it was the first time she’d heard him laugh in three months.
“Anyway.....I put the money to good use.....it was almost half a million quid.....obviously O’Brian’s retirement fund. You remember the skipper of the Glen Monarch that Callahan killed? I don’t know if I told you but his daughter in Glasgow was terminally ill and was going to die unless she got some very expensive medical help. His name was Hamish MacDonald.....I met him once and really liked the old guy. I had Herbert transfer half the funds to the girl to pay her medical expenses. O’Brian’s wife and family had absolutely no idea what he was up to, he ran two totally separate lives......I transferred some of the money to them. Part was sent to Pa’an’s family so they will never want for anything in their lives and the balance went to the mysterious Herbert to pay for his expertise.....of course I put a bit towards this boat, after all it was Callahan that blew up Bailey’s Ride. Hector refused any payment whatsoever and had to be considerably out of pocket......I think he just enjoyed the excitement of it all.”
.
“So here we are George......exactly where we were supposed to be months and months ago.........a line through an item on your bucket list.....sailing across the Pacific, a different boat, not alone.....not with your dog.....but with me,” she said slipping off her halter top. “Why don’t you come and take advantage of me.....there’s nobody watching.”
TO BE CONTINUED.

The next book in the trilogy is:
A Trooper’s Wife.


-

