TALES FROM CASTLE DESTRO VOL. III - VENGEANCE

By Don Maue

Smashwords Edition (revision 1)

Tales from Castle Destro Vol. III - Vengeance
Copyright © 2012 by Don Maue

Thank you for downloading this free eBook.  You are welcome to share it with your friends.  This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form, with the exception of quotes used in reviews.

Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

It should be noted that while many of the original characters in this ebook are named for friends within the G.I. Joe collector community, the characters themselves are entirely fictional. This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental.

Adult Reading Material

***

This is the third collected volume of stories from my fan-fiction blog, Tales from Castle Destro. As always, special thanks are owed to Ventura Nunez and Nathan Aveyard who have helped me with all three ebooks by listening to my ideas and offering their critiques. Hugh Orr once again assisted me by editing my amateurish photography into fantastic cover art. And most of all, thank you to my wife Jenny, and my children, Adam and Kate, for putting up with my nerdy obsession with the world of Castle Destro. I hope you all enjoy this book as much as I enjoyed writing it.
*****

TALES FROM CASTLE DESTRO VOL. III - VENGEANCE

*****

Chapter 43
Lieutenant Sean Flaherty wiped the sweat from his eyes and looked out over the Benzheen desert at what remained of his company as they hurried to refuel and re-arm their DEMON tanks. Calling it a company was almost laughable at this point. Ninety minutes earlier, they’d had fourteen tanks operated by thirty-eight armor crewmen, or Ferrets as the Iron Grenadiers called them. There were now only five tanks remaining. Lightning One and Two from Lieutenant Head’s 2nd platoon were still in the fight, along with Hunter One, Two and Three from Flaherty’s own 1st platoon. Headquarters platoon and 3rd platoon had been utterly wiped out. The wounded had been evacuated, along with the bodies of the dead that hadn’t been left behind in their burning DEMONs. The company commander, Captain McLeod, had been among the dead and now it would fall to Flaherty to lead the remnants of the unit back into the city they’d just fought their way out of. He pulled the magazine from his MARS-45 submachinegun, checked the magazine to ensure that it was full and replaced it. Flaherty hadn’t fired the weapon during the battle. Checking it was more of a reflex born from years of training. The simple mechanics of it helped to distract him from the enormity of recent events. 
“Sean,” a voice called from behind him.
Flaherty turned to see Lieutenant Head, nicknamed ‘Goggles’ by his men, standing behind him.
“They’re ready to begin,” Head told him.
Flaherty slung the submachinegun and picked up his helmet before following Goggles to a nearby cluster of Grenadier Officers. Metal-Head was the senior man present and he had gathered the unit commanders together prior to moving out. He was already speaking to the assembled group as Goggles and Flaherty approached.
“Obviously, the enemy is aware that we’ve been landing troops out here, so this won’t be a surprise attack,” he was saying. “We’ll go in heavy and with overwhelming force. Intel relayed from the Castle is that SKAR still has a substantial number of troops in the city, but that their armor capabilities were mostly smashed by the Cobra airstrike. By the way, you gentlemen that were on the ground here can thank the Baroness for the air support. Even Laird Destro was caught unawares by it.”
Metal-Head pointed toward the hastily constructed terrain model on the desert floor and continued. “The Dominators will spearhead our advance, followed by the Ogres. The remaining DEMONs will bring up the rear - “
“Sir,” Flaherty interrupted. “My people just had their noses bloodied by these guys and would like a little payback. We’d like very much to lead the movement back in.”
Metal-Head stared at Flaherty for a moment before speaking. “By my estimation, Lieutenant - your boys gave at least twice as good as they got. They don’t have shit to make up for. But if you really want the lead, it’s all yours.”
“Thank you, sir,” Flaherty said.
“Okay, so the DEMONs will lead the advance, followed by half of the Dominators, then the infantry in their Ogres and finally the remaining Dominators. The Razor gunships that ferried us in here will be on station to provide air support, as needed. The trailing Dominators will be standing by to go airborne should we need air support above and beyond that which the gunships can provide. Questions?”
There were none and the meeting broke up as quickly as it had begun. Flaherty chuckled lightly as he and Goggles walked back to their company.
“Goggles looked at him strangely. “What”
“Fuckin’ Dominators,” Flaherty muttered, shaking his head.
The Dominator was as much an engineering marvel as it was a failure. Years earlier, MARS Research and Development had managed to produce a working tank / helicopter hybrid. The very idea that a lumbering armored vehicle could unfold a main rotor and become an attack helicopter was so novel that MARS had sold thousands of them worldwide. The problem with the Dominator was that in order to make the thing fly, its designers had sacrificed much in the way of armor. And while the vehicle did fly, it didn’t do so very quickly. The result was that in one mode, you had a lightly armored tank that was easier to kill than it should have been; while in the other mode you had an attack helicopter that was too slow-moving to evade anti-aircraft fire. Once its weaknesses had become painfully obvious, Destro had mothballed the Iron Grenadiers’ entire fleet of Dominators. Unfortunately, the war with SKAR had almost eradicated the Grenadiers’ air power, and while newly promoted Colonel Jett was working hard to find and train new AGP pilots, it was a time consuming process. So reluctantly, Destro had ordered the Dominator back into service, swearing that once his air power was restored, he would assign every remaining Dominator to be used as practice targets for the Grenadiers’ anti-armor teams.
Back at the company area, Flaherty and Goggles found Sergeant King waiting for them. “Everyone’s topped off, Sir. We’re ready to rock.”
“Thanks, Sergeant. We have the lead, so let’s get them saddled up. We’ll be rolling momentarily.”
King smiled in his crooked, mischievous way. “You got it, Sir!”
Minutes later, the company rolled out of their assembly area, the five DEMONs fanning out in a wedge formation. They covered the ground quickly, passing the site of their most recent battle and making it to the paved roadway within minutes. Once there, they changed formation, with the three DEMONs in single file on the roadway and the faster DEMON II’s split out to either side as flanking scouts. They encountered no resistance and soon reached the city limits. A Razor gunship had been designated to act as an aerial observer and the pilot expertly guided them to an obstacle-free route which led to the waterfront area where the original objective had been located. An elite squad of TARGATs (Trans-Atmospheric Global Assault Troops) had been assigned to reconnoiter a suspected SKAR warehouse and determine what the enemy was keeping inside. Flaherty’s company had been part of a reaction force assigned to back up the TARGATs in the event that things went badly. Of course, things had gone very badly. Most of the TARGATs were dead or wounded, along with most of the First DEMON Company and a fair number of the Highlander infantrymen assigned to the reaction force. It had not been the first time that SKAR had proven themselves adept at luring the Grenadiers in and then inflicting maximum damage.
“Objective area coming up on the right,” Goggles radioed.
Flaherty acknowledged and without realizing it, he reached up to tighten his crash webbing. One by one, the platoon rolled around the corner and into what had been the kill zone of the SKAR ambush. Rifle and machinegun fire could be heard against the sides of the DEMONs.
“Taking small arms fire,” Flaherty reported calmly over the command net. “DEMONs are weapons free.”
At the command ‘weapons free’, each tank began to engage whatever enemy troops they were able to find. The tank commanders responded with cannon fire only, preferring to save their Tri-Cap missiles for more valuable targets. While the five DEMONs spread out and took up their assigned positions, a column of Ogre armored personnel carriers sped into the area between the target warehouse and the pier, and began offloading Highlander Brigade infantrymen led by Captain Llama and his squad of Death Dealers. As the infantry flooded into the area, the DEMON guns fell silent, none of the tank commanders wishing to hit their own troops. Flaherty couldn’t help shaking his head at the stark difference between this engagement and the one they’d fought less than two hours earlier. The SKAR troops fought no less fiercely, but without their armored vehicles, they were no match for the Grenadiers. The Highlanders quickly breached the warehouse, an easier task now, given the number of gaping holes in the side of the building. 
Flaherty was able to follow some of the action over the command frequency, but the fighting had moved on from where his company sat. The Death Dealers and some of the Highlanders were fighting their way through the warehouse. The resistance was determined, but ineffective.  Other Highlander units had erected roadblocks on the avenues leading out of the small city and were now engaged with SKAR forces trying to flee. In a few cases, sleek black Razor gunships were dispatched to take out fleeing vehicles that had managed to evade the roadblocks.
Three hours after they left the staging area, it was all over. Metal-Head ordered a hasty withdrawl from the city. Back at the staging area, he called again for the unit commanders. As usual, Metal-Head got straight to the point. 
“As much as I would have liked to establish a defense and scour that warehouse for useable Intel, it would seem that we need to pack up and vacate Benzheen before the Emir sends in his elite troops to give us a most serious thrashing.”
There were more than a few chuckles around the group. Everyone present knew that a battalion of Grenadiers with a little bit of air support could likely take on the entire Benzheen Defense Force without breaking a sweat.
"Luckily for the Emir,” Metal-Head continued, “Laird Destro doesn’t wish for this incident to generate any more headlines than it already has, so we’re to load up and return to the Anastasia as soon as possible. Those of you that flew in on the Draconus transports will leave the same way and fly straight back to Castle Destro.”
***
The mood onboard the Draconus was subdued, to say the least. The First DEMON Company had accounted for at least four times as many casualties as it had sustained. An impressive record to be sure, but the absence of comrades for the flight home left the victory feeling more like a defeat. Flaherty tried to sleep, but every time he closed his eyes he saw Captain McLeod’s face. Eventually, he gave up the effort and turned to cleaning his submachinegun. Before long, he was joined by Sergeant King.
“Any ideas as to what happens now?”
Flaherty thought about it for a moment. Hell, he’d been thinking about it since they’d boarded the transport. Finally, he shook his head. “No. To be honest, I don’t.”
***
Back at Castle Destro, the company rolled through the portcullis and into the underground motor pool. There was motor pool staff on-hand to direct each vehicle into its designated berth. As was their custom, the company gathered around Flaherty.
“I would love to tell you what tomorrow has in store for us,” he said. “But the plain fact is that I have no idea. It might be that we get a fresh class of recruits to replace our losses. Or we may all just be reassigned to new armor units as replacements ourselves. I can say one thing for certain. I’m proud of the way you men handled yourselves today and whether we are allowed to remain together or not, I am proud to have fought alongside each and every one of you.”
Flaherty looked around the group as he continued. “NCO’s will make sure that anyone with wounds gets medical attention, no matter how minor. Once all of the weapons are turned in, you’re on your own time until 0700. They’re all yours, Sergeant King.”
King began barking orders as Flaherty turned and walked over to where Lieutenant Head was talking to Captains Llama and Ghost. “So what’s up?”
Llama spoke up, “Laird Destro wants to see the four of us as soon as we’ve cleaned up. He said something about discussing our futures.”

Chapter 44
“Ah, welcome gentlemen!”
Destro had been standing on the outdoor balcony of his private dining room when his guests arrived and he hurried back inside to greet them. He was attired as they were, in full dress uniform, as was the custom for dinner at Castle Destro. The Laird of the Castle shook each man’s hand and bid them to take a seat. James McCullen Destro XXIII was one of the most powerful men in the world, a fact that would have corrupted many lesser men, but not him. Destro was ever the gentleman. For Lieutenant Flaherty, it wasn’t his Laird’s friendly and hospitable manner that made him ill at ease, but the fact that Destro had chosen to receive his guests without wearing one of his ubiquitous battle masks. In nearly four years of service with the Iron Grenadiers, this was the first time Flaherty had seen the man’s face in person. Taking his place at the head of the table, Destro looked out at the assembled group and paused a moment before speaking. The Sergeant Major, seated to Destro’s right, handed him a sheet of paper.
“I cannot say that I am entirely please with the way things unfolded in Benzheen,” he admitted, looking at the paper he’d been handed. “The cost of that engagement was utterly unacceptable. Major Bunnell is recovering from shrapnel wounds. He’ll be fine, but his unit was essentially wiped out - only four other men survived and one of them was wounded badly enough that he will not be returning to our ranks. The First DEMON Company was similarly mauled, with seven wounded and nineteen killed. Highlander Company A had twelve wounded and seventeen killed. Twenty-three wounded and forty-four killed. Only the Death Dealers came away unscathed. On top of the human losses, nine DEMONs and three Ogres were completely destroyed.”
Destro set the paper aside. “Despite these casualties, I want you men to know that I am exceptionally pleased with the way your units handled themselves and I expect that you will pass that along to your men. This war is not over. Your units will be brought back up to full strength and you’ll see action again, I’d wager, before we’ve seen the last of SKAR.”
The stewards arrived and began serving dinner. Flaherty had not eaten since Benzheen and only now did he realize just how hungry he was.
“Lieutenant Flaherty,” Destro said, looking directly at him. “You have some big shoes to fill. Captain McLeod has been with me almost as long as the Sergeant Major here. He was a good soldier. Were you aware that he had named you as the man to replace him?”
Flaherty shook his head, “I wasn’t, my Laird. At least not until Lieutenant Head told me.”
“McLeod had been planning to retire next year and he wanted to pass the company off to you.”
That revelation hit Flaherty in the gut like a hammer. To have served so long, and made it so close to retirement, only to die on a shitty stretch of desert road in a country that none of them gave a damn about, left him feeling drained. Flaherty had nothing to say.
“I trust you will not let me down?”
“No, my Laird!” Flaherty blurted. He didn’t want to consider failing to live up to McLeod’s expectations.
“Good. Your job will be made more difficult by the fact that I’ll be taking Lieutenant Head from your company and reassigning him to MARS Research and Development. He proved himself invaluable in testing the DEMON II, so we’re going to put him to work on improving both the armor and the armaments package for that vehicle before it enters full service with the Grenadiers.”
Destro paused a moment to let that sink in before continuing. “Tomorrow, you’ll receive replacement troops. New vehicles will arrive next week. In the meantime, use the ones you have along with the simulators to start getting your new people up-to-speed.”
“If I may ask, My Laird, what percentage of the new troops will be trained Ferrets?”
Destro grinned knowingly. “Sergeant Major?”
The Sergeant Major cleared his throat and began reading from another sheet of paper. “You’re to receive thirty enlisted men, Sir. Nine of them are trained as Ferrets. You’ll have your work cut out for you.”
Flaherty did the math in his head and quickly realized that slightly more than half of his men would be trained and experienced as Ferrets. It would have to be enough. “Officers?”
The Sergeant Major couldn’t help the little smirk. “One Ferret with a good amount of experience. He’d probably make a good XO for you. The other three are infantry Lieutenants.”
As dinner progressed, they discussed the combat effectiveness of the enemy they’d faced in Benzheen. The general consensus was that the SKAR troops were efficient when they were able to achieve surprise or when they held a significant numerical advantage. However, man for man, they fell well short of measuring up to the skill and tenacity of the Grenadiers. After the meal, the stewards cleared the table and served drinks. Destro raised his glass.
“For gold and glory,” he said before draining his glass. The other men echoed his toast and followed suit.
The door opened and Captain Nirvana strode into the room, red and gold accents gleaming against the flat black of his Nullifier battle armor. He stopped near the head of the table and came to attention. “Everything is in readiness, my Laird.”
“Thank you, Captain,” Destro said, pushing back from the table. “Gentlemen, I encourage you to linger and relax. I have a meeting that I do not wish to be late for. Sergeant Major, I believe we have one more bit of business?”
“Yes, my Laird,” The Sergeant Major stood and called the gathering to attention. Destro walked around the table to where Flaherty stood and stopped in front of him.
“Lieutenant Flaherty, as you well know, the commander of a tank company is normally a Captain. To be perfectly honest, I would rather that Captain McLeod were still with us to continue your development. But we rarely get what we wish for, and McLeod insisted that you were the man for the job.”
Destro extended his hand and the Sergeant Major placed something in it. Destro reached up and removed the single Lieutenant’s bars from Flaherty’s uniform and replaced them with the double bars of a Captain.
“I know this isn’t how you’d have preferred to be promoted,” Destro said, shaking Flaherty’s hand “But congratulations nonetheless, Captain.”
“Thank you, my Laird.”
As the other Officers congratulated Flaherty, Destro turned to follow Captain Nirvana from the room. He stopped at the doorway and offered one more parting comment. “You gentlemen be sure not to keep young Flaherty too long. I’m sure he’s eager to visit the pub, and a certain red-headed lady.”
And with that, he was gone. Flaherty stared after him, wondering if there was anything about himself that Destro was not somehow aware of.
***
After a quick change of clothing, Flaherty, Llama and Ghost were leaving the Castle, headed into town with Goggles at the wheel of a Land Rover. As they exited the Castle grounds, a Razor gunship lifted off behind them, flanked by two pairs of AGP’s - Destro and his Elite Guard leaving for the meeting he’d mentioned.
“You know, Flaherty,” Ghost was saying, “You’re one of the few Grenadiers I know that hasn’t managed to be tagged with a nickname. How is that?
Flaherty grinned. “Just lucky, I guess.”
The drive was a short one and they were soon seated at the pub with a round of cold pints in front of them. Flaherty hadn’t seen Penny yet and wondered if perhaps she had the night off. Llama noticed a few of his Death Dealers engaged with some of the locals in a rowdy drinking game that somehow involved knives and wandered off to make sure they stayed out of trouble.
Goggles clapped Flaherty on the shoulder. “It looks like I’m going to be around for at least a few days, so if you need a hand with the new Officers, just let me know.”
Flaherty nodded. “That’s good. I’ll take all the help I can get.”
Goggles scratched his chin thoughtfully. “The core of the unit is good and you’ve got excellent NCO’s. I’m assuming you’ll make King your First Sergeant?”
“Yeah, he’s an easy choice. The harder part is deciding where to put everyone else.”
Ghost drained his first pint and signaled the barkeep for a refill. “It’s relatively easy for me,” he said. “Most of my losses were infantrymen. The only difficulty will be replacing my mortars.”
Like most Iron Grenadier infantry companies, Ghost’s Highlander A Company had had a seven man 60mm mortar squad, operating in two three-man teams with a squad leader overseeing them. In a weird twist, two of the three Ogres destroyed in Benzheen had been carrying Ghost’s mortar teams, resulting in the loss of all seven men. While a man could be trained to proficiency on the weapon system in a week or so, it took considerably longer to develop a true ‘feel’ for it, so skilled mortarmen were a valued commodity.
“I’ll talk to Aries and see if I can pick and choose at least some of them from the Brigade’s other mortar units.”
Flaherty nodded absently as he looked around, wondering where Penny was. Just then, she dropped into the empty chair next to him.
“Looking for someone, soldier?”
“Yeah, they tell me there’s a really cute brunette waiting tables here,” Flaherty quipped. “I was hoping to - .”
Penny slugged him in the side. “Are you going to introduce me to your friends?”
Flaherty made a show of rubbing his side where she’d hit him. “You already know Goggles, but this gentleman is Ghost.  Llama is here, too, but he’s run off to play with some others.”
Pleasantries were exchanged and Ghost bought another round of drinks.
“Such colorful nicknames,” Penny remarked. “What’s yours, Sean?”
“Oh, he doesn’t have one yet,” Ghost said.
Goggles leaned over and whispered conspiratorially, “He’s not elite enough.”
“I’m telling you, it’s because I’ve been lucky, so far,” Flaherty insisted.
“I’d tend to agree with that,” Ghost agreed, inclining his head toward Penny.
“Very well,” Goggles said, slapping his palm on the table. “Lucky it is!”
“Fuck,” Flaherty grumbled, lifting his pint.
Penny leaned close. “Don’t you feel lucky?”
Flaherty blushed and drank deeply. He finished and wiped his mouth. “Come to think of it, I do.”
Goggles sighed and leaned back in his chair. “Penny, can I trust that you’ll have him back to the Castle by 0600?”
She stood, taking Flaherty’s hands and pulling him out of his chair. “Yes, you can, Mister Goggles.”
“Very well, then,” he said shooing them away with a casual hand gesture. “Off you go.”
***
A little less than a hundred miles away, Destro emerged from his Razor gunship with Captain Nirvana and two other Nullifiers. The remaining four members of the Elite Guard were aloft in their AGPs, providing perimeter security. As the four men reached the entrance to the small tavern, Destro turned and held up his hand. 
“I’ll go alone from here, Captain. If I need you, you’ll know.”
“Very well, my Laird,” Nirvana replied, a wry grin behind his battle helmet. He directed his two subordinates to take their positions and then posted himself at the tavern entrance to ensure that Destro’s meeting wasn’t disturbed.
Inside the small building, the lights were low. Destro made his way to the back of the room to a table occupied by a stern-looking man with a military regulation haircut. He had noticeably more grey at the temples than the last time Destro had seen him. The man stood and extended his hand as Destro approached.
“Clayton, it’s good to see you,” Destro said as he shook the offered hand. Both men sat.
Brigadier General Clayton ‘Hawk’ Abernathy grinned as he interlaced his fingers. “That was quite a show your boys put on in Benzheen.”
“Yes, I can’t argue that. SKAR has proven to be considerably more troublesome than I’d expected.”
“Agreed,” Hawk said. “We’ve had some minor run-ins with them, as well, but nothing like the large-scale engagements your people have had. I think we can agree that despite our differences, we both would prefer to see SKAR out of business permanently.”
“Are you proposing an alliance of sorts?” Destro asked, somewhat surprised.
“No, not anything so official,” Hawk explained. “I’m not here, you see. No more so than you are. But I’d like to think that perhaps we can help each other deal with this problem through unofficial channels.”

Chapter 45
Ghost was quite pleased with himself as he reviewed the roster of men he’d been assigned to replace his recent losses.
“What’s with the shit-eating grin?” Captain ‘Colors’ DelRio asked as he set down his tray and took a seat across from Ghost in the Officers’ Mess. While dinners were a formal affair served by uniformed stewards, breakfast and lunch tended to be more akin to a meal in a school cafeteria, with Officers and enlisted men alike going through the serving line. The only difference was that the Officers still ate separately in their own Mess.
“Don’t mind him,” Flaherty said. “He’s gloating.”
“Do tell,” Colors encouraged as he dug into his salad.
“My entire mortar section was whacked during our little trip to Benzheen,” Ghost explained. “I’d been a bit concerned about acquiring some decent talent to rebuild the unit, but it appears that I managed to do fairly well for myself.”
“What he means is that he pulled a fast one and got the brigade commander to agree to let him poach some other units for talent,” Llama scoffed. “To be honest, I was a bit surprised that Aries allowed you to take both Humpty and the Hobbit.”
Humpty had been the fire direction controller for the 81mm mortar platoon in the Brigade’s Heavy Weapons Company. Hobbit was another highly experienced mortar NCO from the same unit.
“Aw hell, Captain Bell was happy to get rid of the Hobbit,” Ghost offered. “That whole incident with the Baroness is still a sore subject for him. But he nearly shit a brick when he realized he was losing both of them.”
A few months earlier, the Baroness had made a public appearance on behalf of MARS and the duty fell to the Highlander Brigade to provide additional security for the trip. Sergeant ‘Hobbit’ O’Mahoney was one of the men assigned. He became an instant legend among his fellow Grenadiers when photos of the event were published in the local newspapers and Hobbit was visible making various odd faces in the background during the Baroness’ speech. Furious, the Baroness insisted that he be punished and Destro reluctantly agreed that the Hobbit should be busted down to Corporal.
Colors nodded. “I can’t say I blame him. It always sucks to lose a good NCO, but to lose two at a time really hurts. You get anyone else of note?”
Ghost considered for a moment. “There’s one guy with a pair of robotic arms. Used to be a Detonator, but the new limbs don’t have the dexterity for rigging explosives. The guy’s friggin’ huge and what with the ridiculous strength of the robo-arms, I figure he’d make a great heavy weapons guy. Ought to be able to swing a ’56 around like it was a toy.”
Flaherty looked up from his own roster. “I remember that guy. He’s damn near seven feet tall, right?”
Ghost nodded.
“He was with the Detonator team that flew down to Sierra Muerte a while back.” Flaherty recalled. “They were barely on the ground before the bad guys figured out a way to blow their whole explosive cache. He was pretty fucked up. I wasn’t sure he’d even survive.”
“What about you, Lucky?” Llama prodded. “You get anyone good?
Flaherty’s face reddened at hearing his new nickname, but he recovered quickly. “Yeah, but most of them are new to tanks, so there’s definitely a learning curve. Even so, we’ve been at it for a few days now and I’m seeing significant progress.”
“Good to hear,” Llama said, as he stood. “I’m headed out this afternoon, so it’ll be a while before I grace you all with my presence at lunch. I expect it’ll be a few weeks, at least.”
As Llama turned to depart, Captain Loc and Lieutenant Zex of Major Stone’s TARGAT unit strolled up and took seats.
Loc beamed. “What’s up, bitches?”
Before walking off, Llama added, “And make sure that Loc doesn’t drink up all the fucking scotch in the Castle while I’m gone. I’m going to want a drink when I get back.”
Loc made a face as if to indicate that he was offended Llama would even suggest such a thing.
“Who? Me?”
***
Llama found the rest of his Death Dealers at the armory, drawing weapons under the watchful eyes of Sergeant Shock. The job was reconnaissance, but given the small size of their unit, the Death Dealers always packed heavy.
“We good?” Llama asked his Sergeant.
“Yeah, we’re ahead of schedule. Packs are staged outside. As soon as we have all the weapons, we’ll be ready to hump down to the landing field.”
“Good.” Llama stepped up to the window, drew his MARS-41A assault rifle and followed the rest of his men outside. A few minutes later, the Death Dealers were walking through the Castle’s portcullis on their way to rendezvous with a Razor gunship on the north lawn.
***
When Ghost returned from lunch with his fellow Officers, he found his company staged in the Castle courtyard and ready to move out. At his command, they threw on their packs and headed out toward the north lawn, which was commonly used as a landing field. As they passed through the portcullis and left the Castle walls behind, the Razor carrying the Death Dealers lifted from the earth, angled sharply and then shot away from them.
“I wonder where they’re headed off to?” Kung wondered aloud.
“Somewhere better than where we’re going,” mumbled Corporal Hobbit as he plodded along.
“Now how in the hell do you know that?” Sergeant Humpty asked.
“We’re going to Darklonia,” Hobbit snapped. “Anywhere is better than Darklonia.”
“Darklonia sucks?” Kung asked shifting the mortar bipod he was carrying from his left shoulder to his right.
“Don’t let Darklon hear you say that!” Hobbit laughed. “That dude has no sense of humor at all.”
The walk to the landing field was a short one and the company once again grounded their packs to wait for their transportation. The Razor gunship had a lift capacity of twelve combat loaded troops, which meant that it would take eleven of them to transport all one hundred twenty-seven men in the Highlander Brigade’s Company A. The first four gunships arrived after only a few minutes and settled approximately one hundred meters from where the company waited. The Company First Sergeant bellowed and four groups, or ‘sticks’, each numbering twelve men, began trotting across the field toward the deadly black transports. Once everyone was aboard, the gunships lifted off and four more slipped into the clearing to repeat the process. Before long, the entire company was airborne and the formation turned southeast toward Darklonia.
***
Captain Flaherty’s afternoon would be much less eventful. After leaving the Officer’s Mess, he rejoined his company in the Motor Pool, where they were working on vehicle familiarization for the new crewmen. Being an effective tank crewmember took more than the ability to drive the vehicle or fire its weapon systems. While a highly trained and specialized crew of mechanics looked after the DEMONs while they were in the Motor Pool, it was the crew that had to correct problems in the field, under stress and often while being shot at. Flaherty had been forced to divide up the talent he’d been blessed with as the commander of 1st platoon. King had been elevated to the position of Company First Sergeant. Sergeant Headman was now the 1st Platoon Sergeant, while Sergeant Swami and newly promoted Sergeant Scroll had 2nd and 3rd platoons, respectively. The veteran Ferrets in the company were more than capable of training the newer men and Flaherty left most of this to the senior NCO’s to oversee. He was far more concerned with bringing the new Officers up-to-speed as quickly as possible. As he’d been promised, Lieutenant Lee Fleming was experienced and competent - a perfect fit as Flaherty’s Executive Officer. The other three Lieutenants were all combat veterans with quick wits and a desire to excel, but they were all career infantrymen and knew very little about commanding an armor unit. Flaherty had told them up front that he was aware of their previous service records and had no doubt that they would all excel within the First DEMON Company. He’d also told them that he expected them to train alongside their subordinate men until they were every bit as knowledgeable. For some Officers, it would have been unthinkable to get down and dirty with the enlisted men, but to Flaherty’s great relief, the three had thrown themselves into it and were proving to be every bit as sharp as he’d hoped.
“They’re coming along quickly,” observed Goggles, as he approached.
“Yeah, I guess I wasn’t sure what to expect with so many noobs all at once.”
“How much longer before you let them start driving around?” Goggles asked with a grin.
Flaherty shrugged. “I was thinking maybe tomorrow morning. Let the vets drive out to the old proving grounds and then turn the wheels over to the new guys.”
“They’ve been working hard. They’ll appreciate that you think they’re ready.”
“How much longer are you gonna be around?” Flaherty asked.
“Destro wants the project kicked into high gear and they can’t make too much more progress without some comprehensive field testing, so it looks like I’m leaving at the end of the week.”
Flaherty nodded. “You wanna get a drink tonight?”
“Sure, you can spend some of that Captain’s pay buying me sodas.”
***
That evening found Flaherty and Goggles at the pub with the four new Officers. The group shared war stories while they drank; except for Goggles, who typically didn’t drink. Lieutenant ‘Crosshair’ Schueller and Lieutenant ‘Pike’ Greenoe had previously served together in the Sand Devil Brigade and got along quite well. Lieutenant Bright, nicknamed ‘Ruckus’, had been previously assigned to the Iron Wolf Brigade, where he had filed endless transfer requests due to his intense hatred of the cold weather. Though they had not met at the time, Ruckus had been with Captain DelRio’s D Company when they investigated the incident at MARS Research and Development Station #7. Lieutenant Lee ‘Lethal’ Fleming had briefly served under Captain McLeod before moving on to another unit, so he understood exactly how the company ran. Flaherty felt good about the group, felt as though they had the potential to be an unbeatable team. Of course, he forgot about all that when Penny walked in. Flaherty felt his pulse quicken. Goggles must have seen Flaherty’s face flush, because he immediately turned around to see what he was looking at. He waved her over and handled introductions.
“Penny, these two gentlemen are Pike and Crosshair. The grouchy-looking fellow over there is Lethal and this is troublemaker is Ruckus. Gentlemen, this is the Captain’s lady, Penny.”
“Oooh, ‘the Captain’s lady’,” she giggled. “That sounds so formal.”
Flaherty pulled out a chair for her and she joined the group. Around Midnight, Goggles announced that he was ready to head back to the Castle. Because he’d driven, the others all prepared to depart, as well.
“Sir, I trust you’ll be able to find your own way home?” Goggles grinned.
“I shall, indeed,” Flaherty laughed. “I’ll see you all in the morning.”

Chapter 46
Flaherty rolled out of bed when the alarm sounded and made his way to the shower. He was not surprised when Penny joined him.
“No time for that,” he said as he kissed her forehead.
“What? A girl can’t use her own shower?” she retorted with mock indignation. “I swear, you let a man into your bed and he thinks he owns your whole place.”
“Okay, okay! I’m sorry I said anything,” he apologized, laughing as he stepped out of the shower to dry off.
Flaherty dressed quickly and was ready to go when Penny stepped out of the shower. He watched her as she dried off and wished that he wasn’t on such a tight schedule. But this morning, the First DEMON Company was headed out to the field for a day of maneuvers and it wouldn’t do for the Commanding Officer to be late.
Penny dressed quickly - Flaherty liked the fact that she was quick and efficient about things - and they headed downstairs to the small carport where she kept her small economy car. It occurred to Flaherty that he had no idea what the vehicle’s make was, but it obviously wasn’t a Ford or a Chevy.
“Are you going to be at the bar tonight?” he asked.
“Yeah, I’m working until closing time.”
“I’ll try to make it out, but...”
Penny laughed. Flaherty liked that about her, too.
“I know - no promises,” she said, repeating the line he so often uttered.
The drive to the Castle took about ten minutes and when Penny pulled into the Officer’s parking lot, Flaherty found himself wishing he didn’t have to get out. He resigned himself to the fact that it wasn’t optional, kissed Penny and hopped out. As he walked quickly across the parking lot toward the main Castle gate, he wrestled with the idea that he might be falling in love and pondered the difficulties that might involve, given his chosen profession. Most Grenadiers were single - most, but not all.  Flaherty knew that MARS Industries owned at least four private communities that were occupied exclusively by the families of Destro’s employees. But what sort of life was that? He remembered what ‘base housing’ was like from his time in the U.S. Army, but he somehow doubted that what he remembered would compare with the facilities available to the Grenadiers. He wasn’t even sure who to ask for sound advice on the matter. Yet again, he found himself wishing that McLeod was still alive. He’d have the right answer, despite the fact that Flaherty wasn’t quite sure what the question was yet.
Before he realized it, Flaherty was back at his quarters. He changed from his street clothes into a pair of Ferret coveralls and walked down to the Officer’s Mess for breakfast. There, he met Goggles in the serving line. Flaherty chose bacon, eggs and potatoes, while Goggles grabbed a cup of yogurt and two pieces of toast. They sat down at a table where Lethal, Crosshair, Pike and Ruckus were finishing their own meals.
“Mornin’, Captain,” Lethal said cheerfully. “It looks like we’ll have some decent weather for our little drive today.”
Flaherty nodded as he dug into his breakfast. “It certainly does.”
“Captain.”
Flaherty looked up and was surprised to see Colonel Nero standing beside the table. Captain Starbuck was next to him, as were Lieutenants Wert and Wang. Flaherty stood and extended his hand. “Colonel! It’s good to see you, Sir.”
Nero shook Flaherty’s hand and smiled “I haven’t had a chance to thank you and your men for pulling our asses off of that hill.”
Flaherty waved it off. “It was nothing, Sir. I’m just sorry we didn’t get there sooner.”
Nero stared at him flatly. “Don’t say that it was nothing, Captain. It was a goddamned impressive bit of soldiering. Don’t downplay it.”
“I understand that congratulations are in order,” Starbuck said, leaning in to shake Flaherty’s hand. Wert and Wang followed suit.
“Thanks,” Flaherty said sheepishly. “I appreciate it.”
“We won’t keep you. Captain,” Nero said. “I understand you’ve got a busy day ahead of you, and we have some catching up to do ourselves. Today is the first time all four of us have been cleared for full duty since Sierra Muerte. I’ll see you around.”
“Yes, Sir.” Flaherty returned to his breakfast as Nero and his men departed. A moment later, Flaherty noticed that Crosshair was staring at him. “What?”
“C’mon, Sir! You gonna make us beg for the story?”
Flaherty waved his hand dismissively. “Ah, it was nothing.”
“Modest, as ever,” Goggles chuckled. “A few months back, the Captain’s platoon was deployed to Sierra Muerte along with Colonel Nero’s team and a bunch of infantry. To make a long story short, one of the Annihilators went down in the jungle and the other three went in to rescue him. Things went badly and the four of them were pinned down by an enemy platoon. Three of them were badly wounded. Captain Flaherty had his men dismount their DEMONs and hike overland. They assaulted the enemy from the rear and, as you can see, successfully rescued the Annihilator team.”
“No shit?” Ruckus said.
***
The day’s training went well. Better, in fact, than Flaherty had hoped. Sergeant Swami, who’d been tasked with the instructional duties for the day, seemed to have a knack for teaching and most of the men were operating the large vehicles with a surprising degree of competence. Even First Sergeant King was pleased with the progress. Once they started working on gunnery it would be a different story, but normally only the vehicle commander, and to a lesser degree, the driver would be concerned with those tasks. Most of the new men would be assigned to the rear-facing communications station where they would have plenty of time to master the other systems before it came time to worry about manning one of the more advanced crew stations. The sun was beginning to set when Flaherty finally called an end to the day’s exercises. 
Back in the motor pool, the company crowded around their Captain.
“I’m pleased with the progress you men have made this week,” Flaherty told them. “There is still a long way to go, but we’re making some excellent strides. We’ll get back to it tomorrow morning, but for the moment we have other matters to attend to. Today was Lieutenant Head’s last day with the company.  As of tomorrow morning, he will be assigned to MARS Research and Development, where he will no doubt put on weight while playing with his prototype DEMONs.”
This resulted in an uproar of laughter, which Goggles joined in. He moved to Flaherty’s side and motioned for quiet. “I’d just like to say that it has been a pleasure serving with this unit and I’d like to be able to return someday. That is, once I’m done playing with my prototypes.”
More laughter.
“So, for anyone interested, we’ll be saying farewell to Lieutenant Head this evening at the pub in town,” Flaherty said. “The first round is on me.”
Cheers.
***
Hours later, Flaherty lay staring at the ceiling fan over Penny’s bed. Her head lay against his chest, an arm and a leg draped over him. She seemed utterly content, but Flaherty couldn’t seem to relax enough to sleep.
“What’s the matter?” she murmured.
“Nothing,” he lied.
“Good, then go to sleep.”
“Aren’t you afraid that you might be wasting your time with me?” he blurted.
She picked her head up and looked him in the eyes. “Whatever in the hell are you talking about, Sean?”
“You know, with me being a merc and all. Aren’t you afraid that you’ll suddenly realize that this life isn’t for you? That you’ve wasted your time on a guy that’s going to spend half his time running around the world in a tank?”
She smiled playfully as she rubbed her eyes. “You’ve been thinking about this a lot, haven’t you?”
“It’s not funny,” he snapped.
“I agree,” she said, still smiling. “We’ve been seeing each other for what? Six months now? Let me tell you something, Lucky - I knew you were the one after the first week.”
Flaherty started to speak, but she put a finger to his lips and continued.
“So you go ahead and run around the world with your tanks. I’ll be here waiting for you each and every time you come home. Deal?”
“Deal.” Flaherty felt as though an enormous weight had been lifted. He realized then that he wasn’t in danger of falling in love with her - he’d fallen long ago. He pulled Penny closer and kissed her.
He was asleep in under a minute.

Chapter 47
It had been three days since the Highlander Brigade’s Company A had landed in Darklonia, and they’d been in the field for the entire time. Most of their training needs were at the small unit level, and could have easily been handled by Corporals or Sergeants, but Captain Ghost was a firm believer in training as a unit, so the entire company had hiked out of Castle Darklon and into the rugged wilderness. Protocols and procedures were universal throughout the Iron Grenadiers, just as they were in most militaries around the world. However, there was no substitute for working alongside another infantryman to develop the kind of trust and confidence in each other that was needed to make a cohesive unit. It was during training that you really got to know your fellow troops. Darklon had graciously volunteered a squad of his own men to run around the area ‘harassing’ the Highlanders to keep them on their toes. Ghost had been surprised when Darklon himself had accompanied the squad.
“Your Highlanders are looking sharp, Ghost,” Darklon observed as he stood in the company’s command post, looking out over the defensive positions. “How much longer do you intend to keep them out here?”
“I thought we’d spend the night in the defense and then hike back in at first light, Sir.”
Darklon nodded. “Men of war grow accustomed to living in the bush like this, but not a one will ever turn down a hot shower and clean sheets, if given the choice. I’ll make sure the castellan expects you in the morning.”
“Thank you, Sir,” Ghost said, rising from his seat and walking to the edge of the CP, where Darklon stood. Quietly, he asked, “Has there been anything new on the war?”
“There has, indeed. I’ll be briefing you and your Officers in the morning.”
Just then, an artillery simulator detonated near the perimeter. It was followed immediately by a cacophony of gunfire as the company exchanged fire with Darklon’s aggressor squad. Darklon pulled a data pad from his hip pouch and studied it. He held it up for Ghost to see, as well.
Ghost leaned in and saw that the screen showed each man in Darklon’s squad, represented by an icon and his last name. Four of the icons were already flashing red, indicating that they’d been ‘killed’. As Ghost watched, one, then two and finally three more icons flashed red before the survivors broke contact and fled.
“Not bad,” Darklon said quietly. “How did yours fare?”
Ghost produced his own pad. “One ‘killed’ in the initial blast, none wounded.”
“Not bad at all.” Darklon returned the data pad to his pouch and turned away from the perimeter. “I’ve a few things to attend to, so I believe I’ll leave you to it for the evening, Captain.”
“Very good, Sir. I will look forward to that briefing in the morning.”
Darklon walked outside the CP and climbed into his Evader, an odd looking vehicle that somewhat resembled a heavily armed and armored motorcycle. He took a moment to radio the aggressor squad leader and then drove away toward Castle Darklon.
***
Sergeant Shock was by far the oldest member of the Death Dealers. Despite this, he was also the stealthiest and quite possibly, the deadliest. Clad entirely in camouflage, his face covered in greasepaint, Shock was a ghost. He crept silently through the forest, leaving no sign of his passing. He took his time, exercising more caution than he might normally, because if he was detected, his mission would be a failure, regardless of whether he survived. He paused and closed his eyes, listening and feeling the forest around him. His head turned, and when he reopened his eyes, he was looking directly at a pair of men, approximately seventy-five meters away. They were well-concealed in their machinegun position, but they felt comfortable enough that they were talking quietly and that was what had given them away. On another day, Shock would have made them pay with their lives for their lack of discipline. But today’s objective was reconnaissance and remaining undetected. Shock slid the suppressed M4 rifle to the side and produced a small digital camera. Zooming in, he snapped three good shots of the chatting machine gunners before moving on. 
An hour later, as darkness was falling, Shock returned to his unit’s patrol base. Making his way to the center of the position, Shock saw that Llama was waiting for him.
“What’s the word, Shock?”
“They aren’t moving around much, but they’re out there, just like Laird Destro thought.”
Destro had surmised that when Iron Klaw left Kalistan to attack Castle Destro, he might have left some of his forces behind. Once they’d learned Iron Klaw’s plan, the Grenadiers had paid no mind to the little country in their haste to get back to Scotland. Now it appeared as though SKAR had never left.
Shock pulled out a topographical map of the area and began running Llama through the disposition of troops he’d been able to document. “Machineguns here, here and here,” he said. “The road is watched by an OP (observation post) here.”
“No buildings?” Llama asked.
“None that I saw,” Shock shrugged. “Maybe a satellite scan would be useful.”
“I doubt it. But I’ll arrange it anyway. We might get lucky.” Llama clapped his Sergeant on the shoulder. “Nice work out there, Shock. Now go and get some sleep.”
Shock grinned. “Roger that, Sir.”
***
Seventeen miles to the east, Foolproof sat hunched over a laptop computer, flipping through various screens. Each view represented a different micro camera secretly placed around the city by the commando team of Leored and Huerta.
“These camera angles are for shit,” Foolproof muttered for the fifth time in an hour.
“Next time you can fuckin’ well place them yourself, super-spy.”
Foolproof spun toward the low cot where Huerta was napping. “Hey, smart-ass - I don’t recall -“
“Let it go, Proof,” Misfit interrupted. “There’s nothing wrong with the camera angles. There just hasn’t been anything to see.”
Foolproof grunted and went back to the laptop.
Misfit gave Huerta a look that communicated that implored, ‘please stop provoking him’. Huerta smiled and closed his eyes. Misfit went back to his own laptop and resumed scrolling through camera views. He touched his ear bud. “You see anything out there, Leo?”
From his position at the city’s central marketplace, Leored answered, “Nothing yet. Lots of people coming and going, carrying out their business, but the place has the same weird feel as the last time we were here - like there’s something hidden under the surface.”
“Copy that. At least this time we know what the underlying secret is. Llama’s guys have confirmed a SKAR presence in the wilderness between the city and the Darklonian border.”
***
On the other side of the city, near Kalistan’s small port, Gunnery Sergeant Wendell Metzger, codenamed Leatherneck, sat motionless in a room on the top floor of an abandoned grain mill. The room amounted to little more than a tiny attic meant for storage. A small tripod with a telescopic spotter’s scope sat on the floor in front of him. From his vantage point, Leatherneck could see the entire waterfront area. He was tasked with monitoring all vessels coming or going, though there had been precious little of either. Now that night was falling, the task would be even more difficult. Leatherneck’s ear bud crackled and a familiar voice announced, “Coming up.”
It had been hours since he’d last spoken. Leatherneck quietly cleared his throat and responded, “Acknowledged.”
The trapdoor to his right opened and Staff Sergeant Cooper MacBride, codenamed Low-Light, pulled himself up into the attic. Closing it, he made his way over to Leatherneck’s side. “Anything?”
“Nope. Not a thing. You ready?”
Low-Light grinned. “Yeah, you’re relieved, man. Get some rack.”
Leatherneck made his way toward the trapdoor as Low-Light stowed the spotting scope and pulled a state-of-the-art night vision scope from his thigh pouch. He gently snapped the scope onto the tripod and settled himself onto the folding camp stool Leatherneck had just vacated.
Far below the spotter’s position, the mill housed an operation similar to that of the Iron Grenadiers. Like the Grenadier team, these operatives were also dressed in clothing consistent with that worn by the local populace. However, this group was composed entirely of Americans. As Leatherneck reached the shipping office that had been commandeered for their command post, he checked in with the team leader, Chief Warrant Officer Dashiell Fairborn, codenamed Flint.
“Anything to report?” Flint asked.
“Nah. Same as it’s been.”
Flint scratched his jaw line where his beard was beginning to grow in. “Message traffic a little while ago says that the IG’s have confirmed the presence of SKAR troops between the city and the Darklonian border. So now we know for sure that they’re out there - we just need to figure out what they’re up to and how they’re handling their logistics without being noticed.”
Flint offered a cup of coffee, but Leatherneck held up a hand. “Thanks, Sir, but I gotta sleep. The caffeine won’t help with that. Who’s on perimeter?”
“Tunnel Rat and Spirit just took over. Outback and Lady Jaye are racking out. If you wanna catch some Z’s, you better get back there and hit it before Outback starts snoring.”

Chapter 48
“The problem with the location they’ve chosen is that we won’t be able to get in and have a good look around without being detected,” Destro was saying. “I want to know more about what they’re doing before we commit to an operation, but we can’t risk tipping them off by having our reconnaissance discovered.”
“So we wait and watch,” Hawk replied over the secure telephone. He was sitting at his desk in the most recent incarnation of ‘The Pit’. “We’ve got other leads to follow in the meantime.”
“Yes, you’d mentioned that you had something new.”
“We intercepted part of a conversation. We believe that it was between two high ranking SKAR Officers,” Hawk explained. “One of them sounded like he was getting cold feet and the other was chewing him out for it. Mainframe is uploading the audio now.”
“I’ll get back to you after I’ve had a chance to listen to it,” Destro said before killing the connection. Destro turned to the Sergeant Major, who was fiddling with his data pad. “Do you have it?”
“It’s being decrypted now, my Laird. I’ll have it on your pad in sixty seconds.”
Destro stood and crossed to the window. It had been raining all morning and the sky was as dark as his mood. Regardless of the weather, his Grenadiers were out patrolling the grounds, monitoring against the next surprise attack.  Still others were scattered across the globe, training to keep that razor’s edge. The thought lifted his spirits a bit, despite the day’s gloom.
“It’s up, my Laird.”
Destro strode quickly to his desk and sat. Picking up the data pad, he queued up the audio file. As it began to play, he set the pad down on his desk and listened intently. There was a fair amount of background noise, but the two voices were clear and distinct.
Voice #1: “I’ve been trying to reach you all day.”
Voice #2: “Things are moving quickly now. What do you need?”
Voice #1: “I need to verify these orders.”
Voice #2: “What did you not understand, the orders were quite clear.”
Voice #1: “Yes, they were clear. But Iron Klaw cannot expect -”
Voice #2: “Your commander expects you to follow the orders you were issued without question or hesitation.”
Voice #1: “It’s suicide! Destro will never allow any harm to come to her. And should we succeed, he’d hunt every one of us to the very ends of the earth!”
Voice #2: “If you had not blundered the first abduction attempt, you’d not be in this predicament, would you?”
Voice #1: “But -”
Voice #2: “Do you remember the last meeting he held in the palace in Kalistan?”
Voice #1: “I can’t imagine I’ll ever forget it. What he did to that woman was...”
Voice #2: “Yes, memorable. Do you suspect that he will be any less passionate in dealing with you should you fail to accomplish your mission?”
Voice #1: “I... understand.”
Voice #2: “Good. Now, was there anything else?”
Voice #1: “No, Sir. Nothing else.”
Voice #2: “Excellent. I look forward to hearing about the successful accomplishment of your mission.”
When the recording ended, Destro steepled his fingers and closed his eyes. “Sergeant Major, what is the status of Colonel Nero’s unit?”
“All four are back on full duty and the unit is operational, my Laird.”
“Assign them to the Baroness. Immediately. I want them on her twenty-four hours a day. I don’t want her breaking anyone’s nose this time, so make her aware that this is my wish and it is not negotiable.”
“Understood, my Laird.”
The Sergeant Major hurried from the room as Destro picked up the secure line to call Hawk back.
***
“We’re up, gents.” Sergeant ShowTime burst into the squad room and made his way to his locker. Vulcan, Uman and Werecat immediately followed suit, pulling their deployment bags from their lockers. The other fire team in the room hadn’t moved, so ShowTime added, “All of us.”
That got the rest of them moving. Each Undertow squad consisted of two four-man fire teams, each led by a Sergeant. The squad was led by a Lieutenant.
The second team leader, a Sergeant nicknamed Blister, made his way over to ShowTime’s locker. “Where are we headed?”
“No word yet. It must be hot, though. Our gunship will be on deck in ten minutes.”
The eight combat divers shouldered their bags and jogged single file from their squad room to the armory. Unlike most Grenadier units, the Undertows normally did not use MARS weaponry. Instead, they tended to use weapons that were common to mercenaries, terrorists and insurgents. Arriving at the armory, ShowTime and Blister quickly met with their squad leader, Lieutenant Graves. He looked up from the document he was reading and said, “Kalingaland. Grab box number four.”
The Undertow squads kept a number of locked cargo boxes stored within the armory. Each contained weapons, ammunition and other items that would aid the team in blending in with their surroundings. In the Southeast Asian country of Equatorial Kalingaland, Soviet-made weapons were most common. ShowTime signed for the cargo box as Werecat and Uman carried it out of the armory. They dropped the box outside and opened the lid. Each man was issued weapons appropriate to his usual function within his fire team. The rest of the items were left in the box, to be issued later, and the box was carried away with the squad.
By the time the squad reached the landing field on the north lawn, their gunship was already standing by. Lieutenant Graves spoke with the pilot and waved his men on board.
***
“I remember seeing the report of a firefight at the docks in Kalingaville, but we weren’t aware that your people had anything to do with it.”
“It was a planned meeting between a MARS representative and what we thought was a local buyer,” Destro explained. “A pre-production sample was to be delivered in exchange for a cash payment. At the time, we were under the impression that the betrayal was aimed at obtaining the sample without paying for it. It is now clear to me that the goal was to abduct the representative.”
“And the rep was the Baroness,” Hawk said, not really asking.
“It was supposed to be,” Destro confirmed, “But I sent a double in her place. The firefight was unfortunate, but even the Undertow team I dispatched to cover the meet didn’t realize that it wasn’t her, so I can hardly blame them for going to the lengths they did.”
Hawk chuckled. “I suppose I wouldn’t want to be the Iron Grenadier that allowed the Baroness to be taken.”
“No, you wouldn’t.”
“Can I assume that you have people enroute to Kalingaville?”
“Indeed,” Destro confirmed. “I’ve deployed a full squad of Undertows, including the same team that extracted my representative from the ambush. They have instructions to conduct a thorough reconnaissance of the waterfront, but to avoid contact if at all possible.”
“Okay. I’m deploying my own people to check out the other matter we discussed. I’ll forward their findings as soon as I have them.”
***
The moon was hidden behind a veil of clouds as Vulcan led the formation of nine combat swimmers through Kalingaville’s murky harbor. Though he was far from the senior man in the squad, he was easily the best underwater navigator - and that was saying quite a bit. Reaching the docks, he wound his way through the support columns until he found what he was looking for. He grabbed the steel bars covering the opening and pulled. As expected, the grate pulled free. Vulcan let the grate drop to the harbor floor and then signaled his team leader forward. ShowTime moved up and looked inside. Kalingaville’s storm water drainage system was much more modern than one might expect of a Third World country. They’d need to crouch, but they would be able to move through the pipes easily enough. ShowTime turned and signaled for Uman to come forward. After a quick look, Uman slung his AK-47 and pulled himself up into the pipe. Once he was up, he drew a .22 caliber pistol and screwed a suppressor onto the end of the barrel. Slipping on his night vision goggles, Uman began to move forward.
***
Several thousand miles away, in the small Himalayan country of Chomo Lungma, five men and one woman made their way through the snow-covered mountains, gliding along silently on their skis. As they approached the crest of a small hill, Staff Sergeant Harlan Moore, codenamed Snow Job, stopped abruptly and signaled for the rest of his party to do the same. 
“Frostbite and Sleet on rear security. Iceberg and Blizzard, cover the flanks. Snowbank, you’re with me.”
As the other team members swiftly took up their assigned positions, Snow Job and Snowbank crawled forward on their bellies to a point where they could just see over the crest. Snow Job took a good look and then handed the binoculars to his partner.
“What’s that look like to you?”
Snowbank studied the valley below for a moment. “That’s definitely a structure of some type. Hidden under the snow like it is, it’s hard to tell exactly how big it might be.”
Snow Job grinned. “What do you say we find out?”

Chapter 49
Captain Flaherty was pleased. Training had been going exceptionally well for his new Ferrets. The company was making significant leaps every day and he’d become confident in the abilities of his subordinate Officers. It wouldn’t be long before the company would be declared ‘combat ready’. Even things with Penny were better than ever. As he dug into his breakfast, Flaherty couldn’t think of a single thing that wasn’t going perfectly for him at the moment.
“Captain Flaherty.”
Flaherty looked up to see Sergeant Major Duncan standing beside the table where he sat with the other Officers from the First DEMON Company. “Good morning, Sergeant Major. What can I do for you?”
The Sergeant Major extended a manila envelope toward Flaherty. “Orders, Sir.”
Flaherty set down his fork and took the envelope. “Thank you.” 
The Sergeant Major nodded and turned to leave as quickly as he’d arrived. As he opened the top flap of the envelope, Flaherty wondered whether the man ever slept. He pulled the packet from the envelope and scanned the first few lines, before looking at his watch. “Oh, shit.”
Lethal set down his coffee mug. “What”
“Lee, you need to get a hold of First Sergeant King and let him know that we’re deploying immediately. We’re to meet our transport on the north lawn in a little over two hours.”
Lethal hurried out of the room and across the hall into the Enlisted Mess. He quickly located King, sitting with Sergeants Headman, Swami and Scroll.
“First Sergeant, the Captain asked me to let you know we’ve got deployment orders. We fly out in about two hours.”
“Thank you, Sir.” King immediately turned to the three platoon sergeants. “You heard the man. Let’s get ‘em moving.”
The three jumped up from their seats and started for the door.
When Lethal returned to the Officer’s Mess, the three platoon commanders were on their way out. Pike looked back over his shoulder, “We’ll see you downstairs, XO.”
Whereas the enlisted men needed to draw weapons and ammo before heading down to prep vehicles and communication gear in the motor pool, the Officers needed only to grab their personal weapons and gear. Lethal sat down across from Flaherty and refilled his coffee cup. “Where to, Sir?”
Flaherty handed over the packet. “Darklonia. It seems that SKAR is still operating right across the border in Kalistan. We’ve got units in the area, but no armor currently. The planning is underway for an incursion and Laird Destro wants us over there ASAP.”
Lethal took a slug of his coffee. “Kick ass.”
***
Snowbank cautiously skirted around the valley, careful to stay hidden amongst the snow-covered trees. He was the best tracker in the group, so Snow Job had assigned him to lead the group into the valley to get a closer look at what they believed was a SKAR facility concealed under the snow. Snowbank halted the group and Snow Job indicated that they would set up in a hasty defense. The Joes quietly dropped their packs and established a perimeter. Iceberg took the site best suited for direct fire on what appeared to be the facility’s entrance. He unfolded the bipod legs of his M249 Squad Automatic Weapon and settled himself into position. Blizzard and Frostbite occupied firing positions behind and to either side of Iceberg, each facing outboard. Sleet took the final position to the direct rear of Iceberg, covering the path they’d made in the snow while infiltrating the valley. Snow Job took a knee in the center of the small perimeter and beckoned for Snowbank to join him.
“Okay, we’ll give it fifteen minutes to make sure that we weren’t detected on the way in. Then, we’re going to punch you out to take a peek.”
Snowbank nodded and moved up beside Iceberg, where he’d be able to see the facility better. Snow Job pulled out the SatPhone and reported his team’s position and status. Then they waited.
***
After taking the time to finish his breakfast, Flaherty grabbed his combat gear and walked down to the armory. He drew his submachinegun and checked the action. Ferrets typically carried the same MARS-45 submachinegun favored by Annihilators. The MARS-45 was a blowback operated, magazine-fed submachine gun fired from a closed bolt. It had a forward grip and a multi-function scope attached to a universal mounting rail that ran the length of the receiver. Satisfied with his inspection of the weapon, Flaherty inserted a magazine and chambered a round. He slung the SMG and then repeated the process with his sidearm before holstering it. Turning from the armory issue window, he found Pike, Ruckus and Crosshair waiting for him.
“Darklonia, Sir?” Ruckus asked.
Flaherty nodded. “One of my favorite vacation spots. Make sure to ask your platoon sergeant how he adores Darklonia.”
Ruckus frowned. “Something tells me that tale will include a lot of swearing.”
“Yeah, he hates it there.”
The four walked down the hallway that led to the east stairs. Three levels below was the motor pool, where the rest of the company was loading equipment and ordnance onto the DEMONs.
“What’s the mission, Sir?” Crosshair asked
“For now, it’s just strategic repositioning of assets,” Flaherty explained. “That basically means that we’re flying over there in case some shit goes down. I’ll have a full briefing for you and your platoon sergeants once we’re airborne.”
“Is shit expected to go down?” Pike asked.
Flaherty considered what he knew. Captain Llama and his Death Dealers were already operating in Kalistan. Captain Ghost’s company of Highlanders and a full brigade of Iron Grenadier conventional forces were just across the border in Darklonia, standing by to back them up, if need be. And now, they were deploying a full company of armor to the region. “Yes, I do believe that shit will most likely go down.”
***
Snow Job judged that they’d waited long enough and pulled everyone in closer, so that they could hear his instructions. “Okay, let’s get this done. Iceberg, you’re coming with me. Sleet, you take over the SAW. Frosty, Blizzard, Snowbank; you guys tighten the perimeter up.”
Sleet handed off her M4 battle rifle to Iceberg and crawled over to assume his position behind the SAW. Snow Job gave his rifle, a sound suppressed M24 Sniper Weapon System, over to Frostbite in exchange for another M4. Both of the M4’s were sound suppressed and would be far more practical for close-in investigation of the facility. The others moved off to adjust the perimeter, as instructed. Snow Job and Iceberg knelt in the center of the perimeter, preparing to move out.
“You saw the sentry?” Snow Job asked as he pocketed the spare magazines Frostbite had given him. 
“He’s doing a fairly good job of being inconspicuous,” Iceberg replied. “But yeah, I saw him.”
“There’s no way we’ll be able to tell what’s in that facility without actually sticking our heads in and going in blind doesn’t really appeal to me. So let’s grab this guy and have a chat. If it sounds like something the six of us can handle, then we’ll hit the place. If not, we’ll pull back and call for some help.”
Iceberg considered for a moment. “Sounds like a plan, Boss.”
When they were ready, Snow Job led the way, leaving the tiny defense through the rear and circling well out of the way before turning back toward the snow-covered structure.
***
Flaherty threw his small pack up into the cab of his command DEMON, where it was caught by his driver, Corporal Hunger, who stowed it in the equipment rack. He turned to see First Sergeant King walking toward him.
“Morning, Sir!”
“How are we looking, First Sergeant?”
“We’re looking good, Sir,” King replied. “We should have no trouble making it down to the landing field with maybe thirty minutes to spare.”
“Good,” Flaherty acknowledged. “How long until we’re ready to roll out?”
“Less than ten, Sir.”
“Outstanding. I’ll leave it in your hands.”
King was better than his word and had the company mounted up and ready to roll in just over five minutes. The fifteen DEMONs rumbled up the graded access drive from the underground motor pool and passed through the portcullis, leaving the walls of Castle Destro behind. As they did, Flaherty couldn’t help but reminisce on how many times he’d made the same short trip from the motor pool to the north lawn, which served as the unofficial landing zone for most units flying out to put themselves in harm’s way. As mercenaries, the Iron Grenadiers accepted the great risks that came with their tremendous pay. But for the first time in a long time, Flaherty had someone that would actually miss him if he didn’t return. Penny wasn’t his spouse, so there would be no official notification from MARS if he were killed. Likely, one of his friends would drive out to the pub and tell her. The idea of not seeing her again chilled him to the bone and Flaherty realized that for the first time since Iraq, the idea of being killed in action scared him.
***
The sentry was positioned behind a small rise in front of the entrance. He was well-concealed against observation from the front of the position, but his back was unguarded. Snow Job slowed his movement as he approached the sentry. His hands were empty; trusting Iceberg to drop the man if it became necessary. He closed within three feet and was reaching for the sentry when the flash-bang detonated. The device was behind him, so the flash had no effect but the concussion caused immediate disorientation, forcing him to his knees. He heard two muffled shots behind him; figured it was probably Iceberg firing. Snow Job could hear Frostbite’s voice calling to him in his ear bud, but he was unable to reply. His arms were pulled roughly behind his back and his mind flashed back to a time, years earlier, when he’d been taken prisoner along with Stalker and Quick Kick. The memory caused an immediate reaction and he struggled, but was quickly overwhelmed. He heard the zipping sound and then felt the pull of the flex-cuffs behind tightened around his wrists. His captors quickly relieved him of the M4, his sidearm and his combat knife before rolling him over onto his back. As he was rolled, he caught a glimpse of Iceberg lying motionless in the snow. Snow Job’s heart skipped a beat as he squinted to look up at his captors. He’d seen images of the skull-like mask worn by SKAR troops before, but when framed in all-white arctic gear, it was even more startling. One of them stepped forward and crouched over him. Snow Job could almost feel the smug grin behind the man’s mask as he reached down and took hold of the small cord, ripping out the ear bud and silencing Frostbite’s calls. 
“How many more men are in your unit?” the man asked, his voice thick with an eastern European accent.
Snow Job didn’t reply.
The man turned to one of the others. “Kill the other four.”
Snow Job struggled weakly against his restraints as the second man spoke into a small radio. A moment later, there was a tremendous volume of automatic weapons fire, followed by two nearly simultaneous detonations; the launch and then the impact of an anti-personnel rocket. The firing ceased almost immediately.
The man hovering over him spoke again. “Now there are no more men in your unit. Would you like to talk to me now, or shall I send you to join them?”
To emphasize his point, the man drew a wicked-looking trench knife and placed the tip under Snow Job’s jaw. The blade was razor sharp and Snow Job never felt the blade crease his skin, only the thin trickle of blood running down his neck.
“Eat shit,” Snow Job grunted.
“Have it your way.”
Snow Job felt the hand move and then he felt the hot, wet blood wash over him.

Chapter 50
Werecat hated surveillance. He didn’t just dislike it; he hated it with an intense, burning passion. He obviously knew the necessity of it, but the long hours of nothingness wore at him. His position in the corner room on the top floor of a run-down hotel was perfect - except that there was nothing to observe. He’d been watching the offices of a small shipping company for almost three hours. His team had been doing this around the clock for three days now, with each man taking two shifts each day. Sergeant Blister’s team was situated three blocks away, on the opposite side of the target, performing the same tedious task. Werecat glanced at his watch and saw that it was nearly time for ShowTime to relieve him. Less than a minute later he heard him coming down the hallway. As ShowTime slipped into the room, Werecat nodded to him and then turned his attention back to the target building. The Sergeant crossed the room and took a seat on the folding chair next to Werecat’s.
“Any movement?”
The Aussie shook his head. “I haven’t seen shit.”
“Team 2 is getting ready to take a closer look.”
Werecat looked over at his team leader. “How much closer?”
“Graves and Blister are gonna be dressed as locals. They plan to take a nice stroll past the place and see what they can see. The rest of team 2 is already in place to cover them. We’re supposed to sit tight and see if their little walk stirs anything up.”
Werecat looked dismayed. “Aw hell, I had my mind all set on a nap.”
“You can have your nap afterward,” ShowTime said, chuckling lightly. “Now get your ass up on that spotting scope.”
***
The chatter of automatic weapons fire rang through the small valley as Snow Job struggled against the weight of the dead man on top of him. He wasn’t quite sure what had happened, but he wasn’t dead. He doubted very much that being dead was so uncomfortable. The firing had mostly stopped and Snow Job could hear the crunch of cleated boots moving over the frozen ground. He rolled hard to his left, kicking out with his right leg and managed to get free of the dead man’s weight. He felt a hand on his shoulder and wrenched away from the touch.
“Easy, bro! We’re not the bad guys,” an unfamiliar voice reassured him. 
Snow Job didn’t feel very reassured. He fought his way to his knees and turned toward the voice. He found himself staring at an Iron Grenadier Shock Trooper, dressed entirely in white and grays - one of Destro’s elite arctic troops, the Iron Wolf Brigade. Snow Job tried to stand, but his legs failed him and he toppled to the ground again. The Shock Trooper stepped forward and placed a gloved hand on Snow Job’s shoulder.
“Seriously, man - you gotta take it easy. You’re gonna hurt yourself,” he said, as he pulled off his helmet. The man was Hispanic, bald with tattoos visible on his neck.
“M-m-my team,” Snow Job stammered.
“My people are checking. Let me cut those cuffs off.” The Grenadier moved around to Snow Job’s side and carefully sliced through the heavy plastic of the flex cuffs. Snow Job’s fingers began to tingle as the blood rushed back into them. Sitting on the hard-packed ice, he rubbed his hands together. 
“Captain!” a voice called from behind the Grenadier. He turned toward the voice and Snow Job could see two more Grenadiers crouched over Iceberg. “This one’s got a pair of gunshot wounds to the torso. Doesn’t appear that either round hit anything vital, but we’re gonna need to get him out of here, ASAP.”
The Hispanic Grenadier nodded. “Okay, Beutel - prep him for transport and tell Glumby to call for a medevac.”
The other man nodded and went right to work. The Captain touched his ear bud and listened intently for a few seconds. “Copy that, Glumby’s calling for a medevac now. Get the casualties together and we’ll fly them all out. Bring the other two up to my location.”
Facing Snow Job, he introduced himself. “I’m Captain DelRio. You can call me Colors.”
“Snow Job. How are the rest of my people?”
Colors shrugged, and looked apologetic. “The woman didn’t make it. She absorbed most of the rocket blast. One of the men caught enough shrapnel that he’s got to be flown out. The other two are fine, aside from a little peppering of shrapnel. They’re on their way up here.”
“Sleet.” Snow Job felt sick to his stomach. It was always hard losing a subordinate. The feelings of guilt and responsibility tended to conflict with the need to Charlie Mike - continue the mission. Snow Job struggled to compose his thoughts. The mission had to come first.
“You have a plan, Captain?”
Colors nodded slowly. “Yep. We grabbed up a three-man security patrol a few klicks out and squeezed them. According to them, there are only two dozen guys assigned to this facility. Well, twenty-one now.”
“They give you anything regarding the facility’s function?” Snow Job was wondering aloud as much as he was asking. “Why the hell did they put it way out here?”
“Apparently, it’s an outpost. The asshole in charge is rather secretive about its function, though. The guys we grabbed didn’t know what its purpose was.”
Snow Job frowned. “Are you sure?”
Colors grinned broadly. “Yeah, I’m sure. If they had known, they would have told us. Anyway, it jives with what we’ve been seeing from them in other places. They choose locations where it’s next to impossible for anyone to get in close and have a look at what they’re up to without being caught in the act. Your people as well as ours are currently camped on a couple different sites like this trying to figure out how to have a look without tipping our hand.”
Snow Job considered for a moment before it came to him. “But now they know we’re on to this location, so you’re planning to breach it, aren’t you?”
Colors flashed another smile. “You bet your ass, we are.”
***
By the time the Draconus Mark IV Heavy Transport landed in Darklonia, Captain Flaherty had forgotten his uneasiness. The unit offloaded rapidly and while the Platoon Sergeants staged the company under the watchful eye of First Sergeant King, Flaherty and his Officers walked up to the forward CP that had been erected near the airfield. Inside, they found Ghost chatting with Darklon and several other men that Flaherty didn’t know. Seeing him, Ghost offered his hand.
“Hey Lucky, welcome to Darklonia. Again.”
Flaherty grinned as he shook Ghost’s hand. “Thanks.”
Ghost continued, “I believe you already know Darklon, but I don’t think you’ve met my boss, Aries, the commander of the Highlander Brigade.”
“I’ve heard quite a bit about you, Captain,” Aries said as he stepped forward and shook Flaherty’s hand. “I’m fairly certain we’ll need your armor, so I’m very glad to have you with us.”
“Thank you, Sir.”
Aries turned to Darklon. “Shall we get this briefing underway?”
***
Blizzard and Frostbite were as relieved to see Snow Job, as he was to see them.
“You heard about Sleet?” Frostbite asked, dropping his ruck.
“Yeah, the Captain here told me. We’ll have to put that aside for later. Right now, we’ve got a job to finish.” Snow Job briefed them on what Colors had told him of the facility.
“So we’ll be going in with them?” Blizzard asked.
“That has actually not been discussed yet,” Colors said as he walked up. “But I’d be happy to have you along.”
“Thank you, Sir,” Snow Job said. “And thank you for saving my life earlier.”
Colors held up a hand. “Oh, that wasn’t me. That was the lady.”
“The lady?”
“He’s referring to me,” said a new voice from behind Colors. The voice belonged to a young woman who was dressed much like the Iron Wolves, but wore no helmet. A knit cap covered her red hair and she had a sniper rifle slung across her back. “I’m Moira, and you’re welcome, Sergeant.”
***
“Here they come.” Werecat adjusted his seat and pulled the spotting scope closer.
To his left, ShowTime acknowledged, hunched behind a sniper rifle. “Got ‘em. Looks like they’re just a couple of assholes talking.”
Werecat smiled. Lieutenant Graves was playing the slightly obnoxious drunk, while his ‘friend’, Sergeant Blister tried to get him safely home. It was not unlike watching an old comedy. Werecat swung the scope a few degrees to the left and refocused on the shipping offices.
“Whoa! Movement,” he blurted.
“Yes?” ShowTime hadn’t moved.
Werecat said nothing.
“Cat! What the fuck is going on?”
“I’m not sure. One second there’s nothing, the next there’s a bunch of yahoos running out of the building, looking upset.”
“Okay, stay with ‘em and keep me informed.” ShowTime shifted slightly to keep the two Undertows within his rifle scope. He tapped his ear bud once and Werecat could hear him talking to Lieutenant Graves. “Sir, we’ve got a bunch of movement at the target building.”
If Graves responded, Werecat couldn’t hear it over the sudden sound of AK-47 fire from the street below.
“Graves is down, Blister is down! Team 2, move in!” ShowTime directed over the comm.
“Cat, cover our backs. I’m about to reveal out position.” ShowTime fired once, then twice as Werecat scrambled to the door. And then he was firing repeatedly. Werecat knew his Sergeant well enough to know that he did not miss. Each round represented a dead bad guy. All the while, ShowTime kept talking over the comm, directing the fight. “Vulcan, Uman, move in from the east to support Team 2. Team 2, what’s your status?”
The only reply was a tremendous explosion from the target building. The flash caused ShowTime to blink and pull away from his scope. When he looked back, he saw that the blast had thrown the bodies of Graves and Blister some fifty feet from where they’d fallen. There was little doubt that both were dead. Through the scope, ShowTime saw Uman and Vulcan creep into the street. Vulcan paused to check both Graves and Blister. He looked up to the window where he knew ShowTime was watching and shook his head. 
“Team 2, sound off,” ShowTime called over the comm. There was no reply.
Finally Vulcan answered. “Show, I have Cake down here with me. He’s got some light shrapnel and his comm is down, but he’ll be fine. The others are all dead.”
“Fuck!” ShowTime muttered aloud. Then to Werecat, he said, “Grab your shit, Cat. We’re getting out of here. The neighborhood just went to hell.”
***
After the briefing, Darklon had dismissed the junior Officers to begin preparing for the possibility of an assault into Kalistan. He had then called for his stewards to serve coffee to the unit commanders. Darklon’s love of good coffee was something approaching legend within the ranks of the Iron Grenadiers. Halfway through his second cup, a communications Officer appeared at Darklon’s side and handed him a transcript. He read for a moment and then stood.
“Gentlemen, we have situations developing. In Chomo Lungma, SKAR forces attacked a G.I. Joe unit outside a secret facility. They were subsequently engaged and defeated by the Iron Wolf Brigade. The Joes have joined our troops and are preparing to assault the facility. In Kalingaland, an Undertow squad conducting reconnaissance of a probable SKAR operation is under attack. At least four of the nine Undertows have been killed. The survivors are regrouping and will be extracted soon. And finally, The G.I. Joe surveillance team in Kalistan reports that the waterfront area that has seen so little activity recently is now awash with SKAR personnel. Gentlemen - it seems as if we’ve succeeded in kicking the hornet’s nest.”

Chapter 51
ShowTime struggled to hoist Uman back onto his shoulders after applying another pressure dressing to the man’s left leg. If they didn’t hurry, he wasn’t going to make it. The steady rate of automatic weapons fire half a block to his south told him that Vulcan and Werecat were doing their best to hold back their pursuers. ShowTime didn’t know what had prompted the SKAR troops to suddenly open fire, but there certainly wasn’t time to ponder it now as he hurried down the alley toward the rally point. Reaching the end of the alley, he paused to scan the area. As he was doing so, a sleek black Hummer H3 pulled up, one of the ‘Steel Crusher’ variants used by the covert ops division. The passenger door opened and ShowTime immediately recognized the driver, dressed in black leather from head to toe, one of the Baroness’ Iron Maiden operatives, Lace.
“Get in!” she shouted, beckoning anxiously.
ShowTime opened the right rear door and stuffed Uman into the back seat. He slammed the door and checked the magazine in his Russian Dragunov sniper rifle. He paused at the passenger window. “Pull forward and watch the street. I’m gonna cover them until they get here. Be ready to go.”
Lace nodded and the vehicle shot forward. ShowTime took up a covered position on the left-hand side of the alley and waited. It was only a few seconds before Werecat rounded the corner and began running down the alley. Vulcan turned the corner immediately behind him and the two ran hard. Twelve seconds later, the first SKAR trooper cautiously poked his head around the corner and raised his rifle. ShowTime put a 7.62mm round just below the man’s left eye. As the first one dropped, two more SKAR men turned the corner. The first one took a round to the chest and crumpled. The second finally registered the incoming rounds and tried to scurry back to safety. ShowTime’s round caught him high underneath the right arm. The man’s forward momentum carried him behind cover, but Show knew the shot was almost certainly fatal. Werecat neared ShowTime’s position and slowed just a bit.
“Keep going!” ShowTime yelled. “Get in the fuckin’ truck!”
The Dragunov barked again as Werecat hurried to comply. Vulcan ran past without slowing.
“Let’s go, Boss!”
ShowTime fired twice more, scoring two more hits, and then turned to follow his men.
***
“Your casualties are being flown to the nearest MARS medical facility,” Destro said. “The wounded will receive whatever immediate treatment is needed and then be flown to the location of your choosing.”
On the small monitor, Hawk nodded. “Thank you. I’m grateful.”
“Well, if nothing else, it would seem as though all of their installations are well-connected,” the Baroness said as she walked over and sat on the edge of Destro’s desk. “The Joes inadvertently tripped the SKAR security in Chomo Lungma and were immediately attacked. Within minutes of that, our Undertows were taking fire in Kalingaland. The Joe surveillance team in Kalistan says that the waterfront area is now bustling with activity. Captain Llama reports similar activity in the wilderness area along the Darklonian border. They know we’re on to them and they spread the word quickly.”
Hawk scowled. “I’m somewhat limited in my options,” he said. “I can begin deploying teams to the areas where we’ve seen actual fighting, but since we’re not supposed to be working together I have to rely on my own Intelligence to justify sending assets to places that we merely suspect right now.”
Destro nodded. “On top of which, we’re not sure yet which areas are of strategic value and which are simply storage sites or outposts. Once we commit to a significant response, it needs to bear fruit.”
“I know the status of my own people, but do you currently have anyone that needs support or extraction?” Hawk asked.
The Baroness smiled. “Negative, the Chomo Lungma situation is well in-hand and the Undertow team has been extracted... in a manner of speaking.”
Hawk raised an eyebrow at that, but let the comment go without question.
The Baroness continued, “Captain Llama is requesting permission to move against the Kalistan site.”
“Do you have sufficient assets in place to support that?” Hawk asked.
“Yes,” Destro confirmed. “Besides Llama’s squad, we have a company of Highlanders, a company of armor and a full brigade of infantry. That isn’t counting the entire garrison at Castle Darklon, which could be called upon if needed.”
Hawk whistled. “Yeah, that should be sufficient. My people won’t be able to take an active combat role unless they’re attacked, but I will continue to funnel their information to you.”
“It’s appreciated,” Destro said, understanding the other man’s reluctance to act without concrete evidence. He knew full well that if the arrangement he and Hawk had put together was ever uncovered by Hawk’s enemies, it could be used to end his military career. “I will let you know when we plan to begin moving into Kalistan.”
***
Snow Job was impressed with the efficiency, not to mention the practicality, of the Iron Wolves. Rather than put additional men at risk with a direct assault, Moira had instructed Captain Colors to have his men bring up the ‘party favors’. The Joes quickly learned that she was referring to several canisters of an experimental sleeping gas. They attached a large flexible hose to what looked like a portable generator and then fed the hose into the facility’s entrance door.  Rolls of duct tape were used to seal off the rest of the door and the ‘generator’ was turned on, pumping the gas into the facility.
“How long will this take,” Blizzard asked.
Moira glanced at her wristwatch. “Oh, depending upon the efficiency of their HVAC system, about five minutes or so.  We’ll give it fifteen just to be sure.”
Snow Job looked at her, somewhat alarmed. “Will the added exposure cause any sort of lasting side effects?”
Moira raised an eyebrow and looked at him in mock disbelief. “They just tried to kill your entire team. Do you really care?”
Before Snow Job could respond, both Blizzard and Frostbite responded in unison, “No.”
Moira sniggered a bit and turned to Colors. “Have Beutel accompany the entry team down to check on the sleepers. I’d prefer them alive. It’s rather difficult to interrogate a corpse.”
“Yes, Ma’am!”
***
“This is not the way to the exfil site,” Vulcan observed aloud. “Mind telling us where we’re going?”
“Back to the original target site,” Lace said as she pushed the vehicle through the narrow streets adjacent to Kalingaville’s port.
Werecat’s eyes grew large, “What?”
“When the SKAR troops took off after you lot, like the undisciplined thugs they are, they left only three people back at the shipping offices. One of them is believed to be the SKAR regional commander,” she explained. “It would just make my day if we were able to snatch him up.”
“Do we know what this asshole looks like?” Cake asked from the back seat.
Lace nodded. “According to my spotter, he’ll be the only one not wearing one of those silly skeleton masks.”
“How long do we have?” ShowTime asked.
“We’ll be at the target building in about ninety seconds.”
“Will your spotter be able to provide cover?”
Lace nodded. “Up until we make the grab. We’ll need to pick her up on our way out.”
ShowTime turned to face the rear of the vehicle and addressed his team. “Okay, Vulcan and Cake are with me. V grabs the target while Cake and I discourage any of his friends. Cat, you’ll cover us with the RPD. Questions?”
***
First Sergeant King emerged from the CP and shouted down to the company staging area, “Crank ‘em up!”
Drivers immediately started their engines, as their vehicle commanders made their way toward Flaherty’s command DEMON. Flaherty stepped out of the CP behind King, followed by the rest of his company’s Officers. The group made their way down to where the vehicle commanders waited.
Flaherty waited until they were all present before beginning. “We’re up, gents. As you all know, the Death Dealers have been monitoring a suspected SKAR facility just across the border. Less than thirty minutes ago, Grenadiers engaged SKAR forces in Chomo Lungma and Kalingaland. When that happened, the activity level in Kalistan jumped off the charts. Aries will be taking a company of his Highlanders into Kalistan to deal with the facility. The IG One Twelve Brigade is already entrenched along the border. We’ll be moving up to their positions until called upon to advance. Questions?”
No one spoke.
“Good, brief your crews and be ready to move in five.”
***
“Just three of them she says! Fuck!” Vulcan slouched a little lower as the rounds slammed into the broken concrete wall he was using for cover. He looked over and saw ShowTime and Cake similarly crouched behind a low wall. Behind them, Werecat opened up with the RPD. Another AK joined in, and he assumed it must be Lace.
“How many do you see?” ShowTime shouted as he tried to sneak a glance. His effort was rewarded with a fresh volley of gunfire.
“More than three!” Vulcan shot back.
“No shit!” ShowTime acknowledged. “Cat, do you have a good count on our friends?”
Werecat replied over the comm. “I’ve got two guys to your direct front, and another two moving to flank you.”
“Okay, is there a particular reason you haven’t killed them yet?” The aggravation began to creep into ShowTime’s voice.
“Fucking settle down,” Werecat laughed.
Several long moments passed with no firing and Cake asked, “What the fuck is he waiting for?”
Then they heard movement to their right and the RPD opened up again.
“The flankers are down,” Werecat advised. “Had to wait for them to get brave and move on you.”
“Good. Tell me about the other two.”
“Just keep your asses down,” a female voice said over the comm.
Vulcan, Cake and ShowTime looked at each other in bewilderment. Before any of them had a chance to speak, a single shot rang out, then another.
“Okay, boys - you’re clear. Go grab that idiot and let’s get out of here.”
Cautiously, the three Undertows left their positions and crept toward the small shipping office. A voice called from inside, “Don’t hurt me! I surrender!”
“Get out here!” Vulcan shouted. ShowTime and Cake took up positions on either side of the building’s bullet-pocked entryway. After a few tense moments, a tall man exited the building with his hands over his head. Cake and ShowTime covered him as Vulcan moved in to apply flex-cuffs. Once the prisoner was secured, Vulcan placed a black bag over his head and they hustled him off toward the Hummer.
***
“Well? What’s the word?” Moira asked impatiently.
The entry team had descended into the SKAR facility several minutes earlier and was systematically working their way through the complex. Colors held up a finger, as he relayed her question over his helmet comm. Moira could have asked herself, but Colors was their commander, and she wouldn’t disrespect him in front of them by omitting him from the discussion. She listened as Beutel made his report.
“So far, all of them are alive, Sir. I count nineteen up to this point.”
“Very well, keep at it,” Colors acknowledged.
“The effects of the gas should last for a few hours,” Moira mused, “so if we move quickly, we can put them on gunships and have them tucked away safely in Colonel Masque’s dungeon before they even wake up.”
“Shall I have Glumby call for our transport?” Colors asked.
Moira nodded. “Yes, let them know we’ll have about twenty extra passengers. Spread the prisoners out amongst the birds so that we don’t need to worry about them waking up early and overpowering their guard.”
Colors turned and walked off, shouting for Glumby.
Moira turned her attention to Snow Job, Frostbite and Blizzard. “It should be clear enough soon to take a quick tour of the interior. You interested?”
Snow Job stepped forward. “Definitely. We won’t need masks?”
She shook her head. “Nah. Not at this point. Just don’t stay down there too long or you’ll start feeling light-headed.”
***
Lace rounded the block and pulled up next to what probably passed for a nice hotel in Kalingaville. Vulcan nudged ShowTime in the ribs to get his attention and then inclined his head toward the building’s entrance. There, he saw a woman dressed in black, like Lace, except her outfit was significantly more revealing. She had short, dark hair and wore a scarlet beret. As she crossed to the Hummer, she held a Dragunov sniper rifle at the low ready. ShowTime knew his teammate well enough to know that Vulcan was going to be very, very interested in her.
“Oh, hell,” he muttered. Then he leaned closer to Vulcan and whispered, “Just remember we have a mission and try to keep your pants on this time.”
Vulcan looked slightly wounded. “Hey!”
The woman hurried to get in and Lace hit the gas as soon as she closed the door.
“Nice shooting,” Lace said with a smile. “Boys, this is Natasha. Natasha, meet the boys.”
“Damn, she’s Russian!” Vulcan exclaimed, his face brightening.
“For Christ’s sake, V - get a grip!”

Chapter 52
The Baroness couldn’t quite keep the smirk off her face as she strode into the bedchamber she shared with Destro. Knowing that things were about to get very hectic, he had decided to try and get a few hours of sleep before combat operations began in Kalistan. Upon hearing her enter, though, Destro raised himself up on an elbow.
“What is it, my dear?”
Still smiling, she crawled onto the bed and straddled him as he lay back. Her long hair brushed against his face. “Lace and Natasha have departed Kalingaville with the remaining Undertows. They were able to take the SKAR commander alive. They are enroute now and should be landing in about an hour.”
Destro grinned. “Excellent!”
Anastasia shushed him with a finger to his lips. “Oh, that’s not all,” she said. “Moira just reported in from Chomo Lungma. She says that your new sleeping gas works perfectly and the Iron Wolves used it to secure nineteen prisoners. Captain Colors and his people are flying them back here now. Moira and the Joes stayed behind with a platoon of Iron Wolves to conduct a thorough search of the entire facility.”
“How are things progressing in Kalistan?” he asked.
“Our troops are in position,” she replied. “I’ve cleared Aries to begin running reconnaissance patrols in the area, but told him to try to hold his assault until we have a chance to see what the prisoners might tell us.”
“When will the Iron Wolves be arriving with their prisoners?”
“They’ll be here around the same time as the Undertows; about an hour from now. I’ve notified Colonel Masque and he’s got his people preparing for them.”
“Good,” Destro said, pulling her closer. “Suddenly, I find that I am no longer tired.”
***
Llama finished reading over the message and handed his data pad to Sergeant Shock, who whistled as he read the summary.
“I don’t like the idea of sitting around now that we’re all staged and ready to move,” Shock observed. “But at the same time, we’ve thought before that we had SKAR pinned down, only to be left holding the shitty end of the stick.”
Llama nodded. “I agree. We may not like waiting, but if Colonel Masque can squeeze something out of the prisoners that will help us, then it’s worth it.”
Shock reached for his rucksack. “You want me to take the next patrol?”
Llama shook his head. “No, let Vader take it. Send Wry, Osgood and Reaper with him. You and Izzy should get some sleep. I need you two at the top of your game.”
“Okay, I’ll let them know.”
***
Captain Flaherty had nothing to do. When he’d been a Sergeant, there was always something to check on, someone that needed his guidance or his boot in their ass. As an Officer, he now had Sergeants to handle these things for him. His unit was in place, everyone knew their assignments and now they just needed to pass the time. Before long, he found himself thinking of Penny. Afraid of becoming preoccupied, he forced himself to think of something else. So he function-checked his MARS-45 submachinegun. Again.
“Corporal Hunger,” he called to his driver. “Some music, please.”
“Yes, Sir!”
Hunger had fallen into the habit of bringing his MP3 player everywhere he went and Flaherty realized that his own tastes were not terribly different. Hunger selected something loud and aggressive. Flaherty smiled to himself. Right on. And within sixty seconds, he was thinking of Penny again.
***
Corporal Vader lay on the forest floor using a spotter’s scope to monitor a point almost half a mile away. Formerly one of the Iron Grenadier flame weapons specialists known as Cremators, he was now assigned to the Death Dealers. Early in his career, one of his Sergeants had noticed that he had a tendency to overexert himself while wearing the breathing apparatus required by his job assignment. The resulting raspy-sounding breathing from his facemask is what earned him his nickname. To his immediate right, the unit’s designated marksman, Osgood, watched the same point through his rifle’s scope. Despite having very different specialties, Osgood and Vader were mostly inseparable when off duty. Twenty meters behind them, Reaper and Wry guarded their rear. Reaper was an expert marksman and absolutely ferocious in close combat, but oddly enough, he tended to be rather clumsy in ordinary tasks. Wry was the newest member of the Death Dealers and had yet to see combat with them. He was an experienced breacher and was expected to augment the skills of the unit’s demolitions specialist Sergeant Izzy.
“The activity level is certainly up since our last visit,” Osgood noted sarcastically,
Vader frowned. Something wasn’t right. He just couldn’t quite determine what it was. “C’mon, we’re moving.”
***
The activity level had picked up in the capital, as well. Barefoot and dressed in rags, Huerta sat on a straw mat in the city’s central marketplace, his wares arrayed before him, diligently watching for the next potential customer. If everything went according to plan, there wouldn’t be many customers and he’d be able to spend the day as he had the past three, watching the activity around him while people scoffed at the useless trinkets he offered for sale. He made a point of smiling like an idiot at every person that walked past, because that’s exactly what he wanted them to believe. No one wanted anything to do with a half-wit vagrant. It was not quite noon and already he’d picked up quite a bit of information. The locals were stocking up on consumables of every type. Snippets of conversation indicated that the people knew trouble was coming. They’d have to be stupid not to, Huerta thought to himself. No one seemed to care much for the soldiers in the skull-like masks who now roamed the city with impunity, their efforts to remain undetected apparently abandoned. But no one would stand up to them, either. These weren’t the sort of soldiers that protected people. They were the kind that hurt people who made the mistake of establishing eye contact. Some people were planning to flee the city, while others intended to hunker down and hope for the best.
The tiny ear bud concealed in Huerta’s ear crackled slightly. “How you doing down there, buddy?”
A block and a half away, Misfit sat behind an American-made M24 Sniper Weapon System, watching Huerta through the scope. He saw Huerta lower his head to reply.
“Never better.”
“Glad to hear it. Don’t look now, but your new pals are headed your way.”
Huerta sighed inwardly as he saw a pair of SKAR soldiers strolling down the street toward him. Each day, the same two thugs patrolled the marketplace during its hours of operation. It appeared that they’d simply been tasked with keeping an eye on things and establishing a visible SKAR presence, a trend seen around the city the past few days. Unfortunately, one of them had taken a liking to Huerta and made a point of stopping to harass him at least once a day. It was becoming more and more difficult to maintain his cover as an incompetent, while the two pushed him around for their own amusement. He had a few bruises left over from the previous day’s visit.
The shorter of the two crouched in front of Huerta. “Well, if it isn’t our favorite shit merchant?”
Staying in character, Huerta picked up a tattered rag doll and extended it toward the man, his eyes as wide and dumb as his smile. The soldier took the doll and feigned examining it for a moment. Then, holding it by a leg, he used it to hit Huerta in the side of the head.
“I don’t want your stupid doll!”
“He thinks you’re a little girl,” the second soldier chimed in, laughing.
“A girl, huh?”
Huerta held up his hands in submission, but the man hit him several more times before growing weary of it and tossing the doll aside and producing a combat knife. He seized Huerta’s right wrist.
“We probably won’t see him again after today, so I think we ought to take something to remember him by.”
The second man suddenly became interested. “Now you’re talking! Take a thumb!”
The man tightened his grip on Huerta’s wrist and leaned in closer. “You won’t miss a thumb, will you?”
Hot blood sprayed across Huerta’s face as the blade did its work. It took the second soldier almost three full seconds to realize that Huerta wasn’t the one who been cut. He fumbled for his rifle as the crouching man fell onto his side, twitching but already dead. The rifle slid from the man’s shoulder and then dropped clattering to the ground as Leored’s sap found the back of his head.
“Jesus Christ, look at you,” he snapped at Huerta, who was still seated amongst the trinkets, but was now bathed in his victim’s blood. “Always the messy one.”
“Ah, fuck you.”
***
“This is the last one, ma’am.”
“Good,” Moira nodded to the Iron Wolf Lieutenant. “Once it’s topside, load all of the boxes onto my gunship.”
It took nearly four hours to search the entire facility, but Moira felt confident that nothing had been missed. Several large cargo boxes had been stuffed full of electronic and paper files. They would be transported to Scotland, where a site was being set up to allow for joint analysis between MARS personnel and the Joes. It would take a while to sift through, but that wasn’t her concern. Once she delivered the boxes, she was free to fly back to Castle Destro. After spending the past few days in the frozen mountains of Chomo Lungma, Moira wanted nothing more than a stiff drink, a hot shower and a warm bed. She looked around one last time and then ascended the ladder that led back to the surface.
Snow Job was waiting there for her.
“I checked in with my CO,” he told her. “He wants us to fly to Scotland with you and find a place to stay while the Intel folks go through this stuff. He feels like it might be good to have a team already standing by in the area, should the need arise.”
“That’s fine with me. There’s a pub in town where I can get you set up with a couple of rooms. The food is pretty good and the booze is cheap.”
Snow Job smiled. “Perfect.”
“Okay then, get your team on board and we’ll be out of here.”
***
A hooded man watched as the idiot and his friend carried the two SKAR soldiers away. After they’d gone, he slipped further into the shadows and made his report. “The Grenadiers team has been compromised.”
“What happened?” Flint asked over the comm.
“A pair of SKAR troops picked the wrong junk merchant to bully,” Spirit explained. “The Grenadiers didn’t appear to have much choice. We’d have done the same thing in their place. Judging from the amount of blood, I’d say that one of them was definitely dead. The other was taken alive.”
“Okay, you should probably get out of there. Once SKAR realizes that two of their guys are missing, they’ll probably start looking for answers.”
“Copy that. I’m headed back to base.”
***
The flight of Razor gunships set down on the north lawn of Castle Destro. As Captain Colors disembarked, Colonel Masque was there to greet him.
“Good work, Captain!”
“Thank you, Sir,” Colors acknowledged. “Do you need anything else from us?”
“No, I think we will be just fine,” Masque smiled. He raised his right arm and several Grenadiers clad in long red coats swept forward to take custody of the unconscious prisoners. Colors knew that these were Masque’s personal troops, who he often referred to as ‘The Red Death’. The Colonel was well-known for his love of puns and other wordplay, but as he stood watching the procession Colors knew that the prisoners would not see the humor at all.

Chapter 53
Castle Destro had no shortage of cells. However, only a limited number of them could be considered proper isolation cells. It was Colonel Masque’s preference to keep prisoners isolated at least until their initial interrogation so that they were not able to coordinate stories. His solution was to strap each unconscious prisoner to a gurney and keep them sedated until he was able to speak with each. Despite the sedatives, Masque posted his personal troops, The Red Death, on the prisoners as a precaution.
He began with the SKAR regional commander that had been captured in Kalingaville. The man clearly had some operational knowledge, but his fear of Iron Klaw was too great to allow him to talk without some softening up. So, Masque had him placed in one of his dozen portable cells. Each of these cells measured approximately three feet on all sides. They did not allow for the occupant to stand or lie down comfortably and were completely dark inside. Miniature speakers assaulted the occupant with whatever soundtrack Masque deemed appropriate.
Once the Kalingaville captive was safely tucked away, he began working his way through the Chomo Lungma prisoners. Over the course of eight hours, he was able to determine that fourteen of the prisoners were just soldiers that had been assigned to the facility to protect it. The other five were much more interesting, though. One was the facility commander, a colonel, and the other four were some sort of medical research team. Once he’d managed to identify them all, he’d had each of them placed in a portable cell.
***
“At this point, all of them are ‘softening’ in the isolation cells, my Laird.”
Destro stood in his private office, gazing out the large window, hands clasped behind his back. He mulled over Colonel Masque’s report, considering the pros and cons of continuing to hold up the assault into Kalistan in hopes of generating more Intelligence from the prisoners. Finally, he turned to face Masque.
“I do not doubt your ability to produce actionable Intel from these men, Colonel. However, I am concerned that the wait may prove costly in terms of allowing our enemy more time to prepare for what he must now know is coming. I am ordering the remainder of the Highlander Brigade to Kalistan. When they arrive, the assault will commence. You have until then to get your results.”
Masque snapped to attention. “Understood, my Laird!”
As Masque hurried out, Destro walked over to his desk and sat. He sent a brief message to Hawk, outlining the new information. When he was finished, he called for Sergeant Major Duncan, who arrived moments later.
“Sergeant Major, issue deployment orders to the remainder of the Highlander Brigade and the Iron Anvil Battalion. I want them in Darklonia as soon as possible.”
“Right away, my Laird,” the Sergeant Major produced his data pad and began tapping away. Less than a minute later, he looked up. “Done, my Laird.”
“Thank you, Sergeant Major.”
***
Once again, the castle came alive with men drawing weapons, packing equipment and making other last minute preparations. Shortly thereafter, the gunships began lifting off from the north lawn, bearing their deadly cargo southeast to Darklonia. Deep within the castle’s lower levels, far away from the bustling activity, Colonel Masque was getting acquainted with his latest subject, Colonel Wolfgang Strauss, former commander of the SKAR research facility in Chomo Lungma. Two members of the Red Death opened the isolation cube, spilling the naked and disoriented Strauss out onto the tile floor. In short order, they had him strapped into the interrogation rack and stepped away to let Masque work. As Strauss’s eyes adjusted to the room’s harsh lighting, he noticed the naked corpse lying nearby. Strauss was an intelligent man. The shattered remains of the skull and the large amount of fine blood spatter told him that the dead man had been shot in the head with a large caliber handgun. The manner of his sprawl implied that he had been shot while strapped to the same interrogation rack that Strauss currently occupied and then cut free to fall wherever he landed. Strauss felt his stomach churn and his pulse quicken with fear.
“Good morning, Herr Strauss,” Masque said, his voice full of menace. “I do hope that your session is more rewarding than that of Mister Reynolds here.”
Masque would not have thought that Strauss could turn any paler than he already was, but he managed to do exactly that. Just before he lost control of his bladder.
***
“Understood, Sir. You can count on us.” 
Llama looked around the tiny patrol base until he spotted Sergeant Shock and then waved him over. 
The senior NCO took a knee next to his commander. “What’s up, Sir?”
“Orders,” Llama told him. “Aries says that the rest of his Highlanders are now inbound along with the Anvil battalion. Masque is still working the prisoners, but we’re going to kick this shit off as soon as they get here. Aries wants us out in force to provide ‘eyes on’ for the assault force.”
“How long until we need to be in place?” Shock asked, looking at his watch.
“Couple of hours.”
Shock considered for a moment. “Okay, let me check with Vader to see what he’s got cooking. If it’s nothing particularly special, I’m gonna pull them back in. As soon as they get here, we can brief the entire squad, divide up into fire teams and punch everybody back out.”
Llama clapped him on the shoulder, “Make it happen, Sergeant.”
***
The Baroness looked around the room and couldn’t help but be pleased with the group of operatives she’d assembled - her Iron Maidens. There was Scythe, the first woman to be accepted within the ranks of the Iron Grenadiers. As such, she was once referred to as The Iron Maiden, but later changed her call sign to Scythe when the Baroness formed this unit. Next to Scythe was Moira, just returned from Chomo Lungma. Across the table was Cutlass, a striking Latina and one of the best sword fighters in the world. Next to her was Natasha, the Leningrad-born sniper who was nothing short of a legend back in the Motherland. Further down the table, Lace and Banshee talked animatedly about some past adventure, their youth showing amongst their more somber peers. Raven sat by herself, looking surly and aloof, as usual and casting occasional dark looks at Moira, whom she was known to dislike. The feeling was more than reciprocated and the two had even come to blows a couple of time during training. The Baroness noted the looks but didn’t have the time or inclination to be concerned.
“Your attention please, Ladies,” she began, the room quieting immediately around her. “As you are all aware, we are preparing to launch an offensive into Kalistan. We’ll try to spin it as a liberation mission in the press, but the real purpose of this operation is to weed out and crush the remaining SKAR forces there. We hope to gain Intel from this operation which will enable us to continue the hunt until all SKAR personnel have been ground under the soles of our boots like the vermin they are. To this end, I have assignments for each of you.”
The group had been paying close attention already, but this was the meat of the conversation and each woman became visibly more attentive.
“Scythe and Moira; you will be accompanying the Highlander Brigade as they assault the SKAR facility near the Darklonian border. Once the Highlanders have control of it, the two of you will oversee Intelligence gathering.”
Both Iron Maidens acknowledged the orders with a nod.
The Baroness continued. “Lace and Natasha; you will be assigned to the port. There is a G.I. Joe reconnaissance team in place monitoring the activity there. You’ll be going in with the same Undertow team you worked with in Kalingaville.”
Lace giggled as Natasha groaned slightly. She was not looking forward to having to fend off Vulcan’s advances again.
“Is that a problem?” The Baroness asked, sternly.
Natasha shook her head. “No, ma’am. No problem.”
“Excellent,” the Baroness said before moving on. “Cutlass and Banshee will be assigned to the palace and the surrounding area. You’ll be jumping in with the Iron Anvil battalion.”
Banshee fist pumped her excitement at the assignment, while Cutlass nodded her acknowledgement.
Finally, the Baroness turned to Raven. “You’ll be staying with me.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“You have twenty minutes to grab your gear and be on the north lawn to meet your transport. Briefing packets will be on board with mission specifics. The Undertows will be flying with you. The rest of you will meet up with your assigned units once you reach Darklonia.”
***
Colonel Strauss proved to be far more talkative than his former colleague had been. This was not particularly surprising, given that Masque had never asked the dead man any questions. He’d simply selected the individual soldier who had shown the least potential to produce actionable information during his initial interrogations, strapped him back into the rack and then shot him. Of course, Strauss had no way of knowing that the other man’s death had been nothing more than a bit of theater designed to loosen his own tongue. Once he began talking, Strauss was a gold mine of information. He said that the Chomo Lungma facility had been a remote research station dedicated to continuing the ‘super soldier’ program that SKAR had begun with Wreckage. Although Wreckage had ended up with greatly enhanced physical strength, he had also become more hot-tempered and difficult to control than he’d been before the procedure. The program required that the enhanced soldiers be instantly obedient to orders, lest they be a liability on the battlefield. Strauss insisted that the researchers working under his supervision had unlocked the key to controlling the subjects and that the information had been transmitted to his commanding officer several days earlier. When they were finished, Masque instructed that Strauss be cleaned up and placed in a more comfortable cell. After he’d been removed from the room, Masque sat down and called upstairs to Destro’s office. 
***
In the outer office, Sergeant Major Duncan answered the videocomm and spoke with Colonel Masque. Then he hurried into brief Laird Destro.
“Colonel Masque reports that it is as we feared, my Laird. He is on his way to interrogate Wreckage again, should you wish to join him.”
Destro sighed.
***
The hulk of a man known as Wreckage smiled as Destro and Masque entered his cell.
“I’ve been expecting you,” he sneered. “Finally figured it out, have you?”
“Admittedly, it has taken us longer than it should have,” Destro said. “Are you willing to talk with us? Because quite frankly, I’ve no desire to spend the rest of the day trying to break you the old fashioned way.”
Wreckage considered for a moment and then nodded. “Sure. What do I have to lose?”
“We know that the super soldier program is close to becoming a reality,” Destro said. “How does Kalistan fit in?”
Wreckage smiled. “Kalistan is the key.”
“In what way?”
“It all started there,” Wreckage told them. “He’ll want to finish it there, as well.”
“So the project was based out of Kalistan all along?” Masque wondered aloud.
“Aw, you haven’t figured out the best parts yet,” Wreckage laughed. “I said that he’s finishing it. Would it surprise you if I said that he didn’t start it?”
Behind his beryllium steel mask, Destro’s eyes narrowed.
Masque pressed on. “If Iron Klaw didn’t start the project, then who did?”
“We did,” Destro murmured, turning to leave the cell.
Wreckage’s laughter followed him up the stairs.

Chapter 54
Destro stormed past Sergeant Major Duncan and into his private office, slamming the door behind him. Knowing his Laird as he did, Duncan immediately picked up the phone and pressed a button. “Something’s happened. I’m not sure what, but he’s in a state. You may want to be here.”
Duncan set the handset back in the cradle and entered the office to find Destro standing as he often did, in front of the bay window, his hands clasped behind his back.
Without turning, he spoke. “You are no doubt familiar with the expression ‘sins of the father’, Sergeant Major?”
“Yes, my Laird.”
“That’s what this is about,” Destro said, turning suddenly and walking over to the statue of James McCullen IX, the first Destro. He entered a code on a small keypad set into the statue’s base and the concealed document safe swung open. Destro reached in and pulled out a faded manila file folder. He handed it to the Sergeant Major and returned to his place at the window.
The Sergeant Major placed the folder on the conference table and opened it. His eyes widened as he read the cover sheet and he looked up at Destro, who appeared lost in thought. Duncan returned to the file and was several pages into it when the door burst open and the Baroness strode into the room, Raven trailing behind her.
“What’s happened?”
Duncan closed the file and extended it toward her. She took it and began to read. She read several pages and then handed it back to the Sergeant Major. “So where does this leave us?”
Destro turned away from the window and walked slowly toward the conference table. “The program was to be my father’s greatest achievement. Instead, it became his greatest failure and a source of enormous embarrassment. In those days, the world was not ready to embrace genetic manipulation. It’s still a touchy subject even now. So to keep the program quiet during its early stages, my father kept it far from Castle Destro. He arranged for the program to be run under the supervision of a trusted family member.”
“Darklon?” the Baroness asked.
“His grandfather,” Destro corrected, still pacing the room. “Things went well at first. But as my father’s business dealings occupied more and more of his time, he became less involved in the program, trusting the old man to oversee the progress of the scientific team. Obviously, you’re well aware of the past difficulties between Darklon and me. His ambition has, at times, overcome his sense of judgment. Suffice it to say that the apple has never fallen far from the tree in that part of the clan.”
The Baroness said nothing, so Destro continued.
“The old man saw an opportunity to build his own army of super soldiers. So while continuing to serve my father on the surface, he assembled his own group of scientists to duplicate the program. The mortality rate amongst the test subjects was unreasonably high and when the supply of volunteers ran thin, the old man secretly sent troops into Kalistan to ‘acquire’ more. These raids became commonplace, with men and women seized from their beds to become guinea pigs for an old man’s twisted lust for power. By the time my father realized what was happening, the program was beyond salvage. He shut it down. Sanitized the entire operation. Established deniability.”
“And now Iron Klaw has come to inherit the program,” the Baroness observed.
“So it would seem.”
“My question stands,” the Baroness said. “Where does this leave us?”
“I see only one option that is acceptable to me,” Destro answered. “The program is an abomination. One that cannot continue to exist tied to my family name such as it is. We will invade Kalistan, as planned, and we will annihilate every remaining trace of SKAR and the super soldier program.”
***
Captain Flaherty returned from the commanders’ briefing and found his crews already standing by in their DEMONs. He held his right hand aloft and made a circling motion. Immediately, the diesel engines began to crank. Flaherty keyed his comm, “Platoon Commanders up.”
A few minutes later, he was standing beside his command DEMON surrounded by his three Platoon Commanders, Executive Officer and the company First Sergeant.
“Okay, the word has come down,” he said. “It’s as we expected. We’ll be crossing into Kalistan within the next few minutes. Recon units are already well across the border and are pushing forward. The infantry will be following in a couple of minutes. We’re to deploy in a skirmish line immediately behind the lead infantry elements and support their advance. Our fifteen tanks are the only DEMONs currently in theater, and Aries doesn’t want to unnecessarily expose us to anti-tank fire, so we’re going to be held back a bit until the enemy presents himself.”
Pike raised his hand and got a nod from Flaherty. “Sir, that shit is World War Two tactics. Our speed and firepower is our biggest advantage.”
Flaherty laughed lightly. “I know George, and everyone realizes that it’s not the way we’d prefer to make our advance. But the grunts want our firepower in the fight, not sidelined by some dipshit in a skull mask with a disposable rocket launcher. So we’ll do it this way.”
“Rules of engagement, Sir?” Ruckus asked.
Flaherty smiled. “If it’s wearing a skull mask, kill it. Aries was very clear that we’re not taking prisoners. Orders from the top, apparently. We aren’t expecting any civvies this far out, but we’ll need to watch out for them as we push closer to the urban areas. The reality here is that we’re invading a sovereign nation, so nobody wants civilian casualties added to our list of offenses.”
“Order of march, Sir?” asked Crosshair, the 2nd Platoon Commander.
Flaherty gestured toward the Kalistani border. “1st platoon has the center, 2nd is on their left flank and 3rd is on the right. The First Sergeant and I will hold our tanks in reserve and bolster the line wherever it’s needed. Questions?”
No one spoke.
Flaherty dropped his helmet onto his head. “Then let’s go hunting.”
***
“Motherfucker! I ought to cut both of your thumbs off and stuff ‘em up your ass!”
“Leo, you wanna get control of him, please?” Foolproof asked, as he unpacked his interrogation kit. “He’s not gonna want to answer questions with his severed thumbs crammed up his ass.”
Leored stepped between Huerta and the prisoner who was currently lying on his side, struggling against his bonds. “Let it go, man. We got a job to do, okay?”
“Fuck.” Huerta turned away from the prisoner and stalked over to the cot where he’d stowed his combat gear. He discarded the beggar’s disguise and dressed as Leored was. The entire team was now dressed in khaki BDU’s. Not only were they effective camouflage in the dirty streets of the capital city, but they looked enough like SKAR uniforms that they might buy a moment or two of confusion on the part of the enemy. Huerta buckled on his body armor and webgear. Like Leored, he armed himself with a suppressed M4 rifle. He added a locally made jacket of the variety commonly worn by the lower class. He turned to follow Leored and then paused. He crouched next to the prisoner and whispered. “You better pray he doesn’t let me at you when he’s done.”
With that, Huerta stood and followed Leored out of the room. Misfit was waiting next to the shuttered windows. “Not much activity right now. Feels like the calm before the storm.”
“That works for me,” grunted Huerta.
Misfit clapped him on the shoulder. “Watch our backs, Brother.”
Huerta slid into position next to the window. “No problem.”
***
With only a few hours remaining before darkness began to fall, the Highlander Brigade and the Iron Grenadier 112 Brigade began advancing into Kalistan. It was not the sort of lightning-fast strike that the Grenadiers were known for. The enemy knew they were coming, so there was no advantage to rushing. Instead, they advanced slowly, methodically. Just before dusk, one of the reconnaissance units crossed a SKAR patrol, resulting in a short, but violent firefight. In the Ogre he used as a rolling Command Post, Aries sat back and listened to the radio chatter.
“Overwatch to Killswitch, what’s your status?”
“Killswitch has one wounded. Took a couple pieces of shrapnel in the arm. We have eight enemy KIA. No prisoners, no runners.”
Aries nodded in satisfaction as he absently stroked the three scars on the right side of his face and head. Eight was just the beginning. But it was a good beginning.
***
Iron Anvils were normally deployed from Razor gunships, flying relatively low to the ground. But since no one was quite sure what sort of anti-aircraft capabilities SKAR possessed in Kalistan, the decision was made to deploy the entire battalion from Draconus IV supersonic transports at high altitude. The Draconus’ stealth package made it difficult to track, especially when flying at supersonic speeds. The pilots needed only to slow down long enough to deploy their jumpers and then hit the afterburners to clear Kalistani airspace. The sudden slowing of the aircraft was a rather jarring experience for the Anvils in the cargo bays, but it would pale in comparison to the impact made by each Anvil after freefalling from such an altitude. And so it was that nearly a thousand men plummeted toward the capital city under the cover of darkness. The sound of each man striking the earth would be thunderous and Thor smiled to himself as he imagined the stark terror that would be felt by the SKAR defenders when they realized what was happening. As always, he was among the first jumpers out the door and was, therefore, one of the first on the ground. As he struck the pavement in the palace courtyard, his armor’s force field absorbed the majority of the impact, but the pain was intense nonetheless. As he stood and unslung his MARS-45 submachinegun, Thor wondered how many of his men would suffer broken bones just from the jump. He didn’t ponder it long as small arms fire broke out all around him as the palace’s SKAR defenders reacted to the threat that had suddenly dropped into their midst. A round glanced off his helmet and Thor spun to engage two SKAR soldiers in a sandbagged machinegun position on the palace’s second floor balcony. As he aimed, the gun position appeared to explode and Thor realized that one of his men had landed on it, crushing both men in the process. Death from above, he thought to himself as he sought out another target.
***
Several hundred miles away, a single Razor gunship raced toward Kalistan, its escort of four AGP’s bracketing it on all sides. Inside the aircraft, Destro was fastening his wrist rocket launcher to his right gauntlet. Captain Nirvana and two of his Elite Guard were seated nearby. All three were calm and focused, despite the inactivity of the flight. Across the aisle, the Baroness sat with her head against the bulkhead. She appeared to be sleeping, but Destro knew better than that. She was as awake and aware as he was, just taking the time to center herself. Raven sat a few feet away, elbows on her knees, staring straight ahead at the opposite bulkhead with her one good eye. Destro had occasionally wondered how she’d lost her right eye, but had never cared enough to actually inquire. She wasn’t the youngest, and certainly not the most attractive, of the Iron Maidens, but her skills and experience made her an undeniable asset to the group. The rear of the cabin was occupied by Colonel Nero’s Annihilators, who had been constant companions for the Baroness since Destro learned of the failed SKAR attempt to abduct her. Once on the ground in Kalistan, Destro thought he would probably release Nero and his men to pursue a more productive agenda. If the Baroness was not safe in the company of his seven Elite Guardsmen and one of her own Iron Maidens, then the addition of four Annihilators, capable as they might be, was not likely to tip the scales.
Captain Nirvana approached with a comm headset. “Aries for you, my Laird.”
Destro put on the headset. “Go ahead, Aries.”
“My Laird, we’re seeing only limited enemy activity on the western front - just a handful of contacts so far. Fighting in the capital has been a bit stiffer, but Thor’s people have taken the palace and we expect to have the rest of the city secure by daybreak.”
“Excellent,” Destro replied. “If that’s the case, then we’ll set down at the palace and use it as our base of operations. Keep me apprised of your progress.”
“As you wish, my Laird. Weir ayebidin!”

Chapter 55
Werecat pulled himself from the water and up the ladder, pausing at the edge of the pier to make sure the coast was clear. Seeing no movement, he hurried up onto the pier and took cover behind a large crate to the right of the ladder. Vulcan was already clearing the top of the ladder and took up a position to his left. Intel had suggested that there would likely be no resistance along the waterfront, but ShowTime wasn’t one to take chances. He joined Werecat and took in the surrounding area.
“Looks clear, boss,” the Aussie said.
“We’ll see,” ShowTime answered, as he scanned the area with a thermal imaging scope. “Thermal’s not picking up anything. Tell the others to start moving up. Slowly.”
Werecat scuttled over to the edge and signaled the remaining three members of their team. Natasha was the first up the ladder, unfolding the bipod legs of her Dragunov sniper rifle as she crept toward a covered position. As soon as she was in place to cover them, ShowTime nodded to Werecat and the two men sprinted quietly across the open ground to a long, low concrete building that was almost certainly a warehouse of some type. Lace and Cake quickly took up the positions vacated by ShowTime and Werecat. After several minutes of tense silence, ShowTime signaled for the rest of the group to move up. Lace and Cake went first. 
Once they were safely across, Vulcan turned to Natasha with a grin. “Ladies first.”
Natasha rolled her eyes and took off running. Since departing Scotland, Vulcan hadn’t missed an opportunity to demonstrate his chivalry or his manliness, and it was beginning to wear on her nerves. She couldn’t tell if his flirtatious comments were legitimate, or some sort of juvenile humor. Regardless, Natasha was all business and she had no time for such foolishness. Vulcan made it safely across and the team began advancing down the waterfront toward what appeared to be a grain mill. The first shot cracked by Werecat’s head and he shouted, “Contact front! Seventy-five meters!”
The street erupted with gunfire as SKAR ambushers opened up and Werecat’s RPD began to chatter away in response. Most of the team had good cover where they were, but Vulcan and Natasha were pinned down and unable to return fire. ShowTime weighed his options. To their right was the water, but they’d have to cross a big stretch of open ground to get there. To their immediate left was the concrete wall of the building. His thoughts were interrupted by the booming of a shotgun farther down the pier. He looked out over the shipping crate he was hunkered behind and spotted a very faint muzzle flash from the top floor of the grain mill. The rate of fire picked up significantly for a moment, but ShowTime realized that the fire was no longer being directed at them. Again, he looked and the sniper in the grain mill fired. Definitely not at us, he thought. 
Then just as suddenly as it had started, the firing ceased. ShowTime nearly shit when a voice called out from about fifty feet away. “Hurry, my friends. All that noise will bring more of them quickly.”
ShowTime stood, albeit cautiously, and saw a man beckoning to them. “What the hell,” he mumbled as he trotted down the pier toward the man, Werecat beside him.
***
The Razor landed in the palace courtyard and the door hissed open. Despite the presence of a full platoon of Iron Anvils, Captain Nirvana exited the aircraft scanning for threats in every direction. Two more of the Elite Guard followed him out and posted to either side of the doorway. Destro emerged a moment later and Captain Thor stepped forward to greet him.
“Welcome, my Laird. The palace is secure and if it pleases you, we’ve prepared the Prime Minister’s conference room to be used as your CP.”
“Excellent work, Captain,” Destro acknowledged. “Where is Major Deevers?”
“Regrettably, Major Deevers did not survive the jump.”
“I see. Who is commanding the battalion now?”
“It should be the Executive Officer, Captain Eggers,” Thor stated, “but he shattered his left leg on impact and had to be medevac’d. For the moment, the company commanders are each handling their own units.”
Destro nodded. Such was the reality of airborne operations. “That’s fine, Captain, but I’d like a central point of leadership for the battalion and since you’re standing here, it’s going to be you. Impress me with your performance and we’ll make it a permanent position.”
Thor was speechless for just a moment, but then regained his wits. “Thank you, my Laird! I won’t let you down.”
As Destro and his guards accompanied Thor to the CP, the Baroness emerged from the Razor with Raven and her Annihilator bodyguards. They walked briskly to catch up to Destro’s party. Just before reaching the conference room where the CP was being established, they passed the Prime Minister’s office. The Baroness paused, remembering the last time she’d been in this building. Celine, the eighth member of her Iron Maidens, had died here. She recalled how pitiful Celine had appeared strung up against the wall, a plaything for Iron Klaw’s amusement. Anastasia ground her teeth together and turned to continue toward the conference room.
Destro was studying a tactical display that showed the current disposition of all Grenadier forces, as well as all known enemy forces. There were only small pockets of resistance remaining within the city, but one of those was proving particularly troublesome for the Iron Anvils that had been assigned to deal with it. Casualties were mounting and the enemy was standing firm.
“Colonel Nero,” Destro called.
“Yes, my Laird?”
“A small group of SKAR personnel have holed up in this building here,” he explained. “They are proving difficult to remove. I would like you and your men to deal with them.”
“Right away, my Laird,” he said. Then he hesitated, “The Baroness?”
“Will be fine here with me,” Destro confirmed.
Nero nodded and followed his men toward the door.
***
Humpty shouted into his comm over the roar of gunfire. “Hobbit, this is Humpty! Immediate suppression, grid seven six three two five niner! Bunker complex with overhead cover. HE Delay, over!” He listened as the information was repeated back to him to verify accuracy. “Affirmative! Humpty out!”
Ghost ducked behind a small knoll to change magazines. “Well?”
“It’s on the way, Sir!” Humpty confirmed, as he leaned out to fire at the machine gun team in the bunker to his direct front. There were three such bunkers, each with a heavy machine gun, currently holding up the advance of Ghost’s company. The 1st Platoon commander had been killed and Ghost was effectively running the platoon now. The 2nd Platoon had tried to flank them and had been forced back. It was time to try something new.
***
About a kilometer to their rear, the Hobbit shouted commands to the mortar teams. Each gunner hurried to place firing data on his sight unit and then ‘level’ the weapon for firing. When each team was ready, they fired a pair of high explosive shells. After they’d finished, Hobbit keyed his comm, “Round complete, over.”
***
Humpty craned his head to see the impact of the rounds. They effectively destroyed the right-hand bunker and shook things up for the other two. Humpty keyed up, “One bunker destroyed, two remaining! Left five zero, and repeat!”
Ghost called over the comm to the men carrying the MARS-56A2 squad fire-support weapons for 1st Platoon. “Darkseid! Android! We’re gonna drop another load on them, but I need suppressing fire as soon as the rounds are complete. Copy?”
Both men acknowledged.
“WarDog and Kung, you boys have your fire teams ready to assault forward once the fifty-sixes open up. Copy?”
Humpty received the ‘rounds complete’ notification over his comm and notified Ghost. “Rounds complete, Sir!”
Ghost ducked as the rounds began landing. After the fourth impact, both of the MARS-56A2 cannons began spewing fire at the two bunkers. Fire teams led by Kung and WarDog surged forward. The bunker to the left was a smoking hole, but the middle one was still mostly intact. As WarDog’s team closed the distance he raised his rifle and fired a 30mm grenade through the firing port. Screams could be heard as the round detonated inside the structure. Still, someone inside was moving, so WarDog and one of his men skirted around to the rear of the bunker and forced their way in, firing short bursts as they went. A few seconds later, WarDog shouted, “Clear!”
Humpty smiled at Ghost and said, “Gotta love those supporting arms!”
***
Inside the abandoned grain mill, ShowTime and his team were getting acquainted with the G.I. Joe reconnaissance team that had been watching the waterfront for the past week. After Spirit had escorted them back to the mill, he and Outback had gone back out to watch the perimeter. Leatherneck and Low-Light were both up in the attic storage space that had been serving as their surveillance post. From that same perch, Low-Light had dispatched four of the ten SKAR soldiers that had ambushed the Undertows. Flint and Spirit had done the rest up close.
“Unfortunately, our government has yet to decide upon a course of action here,” Flint was saying. “Our mission, which doesn’t exist, is limited to surveillance only.”
Lace looked up from the cup of coffee she’d gotten from Lady Jaye. “We appreciate your decision to set those non-existent limitations aside for a few minutes to help us out.”
Flint nodded. “No problem. Maybe you folks will replay the favor someday.”
“So while we’re not allowed to actively participate in combat operations,” Lady Jaye said. “We are set up perfectly to cover the waterfront. While we continue to monitor this area, you can use this site as your patrol base. We’ll be able to cover your activities up to a certain point, and we’ll be able to hold the patrol base without your having to leave people behind.”
Natasha looked at Lace. “That makes sense as far as I can see.”
Lace nodded. “I agree. Let’s work out the details.”
***
“Finally!” Corporal Hunger exclaimed as the column of DEMONs began moving again. “Now we’re getting somewhere!”
The fight between Ghost’s A Company and the SKAR bunkers had temporarily halted the Grenadiers’ advance. Hunger slammed the tank into gear and they began to creep forward again. They’d gone approximately 150 meters when a tremendous explosion shook the ground and halted the column again.
Captain Flaherty dialed in the brigade frequency inside the DEMON’s armored personnel housing. The radio chatter quickly made it apparent that SKAR forces had hit the head of the column again.
Hunger groaned.
Flaherty chuckled. “Don’t worry, Jay. There will be plenty of them for us.”
***
The Baroness was growing impatient. Things were taking too long to develop and it made her want to take to the field herself and move things along. Destro would never allow it, though. He’d been so overprotective since learning of the attempted abduction. As she stood on the balcony overlooking the city, she wondered whether they’d be able to put this all behind them after this battle. She knew that so long as Iron Klaw was on the loose, it would never be done. But finding him had proven most difficult. She had just started to turn away from the view when the blow landed and her world first flared white with pain; then faded to black.

Chapter 56
The blast was a big one and it immediately got Aries’ attention.
“Hold it up here, Beckley!” he shouted to the driver of his Ogre armored personnel carrier. Aries unbuckled his crash webbing and crossed the troop bay to the deployment hatch. He mashed the button and waited impatiently as the hydraulics lowered the ramp. Stepping outside, he looked forward, beyond the front of the column, and saw an enormous cloud of smoke rising through the trees. 
“Ghost, this is Aries,” he called over the comm. “SitRep.”
Ghost answered immediately. “It wasn’t us, Sir. It was well to our front.”
“Shit,” Aries mumbled. The only unit to the front of Ghost’s company was the Death Dealers.
***
“Goddamn it!” Llama cursed as he pulled off his helmet and spit blood. The blast had hurled him backward into a tree, and although he didn’t think he was seriously injured, he’d bitten through the tip of his tongue and was bleeding steadily from the mouth. Small arms fire could be heard all around; mostly his own men firing from the sound of it. He looked for his rifle, but didn’t see it nearby. Instead, he saw Sergeant Shock lying about fifteen feet to his left. Llama pulled himself to his feet and started toward Shock, managing all of two steps before pitching forward onto his face. He pulled himself up on all fours and scrambled to Shock’s side. He pulled off the older man’s helmet and checked for signs of life. 
“I swear I didn’t know she was married...” Shock mumbled.
Despite the severity of their situation, Llama laughed as he grabbed Shock’s arm to help him up. “Get your ass up, Sergeant!”
Sergeant Irizarry appeared at Llama’s side. “You guys okay, Sir?”
“I am, but I’m not sure about the old man here.”
Shock twisted away from Llama and started looking around. “Where’s my fuckin’ rifle?”
“Okay, apparently he’s fine,” Llama amended. “What the hell hit us?”
Irizarry pointed to the direction they’d been travelling. “IED. A fuckin’ big one. I’m pretty sure Taco and Pornstar are gone. They had the point and there’s no sign of them at all. Wry and Vader are both down, but we’re getting them sorted.”
Shock found his rifle and began wiping the debris from it. “Who’s doing all that firing?”
“Most of it is our guys. Because of the size of the IED, it appears that the ambushers had to stay back pretty far until they detonated it,” Irizarry explained. “When they came running to finish us off, Vader and Hung had a pretty good angle on them so now it’s turned into a stalemate. I told them to hold fast until we could pick you assholes out of the trees.”
“Alright, let’s take back the initiative here,” Llama said. “Izzy, you see my fuckin’ rifle?”
***
Destro nodded with satisfaction as ShowTime finished his report. The Joes may be hobbled by the fact that they were not deployed under official orders, but their presence on the waterfront was helpful, nonetheless. “Thank you, Sergeant. Begin reconnaissance of the area immediately and thank Chief Warrant Officer Faireborn for his team’s assistance.”
“Already done, my Laird.”
“Keep me posted, ShowTime.” Destro killed the feed and sighed. Things never progressed quickly enough during such operations, but he knew that his troops were performing well in the field, and barring something truly unexpected it would be a matter of time and attrition. Still, he was impatient. Anastasia was more anxious than he, and had stepped out for some air. Looking around the room, he realized she had not yet returned.
“Captain!” he called to Nirvana.
“Yes, my Laird?”
“The Baroness and Raven have not returned yet. Send two of your men to find them and bring them back here.”
“Right away, my Laird.”
***
The building didn’t look like much from the air, but as they got closer, the Annihilators activated their helmets’ thermal scanning feature and could see that the ground floor was packed with troops. The second floor, on the other hand, was occupied only by a few men, who appeared to be taking potshots out the windows, all their attention focused outward. That would prove to be their undoing. Nero keyed up on the squad comm. “I make out three assholes on the second floor and a bunch more downstairs. We’ll go for a soft landing, by twos; Robo and I will take the lead.”
The other three men clicked their comm in acknowledgement. Starbuck and Wert slowed their descent and monitored the enemy within the building, careful not to drift to where they might be seen. Nero and Wang settled gently to the rooftop and carefully set down their heli-packs. Wang pulled out a length of det cord and fashioned it into a circle. He primed the electrical blasting cap and stepped back from the improvised breaching charge, taking a knee. Nero nodded and Wang detonated the charge, blowing a circular hole in the roof of the building. Nero was up and running almost immediately, dropping through the hole and into the midst of the stunned SKAR snipers, firing as he landed. Wang followed closely behind, killing the last of the three with a short burst to the chest.
Wang grinned at his commander. “That’ll get the blood pumping, eh?”
Nero looked up at the hole in the ceiling to see Starbuck and Wert drop through. Wert produced his own length of det cord and repeated Wang’s handiwork of a moment earlier. “Ready.”
Nero nodded and Wert detonated the charge. This time, each of the four men dropped a fragmentation grenade through the hole and waited for the detonations. They waited a second after the last one and then piled through the hole. There had been fifteen SKAR soldiers on the first floor of the building, but it wasn’t even a fight. Only a handful still posed a legitimate threat and they were gunned down in short order. The shooting lasted less than ten seconds. Nero dropped his empty magazine and pulled a fresh one from his webgear. “Check ‘em. No prisoners.”
***
“Missing? How in the bloody hell can she be missing?” Destro exclaimed, as his fist slammed against the tabletop.
Nirvana was in a most unenviable position having to make the report, his men having found no sign of the Baroness or Raven anywhere on the palace grounds. “I don’t have an acceptable answer to that my Laird. We’ve torn the palace apart and found no trace of either of them.”
Destro closed his eyes for a moment and forced himself to be calm. He’d prepared for this. As long as they acted quickly, there was no cause for alarm. “Prep my Razor,” he said. “And recall Nero’s people.”
“At once, my Laird!” Nirvana turned and hurried off to carry out his orders.
Destro opened a small pouch on his belt and took out what looked like a smart phone. Turning it on, he smiled to himself. There you are, Ana.
***
“Hung! Hit those assholes on the left! The left!”
Llama wasn’t sure if Hung had heard his call until the stream of fire shifted abruptly and the SKAR troops in question went down like so many rag dolls. PigPen and Biscuit bounded forward into the gap created by Hung’s fusillade, firing as they went. Shock and Hung were close behind them. Llama was working his way up the middle of the slight valley with Wry and Reaper. Sergeant Irizarry was currently flanking to the right with Vader and Osgood, looking to exploit the fact that the enemy seemed to be focusing on the assault from the left. As Irizarry had stated earlier, there was no sign of either Pornstar or Taco. Both men had likely been vaporized by the enormous IED. If they looked hard enough, they’d probably find pieces; but there was no time for that now.
“Contact on the right flank!” Sergeant Irizarry called out. “Looks like they’re protecting a bunker entrance. Jesus, there’s a lot of them!”
“Can you hold your position, Izzy? Llama asked.
“Negative, we’re pulling back,” he answered. Then a moment later, “Vader’s down! Vader’s down!”
“Shock!” Llama called. “Push forward! Let’s give ‘em something else to focus on so Izzy’s guys can pull back!”
“You got it!”
Shock started forward with Hung beside him. Llama signaled to Reaper and Wry. Both men surged forward, over the small rise where Biscuit and PigPen had gone a few moments earlier. Llama followed closely behind them and then stopped abruptly.
“What the fuck is that?”
***
Destro’s Razor flew slowly, low to the ground and with full stealth package enabled as he tracked the Baroness. The tracker he’d insisted upon was working perfectly. He was certain that whoever had successfully abducted the Baroness was now transporting her to Iron Klaw, and that she would be reasonably safe until she was delivered to him. But it was imperative that he kept up the track and was close by when that happened. He remembered very clearly what Iron Klaw had done to Celine. He felt his pulse quicken and forced the image from his mind. No, he would be in time. He had to be.
***
Aries grew more frustrated by the minute. He’d been trying to contact Llama since the IED detonation twenty minutes earlier, but without success. He’d ordered Ghost to begin pushing forward toward the site of the blast, but he was encountering resistance along the way. Aries rather liked the Death Dealers and it infuriated him that he wasn’t able to provide timely support. He was close enough to hear the sounds of their battle, so he knew they likely needed assistance.
“Ghost, this is Aries, what’s the hold up?”
“Sir, we’re just about done mopping up this last group,” Ghost answered. “We should be pushing forward in a minute or so.”
“Make it fast, Captain.”
***
At the base of the small hill upon which he stood, Llama saw a reinforced bunker, which appeared to serve as an entrance to the underground facility they were targeting. The bunker was ringed with SKAR troops, and in the center of their formation stood a single man, armored and helmeted with what appeared to be a minigun and a multiple rocket launcher mounted to a frame pack. His oversized gauntlets were clearly designed to fire some type of projectile, as well. He looked like something out of a science-fiction novel. In the three or four seconds it took Llama to process all of this, the armored man spotted him and raised his left arm, firing a volley of fire toward the Grenadier Captain. He dove, rolling away from the rounds and came up firing. 
“Let ‘em have it, Death Dealers!”
As one, his men opened fire and the SKAR troops began falling. Llama concentrated his fire on the armored man, but it seemed to have no significant effect. When hit, the man reacted to it as if stung, but no matter how many times he was hit, he failed to fall.
Hung swept the big MARS-56A2 back and forth, mowing down SKAR troops as quickly as he could target them. Reaper and Wry were both dropping 30mm grenades inside the perimeter at the same time. Within ninety seconds, the SKAR troops were decimated. And yet their armored leader stood unscathed. He inclined his head slightly toward Llama and then raised both arms. 
The volume of fire was tremendous, and Llama was forced to the ground. Biscuit wasn’t quite fast enough and was hit four times as he tried to take cover. Llama could tell by the size of the gaping wounds and the twitching of his body, that Biscuit was dead. Wry stood to fire and was caught in the midsection, the round throwing him several feet backwards. 
“Goddamn it, guys! Coordinated fire!” Llama called over the squad comm. “Izzy, can you draw his attention?”
“What? Do I look stupid?”
“Just do it!” Llama said. “As soon as he turns toward Izzy’s guys, everyone else hammers the motherfucker!”
Their enemy was beginning to advance toward Llama’s position when Sergeant Irizarry broke cover and sent a 30mm grenade toward him. Izzy didn’t wait for the grenade to detonate, and started pounding away with his rifle. After the third or fourth hit, the enemy faced Izzy and the minigun on his right shoulder began spewing fire. The remaining Death Dealers engaged and peppered their foe with small arms fire. Izzy went down; Llama couldn’t tell whether he was wounded or just taking cover. Osgood went down hard and PigPen was cut nearly in half by the minigun. Hung started scoring repeated hits with the heavy machine gun and it had an effect on the enemy, causing him to stumble and fall to his knees. He stood again and brought all of his weapons to bear on Hung’s position, but before he was able to fire, Reaper put a pair of High Explosive anti-personnel rounds into his side, toppling him again. Llama saw that Wry had managed to crawl forward and retrieve PigPen’s rocket launcher. 
“Hung! Keep him occupied!” Llama called. “Wry! On my mark!”
Wry looked toward him and nodded. Hung opened up again as the enemy was struggling to regain his feet. The heavy rounds threw him back against the side of the bunker entrance and Llama called out, “Mark!”
Wry leaned out from his covered position and fired. The rocket struck home and the enemy, though amazingly still in one piece, was still.
Shock was up and running immediately. “Reaper, on me! Let’s get this asshole trussed up before he wakes up and goes on another rampage!”
Rampage, Llama thought to himself. He’d read the briefings, but there had been no photo or physical description of the man. Llama couldn’t help but think that he’d chosen his name well.

Chapter 57
As Anastasia regained consciousness, she winced at the surge of sharp pain at the back of her head. She was lying on her side. When she tried to move, she realized that her hands were bound behind her. Flex cuffs, most likely, if the tingling in her fingers was any indication. Testing further, she found herself bound tightly at the knees and ankles. Whoever had trussed her up had certainly not wanted her squirming about too much. She opened her eyes and found it difficult to focus, realizing then that her glasses were missing. Damn.
“Save your strength, dear,” a familiar female voice said. “You’re going to need it.”
Anastasia heard the sound of hurried footsteps, several men coming her way. The way the sound echoed, she determined that they must be underground. The footsteps grew ever closer.
“Finally!” the female voice said. “You morons certainly took your time.”
“Apologies, ma’am! The Grenadier forces are everywhere.”
“Save your excuses. Pick her up and let’s get moving.”
Raven! The voice belonged to Raven, one of her Iron Maidens. Anastasia struggled to think as two pairs of hands roughly seized her and hoisted her to her feet. A third man stooped slightly and she was draped over his right shoulder not unlike a sack of grain. A sudden wave of fear gripped her.
“Raven!” she blurted desperately. “I don’t know how he got to you, but it’s not too late to change your mind about this.”
As she hung upside down against the soldier’s back, Raven came in to her field of view, smiling as if she were a child, to be pitied. “My dear, Iron Klaw didn’t ‘get to me’. I’ve always been his. You really should be more careful in screening your recruits.”
The slap caught her by surprise and caused a whole new wave of pain from her head. Anastasia tasted blood in her mouth and spat.
“Now, let’s get moving,” Raven told the SKAR troops. “If she elects to continue running her mouth, feel free to shut her up, just don’t damage her permanently. Iron Klaw has... very special plans for her.”
One of the men smacked her across the buttocks - hard - and laughed. “Oh, she’ll behave for us, ma’am.”
Anastasia felt her ass burn and her face color as she ground her teeth hard enough to cause another wave of pain. She forced herself to be calm, swallowing her humiliation as they began to walk.
Raven laughed lightly. “You three had better hope that she never gets free of her bonds. If she does, I guarantee you’ll pay for that.”
You can bet on that, Anastasia thought to herself.
***
Llama stood by as the medics loaded Sergeant Irizarry onto a Razor gunship. He’d taken multiple hits to the torso, all of which had been stopped by his armor, but he was going to be in a lot of pain for a few days. Wry, Vader and Osgood were all in a similar state and were already onboard the gunship, which had been designated as a medevac bird. They’d been the lucky ones. The bodies of PigPen and Biscuit were also onboard the Razor. No sign had yet been found of Taco or Pornstar.
Fifteen feet away, Sergeant Shock was clearly losing his patience with Corporal Gundam, the medic who was examining him. “I’m gonna tell you once more, Corporal, to find somewhere else to be.”
Frustrated, Gundam threw up his hands and walked off. Hung and Reaper laughed as they stood next to an Ogre APC, replenishing their ammunition. As he walked over to where Llama stood, Shock saw them and threw a dirty look their way. “Keep laughing assholes.”
“What’s next, Sir?” the Sergeant asked.
Llama turned to him and shrugged. “Damned if I know. As a unit, we’re now ‘combat ineffective’, but since the four of us are still walking and breathing I’m sure we can find something that needs doing.”
“I’m glad you feel that way, Captain,” Aries said as he sauntered over from his command Ogre, his battered Nullifier helmet tucked under one arm. “I’m attaching you four to my brigade headquarters element until further notice.”
“To what end, Sir?” Llama asked.
“To have you on hand in the event I need you.”
Llama raised an eyebrow, but said nothing.
“Look Captain, the truth is that if I thought you’d go quietly, I’d order your entire unit back to Darklonia. But I know that isn’t your style, so I’m keeping you with me and you have my word that I’ll find something worthy of your exceptional band of killers. Deal?”
Llama smiled. “Fair enough, Sir.”
***
Ghost was watching his men, as they attempted to force open the bunker entrance, when his comm squawked.
“Ghost, this is Aries. What’s the status of that bunker door?”
“Not budging, Sir. I think we’re going to have to blow it.”
“Copy. I’ve got a Detonator team already on their way up to you. Let me know when they have charges set and ready to blow.”
“Roger that, Sir.”
***
Sergeant Wingnut jogged along the column toward the bunker entrance, with his teammates in tow. Arriving there, they found Ghost waiting for him. “Captain,” Wingnut said, nodding to Ghost. “I understand you have an uncooperative door.”
“That we do, Sergeant. She’s all yours. Get your charges set and let me know when you’re ready to go. Aries asked to be notified before you breach.”
“We’re on it, Sir!” Wingnut replied. He inclined his head toward the bunker entrance and his team took the cue to follow him. At the door, they dropped their packs. “Poptart, you’re rigging the charges, so get your kit ready. Tucker, break out the scanner and let’s see if we can get an idea what we’re dealing with here.”
The newest member of the team, Tucker had been assigned to the team after Android was wounded in Sierra Muerte. Both Wingnut and Poptart had also been shaken up in the blast, but Android had been declared unable to return to explosives work due to his prosthetic limbs. Tucker hurried to break out the multi-spectrum scanner and brought it up to the door. The scanner would allow the team to analyze the door in a variety of spectrums to try and determine its composition and design. This would allow them to better assess the quantity and type of explosive to use in the breach.
Wingnut stepped aside to let the junior man do the scanning. He’d scan it himself afterward, to double-check the results. Tucker brought the handheld scanner up to his eye and activated it in thermal mode first. “Okay, you bitch, let’s see what you’re made of.”
***
Destro checked the tracker again and saw that the signal was still strong. The waiting was intolerable, but they had yet to discover the underground passages being used to move the Baroness. If he tipped his hand too soon, and Iron Klaw’s people realized that he was able to track her, they might just cut their losses and kill her outright. That was a chance that Destro was unwilling to take.
“My Laird,” a Communication Officer said as he made his way from the airborne command center housed in the gunship. “I have a SitRep for you.”
Destro took the sheet of paper and scanned it quickly. The Death Dealers had captured a high-level SKAR Lieutenant. That might prove useful if it came to a prisoner exchange. The Highlanders were preparing to breach the underground complex where Destro believed the super soldier program was based. Darklon was crossing the Kalistani border twenty two miles to the south of where the Highlanders and the 112 Brigade had made their incursions. Those two brigades had split from each other just after crossing the border, so in essence there were now three brigades pressing the attack. Additionally, Metal-Head reported that the Anastasia had arrived in theater and was preparing to launch troop transports to bring a fourth brigade into the country’s port. The addition of two more combat brigades would speed things up in terms of the campaign against Iron Klaw’s conventional forces.
But perhaps the biggest bit of news was that General Mayhem had arrived at the palace and assumed command of theater operations in Destro’s place. Having Mayhem calling the shots would allow Destro to pursue the Baroness’ abductors without fear of neglecting his duty to his men.
***
Leatherneck and Low-Light hurried to pack up the surveillance equipment in the attic storage space they’d been sharing for the last several days. With MARS troop transports now moored along the waterfront, there was not much likelihood of SKAR activity. Therefore, Flint had gotten approval to move inland and set up on the opposite side of the city. Leatherneck paused a moment to gaze down at the gangplank being extended from the first transport.
“Well, I’ll be damned.”
“Yeah, probably,” Low-Light agreed, without looking up from the spotting scope he was packing into its carry case.
“No, jackass! Look down there,” the Marine said, pointing toward the waterfront.
“Huh,” Low-Light said. “Looks like Destro’s calling out all the big guns. You ready?”
“What? Oh, yeah. Let’s go.”
***
Metal-Head strode down the gangplank and stopped on the concrete pier where ShowTime and Lace waited.
“Good to see you again, Sir,” ShowTime said, extending his hand.
Metal-Head shook it and grinned. “Yes, it’s been quite a while, Sergeant. I heard about that business in Kalingaville. Quite the prize you landed. So, what’s the status of the waterfront area?”
“We had some contact when we first arrived, but nothing since,” ShowTime explained. “SKAR left a squad-sized unit to watch the waterfront, and they managed to surprise us. We had some unexpected help with them.”
“Oh?”
“G.I. Joe had a reconnaissance team set up in the grain mill down there,” ShowTime gestured toward the end of the waterfront area. “They saw the ambushers setting up for us and hit ‘em from behind. We’ve been running recon from their patrol base ever since.”
Metal-Head looked amused. “Who would have thought, eh?”
“Certainly not me,” ShowTime laughed. “Sir, have you met Lace?”
“Indeed, I have! And how are you, my dear?”
“As well as can be expected,” she replied. “Truth be told, I’m a bit anxious to get to the Central CP and check-in with the Baroness.”
“Very well,” he said, turning to a Grenadier standing behind him. “Sergeant Baverstock, let’s get our own security established along the waterfront so that these folks can get on with their business.”
The sergeant snapped to attention, “Right away, Sir.”
Metal-Head smiled in a way that Lace thought was probably sincere, but looked carnivorous. “You stand relieved, my dear. Sergeant ShowTime, until we meet again.”
The two shook hands again and ShowTime turned to follow Lace back to their patrol base.
***
The Officers and Platoon Sergeants of the First DEMON Company gathered around Captain Flaherty’s command tank.
“Okay, we’ve got new orders,” Flaherty said. “We now have four brigades in Kalistan, so the company is being split up, with a platoon being attached to support each. 1st Platoon will be headed down to the capital to meet up with Metal-Head’s Brigade. They’re just coming ashore, off the Anastasia.”
Ruckus nodded his acknowledgement.
“2nd Platoon will be headed due south to link up with the Darklonian Brigade.”
“Yes, Sir!” Crosshair said.
Flaherty looked toward Lieutenant Pike. “3rd Platoon will link up with the One Twelve Brigade under Scrap-Iron. They’re currently due east of our position.”
Pike gave a ‘thumbs up’.
Flaherty smiled as he looked over at King and Lethal. “The XO, the First Sergeant and I will remain with the Highlander Brigade. Coordinates for your respective rendezvous points will be uploaded to your data terminals. Questions?”
***
“Aries, this is Ghost.”
Aries keyed his comm to respond. “Go ahead, Ghost.”
“The breach is set. We can go on your order.”
“Roger that. I’ll be right down,” Aries said, rising from his seat. “Captain, are you boys ready to get back in the shit?”
Llama grinned. “Fuckin’ A, Sir!”

Chapter 58
Llama looked across the alcove which led to the bunker entrance and saw Sergeant Shock waiting there with his weapon at the ready. Hung was just behind him, followed by a half dozen Highlanders from Ghost’s company. Reaper was positioned immediately behind Llama, with another group of Highlanders. When the charge blew, they would surge forward into the bunker to confront those who were surely waiting inside.
Llama looked up the small hill and saw Sergeant Wingnut standing there, awaiting his signal. He nodded and Wingnut dropped behind cover. A moment later, the breaching charge blew. Llama waited just a few moments for the debris to stop flying and then he was moving, around the corner, through the twisted metal frame of the bunker’s doorway. He could feel Reaper at his back and kept moving, scanning for targets. And then all hell broke loose.
***
Natasha was beginning to lose her patience. She’d arrived at the CP almost thirty minutes earlier and had been told to have a seat with Lace and the Undertow team. Waiting was not something she was particularly good at, which was odd given that she was such a gifted sniper. When she was behind the scope, she had all the patience in the world. But sitting here like this was exasperating.
“Hey!” she shouted to the Grenadier posted at the entrance to the CP. “How much longer?”
The Grenadier gave her a shrug.
She sighed in a way that made it perfectly clear that she was not satisfied with his response.
“Wait a moment, ma’am. I’ll see what I can find out.”
The Grenadier disappeared inside. He returned less than thirty seconds later, followed by General Mayhem. The man resumed his post as the General walked over to Natasha.
“My dear, you have the patience of a two-year old,” the old General said with a grin.
“And you know better than to keep me waiting, tovarich,” she replied. “What is the delay?”
Mayhem hesitated, and Natasha read him perfectly.
“What has happened, Vladimir?” she pressed.
“The Baroness has been abducted,” he said.
Lace leapt to her feet. “What?”
Mayhem raised his hands in a calming gesture. “Laird Destro is tracking her. He is accompanied by his entire Elite Guard, as well as Colonel Nero’s Annihilator team. There is nothing to --”
“Vladimir,” Natasha interrupted. “I know you don’t really believe that. If the enemy realizes that she’s being tracked, they will simply kill her. Now, we’re going to secure transport and I will expect you to provide me with updates so that we can be available to assist.”
“Natasha, I cannot tell you what I do not know,” Mayhem explained. “Laird Destro shares your concern and as such, he is withholding any information concerning her whereabouts.”
“General, how was she taken?” Lace asked. “Where is Raven?”
“We’re not sure on either count,” he admitted. “There has been no sign of Raven since the Baroness was taken.”
Lace’s eyes narrowed and she shared a knowing look with Natasha. “Looks like Moira was right to hate that bitch.”
“It would appear so,” Natasha agreed and then turned to Vulcan. “Would you please obtain suitable transportation for us? Something fast with decent armor would be perfect.”
Vulcan nodded and hurried off.
Lace turned back toward Mayhem. “General, is there anything we can do to assist you?”
“Not that I can think of my dear. We have four full combat brigades in Kalistan now,” he told them. “The outcome is no longer in question. We will overcome the SKAR forces here; it’s just a matter of time.”
“Very well, then we will try to find a way to make ourselves useful,” Lace said. “You know how to reach us.”
“I do,” he affirmed as he headed back inside the CP. “And if I can steer you in a direction that would be helpful to Laird Destro’s search, then I certainly will. Good hunting.”
“So what’s the plan?” ShowTime asked the two Iron Maidens.
Lace sighed. “There isn’t much of a plan. We’re going to go out and try to create some chaos. Hopefully, that will divert attention from Destro’s search. If we get lucky, we may find ourselves in a position to help out. Either way, we’ll be out there contributing. And right now, that’s the best we can do.”
***
Less than a minute after Llama and his men disappeared into the bunker; the Highlanders at ground level came under missile attack. Two Ogres were quickly reduced to flaming wrecks, as men scrambled for cover. Seconds later, the sound of engines could be heard approaching. Highlanders rushed to take up covered positions as the engines grew louder. Machine gun fire started raking the tough armor of the Ogres.
“Bone Splitters incoming! Get your people ready!” Aries called to his Officers over the command frequency. “Ghost, have Humpty get his mortars firing!”
“Hobbit and his people just displaced and are mobile!” Humpty shouted back. “It will take a couple of minutes to get them back up and ready to fire!”
“Fuck. Okay, get on it!” Aries spat. He switched over to the armor frequency. “Lucky, this is Aries!”
Flaherty answered immediately. “We’re already moving! Where would you like us?”
“I don’t know how many we’re dealing with, but if you can swing around and hit them from the east, it will allow my guys to use all their anti-armor systems without worrying about hitting your people.”
“Consider it done!” Flaherty acknowledged.
“Llama, this is Aries! SitRep!”
“Taking heavy fire from within the bunker complex!” Llama replied. “We can hold here, but we’re not going to be advancing much without some help.”
“Understood! You men hold your ground until we can deal with the attack up here. We’ll be along to help you as soon as possible!”
***
Corporal Hunger was leaning forward over the controls, trying to coax more speed out of the monstrous black tank. It reminded Flaherty so much of himself that he couldn’t help grinning. He keyed up the command frequency. “Aries, this is Lucky! We’re about thirty seconds from target location!”
Aries acknowledged quickly, “Good! Hurry up!”
Flaherty switched over to the platoon freq. “Weapons free, weapons free! If it’s not one of ours, you kill it.” Then, as an afterthought, he added. “I’ve got a case of Scotch for the gunner that racks up the most vehicle kills!”
Flaherty saw that First Sergeant King’s DEMON began to surge forward, gaining speed. King didn’t particularly care for Scotch, but he was all about the competition. The three DEMONs crested a small rise and there they were. Flaherty’s fire control computer quickly identified fifteen of the lightly armored Bone Splitters rolling across the front of the DEMONs line of advance, from right to left. They were advancing slowly toward the Highlanders position, gunners firing controlled bursts from pintle-mounted machine guns. Flaherty smiled. The machine guns were on the right-hand side of the Bone Splitters and the DEMONs were on the right. Most of them appeared to have already fired their anti-armor missiles. Flaherty was lost in the process of identifying and prioritizing targets, while simultaneously firing TRI-CAP missiles and the Infinity III cannon to deal with them. He was a flurry of motion, performing the tasks without thought. Corporal Hunger was getting his licks in, as well, but the roof-mounted cannon controlled by the driver lacked the punch of the weapons at the vehicle commander’s disposal. The DEMONs accelerated down the slope and drove through the center of the enemy formation. Lethal’s DEMON rolled right over a Bone Splitter, crushing the driver’s compartment. King’s DEMON tore a bloody swath through the rear of the enemy’s ranks. And then they were through.
“Wheel around and re-engage!” Flaherty ordered. Lethal’s DEMON was already doing so. Flaherty turned to check on King’s progress just in time to see a rocket slam into the rear of the crew cab, shredding the rear-facing communications station. Flaherty knew instantly that the man in that seat could not possibly have survived the blast. “Anybody see where that rocket came from?”
“I got ‘em, Captain!” Corporal Hunger shouted over the sound of his cannon blasting away. Flaherty checked his screen and saw a Bone Splitter erupt as Hunger’s fire found the sweet spot.
“Good shootin’, Jay!” Flaherty congratulated. “King! I need a SitRep! King!”
“Sterling is dead, Morris and I are ditchin’ the tank,” King finally responded.
Flaherty exhaled in relief. “Okay, get the hell out of there and link up with the Highlanders.”
Satisfied that King and his driver were safe, Flaherty turned his attention back to Lethal’s DEMON and found it halted in the middle of the battlefield. Bone Splitters lay burning all around and it took Flaherty a moment to realize that there were no more targets. “Shit. That’s all of them.”
“Lucky!” Aries shouted over the armor freq. “You’ve got infantry to your rear!”
“Turn us around, Jay!” Flaherty screamed. Nothing would ruin a tanker’s day faster than an infantryman with an anti-tank rocket.
“Holy shit!” Hunger muttered. Then the vehicle lurched forward and the driver’s cannon came to life. Flaherty opened up with his own cannon, saving the last two missiles in case there were more vehicles to deal with. Flaherty didn’t realize Hunger’s plan until they had closed within twenty feet of the infantry, who were now breaking ranks and running in the opposite direction.
As the first few SKAR troops died screaming under the charging DEMON’s treads, First Sergeant King’s voice broke over the comm. “Infantry doesn’t count towards your fuckin’ score, Corporal!”
“The bunker!” Lethal broke in. “They’re making for the bunker!”
Flaherty saw that he was right. During the fighting, a group of twelve or so SKAR soldiers were making their way toward the bunker entrance where Llama and his men were pinned down. “Shit! Jay, wheel us around! Get to the bunker!”
The infiltrators were taking heavy fire now from the Highlanders, who had caught on to their true intent. Flaherty thought that things appeared to be well in hand when twin gouts of flame shot forth and engulfed several of the closest Highlanders, turning them into bipedal torches.
“That’s Inferno!” Ghost called out.”Android! Suppressing fire!”
But as Android began to fire, he was himself engaged by several SKAR troops who were intent on covering their leader. Android was driven behind cover.
Inferno reached the entrance and extended an arm to send a jet of flaming napalm into the bunker interior. As he did, a flurry of small arms fire drove him back from the opening. Inferno hissed loudly and turned to face Morris, the driver of First Sergeant King’s crippled DEMON. Morris’ submachinegun had run dry and the man’s eyes grew wide as he hurried to grab a spare magazine. He managed to reload the weapon, but never got a shot off. Inferno’s eyes narrowed and his smile grew wide as he extended both arms and triggered twin fountains of flame that engulfed the young Ferret.
“Motherfucker!” King screamed as he hurled one of his custom-made tomahawks with everything he had. Inferno saw the spinning axe and instinctively raised his right arm as a shield. The tomahawk struck the arm and in doing so, severed the fuel line for the flamethrower gauntlet. Inferno screamed as the napalm washed over the wound. He tried to raise his left arm, but King had closed the distance. The second tomahawk caught Inferno’s good arm, trapping it as King delivered a crushing blow to the stomach. Inferno fell, but quickly rolled away from King. He managed to get off a short burst which caught the left leg of King’s coveralls King took two quick steps back and beat at the flames. Inferno scrambled to his feet, but instead of attacking, he turned to run. King threw his second tomahawk and struck the fuel tank centered on Inferno’s backpack, causing it to ignite. Inferno dropped to the ground, screaming. He was still screaming and thrashing when King calmly walked over, Morris’ submachinegun in hand.
“No prisoners,” the First Sergeant said as he pulled the trigger.

Chapter 59
“Darkseid! Android! Get your asses up to that bunker.” Ghost shouted.
Android looked at his squad leader and mumbled, “I love when he talks all sexy at us.”
Darkseid snickered as the two made their way across the burnt and blackened forest floor. They passed by Corporal Gundam, who was applying a dressing to First Sergeant King’s burnt leg. “Hey nice going, Top!” Android offered.
King nodded wearily and went back to cleaning blood from his tomahawks. Captain Flaherty and another Ferret Officer were talking with Aries near the bunker entrance. The group broke up and the two Ferrets ran to their respective DEMONs. Aries turned to the two Highlanders and sized them up.
“You men ready?” he asked.
“Yes, Sir!” they responded in unison, not really knowing what they were saying they were ready for.
Aries smiled. “Good. Get over to the bunker entrance. We’re going in to help out Captain Llama and his people. You two have the point.”
The grins on both of their faces melted away as they looked toward the charred entrance to the bunker. Sporadic small arms fire could be heard from inside. “Great,” Android muttered under his breath.
***
Ghost was unhappy about being left on the surface to coordinate the defense around the bunker. He knew that he’d been given the task because Aries trusted him to handle the assignment. Failure meant that the enemy would be following Aries down into the bunker, so it was no small matter. The two operation DEMONs were positioned at opposite sides of the small valley so that they could easily shift to repel an attack from any direction. The remainder of the Highlanders’ 1st Battalion was moving into a perimeter around the bunker. Sergeant Humpty had designated likely avenues of approach as on-call targets and the 60mm mortar crews were laid up on those targets. Gundam was doing his best to care for the wounded and there were gunships inbound to ferry out the more serious cases. All of which meant that there was exactly nothing left for Ghost to do but sit and wait.
***
Android made his way down the short corridor, firing short bursts from his MARS56A2. Darkseid was just slightly behind and to his right, armed with a MARS-240 flame unit. Each time they encountered a pocket of resistance, Android’s weapon would belch, causing the enemy to seek cover. While they were down, Darkseid would open up with the flame thrower, cooking them where they cowered. This tactic worked well until one of the SKAR troops managed to remember that he’d been issued grenades. While neither Highlander was badly wounded, they both absorbed enough shrapnel to ensure that they’d never fly commercial again without setting off the airport metal detector. This just served to make Android angry and he pressed forward with renewed purpose. Eventually, Hung moved forward to take Android’s place while he reloaded and allowed his barrel to cool. It took almost an hour to fight their way down fifty meters of corridor, but at last they reached what appeared to be a command center of sorts. Llama and Aries quickly went through the room while the others continued forward.
“Llama, hold them up.” Aries said as he stood staring at a large map on the wall.
“Shocker, this is Llama. Hold your position.” Llama walked over to the map. “What is it?”
“Look here,” Aries said, pointing. “This is where we came in. And now, we’re right here.”
“Jesus, this place is bigger than I expected,” Llama observed.
“Yeah, and look at this.”
“Aw, fuck me.”
“Exactly,” Aries said. “I need to get topside and coordinate coverage on those two sites before we go any further. Then, I think we need to start staging 2nd Battalion to assault through here properly.”
“I’ll hold everyone here, Sir,” Llama said. “You know, when we made it inside, I was starting to feel like we were close to finishing this.”
“I know,” Aries said. “Me too.”
***
Back on the surface, Aries went directly to his command Ogre and called in to the theater CP. After a brief delay, General Mayhem came on.”
“General, we’ve taken the first fifty meters of the bunker complex and what looks like a command center. Inside we found a map of the entire complex. I’m uploading a scan of the map now.”
Aries waited until Mayhem acknowledged that he was looking at the map.
“You can see where I marked our point of entry, as well as our current position,” Aries continued. “The sheer size of the complex is causing me to reevaluate now. I’m preparing my 2nd Battalion to make entry in squad-sized elements so that we can hold each segment we take. My concern is the enemy’s ability to reinforce via the two alternate entry points.”
“Yes, that would cause you some significant problems,” Mayhem agreed. “Give me a few minutes and I’ll get back to you.”
***
As his Razorback sped along the roadway, Sergeant Bing was pleased to finally be out of the capital. His platoon had been running patrols through the city streets since the capital had fallen to the Grenadier forces. It was necessary, but the fight was elsewhere and he longed to be where the action was. He’d received orders to proceed to a location approximately ten kilometers outside the capital and secure a bunker entrance against possible enemy use. His platoon of six vehicles should be more than enough to hold the position, but he had to get there before the enemy.
***
Approximately 200 kilometers above Kalistan, Captain Loc grinned behind the mirrored faceplate. Finally. The other men in his squad would be reading the same orders on the Heads-Up-Display (HUD) contained within their helmets. He turned toward them and waited until all eleven had acknowledged his signal. Then he turned slowly back toward the Earth and activated his booster pack’s thrusters to begin his descent.
***
“What do you have General?” Aries asked as Mayhem came back online.
“I deployed a platoon of Razorbacks to cover the western location,” he explained. “We had no one close to the southern site, so I’m dropping TARGATs in.”
“I trust that will suffice,” Aries agreed. “I’m going to begin moving troops into the complex. Can you advise when both units are in place?”
“Absolutely. Mayhem out.”
***
As she delivered another cart of food and drink, Penny wondered not for the first time what all the secrecy was about. The small group of men and women had been occupying the large party room in the rear of the pub for two days now, and she had not yet seen them take a break. Certainly, they were sleeping in ones and twos, but there had been people working nonstop throughout the entire time.
Once a day, a bearded man with dark hair arrived and met with the people for half an hour or so. Then he would leave without a word. Back to the castle, Penny imagined. Today was no different in that the man arrived and met with the people in the back room. But this time, the meeting was much shorter. The bearded man burst from the room and ran out of the building, almost knocking her over as he left. She wondered what could possibly be so important. And then she wondered for about the hundredth time or so, whether Sean was involved with whatever these people were working on.
***
As his Razorback rounded the final bend in their road, Sergeant Bing saw a cluster of armored vehicles parked along the roadside. Dammit!
“Bad guys beat us here, fellas!” he called over the platoon comm. “Let ‘em have it!”
Bing elevated the rear of his vehicle and his gunner went to work, the twin cannons pounding away. Bing loosed a pair of missiles and was gratified to see both targeted vehicles disappear, each in their own glorious fireball. The fight was over in less than twenty seconds. Eleven Bone Splitters were reduced to burning piles of scrap metal, whereas none of the Razorbacks had been scratched.
“Razorback six to CP”
General Mayhem answered almost immediately. “Go ahead, Sergeant.”
“We’re on site, Sir. The enemy beat us here, but we’ve engaged and eliminated them. No survivors, no prisoners.”
“Very good, Sergeant,” Mayhem said. “Establish a perimeter and hold the site until I can drop some infantry in there to augment your people.”
“Will do, Sir! Razorback six, out!”
Yes, this was shaping up to be a pretty good day after all.
***
Destro sat in the troop bay of his personal Razor, reading over the latest battlefield updates. The Darklonian Brigade continued to surge toward the capital city, crushing what little resistance it encountered. Metal-Head’s Brigade had likewise seen only limited action. On the other hand Scrap-Iron’s One Twelve Brigade and Aries’ Highlander Brigade had fought and bled for every yard of terrain they’d taken. Part of the bunker complex had been seized and the Highlanders were now taking steps to finish the job. Sergeant Bing’s razorback platoon had decimated a SKAR armored unit to take control of an alternate entrance to the bunker complex. The First DEMON Company was acquitting itself well across the theater of operations, accounting for fifteen Bone Splitters in one engagement and a combined forty-one in other skirmishes throughout the region. Wreckage had been captured. Inferno was dead. Destro mused that he might just have to find a way to thank First Sergeant King for that little bit of work, considering the damage that degenerate’s flamethrowers had done to the art within Castle Destro during SKAR’s ill-fated siege.
Destro looked down at the data pad in his hand and watched the blinking dot that represented his beloved. It was still moving, which he took to be a good sign. Unfortunately, it was moving ever further from the capital city and toward an area that had seen some of the heaviest fighting.
Just a little longer Ana, he promised her silently.
***
As Loc cleared the clouds, he was able to see his target below. His HUD flashed with a message from the CP. The Razorbacks sent to secure the other site had met with resistance. Shocking. Loc activated his helmet’s active scanners and magnified the target area. Judging from the number of man-sized objects running around the area, he assumed that this site would also offer resistance. Fine, he thought to himself, bring it.
What the TARGAT Captain didn’t count on was the anti-aircraft fire that his squad encountered a moment later.
***
“ -- Heavy fire! I say again, we’re taking heavy fire!” Loc’s voice sounded over the speakers in the Command Post. Mayhem swore under his breath. He’d sent the TARGATs because he didn’t have anyone that could get there faster. If they weren’t able to take and hold the site, the Highlanders might be facing a slaughter underground. Fortunately, he had a back-up plan. But the TARGATs would have to take target and hold it until that back-up arrived.
“Captain, I have reinforcements on the way,” Mayhem advised. “But it is imperative that you take that site. Do you copy?”
“Copy.”
Well, that was easy enough, Mayhem thought.
***
Fuckin’ idiot, Loc thought as he continued to fall toward the target area, anti-aircraft shells bursting in the air around his unit. That’s cool. You fuckers want a fight? Come get some.
Loc aimed his high energy hand laser and counted down, waiting until he was within range. Three, two, one... Loc began firing. He was shooting almost straight down, so he was sure of his accuracy.

Chapter 60
Back at the Command Post, General Mayhem swore under his breath as he watched another icon go dark, indicating that another TARGAT had been blown from the sky by enemy fire. Captain Loc had lost five of the twelve men he started with and they weren’t even on the ground yet.
***
Loc hit the ground and flipped violently, finally stopping against the trunk of a large tree. Landings were usually much more graceful, but his booster pack had been hit by shrapnel and afterward, the controls had been erratic to say the least. He began slapping at the quick releases for the booster pack’s harness, desperate to get free of the heavy thing before the SKAR troops found his range. His faceplate was shattered and so he discarded the now useless helmet. He could hear a heavy volume of small arms fire just to the north.
“Need a hand?”
Loc jerked free of the harness and scurried behind cover, only then looking to his left to see Lieutenant Zex grinning at him as he hunkered behind his own tree.
“How many made it down?” Loc asked as he checked over his hand laser. Everything appeared to be in working order.
Zex paused a moment, checking the HUD in his helmet before responding. “Looks like seven. Shit, make that six; Sweet Tooth just went dark. It sounds like the others all landed with Vapor on the north side of the objective. We’re just to the south east.”
Loc reached around the back of his neck until he found the comm bud that had become dislodged on impact. He stuffed it back into his ear and then called out. “Vapor, this is Loc. SitRep?”
“Engaged, Sir!” Sergeant Vapor responded. “I’ve got Roadkill, Hotshot and Sleazy with me. We’re just to the north of the objective!”
“Enemy strength?”
“About two platoons, Sir!”
Loc looked at Zex and saw the doubt in the other man’s face. None of them were cowards, but six men were not likely to last long against a force more than ten times their number. Zex keyed up. “Vapor, can you hold your position?”
“Until they work out the math, Sir,” Vapor responded. “Once they figure out how few of us there are, it won’t take them long to find their balls.”
“Okay, hold for as long as you can,” Loc told him, loading grenades into his rifle’s launcher as he spoke. “Higher will have help on the way, so this is now a holding action. We need to keep them away from the bunker entrance. Copy?”
“Got it, Sir!”
Loc finished loading the grenade launcher and looked up at Zex. “Ready?”
***
“Weasel!” Destro called from the troop bay. The Razor pilot turned in his seat to look back at him. “Take us down to treetop level and hold position.”
Weasel nodded his acknowledgement and the gunship began to slow. He was already flying very low, so it was a simple matter of pulling into a hover.
Captain Nirvana made his way over to where Destro stared at the tracker. “They’ve stopped.”
“My Laird!” Weasel called from the cockpit. “There appears to be a firefight underway a couple hundred meters to our west. We won’t be able to remain undetected long in this location.”
Destro immediately called back to the CP. “Mayhem, what do we have going on at grid seven seven three one eight seven?”
“My Laird, a squad of TARGATs is engaged with two platoons of SKAR troops,” Mayhem replied.  “They are attempting to deny the SKAR troops access to one of the secondary entrances to the underground bunker complex.”
“Understood,” Destro replied.
***
Loc winced as he continued firing at the SKAR troops creeping toward the bunker entrance. The gunshot wound to his side was almost certainly not fatal, but it hurt like hell. He wasn’t bleeding much, but he was starting to think that perhaps a rib had been broken.
“Roadkill is down!” Vapor called out over the comm. “Hotshot, shift fire to cover the left!”
The volume of fire intensified to the north and Loc wondered how much longer they could stay in the fight. Sleazy had died a few minutes earlier and now Roadkill was down. Vapor hadn’t said anything, but something had changed in his tone and Loc suspected that he’d been wounded as well. 
Loc’s ear bud crackled with static and then a voice unmistakably belonging to Destro broke in. “Take cover, Grenadiers.”
Moments later, the entire forest seemed to explode. Loc hugged the ground and tried to squirm close to a fallen tree for cover. The maelstrom lasted for just under a minute and then Loc heard the telltale whine of an AGP’s engines as it swooped past. You never heard an AGP coming, he remembered, only after it had passed you. Loc scrambled to his knees to see a Razor gunship settling into a clearing that hadn’t been there a minute earlier.
“Zexy! Let’s go!” he yelled as he was up and running. Zex followed closely behind.
As they neared the gunship, its troop door swung open and a pair of black armored Nullifiers jumped from the opening. They landed poised for action, submachinegun in each hand and swept the clearing for threats. Loc and Zex stopped short as the gunship settled to the ground. Captain Nirvana stepped from the aircraft, submachineguns at the ready. Destro followed closely behind. 
“Captain Loc,” Destro shouted over the noise of the gunship’s engines. “Did any of them make it inside?”
“Negative, my Laird.” he said, with no small amount of pride.
“Excellent!” Destro said. “Can your unit hold this location until reinforcements arrive?”
Loc smiled through the pain. “Absolutely, my Laird.”
“Good man.” Destro said before turning to Nirvana. “Get that door open, Captain.”
“Right away, my Laird!”
***
General Mayhem dropped into a chair and felt the relief wash over him as he sat listening to the radio chatter. He was a warrior and he always found it enormously difficult to stand by and listen to the radio while men fought and died on the other end.
“General,” a Communications Officer interrupted. “Urgent traffic from Colonel Masque, Sir.”
Mayhem took the transcript and scanned it. His breath caught and he forced himself to stop and re-read it carefully. This just kept getting better and better.
***
“Llama, this is Aries. We’re all clear. Get them moving.”
Aries had just finished speaking with General Mayhem and was preparing to re-enter the bunker complex. As he walked from his command Ogre, he noticed the two Iron Maidens, Scythe and Moira, standing near the entrance.
“What can I do for you ladies?” he asked. 
Aries couldn’t remember ever hearing Scythe speak, so it was no surprise when Moira answered him. “We’re going to accompany you down. I trust we won’t be in your way.”
“I certainly hope not,” Aries grunted. “Follow me.”
Aries didn’t consider himself a chauvinist. He had no heartache with a woman wanting to do a job, so long as she was actually capable of doing it. However, he could count on one hand the number he’d encountered over the years that were actually tough enough to make it as a Highlander. He led them down the narrow corridor to the command center where he and Llama had found the map. There he found Llama waiting for him.
“We’ve started moving,” he reported. “Shock and Reaper are on point. No contact yet.”
Aries nodded. “Okay, then. Let’s get this done.”
***
General Mayhem grew increasingly irate as he failed to reach Destro. It seemed that once they entered the bunker complex, radio communications were questionable at best. He’d tried repeatedly to reach his Laird before delegating the task to a Communications Officer. As he paced, an idea presented itself and he dug his secure phone from his pocket.
“Natasha,” he said as she picked up. “Where are you right now?”
***
Nirvana led the way through the narrow corridor, his movement fluid, almost cat-like, the combat light mounted to his submachinegun illuminating their path. Destro and the other two Nullifiers followed a short distance behind. Destro had wanted to lead the group himself, but had relented when Nirvana pointed out that he couldn’t watch the tracker and walk point at the same time. The signal had not started moving again, and Destro’s anxiety grew as they closed in on it. He willed Nirvana to move faster. Just a little longer, Ana.
***
Shock saw the movement just before the firing began.
“Ambush front!” he shouted, as he pressed the trigger of his MARS-41A, sending a long burst downrange. His aim was true and the soldier who’d moved fell without firing a shot. His dozen or so comrades picked up the slack for him and Shock hugged the wall. There was nowhere to take cover. The only choices were move forward or move back. “Hung! Suppressive fire!”
Hung’s weapon began to chatter away, making an immediate difference in the fight.
“WarDog! Kung! On me!” he shouted, moving up the left side of the corridor as Hung’s fire filled the air on the right. Hung kept up the suppression until he saw that Shock’s group had nearly reached the ambushers. The instant he stopped firing, Shock lunged forward and was in among the enemy, firing into them at point-blank range, his thick Shock Trooper armor absorbing numerous rounds. WarDog and Kung followed Shock into the melee, but there was little work for them. They caught up to Shock as he was changing magazines. Despite the helmet and facemask, both men would have sworn that Shock was grinning. “Next time, one of you boys can take the lead.”
***
“How much farther?” Werecat asked as he drove. 
“Another two hundred meters,” Lace replied from the passenger seat, her eyes fixed on the GPS unit. “It’ll be on your right. Just look for the razorbacks.”
Behind them, Natasha and the rest of the Undertow team were crammed into the H3. Vulcan called out from the rear seat. “Mayhem called ahead to let these guys know we’re coming, right?”
Natasha rolled her eyes. “I told you already, he said that he would.”
“What?” Vulcan complained. “It pays to be cautious.”
Werecat slowed and pulled the vehicle off the road as he saw the first of the Razorbacks. He pulled up alongside a Grenadier and asked, “Where’s Sergeant Bing?”
The man pointed up the slope and Werecat hit the gas. Another fifty meters up the slope; they saw the bunker entrance, smoke still rising from it where the dual cannons of a Razorback had blown the door open. Doors flew open before the Hummer had fully stopped and the team piled out.
A Wild Boar with a shaved head stepped forward. “Just as you requested, I trust?”
ShowTime stepped forward and shook Sergeant Bing’s hand quickly. “Thanks for the assist. It was a lot faster than we would have been with rigging breaching charges.”
“No problem,” Bing said. “We’ve got your backs up here. You guys watch your asses down there.”
ShowTime nodded his thanks and jogged toward the bunker entrance, AK-47 at the low ready. As soon as he passed the threshold, the weapon came up and his eyes were alert, hunting. His team followed behind.
After they were gone, Bing’s gunner shook his head. “Man, those guys are crazy.”
Bing smiled as he looked at the smoking entrance. “Yeah... fuckin’ Aquamen.”
***
Nirvana help up a fist, and the group froze. He had reached the end of the long corridor and was looking at a steel door. He lifted his helmet’s louvered visor as Destro made his way forward.
“What’s the tracker say, my Laird?”
Destro checked the device and swallowed hard. “She’s on the other side of the door. Less than fifty meters.”
“Okay, please step back my Laird. I’ll check the door for booby traps and then we’ll get in there.”
Destro laid a gauntleted hand on Nirvana’s shoulder. “I’m not going anywhere, Captain. Now check the door and let’s get moving.”
Nirvana shut the visor and turned back toward the door. “Here goes nothing.”

Chapter 61
“How much farther?” Lace asked, breathing heavily as she ran.
ShowTime looked down at the GPS navigator in his hand. “About five hundred meters!”
The team ran on, desperate to reach Destro before it was too late.
***
Nirvana shoved the steel door open and rushed through the opening, followed closely by his fellow Nullifiers. Destro strode quickly behind them. The room was cavernous, like an underground warehouse. The Nullifiers swept the room for threats, quickly determining that the room was empty save for the lone figure bound to a wooden chair in the center of the floor.
Destro gasped audibly. Anastasia. She was unconscious, but did not appear to have been harmed. He looked around, then upward and spotted the CCTV cameras. He cursed to himself, knowing now, as he had suspected all along, that it had been an elaborate game designed to get him here. And yet here he was, playing along to Iron Klaw’s tune.
“Show yourself, Klaw!” he bellowed. “This is what you wanted, isn’t it?”
Over a hidden intercom, Iron Klaw laughed. “You know nothing of what I want, McCullen!”
High above, a door opened and Iron Klaw stepped out onto the catwalk that ringed the room. He began walking slowly along the catwalk, aware that the Nullifiers awaited only their Laird’s command to open fire, but not seeming to care.
“What I want,” Iron Klaw rasped through the steel of his mask, “is justice.”
“Your mind can’t begin to understand the concept of justice,” Destro shot back. “What you want is revenge. Revenge for whatever slights you mistakenly believe I’ve visited upon you.”
“NOT mistakenly!” Iron Klaw screamed. “I know your people took the Chomo Lungma facility. Did they not find what we left behind?”
“The so-called super soldier program,” Destro acknowledged. Raven had stepped out onto the catwalk, as well, strolling in the opposite direction cradling a high-powered rifle. Several SKAR soldiers accompanied her. Destro ignored them, fixated on Iron Klaw. “Yes, I’m aware of it. The project supervisor went rogue and it became an atrocity. My father ended the program, but there was no way to undo the damage. What is it you expect from me?”
“I expect you to answer for what your family has done! I expect you to know the suffering your clan inflicts around the world, stirring up conflict where none exists. Always arming both sides to maximize your profits.”
Destro could see that fury had consumed Iron Klaw. Whatever calculating logic he’d possessed was gone in the face of his burning rage. There would be no reasoning with him.
“And you’re one to teach lessons?” Destro countered. “You’ve killed hundreds of my people in cold blood.”
“Hired killers,” Iron Klaw spat. “You know the old saying, ‘those who live by the sword’? They got what they deserved.” 
“And what was Count von Rani’s crime?” Destro pushed, probing.
“He was a lackey!” Iron Klaw hissed. “He would have made us slaves to the West! Whores to be used by the American puppet masters and then discarded.”
His use of the word ‘us’ did not escape Destro. “As opposed to being your slaves?”
“Don’t pretend to understand my intentions, McCullen! I would see Kalistan restored to glory!”
Destro laughed. “Kalistan has never known glory,” he said disdainfully. “It is an insignificant speck in the world. Its people are weak, cowardly... spineless.”
Iron Klaw had reached a small freight lift. He stepped onto its platform and pressed a button on the small control box. The lift began to descend. Destro turned to face his adversary.
“I will show you just how weak and spineless we are,” Iron Klaw said smugly as the lift reached the floor and he stepped off. “And if you should defeat me, you are free to take your woman and leave this place.”
“The Baroness goes free regardless of the outcome,” Destro stated flatly.
“I’m afraid not. Because before I kill you, McCullen, I’m going to make you watch her die.”
“And what’s to stop me from just taking her and leaving now?”
Iron Klaw laughed. “Is that your clever way of asking if the chair is booby-trapped? Or if there is some fail-safe preventing you from scooping her up and running away to safety? No. Your precious honor demands that you face me as a man.”
Destro smoothly drew his pistol and aimed it at Iron Klaw’s head. “I do value my honor,” he said. “But not at the cost of her life.”
Iron Klaw nodded his head and clapped slowly. “I see that Raven was right about you,” he said appreciatively. “And that is why she’s here.”
Destro looked up to see that Raven now stood above them, her rifle aiming down at the Baroness. The SKAR troops were standing at the ready. He looked back at Iron Klaw. “Very well.”
***
Llama fired another burst and the last of the SKAR ambushers went down. He looked up to see Aries striding toward him.
“We need to move faster,” the taller man said.
“What’s changed?”
“A runner just reached me with news from topside. Apparently the Baroness was abducted and Laird Destro has pursued her into this complex. Mayhem sent a team in from the other side to locate him. He wants us to step it up and do the same from this end.”
Llama turned and began walking briskly toward the next corridor. “Shock, Reaper, Hung - let’s move. Highlanders, fall in behind.”
***
Hunter One, this is Mayhem.”
Flaherty jumped when he heard the Russian General’s voice in his ear piece. “Go ahead, Sir.”
“I want you to mount up and proceed with all possible haste to grid seven seven three one eight seven. Do you copy?”
As he was listening, Flaherty reached over the back of the driver’s seat and smacked the top of Corporal Hunger’s helmet. Hunger looked back at Flaherty, who made a circling motion with his finger. Hunger dropped back into his seat and cranked the engine.
“Understood, Sir. What are we expecting to find there?” Flaherty asked as he started pulling on his crash webbing.
“Laird Destro is in the field and is likely to require assistance at or near those coordinates,” Mayhem responded. “I will brief you further as I know more.”
“On our way, Sir!”
Flaherty switched to the platoon frequency. “Saddle up boys, we’re moving.”
***
“We’re close,” ShowTime said, trying to catch his breath as he checked the GPS. “Very close. But I don’t see anything. Fan out, look for a door.”
The team dispersed through the corridor, looking for hidden entrances or some sign that they were in the right place. 
***
Destro turned toward Nirvana and said quietly. “Keep your distance and do not interfere. No matter what happens, you’re to get her out of here alive. Do you understand?”
Nirvana nodded.
Destro faced Iron Klaw. The SKAR leader had drawn a nasty-looking dual saber and attached it to his right forearm. Destro drew his own sword. Iron Klaw emitted a low growling sound and then charged. He slashed at Destro’s head, but the blow was easily parried. Destro was an experienced swordsman, whereas his initial attack indicated that Iron Klaw likely was not. Destro turned, keeping his enemy to his front, body angled, awaiting the next move. He didn’t have to wait long. Iron Klaw took three quick steps and slashed again. Destro’s parry was followed quickly by a riposte that caught Iron Klaw on the undersize of his mask, near the jaw line. Had he not been pulling back already, Destro would likely have taken his head off.
***
The two DEMONs raced down the roadway, Flaherty briefing his men via radio as they drove. Corporal Hunger pushed the DEMON like a man possessed. As they neared their destination, Flaherty’s threat indicator started beeping.
“Heads up!” he called over the comm.
“Airborne threat!” Lethal cried. “Looks like a squadron!”
The Grenadiers hadn’t seen any of SKAR’s Sky Stalker aircraft thus far, but it appeared that they were bringing everything to the table now.
“Hunter One to CP, we have Sky Stalkers overhead. I say again Sky Stalkers overhead!”
“Hunter One this is Guard Four,” a deep voice answered. “We have your targets and are engaging. Proceed to your assigned location.”
Flaherty checked his screen and saw four new contacts. The newcomers were showing up as AGP’s on his IFF. He knew that the ‘Guard’ call-sign identified the pilot as one of Destro’s Elite Guard.
“Okay, you heard the man,” Flaherty told his men. “The Nullifiers will take care of the air threat. Let’s focus on the ground.”
As the DEMONs rounded a bend, they saw their objective - the alternate bunker entrance through which Destro and his guards had passed. The two vehicles were positioned to either side of the entrance, facing outward. Flaherty jumped down from his vehicle’s armored crew cab and jogged over to where Captain Loc was standing with Lieutenant Zex.
“Gentlemen,” he said by way of greeting as he pulled off his helmet. Flaherty looked around at the large number of bodies wearing skull masks. “It appears that you guys know how to throw a party!”
***
Destro was biding his time. Iron Klaw was ridiculously strong, but Destro knew he was the better swordsman, and he hoped to stretch the engagement out long enough for Iron Klaw to grow weary and make a mistake. But if anything, it was Destro that was tiring and Iron Klaw seemed to be getting stronger. As Destro prepared to counter another of Iron Klaw’s amateurish attacks, he never saw his opponent’s left hand coming around in a wild haymaker. The gauntlet struck the right side of Destro’s jaw. The Beryllium steel mask prevented any real harm, but the blow hurt more than Destro could recall experiencing from a blow to the head. He was dazed momentarily and Iron Klaw closed the distance, putting a boot into Destro’s chest and knocking him from his feet.
The sword clattered from his grip. Destro looked up and saw Nirvana begin to move. He held out a hand and shouted, “No!”
Nirvana stopped, but Iron Klaw pressed his advantage, stomping a boot down on Destro’s right hand as he groped for his sword. Destro felt bones break as he stifled a cry.
“Fool!” Iron Klaw sneered. “Did you really think yourself my superior? Haven’t you realized that the super soldier program was not the failure your father claimed it to be?”
“Let me guess,” Destro said, biting back the pain. “You were one of those mewling babes stolen from his bed in the dead of night and experimented on?”
Iron Klaw raised his cleated boot to stomp again, when the sound of automatic weapons fire filled the room. Destro instinctively looked to the Baroness and saw Nirvana running toward her while firing at something overhead. Raven. He couldn’t tell whether the Nullifier’s rounds had found their mark, but the man did succeed in placing himself between the Baroness and her would-be executioners. Several rounds glanced off the black armor as he hunched over her protectively. Destro grimaced as he pulled himself up on all fours. Iron Klaw! He turned back to his enemy and saw the flash of his cape as he disappeared into the corridor.
***
Werecat fired a long burst and two more of the SKAR thugs met their end. Lace was making her way toward the nearest ladder, eyes fixed on the Baroness’ still form below. Natasha was moving steadily along the catwalk, firing her sniper rifle at targets on the opposite side of the large room. Werecat met ShowTime’s eyes and he inclined his head toward Lace. Show nodded and kept firing. Werecat ran to the ladder and covered Lace as she climbed down. As she reached the ground, it was over. Nirvana was lying on top of the Baroness, as the other two Nullifiers tried to keep Destro down for his own safety. He fought his way to her side and rolled Nirvana off. She opened her eyes and as he pulled her to him, Destro released the breath that he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.
Lace skidded to a halt beside them. “My Laird, is she -“
“Yes,” he said quietly. “She’s fine.”

Chapter 62
Werecat checked Nirvana and found that the huge Nullifier was unconscious. The floor was slick with blood and he hurried to find the source. Rolling him onto his side, Werecat found two gunshot wounds to the man’s upper back. “Cake! Get down here!” he shouted, frantically searching for the armor’s release catches. 
Lace moved to Werecat’s side. “How is he?”
“He’s losing a lot of blood!” Werecat shouted in frustration. “And I can’t get this fuckin’ armor off.”
“Move!” One of the other Nullifiers shoved Werecat aside and deftly hit a series of four release snaps. Nirvana’s armor fell open and the man threw it aside as Cake arrived. He dropped his med-pack and ripped open a side pouch, pulling pressure dressings from it. He handed one to the Nullifier and began applying a second one himself.
Werecat stood and looked around. Everything seemed to be moving at half speed. Vulcan was still on the catwalk, checking the bodies of the SKAR soldiers there, every so often firing a ‘security’ round into one of them to make sure they were actually dead. Natasha was on the other side of the catwalk, performing the same grisly task. Destro and the Baroness were still locked in an embrace, oblivious to the happenings around them. ShowTime had reached the floor and was hurrying toward Werecat, reloading as he moved.
“Cat! Iron Klaw’s on the move. Let’s go!” 
With all the subtlety of a car crash, the world snapped back into focus and Werecat was running hard toward the doorway, immediately behind ShowTime. 
***
The Highlanders had arrived in a medical research lab. From the pristine condition of the equipment there, it was clear that the facility had seen recent use. At the far end of the lab, there was another door. Aries tried it, but it wouldn’t budge. He quickly examined the heavy steel handle and saw that it had been spot-welded in place. He could hear the gunfire on the opposite side of the door and tried to think quickly.
“Android!” he shouted. The enormous Highlander appeared at his side and Aries jerked a thumb toward the door. “I need this open right now!”
Android nodded and gripped the handle with both of his cybernetic hands. With what appeared to be minimal effort, he twisted and the handle broke free with a metallic clang. He tossed the handle aside and grabbed the edges of the door, forcing it open. His fellow Highlanders surged past him, their weapons at the ready.
As Aries stepped through the doorway, he saw two Undertows sprinting toward another door on the wall to the right. “Llama!”
“I see them!” Llama was already running; his Death Dealers close behind.
***
The screeching of a metal door being forced open brought Destro back to the here and now. As he looked up, he saw Highlanders pouring into the room. Aries was striding toward him, directing his men as he moved. Destro stood and helped the Baroness up.
“My Laird!” Aries called as he pulled off his helmet. “Are you alright? Where were the Undertows going?”
Destro ignored the first question, looking toward the door through which Iron Klaw had disappeared. “They’ve gone after Iron Klaw!”
Destro picked up his sword and winced at the pain it caused to grip it. He sheathed the blade and started toward the door at a jog. “Nullifiers, stay with the Baroness. Come Aries! It’s time to finish this.”
***
Flaherty knew something was wrong when he saw Loc’s expression change suddenly. The TARGAT Captain lifted his hand laser and fired, but Iron Klaw managed to evade the azure beam as he emerged from the bunker entrance. He raised his own weapon and fired. Flaherty couldn’t tell what manner of weapon it was, but it didn’t seem to fire bullets - more like an odd energy burst of some sort. The blast caught Loc fully in the chest and sent him flying backward almost ten feet.
Flaherty and Zex opened fire, advancing toward Iron Klaw. Some of their rounds struck home, but seemed to have little effect as Iron Klaw slashed at Zex with the dual blades on his right arm. The TARGAT dodged to the right, but Iron Klaw moved impossibly fast and the blades still managed to catch his side, ripping through the ballistic armor. Zex screamed as he fell. Flaherty moved to his left, trying to stay out of the reach of the blades, while firing short, controlled bursts into Iron Klaw’s torso. He could hear a DEMON shifting gears behind him and backpedaled quickly. Iron Klaw advanced toward him and Flaherty dove suddenly to his right. Lethal fired his DEMON’s Infinity III cannon and the ground erupted at Iron Klaw’s feet, throwing him into the air. He landed hard some twenty feet away and immediately began struggling to his feet. ShowTime and Werecat emerged from the bunker entrance, firing as they came. Flaherty shook his head to clear it and felt himself being hauled roughly to his feet. Corporal Hunger was yelling for him to move, but Flaherty’s ears were still ringing from the blast. Hunger pulled his Captain back toward their vehicle, firing his submachinegun one-handed. First Sergeant King was firing his own weapon and advancing toward Iron Klaw, as the Undertows closed from another side. As he reloaded, Flaherty realized that Iron Klaw was now bleeding badly from a number of wounds. He staggered to his feet and clenched his fists above his head, screaming unintelligibly in rage. Llama emerged from the bunker entrance and fired his rifle’s grenade launcher. The round caught Iron Klaw in the small of the back and detonated, cart wheeling him through the air. He landed hard on his side and didn’t move, save for the movement of his ragged breathing.
The momentary silence was unsettling. None of the Grenadiers had ever seen a person take such punishment and keep fighting. They held their weapons ready, half expecting their foe to get up again and continue the fight. Destro rushed out of the bunker entrance and stared for a moment. When he began to move toward Iron Klaw, his Grenadiers closed in, as well. Destro reached the man’s side and got down on one knee. He rolled Iron Klaw onto his back and stared down at him for a moment. Then, he reached down with his good hand and pulled the mask away. Beneath it, Iron Klaw’s face was unimpressive. Someone you’d pass by and not give a second glance.
His eyes opened and after a moment, he met Destro’s stare.
“It’s not over, McCullen,” he rasped.
“It’s over for you,” Destro whispered as he pushed the long blade of his combat knife up into the soft tissue under Iron Klaw’s jaw. Blood sprayed over Destro’s hand and the man’s body spasmed, feet drumming against the ground as he died.
When it was done, Destro stood shakily, leaving the knife buried in the man’s head. Aries made his way to his Laird’s side and walked with him back to the bunker entrance.
***
Destro was escorted to the medical research lab, but showed little interest. Instead, he collected the Baroness and they flew back to the Command Post at the Kalistani Palace.
After cleaning up, Destro summoned his senior commanders; General Mayhem, Aries, Metal-Head, Scrap-Iron and Darklon. When all were present, the room was sealed.
Destro looked around the table at the faces. “Have we located Raven yet?” he asked.
Mayhem leaned forward. “Not yet, my Laird. We are still looking.”
Destro waved his left hand dismissively. “Call off the search, General. We won’t find her in the time we have left. I want to thank you all for your efforts this past year and in particular during the past week. I have asked a lot of you, and you’ve all delivered. Well done.”
He paused before continuing. “I trust that our wounded have already departed?”
“Yes,” Mayhem confirmed. “The last of them were flown out about twenty minutes ago, my Laird.”
“Very good,” Destro replied. “That leaves us with the job of cleaning up the mess we’ve made here. Metal-Head has already been tasked with the destruction of the bunker complex, which is to be completed as quickly as possible.”
Mayhem spoke up. “But my Laird, the research is -”
“Dangerous.” Destro finished for him. “Far too dangerous. I’ve thought quite a lot about this and my decision is final. Nothing may be removed. Everything is to be destroyed. I am determined to put to rest what my father failed to bury so many years ago.”
Metal-Head nodded. “I understand, my Laird. The Detonator teams are already working and we should be ready to go within the next two hours.”
“General Mayhem,” Destro continued. “You are tasked with overseeing the retrograde of troops, which is to begin immediately upon completion of this meeting. I just spoke with Hawk and he tells me that the American President has finally decided to act. They will begin landing troops within the next few hours to ‘stabilize’ the country. We will be prepared to turn over the palace to Flint’s team within the next ninety minutes, and we’ll be headed for the Darklonian border before the American troops begin arriving in strength.”
Mayhem looked mildly unhappy at this news, but acknowledged nonetheless. “It shall be as you command, my Laird.”
“Darklon, as soon as we finish here, you will return to Darklonia and coordinate the airlift of personnel back to Scotland,” Destro said.
Darklon nodded in acknowledgement. He also had mixed feelings about the destruction of the bunker complex, but knew better than to voice his opinion on the matter.
“Scrap-Iron, you will remain behind to assist General Mayhem with whatever he needs.”
“Of course, my Laird.”
Finally Destro reached the last of the commander present. “Aries, you will assume command of my Elite Guard until such time as Captain Nirvana is back on his feet. Make your XO aware that he will have the Brigade until you return.”
Aries nodded once.
“All of you, make sure that the men know how pleased I am with their performance and let them know that there will be substantial bonuses awarded upon our return to Scotland. Dismissed.”
***
Metal-Head was as good as his word and the bunker complex housing the super soldier program was detonated just over ninety minutes later. Destro and the Baroness watched from the Razor gunship as the earth collapsed in on the rooms and corridors, marking where the facility had once existed. Satisfied, Destro leaned back against his seat and looked over at the Baroness, who sat beside him. “My dear, I believe I am getting to be too old to engage in single combat.”
She smiled at him. “Nonsense. A little sleep and you’ll be just fine.”
Destro closed his eyes and was asleep almost immediately. Aries closed the privacy curtains and walked forward to the cockpit to speak to Weasel.
“Head for home. And take your time.”

###
I hope that you’ve enjoyed this ebook and that you’ll consider joining me at http://castledestro.blogspot.com for the continued adventures of these characters. Thank you!
