
       JUSTIFICATION FOR KILLING

(Adventures of the Scarburg Family)

by
Larry Hunt

Published at Smashwords
Printed in USA
Copyright © 2013 by : Larry Hunt
Cover Design Copyright © Laura Shinn
ISBN-13: 978-1480151802
ISBN-10: 1480151807


All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

Justification For Killing is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. In some instances actual facts and names are interspersed within the fictional account. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. Further note: this IS a work of fiction; it is not intended for use by serious researchers. The author has taken liberty with names – leaving some as history has named, changing others, altered places, events and sequences of event. In short, the author made the historical events fit the fictional storyline. Extensive use of the report of “President’s Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy”, commonly called the Warren Commission (WC), Nov 29, 1963 has been used through out to lend credence to the plot of the story. In some instances the WC testimony and conclusions were used exactly as originally published; in other instances the author added to, subtracted from or embellished the WC findings.

To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven:
A time to be born, and a time to die...
(Ecclesiastes Chapter 3, Verses 1-2)

Chapter One
FLIGHT TO BANGKOK

Cathay Pacific Flight 6073’s path of flight was directly over the North Pole heading toward the setting sun. Its blinding rays were directly in the pilot’s eyes - even the polarized sunglasses did not offer much protection. “How long before we make a course correction and turn south over Russia? I’ll be glad to get this blinding sun out of my eyes,” complained Captain Haskell Hunter, a veteran pilot of over twenty-eight years.
The young co-pilot, Donald Walker, sitting in the right seat, turned to the old flier and remarked, “Captain, we have more to worry about than the sun in our eyes, just received an urgent weather alert - there is a large, weather system moving across Russia. It will move directly across our route as we fly south, and by the reports I’m getting, it’s a mean one! Oh! To answer your question Captain - course correction in twelve minutes, twenty seconds.”
“Can we go around the storm?”
“Afraid not Captain. I’ve just checked the International Flight Route Agreement. We are only allowed a deviation of fifty miles from our scheduled flight plan. This monster of a storm will swallow fifty miles and spit it back at us. What about going over?”
 “Negative, cloud tops are above six oh thousand (60,000) feet. We cannot get above four three thousand (43,000) safely as you know Donald.”
“Yeah, right Captain, just thinking out loud trying to convince myself my numbers might be wrong. I guess we will just batten down the hatches, and fly through the beast the best we can.”
It had been an hour or so since the Captain had announced their entrance into the Russian airspace on their way to the People’s Republic of China. All the passengers in First Class, Business and Economy, were settled back watching movies, reading, snacking, sleeping or toying with their laptops. Their world was warm, peaceful and quiet - up front in the cockpit a totally different scenario was beginning to play out.

COLLISION! COLLISION!

Around 8 p.m. the storm had totally blanketed the Chek Lap Chuk airport in Hong Kong. A growing backlog of planes circling above waiting to land had continued to increase. A couple of planes, both from Cathay Pacific also, had made requests for emergency landings, as they began to run dangerously low on fuel. A number of other aircraft from different carriers were being diverted from Hong Kong to airports on the Chinese mainland and to the island of Taiwan, northeast of Hong Kong.
At that moment in the skies above Russia the same beast of a blizzard was taking a tremendous toil on Captain Hunter’s “Triple Seven” as the Boeing 777 was called. It was being tossed from side to side like a rag doll. One moment the plane was flying level, the next it was yawing at a forty or forty-five degree angle. The passengers were hysterical. Someone yelled, “We are going to die!” Another and another could be heard praying out loud... “Our Father, Which Art in Heaven...” A couple more had their rosary beads in their hands. 
As soon as the Captain could gain control and steady the aircraft another blast of turbulence would cause the plane to drop hundreds of feet. The aircraft then caught an updraft and just as swiftly ascended a couple of hundred feet. The passengers were scared; they weren’t the only ones, Captain Hunter and Co-pilot Walker were sweating bullets too.
Without warning, if the turbulence, thunder, lightning and snow weren’t enough, the computerized female voice of the Traffic Collision Avoidance System (TCAS) cockpit alarm began blaring out an emergency ‘Traffic Advisory’: “Warning! Warning! Execute evasive maneuver immediately! Warning! Warning!”
Sam Lin and Si Lei Kim’s Fight 6073 was on a direct head-on collision course with an Airbus A330 in-route from Hong Kong to New York.
Captain Hunter immediately switched on his landing lights, hoping the on-rushing pilot would be able to see his Boeing 777. Both Captain Hunter and Mr. Walker peered intently through the snow-covered, windshield searching for the source of the TCAS warning. The co-pilot scanned the radar screen. “There he is! There... there,” pointing with his finger at the display as though that would enable Captain Hunter to see the on rushing plane. Captain Hunter was scared; he brow was wet, and a bead of sweat had formed at the tip of his nose. Yes, he was scared, not so much for his own safety, but he had 350 souls on his Boeing’s manifest and there were, at least, another 300 plus on the Airbus. Combined, the count was over 650 passengers and crew, hurling toward each other on a deadly collision course in the skies over Russia. No one had ever survived a crash between two jumbo jets at their altitude, and at their speed. He knew the result was going to be an instant, painful death to all the passengers and crew on both planes. 
 The planes were now less than five miles from each other, and the distance between them was closing, and closing fast. The distance between the two blips on the radar screen was getting closer and closer to each other as well.
For some unknown reason, the oncoming Airbus’s TCAS alarm was not working properly, or there was something terribly wrong with its crew. Possibly they had taken a direct lightening strike. The reason was unimportant at this very moment. What was important – a head on collision was imminent. 
Both airliners, the Cathay Pacific 6073 and the Airbus, feature electronic or digital instrument displays known in the industry as ‘glass-cockpits’. These cockpits take the form of large LCD screens, not the old style dials and gauges. The earlier, traditional cockpits relied on mechanical gauges for information. No such gauges on these modern cockpits, they look more like something from a video game. Flight information is displayed as needed; however, Captain Hunter knew over fifty blackout incidents had occurred in the Airbus with glass-cockpits since the Airbus fleet came on line. A serious glass-cockpit blackout can cause the loss of half of a plane’s Electronic Centralized Aircraft Monitor (ECAM) system. The ECAM monitors the aircrafts functions and relays them to the pilot, it will also display failure messages. In certain cases, the pilot is instructed as to corrective procedures, which must be taken to correct the problem. It affects all displays as well as all radio, transponder, TCAS, and altitude indicators.
Was losing ECAM bad? Bad was not a serious enough word to describe this life or death situation! A jet airliner, hurling through the air at over 400 mph, the results can be catastrophic. At this speed, the two planes were closing the distance between each other at the rate of a mile every five seconds. Captain Hunter realized a head-on collision was to occur within seconds, and he and his co-pilot were going to be the first on the scene. That was an extremely unsettling thought.
Switching on the ‘Fasten Seat Belts’ sign Captain Hunter grabbed the intercom and yelled... yes yelled. He knew the manual said to remain calm, but the author of the book had never been in the cockpit of a 300-ton missile flying over half the speed of sound, which was aimed directly at another missile of equal size and speed. “Prepare for collision!! Prepare for collision!!” He yelled loudly. In the passenger compartment, flight attendants, recognizing the tone of the Captain’s voice, literally dropped trays of food and drinks, and began running up and down the aisle instructing the passengers in the proper crash positions before impact.
Needless to say, the Kim brothers were now wide-awake. Shaking with fright Si Lei yelled back, “Sam Lin! Did the Captain say collision?” 
Without answering Sam Lin began grabbing their winter coats from the overhead storage bin. “Put your coat on immediately, fasten your safety belt tightly, put your pillow in your lap and bend over and place your head on it. Now!! Do it now Si Lei!!” 
Back in the cockpit Captain Hunter could see the oncoming Airbus in the flashes of lightening and blowing snow. He pushed hard on the yoke and right rudder causing the giant aircraft to begin a descent and a roll to the right, but Captain Hunter had been flying too many years - he knew a collision was inevitable - the plane was just too large and cumbersome to avoid crashing head-on into the oncoming Airbus. The moment of impact was just a couple of seconds away. Captain Hunter realized the inevitable. Turning toward his co-pilot he softly said with a degree of finality and calmness in his voice, “It’s been an honor flying with you Donald! May God be with you!”
The words had barely left his lips when an object appeared off his three o’clock. It was heading toward them at an incredible speed. The Captain later estimated it had to have been traveling in excess of 3,000 miles per hour. It passed directly between the Captain’s Boeing 777-300 Cathay Pacific flight and the oncoming Airbus. Captain Hunter got a glimpse of it, but it was so fast a mere blink of the eye and he would have missed seeing the object altogether. 
The Captain could see the object was glowing as if it were hot. The surface appeared shiny. The craft was round and saucer shaped. He estimated it must have been at least one hundred feet in diameter. “Donnie, did you see that? Was it a UFO?” There was no response. The co-pilot was sitting in his seat with a death grip on the yoke, a blank stare on his ashen face. “Don! Don!”
He muttered an answer. So softly Captain Hunter barely could understand, “Uh-huh... Uh-huh... Yes I did...Yes I did...Y... Yes...”
“Don! Don snap out of it!”

PREPARE TO CRASH! PREPARE TO CRASH!

At that precise moment, a tremendous turbulence struck the battered 777. It was like running into the backwash of a hundred jet engines. The Captain could not maintain control of the plane - it immediately began to roll over... once... twice... on the third roll he began to get control and slowly leveled the plane, but the airliner was descending, descending fast. So fast Captain Hunter could not pull the yoke back to slow down the plunging aircraft. “Donald! Donald!”
Snapping back to his senses, the co-pilot answered, “Yes! Yes! I’m here Captain. I’m here!”
“Help me Donald, we’re going down, I can’t hold her any longer. Prepare to crash! Prepare to crash!” As they dropped down through the storm, the unmerciful blizzard was not abating. If anything, the snow intensified. Captain Hunter was watching the altimeter - 19000 feet - 18000 - 17000 - 16000 - 15000 - 14000 - 13000...
“Landing gear? Landing gear Captain?” yelled the co-pilot. Without waiting for the Captain to answer Mr. Walker flipped the landing gear switch. At the same time, he was practically standing up pulling back on the yoke as hard as he physically could pull. His efforts combined with the same efforts exhibited by the Captain were beginning to take effect - the descent was beginning to slow. 
He now could see the ground - everything was white - white in every direction, 1200 feet - 1100 feet... Without realizing the wheels were already down and locked the Captain answered, “Roger Mr. Walker let the landing gear down. I can see ahead, it seems fairly flat.”
At 500 feet, the planes landing lights were brightly illuminating the glistening white snow to their front, but Captain Hunter barely could see ahead. It was a blinding snowstorm. When he got an open glimpse the terrain seemed flat, suddenly the plane’s wheels touched, and it began to slide for what seemed like an eternity. The snow had cushioned the landing. The wheels, packed with snow, were not turning they were sliding. On and on they slid. Captain Hunter could see nothing out the front windshield, but a thick blanket of snow. He kept thinking any moment they would crash into some unseen obstacle which would cause the 777 to erupt into a fiery fireball. The fate of the airplane was out of the Captain’s hands, but he had never believed in fate – he placed his believe in a Higher Power. All he could do was hang onto the yoke and pray God was now hearing his desperate plea. Finally, after what seemed an eternity, the plane stopped moving.
There were no fires. The plane seemed to be intact.
Of all the foolish things Walker said to Captain Hunter, “I couldn’t have done better myself.” 
All Captain Hunter could say softly was, “Thank you... thank you!!” as he looked toward the Heavens.
Both the engines were still running - why? How is this possible, Captain Hunter thought? Reaching for the throttle controls, he cut the power to the two-turbofan engines. Their tremendous roar began to decline to a decreasing whine and then finally they were silent - no sound could be heard notwithstanding the screams emanating from the passenger compartment. The engines may have been quite, but the raging, howling blizzard heard through the planes metal walls was not silent. Before switching off the landing lights Captain Hunter, looking out the front, could see nothing but swirling, blowing snow. The snow wasn’t falling straight down it was being blown horizontally. Another time, another place this scene might actually be beautiful, he thought, but they were on the ground, where? Where he did not know. He only knew they were alive. Donald, white as the snow, which enveloped them muttered, “Well... well... any landing you can walk away from is a good landing, right...? Right Captain?” 
“Get the passengers off Donald! Get them off now!”
Donald grabbed the cold steel handle to the door separating the cockpit from the passenger compartment - he did not know what to expect. Opening the door wider, he saw a mass of confusion in the dim glow. Once the engines were shut off the interior lights were operating off batteries. Panic and fear were running rampant among the passengers. People were screaming, babies were crying, and mumblings of prayers could be heard throughout the compartment. After two complete, 360 degree rolls, the cabin was a mess of objects - debris from the galley, personal belongings from the overhead bins, items from under the seats, and from their recesses over each passenger seat all the small, yellow, plastic nosepieces had descended to provide oxygen. Now they were all dangling, swinging and swaying. Suspended by their clear plastic tubing, giving an eerie appearance to the whole interior. In the semi-darkness, Mr. Walker shuddered, for a moment he thought they resembled hundreds of spiders - big, yellow spiders suspended from their webs on thin ropes of clear, plastic tubing. Taking a further look at the oxygen mask Donald thought to himself, ‘a shot of oxygen might do ME some good about now too.’ 
As the co-pilot continued his slow walk down the aisle, he continually tried to calm the passengers, “Everything is okay, we are okay, please everyone settle down. Get back into your seats and bundle up.” His actions exhibited a calming effect on the passengers who now were beginning to quieten down and respond to his commands.
The flight attendants were beginning to move to the emergency hatches. Those hatches were equipped with the large inflatable escape slides. They were getting ready to open the doors in an effort to get the passengers out. This was by the manual – Standard Emergency Procedures.
Seeing this, Walker screamed, “Hold on! Hold on!” Catching the first flight attendants by the arm he explained, “There are no fires, the engines are not running, we have not broken apart.” Turning to return to the cockpit he looked over his shoulder and remarked, “Let’s give this some thought before opening those exterior hatches. It has to be minus forty or fifty below out there. I need to speak to the Captain about this.” Loudly he yelled as he opened the door to the cockpit, “Until I get back, please, please DON’T open those hatches!”
Returning to the captain’s side Walker helped the Captain shut down the final components of the aircraft before he could speak. The Captain turned to his co-pilot, “Is everyone getting off okay?”
“That’s what I came to talk to you about Captain - the plane is okay - there are no fires, and I do not believe we are in any immediate danger.” He proceeded to explain how he thought they should stay on the airplane and not deplane the passengers. He emphasized that it had to be close to minus fifty degrees outside. And even if they got out they had no idea were they were or in which direction to travel. He thought most of the people would freeze to death before being rescued. His suggestion was to just stay put. “What do you think?”
The Captain shut his eyes contemplating Mr. Walker’s report and their current situation, after a couple of seconds he spoke, “Good advice Don... leave them on the plane. That is the better of the two evils. We can’t survive out there, you’re right. Good... that’s good. Tell the flight attendants to have everyone bundle up - put on as much clothing as they can, and when the sun comes up maybe we’ll be able to assess our situation better.” 
A few of the passengers had scrapes, cuts and bruises from the rollovers, but luckily a couple of doctors were onboard as passengers, and they immediately began first-aid treatment. Approaching one of the doctors Walker asked if any of the passengers seemed critical. The doctor replied that the worst cases were nothing more than a couple of cuts and scrapes, which they handled with the aircraft’s first-aid kit, and a couple with mild concussions. But, surprisingly, everyone was in reasonable decent shape. No one had any broken bones. This was good news. Turning from the doctor he informed the flight attendants of the Captain’s decision to keep the passengers on board.
Standing at the intercom station, Walker spoke, “Attention everyone! Attention! I am Co-pilot Donald Walker. Captain Haskell Hunter is still in the cockpit assessing our situation.”
At the mention of Captain Hunter and Donald Walker’s name the passengers all broke out with enthusiastic applause in appreciation for their handling of the plane. Especially since they were now on the ground, alive.
“Thank you, thank you very much. I’m sure Captain Hunter would appreciate your show of appreciation, but right now I need to fill you in on our situation. To begin with we almost had a catastrophic encounter with another passenger airliner. To avoid a head-on collision Captain Hunter had to take emergency evasive maneuvers, which I’m sorry to say you had to suffer through; however, we are on the ground... the bad news is we do not know exactly where we are, but the good news is we ARE on the ground, and still in one piece.”
Another round of spontaneous applause broke out.
Trying to raise the passengers spirits he offered a bit of humor, “Well, we may not know precisely where we are, but I assure all of you we are not lost... we know we are somewhere in Russia.” That brought a slight under the breath chuckling and more applause by the passengers.
“Seriously though, we should be able to better evaluate our situation when morning comes. Until then, Captain Hunter wants you all to bundle up the best you can. It’s going to get cold in here, and without the engines, we have no way to provide heat. Try to eat and drink as much of the food in, or lying around the galley. In a couple of hours, it will be frozen solid and of no use. The Captain and I will be in the cockpit, so if we can be of service, please let us know. We have a couple of doctors on this flight. They have been considerate to offer their services, and we appreciate their help. If you need their assistance they said they would be more than willing to attend to your medical needs. Until morning try to stay warm and I will talk to you if we have any further news.” Replacing the microphone on its cradle he turned and re-joined Captain Hunter in the cockpit.
Needless to say, they were in a quandary. Captain Hunter turned on the auxiliary power, which only supplied battery power to the ‘glass cockpit’ when the engines were not operating, and checked all the instruments on the front panel. He then checked the fuel gauge and saw they still had about half of their initial fuel load. He reasoned, could they restart the engines if the cold became unbearable. He also thought, what if we are here for days, maybe weeks. What will we do for food? Speaking to Walker, who had returned to the cockpit, the captain ordered, “Donald return to the galley section and find the emergency kit. We will need to go outside and set off one of the flares if we hear the approach of an airplane. We may not be able to get our bird back into the sky, but possibly another aircraft such as a helicopter could rescue us. Meanwhile, I’ll try to get an SOS out. I know the radio is not working, but I’ll see if I can find out what’s wrong with it; regardless, we can’t give up.”

MORNING... FINALLY!

Captain Hunter had finally drifted off for a few hours of much needed sleep - the interior of the aircraft was extremely cold, but fortunately the airline had provided plenty of pillows and blankets for all the passengers, so there were more than enough to keep everyone bundled up during the long, cold night.
The following day came and went without incident, everyone stayed wrapped up and made the most of the available items they could salvage. Most had placed containers of edible food and bottles of water inside their garments. The heat from their bodies kept the items from freezing; therefore, no one was being deprived of food or water – yet. Food was not as plentiful, but the water was more than adequate to supply their needs. The restroom facilities were another matter. Sometimes necessity IS the mother of all inventions. One of the passengers, an electrician, unhooked the heater in one restroom from the planes’ normal power source and redirected it to the emergency, battery-powered circuit. It did not perform at peak efficiency but was warm enough to allow passengers to ‘attend to business’. When not being used for ‘official business’ individuals took turns inside the tiny room warming themselves. It might not have been a dainty sight, but it allowed for a few minutes of warmth – there were no complaints.
No news of rescue today!! No sounds of a rescue plane had been heard either. The temperature outside was still in the forty to fifty degrees below zero range, so trying to walk to find civilization and help was out of the question. The life of anyone leaving the confines of this downed aircraft would be measured in minutes, surely not as long as an hour. The extreme low temperature was just too brutal. 
The morning of their third day, a bright light suddenly awakened Captain Hunter! His first thought was fire, but it was not fire but snow! Blowing, drifting snow had totally covered the cockpit windows. The brightness was... was... it was the sun’s rays penetrating the blanket of snow lighting up the interior of the cockpit.
“Donald! Donald! Wake up. The sun is shining. And listen, the wind is beginning to diminish its howling. Come on let’s get outside and see if we can determine where we are?”
“Huh? Huh, what’d you say? What time is it?” Were the co-pilots muffled responses from underneath the blanket and coat he had used to cover his head. Removing his wraps he was amazed. “Is it Captain? It is! It’s really sunlight! You’re right, we need to get out and see where we are.”
“You are correct Don, but how? How are we to get outside? We can’t use the doors to get out; opening those exits would let the forty below air on the outside come inside. My side window is useless it is frozen tightly shut. The emergency batteries are providing power to our communication system, I could not reach anyone, see if you can try to contact the International Airport at Hong Kong again. While you are working on that I will try to figure out how we can get outside.” 
“Captain, as you know, the radio frequencies are on a digital display. The display is not on the emergency battery circuit, so I cannot view it!
“Right you are Donald, okay, use the manual setting and adjust to the 135.37 MHz frequency.”
Setting the radio’s frequency Don squeezed his headset microphone and tried the radio one more time before he and the Captain tried to get outside, “Cathay Pacific 6073 declaring an emergency... come in Chek Lap Chuc... Mayday... Mayday... Cathay 6073 calling Hong Kong... Cathay 6073 calling anyone... anyone reading this station! Respond, please!” Sorry Captain, I’m not being received, or I might not be broadcasting. It appears we are... but I have no idea.”
“Thanks, you can try again later.”
The time was 8:04 a.m. local, Thursday morning.

Chapter Two
A FEW HOURS EARLIER

The time was 7 a.m. Eastern Standard Time Wednesday November 21, 2012. Brothers Sam Lin and Si Lei Kim, both members of the secret black ops program in Washington, D.C., known only as SCAR (Studies Concerning Antiquated Records), were snuggly buckled into their seats on American Airlines Flight 4446 scheduled out of Washington, D.C. to New York’s Kennedy Airport. At New York, they were to change planes and depart on Cathay Pacific 6073. This flight was scheduled to arrive the evening of the 22nd at Hong Kong. Hong Kong is thirteen hours ahead of New York’s Eastern Standard Time. After a two-hour layover, they were to depart Hong Kong heading to their final destination: Bangkok, Thailand. Total travel time approximately eighteen hours twelve minutes.
Sam Lin and Si Lei seated in the Business Section of the Boeing 777-200LR waited anxiously as the jumbo jet gained speed down the tarmac of the Kennedy Airport. The two enormous turbofan jet engine’s whine began to change to a lumbering moan as the twelve gigantic Goodyear tires lifted from the black asphalt. The monster of steel, plastic and rubber began its eastward and upward ascent towards the towering cumulus clouds 16,000 feet above. The morning was cold but pleasant for a November day in New York. At least, thought the Kim brothers, it’s not snowing.
Si Lei turning to Sam Lin asked, “Can I open my eyes yet?”
“For goodness sakes Brother, you’re a grown man, act like it!”
“I can’t help it, I’m terribly afraid of flying.”
“Well you should not be afraid of flying. This plane does a very good job of ‘flying’. You should be afraid of this airplane falling out of the sky.” 
“Now you’re getting the picture Sam Lin! Seriously tho’, I know Captain Scarburg is head of SCAR Operations, but why do you suppose he decided to send you and me to Bangkok to investigate Mr. Ryan Rousseau?”
“It’s simple - he knew we worked with Rousseau in the Bangkok CIA office, in the ‘60s. Besides we know the lay of the land, and still have a few contacts we might be able to use.”
“But, Brother, Mr. Rousseau is Chief of Experimental Design at SCAR Headquarters. He has been with the Captain since SCAR was established in the ‘60s, isn’t that right? I thought he was the Captain’s friend.”
“Yeah, you’re right, but Captain Scarburg knows what he is doing, just trust his judgment. There is something about Ryan Rousseau that is bothering the Captain. We’ll get to Bangkok and do the job we were assigned. Now don’t worry about our mission, and for goodness sake quit worrying about this steel bird falling out of the sky.” 
Sam Lin was still chuckling as the massive aluminum skinned machine turned its nose from the direction of the rising sun and began a slow, deliberate, left turn. It was beginning a northern flight path. “What’s happening? Why are we turning? Is something wrong?” Asked Si Lei.
“No, we have to turn north since we will be flying over the North Pole to Hong Kong.”
“You’ve got to be kidding - we’re flying north to go west to Hong Kong?”
“That’s right, it’s the shortest route.”
“But won’t we be flying over Russia?”
Sam Lin knew Si Lei was confused, so he explained their flight route. He began by saying the flight will skirt the eastern edge of Canada, go across the tip of the Hudson Bay, past the western end of Greenland and up and over the Arctic Ocean. They will fly a few thousand miles across the Arctic Ocean then slowly turn south across eastern Russia, Mongolia and pass over China and finally the plane will land in Hong Kong. This route will cut a twenty-one hour flight to only fifteen and one-half hours. “Simple huh? Asked Sam Lin?” 
“Simple? Simple? What does this pilot think? That we are a flock of geese migrating back north? And you say this is the shortest route? What if this sucker runs out of gas somewhere up there in the Godforsaken frozen north? I just believe I wouldn’t like whale blubber!!”
“Run out of gas? Are you kidding? This thing holds over 52,000 gallons of fuel and has set a flight record of 11,000 miles, non-stop, from Hong Kong to London. Running out of gas is the least of our worries.”
“Okay, Mr. Know-It-All, I’m not asking you anything else. When do we eat?” replied Si Lei.
“Thought you were not going to ask for anything else?”
“Gentlemen,” said the attractive young flight attendant. “Could I get you anything?”
“Yeah, how about getting our pilot a map and a compass!” exclaimed Si Lei.
With a surprised look, the flight attendant slightly tilted her head, frowned and was about to question his response, but was quickly stopped by Sam Lin...
He asked the attendant for coffee, just a plain cup of black coffee. He also asked if she could, please bring Si Lei a cup of hot tea and some type of pastry? He explained Si Lei gets irritable if his blood sugar drops. Looking to the young lady taking their orders he added grinning, “More irritable, that is, than usual.”
In a few minutes, the coffee, tea and a cinnamon bun were sitting on their tray tables. Knowing their flying time from New York to Hong Kong was over fifteen hours, Sam Lin was in no hurry - he sat sipping his coffee looking out his port window at the soft, fluffy clouds miles below slipping slowly beneath their wings.
A while later, Sam Lin had finished watching the latest Hollywood blockbuster as Si Lei sat enjoying a pleasant lunch, consisting of salad, a main course of beef, potatoes and asparagus. Watching Si Lei shovel food into his mouth Sam Lin decided he could eat a bite too. He placed his order for the lighter serving of cantaloupe, melon slices and strawberries. Si Lei finished his meal with a slice of cheesecake while Sam Lin tried the non-alcoholic Cathay Delight, a kiwi-based drink that turned out to be rather pleasant tasting. Both with stomachs full and eyes heavy with sleep grabbed a few hours of shut-eye. The pilot would come on the intercom from time to time and point out fascinating features on the ground. “Off to our left, ladies and gentlemen, you’ll notice a large body of water, that’s the Hudson Bay.” A couple of hours later, “Just wanted to let you know we are now over the Arctic Ocean. Temperature outside is a warm minus fifty-two degrees below zero.” With a slight grin, both brothers fluffed their pillows, pulled their blankets up snuggly and resumed their naps.

Chapter Three
A TIME MUCH, MUCH EARLIER

This unbelievable story must begin, in the past – No! Not the past. Then it must begin now, the present – No! It isn’t exactly in the present either. How can this be? It surely cannot be the future. No! Thank goodness it isn’t. It began with him of whom much is known, but an explanation is still needed. Who? The Captain, of course – Captain Robert Edward Scarburg, Junior!

CAPTAIN ROBERT EDWARD SCARBURG, JR

Captain Scarburg had a nickname ‘Little S’. This had been his handle since his days in Vietnam when he held the rank of Captain in the Intelligence Branch of the 5th Special Forces. His father, Master Sergeant Robert Scarburg, Sr was also in Vietnam. He too, with the 5th Special Forces Group, but he was a medic. He was known as ‘Big S’. The family just called him Papa. No, they weren’t Big and Little S because of the Scarburg name.
Papa Scarburg had long been gone when this story happened, and everyone connected with this story had sworn himself or herself to remain silence on the matter, but the fact was clear – this extraordinary saga had to be told.
Also, going public with this information could be an embarrassment to our government. Some of the things are criminal if the Statutes of Limitation have not expired; however, there are no time limits to murder. Finally, the public has a right to know if the truth hurts so be it.
Robert Edward Scarburg, Junior, a.k.a. Little ‘S’, the one called Captain or Grandpa was present and participated in it all; he was a witness first hand. 
Even today parts of this story are hard to believe, but he certified to the truth of it all. If you doubt for a minute what is about to be told is not factual, quit reading, for what follows will forever haunt your memory. If you think what you are about to read will make you feel terrible just wait until you have read this entire chronicle, you are right - you will feel even worse! You will think about it while awake, and it will be the last thoughts you have before Mr. Sandman arrives. If you decide to venture on, good luck in the future! You may need meds only available from your local physician. All right you have been warned, if you are ready lets proceed.

Robert Edward Scarburg, Junior – yes the Captain; to his grandchildren he was just Grandpa; to his old Vietnam Special Forces buddies he was known as Little S - sat facing the rear wall of his office. His left hand gently rubbed the short stubble of the beard on his chin, contemplating – was he daydreaming or did he have something particular in mind?
He brushed the smoke from his latest Cuban (he would insist Puerto Rican) cigar from the air. With the right hand he reached for a book in his bookcase as he began to spin his red Corinthian leather chair back around to face his office. All things in his place of business seem to convey the prestige of his position - it tended to accentuate the Captain’s stature. 
Was the Captain unquestionably an influential person? Directors of the FBI, CIA and the NSA would tend quickly to agree. The Captain was head of a most unusual group called the Studies Concerning Antiquated Records (SCAR). Was it a Department, a Bureau, a Division, who knew? SCAR was not on any governmental organizational chart. No, it was none of the above. SCAR was a black ops type operation buried deep within the National Security Agency or was it the Department of Defense? Even personnel within SCAR were not quite sure who their bosses were. Why so clandestine? Well most people don’t need or want to know what their missions were. They were known simply by the acronym ‘SCAR’. All covert operations within the U.S. Government knew the name - enough said.

ANHUR

Retrieving the book from the bookcase, the Captain spun around to face his massive, mahogany sea captain’s desk. A pint-sized, not quite five-foot tall person startled him. This small ‘person’ was standing directly in front of his desk. Where did this mysterious person come from? Captain Scarburg’s office door had not opened, nor had his Chief of Staff announced any visitor on the inter-office Personal Communicator System.
The diminutive individual was dressed in a brown overcoat and a black fedora hat. A beautiful, ornate, silver medallion hung lazily around his neck. An oversized pair of dark, ebony, sunglasses covered two similarly hued, almond shaped eyes. Huge black eyes that overpowered a grey face the color of dry cement, a face that appeared as if it had never been exposed to the warm rays of the Earth’s sun. In his hands, he carried two objects. In one, a large black umbrella, although the day was warm and sunny with no chance of rain; in the other a device, which reminded the Captain of a chrome motorcycle helmet with a shiny, metal looking full-face shield. On the front was inscribed an unusual circular emblem. This emblem, about three inches in diameter was divided equally into four sections. Each section contained a symbolic drawing. In one quarter was a face of a man; the second a lion, the third a bull and the final section contained an eagle. Captain Scarburg immediately recognized this circular design. He had seen it before in Cambodia. It was like the Stars and Stripes to the U.S.; this was the planet Sunev’s national ‘flag’.
“What the... ANHUR! Is it you? Is it actually you?”
“Yes, Captain Scarburg my old comrade, it is me, Anhur indeed,” the diminutive fellow replied.
Anhur and the Captain had known each other over forty years since their chance meeting at a place named Pac Toul in the jungles of Cambodia in 1967 during the U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War. By his appearance he obviously was not an American – Anhur was a foreigner. He was not even a European, in fact, he was not even human - he was an extraterrestrial!!
Yes, a spaceman, a space being, a visitor from another planet, a planet by the name of Sunev, located in the Constellation of Orion. Yes, he was indeed a foreigner, a real foreigner.
Anhur was one of the ‘good guys’. Although Pac Toul was the first place the Scarburgs were introduced to him, he has since befriended most all the members of their family at one time or another. He was instrumental in preventing the crash of an airplane carrying a SCAR team that included brothers Bud and Forrest and their sister Olive Marie as they were on their way to an archeological site in Mexico. And he was there to give support to Lou and Gabby when SCAR had an eventful expedition in Egypt.
 “Anhur, I never got to thank you for saving that planeload of passengers bound for Mexico back in 2005. Especially I thank you for my grandchildren Bud, Forrest and Olive Marie who were on that flight.”
Grandpa Scarburg had a total of five grandchildren. They all worked for SCAR. Forrest was the oldest. Born July 14, 1984, a year before brothers Lou and Bud and sister Gabrielle. They were all born July 25, 1985, triplets, yeah, - triplets. Olive Marie, five years younger, was born July 8, 1990. July was a fantastic birthday month for those youngsters. Their Mom Krista and Dad Robert, with all the children’s birthday’s hitting them at the same time, did not quite see it that way.
Robert Edward Scarburg, III, also know as ‘Trey’ and his wife Krista took advantage of it though and lumped all their children’s birthday celebrations into one large to-do. The children felt like Papa Scarburg (the Captain’s father) sometimes - his birthday was the 29th of December. He would insist his family not combine his birthday with Christmas, and they didn’t. Papa Scarburg always had a cake, and of course, more presents for him on ‘his day’. Bud, Lou, Olive Marie and Forrest had no such clout. They always had a collective birthday party.

Anhur continuing with his story to the Captain explained that after the airplane incident, his Sunev leaders thought long and hard about his, as the Captain said, involvement with that plane. Its destiny was to crash and, yes as it is now known, Anhur intervened and prevented the disaster. He detailed how the leaders on Sunev believe when fate is preordained in an event on Earth, all leaders and workers alike are specifically ordered not to intercede. There were no orders given for Anhur to interfere, and he knew the rules, but he interjected himself into the fate of the Mexico flight anyway. Disobedience to the rules by workers was punishable by death.
Anhur continued to explain in more detail. He said on Sunev they have two classes of beings: leaders and workers. The workers have only one duty, and that duty is to take orders from the leaders and obey these orders without questioning why. He said on Sunev they do not even have the word ‘why’ in their vocabulary. Orders are to be followed by the workers. Anhur was a worker. He knew the aircraft’s ultimate fate was to plunge into the murky depths of the churning sea below. He was not personally ordered to do so, and was not at... at... struggling for the right word said, liberty, yes the word he used was ‘liberty’, to change the Mexican bound airplane’s fate.
Anhur explained to the Captain it was a mistake he appeared on the Mexican flight, and in doing so referred to Captain Scarburg as his dear friend. He explained further that ‘Friend’ was another word that was not known on Sunev; there the leaders are leaders and workers are, well, what he called them - simply workers. Anhur noted to the Captain that he had learned to appreciate and honor that word since he had met the Captain and his family.
“Friend’, my dear Captain is such a beautiful word. A word you Earthlings should love and cherish.”
Trying to explain himself Anhur told Captain Scarburg he simply could not allow the Captain’s family members to die such a horrific death, and he did not. But after the plane was safely on the ground, he was ‘arrested’ by Sunev ‘police’, returned to Sunev and subjected to a trial. He was knocking on Death’s door when the Supreme Council had mercy and spared his life. He had always wondered why. Today, Anhur said he had found out their reason - they had another mission for him.
After his exchange with the Captain Anhur talked about the Zapruder film that Papa Scarburg, the Captain, Spook and Tinker watched at Pac Toul. The Zapruder film was a 26.6 second eight-millimeter home movie a man by the name of Abraham Zapruder filmed in Dealey Plaza, Dallas, Texas. He shot this film the day the attempt was made to assassinate President Kennedy on November 22, 1963. 
Dr. Spurgeon Loo Kim was a CIA operative by the name of Spook. Using the Sp from Spurgeon; the oo from Loo; and the K from Kim; Captain Scarburg’s Special Forces A-team in Vietnam had given Dr. Kim the nickname “SPOOK.” It had been suggested Papa Scarburg had a fetish: ‘to make a nickname of everyone and everything!!’ It doesn’t stretch the imagination much to see Papa Scarburg had a hand in selecting Spook’s name too. His fingerprints are all over that one, but it has stuck to this day - he is still known as ‘Spook’.
Tinker was Dr. Spurgeon Kim’s wife and a former Taiwanese university student. Her given name was Ling Lu – Papa Scarburg at work again.
A couple of other relevant fact worth mentioning - Dr. Spurgeon Loo Kim had been one of the Captain’s closest friends all those years and was also Sam Lin and Si Lei’s older brother.
Continuing Anhur said to the Captain, “As you watched the film of the attempted assassination of your President John Kennedy you and the rest of your group were totally amazed you had heard four weapons fired instead of the three shots your history books have always reported as facts. It was I Anhur who caused your President Kennedy’s life to be spared.”
Shocked the Captain asked Anhur to explain. 
“Notice I am carrying a large black umbrella,” Anhur said snapping the device into an open position.
“Anhur, no! It is unlucky to open an umbrella inside.”
“What? Surely Captain you make a funny statement?”
“Just a silly superstition Anhur... sorry, please continue.”
Anhur began by stating he stood on the curb in Dealy Plaza in the city Dallas, Texas on that, November 22, 1963, morning on the north side of Elm Street as President Kennedy’s automobile drove by. A man, whom he later identified as Abraham Zapruder, was standing on a concrete pedestal behind and to his right taking moving camera pictures. He explained how he opened this devilish same umbrella and held it high above his head causing Mr. Kennedy to turn his head and look directly at him. At that exact moment in time, the shooter on the roof of a building fired a powerful weapon. The projectile missed.
Anhur continued, “This weapon’s violent noise caused the government agent guarding your man Kennedy to jump on the rear of the black motor vehicle just as the assassin fired his weapon again. This second projectile struck the government man in the back and wounded the President and your state of Texas’s man Mr. Connally.
“Almost at the same time, another person located on the grassy area back behind the sidewalk where I stood fired a large hand weapon. This projectile smashed into the side of the President’s head, causing considerable injury, but was not fatal. The shooter in the building fired once again, but it was too far a distance, and the aim of the old military weapon was faulty, he hit nothing. Again, that was my first attempt at interfering in your world’s destiny and, obviously, I was not particularly adept at it.”
“Okay Anhur, let me see if I understand... you opened your umbrella causing President John Kennedy to turn his head to his right and look at you; next the turning of his head caused the first shooter to miss. After that, the gunman on the sixth floor fired the second shot and wounded the Secret Service agent, the President and Governor Connally. Then a shooter with a handgun fired from the Grassy Knoll a third shot, which hit the side of President Kennedy’s head. Finally, the assassin on the sixth floor fired the forth shot, missing his target entirely. Is this the way it happened?”
“Yes, that is the way I believe the firing of your world’s primitive weapons at your president happened, and the opening of my umbrella did cause your President to turn his head, but the turning of his head was not what caused the first shot to miss.”
“Okay, I just have one question - the first shot - what did it hit?”
“It was the key to the whole shooting attempt - when the assassin fired, the noise of the first explosion caused the government man, who was guarding your President, to jump on the back of the black vehicle, which put him in the direct line of the projectile of the second man in window.”
“I’m following all this, but what happened to the first gunman’s bullet?”
“It hit a pigeon!”
“What? Did I hear you correctly Anhur – the bullet hit a PIGEON?”
“You are correct - I cannot lie, we are not allowed to make these things up. Lying is forbidden also!”
“Okay... okay... all right,” said the Captain. “If he shot a pigeon what happened to the pigeon, it should have fallen from the sky onto the street.”
“It fell, not in the street, but into the grassy park like area south of Elm Street. The place you refer to as Dealy Plaza.”
“You mean to tell me no one saw a dead pigeon just suddenly fall out of the sky?”
“Oh yes, many people saw the pigeon falling to the ground but the pigeon was not killed - only wounded. Witnesses thought the pigeon just landed in the grass.”
“Okay, so the actual turning of the President’s head did not cause the shot to miss, right? You’re thinking your umbrella dance resulted in President Kennedy to only receive wounds, right?” 
“Yes you are correct Captain. Head turning did not cause the first shot to miss. The first shot hit the pigeon. Whether this was due to my action, is still not clear. At least at my trial, on Sunev, leaders were not sure either, but they believed, and so do I that the President turning his head caused the shooter in the bushes to hit only a glancing shot to his head.
“Remember my friend we have the ability to travel back in time but are not allowed to interfere with events taking place on your planet that would result in one of your Earthling remaining alive that should have been killed. Nor are we allowed to influence actions that result in dead Earthlings being brought back to life. Either of these two events can cause catastrophic results to your planet. My interference kept one of your Earthlings alive who should have been killed - your President, the one known as John F. Kennedy. 
“I knew my interference in the crash of the airplane was prohibited. Our leaders knew I prevented the plane from crashing, but it was learned Sunev had a rogue leader that had determined to crash your family’s plane. Sunev’s Supreme Command knew the plane was not destined to crash, so I was not charged with saving lives in that action.
“I admit, at the time, I thought my actions in Dallas would result in the best outcome for your country and the whole world. I was extremely selfish. I tried to impose my own will on the shooting of your President Kennedy - I was wrong - terribly, terribly wrong. The result is you now live in the wrong Parallel Universe.”
“What...Parallel Universes? What in the devil are you talking about Anhur?”
Anhur began to explain that this world of Captain Scarburg had thousands, if not millions of Universes running simultaneous and parallel to the one the Captain currently lived in; however, this one may change within the next few minutes, it is never known. He said Earthlings sometimes know what causes the space/time continuum to shift, but most times it just changes unnoticed - the Supreme Council had a name for Captain Scarburg’s present universe, but that name was unimportant. What was notable was the fact Anhur caused Earth to shift Universes!! He knew exactly when the shift occurred – it was precisely at 12:30 p.m. November 22, 1963, on the north side of a place known as Dealy Plaza, in Dallas, Texas. 
The Captain knew since that fateful day in November 1963 the United States became involved in a war, in Vietnam. This became bigger and bigger until it mushroomed into a horrific war with the countries of Russia and China. Back then it was referred to as the Viruchi War. A name derived using Vi from Viet Nam, ru from Russia and the chi from China. During the remainder of the 1960s and all of the 1970s, this terrible war continued with massive loss of life to all the participants. The dead and wounded were in the millions.
This devastating war finally ended on July 4, 1982 with the Russians exploding a nuclear device over South Vietnam’s capital city Saigon, making South Vietnam uninhabitable for the next one thousand years. Retaliation, six minutes later, by the U.S. military was swift and just as destructive... it annihilated the Russian capital Moscow. After the detonation of these two nuclear devices, all parties finally saw the possibility they were playing with the extinction of your human species, and they sat down and drafted a peace plan. Peace in the Viruchi War was officially declared on January 1, 1983. Shaky at best, but a peace agreement never the less.
Captain Scarburg knew, a slight spark could ignite the whole turmoil once again.
Through those years up to the present there have been sweeping wars, famine, pestilence, plagues and politicians who cared more about enriching their own pockets than the welfare of their country. And do not forget the Southwest Asian War from 1998 through 2008. Over 20,000,000 died in a ten-year period with the use of Weapons of Mass Destruction. The countries of Iran, Iraq and Syria, unleashed against the Allied forces of the U.S., Canada, United Kingdom and Israel germ warfare along with the deadly use of poisonous gas. This same germ warfare Saddam Hussein of Iraq released in 2007 is still killing people worldwide. 
In the early 1960s, Earth’s world’s population was nearly three billion people - at the time Anhur was talking to Captain Scarburg it was only two billion. If the events of the last half of the 20th century and first part of the 21st had not occurred, the Earth’s population would now be close to seven billion. The Captain’s world had lost five billion souls!! Anhur related how those on Sunev thought of all the art, music, literature and inventions that might have been produced if those five billion people had not been killed or in millions of cases were not even given the chance to be born.
“I have accepted the blame, the Supreme Council has already put the weight directly on my shoulders, but they have given me one last attempt to set things right on your planet and help to redeem myself with my Sunev leaders. 
“You noticed when I arrived I was carrying a device that can be placed on the head... if you would be so kind to place it on your head Captain.”
Captain Scarburg had been sitting behind his desk, leaning back in his chair, absorbing all Anhur had been saying. “I heard your explanation about the mistake you made back in 1963, but President Kennedy survived, in fact, he is still alive, living at Hyannis Port, Massachusetts. I do not understand - what do you want me to do Anhur?”
“I put your world on its current Parallel path. The current Universe you live in should not have been its destiny. Please put on the Visiondome Captain Scarburg. I believe the Visiondome can better explain why I was sent from Sunev to contact you.”
Captain Scarburg picked up the chrome football helmet, turned it over a couple of times as if he were examining it, and finally slipped it on his head. It was snug but not uncomfortable. Anhur pulled the face shield down and snapped it shut, allowing the helmet to envelope the Captain’s entire head.
At first the Captain could see nothing. Faintly he heard a whisper of a sound, which seemed far away. It made him think of wind gently blowing through the treetops before an approaching storm, soft and extremely soothing. It seemed to calm his anxiety. Was this emanating from outside this helmet or from inside, he thought? Before he had a chance to consider that question, the visor in front of his face began to glow. The glow gently materialized into a picture, black and white at first, but within seconds he was looking at brilliant scenes unfolding before his eyes. Scenes as beautiful, and in bright High Definition color, as any he had ever seen. If he had not known better, he would have thought he was actually witnessing these scenes happening in person.
For a few minutes, Captain Scarburg was shown an entirely different world than the one he knew, and grew up in. The ‘movie’, inside the helmet, began at precisely the moment of the shooting of President John F. Kennedy at Dealy Plaza, Dallas, Texas and progressed almost year-by-year up to the present. He was shown a synopsis of Earth’s destiny that could have, should have or might have been. When the face shield dimmed back to its original state, the Captain removed the helmet and sat back exhausted. He felt as if he had been in a trance. Finally, he spoke, “Anhur, I cannot believe the future I just witnessed, was this view of an alternate Earth’s future real?”
“Indeed it was Captain, in another parallel time, and another dimension, a Parallel Universe quite different from this one today. As earlier stated, the universe you are currently living in has been named by my Supreme Council on Sunev, but suffice it to say, its name, as I said earlier, is unimportant.”
“Well I must admit the course of history is certainly more pleasant in your helmet version. I just wish those events I saw had actually transpired. If so, our Earth could have experienced peace and tranquility instead of death and destruction. Peace and tranquility - what a wonderful thought. Without the horrors of nuclear war, the U.S. and countries around the globe would certainly have enjoyed a much more happier and fulfilled existence. Oh, how I wish that had happened for real. Let me get this straight - if the Earth were in the Parallel Universe as displayed in the ‘Visiondome’, Bud, my grandson, would be alive. Is that a correct assumption Anhur?”
“Yes he would be alive and well and do not forget - it can happen!! It is possible, it CAN happen Captain Scarburg!”
“What are you saying Anhur - how can this be possible?”
“With your help Captain. It is possible to shift these Universes.”
“What? How can we change the path of the destiny of our world? 
Anhur began to explain how the Captain could use the Timetraveler. A machine, which had the ability to jump between Parallel Universes, the same Timetraveler the SCAR team had developed, using Sunev’s plans. He told Captain Scarburg how he and his team could return to Dallas at exactly 12:30 on the twenty-second day of November in the year 1963.
Anhur made sure the Captain understood it was imperative when he got to Dallas to stop the man on the roof of the building from shooting the President of the United States of America. The projectile he fired must hit the pigeon... the Captain must make sure the man on the sixth floor of the building shoots the second bullet. The man in the window must fire the second projectile and the Secret Service man will not be wounded. In addition, the President will be fatally shot. That will allow the person on the Grassy Knoll and the ones still in the building to accomplish their missions. The alternate future the Captain witnessed in the “Visiondome” will then occur.
History’s bumpy road into the future split at the moment of that first shot by the sniper on the roof of the Texas School Book Depository. Earth, unwillingly, was diverted from the Universe it was traveling to the Universe of today. Anhur pleading said, “You can put it back, you are living in the wrong Universe Captain Scarburg.”
“Anhur,” said the Captain, “may I ask you a question? When the Universe jumps from one Parallel path, say ‘A’ to another path let’s say ‘B’ would we notice? I mean if one were aware this ‘leap’ was going to take place at exactly 12:30 on November 22, 1963 will they notice or perceive the change?”
“Yes, Captain they would... it is always accompanied by an intense, micro-flash of blue light, but a person would have to know when it was going to occur and would have to know what to look for. Most people simply would pay no attention to it at all. It happens in the twinkle of an eye as you would say.” 
“Thanks... I guess Anhur. I believe I am more confused now than before.”
“Captain, the Supreme Council, believes your world should have stayed on its original path. This original Universe is the world you witnessed in the Visiondome. You can allow the Earth to return to this better world by stopping the shooter on the roof from firing the first shot at President Kennedy. Simple you think?”
“Simple? Simple? Your people are simple Anhur... simple-minded! Are you suggesting I allow the assassination of the President of the United States?”
“No Captain - you are not allowing your President to be killed - in the original Universe this tragic event has already occurred. You are just going to insure that Universe be allowed to continue just as you saw within the Visiondome.
“Anhur you must have lost your marbles. The Timetraveler does not work. It has failed the last three times we tried it. Who will guarantee it will not fail on the fourth attempt?”
“First, Anhur does not play this child’s game - marbles! And second, I cannot guarantee it will work, but I have faith your team of scientists at SCAR will solve the time machine’s problem!! It is particularly beneficial they understand – there is no such thing as ‘time-travel’ what your people are trying to accomplish is ‘time-reassignment’. 
“Thanks, that is easy for you to say Anhur, but I don’t know about our ability to correct the enigma. We have already lost three machines – we got them to dematerialize to another dimension, but we were never successful in getting them to return,” the Captain said as he was turning in his chair to a four drawer filing cabinet located directly behind his desk. “Let me pull the lab reports on the first three flights and see where our failure analysis stands.” He extracted the folder and turned back to address Anhur, but the Captain was sitting in the room - alone. Anhur was nowhere to be seen. He had vanished! He was gone!
Captain Scarburg sat for a few minutes contemplating the recent exchange - was a different future possible? What if he actually could alter the course of history back to the correct Parallel Universe? What an incredible world we would have, he thought. Can I change Earth’s destiny? Is it conceivable, just barely conceivable I can prevent Bud from getting killed in the Southwest Asian War? If this is remotely possible, I will try anything - anything, even if it has only a one in a million chance of success, he thought as he mulled over the idea.
The time was 11:30 a.m., Friday November 16, 2012.

Chapter Four
“CALL A CONFERENCE MEETING”

The Captain sat absorbed; thinking (for what seemed were hours when in reality was only a couple of minutes) then arrived at a decision. He waved his hand over the black glass top on his desk - his Personal Communicator. A facial image appeared in the glass.
“Yes Captain,” the face answered. It was Krista, the Captain’s office manager/chief cook and bottle washer, but most importantly - his daughter-in-law. She was married to the Captain’s son, Robert “Trey” Scarburg III. Krista might be Captain Scarburg’s secretary but paramount above all she was the mother of the Captain’s grandchildren. Robert the III didn’t genuinely like the nickname ‘Trey’, but Papa Scarburg had burdened him with it as a young lad, so he has lived with it ever since.
“Krista, call a conference meeting for 1300 hours Monday afternoon, with all the SCAR directors and include my family. I know Lou is in town for his annual budget review.” The Captain usually referred to her as ‘Krissy’, but when upset or absorbed in deep thought he would inevitably call her ‘Krista’. Krista knew something was up when she heard him use her proper name. “Make sure Spook and Tinker are there too.” He followed as a second thought, “you too Krista.” 
“Why me Captain? Should I tell them the subject of the meeting?”
“No - you will all find out at the meeting Monday.” He followed as a second thought, “I want Trey, Lou, Forrest, Gabrielle and Olive Marie to attend this conference also.”

Forrest, Krista’s son, now there was a fellow - Robert Edward Scarburg the Fourth. He was the fourth because there are three others Robert Edward Scarburgs, which came before him. When Forrest, as he was known, was a small lad his Grandpa Robert Edward Scarburg Jr, began calling him Little Four. Little Four got to be confusing, so Grandpa began referring to him as 4-S. Four S... Four-est... Forrest. He didn’t think it was all that funny either, but he was stuck with it, like it or not.
Forrest’s brother Dr. Buddy (Bud) Edward Scarburg and his brother Dr. Louis (Lou) Edward Scarburg served as SCAR Regional directors. Lou was director of SCAR’s facility at Cheyenne Mountain, Colorado. Bud, before he was killed, managed a SCAR laboratory located at the NASA Marshall Space Flight Facility in Huntsville, Alabama. Marshall developed the Saturn rockets that carried the men to the moon on Apollo 13. The place was loaded with pointy-head rocket scientists and nerds with plastic pocket protectors for their pens. Bud was a natural, and SCAR fit in with NASA like a glove. During the early phases of the Southwest Asian War, Bud had been a member of Headquarters and Headquarters Company of the 20th Special Forces (Airborne), Alabama National Guard. While serving in an in-active status, his Guard unit in Birmingham, Alabama was suddenly deployed to active duty to Iraq. He was killed in one of Saddam Hussein’s poison gas attacks in 2007.

Chapter Five
VIETNAM REVISITED

Back in 1967, Papa Scarburg, the first Robert Edward Scarburg, was a Green Beret Master Sergeant in the 5th Special Forces (SF), Airborne (ABN), in Vietnam. Most of the time his men just referred to him as Sarge, Doc or the Vietnamese’s equivalent Bac Si. While in Laos on patrol Sarge and his SF A-team were captured and marched across the border of Laos deep into the jungles of Cambodia. Papa was a prisoner of a Spetsnaz Colonel named Nikita Ergorov. Spetsnaz is a Blue Beret awarded Russian SF officer. This sadistic officer subjected Papa Scarburg to extreme torture.
Colonel Ergorov tortured Sergeant Scarburg by tying his hands behind his back, suspended him from a beam in a remote shack in the middle of the Cambodian jungle, and tried to extract information on something called The P.H.O.T.O. There were two problems with the Russian Colonel’s methods. First, no amount of torture was going to extract information from Papa Scarburg and second if he were predisposed to talk he could not since he knew nothing about this thing called The P.H.O.T.O. The Colonel would ask over and over about The P.H.O.T.O., Papa Scarburg would, over and over, give only the Colonel his name, rank and serial number. This was unacceptable to the Russian bastard (that’s what Papa Scarburg called him). After each question, the Colonel would cut a piece of flesh from Sarge’s chest. His carvings eventually formed the shape of a large ‘S’. The Colonel bragged since Papa Scarburg thought he was ‘Superman’ he would give him a ‘S’ on his chest, so he could imagine himself to be this Man of Steel.  
Papa Scarburg survived this horrific ordeal and later was visited in the Army hospital by his son Captain Robert Edward Scarburg Jr. Known now as the Captain. The Captain had official U.S. Army orders for him and his Papa Sergeant Scarburg to return to Cambodian. If possible, they were to discern the location and if found return with any and all information concerning The P.H.O.T.O.
 After the Army nurse at the hospital showed the Captain the large letter S scar on his Papa’s chest he went out and had an identical ‘S’ put on his own chest, but not craved, tattooed and somewhat smaller. From that day forward, Papa Scarburg was known as Big S, and the Captain has been called Little S. 
After Big S was released from the hospital he, along with Little S formed another A-team and ventured into Cambodia looking for a place called Pac Toul. Pac Toul was thought to be the answer to The P.H.O.T.O. question. The Special Forces A-team left South Vietnam with thirteen team members, including Spook the CIA operative. 
The team parachuted into Cambodia and walked, clawed and fought their way to a remote spot in the jungle known as Pac Toul. On arrival, Big S’s original thirteen man A-team had been reduced to only three - Big S, Little S and Spook. At Pac Toul, they encountered some ‘things’. Things even today they are not supposed to talk about. One thing they did find was a slave labor camp of prisoners, all scientists. Aliens, from the planet Sunev, had abducted these scientists from all over the world and forced them to work in their laboratory. Did you catch the name ‘Alien’, well that was whom they were?
As the team was storming Pac Toul, the extraterrestrials removed all the prisoners from the building with the exception of one person. This captive hid within the building and was overlooked and not taken. The rest of the prisoners were taken onto a circular disc and were being removed from Pac Toul when something went horribly wrong, and all the captives were accidentally killed. No, not all, there was the one who hid she survived. 
The captive hiding from the aliens was a young student chemist named Ling Lu. She had befriended one of the aliens by the name of Anhur. The aliens, especially the alien leaders, treated the captives with disdain; however, Anhur considered Ling Lu to be his friend and assisted her as the prisoners were being moved. With his help, she was able to slip away and hide unnoticed as the others were being herded outside. Without Anhur’s aid Ling Lu, most likely, would have been killed along with the other captives. An intriguing side note concerning the aliens: the leaders wore elaborately carved golden medallions suspended on ornately woven, gold chains, the workers wore identical carved medallions; however, the worker’s emblems are made of silver and hung on the same ornate but silver chains.  
Ling had been working at the Pac Toul facility as a chemist. She had been abducted from her studies at her university in Taiwan and forced to work for her alien captors. Her given name was Ling Lu, but Ling in Chinese means ‘Bell’, so Papa Scarburg and Grandpa, hung the nickname of Tinker on her.
 
OLE ABE
The one machine found in the alien lab that fascinated the Americans the most was a gadget they dubbed ‘The Edison’. This is a fantastic machine: when a still photograph is inserted into one end of the machine, what is called today, a CD would come out the other end. Placed into the CD player, the photograph would become a moving picture for exactly thirty seconds. Why just thirty seconds and no more? Tinker did not know the answer. All she knew was anything that had been said, or sounds created at the time of the original photograph’s exposure could be captured and recreated on the CD. Tinker demonstrated the ‘Edison’ a couple of times, which simply astounded Big S, Little S and Spook. The first time she used a photograph of President Abraham Lincoln taken by the famous Civil War photographer Matthew Brady. The following is verbatim the scene in 1967 at Pac Toul, Cambodia: 
Miss Lu asked Spook if he would be so kind to get her a photograph from one of the dozens of cardboard boxes stacked along the wall. Any box, it does not matter, and any photograph he chooses, she said, would be suitable.
Dr. Kim rummaged around in the boxes looking at one then another picture. He would stare intently at one shake his head and toss it back. After a number of discards he finally settles on the ‘one’, a photograph with a caption which read, “President Abraham Lincoln reviewing Antietam battlefield with Allen Pinkerton and Major General John A. McClernand, Oct 3,1862”.
He thought, if she gets anything from this picture I will be surprised, it’s over a hundred years old! 
Walking across the room directly to Little S, “Take a look at this, what do you think?” said Spook handing the Captain the picture. Spook had already learned, in addition to his scholarly knowledge, Little S considered himself quite an amateur historian – the ‘War Between the States’ as he referred to the Civil War, being a favorite of his.
Little S grasped the photo, walked over to a bright light source, and surveyed the picture quite absorbedly.
The Captain motioned to his Dad Big S and said, “Come view Spook’s find.” When the three of them had their heads close together Little S sighed and in a hushed voice, so Tinker wasn’t able to hear their conversation said, “Well, this picture is the real thing. This is a photograph taken after the Battle of Antietam. “Ahem”, he said, “as we in the South refer to it as the ‘Battle of Sharpsburg’; as I recall, the battle took place in September 1862 – the man on the left wearing the derby hat is Alan Pinkerton, he started the Secret Service; of course everyone recognizes Ol’ Abe Lincoln in the middle who had come to survey the battlefield, and the general on the right, I suppose based on the caption, is General McClernard; however, I’m not too familiar with him.
I have seen this picture many times before - this is quite a famous photograph, and the photographer was none other than the distinguished Civil War photographer, Mathew Brady; however, let’s not provide Tinker with any more information than she needs.” Turning to her, he asked,  "Miss Lu do you have a pair of scissors?”
“Well, let me think... yes, I think so, Captain. There should be a pair in the work desk behind you,” she said pointing at the desk with her index finger. The Captain retrieved the scissors and neatly snipped off the caption identifying the photograph, and he, grinning like a Cheshire cat, handed it to Miss Lu.
“First,” she said, “the photograph must be processed through the Magnetic Synchronizer, or as we call it the MagSync. I’m just a chemist, so I cannot begin to explain the theory behind how it works. I have heard others here say the MagSync manipulates atoms on the subatomic or quantum level, in what is called, the Nano area.”
She explained that whatever happens in this minuscule echelon prepares the photograph to allow sounds and images to be extracted. She did not know how, but she said, “In scientific terms – it just works.” The team, to which she was assigned, never worked on the Magnetic Synchronizer. She apologized for not being able to tell them more about how it performs, all she knew was the ‘Edison’ used a tremendous amount of energy to do whatever it did.”
Tinker smoothed the photo out, straightened the corners and carefully inserted it face down, into an adjustable picture size slot at the front of the MagSync. She then tapped a quarter-sized button, instantly the original photo emerged from a slot next to the one she had just used. The photograph was next inserted into a second slot, face side down again; Tinker flipped a switch; pressed slightly on a couple of buttons with strange symbols; lights on the device started blinking, and the machine began to hum into operation. 
The three men looked at each other – all were thinking the same thought – the sound this machine was making was exactly the same humming sound the giant white disc they had found earlier out by the river produced. Later they would discover the disc was a type of satellite transmitter the aliens were using to transmit images, music, news footage and any and all information concerning the planet Earth back to their planet Sunev. Sunev was located somewhere amid the millions of stars in the Constellation of Orion. They accomplished this feat by reducing all types of documents and photos to CDs and then as Tinker said by magic, transmitted this datum on the CDs to Sunev. For what purpose – she did not know. Obviously, thought the Captain, the aliens were keeping tabs on Earth’s development and advancement.
In just a few seconds, Miss Lu walked from the head of, what could be called the front, of the ‘Edison’ to its rear and presses a switch. This switch had those odd looking symbols on it too.
Immediately, on touching the button, a small drawer about one-forth inch thick and approximately five inches wide slowly and silently slid out. Lying on the emerging shelf could be seen a round glistening object resembling a round, thin piece of lustrous, silver metal.
She reached down and picked up the shiniest circular metal-like disk any of them had ever seen. Sarge immediately thought of a highly polished metal 45-rpm record, but totally slick. It was lacking grooves and was about half the size of a vinyl record.
Each, in turn, wanted to feel and touch the beautiful, round, marvelous object and identify the composition material. Their first thought was metal – no, plastic - no, it must be some type of an unknown polymer substance. The compact circular disc felt extremely light, and when held up in front of their faces their images were as striking as if they were viewing themselves in a mirror. So”, said Captain Scarburg, “this is a compact disc? Or as you say Tinker a CD.”
 Removing the shiny, round, metal-disc from the first machine she then performed the same procedure on another similar machine by again pressing a symbolized button and just as before a drawer exactly like the first came silently sliding out.
This time they all moved closer to get a better look at the drawer. When it slid out and stopped they noticed it had an indented section exactly the same diameter as the metal looking, lustrous disc.
Tinker placed the shiny disc in the groove and again pressed the button. The tiny drawer reversed its course and disappeared within the machine. The small door in front closed shut.
This device had what appeared to be a miniature television screen built into the machine but above the drawer; however, the screen size was no more than about ten or twelve inches in size.
Sarge thought, I never did see a TV that small.
But as soon as she had pressed the button an image appeared on this under-sized TV screen. The screen wasn’t a TV it was some type of projector. It was showing an image of the photograph… there was Mr. Lincoln, General McClernard and Mr. Pinkerton but… oh no… it can’t be… this has to be trickery… the three men on the photograph, no it wasn’t just a still photograph anymore, the images were moving. Moving as if they were in a television show, but there was something else… they… they were talking to each other!!!!
  In the background, could be heard the words, partially indistinct: “Mr. President I  (indistinct word) it would  (indistinct words) better if you put your hat back on.”
The President replied, “Dag nab it, Mathew, ever since Mary give me this darn stovepipe hat I always have to have my picture took with it! I hate this dab blasted thing!”
General McClernard laughed and said, “Sir your admiring public has gotten used to your stovepipe hat." 
Mr. Lincoln motioned to Allen Pinkerton, “Git into this here dadburn phottygraph Alan, I need somebody to make me look good.” All three men in the picture laughed. “Git on with it Matthew — .” At the word ‘Matthew’ the ‘photograph’ stopped moving and talking, ending Tinker’s demonstration.
“That’s as long as we have been able to ‘energize’ a photograph,” said Tinker, “that’s what we have been working on recently, trying to extend the ‘energizing’ time.”
At first Sarge, Little S and Spook just sat there, they did not look at each other. They were flabbergasted. All they could do was stare at the now blank screen. Then Sarge started laughing, not just a chuckle, it was a whopping belly guffaw.  
“What is so funny?” Little S said quizzically. 
“Who would have thought Abe Lincoln sounded like Walter Brenner (TV star of The Real McCoys of the early ‘60s)?” Sarge said still snickering. “I bet if this thing played longer Abe would have been limping too!” (Mr. Brenner walked with a limp in the TV series).

THE IMPOSTER

Sergeant Scarburg, Captain Scarburg and Spook could not believe what they had just witnessed. They believed some trickery was involved. Tinker, sensing their skepticism, suggested they find another photograph within the boxes and boxes of alien procured documents.
This time Dr. Kim was going to find something that could not possibly be preloaded on film and already be in the ‘Edison’. He shuffled through dozens of different photographs in the cardboard boxes until he final settled on exactly the right one. He pulled it from the box and carried it over and showed it to Sarge and the Captain, they nodded their heads in agreement.
Dr. Kim handed it to Miss Lu. She looked at the photograph and passed it back to Dr. Kim asking, “Do you all know this man?”
Dr. Kim answered, “Yes indeed we do, do you recognize him?”
“Sorry no,” she answered, “is this person someone prominent?”
“Put it in the Edison, and see if your ‘Edison’ machine can tell us!”
Miss Lu went through the same routine she had previously done with the photo of President Abraham Lincoln. She inserted the photo, pressed the button, heard the hum, watched the lights flicker and extracted the CD; placed this new version into the small opening and watched it slide back into the machine and pressed ‘PLAY’, then they anxiously waited for the event if any, to unfold on the tiny screen.
They all believed they had fooled Miss Lu this time. She was from Taiwan, there was no way she would know who was in this photograph. They did not believe anything would happen when she attempted to run the machine; however, what they witnessed was unbelievable. That was a farce, a stunt, a magic trick a… well, they ran out of words to try to describe how they could rationalize what they had just seen on the screen.
Even though, the three of them had confidence nothing was going to happen, Spook, Little S and Big S all squeezed in as close as they could. They all wanted a better view of the tiny television screen.
A faint glow began to brighten the screen – realizing he was holding his breath Dr. Kim sucked in a lungful of air and slowly exhaled. Scenes on the bantam television started to appear. Although the images were not yet clear, they could see it was a man standing on the outside of a building.
The scene on the screen cleared slightly. They now could vaguely see, what appeared to be, a young man dressed totally in black. He was holding a rifle in his left hand with the butt supported on his hip; in his right hand, close to his chest, and underneath his chin was, what again appeared to be, two newspapers. A pistol could be seen sticking out of his pants on his right hip. More and more details were beginning to become apparent, but Dr. Kim, Sarge and the Captain were not surprised as to what was starting to materialize on the TV screen – they knew the photograph was LEE HARVEY OSWALD.
They had known his Russian wife Marina, had taken the photograph behind Oswald’s house in Dallas, Texas. Sarge also remembered police officials later would use this photograph to establish one of the pieces of concrete evidence proving Lee Harvey Oswald and his Italian Carcano rifle, shown in the photograph, assassinated President John F. Kennedy on Nov 22, 1963!
A spontaneous GASP erupted from all three men who stood viewing the image as it became crystal clear!!
What they were seeing was impossible!! The man's face!! The face, which finally emerged, in the picture – it was not LEE HARVEY OSWALD!!
Suddenly there was a voice in the background of the photograph. The voice spoke, “Hurry up Tony, get Oswald’s camera and get them pictures!!  
The action on the screen moved slightly as if the camera had shifted positions and then was heard, “Damn, hold still Bill, the distance has to be perfect, or the guys at the lab can’t get the heads to match perfectly.”
The ‘Lee Harvey Oswald look-a-like’ spoke up and replied, “Come on Tony, get the picture, this gun’s gettin’ heavy. We got to get this film back to the boys…”
Sarge, stood mesmerized watching the screen and barely in a whisper quoted – ‘be not afraid of greatness, some are born great, some achieve greatness and some have greatness thrust upon them.’ Gentlemen, we have just had greatness thrust upon us. This easily is the most fantastic, awe-inspiring, mind-blowing historical thirty seconds witnessed by any American in the history of the United States; and we did nothing, it was just thrust upon us.”
After the television screen went blank they just stood there – did they see what they thought they saw? Dr. Kim said to the others, "That was supposed to be the famous picture of Lee Harvey Oswald holding the rifle he used to shoot President Kennedy, wasn’t it? I know it was. I’ve seen that picture too many times before! And it wasn’t even Oswald in the picture after all!"
Sarge uttered in disbelieve, “This ain’t right, it ain’t right, I’m telling you it ain’t right!”
Little S, as if awaking from a bad dream, nervously said, “Fellows do you realize what we have just witnessed?”
Spook said loudly, “Darn right, and Miss Lu I’m sorry for doubting you. That was amazing. No, there has to be a better word meaning amazing times a thousand!” 
Tinker had been standing behind the men as they watched the scenes unfolding from the ‘CD’, and she could not understand what all the fuss was about. ‘It is just some guy holding a rifle in his yard, big deal, they’ve surely seen enough guns in their time,’ she thought, but she said instead, “Gentlemen, who is that man? You all seem to think he is significant or something – who is he?”
Almost in unison they replied, “We DON’T know who he is!!”
Now Miss Lu was thoroughly confused. They seemed to know whom he was when they selected the photo, and she placed it into the Edison, but yet they are now saying they did not recognize him,  “What do you mean you don’t know who he is, earlier you said you did”? 
Captain Scarburg finally spoke, “Miss Lu, you have heard of President John F. Kennedy, right?”
“Yes, I know of him, he was your President they attempted to assassinate, right?”
“Good, now we are getting somewhere. What you just witnessed is heart stopping! The person that shot JFK has always been thought to be Lee Harvey Oswald. He was shot and killed before his trial, but circumstantial evidence ‘proved’ he was the assassin. 
“One of the biggest pieces of this evidence pointing to his guilt was this photograph of Lee Harvey Oswald holding the Italian rifle. The rifle was left on the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository (TSBD) in Dallas after the attempted assassination. That rifle later proved to belong to Oswald and was further established as the actual weapon, which shot the President.
“Oswald, after his arrest, protested the photograph was ‘doctored’ or faked, but no one believed him. Oswald protested vigorously that his head had, somehow, been superimposed on someone else’s body. This body belonged to 'Bill', the person holding the rifle and newspapers.
“Our government’s so-called ‘experts’ performed test after test on the original, and it was determined to be an authentic picture of Lee Harvey Oswald.
“Today Miss Lu you have, with your CD, proved Lee Harvey Oswald was right all along – the man on this CD, identified as ‘Bill’, was an Oswald imposter.
“Your ‘CD’ proves Lee Harvey Oswald was framed for the assassination attempt of President John F. Kennedy.”
“Thank you Captain, I know you realize the importance of this one photograph, but you must remember we have been doing this day in and day out for months. We have heard and seen the innermost secrets of some of the world’s most famous leaders, actors and politicians.”
She continued, ”There are things I have witnessed that you would never believe, so I’m not surprised this picture is unbelievable to you.”

THE MOVIES

The three of them stood trance like, for what seemed to be an eternity when suddenly Dr. Kim returned to his senses and began to speak.
“Miss Lu, after seeing the things you have shown, I will believe the Earth is flat if you say it is so, please, just tell me one thing, on second thought, make that two things. First, where did the aliens get all these photographs, and I would like to know if the method works on movie film?”
“Dr. Kim, I do not know where the photographs came from. A lot of them were all ready here when I arrived, and our captors would bring in more all the time. As far as film, yes. We work in teams here, and there was a team dedicated to reproducing sound from old silent film. The old silent films date back into the twenties, and yes, they were able to put sound to them too.”
“Wait a minute, Miss Lu, if you can only put, maybe thirty seconds on a ‘CD’, how do you handle moving pictures”? Asked Dr. Kim.
“Do you see the machine over there? It’s called a ‘Motion Decelerator,” she said, pointing to another grey, metal machine. “That gadget is like a copy machine – you run the film in and it copies film frame by frame, or a series of multiple frames of the movie as photographs onto a CD, then we run that CD through this machine,” she motions toward a different gadget, “called, yeah, you guessed it: a Motion Accelerator. Next into the Magnetic Synchronizer, and then we send them through the same ‘Edison’ that you have already witnessed; however, notice there is a smaller slot on the Edison for CD insertions. The ‘movies’ come out on other CDs, we put them in the miniature TV and just sit back, watch and listen.”
The Captain asked, “Is it possible to reproduce the entire, or maybe just part of a movie file?”
“Oh yes, simple, all you have to do is flip this switch on top, (pointing to a half-inch long, silver, toggle-type switch) and it will produce one photograph, the whole thing, or only certain scenes within.”
“Miss Lu,” said Spook, “you are making me nervous. Where do you store the film?”
“Nervous? Why would I make you nervous?” she replied.
Ashamed of his tone Spook said, “I’m sorry Miss Lu, I did not mean you were making me nervous, it was the implications of what you just said.”
“That’s okay, I just want to help – the eight-millimeter films are stored in that five-drawer filing cabinet, next to our fancy copy machine. They are filed by their names or titles. If your looking for the old Hollywood silent movies, those films will be on the shelves next to the cabinet.”

ZAPRUDER

Dr. Kim, Sarge and the Captain all jumped, as if shot out of a cannon, and bolted to the filing cabinet.
Miss Lu stood there, frozen in the moment, and watched three grown men act like Mommy had just called them in for cake and ice cream! They are definitely up to something... I wonder what it is? She asked herself.
Little S was the first to get to the filing cabinet - yelling, “It has to be in the bottom drawer!” Swiftly jerking it open. ‘W’, ‘X’, ‘Y’, ‘Z’, he announced, “surely it has to be here! Yes...! Yes...! Here it is... ‘Z’! Oh, thank you God...! Thank you!” Holding the round, metal film can to his lips he kissed it.
Miss Lu said to herself, ‘those guys are crazy, what have they found ‘Zorro’, Zombie, Zogilla’? “What have you found, Captain”?
“Zapruder...! Zapruder...! Oh heavens Zapruder!” he kept saying holding the metal canister of film high above his head and dancing around the room with the other two joining in, all chanting “Zapruder... Zapruder... Zapruder...” at last they finished yelling, and they all began to laugh and slap each other on the back.
By now they had Miss Lu curious to the contents of this Zapruder film.
The Captain continued, breathlessly, “Should we? Come on tell me, should we?”
“Are you kidding,” responded Sarge, “who would ever get another chance like this”? Spook heartedly agreed.
The Captain hurried over to Miss Lu and between breaths asked, “Can you run this through one of your machines, so we see which frames we want copied”?
“Sure,” that’s the way we do it, unless we do the whole film. Remember the ‘Motion Decelerator’, it will do the trick.”
She took the small eight-mm roll of Kodak film, walked over to yet another metal pin ball looking machine and inserted the roll of film, applied pressure to a circular ‘start’ button and the tape began to play on a built-in TV. The TV screen lay flat on top of this device. A small metal knob that she manipulated controlled the object that allowed the film to advance. They all huddled around the machine, peering down at the TV screen, straining their eyes trying not to miss any images.
In a moment or two, the scenes they all waited to see appeared. “Stop! Stop right here. Can you copy frames one hundred ninety through frames three hundred twenty? And run them through the Edison?” Said the Captain.
“Sure, just give me a minute to separate those frames,” she said.
As soon as Miss Lu had the selected frames of film processed though the Motion Decelerator the Magnetic Synchronizer and back into the Motion Accelerator she placed the film into the ‘Edison’ and announced to her waiting audience that the ‘show was about to begin.'
Tinker had no idea what was about to happen, but she knew for these men to get so overly excited it was something extremely important.
She laughed, and told them to get their popcorn ready. “I’m flipping the switch, Lights... Sound... Action...”, she said trying to imitate a movie director. 
The tiny TV screen began to glow. The images appeared but could not distinctly be seen. Within a second or two the action on the screen began to gradually become clearer and clearer.
Immediately the assassination attempt footage of President John F. Kennedy was being viewed on the TV.
The film was showing the black Lincoln convertible, Jacqueline in her pink suit, President Kennedy waving to the crowd as they happily journeyed down Elm Street in Dealey Plaza. Dallas, Texas.
 “Who is this Zapruder we are watching? Which one is he?” She asked to neither of them in particular as she pressed the ‘FREEZE’ button.
“Oh! Miss Lu, he is not in the film,” Dr. Kim answered. “Abraham Zapruder had arrived at Dealey Plaza in Dallas, Texas just a few minutes before President John F. Kennedy arrived November 22, 1963. He is the man filming the assassination.”
He went on to explain how Zapruder had a Kodak Kodachrome II, eight-millimeter, home movie camera, and he arrived with Marilyn Sitzma, one of his office workers. He climbed up on a concrete pedestal and began filmed 26.6 seconds and 486 frames of the President’s motorcade as it traveled down Elm Street, driving from left to right directly in front of his camera.
At frame 190 Lee Harvey Oswald, as history has always shown, fired the first shot with his Italian bolt-action rifle. It struck the Secret Service Agent Clint Hill in the right shoulder.
He loaded, aimed and fired one more 6.5 mm Carcano bullets wounding the President and Governor Connally.
By frame three hundred twenty Secret Service Agent Clint Hill, seriously wounded, is seen frantically holding on to the rear seat of the limousine as it speeds off under the triple overpass to Parkland Memorial Hospital where the President was rushed into the emergency room! “Please, Miss Lu, restart the film,” Dr. Kim anxiously begged.
Miss Lu pressed the restart button, the film continued. A man’s voice could be heard saying, “Here they come!” A woman’s voice behind the man said, “Take your time, I’ll balance you, so you don’t fall.” In the background, they could hear shouts and cheering, but suddenly from the left of the motorcade two ‘cracks’ of a rifle being fired are heard, very audibly and spaced rather close together. The motorcade passes behind a road sign and just as it emerges another ‘boom’ is heard coming, not from the same direction, but this shot comes from behind and to the right of Mr. Zapruder’s camera.
The President falls backward and to his left grasping at his throat. Voices on the screen are screaming “Get down!!" “What’s happening?” Someone screams, “They’ve shot the President!” Mixed in with this conversation were the sounds of people yelling and screaming. The wounded agent on the limousine’s trunk was heard weakly yelling, “Go! Go! Get going!” 
Quickly one more crack of a rifle is heard, but this one came from the same direction as the first two shots.
The motorcade speeds off.
The screen slowly goes dark. There was absolute silence in the room. Finally, Miss Lu speaks, “Explain please? I just witnessed your President Kennedy being shot and the car speeding off. What are you seeing that’s so important? I’ve seen that film before. It has been shown for years.”
This time Sarge pipes up, “Little Lady, it has previously been proven that President Kennedy was wounded by Lee Harvey Oswald, a lone assassin, who fired three shots with an Italian Carcano rifle from the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository. I have heard many Italian Carcano rifles fired and two of those shots sounded, amazingly, like a Carcano coming from the left of the cameraman, Mr. Abraham Zapruder. Left would be back toward the Texas State Book Depository. The first shot came from the same general direction of the Book Depository, but it sounded similar to a thirty-ought-six (30-06) M-1 rifle. The second came from the same direction as the first. The third seemed to come from behind Mr. Zapruder and it sounded like a pistol!! The forth was back toward the Book Depository building.”
Captain Scarburg said, “there was an extra shot in there!! It sounded to me as if the loud shot came from behind and to the right of where Mr. Zapruder was filming. He was on the north side of Elm Street; therefore, the shot must have come from the vicinity of the Grassy Knoll. I believe its report sounded more like a pistol than a rifle. The Carcano rifle uses a smaller 6.5 mm bullet than the larger 30-06 M-1 rifle; when fired the two have two totally different sounds as you could tell from the film. Three of the shots heard came from the same direction of the Texas School Book Depository one sounded like an M-1 military rifle, and the other two were of the 6.5 mm Italian military rifle style; the one from behind and the right was definitely a pistol. My conclusion:  There were, at least, three shooters in Dealey Plaza on November 22, 1963 and three different people took shots at President John F. Kennedy!”
Tinker with her limited knowledge of American history may not have known what Zapruder meant, but she obviously knew this was big... no it was enormous.
After Papa Scarburg concluded his analysis of what happened Captain Scarburg piped in, “Doggone-it Pop! I have always trusted our Government, but I agree with you, two of those shots were not a Carcano, and I agree - one came from behind and toward the Grassy Knoll’. There were at least three shooters involved that day, but why would our Government cover it up”?
Spook threw in his two cents, “This is unbelievable! Four shots, no doubt about it, three from the left and one from the right rear. What are we going to do about this?”
Sarge quickly answered, “Spook, believe-you-me we are going to find the answers.”
This was the beginning – September 1967.
SCAR became a Washington think-tank/research facility from this beginning back in the late 1960s following the discovery of an extraterrestrial spacecraft in the wilds of Cambodia. You read right... that word was extraterrestrial... a UFO... a flying saucer.
Anhur, one of the extraterrestrials, along with the help from Sam Lin and Si Lei helped Tinker, Papa Scarburg, Grandpa Scarburg and Spook escape from Cambodia into Thailand and finally got them safely home.

Chapter Six
1:00 P.M. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 2012 SCAR
CONFERENCE ROOM

Standing at a whiteboard, mounted on a wooden easel Captain Scarburg motioned to the assembling group as they entered the room, “Come on in people... find a seat around the conference table.” The table was an enormous polished mahogany job spacious enough to accommodate at least twenty, the group around the table hardly made a dent in the available seating. Moving to the end of the table he announced, “Get comfortable we’re going to be here for awhile.”
Moving back to his whiteboard he turned and spoke, “I’m sure you are wondering why I have called you all together? Well you are all here because tomorrow is the forty-ninth anniversary of the attempted assassination of John F. Kennedy. On his last birthday back in May the President was ninety-three years old, and reports say he is still pleasantly spry. Rose, his mother lived to the ripe old age of 104. I guess it is in his genes. They are throwing a huge celebration party for him out at the Kennedy compound at Hyannis Port tomorrow afternoon also.”
“You mean they are celebrating the fact the President was wounded?”
“Actually Gabby I believe they would be celebrating the fact he wasn’t killed!”
“Oh, yeah... right... sorry.”
“Obviously the topic of our meeting today is JFK,” the Captain said as he exposed the notes he had written on his whiteboard. “As you can see by the list I have outlined some questions about the attempt on his life which occurred back in ‘63. Yes, this is about JFK, but the outcome of our meeting today will affect all of you too. That is why you are all here,” said Captain Scarburg.
Seated around the table were all the founders of SCAR with the exception of Papa Scarburg. He died in the winter of 2002, but Spook and Tinker were present, so were Spook’s two brothers Sam Lin and Si Lei.
Gabrielle, or as the family calls her, Gabby, was seated across the table from her mother Krista who, for some strange reason was invited to attend also. She was sitting next to her husband, Trey. Next to Gabby was another brother Lou. Beside Lou was an empty chair - it should have been occupied by her other brother Bud; however, Bud was killed in the Southwest Asian War.
Bud’s death weighed heavy on the Scarburg family at a time like this. They always leave an empty place for him in his honor, like when our military flies in the “missing man” formation. They don’t do this to remember he is dead; they do it so they will never forget he was once alive, and a glorious part of their family.
The younger sister Olive Marie sat in the next seat. Forrest was opposite Captain Scarburg down on the end of the table – way down on the end!
“What’s going on Grandpa... why all the secrecy?”
“You all remember the stories Papa Scarburg, Spook, Tinker and I told you about the film we watched while we were rescuing Tinker at Pac Toul?”
“We sure do Grandpa... The Zapruder film was of President Kennedy’s attempted assassination wasn’t it’?
Gabby chimed in, “Grandpa we haven’t seen the Zapruder film you ran through the Edison machines. I don’t remember all the things you told us. Explain that again.”
“I guess you are right Gabby... and since that time so long ago we have been wanting to explore what we saw and heard on that 26.6 seconds of eight-millimeter tape. First and foremost, as most of you know the reason we have never pursued the events we saw on the film - it would consume almost all our resources. Importunately, it could also be very damaging to our national image if the truth were finally uncovered. Last but not least it could be hazardous to our health!”
“Hazardous! Like in what way? You mean dangerously?”
“I mean you don’t understand whom we will be dealing with if we get involved. Get it?” Captain Scarburg continued, “We will need to find out about all those people and their involvement in the Kennedy assassination attempt.”
“Those people do not want that information revealed. Those are some of the same individuals who know where Jimmy Hoffa is buried. They might not have known exactly the spot, but they possibly could have gotten close to the mile marker on the interstate highway.
These people do not play nicely.”
The Captain continued to explain about SCAR’s construction of an alien inspired machine called the Mindtraveler, oh yes the Mindtraveler...
Forrest had used it and remembered everything his Grandpa did while serving in Vietnam, long before it evolved into the Viruchi War. He remembered it all, every detail. How, one may wonder? He was there... not physically, but mentally. Papa Scarburg and Grandpa’s secretive job intrigued the sixteen-year-old Forrest. He began to play detective to see if he could find out the mysteries surrounding the work they did. They were acutely clandestine. He was an inquisitive young lad and thought it his ‘mission’ to find out what they were hiding. While exploring an old double-door steel safe of his Grandpa Captain Scarburg that he had broken into, he stumbled upon a small gizmo called the Mindtraveler. He later was told it was an alien inspired gadget that alters the concept of the time and space continuum using only the mind.
The apparatus was a small device approximately six inches in length and hexagon shaped. It was made of gold, platinum and silver and looked much like a beautiful clock. An explanation of how it works cannot be undertaken, actually, that would be pointless, no one knows exactly how it works, but it is known it allows a person, through some type of alien conceived technology, the ability to be mentally transported to another place and time. Not physically mind you, just mentally!!
The transported one will be able to see, hear and smell all the events they are watching; however, they are limited by the following caveats: they cannot participate - they cannot talk - and the people they see cannot see or communicate with them. They are merely an observer, nothing more, a ghost like apparition floating in the viewed person’s midst but totally invisible, and undetectable. The ‘transportee’, (at that time, would have been Forrest), could not participate, speak or involve himself in the events he witnessed. It mentally transported him to Vietnam - he saw it all. He witnessed the entire saga of his Grandpa Scarburg, Great-Grandpa Scarburg and Spook as they rescued Tinker. He was right there watching when Sam Lin and Si Lei helped them all escape from Cambodia into Thailand and finally watched them return safely home. 
 Captain Scarburg continued – “the Mindtraveler can only allow for mental transportation - the Timetraveler can physically transport human beings through the fabric of time. This time/space theoretical boundary supposedly separates Universes, which run parallel to each other. Einstein was the one who said, “time wasn’t a straight line with a beginning or an end but was curved, so that the past, present and future were all available at the same time - if we had a method to access each particular segment” Using the Mindtraveler we can only observe events but with the Timetraveler we believe we have “a method to access each particular segment” of time and can finally prove if Einstein’s concept of time is actually true. We believe we will be able to interact with others in the time-period we visit. We gained this knowledge from the alien documents Pop, Spook, Tinker and I brought back from Cambodia. Sam and Si you both had a big hand in this too.”
“Okay,” said Gabby. “I hear your words, but what does this mean?”

“ARE YOU CRAZY?”

As Forrest sat listening to Gabby, he had to agree with her. What was his Grandpa trying to say? Was he suggesting they do something with the new Timetraveler machine? The Timetraveler was designed to travel from one Parallel Universe to another Parallel Universe. Forrest personally thought this could be extremely dangerous for the first human, guinea pig. Was SCAR even remotely close to being ready to attempt human transport, Forrest questioned? He didn’t even know if Parallel Universes existed. The only proof was in the alien documents and who knew if they were correct? He did not want to bet someone’s life on them. 
Olive Marie had been sitting quietly too, but with the mention of Parallel Universes she perked up, “Grandpa, you know I am the youngest one here, and you all already understand this concept, but what is a ‘Parallel Universe’?”
“Olive, in simple terms a Parallel Universe is a theory stating entire separate universes can be parallel, or running side by side or simultaneously with our own, but they all share a common beginning. Each event in every universe can be altered to generate another path to yet another universe possibly the one we are in presently. If someone knew the exact time a universe split, theoretically by changing events at that very moment this split might not happen. We have constructed the Timetraveler to try and prove this theory...” 
Before Grandpa could go on, Forrest felt he had to say something... anything... he just needed to sound intelligent. Speaking with as much authority as he could muster he muttered, “Grandpa, this... new machine has never been tested with... humans - are you trying to say you want someone to travel back to the day of the Kennedy tragedy, in that... that... gadget. We have tried to transport several things from the launch site to different periods in the past, but I also understand we don’t know if they ever arrived at their assigned destinations, and we definitely have never been able to retrieve any of the... the... time traveling machines, have we?”
Turning from his board, Grandpa answered, “Yes, Forrest you are indeed correct, to a point. We have sent three expeditions into the past, and yes, you are also correct in saying we do not know if they arrived at their destination. We certainly have never retrieved any of them, and you asked if I wanted to send someone back in time to analyze the shooting of JFK. I do not... I do not want to send someone, I want to send not one but a number of you here this morning!!”
Gabby jumped to her feet and yelled, “Grandpa! Are you crazy? We don’t even know if your stu... stupid contraption will even work!”
“Being one of my two favorite granddaughters I am not going to take offense to your remark,” he said smiling. “But I believe there is a way to test the Timetraveler before we actually try to use it. And, by the way, since it is my custom to nickname everything, I have renamed the time machine ‘Pegasus’, the famed flying horse of Greek mythology, instead of calling it the Timetraveler. If Pegasus operates as it is intended, I envision it will be like riding a beautiful winged, flying stallion off into the sunset! Or, it could be more like riding a lightning bolt! We will soon find out.”
“Wait just a cotton-picking minute! We? Who are the ‘we’ you are speaking of? Darn it Grandpa do you have a rat in your pocket - I believe I speak for everyone, WE are not going to get into your time traveling Pegasus contraption,” exclaimed Gabby. Then emphatically added, “so don’t try to butter us up, WE... ARE... NOT... GOING!”
“Just hear me out Gabby.” Turning back to his board, Grandpa said, “I noticed all of you were reading my notes on the board. Let’s take a look at the information I have written.”
Grabbing a laser pointer Grandpa pointed to each item he had listed and explained briefly their significance: 
1. Attempted Assassin - Lee Harvey Oswald.
2. Oswald was the lone shooter, fired from Texas School Book Depository.
3.  Official records - three shots fired.
4.  President wounded by a lone assassin.
5. President Kennedy received severe bullet wound to head and back.
6.  Secret Service Agent Hill wounded in back and survived.
7.  Jack Ruby arrested walking to Dallas police headquarters.
8.  Severely hurt but after months of recuperation President Kennedy survives.
9.  Kennedy re-elected to a second term in 1964.
      10.  Brother Robert Kennedy was JFK’s vice president in 1964.
“Does everyone agree those are the historical facts of the attempted assassination of President John F. Kennedy? The same facts found in our history books, and taught in every school in America - right? I would like for you to place your initials beside each statement you agree is correct.”
“Okay, Grandpa right,” said Gabby, “we all know President Kennedy was shot, severely wounded, but he survived and the rest of what you’ve listed is true, so I’ll put my initials on your board, but what does this have to do with anything? Especially about testing that Pegasus alien gadget?”
“You will see in a minute Gabby, and it is not an alien gadget. Yes, we did use their documents, blueprints and instructions, but we were the ones who actually constructed the machine. It is not their gadget it is OUR gadget.”
“Grandpa, please explain it to me again. This time in English,” said Gabby.

Chapter Seven
DEALY PLAZA, DALLAS TEXAS

Destiny - ‘a preordained set of events for a particular occurrence’ - is a funny phenomenon. It can be set in motion or altered in a split second. The problem is we do not know when such a moment is going to occur. On this particular day, destiny’s clock began to tick at 12:30 p.m. November 22, 1963; however, the paths of destiny sometime lead to different destinations.
On this date, at exactly 12:30 President John Fitzgerald Kennedy was almost assassinated on Elm Street. Elm is located on the north side of a grassy park known as Dealey Plaza in downtown Dallas, Texas. Did you think a mistake was made when the word ‘almost’ was used instead of ‘was’? Then you would be correct it was ‘almost’ but it was no mistake - as known from studying American history books the assassination did not fail!! What? Then this must be wrong... is this a lie? Or is it a twist of the truth? No, nothing of the sort, the murder of President Kennedy was totally unsuccessful as the headline banner in the Dallas Times Herald the next morning November 23, 1963 confirms:

JFK - ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT FAILED
Texas Governor Also Wounded By Assassin’s Bullet

The story about to be revealed was true. True in every aspect, however, until now only one side of the JFK tragedy was known, the story the world has always taken as fact - the path of destiny, which ended with John F. Kennedy being assassinated.
What is now going to be revealed is another world, an alternate world, a parallel world in which the road of destiny diverged on November 22, 1963. In this world, President John Kennedy did survive the assassination attempt, and this world is just as true as the present one. We could be living in that other world today, thankfully we are not. It is said: truth is sometimes stranger than fiction. How true this is, how unbelievable true.
Einstein figured out the physics concerning a phenomenon mere mortals just cannot grasp. In fact, the more one thinks about it the more confusing it becomes. He said time was not a straight line. Meaning it did not start yesterday and will not end tomorrow. There’s something remarkable about time - something Captain Scarburg and Pegasus will discover.
If a person were aware something was about to happen they could give a more precise description of what just took place. Confusion, panic, fear would all push a person’s mental faculties to the limit if the event were spontaneous. This obviously happened on that fateful November day. For now imagine what the United States and the rest of the world would be like if the Assassin had not accomplished his mission. We will not dwell on this but rather focus on the events of that nearly cataclysmic day. 
President Kennedy did not survive the attempt on his life on November 22, 1963. The Captain was there that eventful day!! What!! That can’t be right, but he was and his personal involvement resulted in the assassination of John F. Kennedy, the thirty-fifth President of the United States of America. 
Robert Edward Scarburg, Jr., better known as Captain Robert Scarburg, killed President John F. Kennedy!!
A better explanation would be - he allowed the President to be killed, rather than he personally killed him. Killed implied direct involvement in the murder. Captain Scarburg was no murderer; in fact if anything he was a patriot of the highest order. Papa Scarburg was a hero of the highest order also; in fact, he was awarded the Medal of Honor in Vietnam. After understanding the Captain’s part in that account, it will be self-evident if a Medal of Honor could be awarded to a civilian, he would have been the recipient.
The record needs to be set straight since the Captain and a few others created this present Universe. The truth is: there are dozens of roads of destiny, and they can all be right. They just arrive in the future at the same time but with totally different results
This makes no sense, there was a plan to assassinate President Kennedy, and it was successful. The President was murdered in Dealy Plaza, Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963.’ That’s true, and it was successful, it did not fail. So, where does the idea that the assassin did not complete his mission come from?
Wasn’t anyone paying attention in U.S. History? It’s right there in black and white. John F. Kennedy not only survived but also was re-elected president in 1964. Vice Lyndon Baines Johnson succeeded Kennedy - wrong! Kennedy remained president for two terms. In fact, his brother Robert was Vice President in his successful 1964 re-election. There never was a President Lyndon Baines Johnson. Not is that Parallel Universe.
As previously stated: what is about to be disclosed is true. This is not crazy, and one does not need to be strapped in a tightly bound, little white jacket and locked in a padded room once it has been told.
President Kennedy DOES survive the assassin’s bullet that terrible day, but on the other hand President Kennedy DOES NOT survive the assassin’s bullet that day. What? How could he both survive and at the same time not survive? Well, this is the incredible story, which will soon be told. The explanation involves physics, Einstein, particles and waves, Parallel Universes and well... well... much, much more. By the time this story is finished some of you will be scratching your heads in disbelief, rest assured everything about to be reported is a true scientific fact. It happened. The entire story will be told; however, to understand fully let’s just begin at the beginning – in that other Parallel Universe of yesterday.

Chapter Eight
A RIDE ON PEGASUS

Placing the marker back on the stand, Captain Scarburg turned to the group sitting at the table, “This may sound strange, but each of you has voted on the accuracy of the information on this chart. You acknowledged the accuracy of my chart by placed your initials next to the statements which you agreed on, making them so big I can see them without my reading specs’.” Captain Scarburg then stepped out in front of his easel, picked up his camera and snapped a picture of his notes complete with their initials. “Just a picture for my files,” he said flipping a cover sheet over from the back to hide his notes.
Turning toward the conference table, “Say cheese,” as he clicked a picture of everyone sitting at the table. Walking back to the podium he picked up a black leather bag. The bag was about the size of a small duffle, and he unceremoniously swung it over his shoulder. “Lou, Sam Lin, Si Lei would you please come up here and assist me?” The three did as Grandpa beckoned. Grandpa handed them a security tag and instructed them to insert the tag’s metal prong through the two closing tabs of the bag and firmly attach the tag to the bag. Once attached the seal would have to be broken in order to open the bag and remove the contents.
“What is the purpose of the security tag Captain?” Lou asked.
“All in good time, Lou, all in good time. I left something back in the lab facility concerning this meeting. I must get it before I continue. Krista, please play the CD that I gave you earlier. It will document all the details of that fateful November 22, 1963 day at Dealy Plaza, Dallas, Texas. That information will refresh your memory concerning the attempted assassination of President Kennedy. We can talk more about it when I return.”
Captain Scarburg walked briskly across the room toward the door. As the ‘click-clack-click-clack’ of his boots echoed off the hard oak flooring, they all sat staring at each other with a quizzical look on their faces. 
Before reaching the door, Captain Scarburg turned, smiled at the group and said, “You all be on your best behavior, don’t mess with my board and remember this room is wired with state of the art technology – you will be watched.” As he spoke he snapped another picture of the entire room.
Their questioning expressions would have been hard to miss. ‘What is he up to?’ Wondered the group.
“Back in a minute,” he said opening the door.
The time was 2:15 p.m., Monday November 19, 2012.

Blast off was scheduled for 2:30:00 exactly. Blast off!! What was this talk of a blast off? Blast off of what?
Forrest and the others sat in the conference room waiting and wondering what was happening. Grandpa was sure acting strangely. What was he up to? 
Everyone in the room realized the Captain wasn’t being truthful, but what was the truth? The SCAR team in the conference room had forcefully suggested Forrest use the Mindtraveler to follow and observe whatever his Grandpa was doing, and they needed a report from first hand
This is the device the SCAR group in the conference room was trying to get Forrest to use  - once again to spy on his Grandfather. Spy may not be an apt word, it may be a tad strong in this case, but that was exactly the intent. 
SCAR is a total team, they check and balance each other - one member doesn’t get into danger or become overextended and find himself or herself in trouble totally alone. No member has to bare the burden of SCAR’s responsibility when tough decisions have to be made. Since Forrest had used the Mindtraveler before, they thought he would agree. They were wrong - Forrest wanted no part in spying on his grandfather. The last time he tried sleuthing he found out more than he wanted, or needed, to know. This time they would have to wait until Captain Scarburg returned to find out where he went and for what purpose. 
The time was 2:18:45. 

Captain Scarburg walked across the hall to the elevator. Entering the elevator he inserted his access card allowing him authorization to the floor labeled ‘LAB’. He pressed a four number combination on the keypad, which only gained him entrance to the lab located in the sub-levels of the office building. Any visitor to the restricted area must possess an access card and code numbers just to get to the lab level. Once there an armed guard greets the visitor as the elevator door opens. The guard will check credentials before allowing entry into the area where Pegasus is located. These procedures are strictly enforced. Deadly force is authorized if warranted.
In the middle of this glass and stainless steel room, a room as sterile as any hospital operating room, sat the most glorious, dazzling object one could imagine. It was bathed in the glow from dozens of lights focused on its polished titanium skin. At first glance, it resembled the Saturn nose cones, which carried the astronauts to the moon and back; but after closer examination it looked more like a ‘flying saucer’. This engineering marvel was not of this world either. Well actually that particular one was. Pegasus had been constructed in the SCAR laboratory, but the blueprints that provided its design were provided by documents found by Captain Scarburg in Cambodia. The documents were part of a huge stockpile of extraterrestrial material found at Pac Toul. Captain Scarburg, Spook, Tinker, Sam Lin and Si Lei were all instrumental in returning the documents to the U.S. for SCAR’s use.
In fact, that was the purpose for the formation of SCAR - to decipher and build the apparatuses described in the alien documents. SCAR did not invent any of the mechanisms. They have existed all along on the planet Sunev, but now Earthlings have been allowed to use the alien technology to re-invent these gadgets and machines for mankind’s benefit. Some of SCARs inventions are: cellphones, communication satellites, personal computers, flat screen televisions, digital cameras, compact discs, video recorders, the internet and the lists go on and on. The exciting part is SCAR has only decoded roughly one-fourth of the entire alien collection of documents and blueprints. It makes one wonder what marvelous inventions future generations will discover in the remaining papers?
On the exterior surface of the silver Pegasus SCAR had etched a two-foot circle divided into four equal sections. Each quarter section contained the following: the first section had an outline of a man's face; the second represented a lion; the third was a bull and the last one an image of an eagle.
SCAR used these four symbols because they were the same images inscribed on the alien flying saucer that transported the scientists held hostage at Pac Toul, Cambodia in 1967. These aliens had been visiting the Earth for thousands of years, and at each location, they left a face, a lion, a bull and an eagle carved, chiseled or painted on a rock, a monument or entwined within an engraving or painting. Always inscribed in a circle divided into four segments. The symbols are always there; however, in most archaeological digs, due to the long passage of time since the aliens left them, and most time those on the archeological dig do not know what to look for, and they may never discover them.
When cleared by the security guard, Captain Scarburg hurried over to the Flight Director’s (FD) office. The FD’s office, and a number of other offices formed a circle around the interior wall leaving Pegasus sitting majestically in the bull’s eye of the large circular room. Its gleaming metallic surface glistened in the bright light. The FD was the leader of the entire flight control team consisting of approximately fifty people. He was also the person who would give the go ahead for Pegasus Control Center to begin the countdown. The FD would continue to monitor the Transport Launch Sequence (TLS). 
The TLS was required prior to the initiation of the alteration of the molecular structure or transporting as it had begun to be called. The four primary flight computers on Pegasus monitored all of these split-second transporting events. The object, or in this case, a human body, had to be scanned, and all the billions and billions of molecular data separated and stored as information in the computer. Once transport occurred the computers must re-arrange the molecular information back into the exact configuration they had been in before they were dissected into billions and billions of bits of computer datum. 
Part of the TLS was the input of a precise destination time in the past. Even though, Einstein said time was not a straight line, but in this case, it had to be. Pegasus must go back and arrive at an exact moment in time, in a specific place; otherwise, the computers go haywire and cannot reconstruct the time machine. The location is determined by GPS (another SCAR invention) coordinates. Accuracy at the arrival point must be measured to a distance less than ten feet; however, no one knows if Pegasus did or did not arrive at its targeted destination point. Obviously that is only part of the problem. The cameras within the interior and exterior of Pegasus will record all the gages, which would show when and where the craft arrived, but none of the time machines has ever returned, so it is impossible to determine whether the program was on the right path or not. Some of the flight engineers at SCAR believed the time-machines may have arrived at the pre-determined location, and on the programmed date, but twenty-four hours later when it de-materialized to return home something must have gone haywire with the onboard computers, and God only knows where the machines went from there. They may be 1,000 years in the future or lost in the stone age of the past. One thing was known for sure, they did not come back to the laboratory at SCAR headquarters. A cave man may be standing outside his cave at this very moment poking one of the shiny, round, time machines with his stone tipped spear urging it to get out of his way.
The one thing vital to a successful mission: Pegasus must land on a flat surface. If the angle of the craft is leaning more than three degrees the gyros will not properly balance, and the rotation of the rotors will not function correctly. Return flight will be impossible. Was this what caused the previous flights’ failure? No one knows.
There were a lot of unknowns to time traveling with the various earlier models of Pegasus, and, so far, with dire consequences. Months if not years may be required to perfect its transporting ability, although the alien documents indicate it is possible to do so safely. SCAR’s engineers and scientists do not know, for sure, where the previous Pegasus’ have gone. Did they land in the correct place? No one knew the answer. Did the transported object get reconfigured? Again, the answer was unknown. And worst of all - Pegasus had never been brought back home. To date a total of three Pegasus machines has been lost... Who knows? Maybe the interpretation of the alien blueprints for Pegasus’s construction was wrong - Pegasus may NEVER work.
When Captain Scarburg left the conference room the SCAR family had no idea he planned to put his own life in peril. If they had known the Captain was going to ride number four they would have attempted to talk some sense into his thick head. 
Blast off was less than fifteen minutes away
Captain Scarburg knew all these risks. He had a mission to complete. He had to prove to those waiting upstairs that Pegasus would work. His “sixth sense” told him the alien blueprints were accurate. He reasoned if he could be sent back to the correct time and at the proper coordinates then molecular re-assembly would occur. He strongly believed he could figure out how to get his flying saucer back home. Captain Scarburg was a full-scale optimist.
Earlier the Captain had formulated a plan with the Pegasus Flight Team. He had informed Mr. Ryan Rousseau, Chief of Experimental Design and the Pegasus Flight Director that he, the Captain would personally be the guinea pig for the next ‘flight’. Mr. Rousseau had been a SCAR team member from SCARs early inception; actually he had been involved before SCAR was formed.
Mr. Rousseau had been the head of the Special Operations Division, working in the CIA office in Bangkok, Thailand. He worked with Spook’s two brothers Sam Lin and Si Lei Kim. In fact, he had been their division supervisor when Spook explained to Sam Lin and Si Lei that Papa Scarburg’s Special Forces A-Team had found the alien documents in Cambodia. Needing help within the CIA community Sam Lin and Si Lei had to take Mr. Rousseau into their confidence and explain the mission Papa Scarburg, Captain Scarburg, Spook and Tinker, were engaged in, a mission that only a few knew, or should know about. 
Spook and the Captain also informed Spook’s two brothers of the discrepancies in the President Kennedy Zapruder film. Sam Lin and Si Lei realized those alien documents were monumental and could be vital to US security and beneficial to society as a whole. They decided to become a part of the team. It was entirely through their help and with assistance from Mr. Rousseau that Papa Scarburg, Captain Scarburg, Spook and Tinker escaped from Thailand and were able to return to the United States. Later they, with the exception of Mr. Rousseau, would establish the SCAR organization and facilities.
Ryan Rousseau and the Captain had been colleagues for over forty years. The Captain considered him a close friend. Rousseau was instrumental in helping Sam Lin and Si Lei arrange all the inside CIA connections in Thailand. His help allowed the team to avoid capture and escape to the USA. He thought he deserved a top leadership role; however, the recognition as a SCAR founder was his ultimate goal. Rather than being thought of as a charter member, an equal to the Captain, Spook, Sam Lin and Si Lei, he considered himself an underling, a mere supervisor within SCAR. 
Rousseau harbored a deep, dark secret. A terrible secret he did not want revealed. A secret he would go to any lengths, including murder, to protect. This secret was much more sinister than just his desire to be recognized as a SCAR founding member.   
The Captain’s “trip” was to begin at exactly 2:30:00 p.m. on Monday November 19, 2012 local Washington, D.C. time. The destination was programmed into the Pegasus computers for him to land on the roof at the southwest corner of the Texas School Book Depository (TSBD), 411 Elm Street. The TSBD was located on the northeast side of Dealy Plaza in Dallas, Texas. The time of arrival was programmed for exactly 12:29:30 p.m., on Friday, November 22, 1963, forty-nine years plus one day, earlier. Extraction was to be at exactly 12:29:30 p.m. Saturday, November 23, 1963, exactly twenty-four hours after arrival. The spacecraft would remain visible for only five minutes after landing at its destination then it would disappear. Pegasus would not reappear until 12:24:30 a.m. on Saturday, November 23, 1963, twelve hours later, and twelve hours before departure. It was supposed to re-appear back at the SCAR laboratory at 2:30:32 p.m. Monday, November 19, 2012. Two seconds after it left! To paraphrase a famous general: ‘The plan of battle usually goes awry at the sound of the first gun.’ Need more be said about the Captain’s bold adventure?
After landing in Dallas, the Captain would have to open the hatch, jump from the ‘flying saucer’, attack the shooter on the roof, disrupt the assassin’s first shot, and if able, jump back through the hatch into Pegasus before it disappeared. It must disappear; the roof will be swarming with police just minutes after the first shots are fired at the President. Five minutes might be cutting it short, for once the hatch closes the craft dematerializes and the Captain will not be able to enter Pegasus and return for twelve hours. 
This five-minute period of time would be some of the most dramatic five minutes in American history.
Why wait twenty-four hours before attempting extraction of Pegasus? 
It was believed the Sunev aliens engineered the automatic exit flight exactly twenty-four hours later as a safety margin. This would allow some leeway in case something went wrong. During this time, Pegasus would be totally invisible except for a five-minute window of time exactly twelve hours later, and it would not materialize again until five minutes before the 12:29:30 p.m. November 23, 1963 departure time. If something went wrong, this five-minute appearance of Pegasus would allow someone to re-enter the craft.
It was necessary to land on top of the Texas School Book Depository at the southeastern corner of the roof at exactly thirty seconds past 12:29. The shooting of President Kennedy occurred at 12:30 sharp. A witness had placed a second shooter on the roof in that exact location - this shooter was using a 30-06 rifle. A much more powerful rifle than the 6.5 mm Italian Carcano supposedly used by Lee Harvey Oswald. Papa Scarburg, the Captain, Spook and Tinker all say they heard four shots fired as they viewed the Zapruder film on the ‘Edison’. Papa Scarburg and Captain Scarburg both military men, recognized two of the weapon discharges, as coming from a 30-06 rifle, if not a 30-06 it surely wasn’t a 6.5 mm Carcano rifle. Additionally, we know in the Alternate Universe Agent Hill jumps on the rear of the limousine after the first shot is fired and is hit in the back by the second shot saving President Kennedy from a fatal wound. The Captain had to distract this shooter long enough to allow Lee Harvey Oswald or whoever to fire the fatal second shot. This second shot would hit the head of the target at which they were aiming - President John Kennedy.
President Kennedy would be killed, and destiny’s road would take a totally different path. Earth’s destiny will be set on the correct course. Since we had the benefit of knowing the course of both the current Universe and the original Universe, there was no doubt the original was the right choice.

LAUNCH!

The Transport Launch Sequence leading up to the departure of Pegasus had already started approximately thirty minutes before Captain Scarburg arrived in the laboratory. He had to hurry, it was already 2:20 p.m. - only ten minutes to ‘transport’. 
 He quickly jumped into his bright red flight suit and slid through the entrance hatch. The Flight Prep Crew hurried to secure his safety harness and flight helmet when he heard the Crew Chief Mike Watkins announce from the Pegasus Control Center, “T minus four minutes, thirty seconds.” This command activated the craft’s operational instrument recorders. Time in this world was running out, but before that happened disaster was about to strike. The Flight Prep Crew could not get one of the d-ring buckles to lock on the Captain’s harness. It had to be fastened, or the mission had to be aborted. If postponed, it would be hours, if not days, before Pegasus could be prepared for another attempt. The bank of onboard computer, which have many different types of formulas and equations, would have to be re-programmed in order to manipulate the time/space continuum. The re-programming was essential to insure the craft arrived at its preselected destination.
At T minus thirty-one seconds, Pegasus’s onboard computers started their terminal launch sequence. Although, according to the alien documents the ‘flying saucer’ remained exactly in the middle of the staging area where it started, it never actually moved, only the world around it changed to the Pegasus selected destination GPS coordinates. The craft just broke the thin fabric of time though a wormhole and crossed into another Parallel Universe. Strange huh? But the problem still remained – Captain Scarburg’s harness was still not fastened! The launch window was quickly closing. “Come on we have less than thirty-one seconds to get the latch snapped shut - do something - anything!!” With this demand, one of the Flight Prep Crew grabbed a pair of Vice-Grip pliers and with all his might squeezed the latch closed. It might never open again, but the Captain simply could slip out of the harness even with this latch locked. He gave the Prep Crew a thumbs up signal - he was finally ready to go as they hurriedly tried to get everyone out the hatch - time was running out!!
At T minus ten seconds, the "Go for Magnetic Rotor Start" command is issued by the TLS. All physical connections from Pegasus to the launch facility have been severed. Pegasus was ‘good to go’. Captain Scarburg quickly pointed his camera out the porthole to his front and snapped a picture.
At T minus six seconds, the three main rotors energized at intervals of 110 milliseconds. The rotors had three seconds to throttle up to 95 percent rotational speed. At T minus three seconds, if the main rotors were at the required ninty-five percent, the ‘Tachyon’ sequence started. Theoretically a Tachyon is a sub-atomic particle moving faster than the speed of light. The Pegasus’s four primary flight computers monitor all of these faster than the speed of light events.
At T minus zero, the craft began to disappear and totally ‘departed’ the staging area at T plus seven seconds. Hopefully, at T plus twenty-three seconds the craft and Captain Scarburg should appear on the roof of the School Book Depository. The Captain had to exit the vehicle, accost the shooter on the roof, disable him somehow and get back into the time machine before the allotted five minutes had expired.
From the window of his office, Ryan Rousseau stood and watched Pegasus gradually de-materialize into thin air. His right hand rubbed the whiskers of his beard, but this hand did not cover the diabolical grin he had as Captain Scarburg’s flight disappeared. 

Chapter Nine
THE UNIVERSE HAS A PLAN

The day was beautiful - a clear, deep cobalt sky was directly overhead, which faded as one looked toward the horizon to a gorgeous blue-green. It was Friday, a dazzling autumn day in the city of Dallas, Texas. A day where one could say, ‘Isn’t it thrilling to be alive just to be a part of such a magnificent day?’ Decade’s later people would remember this day and know exactly what they had been doing; exactly where they were; exactly what they said and saw on this most incomparable day. By then words like, awful, dreadful, horrible and terrifying would replace the words marvelous, magnificent and beautiful - soft, gentle words, which would no longer be used in conjunction with this egregious autumn day in November 1963.
Earlier in the morning there had been a drizzling, cold rain, but as if nature knew how momentous this day was to become the sun was now out in all its southwestern brilliance. Even the clouds had hidden themselves from view as if saying they did not want to be witness to the day’s coming events. The air was brisk and fresh with a slight northerly breeze gently blowing over the Texas School Book Depository buildings built on the northeast corner of Dealy Plaza. But this was nothing unusual for this time of the year in the Lone Star state of Texas. Now the sun was shining, and everything in nature seemed to be in perfect balance. Dealy Plaza was a park, and a beautiful sight to see. Bounded on the east by Houston Street, on the north by Elm and on the south by Commerce; Main Street neatly split the Plaza into north and south sections; the west end was bounded by the Triple Train Overpass.
At the northwest corner, of Elm and Houston Street on Dealy Plaza was the Texas School Book Depository and diagonally and down the street a bit to the east on Houston was the Dallas City Jail. A flock of pigeons was clearly visibly above the school book building, fluttering off in all directions, up and over the oversized, red lettered ‘HERTZ RENT A CAR’ sign, and the Chevrolet sign with its digital clock mounted above. Both the Chevrolet and the time clock signs used big, bright, yellow letters that could be seen for blocks. That day, the clock’s yellow, digital letters seemed to click slowly. Time was so surreal it was spooky. It were as if the clock itself said, “Stop, I must stop,” but onward the minutes clicked... ticking unceasingly to arrive at the time destiny had allotted for this moment! It would seem, somehow, the elements had picked up on what was about to happen. It was as though, somehow, an invisible finger slipped into the beautiful day and pointed as to say, "Careful now, the Universe has a plan."
A time that will be forever etched into every hidden recess of the minds of all who stood mesmerized - unwilling witnesses to the unfolding panorama of one of history’s greatest events which would be played out as if on a stage right before their eyes.
As Presidential Roosevelt said of December 7, 1941, “a day that will forever live in infamy.” This day, November 22, 1963, would also be remembered forever. Anyone looking at the clock would have noticed...
The time was Friday, November 22, 1963, 12:27:32. 

The day was beautiful - a clear blue November day. A day where it could be said, ‘Isn’t it thrilling to be alive on such a day?’ Haven’t you heard this uttered before? You are right... but it doesn’t alter the fact as it began no one realized it had the potential of becoming an extraordinary eventful autumn day!! Extraordinary? Amazing, incredible, inconceivable, or unimaginable. Those words may convey what this day was destined to mean to the United States of America!!
Yes, the brisk morning was refreshing, with a slight northwestern to southeastern breeze but nothing unusual for this time of the year in the Lone Star State. The parade route was covered with the Texas flag. Every utility pole along the parade route appeared to fly at least one flag. As, the song lamented, ‘The eyes of Texas are upon you’, surely bore truth to this austere group of the country’s most influential politicians that warm November day. The sun brightly shone, and everything seemed to be in perfect unison with the total surrounding.
It seemed as if nothing could spoil such a magnificent demonstration of love and admiration the crowd showed for the President of the United States - John Fitzgerald Kennedy and his beautiful First Lady Jacqueline. She was adorned in a double-breasted, strawberry pink and navy trimmed Chanel wool suit, with a matching pink pillbox hat. In her arms, she nestled a beautiful bouquet of red roses given to her on her arrival at Dallas’s Love Field by Mrs. Earle Cabell, the wife of Dallas’s mayor Earle Cabell.
The motorcade slowly began its right ninety-degree turn leaving Main Street and heading north on Houston. The noonday sun was brilliant, and shining almost directly into the eyes of the occupants of the automobiles. Although late in autumn, this November day was especially bright and warm. The driver Special Agent Bill Green and his partner Assistant Special Agent-In-Charge Roy Kellerman, wearing the ever-present wire rimmed dark sunglasses, squinted into the bright sun. Their job was to watch for anything suspicious, or abnormal before the Presidential limousine, behind them, arrived. The Secret Service men jumped from the running boards and stood on the black asphalt preventing the crowd from pushing forward toward the occupants of the limousine as it crept almost timelessly around the corner.
The time was 12:28:30, Friday, November 22, 1963.

A JOURNEY TOWARD DESTINY

Patrolman James E. Brown, Sergeant W. Willis and Patrolman Edward D. Jones of the Dallas Motor Division mounted on their large black and white motorcycles rode approximately one-half block ahead of President Kennedy’s limousine. In this position, they were quick to help the Secret Service block the intersections. Officer Brown who was in front sped forward and positioned his Harley crossways to block the intersection of Houston and Elm. Willis and Jones continued on around the corner clearing the throng of people, especially those congregating in front of the Texas State Book Depository. 
Little did anyone realize the man in the back seat, perspiring and waving to the crowd beneath the hot Texas sun, might be enjoying the last couple of minutes of his extraordinary Camelot life. Could he perhaps have had a premonition of his future? Was he aware of the approaching tragedy? Could this destiny we speak of change if the car sped up? Or maybe it should slow down? Would it matter, who knows, but fate was about to enter the scene - a historic moment was about to occur and occur quickly, so quick, in fact, dozens of eyewitnesses to this day, cannot agree on the actual sequence of events that took place that horrible day?
Doctors say the human memory is unreliable; although, tremendous faith is placed on it. The brain is not a computer storing data on its hard drive where it can be retrieved instantly and precisely. The human computer shapes facts, contorts images, fills in gaps and merges perceived knowledge with unknown information to formulate what it believes is the truth. Is it lying? Most certainly it was not, but it may not be precisely the truth either. 
The black 1961 Lincoln Continental limousine, code named SS-100-X crept... five maybe ten miles per hour... slowly... slowly... as if time stood still. It was merely a Detroit constructed machine, it was hard to believe, but those present that day say it appeared the limousine knew what was about to transpire. It was as if that Henry Ford inspired large piece of steel could see the people waving; hear the cheers and shouts of greeting from the assembled crowd of well-wishers. The dignitaries in the caravan waved back, it was truly a momentous event. What a joyous, jubilant day, a day to be remembered forever. Oh how totally correct this prediction would prove to be!
Just a few more yards and a 120 degree turn west onto Elm Street; down Elm through the triple overpass; turn right up the ramp to North Stemmons Freeway to the Dallas Trade Mart at 2100 North Stemmons, a mere five minute drive. JFK would deliver another speech and share in a sizzling, mouth-watering Texas raised T-bone. The luncheon to be hosted by the Democratic Party of Dallas along with key government, business, religious, and civic leaders and their spouses. Later Air Force One, the giant silver and blue Boeing 707 officially known as “two-six-thousand”, 26000, would leave Love Field in Dallas and fly to Austin for another speech, this time for a fund raising dinner at the Municipal Auditorium. After that a leisurely motorcade drive of fourteen miles west to the ranch of Vice President Lyndon Johnson for a weekend of fun and relaxation.
The time was 12:29:10.

“WHAT THE...WHAT WAS THAT?”

This was the official well-planned motorcade route; however, things were about to go awry but awry is not a strong or powerful enough word to encompass this day’s events... one must invent a new word describing the next few minutes taking place next to the grassy Dealy Plaza, in the center of Dallas, Texas. Everything seemed to proceed as planned. In fact, one Secret Service agents riding in the automobile following the presidential vehicle radioed the words “Five Minutes” to the waiting agents at the Dallas Trade Mart. Little did he realize that was going to be an exceedingly long five minutes?
As the Secret Service agent finished his two-word message his world came crashing down, he would never be the same after this moment in time.... 
The plan for the Presidential parade did not include the sharp crack of a rifle, or the explosive reports of other weapons being fired, which reverberated off the surrounding buildings. 
“What the... what was that?” Someone in the press car asked.
The first indication that there was a problem were the birds - pigeons, to be precise, gathered on the rooftop at the corner of Houston and Elm Streets. The building was the Texas School Book Depository. The birds suddenly fluttered into the midday sky. What startled them? Nature’s tiny creatures seemly had a gift. What was it called? A... a... sixth sense, yes that’s the phrase “a sixth sense.” Those tiny creatures seemed to sense the impending disaster just before it occurred. Was that the case here?
Had someone arrived on the roof of one of those buildings? What caused the alarm to the birds? At almost the precise instant, the birds took flight, or maybe a fraction after, a loud noise was heard - perhaps it was a car backfire? No... it could be the muffler discharge from one of the dozens of Harley Davidson police motorcycles. These ‘cycles were slowly maneuvering down the street. The distinctive “potato”, “potato”, “potato”, rhythmic exhaust sound of their two syrup bucket size pistons created a noise only a seventy-four cubic inch Harley two-cylinder engine could make. A firecracker? Who would be crazy enough to set off fireworks in this crowd? But what was that explosive report? A different description depends on which witnesses were describing the noises they heard.
About the only thing, most of the eyewitnesses agree on was the first shot. It occurred just after the presidential limousine made its final momentous left turn onto Elm Street off Houston. In slightly less than 300 feet, the way Americans view their government forever would change. No longer would Washington be trusted. No longer would officials be trusted, and no longer would the word conspiracy be considered a theory.
There was a slight drop in elevation as Elm continued downward toward the triple overpass. At this crossroad of history, there would be a large drop in the prestige of our U.S. government too.
As Abraham Zapruder’s movie film slowly clicked off the frame by frame advancement of the president’s limousine... 310... 311... 312...and then at exactly frame number 313 the first shot occurred. What was heard? No one knows, the first shot was not recorded on Mr. Zapruder’s silent slice of historical film. The sound of the rifle shots are still a tremendous matter of speculation: how many, from which direction and what were they fired from? The only ones that might have an idea would be the SCAR team that first witnessed the film, with full sound, in Cambodia, but one thing is known for certain. 
The time was exactly 12:30, Friday November 22, 1963.

Chapter Ten
12:30 P.M., FRIDAY NOVEMBER 22, 1963
DALLAS, TEXAS

The time was 12:30 on the dot. No one looked at a watch to validate the exact time. The hour later would be verified by photographs of the large Hertz time clock on the roof of the School Book Depository building. The events transpired so fast it left no time for witnesses to glance at their watches. They could not remove their eyes from the grisly scene being played out in front of them; however, later a number of witnesses said it appeared as though things moved in slow motion. Noises, voices, motorcycle exhausts seemed garbled, and as they looked back on the events, movement of others was comical. It was as if they watched a movie set on slow speed. Those few seconds felt like hours.
Special Agent (SA) Clint Hill stood on the left running board of the Secret Service’s follow car, which was directly behind the President’s limo, heard what he first thought was a firecracker. Security protocol required him to act. He jumped from his position and immediately ran and threw himself on the rear trunk of the limousine. 
He spread his body onto the trunk, trying to use his body to provide, as much protection to the President, Mrs. Kennedy and the Connally’s as possible when the second shot rang out. Many days later Agent Hill would state he could not tell from which direction the sounds seemed to come from. Others say it was from his right and to the rear.
This statement had to be taken many days later since the second rifle shot that echoed through the recesses of the Dealy Plaza complex hit Agent Hill about four inches below his right shoulder blade, passed through his upper torso and struck the President about six inches below his right shoulder. Pictures released by dozens of amateur and professionals later would show the President reaching for his throat, but doctors who have examined these pictures say this was merely a reactionary movement caused by the bullet hitting the President’s right lung. The movement to the throat was an indication he had trouble breathing. It was like he had the breath knocked out of him. That is an understatement! The bullet then exited the President’s body and struck Governor Connally in his back.
The First Lady had turned to her right and was attempting to look back to see the source of the explosive noise. At first she did not realize it was a gunshot. She too, like Agent Hill, surmised it was a firecracker. As she turned she saw SA Hill jumping on the rear of her automobile, and out of instinct she jumped from her rear seat and extended her arm in an attempt to help him get into the automobile.
As the bullet tore through Hill’s body - blood, flesh and bone was strewn over the automobile and onto Elm Street. Mrs. Kennedy’s beautiful pink dress now almost matched the exquisite bouquet of ruby red roses she had dropped onto the limousine’s floor. Fortunately, she was not injured; however, to those witnessing the event, some as close as a mere few feet, would think she must surely be wounded due to the large amount of blood covering her lovely pink outfit. Within seconds, another shot rang out - from where - who knew - even today it is a matter of speculation. Then a third shot was fired. This third shot struck a glancing blow off the right side of the President’s head missing Agent Hill and did not injure the First Lady. An instant or two earlier the Governor and Mrs. Connally had glanced to their right, as did the First Lady and the President. Did they hear a shot from the right? Or were they reacting to the first shot, which obviously missed. Is this the bullet that struck the curb and injured James Teague’s cheek? Could they have heard the thud of the bullet as it caromed off the concrete?
The bewilderment was tremendous as exhibited by the deposition given to the Dallas Police Department: “Before me, the undersigned authority, on this the 22nd day of November A.D. 1963 personally appeared William Eugene Newman, Address: 1115 W. Robin Lane, Dallas, Texas, Age 28, Phone No. DK 6-3172.  Deposes and says:
“Today at about 12:25 p.m., I was standing in a group of people on Elm Street near the west end of the concrete standard when the President's car turned left off Houston Street onto Elm Street. We were standing at the edge of the curb looking at the car as it was coming toward us, and all of a sudden there was a noise, apparently gunshot [sic]. The President jumped up in his seat, and it looked like what I thought was a firecracker had went off, and I thought he had realized it. It was just like an explosion, and he was standing up. By this time, he was directly in front of us, and I was looking directly at him when he was hit in the side of the head. Then he fell back, and Governor Connally was holding his middle section. Then we fell down on the grass, as it seemed we were in the direct path of fire. It looked as if Mrs. Kennedy had jumped on top of the President. He kinda [sic] fell back, and it looked as if she were holding him. Then the car sped away, and everybody in that area had run upon top of that grassy mound. I thought the shot had come from the garden directly behind me that it was on an elevation from where I was as I was right on the curb. I do not recall looking toward the Texas School Book Depository. I looked back in the vacinity [sic] of the garden.”
/s/ William E. Newhouse, Jr.
Subscribed and sworn to before me on this the 22nd day of Nov A. D. 1963
/s/ D. K. Osmand,  Notary Public, Dallas County, Texas”
Hundreds of people were assembled in the area known as Dealy Plaza on that day many of them gave detailed reports to the FBI, the Dallas Police and later to the Warren Commission on what exactly they saw. The accounts are as varied as the number of people who recounted them. Some tell of shots coming from the Texas School Book Depository building. Which floor? That becomes confusing too. Which window? Again not a resounding definitive conclusion, but the Grassy Knoll - less we forget this small strip of nature’s botanical beauty. Shots seem to have emanated from all around that vicinity - from behind the stonewall, behind the fence, in the bushes - stories with smoke in the air, men with guns running to a fro. Assassins dressed as policemen, or as he was referred to - the ‘badge man’. People with badges thought to be Secret Service agents when no agents were assigned to the area. Ask one person and get one answer, ask ten and you will get ten. There was no consensus - the only fact known for sure was the fact nothing was known for sure.
Later Agent Hill would make his official statement as to his part in the day’s events. Some of his comments are as follows: “The motorcade made a right hand turn onto Elm Street. I was on the forward portion of the left running board of the follow-up car. The motorcade made a left hand turn from Elm Street toward the overpass. We were traveling about twelve to fifteen miles per hour. On the left hand side, was a grassy area with a few people scattered along it observing the motorcade passing and I was visually scanning these people when I heard a noise similar to a firecracker. The sound came from my right rear, and I immediately moved my head in that direction. In so doing, my eyes had to cross the Presidential automobile, and I saw the President was still sitting upright and appeared unhurt. I jumped from the follow-up car and ran toward the Presidential automobile. As I jumped onto the left rear step of the Presidential automobile, Mrs. Kennedy shouted, “Give me your hand.” I had barely mounted the rear trunk when I heard a second firecracker type noise, but it had a different sound-- like the sound of shooting a revolver into something hard. I saw the President slump more toward his left.
I forced Mrs. Kennedy back into her seat and placed my body above the President and Mrs. Kennedy. At the time, I had not realized that I had been shot; neither did I realize that the President had also been wounded. Special Agent Green had as I jumped onto the Presidential automobile, accelerated the Presidential automobile forward. I heard Assistant Special Agent-In-Charge (ASAIC) Kellerman call Special Agent Lawson on the two-way radio and say, "To the nearest hospital, quick." I shouted as loud as I could at the lead car, "Head to the hospital, to the hospital!"
As I lay over the top of the back seat I noticed the President's head on the right rear side was bleeding profusely. Part of his hair was gone. I saw a portion of his scalp with hair on it lying in the back seat. The time of the shooting was approximately 12:30 p.m., Dallas time. I looked forward to the jump seats, and noticed Governor Connally's chest was covered with blood, and he was slumped to his left and partially covered up by his wife. I had not realized until this point that the Governor had been shot.
When we arrived at Parkland Memorial Hospital, Dallas, I... I’m sorry, but all that took place at the Hospital is still a blur. Most of what happened to me was related to me by others. I just cannot remember all the details. I know they removed the President from the automobile, and covered the President's upper chest with my suit jacket. I understand ASAIC Kellerman assisted in removing the President from the back seat of the automobile onto a wheeled stretcher and accompanied the President and Mrs. Kennedy into the Emergency Room. Governor Connally had been placed in an Emergency Room across the hall.
I was taken into the Emergency Room almost immediately and do remember the large number of doctors and nurses in the room, which was quite small. Kellerman asked a nurse to make sure all the other hospital people except the necessary medical personnel working in the emergency room, please return to their normal duties. She immediately began checking the medical staff members. I’m sorry, but the rest of my statement has been told to me. I do not remember much of the rest of the day.
ASAIC Kellerman left the Emergency Room to get in touch with the White House and was going to ask them to make sure to keep the line open at all times. I was told he asked Special Agent Lawson for the telephone number of the switchboard in Dallas that had contact with the White House and he gave it to him. He dialed the Dallas contact number and told her to connect him with the White House in Washington, and to keep this line open continuously. He did so.
ASAIC Kellerman came out of the Emergency Room again and took the telephone and asked for SAIC Gerald A. Behn, Secret Service, The White House, Washington, D.C. This was approximately 12:39 p.m. Kellerman told Behn that there had been a double tragedy; that the President and Governor Connally had both been shot and that he would keep him advised. Another agent (I do not know who) took over the telephone and told Mr. Behn that the situation was extremely critical. The operator cut into the line and said The Attorney General wanted to talk to Kellerman. He asked what the situation was, and he was advised that the President had been injured very seriously and that he would keep him advised as to his condition. He said he also advised the Attorney General that I was wounded and was currently undergoing emergency surgery for a wound in my right rear shoulder. He said that my prognosis was favorable. At the time, I probably would have disagreed with him.
Mr. Kellerman came back out of the Emergency Room and made an announcement, "Agent Lawson, tell Gerry that this is not for release and not official - the President is critical, but the doctors believe he will make it." That information was told to Mr. Behn, and then requested that he immediately contact the other members of the President's family so that he could advise them of the situation rather than having them hear it over some news media.”

THE WITNESSES

Michael Thomas, standing on the triple railroad overpass just west of Dealey Plaza, had gotten there early. He had found a suitable spot; the whole of Dealey Plaza was viewable to his east including the travel route down Elm Street toward him as he stood on the train overpass. From his vantage point, he would be able to watch the motorcade travel right beneath him.
He had seen the map of the presidential parade route earlier in the Dallas Times Herald and knew this would be a perfect place to see President Kennedy and his wife Jacqueline. Thomas’s daughter Olivia, age nine and son Payton age fourteen were standing next to the concrete railing peering eastward. They were waiting for the presidential procession to turn right on Houston and then left on Elm and proceed directly underneath them.
Both kids hardly could contain their excitement at the thought of seeing The President. Not the President, thought Olivia, I want to see Jackie. Surveying the building up Elm and over on Houston Michael noticed a glint of light from the roof of the Texas State Book Depository. Good, he thought. Secret Service men are on the roof doing their job. Those guys certainly know their business. Michael’s wife, a schoolteacher was supposed to meet them there, but she was late. I hope she hurries, or she going to miss seeing the President, Mike thought. The Presidential parade had turned from Houston and was headed straight toward Michael, Payton and Olivia. The lead car was almost directly below them.
No sooner than that thought crossed his mind, Michael was startled by a boom... yes, that’s his description ‘a boom’. Where did it come from? His first thought was from the roof of the Texas State Book Building. He could see the birds fluttering as if disturbed by the noise. 
A millisecond or two passed as another shot sounded almost simultaneously from his left toward the area of the picket fence and the grassy area. A couple of seconds later a third and forth shot came from his left but further up towards the Texas School Book Depository building again. He saw one of these shots hit the curb almost immediately below where he and his two kids were standing. “Get down, get down,” he yelled to everyone on the bridge, especially to his two kids. Michael a Navy veteran, recognized gunfire, “Someone is shooting!” All three huddled behind the concrete barrier at the railroad overpass edge. Michael poked his head up... he had to... his Navy training took over. He had to see what was going on.
Directly below and in front him on Elm Street was the black Presidential convertible - he could look almost straight down into its gory interior. The President was lying over in the First Lady’s lap. He saw the blood... blood was everywhere... Jackie’s charming pink outfit covered in dark red blood. Governor Connolly was leaning over supported by his wife. Someone was stretched out on the trunk... What was he trying to do? Was he the shooter trying to get into the limousine? Why were all the people running up the grassy hill? And all the people lying on the grass - had they been shot or wounded?’ All those things bounced through his head, so fast he couldn’t think of one answer before another question arose. And standing to the left of the black convertible... what was that? Everyone was running or lying on the grass, but this one small man... he... he... didn’t move. He seemed to be frozen... no... wait a second he moved... he was opening and closing an umbrella.
What, Michael thought, am I going crazy? Let me look again, as he peered again over the concrete barrier of the bridge. Sure enough the diminutive person was still standing on the north side of Elm Street watching the presidential limousine speed away toward the triple overpass. Had he not just witnessed the President of the United States being shot right in front of his eyes, no more than a few feet to his front? If the situation had not been so serious, Michael thought to himself, this could be real funny, a pint-sized man standing opening and shutting an umbrella on a clear, cloudless November Texas day as he watched a presidential parade. Was this actually a man or could it have been a boy? This was a man, Michael reasoned. About this time, Mike noticed a man in a tan overcoat come around the western end of the Texas School Book building and get into a light brown Nash Rambler station wagon. As the station wagon drove by the slightly built man with the umbrella he pointed his finger, and opened and shut the umbrella again. Is that an arm waving out of the passenger’s side window? It appears someone is waving at the undersized man. What the... Mike thought?
Directly underneath the overpass, where Michael and his children crouched, stood James Teague. Earlier Teague had been traveling east on Commerce and passed underneath the triple overpass heading into downtown Dallas to pickup his wife for lunch. His car had come to a standstill when all noonday traffic had come to an abrupt halt to await the passing of the presidential parade.
Sitting idly in his car had proved to be too much for James, he was beginning to get uncomfortably warm and starting to perspire.
The local AM radio station WDAL, finished the last notes of the latest top twenty country hit as James turned off his radio, opened his door and stepped out of his car. He stood on the curbside of Commerce Street wanting to see if he could get a glimpse of the President and his entourage. Besides, it was much cooler standing in the shade close to the concrete column supporting the overpass. Might as well see him since I’m already here, he thought.
Standing on the west side of Commerce only Main Street and a narrow strip of grass separated him from Elm Street and the planned presidential route. Looking east directly up Main Street, he could see the parade procession had made its ninety-degree right turn onto Houston. Another 120 degree left on Elm, and in a few seconds President Kennedy would be right across the street from him. 
“What was that noise,” he said out loud? “That sounded like rifle fire.” Teague, a decorated Army veteran of the Korean War, and currently a member of the Texas National Guard later described the events at the Warren Commission hearings saying, “It certainly didn't sound like a rifle shot. It was a loud cannon-type sound.” Teague gave his account, “that it was more of a "flat sound,” whereas the others were sharp "cracks" which sounded more like a rifle shot.” Later he would tell his friends, or anyone who would listen, “If I had to guess I would say the first shot was from a military 30-06, an M-1. I have heard that rifle fired many, many times, and it sounded exactly the same.”
Almost at the same time he heard the M-1 fire, something struck the curb to his front, and he quickly jumped behind the concrete abutment of the triple overpass. Cautiously sticking his head out he could see folks running in all directions... one police officer had jumped off his motorcycle and was running up the grassy slope toward the railroad parking lot... James had heard shots, how many? He wasn’t certain... for sure three... but was it four?
Everything was spinning and seemed to be moving at slow-motion speed, and his cheek hurt. Did he think his cheek hurt? It must have, his right cheek was bleeding. He had not noticed the blood during all the excitement. It must have been a bullet that hit the curb at his front, he thought. Was that truly a bullet strike? He wondered.
At that moment, Teague saw the man with the umbrella too. At first he didn’t think much of it, but watching the other folks running, hiding, ducking, screaming and trying to protect themselves, Mr. Teague thought it strange that this diminutive sized man would not be more concerned for his own safety. And an umbrella! And an overcoat! Was that a silver medallion around his neck? Surely not! Thomas and Teague both saw this pint-sized, man, and he also appears in a number of pictures taken that fateful day. His back is plainly seen in the Zapruder film raising the umbrella at frame 225 and quickly lowering it. Was this some type of signal - to whom? The shooter? The shooters? This unknown ‘umbrella’ man has never been officially identified, and he never gave a statement to the FBI or the Dallas Police. He was a totally unknown eyewitness to the John F. Kennedy assassination attempt. The report from the press of that day cannot identify him... we alone know whom this little man was... Anhur, you little devil. 

Little ten-year-old Rosemary Willis was standing with her mother and fourteen year old sister Linda on the southwest corner of Houston and Elm, directly across the street from the Texas School Book Depository. Later she would recount some of what she saw on this fateful day, “Them people in the parade turned off Houston onto the street where the President got shot, they'd just gone a few feet when I heard the first shot, when I heard the noise, I looked up and tried to see if I could see where the sound came from. I didn't know it was a gun. I just saw the pigeons start to fly from the roof of the schoolbook building. I looked for the noise I heard, and I seen the pigeons, you know, they were scared to death, and took off flying. Next thing I heard was another gun. And after that, there's another shot and another shot. We have argued and argued about how many shots I heard. I think I heard four. Mommy and June, my sister don’t agree. If you ask me how many shots I think there were, I really think there were at least six, but I believe I heard four.” Later she added a few details that were not told earlier: “I turned as the President’s car passed by us and I started to run to try to keep up with it when all of a sudden a pigeon fell on the grass right next to me. Well the bird wasn’t RIGHT next to me. It was in the grass. It didn’t just fly in and light it just fell out of the sky! I thought it was hurt, and I could see it wasn’t dead, so I ran over and picked it up. It was beautiful, gray and white it was. It had been hurt but not bad, so I was going to sit it back down on the grass but it flew off before I could do it.”

Most witnesses testifying to the Warren Commission about that day also agree the first shot occurred just as President Kennedy was raising his right hand and waving.
Special Agent Roy Kellerman who rode in the front passenger seat of the presidential limousine described the shots he heard to the Warren Commission: “If I recall correctly the first two shots were very sharp shots, sir." 
“Did they sound different from the third shot,” asked one of the Commission members?
"Yes. It sure did. Very much so." Kellerman added, "Let me purpose an example ... have you ever heard the noise of a plane breaking the sound barrier, bang, bang? That’s how it was. It was like two bangs --- bang, bang."
Special Agent Hickey seated in the right rear seat of the presidential follow car described, "... two loud explosions, which I thought at first, were backfires ... then I realized they were gun shots... there seemed to be practically no time between them."
William Green, the Special Agent driving the limousine stated, under oath to the Warren Commission, "the two shots occurred one following the other. Both in rapid succession."
S. M. Holland’s testimony said he had been watching the motorcade from the railroad overpass just a few feet from where Michael Thomas and his kids were standing when he heard, what he thought was four shots. The third and fourth sounding like two shots remarkably close together. He thought some of the shots came from the trees close to the fence on the Grassy Knoll. "Well it would be like you're firing a small caliber pistol right beside a shotgun, or a bigger pistol right beside a shotgun... the third shot was louder than the first two ... If I had to guess I’d say the third or the fourth shot was the one that hit the President."
Roger Craig, a Deputy Sheriff stated, "I believe that the first shot ... sounded like it echoed or bounced off the buildings, so to speak ... well, it wasn’t much of a pause between the first and second shots ... It could have been a bit longer, I’d say less than a second or two...” Between the second and third shots there was, "Surely no more than maybe two seconds. It was -- they were fairly quick."
Joe R. Molina,  "... I heard the first shot fired then there was a short space between the first and second, a lot shorter than between the second and third. I would say it sounded like an echo if I had to guess I think it came from the west side; that was all I got from the experience.” 
From the spot where Joe Molina watched the motorcade, on the steps of the Texas School Book Depository, the west side would have been down toward the triple overpass.
Seymour Weitzman, a Dallas Police Officer said in his report to the FBI on Nov 24, 1963: "First one, then the second two seemed to be simultaneous. A total of three shots rang out, and I immediately ran to the point where Elm Street turns to go under the overpass and up the grassy slope located on the opposite side of Elm Street to a fence.” He stated they located no one, and after talking to the yardman, Weitzman said he was told the noise had to come from the end of the fence closest to the Texas School Book Depository, and a search was immediately made of that area.
While still on the other side of the fence, someone, believed to have been Deputy Boone of the Dallas County Sheriff’s Office, mentioned having seen or having heard about something red rolling on Elm Street. When found it appeared to be a portion of a bone or bone structure, which bore fresh bloodstains. This was taken to the Dallas Police Laboratory... This bone fragment was later determined to be part of Special Agent Hill’s shoulder wound.
Eugene Boone, Dallas county Deputy was one of those who later found the sniper rifle stuck between some boxes or crates on the sixth floor of the building.”

WHO COULD DO SUCH A DEED?

On the 22nd of November, 1963 President John F. Kennedy, his wife Jacqueline, and their entourage left the Fort Worth Texas Hotel and traveled to the Strategic Air Command’s Carswell Air Force Base located adjacent to the city of White Settlement on Ft. Worth’s west side. At the front gate, the motorcade passed by the Air Policemen who stood at attention and saluted. It proceeded down the long row of B-52 long-range bombers known as the Stratofortress, to Air Force One where the party boarded for the thirteen-minute flight to Dallas. 
The time of departure was 11:26.
The Presidential party arrived at Love Field at 11:39 A.M. President and Mrs. Kennedy stepped down from their aircraft and immediately walked toward a fence where an immense crowd of well-wishers had assembled. Very cordially the President moved down the line from the right to left extending his hand to as many as he could touch. He and the First Lady spent several minutes shaking hands.
The invitations that had been sent out indicated a noon start time to the luncheon with the Presidential speech around 12:15 p.m. Meanwhile, SS Agent Lawson was beginning to get worried. He told Chief Curry, due to arriving at Love Field late, they would not make it to the Trade Mart on time. Lawson was hoping the President and the First Lady would end the pressing of the flesh, so-to-speak, and get the show on the road.
The first lady received a bouquet of red roses from the Dallas mayor’s wife, which she brought with her when they finally entered the waiting black limousine. Texas Governor John Connally and his wife, Nellie had already seated themselves in the open convertible’s jump seats. The Kennedys entered and sat in the seat behind them. Since the rain had stopped, the plastic bubble top had been removed. Vice President and Mrs. Johnson occupied another car in the motorcade.
The motorcade consisted of the lead car, an unmarked Ford driven by Dallas Police Chief Jesse Curry. Next was the black 1961 Cadillac limousine containing the Kennedys; behind the President was the Secret Service follow-car codenamed ‘Halfback’; next the Vice President’s limousine and following it another Secret Service hardtop automobile codenamed ‘Varsity’. After those vehicles were a couple of cars carrying members of the press.
The procession left the airport, through a hole cut in the airport fence, and traveled along a ten-mile route winding through downtown Dallas on the way to the Trade Mart where the President was scheduled to speak at the assembled group of Dallas dignitaries.
The route was to make a left turn from the south end of Love Field to West Mockingbird Lane, then turn right on Lemmon Ave. Next a right, at the "Y" on Turtle Creek Blvd. Go straight on Cedar Springs Rd, turn left on North Harwood St, make a right on Main St, another right on Houston St, a sharp left on Elm St, drop down through the triple overpass. Take a right turn up the ramp to North Stemmons Freeway, to Dallas Trade Mart located at 2100 North Stemmons.
Originally the motorcade was to continue straight down Main instead of turning right onto Houston, toward the Texas School Book Depository, but the Secret Service noticed Elm Street provided the only direct route from Dealey Plaza to the Stemmons Freeway, so the original route had to be changed.
As the motorcade drove into downtown Dallas the President, twice, ordered his car to stop while he got out and shook a few hands. The throngs of people crowding the sidewalks loved him. He seemed to be getting as large a charge out of them as they were from him.
At one point a group of Catholic girls and their Nuns held up a sign reading, “Please Mr. President shake our hands.” As on cue, the car stopped, and Mr. Kennedy gave the Nuns, and their students the thrill of their lives - he shook all their outstretched hands. Please Mr. President, thought one of the Secret Agents, get back in the car!
Little did these young girls and the Sisters realize they would be the last of President Kennedy’s adoring public to have the privilege of touching him. Tragedy was quickly approaching. 
The left turn off of Main Street onto Houston occurred at 12:28:30.

The Secret Service agents that had dismounted to control the crowd at the corner of Main and Houston were now jumping back onto their follow car. One of them thought, By God, I hope all of these open windows in those buildings have been checked. All along the right side of the motorcade route and directly to their front were tall buildings with people leaning out screaming, taking pictures and waving. One of these buildings immediately in front of the Dallas Police Chief’s white Ford lead car was the Texas School Book Depository. The entire building was full of people including some hanging out windows. An immense crowd had also gathered around the front entrance. 
Did anyone in the security force look up toward the TSBD sixth floor? If they did, would they have seen something unusual? Maybe they would have, some did.
Approximately ten to fifteen minutes before the motorcade made the turn into Dealey Plaza, Arnold Rutland along with his wife saw a man, with something resembling a rifle, on the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository. "I noticed on the top floor of the building on the corner of Elm and Houston. I saw a man standing back from the end; he was not at a window. He was standing up, I could see him from the waist up and I saw, what we thought was a rifle. This appeared to me to be a fairly high-powered rifle because of the scope and the relative proportion of the scope to the rifle, you can tell about what type of rifle it is. The man was holding the rifle in a "port arms" military position, with the barrel at a 45-degree angle downward across his body.” 
On the Tenth of December 1963, Mr. Rutland had made a report to the FBI: “At about 12:25 p.m., I saw a man with, what looked like, a rifle with a scope, on the roof of the Texas State Book Depository Building. He was crouching at the southwest corner of the building. I am certain this was right since the southwest corner was the corner nearest the triple overpass. I just assumed this person was a security guard or a Secret Service agent, and tried to show him to my wife, but it was too far for her to see because she had left her glasses laying on the car seat.” 
At approximately the same time, Mr. Rudy Herderson reported to the FBI: “I know I saw two different men with rifles on the School Building, one with a rifle on the top floor and the other was on the roof. Down close to end closer to the overpass. He had dark skin, not a Negro, maybe a Mexican or such.”
Just a couple of seconds before the motorcade entered the plaza, Mrs. Susan Wallace, standing on the west side of Houston Street, about fifty or sixty feet south of the Depository building on Elm Street, “noticed two men on an upper floor of the Depository, one of the men was holding a rifle in his hands.” She described the rifle as having a long barrel, but she was never asked if both men had been on the same floor of the Texas School Book Depository, or if one might have been on the roof. Neither Mr. Herderson nor Mrs. Wallace was called to testify before the Warren Commission.
Two additional witnesses, a Robert Townsend and William Belue said they saw a man in a tan coat on the roof of the Depository just seconds before the shooting. A man matching the one Townsend and Belue witnessed, also wearing a tan raincoat, was seen, by two other witnesses. Their sworn statements indicated the ‘raincoat man’ quickly walking around the side of the Depository just after the shooting. He walked around the west end of the building and got into a grey Nash Rambler station wagon on Elm and sped away. Belue further said this unknown man seemed to signaling with his arm as he drove off, to someone in the vicinity of the Grassy Knoll.

Chapter Eleven
PEGASUS IS ABOUT TO RIDE

Captain Scarburg was, “locked and loaded.” The safety harness had been securely strapped into place; his helmet was snug and fastened. The internal headset was working perfectly. Mr. Rousseau had been relaying all the ‘flight’ countdown information and all steps seem to be progressing on schedule.
A few seconds before ‘launch’ Mr. Watkins via the intercom quickly warned the Captain about the setting on the internal flight computers. In addition to his job as Chief, Flight Prep Crew, he was the man who prepared and input the GPS coordinates to the on board computers. He told the Captain he was to land at 12:29:30 p.m. Friday November 22, 1963. Thirty seconds before the Kennedy assassination, but, it was critical, under no circumstances could he miss the 12:29:30 p.m. Saturday November 23, 1963 departure window. “It is impossible to re-set your computers on site - they have to be synchronized with our master computer here within our lab to the exact micro-second - miss the date, and the exit window shuts and I mean, for good. Not only does the window shut, but also Pegasus will disappear and may be gone forever. Where will it go? Your guess is as good as mine.” He further said, “If, for some reason, you are not in Pegasus and miss the return flight, you will live in a world forty-nine years earlier than the present, but your age will still be the same as your age is today. Your age clock does not get turned back. If you get back to the present, you will be over a hundred years old!! Don’t miss that departure Captain Scarburg!”
Over the intercom, the Captain heard the Flight Director, “Six - Five - Four - Three - Two - One. Molecular separation sequences begin...”
Captain Scarburg felt nothing... no movement... no noise on the intercom... nothing; except he was experiencing a slight tingling sensation. “By-ned’ (the Captain’s usual swear word), this darn thing, didn’t work again. Another billion dollars of good ole American taxpayer’s hard earned money shot up a wild hog’s rear end. Hey Rousseau, can you hear me? What is happening? Did something go wrong? Rousseau? Rousseau you there?” He yelled into the headset.
The four inch thick porthole located directly in his front was smoky. He could not see out. “Rousseau? Watkins? I see smoke... is everything okay? Is Pegasus on fire? Someone talk to me... what’s happening.”

DEEP IN A COW PASTURE IN THE HEART OF TEXAS

Suddenly there was a bright flash of white light. Later the Captain would say it reminded him of a thousand flashes of lightening going off at the same time. That was the last thing he saw - he blacked out. How long he was out he did not know. When he awoke the bright light was gone, the tingling sensation had stopped, and the smoke or fog was beginning to disappear from the porthole, but something was wrong. Everything seemed tilted. He felt as if he were sitting on the side of a steep hill. Oh, I was afraid of this - this shift in the space/time continuum has caused a blood vessel to pop inside my head - I’m having a stroke! I must get out, get out, he thought. I only have a few seconds to disrupt the potential assassin. Got to get this hatch open and get out onto the roof! Looking around the inside of the interior nothing was in color - it was as if he were watching a black and white movie. What’s happening? What’s wrong with my eyes? A stroke, yes, that must be it, a stroke. And what is that sound... it’s music... not exceptionally loud, but yes that IS music... say I recognize the song... I’ve heard that before... listen... listen... yes that’s... that’s “Amazing Grace.” Where in the world is that music coming from? By the time the Captain had recognized the soft sounding, beautiful song the bagpipes and drums abruptly stopped.
Flipping the “OPEN” switch the hatch automatically swung wide open, “What the...,” he said out loud as he surveyed the landscape. “This sure isn’t the roof-top of the Texas State Book Depository!”
The time was... was... well Captain Scarburg honestly did not know.
The sight that greeted him was one of trees, grass, dirt, a number of old pumped out oil wells and cows. Dozens of cows with white faces, well, he thought, they looked white, and he was sure they were cows. In fact, he had stepped from Pegasus down to the ground into a fresh pile of cow manure. By-ned - got this contraption finally to work, and I’m still in deep do-do!! Not only am I in a pasture full of cow dung I landed on a tree stump - that’s what caused the tilted feeling inside.
Taking a 360-degree look around he could see nothing - well there were cows and old oil wells, trees and two small ponds, which appeared to be built by beavers. No signs of life, or a house of any kind. With the exception of an old, dilapidated, barn-looking structure, a few hundred feet off toward the north, there was nothing else. I Wonder where I am? He thought. Remembering one of the dials inside the time machine was a GPS indicator he reasoned it would be a good idea to check it out. Before moving he removed his digital camera from his pocket, and snapped a couple of pictures. He had to prove to that genius Ryan Rousseau his computer program was off just a tad.
Searching the sparse winter ground, he found a clump of grass and attempted to remove as much cow manure from his boot as possible, without much success. The five-minute time limit on the hatch closing was about to expire. This forced him to abandon the effort to clean his boot for the moment and climb back inside his traveling abode. Once safely inside he searched the instruments for the GPS dial. Oh yeah, here you are, he said to himself. The reading on the dial was 32 degrees, 64 minutes, 47 seconds North, 96 degrees, 48 minutes, 30 seconds West. That’s not right... no, something is wrong... I have the coordinates written down on a piece of paper in my pocket just for safekeeping, he thought, wiping his boot on a white towel embossed with the letters S.C.A.R. Before finding the information on his note pad, he tossed the soiled towel over into a corner of Pegasus’ flight deck.  
Withdrawing the scrap of paper, yes, here it is. The numbers written were 32 degrees, 46 minutes, 47 seconds North 96 degrees, 48 minutes, 30 seconds West. The 46 minutes had been changed to 64 minutes, slight difference in numbers but a long distance in miles. Where in the blazes am I? I must be in Texas it’s too darn flat and full of cows and oil pumps to be anywhere else. But, which way do I go, and by-ned I’ve, probably, missed the shooter on the roof!
Pressing the interior hatch release button there was a swishing noise suggestive of escaping air. The hatch swung open, and the Captain slipped out once again to the grass and dirt. In his hand, he carried his old Army Model 1911 .45 automatic pistol with him. Originally, when the concept of time travel had been discussed SCAR made a draft of rules that time adventurers should observe - one was no modern firearm would be transported back in time. It was too dangerous - the modern ballistic technology could fall into the wrong hands. The Captain knew this rule, but chose to ignore it. He reasoned he might have use of a gun on the roof to dissuade the shooter if need be. Now he needed to hide it. The hatch on Pegasus had closed, and he couldn’t be discovered walking around with a loaded handgun in his pocket. He walked over to a nearby tree and sat down. He leaned back; resting his back against the rough bark he pondered his situation. Okay, he thought to himself, I’ve got a few things to figure out. Where am I? And, which direction do I go to get out of here? And most importantly why was the GPS setting wrong? I wonder if this is the 22nd day of November? It might be, but in what year? He looked as his calendar watch, but of course, it was useless the time was 2:30. The date was 21, and the month was November. His watch was still on the time and date when he left, and besides the crystal was cracked and broken, and the watch was not running. Today was supposed to be November 22nd and the time should be around 12:30... or was it? 
Thinking, he tried to analyze the GPS data carefully. Let me think now. If 32 degrees, 46 minutes, 47 seconds North 96 degrees, 48 minutes, 30 seconds West, is Dallas, then that would make 32 degrees, 64 minutes, 47 seconds North north of Dallas. How much? Then 64 minutes minus 46 minutes means I am 18 minutes north of Dallas. If I remember correctly back to my old Army days a minute of latitude, was roughly 1 to 2 miles at 32 degrees latitude. So 64 minutes minus 46 minutes equal 18. So I guess I am somewhere roughly 20 to 40 miles north of Dallas. Hmmm... I didn’t miss the Texas School Book Depository rooftop much! But on the bright side - at least I AM here...I just don’t know where HERE is. Captain Scarburg didn’t know at the time, but Pegasus had plopped itself down in a cow pasture a mile or two northwest of the little Texas town of Celina. Celina was exactly 42 miles north-northwest of Dallas.
All right, now that I know I have to go south my only two questions are ‘which way is south? And ‘how do I get there?’ No sooner had that thought crossed his mind, when he heard what he thought was the sound of an automobile, out of sight over the distant horizon. The trees obscured his view, but if it were a car he heard there must be a road leading to civilization also.
After his reverie against the tree, he got to his feet, discovered a squirrel hole about waist high in the trunk of the tree and hid his automatic pistol inside. He then began breaking the limbs off some small brush growing nearby and covered the Pegasus vehicle, so it would go unnoticed sitting in the grove of cottonwood trees. Everything else was going wrong; he figured Pegasus might not disappear in its allotted five-minute time frame. It was supposed to become invisible five minutes after ‘landing’ but without a watch he figured five minutes had long passed, and the machine was still sitting there in its stainless steel splendor. He was so confused he did not know what would happen next. Dusting off his pants he left Pegasus sitting alone in the pasture, and began walking in the direction of the automobile sounds.
Looking up into the cloudless, blue sky the Captain noticed the sun was off his right shoulder. If it’s roughly 1:00 p.m., then a sun on my right means I am walking south. Good maybe I’ll find that road reasonably soon. The stroll turned into a hike and the hike soon became tiring as the Captain trudged through the tall sagebrush, tumbleweed and grass, but no road was to be found.
Chapter Twelve
‘BORROWING’ SOME CLOTHES

What was that he saw? There, off in the distance - a farmhouse. Finally, he thought, civilization. I need a picture, so the folks back home will enjoy my ‘vacation’.
Nearing the old 1890s lap-sided, un-painted, two-storied, wooden dwelling he thought back to those days of yesteryear. Walking toward the house his mind, in spite of his other troubles, couldn’t help but think about the early pioneers. Hearty settlers who homesteaded the wild, savage Texas land, constructed this old home, probably miles from their nearest neighbor, out in practically nowhere, and survived only by the sweat of their brow. How did they live such a desolate existence? Surveying the old weather beaten house and the matching near-by barn Captain Scarburg thought, by-ned, things sure haven’t changed much in the last hundred years! The place was bleak, cold and un-inviting. I hope the people who live here are friendlier to strangers than this place portrays.
The old, worn, weather-beaten front porch creaked as he ascended the dilapidated, wooden, front steps and walked across the rickety boards to the front door. A rusty, torn, screen door barely, hung loosely from its ancient, metal hinges. Tugging on the screen door, he heard the screech of its worn-out spring as he opened it wider and wider. This decrepit spring just re-enforced the fact that everything around this place was aged and shabby. 
‘Rap’... ‘rap’... ‘rap’..., the sound his knuckles made as he lightly knocked on the door... no one answered - again he knocked... this time, much harder than before... ‘thump’... ‘thump’... ‘thump’..., still no movement was heard from inside. Walking down the rough planks of the porch, which extended the entire length of the front side of the house, he peered around the edge toward the barn. Nothing! Not a soul was seen. No horses, no dogs, no chickens... nothing. What he did see was an old, well water hand pump and a clothesline with freshly washed clothes left out in the cold, sunny air to dry. At least, he thought, someone actually lives in this decrepit place.
What truly caught his eye were a flannel shirt and a pair of denim overalls with the right knee ripped out. The flannel shirt was red, and the overalls a denim blue, but the Captain with his messed up eyes could not recognize the colors. He didn’t care what color they were; both were just about his size. Regardless, if he were in Texas in November or somewhere else it was getting rather cold, he wished he had a coat, but he was extremely bothered that he still couldn’t see the colors of the clothing or anything else for that matter. That was beginning to alarm him. What was wrong with his eyes? 
These two pieces of clothing would allow him to get out of his flight suit. But... he could not just steal them... that wouldn’t be right... but no one was home. The Captain was in a predicament. He had to have these clothes! Why, he thought, had I been so stupid and not realized I should have brought a change of clothing with me?
He went into the barn to change clothes and look for, he didn’t know, something to write with like a piece of paper and a pencil. Maybe something on which to write a note telling whoever lived here he would return and pay for the clothing someday... what was he thinking he didn’t even know what today was. After a thorough search, no paper or pen could be found. 
What could he use to make a note? Over in the corner of the barn was a stack of fertilizer in fifty pound brown paper sacks. The name on the sacks read: “Bulldog Granulated Ammonia Nitrate 34-0-0”, Perfect, I can write on a part of the paper sack! Now a pencil, a pen...he laughed...a typewriter or a computer would be agreeable. Fumbling around on the farmer’s workbench he found a half empty can of graphite that had been used to lubricate locks and hinges. An idea hit him... oil... are there any oil cans here. He looked and looked, but no oil could be found. What type of man is this farmer? He is too neat. He properly discards his used cans! Wait the tractor - tractors have oil. I can get oil from the dipstick. Not much but I don’t need much.
Back out in the barnyard the Captain walked around, bent over searching intently for something on the ground. What was he looking for? I’ve Got you... you little devil! He reached down and picked up an object. What? What did he find? It was a chicken feather! Now I have everything I need, he thought racing back into the barn. Using a lid from a Mason jar as a container he mixed a small amount of the powdered graphite with a drop or two of oil from the tractor’s dipstick and made himself, a fairly, respectable black ‘ink’. After tearing off a piece of fertilizer sack, he dipped the end of the feather into his homemade ‘ink’ and on the back of the paper he wrote:
“I borrowed a shirt and a pair of your overalls. I will return when I can and pay you $100.00 for them.” Signed: A desperate man.
Grabbing the piece of the paper sack he hurried from the barn back to the front porch. Jumping the three steps with one bound he crossed the porch to the front door. Opening the screen he placed his note between the screen door and the wooden doorframe. Surely the family will see this when they return, he thought to himself.
He noticed the dirt driveway was covered with automobile tracks. This must have been where I heard the automobile. As his eyes followed the driveway away from the house, he saw it intersected with a road. What... a road? A real road... a road cars travel on... now I can get out of here. Walking down the dusty driveway he heard a slight rumble of thunder off to... off to... which direction did it come from? Okay, the late evening sun is to my rear. That is west, so I must be walking east. That thunder was off my right shoulder, so it is coming from the southwest. As he neared the road at the end of the driveway, the wind was beginning to pick up a bit. It will be raining, in a while, I suppose.
The time was... was... well, he still didn’t know. 

Chapter Thirteen
CLEM AND PENELOPE

As he was leaving the old farmhouse he did not notice the breeze had increased enough to allow the screen door to swing open ever so slightly. Slightly was all that was needed to allow his note to escape, fly off the porch and be whisked away on the currents of the brisk wind. Believing Dallas was south of his current location Captain Scarburg walked from the farmers yard, took a right onto the dusty, dirt road, and in an hour or so encountered a more traveled, graveled road. Turning right he took his first steps towards Big D as the wind began to freshen a bit in anticipation of the impending thunderstorm.
He had not walked far down the country road when he heard the crunching of gravel; a vehicle was approaching from his rear. Turning he could see it was an old, dirty, rust eaten, 1955 F-600 Ford wrecker. Both the driver and the truck were a perfect match. This, so called truck pulled up beside Captain Scarburg and a gnarly cowboy stuck his head out the passenger’s window. All the Captain could see was the brim of an old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat.
“'Hou-dee! Where yew headin’?”
“Dallas.”
“Dallas huh? Mister you must have some mighty good hooves stuck in them there brogans if’en yer plannin’ on walkin’ the hole way.”
“How far do you suppose Dallas is from here?” inquired the Captain.
“I won't say it's fer, but I had to grease the wagon twice afore I hit the main road,” he said snickering. “But it’s really plum near forty miles of bad road. Dog gone, gotta get my gitar out when I git home, that would make a fine name for me a new tune ‘Forty Miles of Bad Road’, but feller I ain’t headin’ that fer, but yer wellcome to climb aboard and ride as fer as I’m agoin’.”
“Yeah, thanks mister. I sure would appreciate a ride,” Captain Scarburg said opening the passenger side door and stepping up into the cab of the wrecker. He tried to avoid the end of a spring sticking out of the seat, but, unfortunately, he could not. It was positioned right where he had to sit. Thinking to himself, I don’t know which is worse - the walking or this spring! However, the cab of the truck did contain an intriguing object – sitting next to the driver was the most beautiful, miniature dog the Captain had ever seen.
“Mister! Did you call me mister? Feller... afore we move another inch my Pap was Mister - you jest call me Clem. Well all full my names Clemson, but nobody calls me Clemson, not even me, and this here is Girl,” Clem said motioning toward the dog. We got’er from a neighbor, and I never got around to givin’ her a name. Whats your’n?”
“My ‘urine’! What? Oh, ‘your’n’, you’re asking my name? Okay... uh... Clem I’m... I’m... uh... uh... John... John Doess nice to meet you Clem, and you too Girl.” At the mention of her name, the dog moved over from Clem and rested her head in the Captain’s lap. He stroked her head and rubbed his hand up and down the soft, silky, sable and white hair on her back. What a magnificent animal, he thought. 
“Would you mind if I could ask you a couple of questions Clem? But before I ask my questions, I know it is none of my business, but your miniature collie ought to have a proper name.”
“Yeah, I know’s John, I jest ain’t got around to givin’ her one yet. You got any idees?”
“She is such a gorgeous, elegant looking little dog Clem, how about ‘Lady’? It fits her to a tee.”
“As fer as Girl’s name I like ‘Lady’, believe you’re right, a dog ought to have a proper name – I’m gonna make that her name from now on. ‘Lady’, yeah, I like that, but one thang, she ain’t no collie, shes a Shetland sheepdog.”
“A Shetland sheepdog? Why Clem, I haven’t ever heard of such a dog, I thought she surely must be a miniature collie.”
 “Yeah, that’s what everybody thanks, but she ain’t, now what is it you wants to know?”
“Okay, but don’t laugh Clem, they may sound crazy to you.”
“Feller there ain’t no crazy questions just, sometimes, crazy answers, throw’em at me. Jest don’t say nothin’ bout that there sprang pokin’ outta the seat. I been aimin’ to git it fixed fer years but heck it ain’t botherin’ me none.” 
The Captain started to remark, ‘No, but it’s sure is bothering me’ but he resisted the temptation and said, “Clem, what time is it? What day is it? What’s the year? And finally, for Pete’s sake, where the blazes am I?”
“Dadburn John did you just escape from one of them crazy sanator... sannatot... one of them crazy houses?
“Sorry Clem, no I did not escape from a mental sanitarium. I was out in the backcountry, and my vehicle got caught up on a... a... well, just say it stopped working. That’s why I am walking. Please, what about the time, date and place?”
“Well Mister Doess...”
“Same with my Papa Clem, he was the Mister of my family too, John is fine for me.”
“Well... John I can’t help you with the time. I don’t own me a watch. I reckon time by the sun.” Leaning over he looked at the sky through the truck’s cracked windshield with its accumulation of splattered bugs and dirt, “It’s a couple hours afore sundown, so I’m a thinkin’ it’s ‘round three o’clock. Oh yeah John, yer about a couple miles out of Celina.”
“Celina,” the Captain asked cautiously, “Tex... Tex... Texas?”
“Why shore Texas, where’d you think you wuz?”
Looking at Clem in bewilderment Captain Scarburg could offer no reply.
Clem continued to study the sky - he noticed a large black thunderhead developing off toward the southwestern horizon. “Storms a brewin’, you got a place to put yer head tonight John?”
“No Clem that’s why I was trying to get to Dallas before dark.”
“Well you ain’t goin’ to make it before that there storm gits here. Yer comin’ home with me. You can git to Dallas tomarrey.”
‘Tomar... tomar... oh... tomorrow.... thanks Clem, I believe I’ll take you up on the invitation, but you never did tell me the day and year.”
“Now John I ain’t got me no watch like I said, but I do got me a calender. They give’em out free at the drugstore, you know. Today is Wensdee.”
“Wednesday? Are you sure Clem? What is the date”?
“Shore nuff I’m sure... we go to prayer meetin’ on Wensdee nite and tonites the nite. The day of the month is the 20th in the year nineteen hundred and sixty three.”
“By-ned,” the Captain said softly to himself, “someone put twenty in the guidance computer instead of twenty-two. That could not have been by accident - they did this on purpose. But, right now it’s not all bad. Now I’ve got nearly two days before my rendezvous on that rooftop in Dallas... that’s good.”
“John what in the heck ere you goin’ on about?”
“Nothing Clem, nothing, just thinking out loud about something that happened back on my job.”
“What kinda job you got John?”
“Well, uh, I guess you could call me a... a... uh... uh... a repairman – yeah a repairman. Right now I’m trying to fix some things.”
“Well laws-a-mighty! I’m a fixer too. Mostly frigerdares, stoves, well pumps, cars sometimes, and thangs like that. Why shucks, I even worked on me one of them oil well pumps one time, I guess I’m a repair man too, but people call me mostly a handyman and theys right John, I shore am handy. Oh, and yeah, on the weekends I sometimes work for the Reverend Junior Pickett with weddins’. You know, he got hisself one of them big ole long, black, Cadilack cars, and I drive it fer him.”
“So... you’re a handyman, limousine driver? Nice to meet you Clem.”
“Well here’s my turning off road we’ll be to my place in a couple of minutes John.”
The time was 5:05 p.m., Wednesday November 20, 1963.

THE PONDEROSA

A similar type of dusty, dirt road that had led from the farmer’s house to the main road was now taking Captain Scarburg from the main road to Clem’s place. It was beginning to rain. Every second or two the flash of a jagged bolt of lightning could be seen streaking across the threatening sky followed closely by the crashing peal of thunder. The dust and dirt of the road quickly became red, Texas mud. The Captain kept thinking how lucky he was that Clem happened by and had given him a ride, but judging from the looks of the old Ford wrecker, and Clem himself, the Captain cringed when he thought of Clem’s house, and what it must look like; however, sleeping in a run-down dump of a house was better than huddling up against a tree on the side of the road in this approaching storm.
After a couple of miles, the road rounded a large stand of Leyland Cypress intermingled with an abundance of Tulip Poplars and one magnificent hundred year old Texas Red Oak tree. Looking past the beautiful dark green branches of the Leylands Clem’s place finally came into view. The rain was coming down in buckets and the wind caused Clem difficulty keeping the truck on the narrow road.
“Thar she is John my Ponderosa. Love Hoss, Little Joe, Adam and Pa. Never miss ‘em. Watch ‘em ever Mondee nite at seven o’clock.”
It had been a long time since the Captain had watched the TV show Bonanza, but he responded, “I see Clem you’re a fan of the Cartwrights, so you have a television? What about a telephone?”
‘Sure John, we got’em both. I shore would like me one of them new color RCAs tho’. Cousin Billy Bobs got one, and he sez ‘Bonanza’ looks like a rainbow, all in color - all I gots me is a black and white Philco. And my tellephone is a eight party line. Sometimes, dadburn, them ole wimmen jest won’t git off the line, so I can use it!” 
“Who would you want to call Clem?”
“Well nobody John - I ain’t got me nobody to call to, but I jest sure nuff like to listen to it buzz when you stick it up to yer ear. You can’t hear it if’en them ole hens won’t hush talkin’ and git off of the line.”
They slipped and slid through the muck and mire of the mud as they neared the house. As the truck passed the stand of cypress and hardwood trees the Captain saw an astonishing sight. There must be something wrong with his eyes, he thought. Surely this wasn’t Clem’s place, but it was, and he was now plainly looking at Clem’s Ponderosa - the ramshackle, dilapidated house he imagined Clem to live in was... was... well it was quite charming. It was a quaint, wood and brick, ranch style house with a well-manicured yard surrounded by a white picket fence. Ornamental bushes and shrubs were placed in a pleasing arrangement all around the exterior. The roof was in perfect repair, the widows were shuttered, and the paint on the house looked fresh. Scattered around the front, sides and back were a number of large, full-grown, water oaks complimenting the house. Clem’s Ponderosa looked as if it belonged in the suburbs back home. It was very lovely.
“The Ponderosa looks like a fine place Clem, but you do not strike me as the homebody, green thumb, type person.”
“Dadburn you got me pegged John, it’s my danged ole sister Penelope. She’s all the time, ‘Come here Clem, dig me uh hole, come here Clem, trim me that there bush, come here Clem, water them flairs.’
“Flairs? Flairs Clem?”
“You know them purty colored plants that smell good. Fer goodness sakes where’d you come from John?”
“Oh, yes ‘flairs’, I see Clem,” the Captain replied, smiling as he thought of Penelope’s flowers.
“I’m telling you John it’s enough to make a man think real serrius ‘bout gettin’ married. You ain’t married ere you John?”
“Yes I am Clem - in fact, I have a son Robert and five grown grand -children - Forrest, Bud, Lou, Gabrielle and Olive. Bud, Lou and Gabrielle, Gabby as we call her, are triplets. Well I’m sorry I only have four living. Bud got killed in a war.”
“Sorry John bout your Bud... but the others... theys sound real nice - Penelope’s like me, she wern’t the marryin’ kind neither. Nobody would put up with all that yardy flairs and bush nonsense of hers.”
Parking the truck Clem turned to John, “Come on John git yourself out and lets git into the Ponderosa afore we drown, come on Girl... I mean, come on Lady.” Jumping from the truck Lady took her place beside the Captain as they ran through the rain up the walkway to the porch.
On entering Clem’s house, Captain Scarburg was as surprised with the inside as he was the outside. Everything was neat, clean and arranged in an attractive manner and style. Before the Captain could make a remark Clem hollered, “Penelope git yerself in here we got company.”
Coming through the door from the kitchen was an attractive looking woman he guessed to be in her mid-twenties. John thought, a dab of make-up and a trip to the beauty salon she could be quite beautiful. She was drying her hands on a delicately, embroidered white apron she wore. “Penelope this here’s John. He got broke down, and the rain caught ’em. I offered him our place to stay the night.” Motioning with his finger he said, “John this here’s Penelope.”
“Nice to meet you Miss... uh, Mrs... Penelope. Sorry, Clem never told me his last name... but my name is John... uh... Doe... uh... Doess... John Doess.” 
“I’m sorry Mr. Doess...” she began to say as Grandpa interrupted.
“No, just John... John is fine.”
“I’m sorry John I’m Penelope, Miss Penelope Ruby. You have already met my brother Clemson.”
The Captain noticed the frown on Clem’s face at the mention of ‘Clemson’ but Clem knew better than to say anything to Penelope.
“Ruby! Did you say Ruby? Any relationship to the Jack Ruby who owns the Carousel Club on the corner of Field and Commerce Street in downtown Dallas?”
“Sparky? You mean “Sparky?” Yeah, he’s Pap’s brother. That’d make him my...my...
Captain Scarburg finished Clem’s sentence, “Uncle?”
“I’s just gonna say that... yeah uncle, but we ain’t seed nor heerd from him in a quite a long spell,” Clem answered. “He fell in with the wrong crowd that’s so crooked you can't tell from their tracks if their comin’ or goin’. I wouldn't trust’em any futher than I could fling’em.”
The Captain felt terrible about lying to them about his name, but he knew it was better if Clem and Penelope Ruby did not know his true identity. The days following the assassination would see all the family of Jack Ruby questioned and re-questioned about the murder of Lee Harvey Oswald and the President too. Captain Scarburg thought it would be wise if Clem and Penelope did not have to disclose his real name - and he did not want them to lie for him either.
“How’d you no about Sparky?”
“That’s a long story.” The Captain remarked trying to change the subject, “there’s a mighty delicious, inviting smell coming from your kitchen, is it your dinner Miss Ruby?”
“Longs you’re in my house, name’s Penelope. No, it ain’t dinner we et dinner a while back, this here is supper. It’s about done cookin’, yer welcome to have supper with us.”
“Thank you, uh... Penelope... it sure has a mouth-watering smell. I haven’t eaten a bite since breakfast.”
“What about it Penelope? Get them vittals on the table! Me and John done got us a pairfull hunger, right John Doess?”

THE IPHONE

The food was delicious, in fact, scrumptious. “Penelope,” said the Captain, “I believe these chicken and dumplings are as good as the ones my Mama used to make. I thought no one could make them as tasty as she did, but I have to admit these are really good!”
“Thank ya John, I learnt from my Mama too. The secret is to use a good ole fat hen. Not one of them frying chickens. Me and Clem raise our on chickens out thar in the coop, in the back yard.”
“Well, all I can say these are mighty good. And how did you know I ate cornbread with my chicken and dumplings? Next to dumplings my favorite food is rutabaga turnips with pieces of pork chops cooked in them along with a big old piece of cornbread. Now dumplings and rutabagas - that is fine eating.”
“John, you must be from the south... we’s the only ones that eat cornpone with dumplings.
“Yes, Penelope I’m originally from Alabama.”
I knew it! I bet you like to eat ‘maters with yours too like I do. What about it?”
“Penelope, I can’t believe you, cornbread and tomatoes with chicken and dumpling, and served just like I was in a fancy restaurant. You’re a woman after my own heart. Clem you better not ever let Penelope find her a man!” 
“Ah, shucks, John - hush up!” Penelope muttered holding her head down pretending to be embarrassed. 
“Funny you should talk about Penelope and her servin’ vittals, she works part-time waitressin’ down at the Texas Steakhouse on Main Street in Celina,” Clem offered.
“Why, no wonder Miss Penelope you put on such a fine supper... you are... are... a professional,” Captain Scarburg said grinning.
Enjoying the chicken and dumplings and pleasant conversation everything seemed to be going well until a noise was heard emanating from the front of the Captain’s bib overalls. It was his Iphone smart phone! He had forgotten to leave it behind, and it had been in his flight suit pocket when he changed clothes. At 6 p.m., it was programmed to remind him of the next day’s events. It did! A soothing female voice said, “Reminder... meet with all department heads tomorrow to finalize 2012 budgets.”
Removing the phone from his pocket, he placed it on the dining room table. Both Clem and Penelope had stopped eating mid-bite. What was that small, shiny, black talking box they thought? Even Lady perked up from lying at the Captain’s feet, stood, head cocked to one side, trying to figure out the source of the voice.
“What... uh... uh... what is that... uh... thang... John?”
At first he wanted to fabricate some fancy story about the Iphone. Anything he told them, he knew they probably would believe anyway, but the Captain didn’t want to lie to them. He decided to tell them the truth. He knew he could make them believe a lie, but he wasn’t sure how they would react to the truth?
“Clem, Penelope this is called an Iphone.”
Clem slowly, even slower than normal managed to say, “Iphone...! Yer sayin’, that... that... gadget... is... a... tellephone? Ain’t it your phone?”
“No, Clem... I mean yes Clem it is my phone, but “Iphone” stands for Internet Telephone.”
“Inter... what? Now I must tell you John, I only went to grade five in school afore I quit but now Penelope shes high educated she finished her schoolin’ in grade nine. She said she’d learnt about everthang worth learnin’. Ain’t that right Penelope?
As she nodded her head in agreement, Clem continued, “But I don’t thank she got to the part about them thangs,” he said pointing at the Iphone. Penelope was still nodding her head as Clem said, “go on about that ‘Inter’ thang.”
“I knew this was going to open up a whole new can of worms. Let’s go into the living room. Later I will tell you something that’s going to amaze you. In some ways, it is going to frighten you too.”
They had not finished supper, but after seeing the Iphone Clem and Penelope no longer had an appetite. They were just hungry for more information about that marvelous little black gadget.
Following the two into the living room Captain Scarburg pulled up a chair across from Clem and Penelope, so he could better explain his ‘magic telephone gadget’. They were as eager as two kids on Christmas morning, hardly able to wait for what he had to show and tell them.
“First I’m not the man you think I am.”
“Whats you mean, John? I jest thought you wuz a man from up the road apiece whos truck had broke down. Ain’t that right?”
“Clem that is partially correct - you see I am a time-traveler here from the year 2012 to accomplish a task, which is going to astound you. To prove my statement, I have, from 2012, this so-called ‘gadget’ lying here on the coffee table. It is what we, in the 21st century, call a ‘smart phone’. This model in particular is made by Apple and is as I said, called an Iphone.”
“Hold the fort there Hoss... the year 2012? And apples make thangs? I thought people just et apples.”
“Yes... well no... yes I am from 2012 and no... no Clem... Apple is the name of a 21st century commercial company. They make Iphones and Macs....”
“Whoa again John... got to tell us what this Mac thing is. Is it one of them big ole haulin’ trucks that I’ve seed on the highway?”
“No Clem. That is a Mack, M-A-C-K... this Mac, M-A-C... is just another name for computers Apple makes.”
“Computers? John I believe this here is goin’ to be a long night. Better not worry ‘bout going to prayer meetin’ tonight Penelope.”
“Okay, I’m going to start by telling you how I got here.” After this statement, he began at the beginning and told his incredible tale as slow and in as simple and straightforward fashion that Clem and Penelope might understand. He told them about Pegasus landing in the field a few miles from where he ‘borrowed’ the clothes and the spot where Clem picked him up. Clem replied, “Yeah, I know that there place - old man Simpson and his boney dried up, hussy of a wife live there. Her face and a prune would run a good race.  Ornery old cusses, I never did like’em. Go on John.”
“My trip from 2012 back to 1963 occurred without a hitch – without a hitch until I looked outside when I landed.”
“What did you see John?”
“Clem, it wasn’t what I saw - it was how I saw it! For some reason, I cannot see things in color - I have color blindness - I see everything in black and white only! A new RCA would not do me any good.”
“I’m sorry John, maybe yer eyes will clear up directly. Go on tell us more.”
“Thanks Clem, I will continue. The day after tomorrow Friday, November 22nd at exactly 12:30 in Dallas President Kennedy will have an attempt made on his life. That’s why I took the chance to get here using the Pegasus machine I told you about.”
“So that’s why you’re in such a gall-durn hurry to get to Dallas - you want to save the President, right?”
“Sorry... no you’re wrong Clem. I hate to say this, but... uh... uh... I want to make sure he gets killed!!”
“What? Not killed? You mean to say saved, right?”
“No, I’m sorry, but the word was... killed!”
“Why John, that is un-American!! You can’t be serrius? You aint one of them Communist, er you John?”
Captain Scarburg tried to explain how history got off on the wrong track when the assassin’s bullet only wounded President Kennedy. He explained how the time and space continuum had to be set straight. He talked about the Parallel Universes, Einstein, time and space. He explained the Viruchi War, the millions of people killed, the nuking of Saigon and Moscow. He tried to explain how appalling the world of the 21st century had become. Then he told them by allowing President Kennedy to die how all this savagery would change to a more civilized, yeah, that’s the word, civilized future. Not much of this information soaked in to the un-educated heads of Clem and Penelope. All they understood was the name President and the name Kennedy and the getting killed part.
“Okay, let me try to put this to you both another way. President Kennedy is not supposed to survive the attempt on his life. Things in 2012 will just work out wrong if he survives - we were propelled into the wrong universe at the instant the assassination failed. Yeah, I know it doesn’t make sense, but I’m just telling you as it is.
“John, me and Penelope have been sittin’ here listenin’ to you fer hours... what I wants to know is..., I mean I gots to know this one thang... would ye, please tell me this - cause I’m gonna bust if’en I don’t know...”
John’s mind was racing - was Clem wanting more information about the type of people who lived in 2012? What is the 21st century like? Who was the President? What kinds of food were people eating? Did we still have television? What was a computer? Not one of these questions was on Clem or Penelope’s mind. Picking up the Iphone Clem wanted to know what the square, shiny, black “me-phone” did. “And...”
Before Clem could finish his next question, the Captain cut him off, “Clem, it’s an Iphone, not a me-phone. We refer to them as ‘cell phones’ or ‘smart phones’. ‘I’, like I said earlier, it just stands for ‘Internet’ and don’t even ask I don’t believe I could explain Internet or what ‘cell phone’ means either. Even if I wanted too.”
As the Captain was trying to explain the Iphone, Clem inadvertently pushed the ‘Home’ button at the bottom of the Iphone and the screen lit up covered with Apple Apps. 
“Whoa! What did I do John? Did I break this thang?”
Taking the phone Captain Scarburg touched an App on the screen and selected the tune ‘All My Ex’s Live in Texas’. “Here’s a nifty song you both might like,” he said touching the Iphone screen again. The lyrics and melody of George Strait’s number one country hit from 1987 began softly to play. George began singing:
♪All my Ex’s live in Texas and Texas...♪
“What the... wher’d that music come from?” Clem and Penelope just sat there, mouths agape, starring at each other. “How’d you git a phonnygraph small enuf to poke it into that there dinky, black gadget your, uh...uh...iphony.”
“I’m not going there Clem, just believe your ears and just say it works! Here, let me quickly show you something else,” the Captain said as he turned the Iphone around and tapped the ‘Camera’ App and began recording both Clem and Penelope. “Hey, both of you. Look this way and say cheese.” 
Startled, “Say what?” Replied Clem.
Captain Scarburg recorded for a few seconds then turned the Iphone around so Clem and Penelope could see the screen. “Watch this.”
Instantly the screen changed. As if by magic there in glorious color sat his two hosts.
From the Iphone, “Hey, both of you. Look this way and say cheese.”
“Say what?”
“Well dadburn, ain’t that somethin?”
“Oh, here’s something else I want to show you,” he said tapping the small, square Photo App. “Here is some of my 2012 world.” For the next few minutes, he showed Clem and Penelope photos of a world nearly fifty years in their future accompanied with music!” Pictures of his family, co-workers, vacations spots and even a picture of Pegasus were shown. Amazed is not nearly a powerful enough word to describe the two sitting on the sofa taking in this entirely magical world, but he also showed them pictures of the devastation of the aftermaths of the numerous wars, the people dying of starvation and even a picture of grandson Bud’s tombstone in the unkempt Arlington National Cemetery that had been overgrown with vines and weeds. The Captain explained America had been at war for so long it had no time or money to properly maintain its national cemeteries or even its national monuments around Washington. Most all had fallen into a state of neglect and disrepair.  
Before Captain Scarburg finished showing them his photos from the 21st century, Penelope requested the Captain backup and let her see one of the pictures again. It was a snapshot of Lonnie Joe standing in the Egyptian desert wearing his green Special Forces t-shirt. “Which man is that one?” Asked Penelope.
“Penelope, that is Dr. Lonnie Joe Wheeler. One of the best men I have ever worked along side. He was a Special Forces captain in Operation Desert Storm. Oh yeah, forgot - it was another war the United States gets involved in during the 1990s. I recruited him after he was discharged, and he has been with us at SCAR ever since.”
“Hes purty… is he married? Did he come with you on your trip?”
“Sorry Penelope, he did not come with me, but the good news is: no, he is not married.”
The hour was getting late, and the Captain had decided enough examples of his 2012 life had been demonstrated to convince Clem he was indeed a time-traveler. Not only was he assured Clem was a decent and trustworthy man, but he also believed Clem would be willing to help him accomplish his mission in Dallas the next morning.
“Clem, I have shown you my future... the future I just recently came from. What I have told you and Penelope is the truth. The future, as it stands today, is bleak. What I need now is your help to change what my future should be. And, by the way, my future will someday be your future as well.”
“Shore John I seed all them pictures, that world is terrible, I’ll help. I wont to help change it. What can I do?”
“Not so fast Clem - before you agree you need to know all the facts. First, President Kennedy will be wounded Friday at exactly 12:30 if we do not intercede. If he lives, the world of 2012 I described and have just shown you will occur; however, it can be changed if I can prevent the assassin on the southwest corner of the Texas School Book Depository from shooting the President. If I succeed that will allow another man located on the sixth floor, of the same building, to shoot the President and wound Governor Connally...”
“Whoa, John you sayin’ our Texas governeer is goin’ to git shot too...?
“Yeah, he will be injured either way - if the assassin on the roof shoots or even if I can someway distract him, Governor Connally will be wounded regardless, but I believe we can stop the shooter on the roof - that’s not what is worrying me. Since I met you two, I believe you two are kind and decent people, but your lives will be forever changed after Friday.” 
“Talk to us in English John - what’s likely to happen to us?”
“Clem, nothing will physically happen to you both - but your lives will never be the same - trust me.”
“Straight talk John, give us the truth.”
“Okay, after I take out the shooter on the roof this will allow his partner on the sixth floor to fire a couple of more shots with a surplus Italian rifle, a 6.5 mm Carcano. He will flee from the building and travel southwest into a surrounding neighborhood where he has an apartment. As he leaves his apartment, he will be detained by a police officer. This man will shoot and kill the police officer whose name is J. D. Tippit. Then he will hurry up West Jefferson Boulevard and enter the Texas movie theater where the police will find and arrest him. He will be carried to the Dallas City Jail. This coming Sunday, November 24th at 11:21 a.m., before live television cameras he will be shot and killed in the basement of Dallas Police headquarters as the police are attempting to move him to a different jail.” 
“Who is this man John? The man who kills the President and the policeman?”
“Clem, Penelope this man is not the person who will bring danger to you both - history in the 21st century will state the man who assassinated President John F. Kennedy from the roof of the Texas School Book Depository on Friday the 22nd of November goes by the name of – Lee Harvey Oswald.
“Well heck John we don’t know no Lee Harvey Oswall person.”
“His name is Oswald, with a ‘D’ not Oswall with an ‘L’ but it’s not him that will affect your lives. Your trouble will come from the man who shoots Lee Harvey Oswald. Remember I said someone will kill Oswald Sunday morning in the basement of the Dallas Police Headquarters. You do, for a fact, know the man doing the shooting...”
“Who, who John? Who is that man we know?”
“That person is... is... ‘Sparky’... your uncle – Jack Ruby”
“No John... you must be jesting. Sparky ain’t never hurt nobody. He ain’t got the nerve.”
“You may be right about nerves, but this coming Sunday, November the 24th, the world will watch the murder of Lee Harvey Oswald by your Uncle Jack Ruby on live, nationwide TV. He’ll have the nerve for this one escapade. I am expected to be long gone. In fact, if all goes well Sunday I will be back home watching the Tennessee Titans play the Seattle Seahawks... right... don’t ask Clem... I don’t believe I have the breath to explain NFL expansion teams to you. But just remember, this coming Sunday, just four days from now on November 24th, millions will see your Uncle Jack Ruby shoot and kill Lee Harvey Oswald. By the way if you want to make yourself some easy money, next weekend on Saturday November 30th Alabama will play Auburn in the Iron Bowl at Legion Field in Birmingham. Auburn will win the game 10 to 8.” 
Clem said directing his request to his sister, “Penelope write down the names of that there ball game and the score on a slip of paper and put it in your valuables box there on the mantle of the farplace.”
“Clem, if you ever want to bet on a sure thing put all your money on this game, but remember stay glued to your television this Sunday and you can see your Uncle Jack shoot Oswald for yourselves.
“Now this is information you have to know. If there is any doubt in your mind about your Uncle, stay out of this Clem. But if you decide to help me just remember what I said: if there ever were a secret you two must keep this one must be on the top of your list. The government will turn over every rock looking for anyone and everyone having anything to do with the Kennedy assassination and Lee Harvey Oswald and his killer your Uncle Sparky. You know it’s not every day a president gets killed. The good thing is you will only have to avoid talking to the police for about twelve hours after I leave. Never mind, I’ll explain it to you later.”
“John, I’m in - this is the most excitin’ thang to ever happen to me. I wouldn’t miss it for nothin’. What’s our game plan?”
“First, Clem do you have another vehicle besides your truck. I know your truck is great, but it’s very loud without its muffler. That might cause us to draw too much attention.”
“Yeah, John, me and Penelope have a Sunday-go-to-meetin’ car. It’s a grey Nash Rambler station wagon parked out yonder in the shed next to the chicken coop.”
“Great Clem, perfect. Okay, here’s my plan, and since I landed forty miles from my rooftop I have to improvise this as I go along. To begin, I want to drive to Dallas to your Uncle Jack Ruby’s place. I’d like to meet him, and since he’s your Uncle I believe it will be easy to accomplish. I understand the Carousel Club has some rooms Uncle Jack uses for ‘special guests’ I bet you can talk him into letting us have the use of one of them tomorrow night.
“Around 12:15 p.m. Friday morning I want you and I to drive your Nash Rambler from Uncle Jack’s Club over to Main Street, turn right onto Houston and go north past the Texas School Book Depository Building. 
“Oh, by the way, Clem do you have an overcoat?”
“Sure do John, got me a purty tan one hangin’ right there in that there closet,” Clem said, pointing to the hallway coat closet with his index finger.
“Good, if you will allow, I want to borrow it, and I will get out of the car at the back of the School Book building. You continue to drive north on Houston, circle back around to Main Street and park around the corner from Dealy Plaza. Make sure you park on the right side of Main heading west. Once the parade passes you fall in a few cars behind the last motorcycle escorts and follow them into Dealy Plaza. I will make my way to the roof of the Book building using the rear fire escape and conceal myself behind one of the large air-conditioning units.
“At exactly 12:30, I will jump the shooter on the roof and distract him long enough so Lee Harvey Oswald on the sixth floor, of the same building, can make his rifle shot strike the President. I’ll have to play it by ear from there. If I can get down the fire escape safely, I will meet you in front of the Grassy Knoll on the west end of the School Building. Just drive by slowly and I will jump into your car. We will then head back out of Dallas and return to the Ponderosa. I believe if all goes well there will be so much excitement in and around Dealy Plaza they will never pay any attention to us. Does this sound like a good plan?”
“Well John - that’s a plan all right. Is it good? I shore don’t know, I guess we’ll jest find out tomarrer and the next day. What if the assasser man kills you?”
“Nah, I wouldn’t show up in 2012 if that happened. Of course, I could be shot and injured - it’s just a mystery I really don’t know what’s going to transpire, but I know I must not fail. I am only going to get one chance - I’ve got to make it good. One thing is for sure - it is possible I can succeed, and it is also very possible my attempt will fail. Even in the 21st century I only know of one outcome - the one of failure and the President lives. This is the whole point - you and I are trying to change the outcome, so the future will be a much better place than the one I just left.”
“John, I don’t understand all about them other Universe thangs, but if you git kilt couldn’t that Universe continue on and still be the road you showed me and Penelope on that black picture tellephone?”
“Dad-burn Clem, why did you have to throw reason into my argument? Now I am really worried.” 
The time was 10:38:30 p.m. Wednesday, November 20, 1963. 

Chapter Fourteen
UNCLE JACK RUBY

The next morning, Thursday the 21st of November, the sky was overcast and blustery. The two men walked to the shed behind the Ponderosa and backed the Nash Rambler station wagon out of its parking place.
The Captain took another photo.
Pulling the car keys from his pocket Clem asked, “John,” he said jingling the key ring, “you want’ta drive?” 
“Love to Clem, but this time shift has messed with my eyesight, remember I’m color blind. Couldn’t tell which color was red or green on a stoplight. Sorry but I guess you’ll have to do the honors Clem.”
They had plenty of time today - their only mission was to get to Uncle Jack’s club in downtown Dallas and they had all day to get there. Traveling down the road from Clem’s place to the main highway John looked over at Clem, “Nervous?”
“Naw,” replied Clem sheepishly. “Well, maybe a bit.”
The time was 9:35 a.m. Thursday, November 21, 1963.

The Ponderosa was situated a few miles northwest of Celina, Texas. Celina was forty-two miles as the crow flies, north of Dallas. Down the muddy road, they churned until they reached Texas Highway 289. Turning right, they headed south. Driving south on Highway 289, they intersected with US 380. Highway 380 would lead them to the Dallas Parkway, according to Clem; the Parkway would carry them into downtown Dallas. He was right. They arrived in Dallas less than two hours after beginning their trip. One more turn and they would be on Commerce Street. 
The time was 11:15 a.m., Thursday, November 21, 1963.

“Clem keep your eyes peeled, the address of the Carousel Club is 1312 ½. That should be on our right.”
“I wished I’d remember where Uncle Jack’s club is John, but it’s been a long time since I come down here.”
“That’s okay Clem, we’ll find it in a minute or two.” 
Less than a five-minute drive down Commerce they found Jack Ruby’s place. The Carousel was a dump with no on street parking, but a parking deck entrance was next to the club, “Turn in here,” the Captain said, pointing with his finger. Surveying the front of the Carousel as they turned off the street into the garage Captain Scarburg’s only thought was, honky-tonk... a dive, and the actual Club is on the second floor! The ground floor was occupied by a greasy spoon, hole-in-the-wall BBQ cafe. A huge sign over their front glass announced for all to see: “Burlesque, Girls, Girls”. 
Ruby’s place must undoubtedly be a real dump.
Thinking out loud Captain Scarburg said, “Now I know why he’s got those extra ‘special guest’ rooms in his club!” It was time for another Iphone photo.
Grabbing the front door handle of the Carousel Captain Scarburg could feel the cold handle on his fingers. Cold, cold as the ice water running through Jack Ruby’s veins, he thought. Remembering back to the Visiondome’s alternate future Anhur had shown him in his office, the Captain knew Jack Ruby would murder Lee Harvey Oswald in cold blood in the basement of the Dallas police station Sunday morning at 11:31 a.m. Before releasing his grip on the doorknob, he glanced to his right and noticed the round, blue, neon clock hanging in the BBQ’s window. A chill ran up Grandpa’s spine - the clock’s time was the precise minute when Ruby will murder Oswald Sunday morning.
The time was 11:31 a.m.

Oswald had exactly seventy-two hours to live! President Kennedy only had twenty-five hours!
A long line of wooden steps led from the front entrance up to the main lounge of Mr. Ruby’s club. Ascending the stairs, the Captain thought, it’s a good thing we’re not trying to sneak up on them. Each step they took was following by an array of squeaks and creaks emanating from the century old worn smooth, wooden plank steps. Arriving at the top, the two stepped into the dim light of the club’s lounge. Music blared an obnoxiously loud, tearful, country tune from a colorful lit, Wurlitzer over on the side of the room. Captain Scarburg tried to get his eyes to focus in the dim light of the room. If it had not been for the jukebox and the ‘Lone Star’ beer’s neon sign above the bar mirror off to their right, the place would have been totally absent of light. His eyes could not distinguish color making the room appear darker than it actually was. He could see two people sitting at the bar. Across the counter from those two was the bartender. About six feet and no more than 150 pounds, two days growth of scrubby beard and wearing a white, t-shirt with a pack of cigarettes rolled up under the left sleeve. The bottom part of, what appeared to be a Navy anchor tattoo was visible on the upper part of his arm. The Captain could see this Navy veteran preferred Camels. He was leaning on the bar reading, probably the sports section of the Dallas morning newspaper. On the opposite end of the bar, a blonde waitress sat flipping the pages of a fashion magazine. Absorbing the look of the bartender the Captain thought, could have described him before I opened the door to this place.
The two of them remained at the entrance a moment or two longer allowing their eyes to become accustomed to the darkness of the dreary interior of this ‘dive’ before entering.
The scent of the room engulfed them.
It was the smell of ‘old.’ Grandpa couldn’t describe it, but he knew it when he smelled it. Mixed in with the musty, old scent, was a main course smell of cigar, cigarette, stale beer and cheap cologne. There were other scents mingled in, but Grandpa thought it best not to dwell on their identity. The interior did not disappoint - this place was truly a dump.
Directly to their front was a stage built about a foot above the floor, backed with a gold glistening curtain and a small walkway protruding a few feet out among the tables. Of course, the obligatory, stainless steel dance pole was positioned in the middle.   
“John, over thar in that corner, see them swangin’ doors? Uncle Jacks usually back thar.”
Practically hidden in the right rear corner was a pair of hinged swinging doors. They reminded Captain Scarburg of the doors to an old western saloon. Shiny brass push plates were attached to their fronts for the use of the waitresses when entering. Walking to the doors the Captain was able to see over the tops into the room. Behind those swinging doors was a small room with one large round table surrounded by, what Clem remembered as, red leather backed chairs. The Captain could easily see the booth, table and chairs, and knew those were cheap chrome and leatherette chairs. The only leather this place had ever seen was a trouser belt holding up some cowboy’s Levis or the boots he walked around in. The chairs were not important; however, the men occupying those chairs had the look of importance; actually ‘importance’ may not be the right word, ‘villainous’ would be more like it. 
Before pushing on the swinging doors, the Captain had an idea. Next to the two ‘saloon’ doors was a cigarette vending machine. The price listed over the coin slot was thirty-five cents. Fishing change from his pocket he dropped a quarter and a dime into the money slot and pulled the handle on a pack of Winstons. The cigarette pack slid out into a stainless steel tray. Strange, the Captain did not smoke. He did in his younger days, but he had quit forty years ago way back in 1972, but it was now 1963 - was he to quit nine years in the future? There was a lot to time travel that the Captain had to figure out.
The Captain, with Clem nervously tagging closely behind, pushed open the doors, which immediately startled the assembled group of suits around the table. They all turned in one motion and glared at the uninvited intruders. A couple of men at the table stuck their right hand inside their suit coats. They were not reaching for their wallets, the Captain thought.
The table was illuminated with a single drop-down incandescent light fixture, barely putting out enough light to read by. The chairs crowded around the table were all occupied - one of the men, sitting with his back to the wall, sporting a grey fedora was - Jack Ruby, yes, Jack Ruby in person - the future killer of Lee Harvey Oswald.
It was hard to believe, but there he was - in the flesh and blood. No sir this wasn’t a picture this was the real deal. Today Ruby was just an ordinary man in a cheap hundred dollar suit sitting in a bar talking with some truly extraordinary business acquaintances; however, they wore handmade Italian suits. Suits with names like Gucci, Brioni and Borelli. A hundred dollars would not even buy the handkerchiefs tucked into the breast pockets of those ‘business men’s’ coats. 
As the Captain and Clem approaching the table, Ruby looked up and exclaimed, “Why Clem... is that you? It’s you ain’t it...? It’s been a while Clem what in the heck are you doing here? Has something happened to Penelope? Is everything okay back in Celina?” Before Clem could answer he added, “Who’s this feller?”
“Naw, Uncle Jack everthin’ is fine as frog hair... this here’s John Doess. His truck broke down, and I brung him into town to git some parts to fix hit. John this here’s my Uncle Jack Ruby; Uncle Jack meet John Doess.”
Extending his hand across the table, Jack Ruby, shook Captain Scarburg’s hand, “Nice to meet you Mr. Doess. Any friend of Clems is a friend of mine. Y’all go back outside and pull y’all up a chair at an empty table,” Mr. Ruby said pointing with his finger toward the swinging doors, “and rest a spell. Clem I’ll talk with you when I finish up my business. What about something to eat or drink Mr. Doess?”
The Captain answered politely, “Thank you Mr. Ruby we’re fine, but maybe a drink and a smoke would be okay.” Reaching into his pants pocket, he pulled out the red pack of Winstons. Shook a cigarette part way out and placed the pack to his mouth, and extracted the cigarette with his lips, using one hand. The other hand he used to take out his Iphone. Using an exaggerated feigning motion he pretended to be using the phone as a cigarette lighter. Obviously it wasn’t producing a flame for his Winston, but it was, in fact, taking a photo after photo of the group around the table.
One of the men took notice of the Iphone, but thinking it was one of the newer lighters on the market remarked, “That’s some fancy Ronson cigarette lighter... don’t seem to be working to good tho’, here...”, he said reaching across the table, flipping open the lid of a chrome Zippo and with the snap of his thumb on the lighter fired up the Captain’s cigarette.
“Thanks,” the Captain managed to say taking a draw from the cigarette as he walked back through the swinging doors to an empty table. At the same time, the Captain was holding his breath trying not to cough. He had stopped smoking a long time ago, and had forgotten how choking those first few draws of smoke could clog and sear his lungs. He did not forget one thing though - Ruby did not introduce his friends to them.
Back in the lounge both Clem and the Captain’s eyes had now become accustomed to the dim light, they could see much better than when they first arrived. 
“Excuse me for a moment fellows,” Ruby said to the men at his table as he got up and followed Clem and the Captain through the swinging doors a minute or two later. He motioned to the platinum blond waitress sitting on a stool at the end of the bar. Once he had gained her attention he pointed to the Captain and Clem and returned to his ‘guests’ at the table. Picking up her order pad she nonchalantly walked over to their table.
Placed her pen to her pad, without looking up said, “Yeah?” 
“Just a Ginger Ale for me. What about you Clem?”
“Do you have them Nehi Orange drinks? You do? Okay, gimme one of’em.”
The cute, young, waitress left the table and returned to the bar to get their drinks. The Captain inched his chair over closer to Clem. Speaking in a quiet voice that was almost a whisper he asked, “Clem did you know those fellows talking with your Uncle Jack?”
“Naw, John like I said, me and Uncle Jack ain’t real close. My Aunt Janie, Uncle Jack’s sister done told me, ‘You don’t want to know his friends.’ Fer as she could tell, most of the crowd Jack runs with “were no-goods.” I don’t know Jack’s pals, but from the looks of them duds them fellers wuz wearin’ I’d say bein’ a ‘no-good’ pays purty well. Thems some fine threads.”
“Sure wish I knew who they are,” ‘John’ said softly. Inwardly, he was grinning. Don’t know who they are but I sure got some good pictures of them, he thought.
“John, our waitress is know’d as Kandy... shes from up Celina way... I’ve know’d her most all her life, her real name is Linda Lou Dearmann. I bet ya John she knows who them fellas are.”
The Captain felt around in his pocket - he only had eighteen dollars on him. Why didn’t I bring some more money? I guess I was figuring Pegasus might have landed back in the Dark Ages. Grinning, he said to Clem, “You suppose there is an ATM in here?”
“What? What’s a ATM? John, you sometimes talk crazy.”
Without an answer, he thought, Clem’s right, what am I thinking... an ATM... for goodness sake! They haven’t even been invented yet!
Handing a ten dollar bill to Clem he quietly said, “Clem slip this ten spot to... to... Kandy and see if she will give you the names of those fellows in back at Jack’s table.”
Leroy, the bartender slid the Ginger Ale and Nehi Orange across the bar to Kandy. She brought their drinks and turned to go back to the stool at the end of the bar when Clem reached out and grabbed her arm. Turning she angrily said, “Hey, watch them hands mister!”
“I’m sorrie Linda – its me, Clem... Clem Ruby.”
 “Oh, it’s you Clem, sorry, I didn’t recognize you in this dim light. How you been doin’?”
“Good... good Linda Lou. I wanted to give you a tip, here it tis,” he said slipping the money into her hand. “Sit fer a spell, I need to pick yer brain about somethin’.” Straightening her apron and skirt with her hand she slipped into the chair near Clem.
“What do you need to know Clem?”
“Nothin’ much... who’s them fellers back there with Uncle Jack? Do you know them?”
“Yeah, but Clem don’t get messed up with that bunch. They’re not our type of people. Those guys are connected.”
“Connected... connected? I never seed them connected to nothin’?” Clem asked.
Before Clem could respond ‘John’ answered, “Gangsters’ Clem! They are connected to gangsters!”
“Mister,” she said to the Captain, “these guys are not just gangsters they are part of ‘the mob’ I would advise y’all not mess with them if you can help it.”
“The ‘mob’ shucks Linda you talk as crazy as John. What’s ‘the mob’?”
“By ‘the mob’ Linda, you mean organized crime like the ‘Cosa Nostra’, Captain Scarburg asked?
“Yeah, that’s them, but I’ll deny it if you said I told you.”
“Don’t worry Linda, we’re not going to tell. Do you know their names?”
“Yeah, they been comin’ in here for the past five or six months. Usually one or two at a time – today’s the first time I’ve seen’em all together at once.”
“Could you give me their names Linda?”
“The one sitting on Jack’s right is Sam Giordino. They call him “Sam Silver,” he’s from Chicago. Next to Sam is Johnny Russolli out of Las Vegas, and I believe he has something to do with the mob in Hollywood. Next, the guy smoking the cigar is Carlos Mancini. I believe I have heard he’s from New Orleans. And the guy wearing the sunglasses is Angelo Marino from somewhere up north, Philadelphia I think. Next is Santo Riccocante from Tampa, Florida. I’ve heard them call him “Joe.” Next to Riccocante, and to the left of Jack is a new man, and sitting beside him is a slim build man. Slim is the one wearing the hat. I have never seen either of them before – the new guy looks to clean cut to be part of that bunch, and his name doesn’t end with a vowel either. If you want my opinion, that slim guy looks kind of shifty though. He definitely fits in with that crowd.” 
“You get the new guy’s name Linda?”
“Kind’of, one of them called him ‘the handler’ and another called him Donald or David Pherson. He had a middle name like Atwood, Atlay or something... it started with an ‘A’, but that’s about all I got.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard his name.” The Captain responded. “It’s David Atlay Pherson. Pherson worked undercover for the CIA in Cuba in ’59 and 1960, he returned to the U.S. in 1960 and was involved in organizing the Bay of Pigs fiasco. During this period, he worked with J. Howard Huntley in attempts to have Fidel Castro murdered. I remember reading where he said there were four reasons why the Bay of Pigs invasion failed: first, was the place of the landing was wrong, and secondly, Ambassador Adlai Stevenson was embarrassed by having to deny to the Cuban Foreign Minister that the CIA had nothing to do with the pre-invasion air strikes, when, in fact, they were being flown by CIA pilots, and third he thought the Pentagon should manage the invasion openly and not by a secret army. But last and most importantly, the decision by President Kennedy to cancel air cover at the last minute was the key to the whole disaster. I’ve read a lot about him but never put a face to his name.”
“So he works for the government, huh?” said Linda.
“Yeah Pherson is CIA, but what about Mr. Slim? Ever seen him before?
“Nah,” she replied, “I believe this is the first time he has been in here too. He don’t say much neither, kind of quiet. Never got a good look at him neither kept his hat on and his head down. He talks so quiet I can’t understand whats he saying.”
Linda gave Clem the names, and as she did so the Captain was writing them down on a piece of a light rose-colored napkin imprinted with the name of the Carousel Club. When she finished naming the ‘guests’, he handed the paper to Clem, “Put this in your pocket. Something might happen to me tomorrow. If I can get home, I will need these names. If I don’t get back, you tear this list up and burn the pieces!”
“Wait a minute – as I was leaving the table one of them called Slim by the name Dan or maybe it was Danny, I’m really not sure.”
“Okay thanks Linda, do you know what the ‘gentlemen’ are talking about?”
“No, I really don’t, I just get bits and pieces when I carry food and drinks to their table but whatever it is I believe it’s something big. I knew something was up when all five of those guys showed up here this morning. Usually they only come in one or two at a time. Since they are all here at once, I got the feeling whatever it is will happen tomorrow. And another thing... one of them said something I couldn’t hear but the one smoking the cigar, Carlos, answered.”
“Did you hear his answer?”
“Yes, some of it, but not all. I caught the part when he said something... “Was the Justification For Killing”, and he mentioned someone’s name, but I didn’t catch it. It could have been just initials, and not a name, I’m sorry I really wasn’t too interested. But as I sat his drink on the table I did notice something written on a napkin.”
“What Linda, what did you read?”
“I dunno, it just said MK-ULTRA.”
“Thanks Linda.” Captain Scarburg said. Then he thought, MK-ULTRA, what in the devil do you suppose that means? I have never heard of it. “Linda, could the initials you heard have been JFK?”
“Hmmm... you know, now that you mention it, I believe it was. But another thing, that funny name, it was written on one of our pink napkins. He saw me glance at it, so he wadded it up and stuck it in his pocket.”
The Captain thought, they are at this exact moment, putting the final plans in place to kill President Kennedy. “Thanks, thank you very much,” he replied to Linda. 
She started back to her stool at the bar to resume looking at her Teen Screen magazine, but she slowed a step or two to look at the ten-dollar bill before folding it and putting it in her apron pocket. “Hey!’ She said, walking back to Clem and Captain Scarburg’s table. “What you trying to pull Clemson Ruby? This ten spot you give me is counterfeit!!” Holding the bill up so Clem and Grandpa could see. “Look at this thing! This ain’t even a good copy! Look at the head, it’s way too big, and the color is all wrong.” The Captain had forgotten the eighteen dollars he had in his pocket were perfectly good 2012 money, but it surely was different from the ‘green-backs’ of the 1960s.
“I’m sorry Linda,” he said retrieving the bill. “That is ‘play’ money from one of my kid’s board games. In this dark light, I did not recognize it. Sorry. I must have put the game money in my pocket by mistake.”
“Ah heck fellers. That’s okay - you don’t need to give me no tip. I’ve been waitressing here during the day, and I have a dance act at night, “Miss Kandy Barr”, so I make good money. I figure this is just temporary, maybe I’ll be discovered one day, but thanks anyway. Oh, Clem don’t tell Mr. Ruby you know me, I told him I was from Las Vegas.”
“Shore, Linda Lou mums the word.”
Linda was back thumbing through the pages of her magazine when the group of men in the back room with Ruby got up to leave. One of the men threw Linda some tip money on the table. Then as if in the military, the seven of them walked single file toward the exit at the top of the stairs. The last in line touched the brim of his hat and nodded in a gentlemanly manner as he passed Linda at the bar. With the other hand, he slipped her some folded money. Glancing down she saw it was a C-Note, a hundred dollar bill! He watched for her response - albeit, he was older, but a devilishly handsome Italian man, he got the response he was looking for, she gave him a sexy grin and winked.
The time was 2:15 p.m.

“Come on Clem, let’s go talk with Uncle Jack. We need a place to stay tonight.”
Before they had a chance to stand Jack Ruby approached their table. “May I sit?” 
Clem motioned for his Uncle Jack to take a seat. “How you been doin’ Uncle Jack?”
“Fine Clem, and you? Did you come by to see me for something, or what?”
“Been doin’ good Uncle Jack, but me and John are goin’ to have to spend the nite in Dallas afore goin’ back to Celina... I wuz jest wonderin’ if we could use one of your exter rooms fer the nite?”
“No problem Clem, pick out whichever one you want except the one with the big shinny star on it - it will be occupied tonight,” Ruby said winking. The Captain glanced at the door - what was the star’s purpose? Who was going to be occupying it? Oh well, at least he and Clem had a place to spend the night.
“Glad to have you both stay with me tonight. Give you a good chance to watch my floorshow. I got me a winner with my headliner Miss Kandy Barr.”
“We didn’t mean to impose on you Mr. Ruby,” the Captain responded. “Thanks for the offer of your place for the night. Love to see your show tonight too. We met Miss Barr, she seems real nice and she’s an eyeful too.”
“Wait ‘til you see her dance boys.”
“Can’t wait.” Sliding up closer to the table Captain Scarburg leaned over and asked, “Mr. Ruby, could I ask you a question? Do you know a man by the name of Oswald?”
Reeling back with a look of surprise Ruby shifted his weight in his chair, and nervously glanced over his shoulder to see if anyone was watching answered, “Lee Oswald, you say?” 
“Yeah, Lee Harvey Oswald,” the Captain said as he caught the reference Jack made to the name “Lee Oswald.” He only asked Jack if he knew, ‘a man by the name of Oswald?’ The Captain had never mentioned Oswald by his first name.
“Lee Harvey Oswald,” Ruby said nervously again. The Captain could tell Jack knew Oswald personally or knew something about him. “Na... na... nah, I thought I knew him, but on second thought, I’ve never heard of him. Why you so interested?” Ruby removed his fedora and using his white handkerchief wiped the sweat from his balding head. Why did Ruby get so hot all of a sudden, the Captain thought? Or was that a signal to someone?
“Oh, no particular reason some acquaintances said if I got to Dallas to look him up, just thought I would give it a shot. Clem said you knew a lot of people.”
Earlier when Captain Scarburg and Clem entered the club, the lights were so dim they could not identify the other customers sitting around a couple of the other booths and tables. He thought anyone sitting in a bar at that hour of the morning was either a drunk or a patron who was still there from the previous night. The Captain was wrong!

Chapter Fifteen
“YOU’RE UNDER ARREST”

“Hey fellow stand up and put your hands on the table,” a voice from behind Captain Scarburg gruffly demanded as he punched the Captain’s shoulder. Turning in his seat, he saw a couple of Dallas police officers standing at the table glaring down at him. These two had obviously been a couple of the supposed “drunks” sitting at one of the tables. The Captain did not know Jack Ruby gave the police free food and free alcohol. That was his way of staying in their good graces, and he considered them as they did him, friends. These two officers had merely been in the Carousel eating their free lunch when Captain Scarburg and Clem arrived. “I said, git up mister,” the officer compelled, sharply grabbing the Captain by one of the straps of his overalls and jerked him to his feet.
“What’s going on officer? I’ve done nothing wrong!”
“Nothing wrong, huh? What about them clothes you got on - we got a bulletin someone had robbed an old couple up north of here, and the thief was wearing a red flannel shirt and a pair of blue denim overalls with a tear in the right knee. Seems to fit you to a tee mister, but do you and him have the same tailor? Put your hands behind your back, you’re under arrest.
“Under arrest?” The Captain shockingly responded. “For what offense?”
 “Breaking and Entering.”
“Hold on a minute Tommy, I can vouch for these men - I’m sure you have the wrong guy,” Ruby said to Officer Thomas Traylor.
“This fellow been here long Jack? The robbery took place yesterday. Can you vouch for his whereabouts on Wednesday?”
“Well... well... no. Sorry Mister Doess.”
Speaking to Clem the Captain quietly said, “I don’t have any money for bail, but I have this Rolex watch - the crystal is broken, and it does not run but it’s made of eighteen karat gold. Can you take it to a pawnshop and get what you can for it and come back and bail me out?” Turning to the officers he asked, “Officers where will I be taken?”
“We’re carrying you to the Dallas City Jail over on Houston Street. Houston is on the east side of Dealy Plaza.”
Even with all the commotion Captain Scarburg couldn’t help but think, ‘that’s the same jail Lee Harvey Oswald will be held in tomorrow afternoon, and this man sitting right here in front of me is going to kill him Sunday in that same jailhouse basement. What a strange world.’
The time was 2:06 p.m. Thursday, November 21, 1963.

By the time the booking of Captain Scarburg had been completed, and he had been taken to his cell at the Dallas City Jail the sun was beginning to drop behind the Texas School Book Depository. No one realized, except Captain Scarburg on the sixth floor in Cell Number Two, today’s setting of the sun was the end of an age - the Age of Innocence for the United States. Drastic changes were about to occur after sunrise the following morning. After tomorrow, the U.S. and the rest of the world would never be the same again. Was it premonition, fate or just the luck of the draw but Cell Number Two was the same cell that would house Lee Harvey Oswald tomorrow night.
 Sitting in his cell, Captain Scarburg could look out his window, and see the Texas School Book Depository building just across the way. It was located on the north side of Dealy Plaza facing Elm Street, and the Dallas City Jail, where the Captain was firmly secured, was on the east side facing Houston Street. He wondered, did I come to Dallas from the 21st century, for nothing? Surely not! I can’t do anything tomorrow from this cell. I have to be on the Book building roof at exactly 12:30. How? How? Darn it, I’ve got to get out of here. Where is Clem?
 At ten o’clock, the main lights in the jail cells were extinguished. The two firelights and the exit sign above the door to the main booking room provided enough dim light to illuminate the hallway in front of the cells quite well. But it wasn’t the lights keeping Captain Scarburg awake - it was his nerves. His were a total wreck. He lay on the worn out, thin mattress of his bunk with his hands behind his head, staring at the ceiling, thinking – his mind wasn’t on the thin mattress or the rusty, iron bunk he was thinking, I’ve come so far, traveled through time from one parallel universe to another and survived. The history of the world surely cannot come down to one old flannel shirt and a pair of worn-out overalls. Surely not!
Nothing was heard, but the squeaking of his bed springs as he slowly arose from his bunk, walked to the bars of his cell and peered down the hallway at the clock high on the wall at the far end.
The time was 12:15 a.m., Friday, November 22, 1963.

He knew the date - that terrible day had arrived - Friday, November 22, 1963. By-ned just fifteen more minutes and I’ll only have twelve hours! Twelve short hours! Can this be done? Can I interrupt the shooter on that building? Shuffling back over to his cell window he once again looked across the street to the now darkened red bricks of the Texas School Book Depository building. The waxing crescent moon cast just enough light to allow him to get a glimpse of the sixth floor sniper’s window. The building didn’t seem so significant, and tonight it wasn’t. No one knew its name except the people who worked there. Tomorrow in the daylight it would take on a sinister aura. Its name would be known, not only to the inhabitants of Dallas, but to the country as a whole, no, not just the United States, but to the whole wide world.
A building, build of wood, brick, plaster and paint would take on a life of its own. Everyone would know its name - it would become famous - maybe the word infamous would be more fitting; however, Captain Scarburg knew whether he was released from that cell or the assassin on the roof of the building was successful, the seven story, brick building looming just within a stone’s throw of his cell would forever be remembered in history.
As Captain Scarburg peered into the blackness of the night, he thought about that building so inconsequential, so insignificant, so irrelevant, just a building, nothing more nothing less - tonight!! It was quite; spooky quite as he gazed at the foreboding structure. Off in some trees across Dealy Plaza he heard the sounds of a Nightingale singing its mournful tune in the dark. Another time, another place, this would be idyllic, he thought.
The Texas School Book Depository was destined to become an American historical place. It would become consequential, significant and relevant - tomorrow.

OFFICER J. D. TIPPIT

Standing at his window staring at the Book Depository, he heard the keys jangling as one of the guards unlocked the entrance door into the cellblock. A tall, slim built man Captain Scarburg reasoned to be in his thirties dressed in the uniform of a Dallas police officer entered to perform the hourly cell check. The Captain sizing him up determined him to be a hardworking, good-looking young fellow. Strange, thought Captain Scarburg, how remarkable he resembled the President John F. Kennedy. As he neared Captain Scarburg’s cell, he was startled to see Captain Scarburg standing with his hands tightly gripping the cold steel bars to his cell.
“What’s the trouble Prisoner No. Two? Having a hard time sleepin’? You’re actin’ like you’re goin’ to an execution tomorrow,” the jailer said grinning.
“Execution... huh?” The Captain said mulling it over in his mind. “Execution...? Yeah, you might say that.” He replied, glancing at the guard’s nametag on his left front breast pocket, ‘TIPPIT’ it read as he released his hands from the bars and walked back to his bunk. Under his breath, Captain Scarburg said, “Officer J. D. Tippit!!”
Hearing the Captain’s remark, “How’d you know my name? I never told you my name!”
“Oh... oh... uh... must have heard one of the other guards referring to you, I guess.” 
 Turning to walk away, Tippit turned his head and spoke over his shoulder saying, “Try to get some rest you’ll probably get out of here tomorrow or the next day for sure.”
“Wait Officer Tippit. I would like to speak with you.”
Returning to the Captain’s cell, “What do you want?” The guard asked harshly. 
“How long have you been with the Dallas police?”
“’Bout eleven years now, I guess. Why? What’s it to you?”
“Nothing, just wondering. I have a feeling you plan on making policing your lifelong career.”
“Yeah, I’ve been givin’ it some thought lately. When I first joined the force I really wanted to be a detective, but all they had was a patrolmen’s job. I have to split time between patrol duties and jailer duties. With the patrolmen and jailer experience under my belt, I believe I have a good chance passing the detective’s test and finally becoming a plain-clothes detective. A detective’s pay is a lot more than a patrolman. I’ve got a family to support I need the extra money. I’ve already had to pick-up some extra jobs on the side... but like I said, what’s it to you?”
“You seem like a nice enough young man, and I would like to do something to help you.”
“What are you talkin’ about, how can you help me? You’re just a bum... a thieving bum at that!”
“I’m much older than you, and you are right I cannot help you right now, but I can give you a sound piece of advice: ‘people you come into contact with, are not always whom you think they are’. And another thing - ‘life does not always turn out as we expect.’ Officer Tippit, if this were your last day on Earth what would you do.”
“That’s a stupid question.”
“Maybe, but think about it for a second.”
“I dunno... well, I guess I would tell my wife Marie and my children, Brenda, Curtis and Allen I love them. I guess there ain’t nothin’ else I would do special.”
“Remember what you just said when you get off duty tonight. Do it! I cannot emphasis it enough. Officer Tippit wake them up and tell them what they mean to you. We never know what tomorrow might bring. What time does your shift end?” 
“At 2 p.m. tonight, then back on jailer duty again tomorrow night.”
“You sure? I think you will be on patrol duty tomorrow.”
“What do you think? You don’t know nothing ‘bout our schedule. You’re just a prisoner.”
“I... uh... I just thought you would rotate from jail duty to patrol duty. Anyway, I believe I’ll be out of here tomorrow. The jail could have a more important guest for my cell. Execution, huh? That was a good one. Don’t forget your wife and children, please.”
“You’re talkin’ crazy. I don’t need your advice.”
“Yeah, may seem like it today but you see the side wall of my cell where all the previous inmates have scratched notes? Once I’m out of here, I left some advice on that wall too. It will be under 12/22/63.”
“What are you talkin’ about?”
“Remember, just read it Officer Tippit - before 12:30 tomorrow!”
“Aw, you bum... what are you, a psychic? All you bums got a plan don’t you? You’re probably innocent too, right? Well forget it. It won’t work with me.” 
The time was 1:30 a.m. Eleven hours to go.

It was early Friday morning November 22, 1963. The Dallas police’s Handbook of Procedures states a police officer cannot enter an inmates cell unless a second officer is on hand, as a backup. Officer Tippit was alone. He could not enter the cell and read the wall tonight unless he found another officer to provide backup for him. It appeared Tippit was not too interested in the scribbling of a thieving derelict anyway.
Captain Scarburg arose early, passed on the breakfast but drank the black coffee and sat quietly on the side of his bunk. The sun was beginning to cast a glimmer of light through the barred window onto the cold, unpainted concrete floor directly in front of him.
The time was 7:06 a.m.

“Dog-gone-it, five hours to go - where in the heck are you Clem?” For the next four and a half hours, hands behind his head, he lay motionless on his back in his bunk staring at the ceiling. The hours dribbled by 7:30, 8:30, 9:30, 10:30 and finally 11:30. One last time he went to the cell door and checked the clock. One hour! I only have one more hour! If Clem arrived at this exact moment, I don’t know if I can out-process and get into position on the roof before 12:30.
Back over to his bunk he sat with his chin in his hands thinking. The lock on the door to the cellblock clanked with the hard, metallic sound they make as a guard entered. He jumped to his feet and hurried to the cell bars. As the guard walked across the floor, Captain Scarburg watched his movement intently. I can’t tell, is he coming my way? His shoe leather snapped loudly on the concrete as the guard moved down the long hallway. Come on, come on let it be me. There were only two prisoners in the cellblock. Another inmate was in cell Number One. The Captain was in Number Two. Approaching the first cell, the guard stopped, reached for his belt and unsnapped the large key ring full of keys - fumbling for a second or two he found the correct four and one half inch long brass key. Darn, I was sure it was my time to get out of here. The clock was running out.
The time was 11:55 a.m. Only thirty-five minutes left.

It appeared the prisoner in Number Two was not to be freed this morning in time to meet his rendezvous with destiny. The guard walked swiftly toward the exit, returning his keys to his belt as he approached the door.
By-Ned, he’s walking away! 
But suddenly the guard stopped, turned and walked back toward the Captain’s cell. “Oh, almost forgot about you Mr. Doess. Charges against you have been dropped.” Unlocking the cell door, he motioned toward the door the first inmate was now exiting, “You are free to go, best of luck to you. Stop outside, there are some papers you will have to sign and you can pick up any personal articles the arresting officers might have confiscated.”
“Thanks... oh, thank you.” Looking at the clock, as he had done a hundred times during the previous night, he thought, this is going to be tight!
The time was 12:05 p.m. Twenty-five minutes to go.

Swinging open the heavy, steel, cell door he almost ran to the metal door leading outside to freedom. Before he could reach and grasp the door handle the door swung open. He practically ran into another police officer, Officer Johnny Kennedy, (if he only knew, thought Captain Scarburg), who had been on the night shift before Tippit of the previous night, along with a prisoner and a second jailer. The two jailers had an obviously drunk man in handcuffs. “Excuse us...,” said the first guard, “I’m just comin’ on duty Mr. Doess.” 
“Yes I remember you from early last evening. Oh, by the way, what happened to Officer Tippit?”
“They moved him to patrol duty today because the Presidents coming. They needed extra patrol duty. Heard your charges were dropped - take care and good luck.”
“Good luck to you too Officer John Kennedy.”
“It’s Johnny, Mr. Doess, not John.”
“Sorry, I guess I had the President’s name on my mind.” The Captain could not afford to waste time with this officer, “Yeah, Officer Kennedy, got sprung! Charges aren’t dropped yet, just getting bailed out now, but I’ll be a free man just as soon as a judge signs the papers,” he said as he hurried through the door the second jailer was holding open for him.
Under his breath, soft enough Captain Scarburg could not hear, Officer Kennedy replied, “Worthless bum...! Good riddance...!”
The time was 12:12 p.m. Eighteen minutes to go.

A large outstretched hand greeted the Captain as he arrived in the outer room, “I’m sorry John! I got back as quick as I could.” It was Clem.
“No time... no time... come on Clem we’ve got to go. You can tell me all about it later, where do I sign out?”
One of the Judicial Officers instructed him to take a seat and the Discharge Officer would see him as soon as the Judge signed his release papers. He was now fighting the clock.
Captain Scarburg and Clem both fidgeted in their hard plastic and steel chairs, which filled the Booking/Discharge room. The stark hardness of the chairs did nothing for their hind sides as they awaited the Captain’s name to be called.
Back in the cellblock Officer Kennedy proceeded to the Number Two cell, his partner stood guard by the exit door. Slamming and locking his inebriated prisoner’s cell door Officer Kennedy turned to leave but remembered something Officer J. D. Tippit had told him earlier. He now had to see what Mr. Doees had written on the wall. 
Opening the cell door with a loud clang he walked over to the note filled wall. What did Mr. Doees say last night? Look for something under... under... darn, wish I had been listening when Tippit was talkin’. Where the heck is it, he thought taking a cursory look over the wall at the dozens of handwritten, scribbled notes. What a mess! We’re goin’ to have to paint this wall. This thing’s got too much junk written on it. Hastily he glanced over the wall again, shucks, there ain’t nothing here worth readin’.
Walking to the broom closet at the far end of the cellblock Officer Kennedy removed a gallon of grey paint and two paintbrushes. Opening cell Number Two’s door he grabbed the newly arrived inmate and impatiently demanded, “Come here... help me paint this wall.” His partner remained at his station by the door - as stated, unless it was an emergency both officers could not be in a cell at the same time.
As he began to slap the paint on the wall the drunk commented, “Ossifer, ossifer... uh... uh... yeh know Lee Oswall?”
“What? Wall? Yeah paint the wall. Shut your whiskey talkin’ mouth and keep painting that wall?”
“Hoos Oswall? Hoos Jack Ruby? 
“What are you mumbling about? I said ‘Shut up’ just paint!” 
The drunk would not be quiet, “whats thuh School Buildin’ and thuh Texas Movie Theater? It must be today at 12:30, ain’t today the 22th... I betcha some other bum...” interrupting his thought he stopping to burp and at the same time almost throwing up, continued... “said these thangs. Huh, Ossifer, what yew thank?”
“Shut up you drunken bum and paint over that trash on the wall. I ain’t tellin’ you agin!”
They had the wall re-painted in cell Number Two in a few minutes. “There, the wall looks better, nice and fresh. Now I don’t have to look at all that worthless scribbling done by them bums. Come on you’re goin’ to cell Number One ‘till this paint dries.”
The prisoner in cell Number Two’s last brush strokes covered over, what was likely, the most momentous piece of historical information ever written about an American tragedy before the event had even happened. Underneath the coat of fresh, grey paint had been ample assassination data that could have ensured the immortalization of Officer Kennedy’s name in the history books of the future. A Kennedy would be in history books all right, but his name would not be Johnny, but John – John Fitzgerald Kennedy would become the American icon, but Officer Johnny Kennedy’s name would never be remembered. History would forget his name. The “scribbling” read: 
11/22/63 12:30 pm
JFK Killed
Texas School Book Building 6th Floor
Lee Harvey Oswald did it
He will kill Officer J.D. Tippit 1:15 on 10th St
Catch him in Texas Movie Theater
I’m just a patsy he’ll say
Jack Ruby 11:31 am Sunday 11/24/63 will kill Lee Harvey Oswald.
Beware basement Dallas City police station
Back in the processing waiting room Captain Scarburg’s previous jail cell buddy, the prisoner from cell Number One was called to the Discharge Desk. The Captain watched as, it seemed, an endless stream of papers were being shoved in front of prisoner Number One to sign. After the last release document had been notated, the bag of his valuables was emptied out on the table, and another paper pushed in front the prisoner to annotate. He looked at his belongings and of course signed and initialed the paper. Turning to Clem the Captain spoke almost in a whisper, “Clem hurry downstairs, get the car, and drive it around to the front police station entrance on Houston. We’re running out of time.”
“Mr. Doees! Mr. Doees! The Discharge Officer announced aloud to the people milling around in the waiting area.
Hurrying to the chair at the officer’s table Captain Scarburg sat down as he was replying, “Here!!”
The papers came one after the other. When was it going to stop, he thought. At last his bag was poured out in front of him, and he signed and initialed his last form, but the Discharge Officer was holding his Iphone up in the air with one hand turning it end over end trying to figure out what it was. Finally, he handed it to Captain Scarburg, “Here take your shiny Cracker Jack do-dad and git outta here!! And hey, don’t forget your Monopoly money.” 
Free, free at last.
The time was 12:18 p.m. Destiny’s clock had ticked down to its last twelve minutes.

Luckily the elevator was on the sixth with doors wide open - the Captain jumped in, pressed the ground floor button and prayed no one was on floors one through five waiting to go downstairs. Luck was with him - maybe it wasn’t luck but fate? The elevator door opened on the ground floor. He walked as fast as humanly possible without running to get to the front door. Glancing up at the huge clock over the main entrance - ten minutes – ten minutes to change the world.
The time was 12:24 p.m.

Chapter Sixteen
TEXAS SCHOOL BOOK DEPOSITORY

Outside on the sidewalk he looked to his left - no Clem. He turned and looked right - no Clem. By-ned...! I’ve come so close! I can’t run to the School Book building on the far side of the square, and up the back fire-escape in six minutes, it’s too far... just to far!!! Picture!! I need a picture of the sixth floor of the Book Depository building.
He had just finished snapping the photo thinking all hope seemed lost when around the corner stormed Clem in his grey Nash Rambler station wagon. The Dallas police officer on foot blocking the south end of Houston was frantically blowing his whistle, “Stop! Stop! Road closed!” Luckily he was afoot and could not pursue Clem and his station wagon. Clem, ignoring the police office, slammed on the brakes with a squeal in front of the City Jail. He hollered, “Git in John, git in!!” Clem peeled away from the curb as fast as his old bucket of bolts could travel. He proceeded north on Houston. The police had just begun to block the intersection, but he had blown through the barricade at the corner of Elm and Houston before it was in place. A few cars lengths past the roadblock Clem stomped on the brakes so hard the tires screeched, allowing the car to slid to a stop beside the east side of the Book building, close to the rear.
Captain Scarburg’s feet were already touching the asphalt of Houston Street before Clem could get the Rambler fully stopped. “Five minutes to go... Clem get back around to your parking place on Main Street, now...” he yelled as he started running down the sidewalk toward the fire escape.
“Can’t have but a minute or two left,” he said out loud.
The time was 12:27 p.m.

Earlier on the way in from Celina they had “borrowed” a police ‘No Parking’ orange warning cone. Clem had placed the cone in a parking spot around the corner from Houston on Main Street. They had to guarantee Clem would have a place to park. He did.
Up the fire escape, the Captain went. The first two flights of stairs he covered two and three steps at a time. From floors three to seven it was one step at a time. Sucking hard for air, he realized he wasn’t as young as he once was. A step or two from reaching the roof he stopped, bent over with hands on his knees, breathing hard he tried to catch his breath. Slowly he inched himself into a position where he could see the southwest corner of the roof. He was running out of time.
The time was 12:28:30. 

There... there he was, the sniper, squatted down behind the brick wall. The rifle appeared to be an old M-1D, 30-06 caliber, military rifle with a mounted telescope. The shooter was still on the far end of the building from Captain Scarburg’s fire escape, but he recognized this particular military rifle. While stationed in South Vietnam, he had seen the M-1D Garand rifle many times while working with the Montagnards or “mountain people.” This particular sniper’s rifle had been one of their favorites. Obviously, they used whatever weapons they could obtain, but this one was sturdy and accurate. If they couldn’t get an M-1D like the one on the roof, they got the older M-1Cs that were obsolete. The older “C” models had been replaced by the newer and better “D” models. Fired at long distances with a 30-06 bullet it made a formidable sniper rifle. The Captain remembered what General George S. Patton had said about the M-1 Garand, "In my opinion, the M1 Rifle is the greatest battle implement ever devised." Certainly, this rifle was more than adequate as a long-range killing instrument.
Glancing over his left shoulder he could see the large yellow and red Hertz Rent-a-Car clock mounted on the roof. Got to get a quick picture, he thought taking a snapshot of the sniper crouched on the roof. 
The time was 12: 29:15.

There was no time to huddle behind an air-conditioner, no time to sneak up on the shooter... no time... no time... the Captain only had a minute... actually just less than one minute - forty-five seconds to be exact. 
Taking the last step from the metal fire escape he slipped his leg over the brick wall and onto the asphalt and gravel roof. He tried to be as silent as humanly possible. He feared his charge across the roof and the crunching noise his shoes would make on the gravel would only give him a couple of seconds before the shooter turned and possibly shot him stone cold dead. 
One more look at the clock.
The time was 12:29:35!!! 

It was now or never!! Captain Scarburg knew from the fire escape to the south side of the building was one hundred feet or something less than forty yards. He began his bolt across the roof, running faster than he ran the forty yard dash back in high school football...one second... two seconds... three seconds... the sniper heard the footfalls and began to turn in the Captain’s direction - the muzzle of the M-1 began to move too. His best time for forty yards had been 4.8 seconds, but he had been seventeen years old!! Across the roof he ran, it seemed like his feet were stepping in syrup, but somehow when he was close enough, he reached out and grabbed for the barrel of the M-1.
Startled, the assassin touched the trigger with his finger, the rifle fired. It could not have been accurately aimed since the sniper’s head was beginning to turn toward Captain Scarburg.
Was that a bright blue flash of light? Or was it just the flash from the rifle discharging? No, it couldn’t be, it was blue! It happened so quickly; it was hard to say exactly what was the source of the flash.
The two bodies crashed into each other... it was the best tackle the Captain ever made. At the University of Alabama, he was a linebacker and punished many a runner. But he didn’t believe he had ever hit a running back as hard as he tackled this shooter. Both men tumbled over onto the gravel surface of the roof. The shooter landed on top. He was attempting to regain his feet, Captain Scarburg was grabbing at him when the sniper slipped his grip – the shooter leapt to his feet grabbed his rifle and fled down the rear fire escape. 
What was that... another rifle shot? Yes, yes, it was a rifle shot being fired, and the noise was back toward the other end of the building. Since the building is a perfect square one hundred feet by one hundred feet, this shot had to be about one hundred feet to his east.
Exhausted, overwhelmed and totally drained of his adrenalin Captain Scarburg could not feel the sharp gravel of the roof punching into his back as he lay on the roof looking upwards toward the large rectangular clock – all he felt was the exhilaration of Mission Accomplished!!!
The time was 12:30:00, Friday November 22, 1963. 

Chapter Seventeen
“I HAVE TO WITNESS THIS MURDER”

“Wait...! Wait...!” The Captain said loudly. His outburst was not going to affect or alter the outcome of the shootings. That was not why he yelled. He reasoned, I have not come this far, endured so much, and traveled thru time and space from the 21st century back to 1963 without seeing this. I know it is morbid, but I have to witness this murder! History was happening just over the edge of his roof on the street below. He actually wanted to be an eyewitness to the assassination! He jumped to his feet, and cautiously raised his head slightly over the brick wall and could see the whole of Dealy Plaza panoramically displayed below. On Elm Street was the black limousine with the President. He could see Agent Hill climbing on the rear trunk. The assassin’s bullet he had just heard from the other end of the building had struck its intended mark – the President’s back and missed Agent Hill entirely.
Captain Scarburg hurriedly pulled his camera from his pocket and took a snapshot of the gruesome scene below.
His mind kept telling him, get to the fire escape... get to the fire escape NOW! But he seemed to be paralyzed. The confusion and panic on the street below had him mesmerized. Suddenly, the explosive noise of another shot echoed off the surrounding buildings, but wait a doggone second, this one came from those trees and bushes right over there to his right. That’s the Grassy Knoll area, he said to himself. And that did not sound like a rifle shot! That was a pistol!! So there undoubtedly was another shooter on the Grassy Knoll!
Suddenly the sound of another rifle blast jarred his ears, again coming from the vicinity of the far end of his building. Wait a minute, that sound seemed to have come from the Dal-Tex building across the street.  That could not have been Oswald, he thought. I wonder which shot actually kills President Kennedy – one from Oswald, a sniper in the Dal-Tex building or that shooter on the Grassy Knoll? 
Looking straight down he recognized someone - well actually it wasn’t recognized, more like de´ja´vu, as he saw what had been previously described to him in his office back at SCAR Headquarters - a small man in a brown raincoat, opening and closing a large black umbrella - ANHUR, you son-of-a-gun, I see you... I see you! He could see the people in Dealy Plaza running in all directions - some running away from the scene of carnage, some running up the slight hill toward the area called the Grassy Knoll. He could see the motorcycle cop jump from his Harley with gun drawn hurrying up the hill. Hmmm... I wonder if I can see the Grassy Knoll shooter fleeing? He began to turn to see the trees, bushes and parking lot behind... I must get a picture of this too, he thought snapping another picture.
As he took the final picture of the Grassy Knoll, he noticed something unusual. Everyone, on or near the Grassy Knoll, was racing toward Elm Street and the scene of the assassination, but wait, he saw a person hurriedly fleeing through the foliage to a waiting black automobile parked in the city’s Impoundment Lot. The direction of travel was totally opposite to the direction of the panic stricken crowd on the north side of Dealy Plaza. This person was wearing a dark colored jacket, possibly green with light colored pants that could, maybe, be tan. In his right hand was a black bag - a bag possibly carrying the sniper weapon. Captain Scarburg had cursed his lack of ability to discern colors on his arrival in the cow-pasture, but now he was thankful - had it not been for the Captain’s monotone vision this person would have blended into the surrounding foliage of the trees, shrubs and evergreens, totally camouflaged. But wait – there was something else he noticed! As the sniper exited the trees and moved out into the open he could see him quite clearly; however, this person was NOT a man!! It was a WOMAN!! Without thinking, he snapped another photo. “I believe I have seen that face before… but where?” He said out loud as he watched her run across the parking lot and jump into a four-door, black Cadillac Deville.
He had no time to contemplate this fantastic realization because suddenly it hit him... GET OUT...! GET OUT NOW...! THE FIRE ESCAPE!

TIME TO FLEE

The last minute or so Captain Scarburg had been so absorbed and enthralled he thought it almost unreal - it was as if he were watching himself in a movie. But time to affect an escape was beginning to run out... he would think about the woman shooter later, now he had to flee. Flee down the fire escape, hurry around the west end of the Book building and hopefully meet Clem at Elm Street. Elm Street, just mere feet from where the motorcade was whisking the President away, now fatally shot.
He had been right - the people were so stricken with panic they hardly paid any attention to the cars following the Presidential parade. He grabbed the door handle and like an acrobat had swung into the passenger’s seat before Clem came to a complete stop, “Let’s go Clem - pull back into the traffic and let’s get the heck out of Dallas.” As Clem navigated the traffic, the Captain spotted the brown raincoat again and began feverously rolling down his car window. 
 Sticking his head out he frantically waved his arm and yelled, “Hey Anhur, hey Anhur!” The diminutive man Captain Scarburg saw in the brown raincoat with the large black umbrella must have recognized him for he immediately pointed his finger at their Nash Rambler and opened and closed his umbrella, swiftly, a couple of times. It was just long enough for the Captain to get one final snapshot before leaving the scene of one of America’s greatest tragedies.  
Just a few hundred yards west down Elm was the triple overpass. Immediately past the railroad overpass the highway makes a right turn onto the on-ramp leading to the Stemmons Freeway. Two miles north they will take the Dallas Freeway and finally head back to Celina - and safety.
Approaching the overpass Captain Scarburg stole one last backward look at the clock on top the Texas School Book Depository, and one final photo. 
The time was 12:34.

Four minutes ago the Captain had been fighting with the assassin on top of that very building - four minutes! He could not fathom it in his mind - it seemed more like four days. Surely, he thought, it must have been much, much longer! Four minutes! This cannot be right??
For the next thirty minutes or so Clem drove northward back toward Celina. Neither man spoke. The Captain was the first, “Clem, now that my heart has resumed beating again I have a couple of questions.”
“Yeah, John I know’d you do and I’m sure sorrie.”
“Sorry? Sorry? Clem what on earth do you have to be sorry about. Everything worked out just as we planned.”
“No, it were my fault that you had to spent the hole gall-durn night in the jailhouse. You see John you gimme your watch to go sell. I know’d it were gold and even with that broke face it sure was worth a lot of money, anyways, I ain’t got no permit, so I couldn’t sell it here in Dallas.”
“Wait... hold on Clem. What permit do you need to sell a watch in a pawnshop?”
“You know John. One of them picture cards that you use to drive with.”
“Drivers license? A drivers license, is that the ‘permit’ you’re talking about Clem?”
“Yeah, drivers license, that’s the permit I don’t got. Never had one John, I sure am sorrie.”
“Okay Clem now backup, what did you do since you did not have a drivers license?”
“I drove back to Celina and seen Penelope and told her what had happened. She give me the bail money from some money we had saved up.” Reaching into his pocket, he handed Captain Scarburg back his broken Rolex. “That’s what done took me so long John. Course once I got home I had to feed the livestock and such and by then it was gettin’ dark. John, I barely could find my way home in the daylight. There shore warnt no way I could of got back to your jailhouse in the dark. I sure am sorrie John.”
 “By-ned Clem - I believe I have heard it all now.”
“So your ill at me, huh John?”
“Ill? Ill? Oh... mad... heck no Clem I believe that’s about as much as any person has even done for me. With your effort, Clem you changed the future - if I had the power I would give you a medal.”
“Shucks John, yer gonna make my eyes water up. Well I’m glad we had our talk John, cause my turning off road is comin’ up and I wanted to clear the air afore you left.”
“Clem, it is clear - I don’t believe I have ever had a more loyal friend than you.”

Chapter Eighteen
RETURN TO THE PONDEROSA

Turning once again into the driveway of the Ponderosa Captain Scarburg requested Clem stop the car for a moment. When the car had stopped the Captain held the Iphone out the window and snapped a beautiful picture of Clem and Penelope’s Ponderosa. “Okay Clem, drive on up to the house.” Walking in the front door, Clem yelled, “Penelope... Penelope... I got’em back, jest like I said I would. I brought John back with me.”
As usual Penelope was in the kitchen. Coming into the living room, “Lands sake John, when Clem left this mornin’ he told me he was goin’ to brang you home. When I heard you wuz in jail for robbin’ ole man Simpson, well swanny that ole grouch ain’t worth a plug nickel, but he likes money. So this mornin’ bright and early I sent Clem over to his place and paid him fer your clothes you ‘borrowed’. Like I said, he liked the money more’en them clothes. Clem got him to call the police and drop them charges agin you.”
“Well I’ll be - you two never cease to amaze me.”
“Clem, Penelope you both have been really decent to me. But you will never know how much better your future lives will be for the action we three took today. History will never know your names, but you can rest assured I will never forget you. But I have until 12:30 tomorrow, Saturday, and my Pegasus machine and I will return home to the year 2012. I must be inside, or she will leave without me. And,” Captain Scarburg said laughing, “you’ll be stuck with me from now on. Clem I’m going to need your help.”
“Anythang I can do to help John, you know that.”
“Let me take a minute and try to explain my predicament. You see, I was supposed to leave the year 2012 and land on the roof top of the School Book building in Dallas just a few seconds before the sniper fired his first shot at the President of the United States. After I had knocked him out, or whatever, I was to crawl back into my time machine. I only had five minutes then it would disappear. It would appear again in twelve hours, but only for another five minutes. Twelve hours later, on the dot, the bag of bolts leaves 1963 and returns to 2012. It is automatically programmed to remain for only twenty-four hours and then it was to return. That is, unless it was programmed to remain longer. In my case, I was to arrive at 12:30 on Friday and I was supposed to leave at 12:30 Saturday. 
“Dadburn John why’d y’all fix it that away?”
“Because we build it according to the instruction book we used.”
“Why didn’t y’all git them fellers who wrote the book to change it?”
“Clem, the next clear night go out into the yard and gaze up into the sky, what will you see?”
“Stars... John, I’ll see millions of beautiful, sparkling, stars.”
“Right you are Clem. Pick out one, anyone of them, that’s where we would have to go to ask ‘the fellers that wrote the book’. But back to our discussion, at exactly half past twelve noon tomorrow my time machine is adios, gone, out of here. If I am not inside, too bad, it’s so long sucker she’ll leave anyway.”
“What would keep you from bein’ in it John?”
“To begin with, I landed in the wrong place. I missed Dallas by forty miles. Next, the machine must be almost perfectly level for takeoff; one end of my flying machine is hung up on a stump. Finally, to make matters worse someone back in 2012 tried to sabotage my mission by inputting the wrong place to land and the wrong date.”
Captain Scarburg explained he was surprised he was not fighting alongside King Arthur in some remote part of England at that very minute.
He believed if the correct data had been programmed his time machine would have landed in the right place and at the correct time, but the worst part: he could not change the data in the computer to return home. If someone messed with the information when he came here, they sure as heck messed it up for his return. Even if he could get Pegasus to ‘blast off’, there was no way of knowing where he would land, or in what century. Explaining this to Clem and Penelope he told them even though someone was trying to kill him he considered himself a lucky man.
“Lucky! John how can you say that? You may never get back to your home, and you call this lucky?” 
“Yes... I got to meet you two!!”
“We don’t know what to say... except John, tonight we will be at your time-flyin’ machine at exactly the time the door opens, and you can git inside. I’ll take my wrecker truck - it’s got a wench on back that we can move your machine with, how’s that?”
“Sounds good, uh... uh... speaking of good, Penelope, I got a whiff of something that smells delicious - you wouldn’t have anything going on in the kitchen would you?”
Laughing, “You rascal you know’d I got supper almost ready. I reckoned you boys would be hungry if you got back. Come on let’s eat.”
“What do you mean “if?” Never a doubt, right Clem?”
Clem rolled his eyes and laughed. “Yeah right, John!”
Sitting down at the dining room table, Penelope emerged from the kitchen carrying a large, black pot of steaming hot food. Sitting the pot in the center of the table the Captain’s nose got the whiff of the most tantalizing aroma he had smelled in a long time.
“No! Don’t tell me my nose is lying, Penelope... not... not... rutabaga turnips and pork chops?”
“Yeah, thought you might want a good meal afore you go.”
After Clem had said the blessing for the meal, Captain Scarburg grabbed his plate and began shoveling a massive portion of turnips and meat onto his plate. Penelope passed him a piece of cornbread and without another word, he began devouring the savory southern dish.
“My, oh my, Penelope... you outdid yourself - this is mighty good eating. What’s your secret?”
“My secret? Oh, if I have one it would be a spoon or two of sugar I add to the turnips as they are cooking – gives’em a sweeter taste - what you think?”
“I think? What do I think? I think they are ‘musty’.”
“Musty? Why I never!” Penelope said, taking aback.
“I ‘musty’ need another helping, if you don’t mind.” The Captain said laughing as he passed his empty plate to Penelope. Penelope was serving the Captain another heaping plate of turnips and pork chops when he noticed a handsome, cross-stitched sampler beautifully framed hanging on the dining room wall. The stitched lettering handsomely read: “Home Sweet Home” and along the bottom was the name and date: “Minnie Coker Three December In the Year of Our Lord Nineteen Hundred and One”. “Penelope I believe that is one of the most beautiful stitched samplers I have ever seen.”
“Well thank ya John, that was did by my Granny Coker when she was jest a young girl.” 
“Well, Penelope, you can be proud of your Grandmother, she accomplished a work of art with her needlepoint. And it’s nice you have kept it to remember her by.”  
As they continued eating Clem looked at John, “John, do you know whar you left yer machine?”
“Actually Clem no... no I do not know exactly... I figure I can get within the vicinity. I’d been walking a couple of miles before you picked me up.”
“Okay John, I’ve been coon huntin’ back in them thar woods and fields fer years tell me what you seed when you got out of yer flying thang.”
“Alright, well there was a huge stand of hardwoods and pines towards the west; some old, outdated, rusty oil pumps off in the distance to the north and oh yeah, an old shed-looking building; a highway a couple of miles toward the south, and there was a pond. Well really there were two ponds. Looked as if a beaver dam had been built between them. That is about it. Hold on just a second,” the Captain said pulling his Iphone out, “I’ve got a couple pictures of the area.” Clem took the Iphone from him, and looked at the pictures of the cow pasture the Captain had taken when he first landed.
“I know exactly whar you wuz at... Double Pond Lake, been coon huntin’ all around thar. Your right, beavers built that second pond. Larry Brock the man that owns that thar piece of dirt lives in Dallas, just keeps a small herd of cows on hit, somethin’ like maybe three or four thousand head. He won’t be around to bother us none. If you’d know’d it John, he had a ole ‘53 green, flat-bed, Ford truck that he leaves in that thar shed building. The keys are in it. He uses it when he comes up to check out his spread. Hits jest a small ranch believe hes only got 4,500 hundred acres. He’s what we around here call a ‘gentleman rancher’. You could’ve borried the truck, he wouldn’t have never minded. Back off behind all that hay is an ol’ army Jeep. It runs too, don’t need no key fer it. Jest fire’er up. You could’ve used either one of them.”
“Now I find out! Oh well... oh yeah, cows, you’re right Clem, there were a lot of cows also. I don’t know what kind of cows they were. They were just cows, gentle cows, with big, ole moon-eyed white faces.” 
“John, fer like of a better name we just call’em whiteface cows.” That brought a chuckle to all sitting around the table. “You no Penelope if I was’ta cut off the main road and take that road over Saddlehorn Gulch, it’d only be a couple of miles over thar to that Double Pond Lake, what’d you think?”
“I figure your right Clem. It can’t be more’n five miles.”
Moving from the dining room to the fireplace room Clem went around behind and plugged the TV cord into the wall. “Sorry,” said Clem, “the turn-on switch is broke. I jest have to plug it in to get it to come on.”
The TV announcer was talking about Dallas, and the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. They all sat staring at the screen as if it were an event they were just now hearing about but knowing full well it was their interference, which caused the Presidents ultimate demise. Captain Scarburg was the first to speak, “You know, this is weird. I watched this same television news program while I was a junior at the University of Alabama. I remember it distinctly. All my buddies were sitting in the rec room frozen to the TV. Watch right here Walter Cronkite will come on with an interview with Abraham Zapruder.” 
No sooner had Captain Scarburg uttered the words Conkrite appeared with Mr. Zapruder. “Well I’ll be,” said Clem. “How old was you John?”
“Let’s see... I was born in 1943, and this is in 1963, so I guess I was about twenty years old.”
“What! What you sayin’ John I was born in 1938 and Penelope in 1940! John you must be fifty or sixty years old! I’m not tryin’ to make fun, but you’re a lot older than us. We should be older than you! What’s up?”
“Clem and Penelope, in 1963 you are older than a person born in 1943, but remember I am from the year 2012. In fact, I am sixty-nine years old! You forget I come from the 21st century.”
“I know this is supposed to make sense, but for the sake of me, this is crazy. But John, young or old, I reckon you done what you come here to do?”
“No Clem, WE did what I came here to accomplish. Today, I can assume, you both are extremely sad and upset by the scenes of President Kennedy’s death on your television. But believe me Clem and Penelope, you will never know how much better the world will be from this day forward. I want to thank you both; although, your deeds will go unnoticed and recognized, just always remember, I will not forget! I WILL be returning to an entirely different world than the one I left. I just hope and pray this new world will include my grandson Bud.”
“We do to,” said Clem. “But, you’re right I’m sad watching this Kennedy stuff, but I’m glad knowin’ what we did was for the best.”
“Oh, almost forgot – do not forget to watch your Uncle Sparky shoot Lee Harvey Oswald Sunday. You don’t want to miss that.” 
The hours passed swiftly. Grandpa explained the world of the 21st century. It was like trying to explain an airplane to cave men. The more he talked, the less they understood. They liked the idea that everyone would have a color TV. Clem was glad he finally would get off his eight party telephone line.
They couldn’t believe the U.S. had sent a man to the moon. They argued with John about that for a long time. Clem finally said to Captain Scarburg, “John, you have told us a lot of thangs but you ain’t never goin’ to convince me y’all sent a man to the moon. This jez ain’t possible – I know I can see the ‘man in moon’ but he ain’t no real human bein’ – naw, I ain’t buying that a man actually set foot on that moon. Ever body knows it is made of green cheese Captain.”
Grinning, “Okay, Clem, I’m not going to continue trying to convince you that Neil Armstrong landed on the moon in 1969, you will just have to live to see it yourself.”
They were sad the Vietnam War was going to get worst, and many young men were going to die. “I thought by us fixin’ this Parallel Universe thang there wouldn’t be no more war!”
“I wish that were true Clem, but the Vietnam War does continue but it does not spill over into the Viruchi War and the atomic warfare between the United States and Russia will not occur now. We did stop a lot of the killing, mayhem and destruction.” 
“What about the country John, what about the president? Is he a good’en?”
“Well, Clem I really didn’t want to get into this subject - you have to realize it is 1963, and I come from 2012. Many things have happened. Most of them good.”
“Like what John?”
“Well there’s no use in beating around the bush - in 2008 the United States of America elected a... a...”
‘What John, y’all elected a WOMMAN!”
“Well no, but one did run for vice president, but their ticket did not win.”
“What happened? Did she get elected next time?”
“Not quite Clem, we elected a black man! As the blacks themselves want to be called in 2012, an African-American.”
“You mean a colored man? Y’all elected a colored man?”
“Are you prejudiced Clem? Being a white man do you resent black people? Do you feel superior to them? Do you think of them as laborers, workers, field hands and such?”
“You know John, I’ve never give it much thought. Thars Mr. Jefferson, he comes around ever now and then to shoe the hosses. And there’s ole Mason who comes in the fall and helps us pick the cotton. I don’t never think of them as black, or what’d you say, ‘Africans in America,’ theys just plain ole workers doing thar job right alongside me and Penelope.”
“That’s admirable Clem, real admirable. I had a feeling you were the type of person that would not let a man be judged by the color of his skin but judged by the content of his character.”
“That’s good, John, real good. Thems fine words to live by. I’ll try to ‘member them.”
“Yes they are Clem, but I’m sorry, I copied those words from another man. In a few years, the African-Americans will have a black leader to come on the scene who will preach peace and non-violence – you will, in just a couple of years, know him as the Reverend Martin Luther King.”
“Was he the one that becomes our President?”
“No John the President will be a man by the name of Barrack Hussein Obama. Here’s the way the Presidential elections will go: You know President Kennedy was assassinated today, Lyndon Johnson will replace him and be president next, then in 1969 Richard Nixon will get elected, then it will be Gerald Ford, then Jimmy Carter, Ronald Regan, George Bush, Bill Clinton, George Bush and finally Barrack Obama.”
“Okay John I heered yew. That Ronald Regan one, I’ve seed him in the movies, your Ronald Regan president jez got the same name? And what about them two Bush names - did he get elected two times?”
“Quick answers Clem - Ronald Regan, IS the same movie actor you watched in the movie, and no there wasn’t a Bush president that was elected twice, well they did get elected twice, but this is confusing. Just let it go... it was two different men. One was the father and the other his son.” 
Before they all realized it, the large mantel clock over the fireplace had struck eleven.
“When do you think we need to get started Clem? The clock just indicated the bewitching hour was about to arrive.”
“The betwich... twitch... what... ah John you just use to many of them fancy words.”
“It just means it’s eleven o’clock I believe it’s about time to get started over to Double Pond Lake. What about it Clem?”
“Dadburn, your rite John, let me jest turn over to KDAL Channel 5, and see the weather and we’ll be off, is that okay.”
At 11:30, the local news and weather finished, and Clem announced he was ready. “John that weather man said it was goin’ to be cold tonite’ you got a coat or anything?”
“Just these stolen duds everyone says are a red shirt and blue overalls Clem, that’s it.”
“Well I got your red overhalls back from Mr. Simpson. They looked like they would keep you purty warm. Penelope wher’d you put’em.”
Penelope retrieved the flight suit from the hall closet, and the Captain pulled it over his red flannel shirt and blue denim overalls. “Snug as a bug in a rug,” he said patting his stomach. “Let’s be off, my good man,” he laughingly said to Clem.
“That’s a good’ern John, never heered that one. Got to see if’en I can remember it.”
Walking to the front door Captain Scarburg stopped and extended his hand to Penelope saying, “Miss Penelope Ruby - it has been a great pleasure to meet you. I want to tell you how much I have enjoyed your meals, and the good company since you both took me in. Words cannot express how much I appreciate what you and Clem have done. You will never know what you both have accomplished these past few days... your lives will go on as if nothing has happened because to you it will not seem to change, but you’ll never know how much it will mean to you and millions of other people. From a grateful nation – thanks to you both.” 
He leaned over gave her a big hug, and kissed her on the cheek. “Good bye - May God bless and keep you.” 

Chapter Nineteen
TO SADDLEHORN GULCH

“Right up here is that Saddlehorn Gulch turn-off road John. Hang on, when I said road, I might have mis-spoke a tetch, maybe I should’ve said trail. Anyways it’s purty rough. Jest grab ahold and I’ll git you to yer flyin’ machine.”
Clem wasn’t lying about the road. Trail might be giving it more importance than it deserved. It would have to come up a notch or two to qualify for that name. But after bouncing over gullies, rocks and sometime small trees they arrived at the place where the Captain left Pegasus. Unfortunately, they needed a big ole full moon to illuminate the whole area; however, that would be more than two weeks later. Tonight it was just a sliver of a crescent showing. It wasn’t bright enough to see without any other light. Fortunately, the headlights on Clem’s wrecker brighten the area considerably. ‘John’ found the stump right away. He did not see Pegasus. He walked up to the stump, reached his hand out almost expecting to touch something – nothing. He swung his hand back and forth across the stump. He still felt nothing, yet he knew his flying machine was right there in front of them both. He could not see anything, but the air felt different - something like a fresh rain in the summer time. You cannot see the rain, but the air feels and smells invigorating. This is the same sensation the Captain was observing standing on that stump in the middle of the cow pasture in nowhere Texas.
Clem stood watching, “what you doin’ John, thar ain’t nothin’ here.”
“Wrong Clem! She’s here all right. We just can’t see her yet. Do you smell that? She’ll appear, just wait.” The smell ‘John’ was referring to was the ozone Pegasus creates when she was arriving or leaving.
Before leaving the Ponderosa, Penelope had loaned her watch to John, or Captain Scarburg. She had wound it up real tight and set the hands while mentioning the watch kept perfect time. ‘I hope she is right’, thought ‘John’. According to her watch the time was 12:20. Even if Pegasus had been close enough to check the time on his Iphone it would be of no use - the Iphone was out of power and the Captain had forgotten his charger; however, once entry was gained to Pegasus a power adapter installed in the control console would allow for the charging of the Iphone.
“That’s cutting it fairly close Clem. The machine should reappear in about ten minutes. Have you got the wench on the wrecker ready? Okay... good... nothing to do now but wait. I hope whoever messed with the numbers in the computer did not, in some way, alter or change the time the five minute window would occur.”
“Got my fangers crossed John. Ever thangs goin’ to be okay.”
Captain Scarburg, leaning on the fender of Clem’s truck, watched the minutes pass. He was counting them down to Clem: “five minutes to go... four minutes... three minutes... two minutes... one minute. Get ready Clem she should be appearing any second now.”
Slowly the slight breeze picked up considerably. A hint of a glow could be seen in the vicinity of the old stump. What was being seen wasn’t actually a glow it was more like a vapor. A crackling similar to a fire in a fireplace began, a slight high-pitched hum could be heard along with the beautiful sound of Amazing Grace on the bagpipes, which seemed to be playing off in the distance. Gradually, something akin to a blurred picture began to appear. Suddenly without warning it instantly materialized. It was beautiful, all shiny and slick in the light of the waxing moon. Clem could not say anything. If a person had not known better, he would have thought Clem was in shock, standing up. His mouth had fallen open, and his eyes looked like a deer caught in a car’s headlights. “Well I’ll be,” he said. “Well I’ll be! 
“Quickly Clem attach your winch. Pick that sucker up and sit it flat on the ground while we can still see it.” Clem, snapping out of his stunned state, and moved swiftly to attach the wench’s cable onto the lifting bar built into the front of Pegasus. Running around to the side of the wench he pushed the lever forward, and the slack in the steel cable tightened. The tension on the wench’s cable was tremendous...tighter and tighter the cable became. Could Clem’s small wrecker pick up this futuristic time machine? Slowly, slowly, straining under the heavy weight the wench began to lift the flying machine from the stump. Clem jumped into the cab of the wrecker and began expertly to lower the silver time machine a couple of feet onto the flat ground. “That’s perfect Clem let her down right there.”
Clem got the cable un-hooked just as a loud hissing noise began. Clem looked at his wrecker - he thought the time machine’s weight had blown a tire. Nothing was wrong with the tires. The escape hatch opening was causing pressurized air to escape from inside resulting in the hissing should. Slowly a section of the skin on the titanium body started to move. A round hatch appeared and slowly opened.
All Clem could utter was, ‘dadburn, dadburn.’
The hatch was wide open - we’ve got five minutes to get inside - want a look-see Clem?”
“Nah, I can see good from out here. Besides that thang might close with me inside.”
“Don’t worry Clem. Once inside I can open the hatch whenever I want. We just cannot get back inside until the appointed time. Come on Clem it won’t bite you!”
“Dadburn, I wish bite was all that thang could do to me. But okay I’ll take a peek.”
“Good, pull the truck alongside we’ll just use it as a ladder to reach the hatch.”

REPAIR PEGASUS

Once inside the craft the bank of lights on the instrument were blinking wildly. The three gages indicated the GPS coordinates were labeled, ‘DEPART’, ‘DESTINATION’ and ‘RETURN’. The Captain read the numbers out loud, ‘DEPART’ 38 degrees 57 minutes 0 seconds North 77 degrees 37 minutes 35 seconds West, ‘DESTINATION’ 32 degree 64 minutes 47 seconds North 96 degrees 48 minutes 30 seconds West and ‘RETURN’ 38 degrees 57 minutes 0 seconds North 77 degrees 47 minutes 35seconds West. I just wish I had looked at those dials before I left Washington; however, the gauge on my arrival time back in Washington is 12:29:31 just one second from my departure time.”
“John, I jest hate to ask but what in the devil er you talking about, and most of all, what is that god-awful smell in here? It smells like one of them cows done got in here an fertilized this place.”
Thinking for a moment, the Captain grinned when he thought of the towel he had used earlier to wipe the manure from his boot... it had been lying over in the corner, fermenting for the past couple of days. Clem was right - it was truly ‘ripe’. Walking to the hatch he tossed the white towel out into the night air.
“See those numbers,” the Captain said pointing with his finger to the glowing displays, “they indicate where I left from, where I was supposed to land and where and when I am to return. As you can see ‘DEPARTURE’ and ‘RETURN’ should be exactly the same, I know the ‘DESTINATION’ is wrong and look at the ‘DEPARTURE’ and ‘RETURN’ Clem - they are different. Notice the 37 in minutes in ‘DEPARTURE’ is 47 minutes in ‘RETURN’. I am thinking that will put me smack dab in the middle of the Potomac River. I do not believe I want that hatch opening up in all that water. Besides I don’t know if this thing floats, and Clem the date is wrong too. I left on the 21st, but the ‘RETURN’ date states the 22nd. That can’t be right.”
“Okay John, let’s fixer. Tell me what to do.”
“Do? Do? Clem, there’s nothing you or I can do. This, as you say, dadburn thing cannot be fixed from our end. A highly trained PHD in Computer Sciences and Electrical Engineering must handle these computers Clem. It takes years of training and experience to even touch the inside of this ‘gadget’ as you would call it. One slip up and the whole computer system will be fried.”
As the Captain was talking he heard the faint rendition of The Stars and Stripes Forever, “What the...” Clem said.
“It’s my Iphone ringing Clem. Let me see what’s going on.” He said removing his phone from the console where it had been charging. Putting it to his ear he hesitantly answered, “Hello?”
“Captain Scarburg is that really you? Thank God you are alive. I have been so worried about you.”
“Who is THIS?” Captain Scarburg asked.
“Why... why it’s Mike Watkins... Mike your Flight Prep Crew Chief. How are things going Captain?”
“What the... what a first question Mike! Where the blazes are you?”
“Right where I have been since you blasted off - well since you disappeared out into the wild blue yonder, but you have only been gone a second or two.”
“Mike, the wild blue yonder is a cow pasture about forty miles north of Dallas and just a bit north west of a place named Celina, Texas. Today is Saturday the 23rd of November 1963. You say I’ve only been gone a second or so - I’ve been here going on three days Mike! Oh well we’ll figure this out later if I ever get home.”
“What can I do to help Captain?”
“Mike I’ve got a problem. The program on my departure indicator shows my final destination will be the middle of the Potomac River there in Washington. But the main problem is the light next to the ‘RETURN’ dial is blinking. I know it’s red, I saw it during our testing, but I actually cannot tell the color right now. I’ll explain this later too... I hope. Right above this light is a red ‘ABORT’ that is blinking also. I know someone had sabotaged the computers before I left - so the question is: how can I fix them? And second, what does this red light truly mean? I’m actually afraid to ask - blinking red lights are usually not a good sign. Right? And before we get into that Mike, tell me one thing, how in the devil are we talking to each other.”
“Captain, I was digging through some of the alien documents that had been de-coded, and I discovered a whole set of instructions on building a machine, which uses Tachyons to communicate long distances at speeds faster than light.”
“Tackeyons? What the...? What, faster than the speed of light that can’t be.”
“I can’t get into the particulars of them now, it’s too complicated. But Einstein called it ‘spooky action at a distance.’ Suffice it to say Tachyons were once thought to be a hypothetical subatomic particle that moves faster than light. They still are hypothetical to the rest of the scientific community! I haven’t told anyone about actually discovering them. Well, I didn’t “discover” them as you know, the aliens did, but who’s counting. I also constructed a receiver/transmitter for this device and placed it in Pegasus, and another one is here in my lab. Then I linked the receive/transmit frequency to your Iphone. The only problem, well so far, whoever is in Pegasus, must be materialized in a time equal to or earlier than the date shown on our master clock here in the lab.
Mike went on to explain if someone tries to communicate with him and they are in a ‘time’ later than his time, he cannot talk to them because the event hasn’t happened yet! In simple terms, if Pegasus is in his future he cannot communicate with it. He said, when the Captain returned, he would try to explain more in detail about those Tachyons. Patting himself on the back he said, “But they work reasonably well, huh?” There was one other drawback, he further explained: for the Captain’s Smartphones sending or receiving calls the phones must to be within approximately five miles of Pegasus. Mike also installed an onboard computer, which will record every word transmitted. If needed, they can download any conversation on the return of Pegasus to SCAR’s laboratory. While on the ground, in any situation, Pegasus will act as a relay station and allow Smartphones to work in any Parallel Universe. “Pretty good, huh?” Mike remarked.
“Dadburn Mike... Pretty good? Pretty good? This is unbelievable. To be able to talk over a thousand or so miles in distance, and also stretch it over a span of forty-nine years in time, yes this is pretty darn good!!  Okay, you can tell me about this later, right now you have to figure out how I can get this thing to de-materialize and get back home safely. I only have twelve hours left. Oh, one other thing Mike... why did you program in Amazing Grace with the bagpipes? It is beautiful.”
“Thanks for the compliment Captain, wish I could take credit for the music, but it came with the alien plans. Once I constructed the transmitter/receiver equipment the song just, somehow, appeared. I had nothing to do with it.”
“Okay, but it sure does soothe the nerves on awaking – I’ll have to thank Anhur and his cohorts someday.”
Mike then began to tell the Captain he had bad news and more bad news. And he tried to explain. Mike believed he could work around the wrong Pegasus destination coordinates, if need be he could arrange for the Coast Guard to retrieve Pegasus from the Potomac; however, the onboard computers were another problem. The bad news concerned the distance: they were so far apart... 2,139 kilometers, to be exact, and forty-nine years in Mike’s past. If this weren’t bad enough the Captain would need a combination of an electronic and mechanical engineer who would register as a Mensa candidate just to get into the motherboard of Pegasus’ primary computer. Did he fail to mention those two experts would need to be well versed on the computer technology of the 21st century also? “That would help greatly.” Mike said trying to muffle a laugh.
“Okay Mike, I get the picture. This pasture seems to be lacking those experts and forget about the watery landing spot just tell me how I can turn this red light off. As long as it’s blinking I can’t get this sucker to fly, right?”
“That IS correct Captain. Okay I’ll try to walk you through it. First look for a square service panel to your left side and near the floor. It will be grey and has a recessed chrome, circular pull knob. Open this door - you will see three service lines coming into the panel. Two “hot” leads attach to a two-gang main circuit breaker that connects to two “hot” buss bars. Individual branch circuit breakers, rated to accept a fixed rate amperage of current should slide into the hot “buss” bar. Each breaker has a “hot” lead that...” 
Before Mike could continue, the Captain interrupted “Enough... whoa... whoa... stop... that’s enough Mike, don’t say any more, you’re making my head hurt... you lost me on the opening the door part.”
Clem reached and snatched the Iphone from John’s ear. “Gimme that tellyphone - it’s a Me-phone now... Hello who’s this... Mike? Howdy Mike, my name’s Clem - I’m with John... What? John who? Heck the man you was just talkin’ to... John Doess... that John... Just tell me what to do... I know about these thangs... What you mean it’s above my pay grade?” I reckon I ain’t got me no pay grade, so jest splain me what to do!!” 
For the next couple of minutes, Clem listened intently saying only, “Un-huh... okay... yeah I know’d about that... okay... I believe I can fine it... un-huh... sure... here you go John he wants to talk to you agin.”
“Yes Mike... oh the John thing... don’t worry I’ll explain it to you later... if I ever get home.” Captain Scarburg and Mike exchanged a few more words, and the Captain turned the Iphone off. Turning to Clem, “Mike’s last words were ‘Good-bye’ and he said he would break the sad news to my family. What do you think he meant by that Clem?”
“I dunno John... he was talkin’ about C-Pee-Yous, hard drivers and circus boards. I’s built sheds and stuff so I know all about them boards and planks, I’ll be fine. I can fix this sucker. How long afore that there hole in the wall closes?” Clem said speaking of the escape hatch. 
“About ninety seconds.”
“I jest can make it,” Clem said sliding through the hatch onto his wrecker. Grabbing a grease-encrusted red, toolbox he was back inside Pegasus in a flash. Well it wasn’t a flash, but it was less than ninety seconds, for sure.
“Need me a Phillips head screwdriver,” he said opening the toolbox.
As Clem was opening the lid on the box of greasy, dirt coated tools they both heard the swooshing sound of air escaping again. The hatch was closing. “Oh dadburn John I hope I don’t git a fit of that closetphobee. I never did like these little bitty closed in places. How’em I gonna’ get out on this thang?”
“Don’t worry Clem, we only had five minutes to get IN Pegasus, but I have a button right here,” Captain Scarburg said pointing, “I can use it to open the hatch at any time to get OUT.”
“Thanks,” Clem said not too enthusiastically.
“What are you doing Clem? What are you and Mike Watkins up to?”
“Nothing, I’m jest goin’ to fix this here flyin’ machine of you’rn John. It ain’t nothin’ but a big ole shinny John Deere tractor without wheels, and it ain’t painted green, as fer as I can make out. Well, it is a little diff’rent – it flies... but if’en I had the parts I believe I could git my ole green tractor into the air. It ain’t bragging if’en you can do it.”
Down on the floor Clem went, screwdriver in hand. He worked feverishly at the circuit breaker panel. Next he opened up a larger panel on the rear wall. This panel was large enough to allow Clem to crawl inside. The Captain looked on in amazement. “Hand me that thar Cresant ranch John.” 
Pegasus will never be worth a red cent after Clem gets through with it! The Captain thought. What am I saying - of course it won’t be worth anything - no one will ever be able to find it! And besides who ever heard of working on delicate, highly sophisticated, electronic, computer equipment with a screwdriver and an adjustable wrench?
“Pass me that thar big hammer John.”
“Are you kidding me...!!” the Captain said, reluctantly handing Clem the hammer. 
“Okay John, watch that gauge that has to put you down in the right place and call me out the numbers. They’re fixin’ to start changin’... you ready?”
“Yeah Clem, ready,” he replied unenthusiastically.  
“Alright, here goes... what happened John?”
The Captain half-heartedly turned around to look at the GPS gauges not expecting anything to happen... He was right, nothing changed, “Sorry Clem the number did not change!”
“Try’er now John... what do the number say now?”
 Excitedly the Captain answered, “What... this cannot be!! Clem the 96 in ‘DESTINATION’ changed to 97.”
“Galldurn wiggled the wrong bunch of shiny thangs... what about now?”
‘John’ had his eyes glued on the dials now, “the 77 in ‘RETURN’ dropped to 76...” he relayed to Clem.
“Galldurn it, got to move over another passel of pluggey thangs... hold on I got to move a wire... okay, what about now...?”
“That’s it Clem! That’s it... the 47 dropped to 46... keep her up Clem...”, the Captain hollered. He began yelling the numbers as they descended: 45, 44, 43, 42, 41, 40, 39, 38, 37... Whoa... Stop... Clem you got it right on the money.” The ‘RETURN” dial now read 38 degrees 57 minutes 0 seconds North, 77 degree 37 minute 35 seconds West, exactly as it should have been from the start. But the date was locked in to November 20, 1312. Clem needed to change the date to November 19, 2012. “Clem the date is still 20 can you change it to 19?” 
“Sorry John, I can’t find the thang-ah-ma-jig that controls that there date thang. “But,” yelled Clem from inside the console, “look on the bright side, yer gonna get wharever yer goin’ a day later, but you won’t be wet! Whoa! John! I thank I found the son-of- a-gun that runs that return day thanggy. John,” Clem hollered.
“Yeah? That’s great Clem.”
“John, this here wire that runs to the date thang ain’t hooked up right. It’s jest dangling here. It shore looks like somebody did this a purpose. I don’t believe this here wire could’ve fell off by itself. Somebody done pulled this thang off! Hold the fort, let me put this here wire back on. Now then, that’s got ‘er. What happened John?”
“Well I’ll be! Clem, the ‘one’ in 1312 changed to a ‘two’ and the ‘three’ changed to a ‘zero’!! Now we have 2012. This thing was programmed to return me back to the year 1312. I would have splashed down in the Potomac nearly 183 years before Columbus discovered America!”
“Dadburn John, I believe somebody don’t want you to git back home! What you thank? Hold on John, I’m gone to change this here yellow wire with the blue wire... now what?”
“Great Clem, the ‘one’ changed back to a ‘two’ and the ‘three’ is back to ‘zero’. She’s right now, except for the day.”
“All righty, now that I know what this here blue wire does this here red wire must change the day...” After a second or two he asked, “What’d it do John?”
“By-ned Clem... you did it, the day is now ‘20’. Just one more click and the day will be the 19th.”
“Sorry John, that there war that would’ve done that is missin’. Somebody done stole that thang. I can’t change it to ‘9’, is this bad?”
“That’s okay, Clem I’ll just be a day later, that is no problem. I will get home on the 20th instead of the 19th that will be fine, don’t worry Clem, you’re doing great!”
“Thanks, now fer that darn little blinkie red light. If’en I don’t get that bugger switched off me and you‘er goin’ to be nabors fer a long spell... what’s that light doin now?”
“Still blinking,” answered Captain Scarburg.
“Hand me them big pair of Vice-Grip plyers...
“Vice-Grip pliers? I’m not even going to ask. Here,” the Captain said handing the pliers to Clem.
“What about now?”
“Nope, still blinking.”
“Dadburn, why didn’t I see that in the first place... okay... check’er out now... how we doin’?” Asked Clem.
“Well I’ll be... the light is out Clem... it’s dark as a dungeon. Come on out of that hole and let me shake your hand.”
Clem’s head appeared first, still wearing that old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat he had on that first day he and Captain Scarburg met. It had only been two days earlier, but it seemed like a million years.
Clem was grinning from ear to ear, “Told you I was a handy man, John... guess you’ll believe me now, huh? Oh, I squeezed two of them pluggy thangs together to stop that blinkie red light, I can’t be sure, but I thank you may be okay.”
Picking up one of Clem’s saying, “Your galldurn right I believe you Clem. You’re a genius... by-ned, a genius, and I’m confident you fixed that red light.”

GOOD BYE MY FRIEND

“Well,” said Clem, “I guess it’s time to be agoin’. John it has, what can I say, been an experience meetin’ you and...”
“Hold on a second... I cannot in good faith let you go without telling you something. It’s about me. You see Clem, I’m not whom you think I am. My name is not John Doees... My real name is Robert Edward Scarburg, Jr. They call me Captain because of my rank when I was in the Army. I’m known as Captain Robert Scarburg.”
“Why? Why didn’t you just give me yer real name when we first met John?”
“I didn’t want to put you in a bad position to lie if things had gone wrong in all our little adventures in Dallas, if questioned, you could have truthfully told them my name was John Doees. I was just trying to protect you and Penelope - please forgive me for my feeble attempt at deception, will you?”
“Shore John... uh... uh, Captain... I ain’t blamin’ you. You jest had a hard job to do and you dun done it. But I take exception with them words ‘little adventures.’ There sure warnt nothing little about them.”
“No Clem, WE did it. And the name John’s fine.... here’s something I want you to have.” Unsnapping the clasp on the Rolex band from his arm he handed the watch to Clem. “I want you to have this - it was given to me by some of my closest friends in Vietnam. I consider you one of my very special friends now. Someday you can get the crystal replaced, or you can sell the watch. You already know it is eighteen karat gold. It’s inscribed to me on the back, so now you will always know my name, and speaking of watches I really appreciate Penelope allowing me to use hers, please give her watch back and give her my thanks.” 
“What does this writtin’ say on the back... uh...Captain?”
“It’s inscribed “To Capt Robert Edward Scarburg, Jr. 5th SF (ABN), RVN, 1968.” 
“Well Captain you still didn’t tell me what it sez!”
“Okay, it reads, “To Captain Robert Edward Scarburg, Junior, 5th Special Forces, Airborne, Republic of Vietnam, 1968”, is that better?”
“Thanks John, I mean Captain, yeah that’s much better.”
“By the way, here is something else I want you and Penelope to have. You two will be the only humans possessing objects like these for the next forty-nine years. Until then they could be worth a million dollars, who knows, they are the only two in existence in 1963, but in 2012, there will be millions of them, and then they will only be worth a quarter, a mere twenty-five cents.” As he spoke, the Captain handed Clem two brand new ‘George Washington’ quarters. The date stamped on the front of one quarter was ‘2004’ and on the reverse was a map of Texas. It was a Texas State Quarter released in June 2004, the other was a regular ‘George Washington’ quarter issued in 2012. The Captain continued, “Quarters like these will not be produced and released until the year 2004 and 2012. With the two quarters and the watch I wish you could remember me each time you look at them, but of course I know you will not be able to.” 
“Shore John me and Penelope will always ‘member you.”
“I wish that were true Clem I’ll explain in a minute. I almost forgot, here Clem take this ten-dollar bill that Linda thought was counterfeit back in Uncle Jack’s bar. It’s real Clem, it’s not counterfeit, but you will have to wait to 2012 to spend it also.”
“Ah, Shucks John... thanks - dadburn I wont never be sellin’ your watch and other stuff. I’ll treasure these thangs forever, well until 2012, if’en I live that long. I’m goin’ take’em home, and Penelope is goin’ put’em in that wooden box on the farplace mantle. That’s whur she keeps her ‘valuables’ so she can ‘member whur they’re at.”
Standing for a second or so Captain Scarburg was hesitant to speak. He did not want to explain the last bit of information he had for Clem. “Speaking of remembering Clem, there is something else I have to tell you. After you leave I will be waiting here, invisible, until exactly 12:31 p.m. tomorrow afternoon when I will, hopefully, return home to the year 2012. The thing is Clem... exactly six hours later at 6:31 p.m. the memories of each and every person whom I have come into contact with will have their memories erased. At 6:32 tomorrow, you will never know I was here Clem. I am truly sorry, but those people in the stars... the ones that I told you about... decided it would be this way. You and Penelope will never remember me - but rest assured Clem I will never forget you and Penelope... my dear friends.” 
Captain Scarburg’s eyes were beginning to tear up. Turning so Clem would not see, he wiped them with the sleeve of his flight suit. Turning back he said, “Good bye my good friend, maybe we’ll meet again someday, who knows what the future will bring.
“Mighty thanks to you John. You know I ain’t got nothin’ worth somethin’ to give you but...,” taking off his cowboy hat he handed it to the Captain, “my old hat is about all I treasure in this life... well ‘cept Penelope... it belonged to my Pap... the hats you’rn John...”
“Put your hat back on one last time Clem, I need a picture to remember you by.” With a fast click, the Iphone had recorded another instant in the year 1963. Captain Scarburg, taking the old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat said, “this is a present better than a gold monkey, I will treasure it always, good bye Clem. Oh, I almost forgot, do you still have that pink napkin I gave you in your Uncle Jack Ruby’s place. The one with the gangster names on it?”
Handing the napkin to Captain Scarburg, they shook hands, and the Captain pressed the button opening the outer hatch. Clem crawled out of Pegasus; turned the key on the old mufferless, Ford F-600, bucket of bolts, and with a loud roar drove off into the cold Texas night. Before the hatch closed and re-sealed Captain Scarburg reached into a small, drawstring, black velvet bag and removed a six inch bronze circular plaque, hurrying to the hatch he tossed the object out into the dew-covered grass of the pasture. Had anyone been present to see, he would have observed glistening in the slight moonlight a beautiful engraved plaque divided into four equal sections. In one, a face of a man; the second a lion, the third a bull and the final section contained an eagle. 
Staring at the round disk lying in the grass the Captain could not help but reminisce about the time he heard Spook’s wife Tinker tell of her abduction by Anhur and his fellow Sunev aliens. Fortunately for Tinker, Anhur turned out to be a kind and understanding friend to Tinker. He alone, kept her from harm when his fellow aliens accidentally killed the other Pac Toul prisoners. The aliens, along with their prisoners, were trying to flee the Captain, his father Big S and Spook as the three stormed the stronghold at Pac Toul. Tinker described in detail the ‘flying saucer’ the aliens used for transportation, which included the Sunev symbol, embossed on the front of the craft – the circle with the face of a man; the lion; a bull and the eagle. 
Much later the Captain would discover the aliens had been coming to Earth for thousands of years, in fact, the prophet Ezekiel in the Bible witnessed them. He described them in detail. The Book of Ezekiel Chapter One, Verse Ten, states: ‘Each had a human face in front, a face of a lion on the right side, a face of an ox on the left side, and the face of an eagle at the back.’ 
Funny, the Captain though, this will all happen four years in the future... 1967!! (Papa Scarburg, the Captain and Spook rescued Tinker from the aliens in Cambodia in 1967.)
Shaking his head in disbelief he stood at attention and executed a snappy military salute to the sentimental object. Watching the hatch close and seeing the trucks taillights fading into the distance, he said out loud, “Thank you my friend.”
Clem watched in his rear-view mirror as Pegasus disappeared. For a second he questioned his sanity, was this all real? Did he dream the Captain, Pegasus, the assassination? Contemplating these surreal events he was jolted back to reality when he noticed hanging from his wench pulley on the back of his wrecker:  a white, dung smeared towel with the letters S.C.A.R. embossed in the very center. Yes, it was real all right.
Eight hours to lift-off. ‘Think I’ve got enough time to catch me a few zzzs. It’s been a really long day,’ thought the Captain.
The time was 4:30 a.m. November 23, 1963.

Chapter Twenty
RETURN TO THE PRESENT

Mike Watkins, working at his lab table was startled by the sudden sound of rushing air. It reminded him of a flock of birds passing overhead. Turning he could see something similar to a wispy mist of vapor forming in the center of the room where Pegasus had been sitting. Placing the instrument he was holding onto the nearby table he ventured out of his laboratory room into the wide expanse of the Exit-Entrance Portal room.  
One step, then another, the closer he walked towards the center of the room the more the vapor began to take shape. Well I’ll be a monkey’s uncle, he thought, the Captain’s made it back. “Yes sir! Yes sir?” he said out loud, “That’s got to be him!” The employees in the surrounding offices heard the commotion and began to assemble around the interior stainless walls. They all wanted to see the fruits of their accomplishment too. 
Whoosh! It felt as if all the air from within the interior was being sucked into the vapor in the middle of the room. It was as if a miniature tornado were trying to form inside the building. Louder and louder the noise of the wind grew. Mr. Watkins, who at first was delighted to see the Captain returning, was now beginning to become alarmed. Maybe this wasn’t Captain Scarburg! This might be a tear in the fabric of time - in theory everything, and he meant everything in the entire universe, could be sucked into the hole if a tear had occurred. What can I do, he thought? Nothing... nothing could be done if a tear existed, it was too late; however, as his last nerve was being tattered the winds began to subside. The blowing, whistling, wind like noise began to subside, and the metallic form of Pegasus began to take shape. Its silver outline became clearer and clearer. The fabric of time was not tearing it was just Captain Scarburg announcing his return home. Mike looked up on the wall to check the clock.
The time was: 2:30:02 p.m. November 20, 2012.
Twenty-four hour plus a few seconds had since the Captain had left earlier, but in the short period of time the whole universe had changed. Pegasus left Washington in one Parallel Universe, arrived in Texas in another, allowed the President to get killed, which changed the Universe again and returned back to Washington. As Anhur had said: revisiting our past could reap changes that can affect the future as well as the past.
The sound of escaping air was the same sound Captain Scarburg and Clem had heard as they stood in the midnight darkness, miles from anywhere, in a deserted cow pasture forty miles north of Dallas, Texas. Mike Watkins could hear that very same sound; however, mixed in with the noise he heard the soft, melodious sound of Amazing Grace playing on the bagpipes. Slowly the hissing of air and the sound of music stopped; the hatch on the side slowly opened and the first thing Mr. Watkins saw was a head topped with an old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat. It was sitting atop Captain Scarburg’s head as he sheepishly peeped outside.
“Welcome home Captain... hope you had a pleasant trip,” Mike said grinning from the bottom of the entrance stairs hoping his heart would return to its normal beat.
“How long have I been gone Mike?”
“Hmmm... I’d say a day plus a couple of seconds, maybe, at best.”
“Yes, welcome home Captain Scarburg. Hope you had a pleasant trip.”
“That is amazing, ‘a day plus a couple of seconds’ huh? Just simply amazing,” said the Captain. “Just amazing!” 
“Amazing!! I can think of other words that would be more appropriate,” said Mr. Rousseau.
Turning to Mr. Ryan Rousseau, Chief of Experimental Design and also the Flight Director, the Captain asked, “What were you expecting Ryan? Anything less than returning would have been failure, don’t you think?”
Captain Scarburg, stepped into the changing room, removed the red flight suit, red flannel shirt and the blue denim overalls. He now observed, what he believed, were the most beautiful blue and red colors he had ever seen. He grinned; he couldn’t help but think about Clem and the ‘overHALLS’. He removed the shirt and overalls, and placed them into a large bag to carry upstairs. He put on his dark blue three-piece suit, swung the black shoulder bag over his shoulder, and started toward the elevator.
Passing the security guard he stopped briefly to inform him that what he had seen and heard in the past few minutes were to be considered “Top Secret.” After this conversation, the Captain strolled down the hall to the elevator. He was deliberately walking slowly trying to allow himself time to figure out what he was to say to the ones he had left upstairs in the conference room, besides the stench of cow manure needed a few minutes to dissipate too.
And most of all would Bud be there? He wanted that more than anything.

BACK TO THE MEETING

The elevator door opened - Captain Scarburg stood there for a moment hesitant to make that first step, then he stepped into its interior. Five floors up the door automatically opened. Again he was hesitant - his destination was just across the hall.
Into the conference room, Captain Scarburg walked. Old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat and all. His boots made the same leathery sound on the tiles as they had when he left to go downstairs. Glancing toward the massive mahogany conference table, his heart sank!
The chair next to Lou was still empty - Bud had not returned.
‘Why? What was the purpose of my travel into the past and my attempt to change history if it failed to do the one thing I wanted: to bring my grandson back, safe, sound and alive, he thought. 
“Grandpa,” said Gabby, “did you bring your information back upstairs?” There was no response. He just stood there, blankly staring at the empty chair. “Grandpa! Did you get the information you went after? I noticed you brought back a new fashion item. Is that decrepit item you’re wearing a hat?”
Lou ventured an answer, “I believe it is Gabby, but I think it needs an oil change.”
Gabby, laughing answered, “I think a flush would be better!! Grandpa that hat smells awful!”
Deep in thought Grandpa answered, “Yes... yes I did - I surely did,” he said.
Lou and Gabby looked at each other with a puzzled look, obviously their Grandpa had more on his mind than the old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat.
Stopping at the head of the table he just gazed intently again at the empty seat. Why? Why? He thought to himself. He did not even hear Lou or Gabby’s remarks - it was as if he were in a vacuum. He was so absorbed by the fact that his death defying time-travel effort did not influence the future. Obviously the Western Asia War did, in fact, happen after all. His mission had been a total failure!! Well obviously to the extent he did not change history enough to allow grandson Bud to live.
“Grandpa? Grandpa? Did you hear me,” said Gabby. “Grandpa, are you all right?”
“What...? What did you say, oh... oh yeah? Yeah, I’m fine just thinking. Thanks Gabby, I just went for some data, and I have all the information now,” he said. “Lou, Sam Lin and Si Lei would you please come forward and check the seal you put on my bag.” Each in turn, checked the seal. “Okay, tell the group, out loud, that the seal is intact and has not been tampered with or replaced.” All three confirmed the seal had not been touched since they secured it. As they were returning to their seats, Grandpa broke the seal and opened his bag. He removed a number of large, thick brown envelopes and walked around the table giving one to each person. “Don’t open this envelope until I instruct you to do so, okay. You all remember what we were talking about before I left?”
“Durn right! I do,” spoke Gabby. “I said I was NOT going to get into that darn Pegasus thing, and I also said, ‘Grandpa, are you crazy? We don’t even know if the contraption works!”
“Right you are Gabby, good memory.”
“What do you mean my memory’s good Grandpa? It has only been a few minutes. You’re trying to tell me something aren’t you? What is it?”
“Okay Gabby, you’re right. First can anyone tell me whom our current President is?”
Always the comic, Gabby, holding up her hand said, “Me, me, teacher, call on me.”
“Okay Gabby, who is it?”
“Grandpa, this is a hard one, but I’m going to say Barack Obama.”
“Very good my girl, you get an ‘A’, here’s a harder one - who knows the date President John Kennedy was assassinated?”
Each around the table looked at each other questioning what was Grandpa up to.
“Forrest how about the date,” Grandpa asked.
“Sure Grandpa, everyone knows it was November 22, 1963.”
“A brief few minutes ago we were all sitting here talking about taking a ride on Pegasus and one of you, I won’t call her name, but her initials are Gabriella Scarburg Friedman, said the ‘darn thing won’t work’, am I correct?”
“Yes you are Grandpa, but I still say it probably won’t work - I betcha I’m right on this one.”
“Sorry grand-daughter, but you are wrong - so... so... wrong, you...”
Grandpa did not get to the end of his sentence when the rear door to the hallway swung wide open and in stepped a shadowy apparition. The figure entering just stood as if frozen, in the doorway silhouetted by the light in the corridor behind. It was too dark for Grandpa to make out the face. Who in the blazes is interrupting my meeting? he thought. Before he could say a word the shadowy vision spoke...
“Hey folks, starting this shindig without me? What’d I miss? Hey Grandpa hit the lights, so I can find my seat.”
If Grandpa’s heart were weak, it would have become apparent at that very moment - the person speaking was... his... his... HIS GRANDSON - it was Bud. Bud was alive!
The time wa... wa... was... the time was... well the time was just perfect.... 

Chapter Twenty-One
THE MISSION

Captain Scarburg literally ran across the room, threw his arms around Bud and squeezed him so hard they heard Bud grunt, “Easy Grandpa! Easy! What’s come over you? I just went down the hall to the restroom while you went downstairs.” 
“Just glad to see you Bud, just so glad to see you, please if you don’t mind, take that empty seat next to Olive Marie.”
“Well, thanks Grandpa, I don’t mind if I do since that’s where I was sitting a few minutes ago anyway.”
No, this isn’t the end of the story, but it isn’t the beginning of the end either. This meeting in the center of the room with the Captain and Bud is just the end of the beginning.  
Forrest sat at the table watching the heartfelt exchange; he could not understand why Captain Scarburg was so excited at seeing Bud.
“Okay, now you are all here we can finally begin.”
“I thought we had already started, Grandpa,” Gabby exclaimed.
“All right Gabby - how about a meaningful synopsis of our meeting so far to refresh all our minds.”
“Okay Grandpa -we came into the room a little while ago. You were standing at your board. We sat down at this table. Then you started talking about the forty-ninth anniversary of the attempted assassination of President Kennedy. Wait why did I say ‘attempted’ I meant the assassination of the President.”
“You are doing good Gabby - where was everyone seated at the table?
“Why Grandpa! We are still seated right where we sat down a while ago. What are you getting at?”
“Go on Gabby. What else?” 
“Well Grandpa, I know you talked about the Zapruder film that was taken the day Kennedy was killed. You explained how, you, Spook, and Tinker watched it in living color complete with sound. You all counted four shots while watching the actual shooting in Dallas, Texas instead of the three that had been officially determined.”
“Good Gabby, you are on a roll - go on.”
“Okay, then you mentioned Pegasus and you thought the SCAR facilities should explore the Kennedy shooting by going back to 1963. And you wanted us to go back to the Kennedy assassination on Pegasus. I certainly remember what I said then, ‘Grandpa! Are you crazy? We don’t even know if that contraption works!’ 
“Next you asked about the information written on the board. You wanted to see if we agreed with the things you had written. After some discussion, you asked us to put our initials beside the facts with which we agreed, and we agreed with you on all your facts.”
“You then took a picture of the board and a picture of all of us sitting around the table, and as you left the room to go downstairs to the lab you took another picture. As you left you also reminded us not to mess with your whiteboard. You said big brother was watching.”
“You’re doing great Gabby – good, concise synopsis of the meeting up to now. Why did I leave the room?”
“You said you had forgotten some information and had to go downstairs to the lab to get it.”
“And Gabby, how long was I gone?”
“Oh, I dunno, maybe five minutes or so.”
“Pretty decent grand-daughter, now let me start trying to explain what I believe you have been wondering, ‘What the heck was I up to!’
“Okay, let me start at Gabby’s last statement, she said, ‘I had to go downstairs to get some information.’ Well I got it! Did I ever get it! I’ll cover that in a minute.
“Right now I want to dwell on Gabby’s outburst, ‘Grandpa! Are you crazy? We don’t even know if that contraption works!’ Anyone remember what I was talking about?”
For once it wasn’t Gabby venturing the answer, it was Sam Lin. “Captain you had been talking about tomorrow, November the 22nd being the forty-ninth anniversary of the President Kennedy assassination. You explained in detail our involvement with the Zapruder film and the implication the four instead of three shots implied. We knew at the time when SCAR was started someday we would have to investigate the Kennedy assassination.”
Si Lei added his comments, “After the return from Thailand we knew to follow the leads in the Kennedy investigation would require the entire resources of the SCAR facilities. And dealing with covert government agencies and possibly organized crime would exhaust a vast amount of time, and it could be dangerous.”
Yes,” Lou added, “you said SCAR had developed Pegasus to travel back in time. Forrest asked if you wanted to send someone back to the Kennedy assassination. Pegasus was designed to travel from one Parallel Universe to another Parallel Universe, but Forrest thought this could be extremely dangerous to the person picked to be the first guinea pig. He questioned if we were even close to being ready to attempt human transport. Forrest also asked if it were your intention to send someone back to do some research on the John Kennedy assassination.”
“And I’m going to say it again until you understand Grandpa ‘Are you crazy?’ Said Gabby. “Forrest is right – as I have already said - we don’t know if this gadget will ever succeed. An actual human trying to travel in that machine - it’ll be suicide.” 
Forrest added, “Gabby is right, we need to start with insects, move up to a rat, then, maybe, a rabbit. Later we can work with a larger mammal such as a dog or monkey. Then and only then can we even consider a human - we are years away from human testing! Remember we have never gotten one of our ‘time-traveling’ machines to return.”

Chapter Twenty-Two
THE CONFESSION AND VOTE

“I don’t believe you are quite correct Forrest - we may not be as far away from success as you might think.”
“What’s that supposed to mean Grandpa?”
“I’ll tell you in a minute. Okay, I guess I have toyed with you all long enough. In front of each of you is the brown envelope taken from my previously sealed bag. I told you not to look inside the envelope - does everyone agree the contents are still secret?” All nodded yes. “Great... all right, each of you remove the material from your envelope.”
Inside the large brown shipping envelope, they found a manila folder. The outside of this folder had the title:
 
MISSION: JFK ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT

Removing the contents and placing them on the table, they found a front page of the local newspaper; a copy of a death certificate; a copy of a U.S. Army Certificate for the Award of the Purple Heart including a picture of the front and back of the gold heart shaped medal with a relief of George Washington on front; a picture of a President elected in 2008 captioned, ‘President William Dixon’; a newspaper picture subtitled, ‘Lee Harvey Oswald Applying for Parole’ and the last item was a book entitled the ‘Warren Commission’s Report on the Attempted Assassination of President John F. Kennedy, November 22, 1963’. The Report was dated September 24, 1964.”
“What is the meaning of this Captain? This death certificate has Bud’s name on it - Buddy Edward Scarburg. What is this Captain? I don’t find this at all amusing.” Spoke Krista angrily.
“Krista,” said Captain Scarburg sternly, “it is not supposed to be amusing. Just bare with me and I will explain.”
Before Krista could respond, Bud shouted, “Grandpa, this Purple Heart in the picture has my name engraved on its back. I’ve never even been in the military!”
Gabby announced, “Look at this photograph, it’s caption reads, ‘President William Dixon’, who in the heck is President William Dixon?” 
Lou holding up the blue bound copy of the Warren Commission’s Report said, “Grandpa this book says ‘...the Attempted Assassination of President John F. Kennedy.... why is it titled ‘Attempted...’?
Sam Lin was the last to join in, “Captain, what’s this about Oswald trying to get paroled. This newspaper article is only dated a couple of months ago. We all know Jack Ruby murdered Lee Harvey Oswald in the basement of the Dallas Police department on Sunday, November 24, 1963. Oswald has been dead forty-nine years! What gives?”
Gabby stood up, shoved all her material from the envelope toward the center of the table and turned to Captain Scarburg, “Grandpa why did you make up all this false information about the John Kennedy assassination? What was the purpose? What did you want to prove with these fake documents? Oh yeah, now I think I get it! You’re trying to get us to do something! You want us to travel on that blamed Lightening Rod thing, right?”
“Pegasus Gabby, ‘Pegasus’... not ‘Lightening Rod’, please be seated, and I will try to explain. All the items you have lying in front of you have not been faked! At the time I placed the pieces inside the envelopes the various things and the data they contain were indeed real! I did not fabricate anything. If you will remember, those envelopes were in my shoulder bag when I left to go downstairs to the lab. I brought the bag back with me in the same condition, as it was when I left. You saw me break the seal when I returned; however, Gabby is correct, I suppose I AM trying to convince you to do something.”
“Grandpa, please... make some sense,” said Lou.
“Do all of you remember my actions the last few moments before I went downstairs? Remember I took a few pictures?”
“Yeah,” Lou said, “The first one was of the board with your JFK notes and our initials beside the statements we all agreed on; another was just a picture of all of us sitting at this table, and as you were leaving the room you stopped and snapped another photo of the entire room.”
“Well the word “all of us sitting at this table” is incorrect Lou. Krista, please insert a cable to my Iphone then plug it into the projector controls. I will get the lights. Do you all agree I only snapped three photographs? Okay, that is good... everyone agrees. Krista please, hand me the remote control, and I will project the pictures myself.”
Walking to the light switch Captain Scarburg dimmed the lights and Krista inserted the USB cable into the laptop computer controlling the plasma screen. The large, wall size screen in front of the room began to lighten – an image was beginning to form. In a second or two the image filled the screen for all to see. The screen displayed the picture of the Captain’s board sitting on the easel in front of the conference table. The image on the large screen and the writing on the small whiteboard looked, at first glance, to be the same. What was the Captain trying to prove? 
‘Wait, something IS wrong with the picture’, Forrest thought. What is it? Look closer. Now he saw it. 
“Are you all having difficulty seeing the problem? Okay, let’s try this. Look at the screen then look at the whiteboard on the easel. Look at the easel then look back at the screen. I think then you can see the forest in spite of the trees. The whiteboard being projected onto the screen is the same board you all initialed as having statements that you agreed were correct, the same board that was here on the easel when I walked out a few minutes ago. 
“Grandpa”! Forrest yelled... literally yelled. “Grandpa, the list on the easel! It’s not the same as the photo. And look at the photo on the big screen, our initials are right there beside the statements we supposedly agreed on.” 
“You are correct Forrest, do all of you see it. Lou arose from his chair and walked to the wall to get a better view. Sam Lin also got up and walked closer. In a moment, they were all huddled in front of the screen.
“Okay, a few minutes ago, as you said, you read and initialed the chart on the screen, you can see your initials after each item. You all initialed all ten items on my whiteboard.”
Not believing their eyes on what they had initialed, each read the ten items slowly anyway:

1.   Attempted Assassin - was Lee Harvey Oswald. (Initials)
2.  Oswald fired shots from Texas School Book Depository at 12:30 P.M. (Initials)
3.   Official records - 3 shots fired. (Initials)
4.  President wounded by an assassin at Dealy Plaza, Dallas, Texas. (Initials)
5.  President Kennedy received severe bullet wounds to head and back. (Initials)
6.   Secret Service Agent Hill wounded. (Initials)
7.  Jack Ruby arrested as he entered Dallas police basement. (Initials)

8.  Severely injured but after months of recuperation JFK survives. (Initials)
9.   Brother Robert Kennedy was JFK’s vice president in 1964. (Initials)
10. John Kennedy re-elected to 2nd term in 1964. (Initials)

“Okay, at the time you read, agreed with and initialed numbers one through ten. Look you can see your initials after each statement. Now look at the same whiteboard on the easel.
Grandpa walked from the end of the conference table over to the whiteboard and flipped the cover sheet over to reveal the notes he had written earlier; however, now the notes were entirely different from before:

1.Assassin - Lee Harvey Oswald.
2.12:30 P.M. shots fired from Texas School Book Depository.
3.Official records - 3 shots.
4.President assassinated by a lone assassin.
5.President Kennedy received a mortal wound to his head and back.
6.Secret Service Agent Hill was not wounded.
7.Jack Ruby killed Oswald in Dallas police basement.
8.President Kennedy died at Parkland Hospital November 22, 1963.
9.Vice president Lyndon Johnson, was sworn in as President on the same date.
         10.  President Lyndon Johnson re-elected in 1964.
         11.  Hubert Humphrey elected vice president in 1964.
“All right, is there anyone that does not agree with the facts I have placed on the board? If so, speak up now.” Everyone was nodding his or her head in the affirmative. 
“Let me just summarize - at the time I wrote these items, and you all say this was just a few minutes ago, right...? Right! Okay, Lee Harvey Oswald fired three shots from the Texas School Book Depository building in an attempt to assassinate President Kennedy; he wounded President Kennedy and Secret Agent Hill. Jack Ruby was arrested trying to get into the basement of the Dallas City Jail. John Kennedy was re-elected in 1964 and had his brother Bobby Kennedy as his vice president. These are the items you all agreed on, right? Must be... there are your initials after each statement.” 
“I do not know about the others here at the table, but those items on the big screen are not the ones I agreed on, I didn’t okay them Grandpa. Those are not true facts. Why would I initial something I understand to be historically inaccurate?” Stammering Gabby continued, “The statements listed on the small whiteboard sitting on the easel are correct. I don’t understand why my initials are on the incorrect items on the screen.” Bewildered see added, “My initials should be on the whiteboard sitting right there on your easel. Somehow Grandpa you faked the whiteboard photograph that is being projected on the screen,” exclaimed Gabby.
All those sitting around the table nodded their heads in agreement with Gabby’s statement. “That’s right!”, someone at the table commented, “Somehow, Grandpa, you faked that picture.”
“The picture has not been touched - it is not a fake. Neither is the whiteboard here on the easel. I’ll now show my second picture.”
The scene of the whiteboard on the screen suddenly changed to a group picture of everyone sitting at the conference table.
Forrest was the first to speak, “It’s just us Grandpa. I don’t see anything unusual about the picture. What are we supposed to be looking for?”
“Look closer Forrest.”
He strained trying to see something out of the ordinary when it hit him. “Ooooh... mmmmy... ggggoodness,” he could barely get the words out of his mouth.
“What? What? Gabby cried out. “What do you see Forrest?”
“Gabby, it’s not what I see, it’s what I don’t see!!”
“Doggone it Forrest, you’re as bad as Grandpa. What do you NOT see?”
“Bud! I don’t see Bud! Bud you are not in the picture.”
Olive Marie replied, “Yes he is... he’s got to be... he was sitting next me the whole time! Right here on my right. He... ”
“You’re correct Lou, I’ve been here all the time except my trip to the restroom.”
As they all viewed the scene at the table, Bud was nowhere to be seen. All they could see was an empty seat between Lou and Olive Marie. “How did you do that trick Grandpa? That’s a good one.”
“Is this the photo I snapped right before leaving the room?”
“No!! It can’t be, Grandpa, Bud is not in the picture. That was taken at a different meeting, and you switched photos... somehow.”
“What time did I leave? Does anyone recall?”
“Yes, I do Captain,” said Spook. “You took the last photo and left the room a few minutes past two o’clock.”
“That is about right Spook. What was the date?”
“Captain? Are you serious? The date? Okay, the date was today, Tuesday the 20th of November 2012.”
“Does everyone agree?” All heads were again nodding in agreement. “Okay, I’m going to enlarge the calendar clock in the photo. The one over in the corner of this room.” All eyes immediately shifted toward the corner and back at the photo on the screen, then they stared intently at the tiny clock image in the picture - Grandpa pointed the computer cursor, clicked, and the clock began to enlarge... bigger... bigger... 
“Forget everything I just said. Forget it... forget it... wash my mouth out with soap Grandpa... I’ll never doubt anything you ever say again. Just look...! Just look...!” Gasped Gabby.
She and the rest of the group stared intently at the photo of the clock. The whole room was shocked, as the clock began to get large enough to read the time and date. They were startled by its revelation.
The time on the clock read 2:05 and the date was... was... Monday the 19th of November 2012!!
“See it is no trick, Bud you are not in the picture, and the picture was taken yesterday!! Gabby, I thought you said I was only gone about five minutes! If you all will return to your seats, I am going to explain what you are seeing, or in this case - not seeing. I realize it is going to seem strange, but just remember one thing: I am not making this up, it actually happened.” 
“Grandpa, this is freaking me out. You are not making any sense.”
“As you sat here, in your minds, just a few minutes ago, we talked about the assassination of President Kennedy - sorry, but we talked about the attempted assassination of President Kennedy. Let me explain.
“Friday I had a surprise visit from our old friend Anhur. Yeah, you are right Bud I can see you, Forrest and Olive Marie grinning. He saved you from an airplane crash on your trip to Mexico City. He interfered in an event that would have caused the death of many people. Because of his interference in our future, people on our planet were allowed to live that should have died. That possibly could have included you three.
For his unselfish act, Anhur was sentenced to death back on his home planet of Sunev. His Supreme Council did not carry out the death sentence instead they gave him another chance to redeem himself and live. To do so, however, he had to undo another interference he had caused many years earlier. Forty-nine years to be exact. Anhur is a terrific Lilliputian, but he just cannot keep his fingers, all eight of them, out of Earth’s business.
“That brings us to the topic of our meeting today - when Anhur visited he told me a most unusual story. A story about Parallel Universes and how our ‘Time-machine’, ‘Timerider’, ‘Lightening Rod’, ‘Pegasus’ or whatever we wish to call it can bridge the gap between our current time dimension and another. We can actually travel from one Parallel Universe to another Parallel Universe. Even Einstein had his e equal mc square theory of relativity. He believed time wasn’t a straight line. His equations prove time travel is theoretically possible. Well until now his theory implied it was mathematically probable, but most scientists agree it was also impossible. I have now proven not only is it probable, but also it is, in fact, possible. 
“I have an admission to make: Gabby, you were wrong - that ‘dadgum’ machine really does work.”
Almost in unison, the group emitted a questionable, “What? How do you know?”
“When I left the room you thought I was gone for just a few minutes. I was gone more than a few minutes - I was gone nearly three days!”
“What! What are you trying to tell us? Grandpa you’re talking out of your head!” said Gabby.
“Gabby, at the beginning of this meeting, I outlined on my board the situation with the attempted shooting of President John F. Kennedy. Yes, I said ‘attempted’. You see, when you walked into this meeting yesterday morning, we were all living in an Alternate Universe. Anhur and his people called it Parallel Universe B or ParUn B. I get the idea you are saying, ‘Captain, have you lost it?’ Well let’s take a look at all those items lying on the table in front of you, and I will try, using them, further to explain this Parallel Universe paradox.
“You all witnessed Lou, Sam Lin and Si Lei as they had sealed my shoulder bag before I left to go downstairs, and they inspected and determined the seal had not been tampered with when I returned. On my return, I broke the seal and gave each of you an envelope containing some strange items. Let me make one statement: this bag was in my possession when I left you all, traversed the Parallel Universes with me, and I personally brought it back along with all the items inside. As I previously said these items are real also and have not been faked. They were representations of real events, items and people at the time I put them into the bag. Any of you, if you had so desired, could have assembled a package matching the ones lying before you, with no trouble at all. Two caveats – you would have had to assemble the items before I went down to the laboratory but today it would be impossible! I’ll explain.”
“Lou, Sam Lin and Si Lei sealed all of those items, from your brown envelopes, in my shoulder bag before I left this room. Isn’t this right? Yeah, I see you all agreeing. When I left this room we were all in a Parallel Universe we all knew and at the time was correct. I left that Universe of yesterday and returned to our Universe of today. They are not the same; although, you did not recognize the change. My duffle bag and I left one Universe and my bag and I came back in another Universe. I perceive this is hard to grasp, but remember I cut the seal in front of you all just to prove I had not altered anything in my bag.
“Now let’s take a closer look at the items from my bag - first is the Washington Herald newspaper. Check out the date - it is November 10, 2012 and then the headline: “PRESIDENT DIXON MEETS WITH HUSSEIN.” Who is President Dixon you have already asked? And you all know Saddam Hussein was executed December 30, 2006. Notice the article describing the forty-ninth anniversary party celebrating the survival of Presidential Kennedy in the assassination attempt on November 22, 1963. To commemorate that event, the Kennedys were planning a grandiose party at Hyannis Port, Massachusetts. 
“The other newspaper article dated August 15, 2012, attests to the fact the seventy-four year old Lee Harvey Oswald was trying to seek a parole from prison. How can this be true you say? We all have knowledge that Jack Ruby killed Oswald in the basement of the Dallas City Jail Sunday the 24th of November 1963, two days after Oswald killed JFK. How is he now alive and seeking a parole in 2012?
“The next item - the thick blue book - was the final output of a congressionally ordered commission that investigated the ‘attempted’ Presidential assassination. Notice it is dated September 24, 1964.
“I saved some of the best for last... in our alternative universe, which began when Presidential Kennedy was almost killed, a war slowly evolved in Southeast Asia. Yes, you are familiar with Vietnam, and understand that war officially ended August 15, 1973. The other war, in the Parallel Universe, had its beginning as the Vietnam War. The Russians gradually got more and more entangled in the fighting. The Chinese did not want to be left behind, so they got mixed up in it too. It quickly outspread the borders of Vietnam and eventually involved all of South East Asia.
“It became known as the Viruchi War, VIetnam - RUssia - CHIna.
“Finally the escalation ended with the Russians sending a Tomahawk type missile streaking over South Vietnam, launched from a submarine offshore in the South China Sea. This nuclear missile nuked Saigon on Independence Day July 4, 1982. A few minutes later our military reduced Moscow and roughly seven million Russian people to dust. The vast empty steppe on the Moskva River, once the capital of the old USSR, would be uninhabitable for the next thousand years thanks to America’s modern military firepower. Counting both the two atomic explosions millions upon millions of lives were killed, maimed or otherwise rendered useless. Millions more died of hunger, disease or radiation poisoning in the ten years following those final attempts with men trying to settle their arguments using big boy toys. All sides finally saw the futility of continuing this war, so on July 4, 1984, exactly two years to the day after Saigon and Moscow had been vaporized, a peace treaty was signed.
“Less than seven years later the U.S. was embroiled in yet another war, this time with Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Syria and a couple of other smaller nations. This was the Southwest Asian War. This war killed millions of people too. It lasted from 1991 until 2008. You, unfortunately, were one of the casualties Bud. You had been in the National Guard, and your unit was activated and deployed to the Middle East. Later, while your unit was fighting in Iraq, you fatally succumbed in one of Saddam Hussein’s poison gas attacks.
“Bud, the Purple Heart Award and the Death Certificate - both, from that Parallel Universe, sadly I have to say were truly yours. Bud you cannot believe how devastated we were when the Army Chaplin personally delivered the news of your death to Trey and Krista.”
Krista spoke up, “Captain, wait! I don’t remember any of this - I never saw an Army Chaplin. Bud killed! I definitely would have remembered something as devastating as that!”
“You’re correct Krissy - you have no memory or knowledge of this other Universe, just like you have no memory of hundreds or maybe thousands of other Universes you may be in at this very moment.”
“Captain,” said Krista, “this is all so confusing it sounds like science fiction.”
“When Anhur approached me yesterday, he allowed me to use an alien device, they call the Visiondome, to see what our world would be like if President Kennedy had not survived the assassination in Dealey Plaza, Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963. 
“In this Alternate Universe world that I was shown there was no Viruchi War, no Southwest Asian War. Without this war, Bud you did not have to die... this alone convinced me to try Pegasus myself for the fourth time. Even if I never returned, I had to try to change our future. I had to insure President John F. Kennedy WAS assassinated at 12:30 p.m. on November 22, 1963, AND I DID!!!
“I left this meeting with you all, carried my duffle bag and camera downstairs to the lab. At exactly 2:30:00 I dematerialized from the Universe of yesterday and materialized forty-nine years earlier to attempt to change our Universe onto a different Universal path.
Anhur had informed me the split in the Universe must occur at exactly 12:30 p.m. November 22, 1963 at Dealy Plaza, Dallas, Texas. The trigger was the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. I will tell you now it worked. I left from one Universe and returned one day later to an entirely new world – the world we are living in today.
Gabby the change in the Universes explains why the items in my bag seem so strange. Those items of yesterday represent a Universe where President Kennedy was only wounded, the Universe of today is a world in which he died, but remember, I kept my bag with me the entire time I was gone so the items in my duffle would not have changed. They would be the same today as they were yesterday. As I crossed between the two Universes, the duffle bag and its contents crossed with me.”
Gabby spoke again, “Grandpa, I hear the words coming out of your mouth, and I have never heard you tell us a deliberate lie, but Grandpa you sure are stretching the truth with all of this. I’m still not convinced you left us in that Lightening Bug thing from one world and then returned in the present world we now live in. This is all very, VERY confusing to me.”
“Bolt! Gabby, not ‘Bug’. Okay,” Grandpa said clicking his remote control. “Take a look at this picture on the screen. The one I took after walking across this room, but before I opened the door to go downstairs.”
Instantly the screen on the front wall was covered with a scene of the group sitting around the table staring at Captain Scarburg taking their picture. 
“Gabby, look at this picture - you all are sitting at the conference table – notice again the seat between Lou and Olive Marie is empty!! Don’t you see Gabby? Bud was not present when I left!!
Gabby said. “But no, wait a minute Grandpa! Bud got up and went to the restroom.”
“You’re right granddaughter, but AFTER I left. He should have been at the table WHEN I left.”
Gabby, shaking her head said, “Grandpa, I said a while ago I believed everything you said. I now want to put an asterisk beside that statement. I now believe I grasp what you are doing, you are trying to get us to go to Dallas, and I’m totally against it. I bought into the whiteboard changey thing, and I was blown away with the props concerning the Army’s award of the Purple Heart and Bud playing the missing man game and all that other stuff from the brown envelope. Even that last picture with Bud’s empty chair between Lou and Olive Marie was ingenious, still can’t figure out how you pulled it off, but it was real good. I’ll give you credit for that Grandpa.
“Now this talk of you going back to Texas, I just cannot buy all of that. You were only gone less than thirty minutes - yet you say three days?
Yeah, right!!
You’re trying to gently lay the suggestion on our subconscious minds how exciting a mission would be if we went to Dallas ourselves. I emphasis the word ‘would’ - you are just telling us a make-believe story and inserting yourself in as the main character, so we will imagine the thrill and excitement of such an adventure. Just like I said earlier, you’re trying to make us do something. You think we will beg to be thrown on that ‘time-traveling’ pie in the sky, pipe dream, hunk of junk. Oh, I’m sorry – your Pegasus flying machine thing-a-ma-jig. Tell me Grandpa that I’m wrong.”
“Gabby, I... I...”
“See, I told you, it is all a fictitious story, right?”
“Krista, load up the rest of my pictures and tell me when they are loaded.”
“Hold on Grandpa, I thought you only took three pictures.”
“Your correct Gabby – three pictures – up HERE in the conference room. Let me begin the slide show from the time I went downstairs.
“Grandpa, I have been sitting here listening to all you have said, and don’t get me wrong some of it makes sense, but a lot of it is foggy. I can’t grasp this Parallel Universe thing yet. Daddy, Bud, Lou, Sam Lin, Spook, Tinker and Lei Li you are all scientists, so this probably makes sense to you all. Mom, I guess you and Dad have been working around these crazy people long enough that it probably makes sense to you too. You admit I only have an Anthropology degree, so you understand this is not my forte. Grandpa just tell me in simple words, plain English, what do you want us to do?”
“Thought you would never ask - for the few minutes, to you, I was gone, I experienced almost three days of the most unimaginable adventure.” Pushing the button to the projector’s remote control, the Captain said, “This is the first picture after I left you guys as I was being ‘launched’ from our lab in Pegasus.” He then went into detail of his ‘launch’. “I snapped this one looking out the porthole in the laboratory,” he explained. He went on to tell how he had taken the next two shots of the cow pasture in Texas after his landing. He had to point out how Pegasus landed in a pasture about forty miles north of Dallas, outside the town of Celina. He went into detail describing the couple of problems he had, “to begin with,” he said,  “I landed, tilted at about a thirty-degree angle, on a tree stump, and, oh, did I fail to mention it was on the wrong day! I was supposed to arrive at 12:30 on Friday November 22, 1963; however, I plopped down in that pasture on Wednesday the 20th, two days early.” Captain Scarburg then explained what he saw in and around the cow pasture.
“Oh, almost forgot I took this one,” he said switching to picture number four on the screen. “This is a shot of the farmhouse where I got the red shirt and the blue overalls; the very clothes I was later arrested for stealing.” Pulling the shirt and overalls from the bag he held them up for all to see. 
“Pictures five, this one, and now picture six were taken going into Clem and Penelope’s home they call the ‘Ponderosa’. I snapped both of these from their driveway. Clem and Penelope were the nicest people. He was a handyman and part-time limo driver, and Penelope was an every-now-and-then waitress. Admirable folks, yes, admirable people I tell you.
“I had to have transportation to get from Celina, Texas to Dallas. As you can see in picture seven, we used Clem’s Nash station wagon. Here, we are getting ready to back it out of Clem’s shed. See this is a shot of the back of Clem’s grey car parked in the shed. 
“Clem and I drove into Dallas, Thursday morning on November 21, 1963 and went straight to Jack Ruby’s Carousel Club. Here is my picture number eight, a view of the outside steps of the Carousel Club before we went inside.
“The next pictures were taken inside Ruby’s club. Notice the guy with the brown fedora hat sitting with his back to the wall, that’s Jack Ruby. The other pictures are all Mafia bosses.” Captain Scarburg explained the subterfuge he had to use to get these snapshots. And he detailed how he was arrested for stealing the shirt and overalls, and carried to the Dallas City Jail just a couple of minutes after those pictures were taken.
For the next half hour, or so, the Captain painted a word picture of his stay in Dallas’s Finest – their city jail; he told the group how he left the message for J.D. Tippit on the cell wall; how concerned he was Clem was not going to arrive to get him out of jail in time to meet his 12:30 rendezvous on the Texas School Book Depository roof with the presidential assassin.
“Clem bailed me out of the Dallas City Jail just minutes before the 12:30 assassination. This next snapshot was taken as I looked north toward the School Book building. It was taken from the sidewalk as I walked out onto Houston Street from the jail. If you look at the picture closely, I believe you can faintly see someone already in the sixth floor sniper’s window. I’m going to give this photo to our lab and see if they might be able to enhance it enough to see who is there. It might be possible they could enlarge the image so we could identify that person. Look down to the far end of the roof and you can just barely get a glimpse of another assassin. He was my target.” He proceeded to detail the movement he and Clem made from his release from jail to his encounter with the man on the roof. 
“I was on the rooftop of the Texas School Book Depository the exact second President John F. Kennedy was shot. I was extremely fortunate to disrupt one of the snipers.
“This next photo is a snapshot of that very same sniper. I took it standing on the fire escape a second or two before I charged the assassin. I hit him just as he fired his rifle.
“As he and I were tumbling on the roof, I distinctly heard a shot coming from the vicinity of the sixth floor, one floor beneath me and back toward the east end of the building. My assassin jumped to his feet and fled down the fire escape. He only fired one un-aimed shot. As he was escaping, I hurried to the four-foot wall surrounding the top of the School Book building and gazed down on the macabre scene that was taking place below me. I’m ashamed to admit, I was totally enthralled. I was in a state of mind even I cannot describe: I was watching history unfolding in front of my very eyes. 
“I saw the President the moment the bullet struck him in the back, I saw Secret Service Agent Hill jump on the trunk. This photo I snapped from the roof, looking down on President Kennedy’s black limousine just as the second sniper shot was being fired.
“Here, is the most startling thing I saw. Maybe saw is not the right word, I heard a shot coming from the vicinity of the Grassy Knoll - it was not a rifle shot. It sounded more like a high-powered handgun. I tried to see the assassin, but I was running out of time and had to get off the roof before being caught. This picture I took of the grassy area, which is now referred to as the Grassy Knoll. I snapped it from the rooftop before running to escape. This photo was taken just a second or two after the shot was fired from the Grassy Knoll. I got a picture of the assassin running away from the wooded area.”
“Wait a minute,” Spook loudly interjected, “Can you enlarge that figure - that looks like a WOMAN!!”
Suddenly the room grew silent - you could have heard a pin drop as the Captain spoke, “Let me say, yes, this person I saw running away from that area was a WOMAN! And for some reason I think I have seen this woman before. 
“What? What are you saying Captain that one of the assassins was a WOMAN? And you have seen her before?”
“Yes, Spook, it was a woman, and I really do believe I have seen her. This photo is presently in our lab to be enlarged and also enhanced. Once they have obtained a clear image of the assassins face they will run it through the facial recognition software. We must find out who she is. She is the first person, besides Oswald that has ever been directly linked to the Kennedy assassination. Anyway, let me continue.” 
After the flurry of talk about the astounding revelation of the fleeing lady assassin from the Grassy Knoll, the Captain had a hard time returning to his description of his Texas adventure. He managed to quieten the group and continued explaining how he had hurried down the fire escape and jumped into his get-away car. “Oh, yeah,” the Captain said laughing, “I waved and called out to Anhur as we sped away.”
“What?” One of them said, “You saw Anhur? He was there?”
“I sure did. Anhur was standing on the north side of Elm Street with a large black umbrella. He recognized me, and as you can see in this next photo, I took a fairly decent picture of him also. What do you think?”
“Doggone Grandpa, you sure are leaving out a lot of details - like who was driving your get-away car?”
“It was Clem... Clem Ruby was driving the car Gabby. Did I mention I met his uncle Jack Ruby in person? Actually I shook hands with Jack. Seemed like a pleasant enough fellow, but there is so much work still needing to be done in the Kennedy Assassination.
Captain Scarburg began with Lee Harvey Oswald mentioning he certainly didn’t work along. He related how he personally saw or heard, at least, three shooters in Dealey Plaza; the one on the roof; the one in the bushes and the one firing the shot from the sixth floor, which may or may not have been Lee Harvey Oswald. He insinuated it was possible the shot could have come from the Dal-Tex Building across the street. From his position on the roof, if was hard to tell where the shots came from. 
He speculated Jack Ruby was more involved in the assassination than just the murder of Oswald. There was a lot of information the Warren Commission never uncovered, or didn’t want to discover. The Thursday before President Kennedy was killed the Captain was in Jack Ruby’s place. There were guys sitting at a table. He had taken pictures of them talking with Ruby. They were Cosa Nostra or Mafia. The Captain told the group the mobsters all had been identified. He then pulled the pink napkin from his pocket with their names. “Now we need to find out what their association was with Jack Ruby and the assassination of President Kennedy. As I mentioned earlier, I was arrested in Ruby’s Carousel Club and booked into the Dallas City Jail. I literally was placed in the same cell, which would later hold Lee Harvey Oswald. Guess who was my jailer? No, no more guessing I’ll just tell you... Officer J. D. Tippit. J. D. Tippit the very same policemen Lee Harvey Oswald supposedly killed as he was escaping from the Presidential assassination.”
“Grandpa, did you meet Lee Harvey Oswald?”
“No, never did – really did not have enough time, but I though I heard his rifle being fired. Let me rephrase, I heard the noise from a rifle being fired - I have no concrete proof it was Lee Harvey Oswald or not.”
“I am now making a request - lets all go back to Dallas and find out what really happened. I used the term ALL loosely. Spook, you and Tinker, should stay here and maintain a constant link with the Dallas team. Krista you need to stay too for administrative purposes. We will need your help here in the SCAR facility, and Olive Marie you must stay behind also. Trey you need to stay and run everything.”
“But Grandpa!! I can help on the Dallas trip too!” Moaned Olive Marie.
“I realize you can, but honey, we will be in and out of some sleazy places, and these could include bars and lounges. In Texas, you have to be twenty-one to get in those places, and you were just of age your last birthday. I believe you are just too young to be going in some of the dives in Dallas. Sorry, but you can be more useful here. Hope you understand.”
“Okay,” she said sadly, “Grandpa I’m sure you know best.”
Captain Scarburg continued to explain how they would travel back to 1963 Dallas in Pegasus, which he reiterated he had now proven was safe. Safe if the computers are programmed correctly. One other thing he mentioned.... this information was for their ears only. He stressed it could not leave the conference room. He cautioned them that someone had deliberately sabotaged the instrument settings before he left. He landed on the wrong day and forty miles from his destination point. Again he warned, with the wrong numbers, they could land on the right day forty years or four hundred years from the destination date and might never get back to the present!
Tinker had been sitting there silently through all this talk, but with the hint of a saboteur among SCAR’s personnel, that got her attention. “Captain, do you have any idea whom this saboteur is?”
The Captain responded that he had a fairly good idea whom it was and explained he had called this meeting with all of them that morning to reach an ultimate decision on the Dallas mission, and in doing so they could flush out the saboteur.
He wanted to send some of the SCAR personnel back to 1963 and look into the Kennedy Assassination case once and for all. There were a number of questions they must find the answers to. Things like: exactly how many assassins were involved? Who were they? What was the connection between Jack Ruby and Lee Harvey Oswald? Who was Oswald? Who was Officer Tippit? Why did Oswald murder him, or did he? Did the CIA have a clandestine finger in the pie? What was the Mafia’s connection? Was Lyndon Johnson involved? Why were so many of Kennedy’s medical records ‘lost’? There are these questions and others, but the Captain believed he had made his point - a lot of questions need to be answered. Questions the country needed, no, deserved to have answered. And only SCAR and their ‘special’ equipment would be able to discern these answers.
He then announced he wanted to put the plan to time-travel back to the Dallas of 1963 and he wanted a vote, a secret vote. He did not want anyone ostracized for his or her vote. And he wanted everyone to vote, even those who were not actually going to Dallas. It concerned them all.
“In front of each of you is a pen and a note pad - just write ‘yes’ or ‘no’ on the pad and drop it into my hat as I pass it around the table. Vote your conscious, if you believe we should go write ‘YES’ if not write ‘NO’. No one will have knowledge of your vote. Any questions? Okay... good... vote!”
The Captain’s hat passed from hand to hand around the table as it reached Gabby she, using only her thumb and forefinger, gingerly dropped her scrap of paper with her vote into the old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat, with the lone comment, “Ugh!” 
“Gabby that old, brown, tattered cowboy hat may be sweat stained, begrimed and tattered but I would not take a million dollars for it right now! You do not comprehend how much the man that gave it to me valued it! The hat continued around the table back to Grandpa at the head chair. He reached into the hat and pulled out the slips of paper one by one... ‘yes’, ‘yes’, ‘yes’, ‘yes’, ‘yes’, ‘yes’, ‘yes’, ‘yes’. “Well that’s all the votes - the voted are unanimous - yes.
“WE ARE GOING TO DALLAS!!!”

Chapter Twenty-Three
"Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end, but it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning." (Churchill)

THE PLAN

The next step was to devise a plan, thought the Captain.
“Okay folks, the votes have been made and tabulated. We all agreed to return to Dallas and find the reason for the assassination. But we cannot jump into Pegasus and hop on back to 1963 and start running around wildly. We must first plan a course of investigation before we set foot inside that slick, shinny, time-traveling machine.”
“Okay Grandpa, give us the plan.”
“First and foremost we have an enormous problem in the lab. The computer coordinates and the final destination date had been changed on Pegasus before I left the launch site in the laboratory. Someone in the lab was responsible for making the changes. I was fortunate while on the ground in Texas to have one of the best shade-tree handyman rescue Pegasus, or I would be a sixty-nine year old that had only been born twenty years earlier! And you would still be sitting here in this conference room waiting, forever, for my return.
“Earlier I said we were going back to Texas. We are, but we have urgent work here that must be solved before we go. I have already assigned jobs to Krista and Olive Marie, but Sam Lin and Si Lie I have a job for you too. Spook and Tinker I haven’t left you out. In just a moment, I will discuss your assignments. 
“The more thought I have given to the saboteur in the lab the more I believe I can fathom whom he is.”
“Who Grandpa? Who is this loathsome snake-in-the grass?”
“Just a minute and I will reveal him to you. Sam Lin and Si Lei I appreciate you want to go with me to Dallas, but I now believe I have an assignment that is just as important.”
Sam Lin answered, “Captain, you realize we will perform any duty you think is essential, you are the boss. Si Lei and I are at your command.”
“Thank you for your support. What I am about to ask of you is going to seem distasteful, but it is necessary. I don’t even relish the thought of requesting this assignment, but I believe it is entirely necessary. You will both be of greater value to me and our mission if you will faithfully perform what I am about to ask.”
“Of course Captain, what do you want us to do?”
“You asked if I recognize whom the traitor is. Yes, I believe it is Mr. Ryan Rousseau, SCAR’s Chief of Experimental Design and the Flight Director downstairs in the lab. Before any of you say anything, Sam Lin and Si Lei, I realize he is your friend as he is mine, but I strongly believe he is responsible for my almost disastrous time-travel failure. I want you both to do a complete, and I mean complete, background check on our friend. I grasp he was with you both in Bangkok, and I also understand he was instrumental in getting Spook, Tinker and me out of Thailand and safely home with the satchel full of alien documents. I also understand we owe him a lot, but we do not owe him our lives. Go back to Bangkok and check him out guys, I believe he is hiding some deep, dark secret. You must find out what it is.”
Walking over to the table, he picked up the bag where he had stowed his red flannel shirt and blue denim overalls. He removed the overalls and took out a piece of pink napkin from the front bib. It was the napkin from the Carousel Club in Dallas. Slowly he unfolded it, silently read the name written on it and turned to face the others sitting around the conference table. 
“Folks, I jotted down this note while sitting in Jack Ruby’s Carousel Club on Thursday the day before President Kennedy was killed. The name was seen by one of the Carousel waitresses Miss Linda Lou Dearmann, known professionally as Kandy Barr, as she was delivering a drink to the table where Jack Ruby was talking to six of his friends, all bosses of the Cosa Nostra. The name Miss Dearmann saw was MK-ULTRA. I am not sure what it means.”
“Captain,” said Sam Lin, “I too have heard that name - in Bangkok at our CIA headquarters building. I wasn’t assigned to that particular project, but I did put two and two together and figured out it was a black ops, hush-hush, need-to-know only, operation.”
“You’re right Sam Lin, I too have heard of MK-ULTRA,” added Si Lei.
“Sam Lin, Si Lei we need you to catch the next flight out to Bangkok. Turn over every rock, call in every favor you might have over there but find out about MK-ULTRA. And find out if Mr. Ryan Rousseau had any connection to it. If he did, what was his involvement? It’s a strange coincidence that the word MK-ULTRA was being used in Dallas, Texas in 1963 by a bunch of Mafia bosses, and the CIA, in Southeast Asia, was mixed up in the same project in 1967. You acknowledge I do not believe in coincidences. I believe where there’s smoke there’s fire and gentlemen I’m beginning to detect the aroma of smoke coming from Mr. Ryan Rousseau’s direction.”
“Grandpa, you said you had a plan to uncover the saboteur in our lab. What are you going to do?” Asked Gabby.
“Nothing, right now, we have a number of projects connected to the Kennedy assassination to complete before attempting another Pegasus flight. Utmost is the data I believe Sam Lin and Si Lei will uncover in Thailand concerning Rousseau. I have been thoughly acquainted with this man, as have Sam Lin and Si Lei, but as well as I have known him I now believe he is hiding something. Something so sinister that he is willing to kill to keep secret.”
“Are you serious Captain?” asked Sam Lin.
“That’s your mission -- find out!! Krista has you and Si Lei booked on a flight out of here tomorrow at 0700 on American Airlines 4446 to Washington, D.C. From there you grab a Cathay Pacific flight to Hong Kong. From there you will proceed to Bangkok. Have a pleasant flight - and get information on Ryan Rousseau. There’s more to this man than meets the eye, you just need to find out what it is. Oh, by the way, you will probably need some help in Bangkok. Those CIA types can get out of hand sometimes. I’ve got a couple of guys I’m going to sent over to work with you two... they should be there in a few days.”
“Who are they Captain?”
“Lonnie Joe Wheeler and Rocky Jolliet. We worked with them on the Egyptian expedition last year, both ex-Special Forces, and definite assets if you get into trouble over there. I’d rather we wait and send all four of you together, but I believe it is important to get our ‘boots on the ground’ over there as soon as possible. You two go on ahead and get the operation started, and I will get Wheeler and Jolliet over there as soon as possible to help”

MORE ASSIGNMENTS

Reaching back into the overalls he pulled out a second colored napkin. Slowly Captain Scarburg unfolded the rose piece of paper and began to read the names he had written on it at Jack Ruby’s place also. The main difference this slip of napkin had names that were recognizable. He had taken the information supplied by Linda Lou word for word; he did not want to miss anything. He began to read: “ ... the one sitting on Jack’s right is Sam Giordino. He’s from Chicago. Next to Sam is Johnny Russolli out of Las Vegas, and I believe he has something to do with the mob in Hollywood. Then it’s Santo Riccocante from Tampa. Next, the guy smoking the cigar is Carlos Mancini. I believe I have heard he’s from New Orleans, and the guy wearing the sunglasses is Angelo Marino from somewhere up north, Philadelphia I think.”
Spook spoke up, “Captain, I’ve heard about these guys and you are right they are Cosa Nostra. I would like to discern their connection with Ruby too.”
“Good Spook, you are one step ahead of me. I thought you and Tinker would be the perfect ones to dig up dirt on these mobsters. Spook, with your CIA experience you could pull these bugs out into the light without arousing any noticeable suspicions. There is a CIA connection to the assassination somewhere – we just need to find it out. I’m almost certain most of the persons involved would be dead by now, but there should still be a paper trail of their involvement, or maybe there is someone still alive that would provide some pertinent information. ”
“Bad as I hate to admit it Captain, I believe you are right. Tinker and I will do our best to find out what the connection is.”
“Thanks guys. There’s another area we need to investigate. I believe a tie-in exists with the CIA, Jack Kennedy, the Cubans and the Bay of Pigs fiasco in April 1961; however, Spook and Tinker I believe your investigation into those Mafia bosses might show some connection to the Bay of Pigs screw-up. Try to see if your Mafiosos have any tie-ins to show their connection with Cuba.
“Krista, you and Olive Maria are to be the collection point of all the data these investigations will generate. You will need to compile this information and organize it. Olive Maria you are the computer guru and our computers are linked to the Department of Defense, the Central Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency and the U.S. Special Operations Command at MacDill AFB in Florida. Your job is to peruse these highly classified databases, to which we have clearance, and glean any information on MK-ULTRA, the Bay of Pigs operation, the Mafia bosses, the Kennedy Assassination or anything that might be important before our return to Dallas. On the return trip, I will be taking some of our personnel, so our personal safety will depend on the data you uncover.”
“How long do we have to accomplish these tasks?”
“Obviously we have waited since 1967, so we are not under any deadline, but remember as long as we work on this assignment other projects will have to be put on hold. So work with as much speed as possible but let’s make sure the data we gather is accurate and pertinent to the John F. Kennedy assassination on November 22, 1963.”

Chapter Twenty-Four
THREE DAYS LATER - DÉJÁ VU AGAIN

Captain Robert Scarburg, III was just finishing his last cup of coffee for the day. He and Krista’s usual quitting time was around 6 p.m. He always joked and said, “There were two things he did not want to be late for - supper and payday.” But today both he and Krista had been burning the midnight oil putting the final preparations on the ‘expedition’ back to Dallas. This day supper was going to be late. 
The time was 10:05 a.m. Friday morning in the frozen regions of northern Russia but it was 9:05 p.m. Thursday night in Washington.
The Personal Communicator panel on his desk began to glow. An image of Krista appeared, “Captain you have a call from the SECNAV Admiral James Altman.”
“By-ned, Krista what do you think the Secretary of the Navy wants at this time of night?”
“Are you just going to talk about him or do you want to talk to him?”
“Well of course I want to talk to him, put him on... Good evening Mr. Secretary, Director Scarburg here... how are Louise and the kids?”
“Fine Bob, fine, but this isn’t a personal call.”
“Sorry Admiral, what can I do for you?”
“Bob, I’m afraid I have some distressing news...”
“Hold on just a minute Jim... you and I have had this same conversation before... In fact, I believe it was about a year or so ago... you called and told me the plane carrying Forrest, Bud and Olive Maria had gone down off the coast of Mexico. Now, this time I can guarantee you all my grandkids are safe and sound right here on the ground in the good ole USA. They sure aren’t flying on any airplanes today...”
“Bob, please, let me finish...”
“Sorry, Admiral I got carried away, please... continue.”
“It’s not your children this time Bob... it’s... it’s... Sam Lin and Si Lei! Their plane was coming south out of the Arctic Ocean across Russia headed toward their Hong Kong destination. They ran into a monster of a blizzard somewhere over northern Russia, and the control tower in Hong Kong lost radar contact with the plane. They believe it went down. There is some talk about a mid-air collision or near miss, we are not quite sure which, but we haven’t heard from their plane since 2215 hours last night, their time.”
“Jim, this cannot be happening - a person would have to script two airplane tragedies such as these in such a short period of time – this sounds like a book or movie? Tell me this is a joke?”
“Sorry my good friend, I wish I could say it wasn’t so. I’ll keep you apprised of any situational changes. Good bye and good night Bob.”
“Thank you for the information Admiral, good night Sir.”
Krista entered Captain Scarburg’s office. She, as always, wanted to find out what the SECNAV wanted. Captain Scarburg offered her a seat and began to explain the call with Secretary of the Navy, Admiral Altman. The Captain, to say the least, was distraught. After his explanation Krista joined him in his overwrought state. She sat with her handkerchief dabbing the tears from the corner of her eye, quietly sobbing, neither spoke. The Captain had turned his chair to face the wall. If Krista had been able to see, she also would have seen tears beginning to glisten in his eyes also.
“What are we going to do?” asked Krista.
“Krista, go back to your office and call the kids - fill them in on the situation, I’m going over to Spook and Tinker’s. Sam Lin and Si Lei are Spook’s brothers he needs to be informed in person about the plane crash.”
“Yes Captain,” answered Krista.
“Krista, have you seen my cowboy hat – the one I brought back from Dallas? I seem to have misplaced it.”

Chapter Twenty-Five
SOMEWHERE IN RUSSIA

“Cathay Pacific 6073 declaring an emergency... come in Chek Lap Chuc... Mayday... Mayday... Cathay 6073 calling Hong Kong... Cathay 6073 calling anyone... anyone reading this station! Respond, please! We are declaring an emergency! Mayday... Mayday...’ Sorry Captain, I’m not being received. It appears we are broadcasting, but I cannot be sure.”
“Thanks Don, keep trying every chance you get. We have already been here nearly three days, we have to get outside and see if we can get our bearing.”
Captain Hunter, could hardly believe it had been three long, cold, miserable days since their near collusion with the Airbus A330. The turbulence created by the UFO streaking between their Boeing 777 and the on-coming plane prevented a disastrous head-on crash; however, Captain Haskell Hunter and his Co-pilot Donald Walker could not overcome the rapid descent of the aircraft. After an un-successful, valiant effort to keep the plane in the air, during the monster of a snowstorm, they succeeded in landing somewhere in the vast expanse of the northern steppes of Russia. Neither would bring up the subject of the Unidentified Flying Object. 
“What about the wheel-well Don? We might be able to use the mechanic’s entrance panel in the floor next to the forward galley to get outside. We could drop through that opening down into the luggage compartment. Once we get in that compartment there is another service panel directly above the front wheels. If we can get it open and get inside the wheel-well... we... we... well we’ll just have to play it by ear from there, I guess.”
“Come on Captain, let’s give it a try.”
Back in the passenger compartment the movement by the pilot and co-pilot caused a stir among the sleepers, including Sam Lin and Si Lei. “What’s going on Captain?” asked Sam Lin.
“We’re going to attempt to work our way to the outside through the front wheel-well. We need to see if we can determine just exactly where we landed. Well, landed may not be the right word. Anyone want to help - we sure could use it.”
“Count me and Si Lei in Captain - we’ll help!”
“Great, follow me.”
Passing through the First Class Section a grey haired gentleman with a neatly trimmed Vandyke beard reached out and grabbed Captain Hunter’s arm as they passed. “Yes sir, is there something I can do for you?” The Captain asked looking down at the man’s hand on his arm.
Speaking with a Scottish accent he answered, “Aye Captain, I heard ye say ye are going to attempt to get outside this infernal machine through the wheel-holes. Ye realize they will probably be packed with a wee bit of snow - we didn’t come in fer a right smooth landing as ye know.”
“Yes, you are correct. Do you have a question sir?”
“No, not a question. I might tho’ have an answer. Ye see laddie, I am Dr. Phillip Mann, Professor of Archeology at Harvard University. That’s in Boston... Boston, Massachusetts... Massachusetts is in the USA, ye know?” 
“Yes, Professor, I know where Harvard is located, please continue,” the Captain said impatiently rolling his eyes.
“Oh yes, to continue - my students and I were on our way to evaluate a recent fossil find in the Chinese Province of Hunan...”
“Yes, yes, this is all very interesting Professor Mann,” the Captain said interrupting the Professor, “and I would love to hear more about your trip, but as you probably can tell, I am a little busy right now.”
“Oh, right ye are! That’s my point. My students and I have picks and shovels in our baggage in the luggage compartment below. Ye will need some type of digging instruments to remove all that infernal snow. Won’t ye my laddie?”
“You are a Godsend Professor - but how can we identify your baggage from all the dozens and dozens of other bags? We could be looking for hours.”
“Very simple my lad. All our bags have a large strip of red tape around and about them.” Smiling and stroking his beard, he continued, “Oh, I bet ye a pound sterling ye thought I was going to say Scotch tape, get it... Scotch?”
“Yes Professor,” Captain Hunter answered, agitated, “I got it!”
“I do say... it’s that red, what is it called? Oh yes, mounting... no... no... masking tape... yes that’s it - masking tape. I do that, so my clan of students can easily identify their bags at the airport baggage terminals. Just look for the bags with the red tape - each will have one of those small folding Army shovels in it. Ye’re welcome to’em.”
“Thanks Professor, thank you very much.”
“Oh, laddie, one thing...if yer find any fossils gimme a holler,” he said grinning.

DIG GUYS DIG!

Captain Hunter, Co-pilot Don Walker, Sam Lin and Si Lei had retrieved the shovels from the bags of the Harvard archeologists in the Boeing’s luggage compartment. They found and opened the maintenance plate, which allowed the four of them to slide down onto the two large Goodyear tires in the front wheel-well. The professor had been correct - the wheel compartment was packed with snow - freezing, cold snow.
Surveying the situation all was not bad. The temperature was still in the minus forty to minus fifty-degree range. This was good. No, not really, fifty below is bad, but it was so cold the snow did not pack itself together; it was simply a fluffy white powder. Captain Hunter thought it reminded him of flour or talcum powder. Powder snow is much easier to dig through than hard, packed, wet snow.
  Each person manned a shovel and began moving the snow from the front of the tires to the side - it seemed hopeless. The wheel-well was quickly filling up with loose snow. “Come on guys, I believe I can see the snow beginning to lighten. I think we are getting close to digging out! Come on don’t stop now! Dig guys dig!”
The words had barely escaped Captain Hunter’s nearly frozen lips when one of the shovels broke through to the outside. Pushing the snow aside, they widen the hole more and more. In a few minutes, they were able to slide through and finally the four of them were standing knee deep in the white fluff. They were outside! This allowed them to get a look and survey their ‘landing field’.
They cast searching eyes in every direction - they saw nothing. Well nothing, except snow. It was everywhere. If one had been talking about a winter wonderland, this would be the place they had in mind. 
Captain Hunter was the first to speak, “Men, we seem to have landed on a large frozen lake. Look over there,” he said pointing in one direction. “It looks to be a couple of miles to those trees. We need to get around to the rear of the airplane and check if we have sustained any structural damage.” The plane was blocking their view - actually it did not look like a plane - it was just an enormous pile of snow! The plane was wholly covered from nose to tail - they couldn’t even see the wings.
As they struggled to trudge around the snow covered airplane, Captain Hunter asked one of the men to walk up the mound of snow and brush away the snow from the windshield. “When we get back inside, sitting in the cockpit, we need to be able to see what is happening outside.”
The four of them spent a few minutes checking out their ‘neighborhood’. Their first impression had not changed - they were sitting on a large frozen lake with nothing but miles and miles of endless snow in every direction. The worst thing - they saw was no indication of life - no buildings, no houses or no animals. They were in the vast Russia steppe - there probably was not a living person in hundreds if not thousands of square miles.
Before going back into the hole to the wheel-well, Sam Lin spoke, “Captain, what do you think we should do?”
“Gentlemen, I appreciate the fact that I am in charge and should have an answer, and I do. My answer is: I just simply do not have an answer - sorry.”
Back inside the aircraft, the passengers scrambled toward the front of the aircraft as the diggers re-appeared. They wanted to hear what they had to say. The assembled travelers were enthusiastic and apprehensive, but hearing the report on the conditions outside, their mood changed to extreme despair and desperation. The temperature inside the craft was extremely cold, but after the discouraging news, the temperature seemed to drop a few more degrees.
Most of the mumbling and questioning centered on one question, “Captain, what are you going to do?”
The Captain tried to be honest with the passengers. He explained that they were in a terrible predicament. The best he could tell, they were sitting on a frozen lake, with no recognizable civilization within sight. Even if a rescue plane flew directly overhead it would not be able to see them - they were buried in a huge mound of snow. The emergency beckon may or may not be working – the Captain didn’t even feel certain if it actually works at fifty below zero. The Mr. Walker could not get their radio to operate - lightening may have hit the antenna while they were in that terrible snowstorm. He had no idea what was wrong with the radio, but he told the passenger they had two chances that some local populace will stumble upon them - slim and none. That was the grim news... he did not have any good news. Actually he did have one piece of news that could be considered good: the plane appeared to be undamaged when it ‘landed’.
“If more information concerning our situation comes to me, I will pass this information on to you all – whether good or bad. Right now my co-pilot and I will be in the cockpit working on the radio. We might by chance get it to work.” 
He told them Sam Lin and Si Lei from Row 11 had gone back out into the snow and were using clothing from the luggage compartment to form an SOS on top of the aircraft. Anyone flying over should be able to see the distress signal.
“Captain,” a lady in the crowd of passengers asked, “why not ask for a volunteer to go outside to go for help?”
“Ma’am, as you realize we are in our third day – our situation is dire but we are not desperate. Allow me to give you all some facts - we can go a long time without food, probably a week or two. The critical item is water. Fortunately, we have all we need - outside as snow. With water, we have the ability to wait until rescued. It is just a matter of time... the authorities at Hong Kong realize we are overdue and have, I’m sure, initiated a search and rescue mission, but I’m sorry, it could be quite a long wait for them to find us.
As far as sending someone out – it would be irresponsible of me to allow someone go outside. Who would go? In which direction would they walk? Walk? That’s a laugh. The snow is at least two to three feet deep, and we have no snowshoes. The temperature is minus fifty degrees and we have no suitable clothing to wear in this bone-chilling, frigid, cold. No, I’m sorry, but we will just have to stay inside our aircraft and wait... just wait... days or maybe weeks if need be... just wait, someone will come - we cannot give up hope.”  
Sam Lin and Si Lei returned to their seats after positioning the SOS distress signal, bundled up and tried to get warm. Captain Hunter and his assistant Co-pilot Walker returned to the cockpit and continued their attempt to reach the Hong Kong airport.
“Sam Lin? Sam Lin, are you awake?”
“Yeah, Si Lei, what?”
“Sam Lin, do you think we will ever get to Bangkok and complete the mission of investigating Mr. Ryan Rousseau for Captain Scarburg? It’s not looking good, is it? We’re going to die out here in this frozen wasteland. Die Sam Lin! They will find our bodies frozen stiff like popsicles! I told you Brother I don’t like whale blubber.”
“Hush... Si Lei, don’t be so morbid, be optimistic, we will get out of here - somehow, someway. Do not worry, everything is going to be okay.”
“Whale blubber - yuck!! Yeap, frozen! Frozen stiff, like popsicles, that’s how they will find us... frozen solid!”
Most all the passengers, including the captain and co-pilot, could do now were to stay wrapped up, and occasionally doze off for a few minutes. For the most part, they were in the midst of this activity when... 

WHAT IS THAT NOISE?

“What is that noise?” asked the co-pilot to Captain Hunter. “Do you hear that?”
“What,” responded the Captain? “What did you say?” he replied as he sleepily, aroused from his nap.
The co-pilot again directed the captain to the sound he heard. The Captain sat up in his left pilot’s seat and cocked his head to the side to enable himself to hear better. There... there it was again... he did hear it this time. It had a high-pitched whine that sounded surprisingly like a household vacuum cleaner. 
“What is that Don? It seems to be coming from outside. Listen... it is getting louder!” Both men were leaning forward faces close to the front windshield straining to see if they could discern the source of the hum, which was beginning to increase in volume and intensity. Now it sounded more like a high-pitched whine of a jet engine than a household appliance. Actually one jet engine could not make that sound, thought the Captain.
The door from the cockpit to the passenger compartment was standing wide open - a small crowd had gathered. They had heard the sound also. Sam Lin and Si Lei were standing at the front of the group, practically inside the cockpit. “What is it?” asked Sam directing his question to Captain Hunter.
Before the pilot could respond the snow suddenly began blowing against the windshield. So much snow was flying their vision outside was totally obliterated. The noise had become exceedingly loud... it was right outside... it seemed to be coming from directly in front of them. The blowing snow slowly subsided enough to allow again the crowd inside to see the wintery, landscape outside. 
The whine was diminishing, and the snow was settling down. The shine off the dazzling circular metal craft sitting outside the window was blinding. It appeared as if the rays of the sun were shining off a gleaming mirror. In spite of the blinding glare, they could see an emblem formed into a circle on the front. The disc-like symbol was divided into four sections. In one, was a face of a man; the second a lion, the third a bull and the final section contained an eagle. Sam Lin and Si Lei recognized this emblem immediately - they had seen it before - this was the symbol of the planet Sunev. 
It was sitting – no, not sitting hovering would be a more apt description – floating, as it seemed, about ten or fifteen feet above the ground! The craft was so large and so close to the front of their aircraft the UFO’s right and left edges could not be seen. Slowing, the machine began to retreat. At first ten feet, then twenty feet, at approximately fifty feet it stopped moving. 
All those squeezed into the cockpit now could see its enormous size. It was no less than twenty feet high, circular and stretched at least one hundred feet edge to edge. It was still humming, like a tuning fork but softly. Streaks of, what looked like small bolts of lightning, danced along the bottom of the UFO and leaped to the snow below. 
“Don! Don! This is the same object, which passed between the A330 and our plane. Its turbulence threw us into the spin, which prevented our two planes from crashing head-on. Isn’t it the same one?”
With eyes almost twice their normal size Co-pilot Walker swallowed hard and replied, “Uh-huh.”
Not only did Sam Lin and Si Lei recognize the round emblem on the front they recognized the strange craft staring them in the face. They both remember reading Captain Scarburg’s report of Tinker’s encounter with this same craft at Pac Toul, Cambodia back in 1967.
They remembered she said the craft looked like two saucers turned one on the other. The circular body was divided into four sections. The lower bottom section would be the upturned saucer. The upper portion, the overturned saucer was divided into three sections. She said the bottom ring was spinning, emitting a humming sound. This ring glowed a bright orange but was not hot, but she could feel air rushing from it. She said static electricity was jumping from the craft to the ground. It danced all around the craft. Above this glowing ring was another ring that did not rotate. There were four portholes mounted in this section. This ring was of a silver color, platinum thought Tinker. Above this ring was another ring exactly the same width with the appearance of being gold or gold plated. It spun opposite to the bottom ring. Above this ring was the final ring, also gold. This ring extended to the very top where a blue-tinted observation dome was located.
Looking out the front windshield, Sam Lin thought, ‘Well Tinker did a terrific job describing this sucker, she hit it right on the nose.’
Someone questioned if the Captain had any weapons aboard. The Captain had barely finished shaking his head when one of the passengers yelled, “Then how are you going to defend us from this... this... flying saucer?”
“Defend!! Defend you - are you kidding? That thing probably has weapons of which we never have dreamed. Trying to use a gun against them would be like throwing rocks at a battleship.”
Sam Lin turned to the crowd and proclaimed, “Calm, stay calm I do not think they intend us any harm.”
Someone yelled, “How do you know?”
Before Sam could answer, the lower ring of the ‘saucer’ began to spin faster and faster and started to glow a bright orange color. The ring above the portholes dropped down and covered the portholes and this ring began to spin counter-clockwise to the first. The wind produced by the spinning rings began to increase, blowing harder and harder. It was beginning to blow the snow away from the ground underneath the ‘flying saucer’. In a second or two, the ice covering the lake became visible; the craft moved closer and closer to their downed plane. The snow was being blown away as if a giant leaf blower were at work. 
The alien vehicle moved over the entire giant Boeing 777, clearing its cocoon of snow better than a ground crew could do at any major airport. Once the saucer had removed the snow it moved back to the front of the aircraft and stopped. Sam Lin and Si Lei crowded close to the cockpit window could they saw a tiny ‘person’ with large almond shaped black eyes peering down at them from the craft’s blue, observation dome. Seeing Sam Lin and Si Lei this little ‘person’ reached up and tipped the brim of his hat. An old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat. 
“Anhur, you son of a gun,” said Sam Lin softly as he and Si Lei bowed their heads. Only the three of them realized they knew each other.
The UFO began slowly to move across the snow-covered ice blowing clear a runway as it gently floated across the frozen lake. Its large size created a clear path in the snow at least 150 feet wide. So clear, Captain Hunter could see the rays of the sun reflecting off the blue of the frozen ice crystals beneath. It proceeded down the length of the lake for a few thousand yards before lifting from the icy surface. It then shot off and at an incredible speed disappearing in a flash over the distant horizon. Captain Hunter later would say the craft’s speed surely must have approached 2,000 to 2,500 miles per hour. He said it was faster than any military jet he had ever seen.
“Okay, Don, start through the checklist, get all the systems set. We’re getting ready to see if this sucker will fly again.”
“What? We’re going to try to takeoff from this frozen lake?”
“Nope! We’re not going to try - we are going to DO IT! Get ready Mr. Walker, we’re going flying. I don’t know who they are or where they came from, but obviously they were here to rescue us. We didn’t survive a near collision, a crash landing and fifty below temperatures, on our good looks. I have the feeling all our flight systems will work.”
Speaking into the intercom, “Ladies and gentlemen, please replace all your tray tables and return you seats to an upright and locked position. Flight attendants prepare the cabin for takeoff - we’re getting ready to put this bird back into the air!” 
A tremendous roar shook the windows of the plane; everyone was clapping, and at the same time yelling, “We’re leaving!”
Captain Hunter turning to Mr. Walker, “Switch on the Auxiliary Power Unit (APU).”
“Roger, APU engaged.”
“Open the APU Bleed Air Valve.”
“Roger, APU Bleed Air Valve open.”
“Open the Central Pneumatic System valves.”
“Roger, CPS Valves open.”
“Release APU Bleed across turbines.”
“Roger, turbines beginning to turn.”
“Once the oxygen percentage reaches fifty per-cent in the combustion chambers we will introduce fuel.”
“Roger, fuel control switches engaged.”
“Okay, Mr. Walker - the moment has arrived - auto ignition - one, two, three...”
Before the Captain could say ‘four’ the engines began to turn over. At first they were slow and shook violently. Captain Hunter thought, must have been a lot of snow still in those GE-90 turbofan beasts. A couple of seconds and the rpms on the engines began to increase, and the shaking subsided. The rpms continued to increase. They were beginning to roar. That sounds good, thought Captain Hunter.
Reaching over to the center console, the Captain pushed the throttles forward, about a third power at first. The engines seemed to be operating flawlessly - their roaring scream increased smoothly to a deafening whine. The engines were warming up, so was the air blowing into the interior of the passenger compartment. “Heat! Heat! Thank you Captain!” Someone yelled from the back.
“Release the brakes Mr. Walker.”
“Release the brakes? What brakes... we never used any brakes!”
“Okay, well... well, Mr. Walker,” the Captain said pushing the throttles wide open, “Keep your fingers crossed. Let’s go!”

Chapter Twenty-Six
LONNIE JOE AND ROCKY

“Krista! Krista! Get in here! The Captain yelled into his Personal Communicator. Catching himself, “Krista, would you please come into my office!”
Without answering she, hearing the tone in his voice, leaped from her chair and hurried into his inner office. Throwing his door open, she saw the Captain sitting at his desk. Cigar smoke permeated the whole room. It appeared he was on his third or fourth one, and it wasn’t even ten in the morning.
“Land sakes! What in the devil are you yelling about Captain?”
“Krista... that sun-of-a-gun downstairs in the laboratory has to be taken care of. I don’t how and I don’t know when but he’s got to get his. You know he tried to kill me? Kill me, I tell you. Me! Me! He tried to kill me!” The Captain said storming around his office, flailing his arms into the air and speaking almost incoherently.
“Calm down Captain... just calm yourself. Tell me what you want me to do about Mr. Rousseau. We know people... you want to have him hurt, maimed, killed? Which one? Just tell me which way to go, and I’ll set the plans in motion.”
“Right! By-ned your right Krissy, but which... but which... now that’s a good question? Well I cannot answer right now, what I need to find out is what does this have to do with SCAR. I know he has been with us from the beginning, and I have known for years he thought he should have been included as a SCAR founder, but I do not believe that would be enough to make him a killer. He must have another reason. He surely must have had some prior involvement with us, or some of the things we deal with. This we must find out. You know I had already sent Sam Lin and Si Lei to Bangkok to do some background digging on him, but I just returned from Spook and Tinker’s home. They took the news of the boys plane crash hard... hard... I tell you, and I don’t blame them. I’m taking it hard too. Something has to be done... I mean I’ve got to get that guy. If it hadn’t been for Rousseau I would not have assigned the investigative mission to Bangkok to Sam Lin and Si Lei... those two would still be alive today!!! Alive, I tell you... alive... Rousseau killed them... if it had not been for him Sam Lin and Si Lei would still be alive. I’ve got to get Ryan Rousseau. He did all but commit the murder himself. You hear me Krista – he is a murderer!”
“Yes I hear you Captain, please put the Cutty Sark bottle down, I believe you have had enough Scotch, we need to talk. What do you want me to do?”
“I don’t know Krista, but I know a couple of guys who can help us find out and take care of the problem if you understand what I mean. I had intended to send them to Bangkok to help in the Rousseau investigation, but now Bangkok will be Sam Lin and Si Lei’s mission alone.”
“But who Captain? Who are they?”
“Krista, get me the two people I need, and have them report to me ASAP. Tell them I needed them yesterday, that’s how quick they should endeavor to get here.”
“Okay, Captain, right away... one small question though? 
“What,” asked the Captain, frustrated?
“Who? Who are the two people you want me to get?”
“Why, Lonnie Joe and Rocky! That’s who!” He replied.
Krista knew exactly who they were. Lonnie Joe was Dr. Lonnie Joe Wheeler, and Rocky (as he preferred) was Jacque Jolliet. 
Gabby was the only one who could call him Jacque... and she pronounced Jacque in the style of the French. Not Jack as an American would do. Jacque loved the way she pronounced his name, letting the word roll off her tongue ever so silky.
He and Gabby had been an item while working together in Egypt, but the timing wasn’t right for them. They might have become more than an item had Gabrielle not been called back home from Egypt, and Jacque had not been sent on another assignment to Iraq.
Gabby had to return home after hearing Bud, Forrest and Olive Marie had been reported lost on the downed plane destined for Mexico City.

At the mention of Jacque, Krista could not contain her excitement any longer. She knew how much he meant to her daughter Gabrielle. They had not seen each other since their separation in Egypt. It had been a long year with Rocky gone to the warzone of Iraq. 
“Gabrielle, Hon you will never in a thousand years guess who is being re-called back to SCAR Headquarters for re-assignment to a new mission,” Krista said excitedly to Gabby on the telephone. 
“Come on Mom, you know I don’t like these guessing game... just tell me, who?”
“Hold your breath - Jacque... Jacque Jollett! Your Grandpa has a mission for him. The Captain is pulling him out of Iraq and returning him to Washington. I am trying to locate him at this very minute, but I just couldn’t wait to tell you the news. I have tried all his contacts, but he is off the radar, in fact, it is possible he is on his way home as we speak. In fact, his year assignment was up last month. He may have left on his own. I don’t want to worry you, but something could have happened to him.
“You mean he could be... could be... dead?” Asked Gabby.
“No! No, I don’t to worry you, but yes it is a possibility, but let’s not think about that, I’m sure he is okay. He could be here any time now... Gabby...? Gabby are you there?”

Chapter Twenty-Seven
COMING HOME

Hanging up her phone while her Mother was still talking, Gabby’s mind raced after listening to the news that her fabulous Jacque was coming home. “Coming home, coming home,” she said over and over as if not truly believing what she had just heard was true. She stared at the telephone, not quite grasping the reality of the conversation. Is he hurt, maybe even dead? No, I’m not going to think that way... he is finally coming home, she thought. 
“Oh shoot!” she said out loud. She had stepped from the bathtub when the phone rang, now she was standing, dripping water into a large puddle on the floor.
Leaving the telephone she hurriedly walked followed by a trail of wet footprints, across the tile floor back to the bath where she hurriedly dried her body with a huge, fluffy, white bath towel. She couldn’t believe it had been thirteen months, twelve days and five hours since Jacque left for his assignment to Iraq, but who was counting. She wrapped the towel snuggly around her body and tucked in the loose end. 
Both Jacque and she worked for the exclusively, small group of SCAR archeologists known as the ‘Bone Seekers’. After their last assignment together he left Gabby in Egypt for the war-torn country of Iraq. He had been assigned to investigate an ancient burial plot in Iraq, a site uncovered during one of America’s numerous bombing attacks. Gabby had been notified of the death of her two brothers and only sister on the Mexico flight and had been recalled to the U.S. 
On her return to the U.S. and the subsequent discovery her family had not been killed she found an apartment - just a one bedroom, den and combined kitchen/dining area, but it had an enormous fifth floor window, a window which allowed for a panoramic view of the Washington skyline. From this wall size window, could be seen the National Mall and the distant Potomac River; these were breath-taking as the evening sun began to drop below the distant western horizon, especially the 555-foot marble obelisk as it cast its shadow across the stunning reflecting pool. To Gabby the shadow appeared as a giant finger pointing toward the Capitol building. 
Her mind was rushing full tilt as she returned from the confines of the bathroom and again walked barefoot across the cold tiles onto the soft carpet of her living room, the towel still snuggly wrapped around her body. She sat down on the sofa, leaned back against a cushion, and mused about Jacque and his return.
She was in her den, eyes shut, the recessed lights were dimmed to a soft glow, the atmosphere was perfect for Jacque’s arrival. A mellow mix of soft Glenn Miller swing and Miles Davis jazz drifted across the room from the stereo in the corner, but a long time had passed since they parted, and she wasn’t sure how he would feel about her. Had he found someone else after Egypt? No, she thought... he has been in Iraq for the whole time, who was he going to meet? The archeological dig was in a section of the far northeastern Iraqi desert close to the border of Turkey. A region sparsely populated with a religion forbidding any premarital contact with the opposite sex and marital infidelity would result in instant death for both parties, if caught. Courtship was forbidden, and marriages were pre-arranged. She knew Jacque had the reputation of a ladies’ man, but courting a woman in this area surely wasn’t worth getting killed over.
Opening her eyes, she arose from the couch entered her dressing room, and selected her nicest outfit. She slipped on a pair of black five-inch stilettos. Shoes so high she was afraid she might not be able to walk in them. 
She knew she looked stunning, but as a woman will do, she had to see for herself. A door-length mirror covered the back of the bathroom door. Standing in front admiring herself, she knew she was breathtaking. Turing to the right then the left, perfect, there was nothing more she could do. Nothing more she could put on would add to her enchanting look.  
She wasn’t tall, but at five feet four, the sixty-four inches were proportioned perfectly. She had a gorgeous hourglass figure. She had always been blessed with a perfect body and a beautiful face with high cheekbones. In high school, she was a cheerleader, the homecoming queen and was voted the ‘class beauty’ for the yearbook. 
Before she had more time to contemplate her outfit, she heard the,
♪bing-bing-bong♪
It was the front door chimes. Whom could this be, she thought.
Answering the door, there stood a man... not just any ole man it was... it was... her Jacque!
Stepping inside the foyer he set his duffle bag down. “Hey,” he said, “Remember me?”
Jacque was mesmerized by her dazzling looks. He could not take his eyes from her. There was something different about her tho’. Was it her figure...? No, she was just as trim and shapely as ever. Her face? No, just as beautiful as he remembered. What? What was different? Her hair! Yes, her hair that was it! It was not the same as it was when he left. No more the long, silky, honey blonde hair extending to the middle of her back, which she normally wore in a long, tapered, ponytail. Her hair was trimmed to just below her shoulders and styled in such a manner as to frame her gorgeous face and accent her deep, emerald green eyes.
“Gabby what have you done with your hair? Shortened it up a bit, huh? It looks good.”
“Yeah, it’s shorter than it used to be. Glad you like it.” She couldn’t tell by his eyes if she were still his girl. She could also not tell if there had been no one else. “It’s you,” she said, “its really you. I’m going to pinch myself. You have been gone such a long time - you don’t know how thrilled I am to see you. How long do you get to stay in Washington?”
“I’m sorry, but my next flight leaves within the hour.”
“What, Mom said you were back in Washington for another assignment. I thought you would have at least a few days.”
“Sorry, but missions change, and they changed mine. I wanted to drop in to say hello and goodbye, but the real reason was to explain in person why I have not answered your last few letters – I have found someone else. She and I are planning on getting married, and I did not want to break this to you in a letter.”
The startled look on Gabby’s face was unmistakable. Did she hear correctly? Did Jacque have another love? Was she no longer his girl?
“I’m sorry,” Jacque continued. “She was one of the international archeologists on the Iraqi dig. I was reluctant to tell you. You know you will always be special to me. I’m truly sorry - goodbye.”
As Gabby stifled her impulse to cry, Jacque picked up his duffle bag, swung it over his shoulder, and walked out the door without awaiting her response. 

What? What was that? She said to herself rising from the couch and brushing the sleep from her eyes.
♪Bing-bing-bong♪
That’s the door chimes, she thought, someone’s at the front door... at this time of the night? 
Answering the door, there stood a man... not just any ole man it was... it was... her Jacque! Stepping inside the foyer he set his duffle bag down. “Hey,” he said, “remember me?” 
Jacque was mesmerized by her dazzling looks. He could not take his eyes from her. Here stood the most dazzling beautiful blonde. If her long, silky, honey blonde hair had not been bound up in a ponytail it would have extended to the middle of her back. Yes, Jacque thought, she is so beautiful, but why is she only wrapped in a white, fluffy bath towel...?

Chapter Twenty-Eight
LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT “YESTERDAY”

SCAR Headquarters, Washington, D.C. Friday, November 30, 2012. The time was 10:00 a.m.
“Director? Lonnie Joe and Rocky are here,” Krista announced to Captain Scarburg. Lonnie Joe, (mostly referred to as LJ), and ‘Rocky’ Jolliet were exceptional team members of Captain Scarburg’s SCAR operation. Both had been involved in several SCAR expeditions in the past, and the Captain knew they were the perfect pair to assist him in his current “situation”. Krista had no trouble located the two, and they had made excellent time getting to SCAR Headquarters to find out their next mission.
Lonnie Joe, a medical doctor, a “real” doctor as he likes to emphasis, was not one of those Post-Hole Diggers (PHDs), like most of the other key SCAR staff members. Dr. Lonnie Joe Wheeler, MD was a good ole Alabama boy, a distant grandson of the famous Confederate General Fightin’ Joe Wheeler. LJ an ex-Special Forces captain who had wasted his life (as he said), on wine, women and song, and could not figure out where all his money had gone. He measured a shade over six feet; his muscled body was stoutly built and strong as a pair of oxen. A head full of jet-black hair manicured into a perfect ‘high and tight’ GI haircut topped off his body.
He might be an intellectual, a doctor, but he had a propensity to drink hard and fight harder; a barroom brawler who would fight you at the drop of a hat. He was the type of man you would want with you and not against you. He loved bar fights and Lynchburg, Tennessee’s finest - eighty proof Jack Daniel’s corn whiskey. The black label not the green served ‘neat’ with a splash of water (not in a glass but in his face after the fight). He loved his JD so well he never knew when to stop drinking. Usually, it was when the bartender saw the bottom of the Jack Daniel’s bottle or the fight ended - which ever came first.
Jacque was Jacque Jolliet, or Rocky. Rocky was more of the lover type but carried a Marine ten-inch Ka Bar bowie knife just in case some fiend didn’t want to love him back. Why Rocky... no one knew. Some believe his ‘handle’ may have come from some of his earlier Special Forces exploits when his buddies might have remarked: ‘He was steady as a rock and never ran from the enemy.’ Who knows? Well, at least it made for a good story. He was a full four or five inches taller than Lonnie Joe, but like Lonnie Joe he too was an ex-Special Forces warrior. His tanned features displayed his Italian ancestry, although an American citizen, he was born in Londonderry, Northern Ireland. His father, a U.S. Marine had been stationed at the Londonderry U.S. Naval Communication Station. His mother was from Naples. They brought him to the United States at an early age, but his Irish accent never quite left him. If you listen closely, a hint of the Irish brogue is still there. Rocky’s body was tall and lean, his hair was curly black, his eyes were a piercing sky blue, and his tanned muscles seemed to explode from his, ever present, Special Forces t-shirt. As a Captain, he led a Special Forces A-team into Baghdad the night before Operation Desert Storm began in ’91. He was smart as a whip and rough as a cob, but packaged in a body that women would melt over. However, it was hard to believe this man’s man had the habits of a librarian. He was meticulous in everything he did - a place for everything and everything in its place. When not actively involved in his latest exploit, you could find him perusing the pages of the latest top selling novel or exploring the words of the great authors of by-gone years. At forty-one, he was beginning to feel like the old man of the outfit – well, except for the Captain, that is.
Both LJ and Rocky had been on the SCAR expedition to the Bahariah Oasis, in Egypt, over a year ago. Gabby and Lou were on that assignment also. While, in Egypt, they had been involved investigating a centuries old mummy that was of interest to SCAR. 
Oh yes, Krista was well aware of those two!

Hearing Krista’s announcement of LJ and Rocky’s arrival, Captain Scarburg arose from his desk and walked across his office to the door. “Gentlemen! Gentlemen, good to see you, come into my office,” the Captain said, stepping aside and motioning with his arm. He followed the two inside. “Grab yourselves a seat. Would you like a cup of coffee?” He said sitting down behind his desk.
“Thanks, none for me,” said LJ.
“What about you Rocky?”
“Yeah, Captain, don’t mind if I do. Keep your seat, I remember where the pot is,” Rocky replied walking toward the coffee pot the Captain kept in his office.
“Cigar...? The Captain said offering an open box to them both. “Okay, fire it up LJ. Rocky as you continue sipping on your java I’ll fill you both in on why I called you here this morning, but first let me tell you about ‘yesterday’.” 
For the next three hours, Captain Scarburg recalled the events of the past two weeks. He began with the meeting last Tuesday, the 20th of November. He explained how their alien friend Anhur had visited him in his office. LJ and Rocky were following the story until the part about the Parallel Universes was discussed.
“Whoa, hold on there, Captain,” said Rocky sitting up straight in his chair. “I’ve been to a state fair and two rodeos, and I’ve never heard anything this strange - Parallel Universes? Is this actually possible?
“Oh yeah, Rocky, not only is it possible, but I have proven it to be true. Just allow me to continue.”
The Captain told them about leaving the meeting and his trip to the cow pasture in Celina, Texas. He explained the sabotage of the computers, which caused him to arrive on Wednesday, November 20th instead of Friday, November 22, 1963. They sat mesmerized as he told about ‘stealing’ the red shirt and blue overalls. Both LJ and Rocky snickered as Captain Scarburg told about Clem and Penelope, and marveled about Jack Ruby being Clem’s uncle. Both were startled to learn about the Mafioso meeting at Ruby’s Carousel Club in Dallas.
They were astonished J.D. Tippit had been his jailer at the Dallas City Jail, and could not believe he left the assassination warning on the cell wall for Tippit. They sat on the edge of their chairs as the Captain told of watching the clock slip closer and closer to the 12:30 assassination time and he was still locked up in jail. Every step of the Captain’s adventure was greeted by questions and more questions by LJ or Rocky. After each explanation, he would return to his reminiscent of his past exploits.
His description of his last minute release from jail and his dash to the rooftop of the Texas School Book Depository had them in suspense. They hardly breathed listening to the Captain tell them about interrupting the first shot of one of the assassins and his rush down the fire escape and into Clem’s waiting car. He even included Anhur and his umbrella and the assassin escaping from the Grassy Knoll.
The escape back to Clem and Penelope’s ranch, the return to Pegasus and its subsequent repair was a nail-biting adventure. He did not fail to include the fact that anyone who had come into contact with him totally would forget him and whatever part they played in his strange adventure thirty minutes after Pegasus disappeared and returned to the present – 2012. The Captain ended his narration of his time-traveling adventure to Dallas, Texas with a summation of his meeting, upon his return, with Krista, Bud, Lou, Gabby, Spook, Tinker, Sam Lin and Si Lei.   
The time was approaching 2 p.m. The Captain had finished his briefing. He wouldn’t be pulling our leg, would he? Reasoned Lonnie Joe.
This cannot be real, thought Rocky.  The Captain is trying to get us to ‘bite’ on this story, but why?
“Captain,” said LJ. “I’ve heard my part of tall-tales, but I believe this one tops all others. This story surely wasn’t real, was it?”
“I agree,” Rocky remarked. “What are you trying to get us to do Captain? Why spin this elaborate wild adventure - why not just tell us what you have in mind?”
“Okay guys, I see your skepticism, but this was not a fanciful, fictional tale of my exploits. It was real in every aspect. I personally returned to the past, observed and performed everything I have told you this morning, but you are right in one respect. There are some things I need you two to accomplish. I have explained everything I did, but I left out one sad part of my story - it concerns Sam Lin and Si Lei. I sent them to Bangkok to dig up information on our laboratory director Mr. Ryan Rousseau, but their plane crashed somewhere over Russia and they are presumed dead!”
“Captain, you have never lied to us. And knowingly, you would not have sent them to Thailand if this were not the truth, we believe you. I for one,” said LJ, “with all my scientific background, do not even for a minute, comprehend what you have said, but if you say it is true I take you at your word. Just comprehend Captain, Rocky and I are with you. What do you want from us?”
“It’s close to two o’clock, I’m starving. I suggest we adjourn for lunch - I’m buying. When we get back I’ll fill you in on what I know about Sam Lin and Si Lei’s bad news, and I’ll lay out your mission, that is if you decide to take it.”
Getting to his feet LJ glanced toward Rocky, “I do not know about you Rocky, but I never refuse a meal, especially if someone else is buying.”
Grinning Rocky agreed.
The Captain pushed his chair back from his desk, stood up and motioned to LJ and Rocky. “Come on fellows, I know a new place that has the most fabulous seafood bar.” Before they could leave Krista summoned the Captain on his Personal Communicator.
“Captain, there is a call for you on line one.” 
“Sorry, Krissy, have them call back I’m taking LJ and Rocky to lunch right now.”
“But, Captain I believe you will want to take this call - it’s Si Lei!!”
“What? Si Lei, no... no... you mean they are not dead – what’s going on?”
“He is calling from Hong Kong.”
Picking up the phone, he answered, “Hello...! Si Lei...? Man we thought we had lost you and Sam Lin. Is he okay...?” For the next couple of minutes, the Captain conversed with his operative in Hong Kong. Concluding his call he turned to Lonnie Joe and Rocky. “Gentlemen, I had a mission all planned out for you, but that telephone call just proved Robert Burns was right - ‘the best laid plans of mice and men’. Things have changed. That phone call cleared up a lot of unanswered questions, but let’s go grab a bite, and I’ll have to talk to Sam Lin and Si Lei before I decide what you two need to do now. For the present, Krista has reserved you both suites at the Hilton Congress Inn. Relax for a couple of days and I’ll call when I have your new assignment finalized.” 
Opening his office door, the three walked into the outer office. “Let’s go eat!” 
As Lonnie Joe and Rocky closed Captain Scarburg’s door and walked by Krista’s office, she could not help but smile. Lonnie Joe and Jacque, now this was going to be good, she thought. 
The time was 1:30 p.m. Friday, November 30, 2012. 

Chapter Twenty-Nine
BANGKOK, THAILAND

The whine of the huge turbofan engines of the plane from Hong Kong had been silenced for only a brief couple of minutes when Sam Lin and Si Lei walked from the dim lights of the Gate C boarding walkway into the bright lights of the main terminal building. Exiting the jet bridge they entered into Concourse C at Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok, Thailand.
 The time was 6 a.m., Saturday, December 1, 2012. It had taken them a little over a week to reach Bangkok from their departure from New York on November the 23rd; however, they did not anticipate they would have to factor into their itinerary a crash landing in the frozen, snow covered, tundra of Russia; however, both Sam Lin and Si Lei were now willing and able to continue with the Captain’s mission: the investigation of Mr. Ryan Rousseau. 
Beige, light blue and red floor tiles echoed the sounds of their leather soles as they walked quickly across the floor of the main pavilion. They stopped briefly to plot their next movements under the Thai Pavilion in the center of the beautifully structured grand concourse. The momentary halt interrupted their haste to descend the escalator to the taxi stands on the lower level.
“Sam Lin, isn’t this a beautiful building, the ceiling reminds me of a spider’s giant web. What do you think?”
Looking around the room, Sam Lin responded, “Si Lei, I do not think beautiful is an extravagant enough word to describe this structure, but it looks just as majestic as it did the last time you and I left Bangkok, remember? But we must get on with our assignment. We need to get downstairs to street level, find a taxi and get over to CIA headquarters.” 
“Right you are brother, but I still have to say this place amazes me every time we pass through it.”
Before they had finished their conversation, Sam Lin noticed a tall, seductive looking woman approaching. Her hair was jet-black, shoulder length and the ends were cut straight as a ruler. It had a warm, glossy sheen like oil had been applied to it. She was fashionable dressed in a chic jacket with matching skirt, black high-heeled shoes and sunglasses. Sunglasses! Why dark glasses so early in the morning? Even above the hustle and bustle of Concourse C’s main terminal they could hear the sound of her heels clicking on the beautifully parqueted floor. 
As she approached the two Kim brothers, Sam Lin had the impression this stunning beauty must be from the U.S   Ambassador’s office. He reasoned she was sent as a guide – something the Captain surely must have arranged.
Reaching the two American’s she extended her hand, “Hello, you are Mr. Sam Lin Kim and Mr. Si Lei Kim? Your headquarters has requested my office assist you in any way we can.” I was right, thought Sam Lin, she is a liaison from the Ambassador’s office. “Do you mind? There is a cafe over there,” she said motioning to a number of secluded food courts to her right, “We need to talk in private before leaving.”
“Sure... I guess… okay,” Sam Lin replied puzzled. He and Si Lei followed the mysterious woman across the broad expanse of the grandiose concourse to a small Thai restaurant with the catchy name - Taste of Thai. Walking inside she selected a secluded table in a back corner and motioned toward the waiter. Holding up three fingers, she said, “Cha-dum-yen.” Turning to the two brothers she began to translate... “Hot — ”
“Hot tea, yes, we love it,” Sam Lin said finishing her sentence.
Mumbling to himself Si Lei said, “I don’t. I wonder if they have milkshakes?”
“Oh, I see you speak the Thai language.”
“No... well yes, Si Lei and I understand a few words.”

“CALL ME KAT”

The waiter brought three cups of the hot requested beverage. Removing the cup of tea from her lips she said placing the cup in her saucer, “Sorry, where are my manners? I am your connection with the Bangkok office of the Central Intelligence Agency. My name is Katrina Ryabov. People call me Kat - I have never understood if it is because of my name or because of my skills.”
Skills? Thought Sam Lin. What skills? Before he could formulate an answer to this intriguing though he blurted, “Forgive me for asking, but exactly what do you do? Miss... Mrs —”
“Just Kat – I am called Kat.”
“Okay... Kat, why are you being so secretive? Are we being watched?”
“Watched? Since you are in Bangkok seeking information on your “friend” then yes, “they” are probably watching.”
“Yes, wait, how did you comprehend we came here looking for someone?”
“From your Director. Obviously he has a great deal of political pull. The Director of the CIA instructed the European Director, who instructed the Thailand Field Office who talked to my station here in Bangkok to provide any and all assistance you two may need on our mutual acquaintance.”
 Without thinking Sam Lin asked, “Why? Why would the Agency be interested in our investigation of Ryan Rousseau?”
“Oh, I see, Ryan Rousseau, hmmm, you DON’T know anything about him?” she responded.
“No not much; however, Si Lei and I worked with him back in the late ‘60s. He was a supervisor helping us on a project, but we saw and heard nothing indicating he was nothing but red, white and blue through and through. Certainly nothing that would continue to interest the Agency. We believed at this late date anyone who had worked with him had long since retired. We were just hoping to find someone who still remembered him and could help us in any way possible.”
“Do you have an idea where he is now?” asked Kat.
“Yes, he currently works with SCAR, our facility, as the Chief of Experimental Design. He is due a promotion and our Director wants to make sure nothing in his past might damage the unit’s reputation. His new position would require him to testify before Congress and other high-level government agencies. Bottom line, we need to ‘just check him out’.”
It was getting late in the morning, luckily this terminal never closed; fortunately neither did the cafe in which they were sitting. The cafe’s interior was dimly lit. Sam Lin could see there were a couple of tables occupied as he and Si Lei talked to this mysterious woman. Kat, nervously, kept looking around the room. Who is she looking for, thought Sam Lin? Are the people at the other table intelligence agents sent to watch us? “Kat, you seem apprehensive. Are there people watching or following us?” Nervously she glanced over her shoulder, but did not bother to answer. Kat moved closer to the table, leaned over and softly spoke to the two brothers for the next few minutes, explaining the facts about Ryan Rousseau as she knew them. Sam Lin and Si Lei sat perplexed at the knowledge the CIA had on him. Why had they been so interested in him? Sam Lin and Si Lei thought he was just a low level supervisor in the immense Bangkok CIA complex. The CIA Bangkok Station was the post for the entire Southeast Asian region with hundreds and hundreds of analysts and operatives who worked all over the Asian domain; however, as large, and multifarious operation as the CIA had in Bangkok on the surface it appeared as an exemplary example of the American spy community.
In the next few minutes, Kat had painted an entirely different picture of the operation that took place at the CIA address on 126 Wireless Road, Bangkok, Thailand. The information she divulged, Sam Lin and Si Lei had never known existed, and they had worked in the same CIA building for over two years.
Clandestine cliques existed within the organization, which was common; however, one operation was so... so... detestable such a... a... nefarious affair even she was hesitant to talk about it. This was the world Ryan Rousseau had operated in, the man they had come thousands and thousands of miles to investigate.
Sam Lin, glanced suspiciously across the room toward the occupied table and quietly said to Kat, “I guess our examination of Mr. Rousseau has begun. Tell us about this... this... atrocious project Mr. Rousseau worked on. Can you provide us with its name?”
“Yes, gentlemen, I have its name, but once I divulge it, you will wish it had never been revealed to you. You must also remember, even though this project happened over forty years ago there are those still alive today who want this secret to stay buried. I use the word ‘buried’ literally. Those who have unknowingly found out about what I am about to divulge now reside in unmarked graves, in dark, secluded places in the dense forest as their reward. I want to tell you two beforehand, I wash my hands of any consequences resulting from my disclosure.”
Si Lei turned nervously to Sam Lin, “Brother, lets return to the U.S. and tell the Captain we were unable to find out anything about Ryan Rousseau. I’m afraid! Miss Kay... sounds... serious!”
“Mr. Kim, you are correct it is serious... DEAD... serious!”
“Come on brother, suck it up. We were given a job... an important job, we must trudge ahead and find the answers Captain Scarburg tasked us with. He is depending on us.”
“You continue, Sam Lin and let me dis-continue and go home. I don’t like the looks of this. I know... I just know... this is going to do nothing but get worse! I feel it in my bones. The hair on the back of my neck is telling me Death’s sharp sickle is somewhere on the horizon waiting for us. Sam Lin I don’t want my bones buried in a lonely, weed grown, unknown place in the dense forest.” 
“He’s just like that Miss... uh... Kat, pay no attention to him. Please continue. What was the name of this secret project?”
“It was called... I do not like to say the words —”
“Please Kat, the name...”
“MK-ULTRA.”
The time was 9:00 a.m. Saturday, December 1, 2012.

Chapter Thirty
MK-ULTRA

Placing his teacup in his saucer, Si Lei turning to Sam Lin anxiously said, “I told you Sam Lin, we need to go home... now...!! She is using that... that... word... I’m telling you this is just going to get worse. She used the word ‘ultra’ that means it’s not just going to be regular bad but really, really bad.”
“Kat, as I said, don’t pay any attention to Si Lei, this is just the way he is... he is very good at what he does, one of the best in the business, but tends to be a little irrational at times. It has no affect on his work, trust me when I tell you he’s a lot smarter than he sounds. But both Si Lei and I heard the name MK-ULTRA when we worked at CIA headquarters, but it was exceedingly hush-hush. What is this secret project MK-ULTRA?”
Slipping even closer, Kat whispered, “MK-ULTRA is like an onion – as you peel the layers off you will expose your senses to the brutal reality of the objects interior. You want to know? Well it’s your funeral!”
“See I told you Sam Lin, ‘funeral’ that’s the same as ‘death’, I’m totally against both of those. I’m telling you, let’s go home!”
“Please be quiet Si Lei, go on Kat...”
“Okay if you insist - Project MK-ULTRA, was the stealthy name for a black-ops, illegal CIA program using human subjects for experimentation. The CIA’s Office of Cerebral Information and Intelligence (CII) managed it. The man on whom you are seeking info - Doctor Ryan Rousseau - was the Chief of this detestable, underground operation!
“I managed to find out Dr. Rousseau’s father was the infamous German Nazi Dr. Josef Mengele. Your Ryan Rousseau came by his job honestly since his father had tortured Jewish children, Gypsy children and many others during the war. "Patients" were put into pressure chambers, tested with drugs, castrated, frozen to death, and exposed to various other traumas, all in the name of Nazi “science”. Mengele himself injected chemicals into the eyes of children in an attempt to change their eye color. Unfortunately a strict veil of secrecy over the experiments enabled Mengele to do his work more effectively; however close to the end of the war his records were sent to Dr. Von Verschiers at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute at Heidelberg in two truckloads and were supposedly destroyed by the latter, but the OSS, which is now the CIA saved those records. Those records became the core for the CII experiments. After the war Dr. Josef Mengele escaped to South America and changed his name to Helmut Gerhart. He died in 1979. His son became Ryan Rousseau, believing Rousseau sounded less German than his father’s atrocious Mengele name.”
“Kat, this cannot be true. SCAR did a complete Top Secret background check on Rousseau and found no mention of Josef Mengele; in fact, his father, Paul Rousseau was supposedly a second-generation immigrant from France.”
“Remember we are dealing with the CIA - they can do, change or completely fabricate anything. The U.S. government, utilizing this same CIA, began working with human subjects in the early 1950s, and they continued, at least through the early 1970s. The test subjects were from various countries; however, most were citizens of the United States. A few were Russian, and some were even U.S. Army and Marine military personnel.
“I have been working within the CIA on this covert operation for many years now, and I can tell you MK-ULTRA used a host of different methods to alter or control individual brain functions of test subjects. In doing so they were attempting to manipulate their mental state.”
Sam Lin interjected, “Kat how were they doing this?”
“The CIA dispensed many kinds of psychedelic chemicals and drugs, both legal and illegal, to their victims. Sometimes hypnotism was used, at other times they used sensory deprivation, or they might place the subject in isolation or inflict them with verbal or sometimes sexual abuse. The CIA operatives were not beyond the use of torture to achieve their goals either.”
“That sounds like mind control. Is that what you’re talking about?”
“Mind control was exactly what they were trying to achieve - a real life edition of The Manchurian Candidate. In fact, this book may have been the catalyst for some genius in the CIA wanting to begin this clandestine program.”
“Were they ever successful?” asked Si Lei. “I sure would have hated to have been one of their test subjects.”
“If the CIA had used you Si Lei,” said Sam Lin, “they would have abandoned the program before it ever got started - remember the program is called ‘mind control’, you would have been dropped as an unsuccessful subject. There would have found nothing to control,” still chuckling he slapped Si Lei on the shoulder. 
“Funny, Sam Lin, funny, you need to get a comedy act,” Si Lei said angrily crossing his arms.
“Kat, I have a couple of questions, first - was the program successful and when did it REALLY end?”
“We believe in a few cases it was successful, but, in most others, the results could be described as disastrous.” She continued by explaining the investigation she had been involved in for the past couple of years. In a number of cases, she said, the CIA believes some test subject were not even aware, and certainly without their consent, were injected with dangerous drugs. In fact, she said, “in the mid nineteen fifties Dr. Fred Osborn, a biochemist and biological weapons researcher and Chief of the U. S. Army’s Special Operations Division at Fort Detrick, Maryland ingested LSD without his knowledge or consent as part of an experiment administered by the CIA. He died under suspicious circumstances a week later.” 
Continuing she said, “The CIA concluded Dr. Osborn had been suffering from severe schizophrenic madness when he leaped from the fourteenth floor of a New York hotel in 1958. Another doctor had been assigned to watch Dr. Osborn, but he said he had been asleep and did not see him jump. The CIA declared his death had been a suicide. The other doctor, also a Russian defector, was held responsible for Dr. Osborn’s death. The CIA reprimanded him, kept him from future promotions, and ultimately in the early part of 1960 he also jumped from the upper floor of an apartment building and committed ‘suicide’.” 
“Are you suggesting the CIA might have been involved in Dr. Osborn’s death? What would be their motive?”
With the mention of death, Si Lei set his cup down, turned and stared directly at Kat and said, “I believe Osborn was pushed.” Looking, one could have seen the fear in Si Lei’s eyes. “Home, Sam Lin we need to drop this investigation and go home.”
“Surprising you said pushed Mr. Kim, Dr. Osborn had been personally involved with MK-ULTRA and knew all the CIA secrets. We believe the Company had decided he had become a security risk and might divulge the sinister secrets associated with this highly classified illegal, covert operation. Especially since he had personal knowledge of some of the people involved. The strange thing... in the mid-nineties, his body was exhumed, and a complete, independent autopsy was performed. The pathologists found Dr. Osborn had sustained severe blunt force injuries to his head before he hit the street fourteen floors below. They ruled the death was a homicide. He had been murdered before someone threw him out the hotel window a hundred and forty feet above the cold, hard cement of the sidewalk below.” 
“You mean this all went on, and no one in our government knew about it?”
She then explained how the U.S. Congress personally got involved in the middle of the ‘70s with an investigation. This investigation became known as the Church Committee. Even the President got involved and formed another group of investigators known as the Rockefeller Commission. Kat further told them how the CIA Director, Richard Hellams in 1973 ordered all the MK-ULTRA records destroyed. At least, she said the Director thought he had erased all the evidence linking the CIA with such a despicable program.
Pausing for a second she asked, “I’m sorry, but would you mind if I smoked? We have been sitting here sipping tea and talking for quite a long time. I believe if I do not get a cigarette I am going to have a nicotine tantrum.”
“You mean ‘nicotine fit’?”
“Yes, of course, ‘fit’. What must I be thinking? Yes, a nicotine fit.” Before receiving an answer, she pulled a box of cigarettes, along with an exquisite gold lighter, from the clutch she had taken from her purse. With a flip of her thumb, she opened the lid on the box, removed an un-filtered cigarette and touched lighter flame to the end. Sucking in a lung-full of smoke she slowly exhaled the blue mist back into the air, “Hmmm, yes,” she said. “Gentlemen, would you excuse me for a moment... I need to go to the ladies room and powder my nose.” Sliding back from the table, she arose and walked across the restaurant to one of the restrooms located in the rear. The rhythmic taping of her heels reminded them of their initial meeting a few hours earlier at the Thai Pavilion.
Sam Lin was watching her every move as she walked. Si Lei snickered, “Like what you see, huh?”
“What?” Sam Lin absentmindedly answered, still engrossed in watching her go around the screen separating the restroom from the main seating area. “No! Si Lei... well yes, she is beautiful, but something is not right. I have a feeling she’s not being entirely truthful.”
“What do you mean Sam Lin? She is our contact here in Bangkok. She is CIA, what is wrong with you Sam Lin?”
“Okay, look at the box of cigarettes lying there in her open purse. It is a pack of Sobranies. That particular brand is Russian and is called ‘Black Russian’. Look the box is black with gold foil. Notice it is emblazoned with the Russian imperial eagle. Sam Lin, I remember these smokes, they are expensive Russian cigarettes made especially for the Russian taste.”
“Just because she likes, what did you call them, Black Russians, doesn’t mean anything. We lived here for awhile, I bet lots of people smoke that brand.”
“You’re right but what about the purse of hers. How many American women have you ever seen go to the restroom without taking their purse? Especially to freshen their makeup, none I tell you, N-O-N-E,” he said spelling the word. “In fact, American women will not go anywhere without their purse. It’s like leaving an arm behind. They always, and I mean always take it along. She left it as if she had forgotten it. Si Lei it is as if she had not been used to carrying it.”
“What are you thinking Sam Lin?”
“Nothing, she says she is CIA, and I suppose she is, but we never saw an identity badge or anything, just her word, and another thing, what about the nicotine thing? Everyone who smokes has said at least a million times, ‘I’m having a nicotine fit’. She doesn’t seem to be the person she says she is, but she has been giving us a lot of good information and — ”
Softly Si Lei whispered, “Sssh, she is returning.”
“I’m sorry, gentlemen. Where were we? Forgive me – I have monopolized the whole conversation. Let me rest for a moment, drink my tea and allow you to tell me exactly what you both expect to find in Bangkok?”
“Earlier you said our Director had greased the tracks for our visit. You further stated you knew we were here to look for information on a man named Ryan Rousseau. Mr. Rousseau was our boss. What exactly did Director Scarburg divulge of our mission?”
“Nothing much more than the subject Ryan Rousseau. Why are you so interested in him? Fill me in. What exactly is SCAR? What does the acronym mean? What is SCAR’s mission? How long has Mr. Rousseau worked for SCAR? Where is SCAR’s headquarters? What does Mr. Rousseau’s work entail? 
“Whoa... whoa... Kat, I thought the CIA would have already had the answers to all those questions — ”
Before Sam Lin could complete his sentence, Kat interrupted, “Yes, yes we do, I did not read the whole file. I only became aware of your arrival just an hour or so before your plane landed. Sorry for all the questions.”
The more she talked the more suspicious Sam Lin became. Si Lei started to answer Kay’s questions when Sam Lin turned to him and said, “Si Lei, excuse me, but remember you told your wife you would call her at precisely midnight.”
“What.... my wife?” Questioned Si Lei.
“Look at the time, it is 1:55 p.m. Saturday afternoon in Bangkok that means it is 11:55 p.m. Friday night back in the states. You only have a couple of minutes, come let’s walk outside the café for better reception. Excuse us for a couple of minutes Kat, Si Lei’s wife is rather demanding.” 
Grabbing Si Lei by the coat sleeve he pulled him to his feet and pushed him toward the open expanse of the concourse. All the time Si Lei was trying to resist the rough treatment he was getting.
Stepping from the doorway into the stream of passengers, airport personnel and tourists scurrying up and down the concourse Si Lei jerked his arm from the grasp of Sam Lin and angrily demanded, “Brother! What in the heck are you trying to get me to do? I can’t call a wife I don’t have!” 
“Si Lei I had to get you alone – I’m telling you this woman is no CIA agent. Her true identify is unknown, but we must be careful and not divulge any more information than we have to. Just leave the talking to me. I believe I can handle her. Get your cell phone and call Captain Scarburg at home. Ask him whom he talked to in the CIA or the FBI and find out if he has ever heard of a woman named Katrina Ryabov. Tell the Captain we are on a hot lead, and will get back to him as soon as we have something concrete to report.”
Speaking quietly to the Captain, Si Lei finished his telephone conversation with his “wife,” turned to Sam Lin and whispered, “Sam Lin, the Director said he tried to speak to the FBI Chief of the Legats at the U.S. Embassy here in Bangkok, but the Chief was away on Embassy business. He could do nothing but leave a message with his secretary to be given to the Embassy Chief on his return. He only informed the Legat Chief we were coming and asked if they would provide assistance in the investigation of Ryan Rousseau. He was unfamiliar with Katrina Ryabov, and had never spoken with the CIA chief.” 
“Sam Lin, remind me again, what is a Legat?”
“The FBI does not have separate offices in foreign countries, they must work out of the U.S. Embassy, and as such their offices are called ‘Legal Attachés’ or ‘Legats’.” 
After a couple of minutes, standing in the cafe door way with Si Lei talking to his “wife” the two brothers re-entered the restaurant and returned to the table where Kat was exhaling the blue smoke from yet another cigarette.
“Everything okay at home? She said flicking the ashes into an ornate ashtray sitting on their table. 
“Okay Miss Kat, Mrs. Ryabov or whoever you are. The game is up! We have just talked with our Director, and we have been informed that you are not a CIA agent! Is this correct?” Sam Lin demanded.
“Sam Lin the Director did not — ” Si Lei said trying to tell Sam Lin the Director did not say anything about Katrina Ryabov, except he had never heard of her.
“I know... I know Si Lei,” Sam Lin said cutting off Si Lei, “the Director said Kay Ryabov was definitely not an operative for the CIA. Was he lying Miss Who-ever-you-are?”
Shamefully, Miss Ryabov sat with her head bowed. Tears were beginning to form as she began to speak, “No... no he was telling the truth!! I am not a CIA agent, it is true, but I do work for the FBI; whoever, I am not an agent. It was I whom your Director spoke to when he called to speak with my boss the Legal Attaché’s Chief. I am merely his secretary, I took the note saying you both were coming to Bangkok to investigate Ryan Rousseau.” 
“Why? Why Miss Ry....”
“No, as I said, please call me Kat... Katrina Sokolov is my real name, but I have always used Kat.”
“Why Miss Sokolov (still being formal), did you try to deceive us? What did you hope to gain?”
“Gentlemen, I know you will not believe what I am going to tell you, but I swear by all that is holy, it is the truth.” For the next hour or so she explained how her grandfather Dr. Joseph Rusnak, a Russian by birth had surrendered to the American army close to the end of World War II. The American Office of Strategic Services, the OSS, at first, did not utilize his medical skills and only used him as an interpreter. He did this job, thanklessly, until the war ended at which time the U.S. officials made a decision – to return him to Russian. Before they sent him back to Russian, they discovered he was a highly trained Psychiatrist. Not only did he have a Doctorate in Psychiatry but he was schooled in the field of Psychoanalysis also.
“They realized his field of study included understanding psychoanalytic therapy that relied on patterns of both conscious and unconscious feelings and thoughts. The OSS also understood his goal of treatment was to make the unknown known so the patient could begin to recognize patterns of thinking, feeling and behavior, which was no longer relevant to their life situation. As a Psychoanalysis, he usually dealt with emotional issues affecting the mind and the patient’s well being. His skill as a Psychiatrist dealt with the treatment of mental, emotional, or behavioral problems of his patients.”
“Sam Lin? Didn’t the OSS later become the CIA?” Si Lei asked.
“Yes, Si Lei, very true.”
“Do you see why my grandfather was a perfect choice for a project like MK-ULTRA?”
“Yes, very interesting, go on Miss Sokolov.”
“MK-ULTRA had not yet begun when the OSS assigned him duties in the mind-control research, but it wasn’t too many years until that black-ops program began officially. Grandfather was enthusiastic and grateful to be employed in a field allowing him to use his formal training; however, at first his work was theoretical but later they forced him to employ his research on real human subjects. His enthusiasm turned to disappointment as he realized the harm he and others in the MK-ULTRA program were doing to their test subjects.
“At first he went along with his, then OSS, superiors, but he became more and more disillusioned with his and the other doctor’s work. Finally, he made up his mind: the mind-control method using both legal and illegal drugs, and chemicals on their subjects was morally wrong. He was opposed to using hypnotism, sensory deprivation, verbal or sometimes sexual abuse, and totally against the use of torture to achieve the OSS/CIA mind-altering goals.
“As you can imagine his meeting with his superiors did not go well, and as you can further guess, it did not end well either. As you might have surmised by now, there never was a Doctor Fred Osborn. I made him up - Doctor Fred Osborn was the name I used for my grandfather Doctor Joseph Rusnak!! The CIA murdered him!”
“Okay,” said Sam Lin. “Now I am beginning to see the picture. Now, tell us how you got involved.”
“My mother was twelve years old when Grandfather was murdered. She never got over his death - she died right after I was born. I was born in 1984, and Mama died in 1985. My Father sent me to the United States to live with my aunt, I never saw my Papa again.”
“Dog-gone-it, Sam Lin, that’s the same year we were born!”
“Yes Si Lei you are correct, go on Kat.”
“The Agency killed my grandfather and indirectly caused the early death of my mother, and I don’t know, they may have killed my Father also, so I was raised without the benefit of love from any of them. Once I got of age I determined I was going to avenge all of their deaths.”
“Avenge or revenge?”
“Revenge, if you want to call it, I prefer to call it “Justice”. I obtained a Major in Criminal Justice and Minor in Foreign Languages. After graduation, I obtained a job with the FBI in Washington. I wanted to work as an Office Manager, not a Special Agent. I thought I would have a better opportunity to dig into the FBI records without drawing attention to myself in an office position. After a few years in Washington, I requested a transfer to Bangkok. With my knowledge of the local language, I was able to land a position in the Chief’s office of the Legal Attaché.”
“All right Kat, I believe we are all on the same page now. Tell us more.”
“Okay, as I have already said, I found out Ryan Rousseau was Chief of the Office of Cerebral Information and Intelligence. I also found out the CII section was just another name for MK-ULTRA. Rousseau was the man I was after, but after he had left Bangkok, I was never able to find out where he went because his file was sealed. That is, not until your boss gave me his name in his telephone call to my boss saying you both were coming over here seeking information on him. I devised my charade hoping to find out more about that devil Rousseau. That was the reason for my prying into your business. I thought if I pretended to be a CIA agent you might divulge more information to me.” 
“Thank you... thank you Kat for being honest with us. I believe Si Lei will agree, working together will be beneficial to both our causes. Let me say, we weren’t at all honest and up front with you either – Ryan Rousseau is not up for a promotion in our SCAR organization. He is the Chief of the Experimental Design Division in our Washington headquarters, that is a fact, and he has been there since SCAR was formed in the late ‘60s. Our Director Robert Scarburg, the one you talked to believes Mr. Rousseau tried to kill him, and he further believes Rousseau is a “mole,” his only question is - a mole for whom? And he would like to know for what reason? Our Director also believes MK-ULTRA may provide the answers. Kat could I ask you a question?”
“Certainly, anything to help.”
“Do you have any proof of your grandfather’s involvement with the MK-ULTRA project? Especially proof that the OSS or CIA was involved.”
“Yes I do. I have a leather satchel full of my grandfather’s papers in a storage locker at my condo. I have read a lot of his notes, but my main emphasis was to find Mr. Rousseau. If I could have found Rousseau, I was going to expose him for the fiend he is. I wanted to put him to shame - yes, I wanted to make him hurt like I have hurt all my life. I had even imagined I would kill him when I found the hole he was hiding in.”
“Kat, would it be possible for us to see those documents? You were taking a look at Rousseau in connection with MK-ULTRA, we have a new set of eyes, which might see something you missed.”
“It is getting late – if you both will allow, I will take you to my condo and you can search through Grandfather’s papers. As you both look through the satchel I will prepare dinner - how does a good, hot, home cooked, meal sound?”
For the first time in the last couple of hours, Si Lei heard something he liked, “Food!! Yes, sounds great to me.”
The time was 4:45 p.m. Saturday, December 1, 2012.

KAT’S CONDO 2B

Leaving the Bangkok International Airport in Kat’s Cadillac STS-V8 Si Lei could not stop complimenting her about how cool her automobile was. “Si Lei please be quite,” said Sam Lin, “you’re embarrassing Ms. Sok... Sok... uh... Kat.”
“No, it’s okay. It is a nice car. I bought it from an FBI employee who was being transferred back to the U.S. I got it at a great bargain; otherwise, I would not have able to afford it.”
  As Si Lei rubbed his hand across the soft, black leather seats, they continued to drive north until Miss Sokolov reached Highway Seven. A left turn, then thirty-four kilometers and forty-five minutes later they pulled into the parking lot of the Tiboon Condo Town cluster of townhouses. Her apartment building was an attractive, European style, eighteen unit, three-floor complex designed for the foreign clientele working in Bangkok.
Opening the driver’s door she stepped down to the asphalt pavement of the parking lot, remarking, “I’m on the 2nd floor, apartment 2B. The storage lockers are in the basement. I use locker 3B also since the apartment above me is being renovated. The locker space is unused, so what they don’t know doesn’t hurt them, right? I need the extra storage. Well actually, renovate, may be a stretch,” she continued. “The construction has been going on for two years, and it is still not completed. The workmen evidently work on their own peculiar Thailand time schedule.”
The three walked up the sidewalk to the entrance, “Please push the buzzer for my apartment. Malita, my roommate will buzz us in.”
Once... twice... three times Si Lei pressed the apartment button labeled ‘2B’. There was no response – there was no ‘buzz’ to open the locked main entrance door. “I don’t understand, today is Saturday? Malita does not work on the weekend. She should be here. I wonder why she will not ‘buzz’ us in? Hold on, I’ll get my key to open the door.”
Apartment 2B was the apartment on the right at the first landing. The door was slightly ajar. Kat and Si Lei were motioned to stop by Sam Lin as he slowly pushed on the white painted, steel, supposedly, burglarproof door with his foot. Swinging open the door a few inches allowed him to see inside, it was dark; the lights were off.
A pungent smell from inside the apartment drifted to his nose. Sam Lin cocked his head and sniffed again. He had smelled this nauseous odor before - it was easy to recognize - Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia... death has the same repugnant stench in every country. He was sorry to say he remembered it remarkably well from each of these places. As operatives for the Company, both he and Si Lei had been assigned numerous missions in and out of all these countries during the Vietnam War where Death accompanied them as their constant companion.
“Please stay out here Kat - come on Si Lei,” pushing open the door the two men were standing in a once fashionably furnished and decorated apartment’s living room. Now it was a shamble. Furniture was askew, couch pillows had been thrown in all directions; slits had been cut in the seat cushions. The end table drawers and all their contents had been dumped unceremoniously onto the floor. Trash and the remains of furniture were strewn everywhere.
“Looks like someone was searching for something?” Si Lei said, kicking some of the debris aside on the floor.
“What gave you the first clue Sherlock?” replied Sam Lin sarcastically.
Switching on the lights he turned to the open entranceway, and motioned for Kat to enter. “Did you tell anyone you were meeting us last night?”
“No!! No one... I wouldn’t tell... oh, but wait!”
“What? Who did you tell?”
“I talked to Malita last night before I left to go to the airport.”
Placing his index finger to his lips, he whispered to Kat, “Shhh, stay close, we don’t know who might still be in here.” Motioning to Si Lei, “Let’s check the rest of the condo.”
The apartment only had a den, kitchen, bathroom and two bedrooms. The kitchen area was separated from the living room by a bar and a couple of stools. Their view into this space was unhampered. They could see the cabinets had been searched, and the drawer content of spoons, knives and forks were scattered across the floor. Coffee, sugar and flour had been haphazardly dumped on top of this mess, but Malita was nowhere to be seen.
The next room was the bath - the door was slightly open. Cautiously peeking around the door Sam Lin could see the small room was also empty; however, it had been given the same rough treatment as the living room and kitchen. Kat’s door to her bedroom was shut. Tiptoeing they approached the tightly closed door. Sam Lin pressed his finger to his lips again, softly counting, “One, two, three...,” he quickly swung open the door - empty! The clothes and other items in the closet had been tossed aimlessly onto the overturned bed. The room, like the rest of the apartment, was a total mess.
Only one room remained - Malita’s bedroom - its door was also shut. Quietly the three crept closer... ever so closer. Sam Lin was at the door. Si Lei was hugging so close to his back Sam Lin could feel the heat from Si Lei’s breath; Kat, almost as close to Si Lei was bringing up the rear; using his handkerchief from his pocket Sam Lin grasped the cold handle. Even through the cloth his sweat from the palm of his hand made the door handle feel as though the steel handle had been retrieved from a refrigerator. He instinctively jerked his hand away. He had a dreadful feeling in the pit of his stomach. He did not want to open this door, but he knew he must. Slowly he forced his hand to turn the stainless steel handle.
As the door swung open a couple of inches the smell he had first detected at the front entry was now overpowering. Its nauseating scent overwhelmed his senses. The smell was coming from this room! He could not see inside. It was dark, the lights were out, and the curtains at the small window were drawn tightly shut. He was glad the room was dark he could feel a gnawing, sickening feeling in his gut. His gut was saying he did not want to see what was waiting inside. Knowing the situation was not going to improve he cautiously opened the door wider - the bright light from the living room partially illuminated the dark interior of the bedroom.
Sitting in a straight chair, arms and legs bound with grey, duct tape was a limp body - moving closer Kay screamed from the bedroom door, “ It’s Malita!!” Blood from a hole in Malita’s right temple matted her blonde hair together. It had slowly seeped down her shoulder, dripped across her body and puddled into a sticky, red, gelatinous puddle on the floor. Blowflies seeking the syrupy goo could be heard buzzing within the room’s confines. Cuts and bruises were evident around her face. A trickle of blood had dried at the edge of her mouth. One eye had been totally swollen shut. It was quite apparent she had been horrendously tortured and savagely, beaten lifeless.
“Is she... is she — ” 
“Dead? Yes, mercifully, she is dead.”
At the word ‘dead’, a loud gasp was heard from the bedroom door, and a harsh refrain of sobs coming from Kat. “No... no... she cannot be dead!!”
Sam Lin hurried back to Kat, clutched her by the shoulders and said as he tightly embraced her, “I know, I know.” Giving her a comforting pat on the back he continued,  “I’m sorry... deeply sorry.”
In a few minutes, Kat had regained her composure. Between sobs and sniffles she kept repeating, “It’s all my fault. It’s all my fault.” 
Sam Lin and Si Lei had been sitting with her until the shock of Malita’s death subsided, Sam Lin finally asked, “Okay Kat, I hate to ask, but a couple of questions - how did you know when we would arrive? And what did you tell Malita? Did she know about your father’s papers?”
“I don’t believe I mentioned the two of you to her, but your Director gave me your arrival information. It was on the note I left for my boss. As far as I can recall I do not think I told Malita where I was going. She and I talked about many private things; it’s possible I might have explained whom you were, and you were coming to Bangkok to investigate Ryan Rousseau. In fact, I believe I did mention your arrival – and I know one thing that I will never forgive myself for, she and I talked about my father’s papers and his satchel, but I never told her it was hidden in the basement.”
“Kat, why would you be so trustful of your roommate? Had you two been friends for a long time?”
Kat started by explaining her arrival back in Bangkok. Over the years a friend of her grandfather, who also worked for the Company, had keep in contact with her, as she grew older. In a letter, he mentioned if she ever returned to Bangkok she might want to seek out a CIA employee named Malita Smith and he provided Malita’s address. He told Kat she might want to find Malita since Malita’s mother had worked for the CIA at the same time as her grandfather Dr. Rusnak. When she got to Bangkok she sought out Malita. There was an immediate bond between the two and eventually they leased this apartment together, but as far as Kat could determine Malita’s mother had never disclosed anything about Ryan Rousseau or MK-ULTRA. Even though Malita had nothing to add which shed light on her grandfather’s murder the two of them had become close friends. She was beginning to tell Sam Lin and Si Lei more about her friendship with Malita when the conversation was interrupted by a phone ringing somewhere in the apartment.
“Where’s that phone...?
“That is Malita’s cell phone. It’s her ringtone. Sounds like it’s coming from over there next to the wall - underneath that pile of books pulled from the bookshelf.”
Sam Lin grabbed the books and began tossing them aside frantically searching for the ringing phone. “Hel... Hello,” he said placing it to his ear.
A disguised, computer generated voice on the other end replied, “Leave Bangkok, leave now! There is nothing for you here... both of you go home... now!! If you do not, it could be a deadly mistake…  Your last... I repeat... deadly mistake!!” Before Sam Lin could respond, the connection was terminated.
“Who was it Sam Lin?”
“It certainly wasn’t the Bangkok welcoming committee. We need to contact the police, but before we do I would like to see those papers in the basement. I’m almost sure the people making the phone call were the same ones who slipped in here and killed your friend and ransacked your apartment. Kat, I believe they were trying to find your grandfather’s papers. Once the police arrive they will confiscate everything, and we will never get a look at Dr. Rusnak’s work.”
“Okay, I understand. All of Grandfather’s papers are in a large, brown, leather satchel stored in the basement. They are not in my 2B locker I put them in locker 3B. Come I will show you.”

THE BASEMENT

Leaving the apartment they bounded down the stairs toward the basement. Taking two steps at a time, they hurried as fast as humanly possible. Fortunately they did not encounter anyone on the way down. Opening the door to the storage room they were greeted by a musty, odor suggestive of mold and mildew. The room was cold, damp and un-inviting. Surveying the room they could see one side was full of grey, steel lockers with large three inch high apartment numbers on the doors – each apartment was entitled to one locker and one caged storage area – the lessee provided their own locks and keys.
Across from the row of lockers was Kay’s small, chain link enclosed storage area. It was large enough to hold her big, bulky items if need be, but at the current time it only contained a small kitchen table and a couple of chairs. They walked to the storage locker numbered 2B. The lock had been cut, but the lock still held the hasp closed. Since the contents of Kat’s locker were strewn about the floor, they did not bother to look inside. They were interested in the leather briefcase in 3B. To the left and a couple of lockers down was the locker they were seeking – 3B. It seemed to be undisturbed. Kat provided the key to the lock. Sam Lin un-locked the locker door and removed a large, brown, leather satchel. 
There was a light in Kat’s wire cage across from the storage lockers on the right side of the room. Sam Lin, Si Lei and Kat opened the chain-link gate, went inside and sat the satchel on the table. The single overhead seventy-five watt bulb provided ample illumination to see inside and reveal the contents of Doctor Joseph Rusnak’s satchel. Freeing the strap binding the bag, Sam Lin could see a number of manila folders.
As he reached inside to get the first folder, Kat mentioned she wanted to see what the ransackers had done to her own 2B locker. Engrossed in the contents of the leather bag Sam Lin casually motioned Kay toward the gate. She swung the gate open, closed it, and walked back toward her own apartment’s locker. They had passed her 2B locker on the way from the door to 3B. Standing in front of 2B she fumbled to remove the cut lock from the ring holding the latch. After one or two attempts, the lock snapped out, she removed it from the hasp. The screech of the metal hinges could be heard as she slowly began to open the steel door... A metallic ‘click’ was heard...
“What the...” she never got to finish... the explosion which followed was the most ear-splitting imaginable. The building shook. Debris, dust and smoke instantly filled the room. The deafening blast hit Sam Lin and Si Lei as they were bowed over examining the contents of the satchel. Blown to the concrete floor they were immediately covered with dust and other debris. Some of the matter defied description. Many of the bits and pieces appeared to be flesh and bone, and most were covered with blood. The only thing that saved them from the horrific blast was the wire cage - it stopped the deadly pieces of steel and metal from hitting them directly. 
Getting up from the floor, Sam Lin could faintly see through the haze of pink dust and smoke, and what remained of the once beautiful Katrina Sokolov. It was an understatement to say locker 2B had been booby-trapped by a powerful bomb; there wasn’t much left to see of her or the locker. By the sound of the explosion and the tell-tell faint scent of almonds filling the air Sam Lin recognized the signature of the explosive C-4. He also knew C-4 was a military explosive; it was not available to the civilian market; however, something the CIA would have ready access to.
“Are you okay?” Sam Lin asked, grabbing Si Lei by his arm and dragging him to his feet.
“Huh, huh, what did you say?” said Si Lei, shaking his head as he jarred it with his hand in a futile attempt to clear his hearing.
“ARE...YOU...ALL...RIGHT...? He said again louder and slower. His own ears were ringing so loudly he could not tell how loud he was talking.
“Kat?” Said Si Lei. “Did you say Kat? Sam Lin I think what is left of her is over there,” pointing toward the mangled human form lying where locker 2B previously sat.
“I said RIGHT! RIGHT!! Si Lei, not Kat! Oh, forget it, come on Brother.”
Sam Lin grabbed the brown satchel, crammed the folders back inside, pushed open what was left of their protective chain link cage door, and staggered through the dust and smoke towards Kat’s body where he fell on his knees beside her twisted and mangled body. Looking at her, he could tell the search for a pulse would be useless; however, a tiny breath of life remained. She was trying to say something. Bending over, Sam Lin gently wiped the blood from her lips and placed his ear close to her mouth; he slowly nodded his head, “Yes... sure... you got it.” There was nothing they could do, she breathed a couple more shallow breaths and then went limp - she was dead.
“What did she say Sam Lin?”
“She whispered, ‘Rousseau... get him...get him... for... me...”
Her purse had been blown against the wire cage opposite her body - there wasn’t much left of it, but he did manage to find her car keys, “Come on Si Lei we have to get out of here. The Bangkok police will hold us for days, if not weeks, for questioning.”
As they limped out the front door, they mingled with the crowd of people trying to flee the scene of the explosion along with the curious who had gathered to see what the explosion was all about.
The time was 7:00 p.m., Saturday, December 1, 2012.

DEATH ON THE HIGHWAY

Getting into Kat’s Cadillac they sped away from the Tiboon Condo Town parking lot without trying to attract any attention. They were successful; at least for the moment they thought they were.
Sam Lin drove to Highway Seven, turned right onto the on-ramp and within a minute or so was in the left lane maintaining the same speed as other vehicles on the eight-lane divided expressway.
Sam Lin, busy watching the roadway ahead, did not notice the imposing black, Mercedes-Benz sedan swiftly moving up from behind. For a couple of miles, the Mercedes matched their speed but remained close to their rear bumper. Suddenly, the Mercedes darted forward to parallel them in the right lane. If Sam Lin or Si Lei had looked to their right, they would have seen the passenger window being lowered on the mysterious black automobile. In Thailand driving is conducted in the left lane and most automobiles have the steering wheel located on the right side. Kat’s Cadillac had been shipped over from the U.S., and its steering wheel was on the normal American left side. Si Lei was wide awake and trying to ride shotgun for Sam Lin. Something caught his eye and he glanced out his side window just in time to see a passenger in the Mercedes slide the barrel of an imposing, black, automatic assault rifle out the window.
If Si Lei had not been wide-awake he was now, he yelled, “Sam Lin AK-47!! Look out!! Look out!! A man in this car is aiming a machine gun at us!!”
Sam Lin without hesitation pushed the accelerator to the floor. The speed limit on the expressway was one hundred twenty kilometers per hour or roughly seventy miles miles per hour. The Cadillac’s 469 horsepower V8 engine almost instantly propelled them to a speed in excess of 100 miles per hour. The Mercedes was not to be outdone - its driver did likewise. The speed increased – 110... 115... 120... at 130 mph Sam Lin would not risk a glance down at the ever increasing numbers on his speedometer; however, ahead on the side of the highway, he saw two signs, one in Thai and one in English. The English version read: 

WARNING
CONSTRUCTION AHEAD
LEFT LANE ONLY

At the exact instant that Sam Lin saw the warning sign, a tremendous flash of brilliant, white light blinded him for a second. “What the... what was that white light Si Lei?”
“I don’t know brother, but I think someone set off a giant flashbulb! I’m still seeing spots in front of my eyes.”
Evidently whatever caused the flash of light that blinded Sam Lin also obscured the vision of the black Mercedes causing it to miss seeing the warning sign. It plowed into a parked piece of highway machinery that had been blocking the inside right lanes. Sam Lin could see, from his rearview mirror, the fire combining with the black and blue smoke bellowing from the inferno. No one could have survived that crash, he thought. Fortunately it was Saturday, and no highway workmen were on the expressway repair site.
Needless to say, Sam Lin and Si Lei did not stop to offer assistance. 
As they sped away from the wreckage, Sam Lin ventured one last glance into his rear-view mirror. What he saw was an unbelievable sight - standing on their side of the tangled mess of wreckage watching them speed away was a diminutive person dressed in a brown overcoat. But what startled Sam Lin the most was... was... the little guy’s hat - an old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat.
In less than forty-five minutes, they pulled into the parking lot of the International Airport. Still shaken from the previous experiences they found an empty parking space between two other vehicles. Parked among the other cars they became inconspicuous to anyone passing by. Looking toward the sky, Sam Lin uttered, “Thank you God for fast cars, big bulldozers and old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hats.”
“Amen,” refrained Si Lei.
“Si Lei, are you injured? No...? Good, I am not either... just scratches and bruises from the apartment explosion. Thank goodness for the steel wire cage. What? Oh, your ears? Yeah, mine too... I hope the ringing will go away soon too. Okay, give me a stack of those folders and you take a stack. Look for anything you think might be important.”
“Sam Lin?”
“Yes, Si Lei.”
“How will I know what is important?”
“I don’t know Si Lei,” Sam Lin answered annoyingly, “but you will know it when you see it!”
For the next couple of hours, they sat hiding in Kat’s car looking at the contents of the manila folders. The files were packed full of information on MK-ULTRA and Doctor Rusnak’s notes on his involvement with the human subjects. Here was definitive proof the CIA, in response to the alleged use of mind-control by the Russians, Chinese and North Koreans on our military prisoners, were trying to develop techniques of their own to use on our enemy captives. Here in front of them were papers and notes documenting the CIA and the Department of Defense’s role in conducting experiments on unwilling human subjects. Human guinea pigs unaware they were being used as part of an extensive program to influence and control human behavior. Behavior they wanted to manipulate and control through the use of mind-altering chemicals such as LSD, heroin, marijuana, amphetamines and other addictive chemical. Different methods of biological and psychological means were used on a regular basis, for years.
The front of one brown folder was labeled in large red letters, “TOP SECRET” and at the bottom “FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY”. A large round, seal of the United States was embossed in the center. Sam Lin slowly opened the folder. The first sheet of the file read “Human Test Subjects.” Sam Lin began to read, what a revelation, here in Dr. Rusnak’s own handwriting were page after page of human test subjects the CIA had used for illegal and sometimes immoral purposes. Down the list of names he read, all in alphabetical order, Adams, David... Allen, Paul..., Bradley, Ronald on and on the names went. Sam Lin started at the beginning with the As and proceeded to scan down and down the hundreds of subjects until he reached the names starting with the Ls, Ms, Ns and Os.
“Whoa... whoa!!” he shouted out loud. 
Terrified at the outburst Si Lei turned to Sam Lin and yelled, “What is it Brother? What did you find?”
“You’ll never believe it Si Lei!!! You’ll never believe it!!! I don’t even believe what I am seeing myself!!!”
“What? What? Tell me Brother, what is it!”
“One of the subject’s name they used mind control on was — ”
“Who? Sam Lin who?”
Sam Lin slowly read the name, “OSWALD, LEE HARVEY!!” 
The time was 11:05 p.m., Saturday night, December 1, 2012.

Chapter Thirty-One
THE PHONE CALL

Walking across the den towards the bedroom Baba was startled by the ringtone on her husband’s cell phone. Captain Scarburg had changed it to a rendition of The Stars and Stripes Forever.
“For goodness sakes Robert, I thought John Philip Sousa’s band was marching through the house. Facetiously she said, “Couldn’t you have picked a louder ring?” she said smiling at the Captain, “who could be calling at this late hour?”
“Sorry Hon, needed something loud to get my attention - would you mind answering it for me?”
“Baba, may I, please speak to the Captain, it’s urgent?” said Sam Lin on the other end of the phone. Her name was actually Barbara, but since the days when grandson Forrest called here “Baba” as a young lad, the name stuck, now everyone referred to her with the same name. Funny thing, one of the few nicknames, Captain Scarburg did not give to someone.
“Who is it Hon?”
“It’s Sam Lin. He says it is urgent, he needs to speak with you.”
Sitting straight up in his recliner the Captain asked her to toss him his phone...“Yes Sam Lin... What...? Oh I see. Yes... You know I have seen the name MK-ULTRA before... Do you know what it is? Good... What about Rousseau? Uh huh... right... Are you at the airport now? Okay, get the next flight out - don’t explain any further. We do not need to discuss this over the phone, we never know who might be listening. You and Si Lei can explain when you both get here. Looks like you might have stumbled onto something big. Good... see you both in a day or two. Goodbye.” 
“Are the boys okay? I sure was glad to hear they were not killed in the plane crash,” Baba said returning from the kitchen.
“Well they are still alive if that is worth anything, but yeah, they are doing as well as could be expected. They are taking the first available flight out, and will be on their way home with some very valuable information concerning Ryan Rousseau, and a project named MK-ULTRA. The name MK-ULTRA was written on a napkin in Jack Ruby’s Dallas Carousel Club. One of the Mafia guys had written it - we knew it was important and was connected to the CIA in Bangkok, but we did not understand what it meant. I believe the boys may have discovered the answer. Hon, pitch me the phone book, would you? I have to call the guys over at the Hilton Congress Inn.”
Baba questioned her husband about the lateness of the hour and the impropriety of calling the fellows after they had probably already gone to bed. The Captain responded by laughing and commenting they probably were not even in their rooms. He said if he actually wanted to talk to them, he should start calling the local bars and lounges. Both LJ and Rocky abhorred carrying a cell-phone, so that was not an option. He called the hotel and asked for Lonnie Joe’s room as predicted, no answer. Asking the hotel desk clerk for Rocky Jollett, the desk clerk remarked they were probably together, but he would buzz the room never the less. He listened as the in-room phone rang for the first, second and third time. As he was beginning to give up on contacting the guys and ready to hang up he heard the click of the receiver being picked up, “Hello,” said a female voice.
“Sorry, I thought I was connected to Jacque Jollett’s room — ”
Before he could finish, the voice on the other end replied, “Grandpa! Is that you?”
“Gabby...? Gabby...! Is that you girl?”
“I asked you first Grandpa.”
“Sure granddaughter you know it’s me. What are you doing there... never mind, could I please speak to Rocky.” Gabby handed the phone to Jacque.
“It’s Grandpa, he wants to talk to you.”
“Yes Captain, what can I do for you?”
“Rocky, I apologize for calling you so late, but I have some information I thought couldn’t wait until tomorrow.”
“No... forget it Captain... I wasn’t asleep. In fact, we... I... I... mean I... was just getting out of the shower. What can I do for you?”
The Captain thought about this for a second, but did not let his mind dwell on Rocky’s comment; instead he continued, “Rocky I just got a call from Sam Lin in Bangkok. He and Si Lei uncovered some information I believe has a bearing on you and LJ’s next assignment.”
“What was the information?”
“Not really sure Rocky, I did not want to discuss much with him over the phone - too many ears if you know what I mean. Sam Lin told me he and Si Lei had found something very important in Bangkok, so when they get back I would like you and Lonnie Joe to meet me in my office and we will discuss it. I told them to catch the next flight out, so I suppose they will be leaving sometime Sunday afternoon, their time. If so, they will be arriving tomorrow, be in my office Monday morning. Oh, by the way, I could not reach LJ would you fill him in on our plans and extend my regrets for not being able to talk with him in person.”
“That’s okay Captain, he came by here earlier trying to get me to go clubbing with him, but I had a prior engagement and could not go, but I’ll be sure to relay your message to him when he gets back.”
“That sounds good. My calendar is clear Monday, you two be there by 8:00 A.M. Just tell Krista I am expecting you both. Until then... later...”
The time was 12:17 a.m. early Sunday morning, December 2, 2012.

Chapter Thirty-Two
THE GANGS ALL HERE

It was Monday morning in Washington, D.C., Captain Scarburg was arriving at his office for another workweek. “Good morning Krissy, how was your weekend?”
“Good... and yours?”
“Interesting... very interesting.”
Before he could offer an explanation, Krista replied, “Captain, Sam Lin and Si Lei are waiting for you in the conference room - they were here waiting when I arrived this morning.”
“Great! Glad they got home safely. Oh, Krissy, LJ and Rocky should be here soon just buzz’em in when they arrive. Another thing - call downstairs and get Forrest to come up here this morning also. I need them all together for this meeting.” 
Entering the conference room Captain Scarburg could see Sam Lin and Si Lei had taken over his large mahogany table. Papers and notes were spread from one end of the table to the other; some papers had even fallen from the table to the floor. Down at one end sat the satchel once belonging to Doctor Joseph Rusnak. Dried bloodstains were still evident on its brown leather exterior. Both brothers were fumbling through the collection of Dr. Rusnak’s notes and papers to the point they were so engrossed in the information they did not notice the Captain had entered the room.
“Sam Lin, Si Lei take a break,” the Captain laughingly said to the two brothers, as he walked across the room toward them.
Startled, Sam Lin responded, “Oh, hello Captain. This stuff is just so interesting our minds were somewhere else. Just come and see, you won’t believe the things we have discovered. Sorry I got carried away - how have you been Captain?”
“That’s okay, I know you both are excited. I want the whole story. But first I have to get my cup of coffee. What about you two  - coffee?” Over the inter-office communicator, the Captain make a request, “Krissy, would you mind bringing in a couple more coffee cups, no make it three, I know Rocky will want coffee when he arrives.”
‘Right away Captain, but Rocky can bring his own cup. He’s standing here sipping your special Columbian Roast as we speak.”
“That good-for-nothing! No seriously, tell him to help himself and sent him in. What about LJ?”
“I’m here too Captain,” Lonnie Joe responded.
After everyone had said his hellos, the men took seats around the conference table. “Well, looks as if everyone is here! Forrest should be here in a little while,” announced Captain Scarburg. “Sam Lin and Si Lei would you, please give us a briefing on your mission to Bangkok, and the significance of these papers spread around the table.
Si Lei looking at brother Sam Lin said reluctantly, “Would you mind Sam Lin, you are a much better speaker than I am. Besides, you have always been the smartest.”
“That’s not true Si Lei... but of course I will. Guys, Si Lei and I only arrived from Thailand this morning, so we did not have time to prepare a formal presentation - this one is going to be shooting from the hip. If you have a question, please feel free to interrupt me at any time. Either Si Lei or I will attempt an answer. Okay, here we go...”
Standing at the end of the table, Sam Lin began with their arrival at Concourse C at Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok. He was just beginning to get into the part where Katrina Ryabov walked across the concourse and greeted them under the Thai Pavilion. “Captain, sorry to interrupt,” Krista announced over the communication system, “Forrest just arrived, I’m going to send him in.”
Everyone’s head turned toward the door awaiting Forrest’s entrance. The door opened, Forrest made his grand arrival. “Hey fellows, hi Grandpa. What have I missed?”
Grandpa answered, “Not much Forrest. Sam Lin was just beginning to tell us about their trip to Bangkok. Go on Sam Lin now that everyone is really all here.”
“Okay, Forrest I’ll catch you up - I had just told the others that Si Lei and I arrived in Bangkok, walked into the airport, to get our bearings we had stopped under the Thai Pavilion when an attractive woman who later introduced herself as Katrina Ryabov approached.” 
“Hold on Sam Lin,” said Forrest. “I want to know about the plane crash. That is the real adventure… this other talk is just spy stuff… I want to hear about your exciting near-death experience in the frozen wasteland of Siberia.”
“Sure Forrest… but first, it wasn’t in Siberia we crashed in Russia, and we weren’t anywhere near death. You make it sound so melodramatic, but Si Lei and I will tell you our entire story,” and for the next couple of hours, Sam Lin with Si Lei’s input divulged the intriguing details of their exploits. Throughout his briefing, Sam Lin was constantly stopped by questions from someone at the table. The group had sat totally mesmerized by the two Kim brother’s exciting narrative and hung on their every word. Finally, Sam Lin began to wind down his story with the death of Malita Smith and Katrina ‘Kat’ Sokolov. He emphasized both their deaths were the direct result of someone searching for the Dr. Joseph Rusnak papers. The same papers, which now lay scattered across the conference table where they were currently sitting.
Lonnie Joe asked, “Sam Lin do you or Si Lei have any idea who killed the two women?”
“Let me just say this – Katrina thought the CIA’s project MK-ULTRA was the key. She was terrified just saying the name. I believe she talked to Malita Smith who must have passed the information on to someone within the Company.” Sam Lin followed by dramatically explaining the car chase and the final demise of the Mercedes in the flaming crash into the bulldozer on the Highway Seven expressway from Bangkok to the International Airport. “I believe this automobile was being driven by agents of the CIA.”
“What makes you think the CIA was involved?”
“When Si Lei and I worked at the Bangkok CIA post, black Mercedes sedans were the official automobiles most agents drove. The icing on the cake was the license plate. I got a glance at it as the car pulled up behind us – it was blue with white letters. Those blue and white tags are only used on official U.S. government automobiles in Thailand. No one else connected with the government in Thailand would have known we were in town.” Pulling out a chair from the table Sam Lin sat down, “That’s about it if no one has any further questions? Oh, there is one more tidbit of information for you Captain - we saw your old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat.”
“You did? I knew I could not find it, but where did you see it?”
“Anhur was wearing it when he and his friends cleared the snow from our downed airplane in Russia. Without his help, we would have never escaped from that barren, snow-covered lake. And we saw it once more – it was sitting atop Anhur’s head as he stood next to the tangled wreckage at the horrific, fiery crash on the Highway Seven Bangkok expressway.” 
“By-ned that little rascal, my hat huh? So that’s where my hat disappeared! Well I’ll be, he’s still up to his old tricks, you say? That little guy saved you from the crash site in Russia and also caused the wreck that allowed you to escape in Thailand,” the Captain said grinning as he pushed his chair away from the table and stood up. “By-ned, that little rascal! By-ned!” 
Walking to the podium, “Good job Sam Lin and Si Lei... you both did an excellent job.... with one exception... you did not return my cowboy hat,” he said laughing. “Excellent report and it proves the CIA was waist deep in the Kennedy assassination. In fact, I have a CIA story too that I believe will prove the CIA and Kennedy were at odds with each other as well. Settle back, this might take a while.
“This happened a number of years ago,” the Captain said as he began to speak...
The time was 11:00 a.m., Monday, December 5, 2012.

Chapter Thirty-Three
FORTY YEARS EARLIER

Sack time usually came late for the men of the “Screaming Eagles” – Company A, 3rd Battalion, 505th Parachute Infantry Regiment, of the One Oh One (101st) Airborne Division, stationed at Ft. Bragg, North Carolina, but on this night sleep would not come at all. Billeted in old two story wooden barracks constructed in WW II the troopers were hard at work preparing their combat equipment for an ordered combat mission. Mission? Mission to where, the U.S. was not at war?
The time was 2200 hours, April 17, 1961.
Earlier in the evening, at 1800 hours, Lieutenant Colonel (LTC) Brad Fleming Commander of the Third Battalion had called all his company commanders together. He instructed them to assembly the Battalion for the posting of an important announcement of a General Alert Order. His instructions to the Captains commanding each company were to have all the companies assemble at 1900 hours on the Main Post parade field (or Pike Field as it is known at Bragg). At exactly 7 p.m., LTC Fleming had his Adjutant Major Nick James read General Alert Order Number 009. After the Major finished reading the General Order announcing the Five-Oh-Five Regiment was going to war, Staff Sergeant Johnny “Red” Walker (yeah he got the humor, but he didn’t care for it either) turned to his best friend Corporal William Winston, better known to all his friends as “Smokes”. “Did the adjutant say ‘Prepare for a combat jump,’ Smokes? Didn’t he say we are to be dropped in advance of an invasion force, and our mission is to disrupt transportation lines and repel defenders? When did we declare war Smokes? Who are we going to war with?
“Red, you askin’ me? You’re the Squad Leader!”

The screen door to the barracks slammed hard against the wall as the First Sergeant opened it with a kick from his spit-shined, combat boot. Stepping into the barracks he blew hard on the whistle that hung from his dog tag chain. Once... twice... three times...”Listen up ladies!! Get your gear together; we have to be at the airfield no later than 0300. That’s 3 a.m. for you brain-dead killers. Let’s get a move on; it’s now 2205 hours for you scumbags that don’t have a watch!! You’ve got less than five hours!! Move it! This ain’t no drill!! Move it! We got us a war to go to!!”
“Top!” Some trooper in the back of the barracks yelled to the 1st Sergeant, “Where we goin’ Sarge?”
“Can’t say just yet! It has to stay on the QT for now – you’ll all get a sitrep (situation report) on the plane... now get your head out of your asses, get those weapons cleaned and ready for action. I want to see your gear standing tall for equipment check at 0245 hours!!”
Standing on the tarmac, faces painted with green, tan and black camouflage paint, weighed down with nearly one-hundred pounds of equipment including parachutes, reserve parachutes, weapons, C-rats (canned food) and ammo the entire 2nd Battalion nervously waited to board the giant, army green, Hercules C-130 transports. Smokes said above the roar of the four 4,500 horsepower turboprop engines on the aircraft they were prepared to board, “Red, I’m scared!”
Quietly, the Staff Sergeant replied, “Me too Smokes.”
The time was 0400 hours, April 17, 1961.

Pope Army Airfield, Ft. Bragg, North Carolina – Paratroopers Staff Sergeant Johnny Walker and Corporal William Winston were shuffling toward one of the waiting transport aircraft of the 464th Troop Carrier Wing. They faintly could see the official tail marking on their C-130 Hercules had been sprayed over with green camouflage paint. The large, white, Air Force stars on the wings and fuselage had been obliterated too. “Red, look at those marking on our plane – are we still in the U.S. Army?”
“Yeah, but someone don’t want us to be recognized in this war we’re goin’ to.”
Taking a step with his spit-shined, Corcoran, jump boot onto the steel, rear ramp leading into his huge military cargo plane Sergeant Walker hesitated for a moment and took one final look over his shoulder. As far as he could see across the dark tarmac were bright landing lights of dozens and dozens of C-130s. C-130s just like the one he was boarding, brakes locked, and all four engines wound up and roaring to their maximum rpms ready for takeoff. 
The paratroopers had numbered off on the edge of the tarmac – odd numbers were on the starboard side, even numbers on the port. As the troopers were finding their red, web backed, canvas seats, the rear ramp raised and closed shut, and down the runway one after the other the planes rolled. From somewhere in the middle of one of the sticks of paratroopers one of them could be heard above the roar of the engines singing the refrain:
“♪High Ho, High Ho, it’s off to war we go.♪”
One after the other the C-130s with their massive rubber tires separated from the asphalt and swiftly gained flight altitude. Eastward they flew until they were out over the deep-green Atlantic Ocean. Off toward the eastern horizon the sky was dark, sunrise was still a couple of hours away.
Smokes remarked, “We’re going east, must be headed to Europe or Africa, what you think?”
Before Sergeant Walker could reply the C-130 began a steep right-hand banked turn. “What the...? Red we’re turning south... south! What is south - Florida? Nah, we ain’t gonna invade Florida, we must be headed to South America - Columbia, I’ll bet. I wonder what war we are gettin’ ourselves into?” 
One thousand four hundred kilometers or roughly 900 miles south-southwest of Pope Field and the roar of the flight of C-130s, the war to which the paratroopers were headed had already begun – it was in Cuba and it had already been given a name – The Bay of Pigs.
Earlier during the night of 14 and 15 April, a diversionary landing was planned by over one hundred Cuban exiles. Their mother ship had sailed from Key West under a Costa Rican flag. Several US Navy ships, included one destroyer, were stationed offshore on the southeastern end of Cuba near the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, or “Gitmo” as it is called. They wanted to give the appearance of an impending invasion fleet.
On 15 April 1961, at about 0600 local Cuban time, eight Douglas B-26 bombers, flying in groups of three, simultaneously attacked Cuban airfields near Havana, including the International Airport. The B-26s had been procured, prepared and piloted by the CIA on behalf of Cuban Exile Brigade 2506. They had been painted with the markings of the air force of the Cuban government. 
About an hour and a half after the B-26s had taken off to attack Cuban fortifications, another plane on a deception flight approached the shore of Cuba, but at the last minute, changed course and headed north towards the coast of Florida. Like the rest of the group of B-26s, it carried false markings and the fuselage number 933. That same number was painted on at least two of the other bombers to confuse the Cuban pilots. Before the B-26 diversionary plane took off, the covering of one of the aircraft's two engines was removed by CIA personnel, shot full of bullet holes, then replaced on the airplane to appear as though the aircraft had taken ground fire at some point during its flight. Once the pilot got far enough from Cuba the pilot radioed the Miami International airport, “Mayday!! Mayday!! Taking small arms fire and being attacked by a T-33 fighter – request immediate permission to land!!” After his fake Mayday broadcast the pilot feathered the engine with the CIA supplied bullet holes in the engine cowling. The pilot, formerly of the Cuban Air Force, claimed three other colleagues had also defected. The next day he was granted political asylum, but when night came, as prearranged, he slipped out of the U.S. and returned to Cuba.
Later on in the evening of April 16, the CIA, and the now numbered Brigade 2506 invasion fleet come together at the code named 'Rendezvous Point Zulu', about forty miles south of Cuba. Earlier the ships had sailed from Nicaragua loaded with troops and other materiel, making only one other stop at New Orleans to obtain more arms, ammunition and other supplies. ‘Rough Road’ was the U.S. Navy’s operational code name. The fleet, now named the 'Cuban Expeditionary Force' included six 2,600-ton freighter ships that had been procured and chartered by the CIA from the Hernandez Line. After taking possession, the CIA installed forty- millimeter anti-aircraft guns on their decks and camouflaged them as large wooden crates.
During the night of the 16th and into the early morning of April 17th, a fake diversionary landing was organized by the CIA near the Province of Pinar del Rio.  
At midnight on April 16, 1961, the two CIA ships the Badger and Willow J, each with a CIA operations officer and five, what would now be called Navy Seals, entered the Bay of Pigs on the southern coast of Cuba.
At 0100, the Badger, as the battlefield command ship, directed the principal landing at the Bay of Pigs, code-named Blue Beach, led by Underwater Demolition Teams (frogmen/SEALs) in rubber boats followed by members of the Cuban Expeditionary Force in small aluminum boats, followed by bigger landing crafts. The Willow J, was landing troops at the same time approximately thirty miles to the northwest at Playa Largo, code-named Red Beach, using small fiberglass boats.

Settling into the orange web seats of the C-130 the two sticks of sixty-four men of the 101st Airborne were apprehensive. No, apprehensive wasn’t right - some were just downright scared, and even more were terrified. They had only been in the aircraft for a few minutes, but sweat was beginning to form on their brows and run down their cheeks. Black, leather, jump boots were tapping nervously against the steel floor. They all had the same thought - why are we headed south?
A number of Army and Air Force sergeants were at the doors. Sergeant Walker knew two had to be the Jumpmaster and the Assistant Jumpmaster, a couple more were safety guys and of course the C-130 loadmaster. The Jumpmaster stood up - “Troopers,” he yelled above the roar of the four Allison turboprop engines, “I know you have been wondering where we are headed. Now I can tell you - we are going to Cuba!!”
The troopers could not have been more shocked... each turned with a surprised, unbelievable expression on their faces and glanced around the compartment to see the same look on each man’s face. 
“The Hundred and First is going to provide backup support to the Cuban Liberation Force. They are going to overthrow the Castro government with our help. Our mission is to parachute behind the beachhead and secure the area for the Cuban exile fighters coming ashore, it is now 0445, we jump at 0600. We’re going in at 650 feet, so no time for mistakes – after the four count if main chute has not deployed initiate reserve immediately – double-check your equipment – good luck to you all... see you on the ground.” 
For the next hour or so the men sat on the C-130 staring at the man across from him listening to the roar of the engines. They were packed in so close their knees were actually touching each other. They were not thinking ‘if that trooper will make it’, they were thinking ‘if THEY would make it. ‘Would the ‘chute open? Would they do their duty? Would they get killed?’ And they were thinking, ‘am I acting afraid? I can’t let the others know I’m afraid.’ Some were not thinking about the others at all – they were too busy saying silent prayers, some had their Rosary beads in their hand, teeth clenched staring across the way at the trooper facing him but not really seeing him. The time was 0550, ten minutes to that dreaded place – the drop zone. Six hundred short seconds were possibly separating them from a life on this earth to an eternal one in the hereafter. Were they nervous? No... they had passed the point of nervousness... they were into a totally new state now. The adrenaline had kicked in, and their training was beginning to take over. They were the ‘best of the best’ – American paratroopers of the 101st Airborne Division, and they knew it! But their hearts were beating so hard some thought their chests were about to explode. Breathing was rapid and shallow; the blood vessels in their faces were tight and constricted, their jaws were clenched. They were ready... 
The Jumpmaster stood to his feet and turned to the two sticks of paratroopers – giving the commands and arm signals “GET READY”...; “OUTBOARD PERSONNEL STANDUP”...; “INBOARD PERSONNEL STANDUP”...; “HOOK UP”... 
At this command, each parachutist detached the static line snap hook from the top carrying handle of the reserve parachute and hooked up to the anchor line cable. ‘This is it’, thought Sergeant Walker. ‘We’re REALLY going to do this!!’  
The Jumpmaster hollered and gestured with his arms, “CHECK STATIC LINES”..., “CHECK EQUIPMENT”... The paratroopers in the two sticks immediately shouted back the Jumpmaster’s commands: CHECK STATIC LINES... CHECK EQUIPMENT. 
‘Damn we can’t be more than five minutes to the jump... We’re actually going to do this!! Before the Jumpmaster had a chance to say ‘SOUND OFF FOR EQUIPMENT CHECK’ and ‘STANDBY’ someone began the song:

“♪Gory, gory what a hell of a way to die,
With a rifle on his back as he’s falling from the sky♪”

Half way through the second refrain the paratroopers, all sixty four, had joined in stomping their feet between each word. ‘Hell,’ thought the Jumpmaster, ‘this singing and foot stomping isn’t in the Army airborne manual,’ then he realized dying wasn’t in the manual either, and let them continue. 
Opening the doors on both sides of the aircraft the roaring wind obliterated the sound of the paratrooper’s song. The ‘red’ and ‘green’ lights on the right bulkhead next to the exit door were still ‘red’. Sergeant Walker knew once the ‘red’ turned to ‘green’ it was ‘all she wrote’. The Jumpmaster would give the ‘GO’ signal and then they would shuffle down the aisle, hand their static line to the safety and step out the door into the nothingness of the cool Cuban morning air...‘Oh my God, this is IT’, Sergeant Walker thought as drops of nervous sweat dripped from the end of his nose onto his reserve ‘chute on his chest.
Suddenly a slight perceivable change could be heard in the roar of the engines, ‘Darn!! Darn!! Darn!! That green light is fixin’ to light up’, thought Sergeant Johnny Walker. Breathe, breathe, he said to himself, I’m holding my breath. The ‘red’ light did not change; however, their course did. The C-130 began a slow lumbering left turn eastward toward the direction of the rising sun. The sun, which was just beginning to emerge from the spot where the black and blue morning sky meets the wide expanse of the green Atlanta Ocean, was beginning to lighten the eastern sky. “East Smokes, we’re headed east,” the Staff Sergeant said to his friend in front of him in the starboard stick. From their eastward direction, the fleet of airplanes carrying the one oh one Airborne Division continued to turn until they were headed back in the direction of Ft. Bragg, North Carolina. Their ‘war’ was officially over.
The time was 05:55 a.m. April 17, 1961.

A little past dawn on the 17th at the very minute the 101st was returning back to their home base 1,300 Cuban freedom fighters trudged through the surf at the Bay of Pigs where they were very quickly attacked and marooned on the beach by T-33 Cuban fighter planes. The eight American B-26s provided less than an hour of air cover for the Cuban freedom fighter on the beach then, on orders from the White House, the B-26s pulled out. Backed up with the sea at their rear there was no means of retreat, and no chance of advancing into the jungles of Cuba, the brigade was in a dire situation. Most of the one thousand CIA-trained and American armed Cuban freedom fighters believed they were just the first assault of Cuban exiles coming to wrestle their homeland, at the point of a bayonet, from Castro. They had been told as they stormed the beach they would be supported overhead by some of America’s finest fighter pilots of the U.S. Air Force, and once on shore and advancing into Cuba, the U.S. Marines would bring up the rear and provide support. Sad to say, these men had been fed a lie. Most of these freedom fighters would be killed, wounded or captured. Many of the captured and wounded would be later executed by the Fidel Castro regime.
In Washington the CIA and the Kennedy administration had already come to the conclusion, the invasion was doomed. A statement by President Kennedy had him saying, "How could I have been so naive to trust the people advising me?” Groups such as the CIA and the Joint Chiefs of Staff were his chief advisors on the Bay of Pigs invasion. Even more alarming to the CIA was a quote, believed reliable, and uttered by President Kennedy stating he wanted to "splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter it into the winds."
Aircrews killed in action totaled ten Cuban exiles and four American airmen. The American airmen shot down were Rayburn Thomas, Mark Holmes, Rian Almond and Scott Willis. A count, only a guess, 114 Cuban exiles from Brigade 2506 were killed in action.
Only recently, has it been learned the CIA transferred funds from the invasion budget to pay the Mafiosos for an assassination plot against Castro. This was so secret the chief of planning for the invasion, Colonel Terry Martin, did not even know what the money was being used for.
President Kennedy put a bold spin on the Bay of Pig fiasco, and, as President, he would say he alone was responsible. But when he was with brother Robert, he struggled to make sense of the mess in Cuba, “How could you and I have been so deceived and so gullible to let them proceed?” he repeatedly asked. He was furious at the CIA for having misled him. The President waited a few months then he forced CIA Director Allen Spiegel to tender his resignation. Kennedy explained to the Director, “Under a different system of government it is I who would be leaving. But the system we are now under it is you who must go.”
At the fifty-year reunion of the Bay of Pigs survivors: “To find yourself on the beach of your native land with the sea at your back and the enemy to your front, and nowhere to hide and no air cover, I’ll never forget it,” said Elcer de Pedaltia, 75. “I’ll never forget how we were betrayed by Kennedy. But we got even.”
“I also remember coming ashore that day,” said Bay of Pigs veteran Francisco “Franco” Hernando, 71, who cofounded and now heads the Florida-based Free Cuba National Foundation, one of the most powerful Cuban exile groups in Miami. “They are not good memories, but sad and bitter ones. Many brave young men died needlessly because of the cowardice of the Kennedys in Washington. All we needed to succeed was some help from the Americans. We took a terrible toll, but them Kennedys later got theirs too...”

Finishing the rehash of the Bay of Pigs invasion the group around the table sat speechless. “Well,” said the Captain, “See what I mean? The CIA is not as pure as the wind driven snow. We know from Sam Lin and Si Lei the CIA was totally involved with a black-ops program called MK-ULTRA. I know, for a fact, the word MK-ULTRA was written on a napkin in Jack Ruby’s place by one of the Cosa Nostra guys. How are the CIA and the Mafia connected? That is what we need to find out. 
“We now know from Dr. Rusnak’s own secret CIA papers Lee Harvey Oswald was one of the MK-ULTRA guinea pigs. Was he under mind control on November 22, 1963?”
“Captain you’re saying you think Lee Harvey Oswald might not have been the assassin of President John Kennedy. Is this right?”
“No, no, don’t get me wrong, he was probably guilty, but today he might have been found ‘not guilty’ based on mental incompetence. He may have been ‘brainwashed’ into believing what he was doing was the right thing.”
“So the CIA was responsible for messing with his mind, but why would they want Oswald to kill Kennedy?”   
“The Kennedy administration and the CIA did not see eye to eye. In fact, Kennedy wanted to dismantle the entire organization. Was his plan enough grounds for them to get rid of him? Another key factor was the payments to the Mafia... to assassinate Castro! Why was the Mafia involved? Again, we must find out.
“It’s almost 2 p.m... I’m starved, and I know you all are too so let’s adjourn and go grab some chow. We’ll meet back here and devise a plan of attack for our investigation of the President John F. Kennedy assassination.”
“Lonnie Joe”, chimed up, “you’re buying lunch again, right Captain?”
Laughing, as he was leaving the podium, “You bet LJ, come on let’s go eat.”
The time was 1:45 p.m., Monday, December 5, 2012.

Chapter Thirty-Four
MISSION ASSIGNMENTS

Returning from their late lunch Captain Scarburg stopped at Krista’s office, “Krissy I want you, Trey, Olive Marie, Gabby, Bud, Lou, Spook and Tinker to join me in this afternoon’s session in the conference room. With the exception of Trey, I believe they are all in the computer lab. Please ask them to, please come upstairs.”
At the podium, the Captain looked around the conference table. They were all now assembled - Krista, Trey, Olive Marie, Bud, Lou, Gabby, Forrest, Spook, Tinker, Lonnie Joe and Rocky.
“I’ve called you all together for this one last meeting, we need to finalize the preparations of our Dallas mission. At any time, if anyone wants to ask a question or make a suggestion, please jump in. This is not just my operation - it is OUR operation. Some of you, Krista, Spook and Tinker already have their assignments and have begun to assemble information, but there are crucial jobs for the rest of you.
“Let me bounce my ideas off of you and hear what you all think. I’ll start with the things I am personally familiar with - since I was there in Dallas. I am extremely interested in the connection between the Mafia bosses Linda Lou Dearmann told me about in Jack Ruby’s place and the assassination. There was Sam Giordino. He’s from Chicago. Next to Sam was Johnny Russolli out of Las Vegas. Linda said she believed he had something to do with the mob in Hollywood. Next, the guy at the table was Carlos Mancini. She believed she had heard he was from New Orleans. There was Angelo Marino from somewhere up north, Philadelphia she thought. 
I purpose you, LJ and Rocky go back to Dallas and find out what you can about those gangsters and their connection with Jack Ruby.”
“Okay,” replied Lonnie Joe, “but Captain when do we arrive before or after the assassination?”
“LJ, I’m thinking before. If you both arrived after President Kennedy was killed, those guys would be long gone, and of course Jack Ruby would be in a jail cell.”
“Bud, I want you and Lou to travel along with them too, but once you get to Dallas turn over all the rocks on J. D. Tippit, the policeman Lee Harvey Oswald supposedly shot. Something seems fishy there too.”
Forrest jumped in at this time. “What’s my job Grandpa?”
“Forrest, I believe you should stay here and help Spook and Tinker.”
“What? No, Grandpa!! No, I want a part in the mission too!”
“Forrest, honestly I believe you could be more helpful here with Spook and Tinker.”
“I could check out Lyndon Johnson’s involvement. I’ve been researching everything I could find on President Johnson, I have found some information but it’s never been proven, that he had a meeting at an estate owned by a Dallas oilman, Clint Murdock. The Murdock mansion is located just on the outskirts of north Dallas. The meeting was the night before the assassination with a bunch of big shot political bigwigs. From what I have read he might have even been involved in planning the shooting of Kennedy. Please, let me go with you and look into it.”
“Forrest you do not know how much danger you are talking about? I don’t want to put you in that type of situation. If they had a hand in killing Kennedy, they would not think twice about killing you too!”
“Wait a minute!! If they killed me, then I wouldn’t be here today, right?”
“You forget Forrest – that meeting took place before the un-successful attempt on President Kennedy’s live, in another Parallel Universe. Yes, Forrest, you could have been killed in an alternate Parallel Universe.
“You’re right, Grandpa, I know you are always looking after our best interests, so I’ll stay here, and help Spook and Tinker. Yep, stay here and help Spook and Tinker. That’s what I’ll do. Help... Yeah I’ll help out.” Forrest said sarcastically, but the wheels inside his head were turning.
The Captain thought, what’s he up to? That was too easy. When he’s after something he doesn’t surrender that quickly!! Determined to give Forrest more thought later he said, “Okay, it is getting late and I know everyone has had enough for today. What about continuing this planning tomorrow? How about 9 a.m., is that good with everyone? Fine, then I’ll see you all tomorrow morning... have a good evening.”
The time was 5:20 p.m., Monday, December 5, 2012.

Chapter Thirty-Five
_________________________________________________________________
FORREST AND ‘THE PLAN’

By the time the Captain said, “Forrest, I believe you should stay here...” Forrest had already started formulating his ‘Plan’. 
What was Forrest’s ‘Plan’? To be honest, at that precise moment he didn’t know either, it was a more ‘flying by the seat of his pants type plan’. Since the Captain was not going to allow Forrest to go with them to Dallas, Forrest had to figure out his own way to get there himself. There was only one way – Pegasus!!
Forrest was ‘fit to be tied’ as the meeting broke up and everyone was leaving. He was just mad... no, he was furious with his Grandpa. The gears in his head were spinning like a top. He had to have a plan – not just any old plan – he had to have ‘The Plan’. He knew he had to use Pegasus, but that was all he had... that wasn’t much. He had to have more. He had to think! Think!
Forrest started going over the obstacles to using the time-traveling machine - Pegasus. At the top of the list was access. The machine was located in the subbasement confines of SCAR headquarters, three stories down from street level, so breaking in was obviously out of the question. The only method to gain access to the laboratory was through the elevator. The staircase was locked with steel bars at the basement, and the security guard was the only person with the key. The elevator required authorized personnel have an official “access” card that must be swiped through the card reader and a four-digit code was required to be correctly entered at the same time. Forrest didn’t have a card and surely did not know the secret four-digit code. This card is only allotted to the personnel who work in the lab, and he did not know any of them well enough to bribe, threaten or coerce them into letting him use theirs. He had to put his brain to work.
The last to leave the conference room Forrest walked across the outer office. He was still steaming when Krista, his mother, called to him from her office, “Forrest you are not going to leave without saying ‘bye’, are you?”
Continuing to walk, he was oblivious to her question. 
“Forrest!”
His reverie was snapped. He turned and walked over to her office door, “Sorry, Mom, I guess my mind was elsewhere – I was absorbed in this next mission, trying to figure out how I can contribute.”
Flash! He had the beginning of a plan!! He had forgotten, not only did the people working in the lab have access cards so did Grandpa, Spook, Tinker, Sam Lin, Si Lei AND his Mom!! 
Forrest knew his Mom kept all her credit cards, and the... the access card in her wallet and the wallet always stayed in her purse, but her purse never left her sight. Hmmm, maybe this wasn’t as good a plan as he had originally envisioned.
“Come into my office Forrest, we haven’t talked for quite a while.” Opportunity! 
“Yeah, okay Mom,” Forrest said walking across the soft, close weave carpet of her office. Flopping down on one of her large leather chairs, she asked how he had been doing. Back and forth they went with the ‘I’m okay’. ‘How about you?’ ‘Am I seeing anyone?’ You know the typical mother and son question and answer session. These sessions are more suited for the mother to quiz the son on his life than it is for the son to talk to his mother, but he saw a golden opportunity in this particular little chit chat.
His Mom had removed her wallet from her purse and had the wallet lying on the desk in front of her. He had to get her away from her desk. Forrest could see Part 1 of ‘The Plan’ beginning to shape up. If he played his cards right, he could get the access card from the wallet. She never went downstairs to the laboratory, so she would not miss it, at least not until Forrest had accomplished ‘The Plan’. At a break in the interrogation, he asked his Mom if she might have something cold to drink. He complained about having to sit in that conference room all afternoon with nothing but water to drink. Forrest tried to sound as pitiful as possible. Moms are suckers for pitiful sons. 
 It worked; sons know how to play moms. She had a fully stocked office bar she used to entertain Grandpa’s guests before they were allowed to enter the ‘Inner Sanctum’. On request by Forrest, she walked to the bar opening the frig door, and asked, “What is your pleasure?” Forrest named some obscure soda he had heard at one time or another, knowing full well she would not have that particular brand, but she looked through the bottles and cans anyway. While she had her head buried deep within the refrigerator’s innards, he quickly arose from his chair and quietly reached for her wallet. The access card was in the first credit card slot. He quickly slipped it out of its secure resting place, and silently replaced the wallet back in its previous spot on the desk and soundlessly slipped back into his chair. “I’m sorry Forrest, I don’t seem to have that type soda,” his Mom said peeking out from behind the mini-frig door.
“That’s fine Mom, anything you have will be okay,” he didn’t care if she brought water now - he had the card. Forrest loved it when a plan came together. What was he thinking? Yes, he might have the card, but he didn’t know the access code needed to gain entrance to the lab!! He didn’t have a plan all he had was the ‘want’ to have a plan. Forrest’s Mom, apologizing, handed him a Coke, and for the next few minutes, they chatted amicably until Forrest excused himself with the pretense he had to pick-up some clothes before the dry-cleaner closed.
On the elevator headed to the ground floor, Forrest gazed intently at the little card slot on the elevator wall next to the buttons controlling the floor destination. Thinking to himself all he had to do was slide the card, currently in his pocket, through the narrow opening and punch in four random numbers on the keypad he could arrive at the basement laboratory. No guard would be on duty – the lab closed at five p.m. sharp. Only people with access cards could get in, so no security other than this piece of thin plastic was necessary, or so Captain Scarburg and the others thought. They never figured they needed security from one of their own. They never thought about Forrest and ‘The Plan’. 
The drive back to his apartment was trancelike. He did not even remember driving out of SCAR’s parking lot. His mind was racing. How could he get back into the building? All he had to do was tell the guard at the main entrance door he had forgotten something... some work, his computer... his jacket... he would think of something when the time came. Right now he had to come up with the access code. 
Forrest opened his apartment door and went straight to his computer. He typed in Studies Concerning Antiquated Records, and the web search popped up a number of SCAR web sites. He had remembered a security person or maybe it was an FBI guy, he couldn’t remember whom, but one of them said most people use something familiar when making up a code or even a combination to a safe. They might use their birthday or the birthday of their wife or husband (as the case may be), children or grandchildren. He said about 80% of the time he could decipher the combination or code number by using this method. What the heck, Forrest decided he had nothing to lose.
First he looked up Grandpa’s birthday September 7, 1943. Now he thought, what can he make out of those numbers. September is the 9th month, okay there’s a nine. Well the 7 is obvious, but 1943 has four numbers, and he only needed two more. Which two? He went with ‘43’. There now, he had 9...7...4...3... okay, the next was Baba, then Spook and Tinker. On and on he went right on down the list with everyone, he could think of in the SCAR facility. After each person’s name, he wrote a four-digit number corresponding to his or her birthday.
This operation consumed the better part of two hours. When he finished he had almost two pages of numbers, but what if Grandpa didn’t use birthdays what else could he have used to program the access code? What about street addresses of their homes? Again he wasted another two hours and had a couple more pages of code numbers. What if the four-digit code isn’t a street address, he thought. Suddenly he stopped... this is crazy... he looked at the pages of numbers he had already assembled... he’ll be in that elevator all night just trying those numbers. Now he reasoned he would go back to SCAR headquarters, with the list he had, get past the entrance guard, enter the elevator and start playing with the numbers and see what happened. If none of those numbers worked then he would come back to his apartment and start with Plan B, whatever ‘B’ was, shoot he hadn’t even come up with a good ‘A’ yet.
The time was 12:05 a.m., Tuesday, December 6, 2012.

Chapter Thirty-Six
OLIVE MARIE, ARE YOU CRAZY?

Grabbing the manila folder full of information he had amassed on Lyndon Johnson, Forrest slipped on his jacket, attached his SCAR identification badge, and was about to open the door and go downstairs to his car. Reaching for the apartment’s doorknob, he was startled by a knock on his door. Was he hearing correctly? Was that actually a knock? Before he could take a look out the small security peephole, another rasp was heard coming from the other side of the door. This time the knock was louder and more pronounced than the first. What the... he thought peeping out the hole into the hallway. “What...” he said opening the door. “Olive Marie!! What are you doing here? And at this time of night?”
Without as much as a how-do-you-do, she bolted into his apartment. “You’re up to something Robert Scarburg. I know you; I saw that look in your eye when Grandpa said you couldn’t go to Texas. You’re going to Texas, isn’t that right? What’s our plan?”
“Our plan? Our plan? YOU don’t have a plan!!”
“Ah ha!! Got you!! But YOU DO have a plan, and I want in on it. Grandpa wouldn’t let me go to Texas either. Now tell me. Let me have it. What is OUR plan? I want to go too! Give me our plan!”
“Olive Marie, are you crazy? Even if I did have a plan I wouldn’t tell you. Everyone would know about ‘my plan’ in five minutes.”
“There, you said it again. You DO have a plan. If I’m not in on it, five minutes will be too long. I will tell Grandpa you are up to something and then see where you will be! This isn’t a threat Forrest Scarburg... I want in!! Or else!!”
“I’m not saying yes, and I’m not saying no, take off your coat and sit down, and I’ll fill you in on my ‘Plan’, but you have to promise not to tell anyone, promise?”
For the next few minutes, he explained to Olive Marie how he slipped the access card from Krista’s purse. He showed her the pages of notes he had written trying to figure out the four-number access code to use in the elevator. He explained the codes were necessary so he could gain entry to the laboratory where Pegasus was ‘parked’!”
“Gain access to Pegasus! What in the world for?” She said listening intently to Forrest’s every word. Only occasionally she would grunt ‘Un huh’ or ‘Hmmm’ as Forrest explained how he was going back to Dallas to the Clint Murdock estate. He explained how it had been reported that Vice President Johnson attended a party at the Murdock mansion the night before the Kennedy Assassination along with other Washington bigwigs. The rumor was they were planning the assassination of President Kennedy the following day. Forrest had discovered this information and wanted personally to validate who had attended the party. 
This was as a convenient a time as any for Forrest to explain to his sister the story about Clint Murdock, whom he was and how Murdock was connected to Lyndon Johnson.
“Get comfortable Olive and I will explain it all to you.” He began telling the entire chronicle to Olive Marie.
The story began with a woman by the name of Margaret White.

MARGARET WHITE

Who was Margaret White? Ms. White said she was the girlfriend of President Lyndon Johnson. It sounded like a fabrication, but what can anyone say, it was her story as she told it to a TV reporter for the program, ‘Who Had An Affair’.
Murmurings had begun after the assassination of John F. Kennedy that Lyndon Johnson might have been involved. The gossip concerned a man by the name of Clint Murdock and Lyndon Johnson. Ms. White stated she had been invited to a party - a party given at the mansion of a Texas millionaire named Clinton Murdock. Her exposé of Lyndon Johnson began with that party she said. A party at the Murdock estate, would not, in and of itself, be worthy of a mention. They had the reputation of throwing lavish parties all the time; however something was different about this particular party she was so eager to tell about. What made this evening unique? Unique enough that later Ms. White would recall specific events that happened that eventful November night. What night? Oh, nothing special about that night other than it was only the night before the assassination of John F. Kennedy, that’s all! Thursday, November 21, 1963.

CLINT MURDOCK

Before Forrest continued with Margaret White’s story, he guessed it wouldn’t hurt to give Olive Marie a little background on Clint Murdock since he did play a crucial part in Ms. White’s tale.
Forrest explained that Clinton Murdock, Jr was born in Dallas, Texas, on May 10, 1925. His father had made a fortune from real estate, land development, railroads, and especially oil. Clint was well educated with a degree from the University of Texas in a field of study concerning oil and oil exploration. Forrest, at the moment, could not remember the exact discipline of Murdock’s college major, but he believed Clint also had an advanced degree from some university back east, Harvard, Yale or another of those Ivy League schools. 
Murdock’s father passed away in 1961. At this time, Clinton, his brother and younger sister inherited the entire Murdock family fortune. The headquarters of the Murdock Empire was located in Dallas. Clint and his siblings now owned the Techno Manufacturing Company, Columbia Construction, the ‘Texas Hunting & Fishing’ magazine, Murdock Publishing Company and MurCo Oil. 
In the late 1940s, Murdock Sr and his close friend, another Texas oil mogul, Keith Bales met quite by accident, the Chief of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, J. Edgar Hoover. A friendship developed that lasted for years. In fact, it was claimed Hoover was deeply invested in the MurCo Oil Company.
Another startling fact: Murdock had ties with the Mafia. In the mid ‘50s the Senate Select Committee on Criminal Affairs discovered Carlos Mancini, the head of the crime family out of New Orleans, owned almost forty percent of the MurCo Oil Company. They also looked into allegations that Murdock Sr had close financial ties with Johnny Russolli. Russolli reportedly was head of the Hollywood crime syndicate.
Later, one Senator on a subcommittee of the Criminal Affairs Committee claimed, "Murdock had J. Edgar Hoover in his back pocket. People, with plenty of money, seem to always ‘invest’ their money on law enforcement officials. To insure their interests are protected, they look for officials in high places to help them.” Hoover was the poster boy for the law and order in this country and made it a lifetime goal to wage war with mobsters, gangsters and the like, so it was a feather in Murdock’s hat to let it be known Hoover was his friend. That's why men like Murdock made it their business to drop Hoover’s name in their conversation every chance they got. If the head of the country’s FBI is your buddy, you can get away with a lot of things. Things some might say are on the hazy side of legal.
Murdock developed extreme right-wing political opinions and along with some of his close friends, supported extreme groups like the ‘Society for the America Way’. Murdock also donated money to a number of candidates for congress with anticommunist campaigns. Also, it was reported Murdock was also a quick source of fast money for the American Nazi Party, and its leader, Lawrence Honeywell.
Also in the early ‘50s, Murdock joined forces with some of his wealthy friends to gain control of the Pennsylvania Southern Railroad. This involved buying 650,000 shares worth $65 million.
Murdock’s construction company Columbia was involved in several projects including providing the maintenance for the Panama Canal and the construction of a tunnel under Havana harbor for Fidel Castro, the military dictator of Cuba. In 1960 Murdock purchased the ‘Lone Stars’ pro football team for $800,000 and provided the bulk of money for the construction of the Dallas Stadium.
Forrest explained about the others at the gathering included the two Senators from Texas Harold L. Hood and Charles Tomlin, the head of the FBI J. Edgar Hoover, Texas State Senator John Masters and Richard Nixon.
“Before I go on Olive, let me tell you about Richard Nixon. Why, if it were true, would he be at the house of Clint Murdock? We all remember he was President but what we fail to realize he was also Vice President with Eisenhower from 1956 to 1960.
“Nixon ran an unsuccessful campaign for president against John Kennedy in the ‘60 election. The race remained close for the duration, but there were charges of voter fraud in some states such as California and Texas, both states won by Kennedy; Nixon did not want to contest the election, even though his advisors thought he should protest the vote count in court. He though it would be a long drawn out affair and would make the U.S. look bad to the rest of the world. In January 1961, Kennedy was sworn in as President and Nixon and his family returned to California. He resumed his law practice and wrote a bestselling book called, ‘The Sixth Dilemma’.”
“Did he hold a grudge against Kennedy?” Olive Marie questioned.
“Possibly.”
“Did he think Kennedy had ‘stolen’ the 1960 election from him?”
“Maybe.”
“Did he seek revenge?” 
“It is likely. All your questions may be true, Sis. I would like to know too, and part of the answer lies in finding out if Nixon had been at the Murdock house the night before Kennedy was killed! Was he a participant in the ‘secret’ meeting? If he were Olive, then your statements are probably accurate. He could have been involved in the planning of the assassination. 
Ms. White explained: “It was getting close to the end of the evening when Lyndon finally arrived,” Ms. White said during the TV interview. She continued, “The room suddenly became quite when he entered. Lyndon announced he wanted to see a specific group of his political friends immediately behind closed doors. Later Lyndon, flustered and upset, emerged from the secret meeting and rejoined the party. I knew Lyndon could operate secretly. Knowing how he was I did not say anything... not even how glad I was that he came to the party. He grabbed hold of my hand so hard, I thought he was going to break a finger; he spoke barely above a whisper, a quiet, throaty growl. He spoke close into my ear, I’m here to tell you, it was not a happy message, but one I'll always remember: ‘I can assure you Marge after tomorrow those Kennedys will never be a thorn in my side again - that's no threat - that's a promise.’  
Finishing up Forrest said, “Okay, now that you have heard my plan to seek out the Murdock estate and find out who attended the party you said you promised not to tell Grandpa. You agree Olive Marie? Right now I have to return to the laboratory.”
Without answering Forrest’s question, Olive asked, “What happens when we get to the laboratory?”
“We! We! There is no we, Olive Marie. It’s just going to be me! And you promised you would not tell Grandpa about my plans either. When I get to the lab I am going to ‘borrow’ Pegasus, and I am going to Texas.”
“Texas! Texas! Right on Forrest, oh, I’m not going to tell, why would I tell, I’m coming with you!!”
“What!! No!! You can’t come. It’s too dangerous!!”
“Well it’s just as dangerous for you as it would be for me. I’m coming, if not I’m telling Grandpa you are going to steal Pegasus, and then you won’t be going either, Mr. Smarty-Pants. After I spill the beans to Robert Scarburg the Second, you won’t be able to get within a mile of his time machine. What do you think of them apples, Robert Scarburg the Fourth?” She said, throwing considerable emphasis on ‘the Fourth.
He solemnly pondered the situation and its ramifications. He surely cannot let her go with him, but if she does not go he doesn’t get to go either. He knew her; she would tell Grandpa all right. What to do? What to do? 
After considering the alternatives Forrest make a decision, “All right Sis, you can come with me under two conditions.”
“Anything, anything, I’ll help you steal Pegasus. What are the conditions? ”
“It is my mission - I am the boss, what I say goes - agreed? And I am not stealing Pegasus, I am only borrowing it for a while.”
“Yep, you’re the boss, and what you say goes - agreed, and we are just borrowing Pegasus – got it Forrest. Borrowing does sound better than stealing. I hope, for your sake Forrest, Grandpa sees it that way,” she said with a devilish smile.
During the drive back to headquarters, Forrest’s mind wasn’t as blank as it was on the drive home now he had company, and he had the makings of a plan. He kept thinking about all the things that could go wrong, especially now that Olive was coming along. His mind was racing, he should have been thinking what could happen if ‘The Plan’ worked, and plan accordingly. 

“BORROWING” PEGASUS

Forrest and Olive Marie walked up to the automatic glass entrance doors, they did not open, Oscar, the guard looked up from his desk and grinned. As he walked across the slick tile floor, they could hear his keys, clipped to his belt, jingling as he opened the door, “Hey, Forrest, hey Olive Marie, sorry, we lock the doors after everyone has finished. What are you both doing here at this hour of the night? Did you all forget something?”
During the drive back from his apartment to SCAR headquarters a million things must have passed through his mind, but an answer to Oscar’s question, ‘Forget something?’ was not one of them. Having no preconceived plan Forrest blurted out, “Nah, Grandpa, I mean Captain Scarburg had a big meeting today, well, it would be yesterday now, and assigned Olive Marie and I some tasks. We had to come back tonight and get some of my notes to complete our assignments.” 
“Yeah, I noticed on the sign-in sheet where Dr. Lonnie Joe Wheeler, Jacque Jollett, Sam Lin and Si Lei Kim all signed in yesterday morning. Something big going on?” The guard inquired.
“I don’t actually know all the details Oscar we’re having another meeting this morning so maybe Grandpa will fill us in on more of the particulars.”
“Come on in you two, just sign in and let me know when you all get ready to leave.”
“Fine, thank you Oscar,” Forrest replied while they signed the log-in book, “but we might just stay and complete some of our projects before leaving.”
“You know you both can stay as long as you like - my shift ends at 4 a.m., so if you’re not out by then sign-out with the next guard coming on duty. Have a good evening both of you, well, what’s left of it. Don’t work too long, you both need to go home and get some sleep.”
Walking toward the elevator door with Olive close by his side Forrest answered without turning around, “Uh huh, see you later Oscar.” Just a couple more steps and a push on the “Up” button would get them out of Oscar’s sight, and they could begin solving the four-digit code problem. The shiny steel door opened immediately on pressing the “UP” button. Inside Forrest selected his work floor - floor number four. He could not wait for the elevator to stop on the fourth floor. By the time they reached the second floor Forrest had already swiped the access card through its slot. The yellow light began blinking. He knew if the correct code numbers were entered the light would turn green. All right he said to himself, here goes nothing. His hand was trembling as he reached out with his right index finger, 9... 7... 4... 3..., nothing, nada, no green light. No problem, he thought, 7... 9... 4... 3..., again nothing. Now he was beginning to get worried. What if the elevator were programmed like computers? He might only get three tries before being automatically prohibited from further inputs. He would be deemed “unauthorized,” and it is highly possible an alarm bell would sound notifying the guard someone was tampering with the elevator controls. He had not thought of that. What if this elevator were set up this way? What if... what if... the heck with what ifs, nothing ventured, nothing gained. Here goes.
“Sis, start reading out these numbers, and I will punch them in.”
She started with Baba’s numbers - no luck. Well, he did have a touch of luck, after entry number three nothing happened, he was not locked out - no alarm bell rang out. Olive Marie continued calling numbers and Forrest kept entering different sets of four digit numbers. Around 3:30 a.m. they had gone about as far as humanly possible. They had tried number after number, nothing worked. Both were about to give up when, without thinking, Forrest pressed the numbers 1–2–3–4. He heard a metallic sounding ‘ding’ as the yellow light changed to green - No...! No...! “Are you kidding me, 1...2...3...4? Sis, tell me the code number isn’t that simple, is it?”
But it was that simple, the elevator began to move. A slight ‘bling’ bell sound indicated they had passed floor 3..., another ‘bling’... floor 2..., ‘bling’... floor 1... on the elevator continued down traveling three floors below street level. At the last ‘bling’ the elevator door opened, but Forrest stayed inside, frozen in his spot, he was afraid to move. He knew what they were about to do was wrong... but his Grandpa should accept part of the blame also; he was wrong too. He should have allowed his Sis and himself to go on the President Kennedy mission - we’re not kids anymore! Forrest thought. Yeah, that’s right... at least that was the way he justified it to himself at the time.
“Come on Forrest,” Olive Marie said stepping off the elevator. 

It was dark inside the circular lab except for a number of the small display lights on the desk-sized launch control consoles that never powered down, but the light that caught his attention was one low wattage spotlight shining down on Pegasus from high in the ceiling.
There was just enough light to allow the two of them to walk around in the room, they could see Pegasus sitting in the center. Under that dim light, it had a majestical aura, which seemed to give the whole thing a mysterious glow. Feeling excited yet scared at the same time; maybe they had bitten off more than they could chew. They must have walked around that beautiful object two or three times. Forrest had seen it before but was still utterly mesmerized by its brilliant titanium surface.
Fortunately he had worked in the lab many times. He knew where everything was located. Who and what were in each office. He knew most all the people who worked in the launch facility. He knew everything except the most crucial thing at this moment - he did not know how to turn on the lights!
“Forrest, please, it’s spooky in here – could you, please turn on the lights?”
Oh, my! He thought. Is this the way it is going to be the rest of the trip... nag... nag... nag?
A revelation came to him... the electrical equipment room! The circuit breakers that controlled all the lighting must be in there, and he knew exactly where the room was located.
Standing in front of the breaker box, he did not know which breakers to switch “On.” A number of them were already in the “Off” position. Could he damage some piece of essential launch equipment by turning its power ‘On’ when it possibly should remain ‘Off’?
“Well come on Forrest, turn the lights on!” Olive Marie demanded.
He didn’t come down here to turn back now. Switching all the “Off” breakers to the “On” position, through the door they could hear motors beginning to hum, see fan blades starting to turn, the light came on, the launch facility was coming alive!
With mind racing, they left the equipment room to return to Pegasus. Now they had to figure out how to get into Mike Watkin’s office. Mike was the assistant launch boss, the Chief of the Flight Prep Crew. Forrest had assisted on Launch Two and Launch Three, both of which were unsuccessful, but he remembered all the basic procedures Mike performed on the launch console computers. He was hoping Mike had not reprogrammed the master computers used when his Grandpa flew on Launch Four. Forrest wasn’t quite sure, but he did not know if he could get this machine out of the lab.
He had conveniently forgotten to tell sister Olive Marie this. He wanted her to believe he knew what he was doing.
He had to gamble; he did not know how to change the destination coordinates nor could he change the date of arrival. All he could hope was Mike Watkins had not changed the computer data.
Okay, he thought as he approached Mr. Watkins’s office door, he always locks his office. I have no choice I will break the window on the door and reach in an open the lock from the inside. Picking up a wrench from a workbench he smashed the glass. Shattering glass flew all over the floor. Their shop vacuum will take care of this with no problem, he thought. Just as he was about to reach inside to unlock the lock Olive Marie grabbed the office doorknob and gave it a slight turn. Surprise – the door wasn’t even locked. Oh, I’m sorry Mr. Watkins, Forrest thought. I know how tidy and organized you are. If I had only tried the doorknob first, oh well, no use crying over spilled glass now.
At least some things were going in their favor; numbers were still being displayed on the ‘DEPARTURE’, ‘DESTINATION’ and ‘RETURN’ readouts. Were they the same ones used for Grandpa’s Launch Four? Forrest was not sure, but he certainly hoped they were. We could end up in an African swamp in prehistoric times, he thought!!
If he had remembered correctly, all he had to do was reset the launch time and activate the launch countdown sequence on the Launch Computer. This Launch Control Computer would send Pegasus to the ‘DESTINATION’ coordinates automatically. Departure was still set for 2:29:30 on 21 November 2012 the current date was December 6, 2012. Fortunately, these were the easiest setting to change. The button next to the display could change the numbers by merely allowing each individual number to advance or recede to the number desired. Once the ‘DEPARTURE’ date was set a double click would set the departure time ten minutes from the present time. That was just enough time to enter Pegasus, fasten the safety belt, sit back and enjoy the ride.
Forrest changed the departure date to 6 December 2012, grabbed his folder on President Johnson, and pressed the button twice. Running into the Launch room, he was just in time to hear the hissing sound of air escaping from the ‘flying saucer’ and watch the hatch beginning to open. By the time they had covered the distance from Mr. Watkins’s office to Pegasus the entrance hatch was open and wide – all they had left was to get inside and wait the allotted ten minutes.
As Forrest sat waiting for the final few minutes to pass before ‘blast off’, he thought of Grandpa, what would he think of him? He had always valued his opinion, and did not want him to be disappointed in his conduct. He certainly wasn’t too concerned about Olive Marie. She had always been a favorite of his Grandpa. He will not be too hard on her, but for Forrest that will be a different matter; however, he reasoned if he could find out some good solid damning information on President Johnson, Grandpa would forgive them both.
The minutes passed slowly, not knowing what to expect. He sat perfectly still, afraid to move. He had only watched from Mr. Watkins’s observation window during Launch Two and Three. He also knew he and Olive Marie could be living in the last couple of minutes of their lives. This time-travel stuff, he reasoned, wasn’t nearly as perfected, as he would like.
At T minus ten seconds, the "Go for Magnetic Rotor Start," was automatically issued by The Transport Launch Computer. All physical connections from the ‘flying saucer’ to the ‘launch’ facility should be severed. Pegasus ought to be good to go.
At T minus six seconds, the three main rotors energized at intervals of 110 milliseconds. Again, as happened with Captain Scarburg the rotors have three seconds to throttle up to 95 percent rotational speed. At T minus three seconds, if the main rotors are at the required 95 percent, the ‘Tachyon’ sequence starts.
He felt nothing... no movement... no noise... nothing; just a slight tingling sensation in his fingers and toes. Turning to Olive Marie he asked, “How are you doing?”
She did not respond, her hands were tightly gripping the armrests of the seat and her eyes seemed fixed and dilated. She stared blankly into the console to her front. 
The four inch thick porthole located directly to their front was beginning to haze over. Seeing out was impossible. Forrest thought, surely this it not supposed to happen! Something must be going wrong. What have I done? I wish I had told Olive Marie I really didn’t mean all those bad things I have said to her in the past, but now I’m going to get her killed!!
The time was 4:35 a.m., Tuesday, December 6, 2012.

Chapter Thirty-Seven
GOING BACK TO TEXAS

Suddenly there was a brilliant flash of blue light. Forrest wondered if this were similar to Grandpa’s experience; it reminded him of a thousand flashes of blue lightening going off at the same time. That was the last thing he saw - he blacked out. How long he was out he did not know. When he awoke the bright light had diminished, the tingling sensation had stopped, and the smoke or fog was beginning to dissipate from the porthole. And the music... the soft music... bagpipes... ‘Amazing Grace’. He thought, I don’t believe I have ever heard that spiritual hymn played so beautifully.  
As his mind began to clear Forrest realizing he had heard all of this before. Forrest thought, Grandpa Scarburg – this was exactly the way he described his ‘flight’. Forrest and Olive Marie’s experience was similar except for one thing they wore protective laser goggles. Since Grandpa Scarburg experienced colorblindness on his ‘jump’ Forrest reasoned laser goggles might, somehow, prevent this from happening, and it did. “Olive Marie! Olive Marie! Wake up, Sis can you hear me,” Forrest said as he removed her laser goggles. She was turning her head slightly, so he knew she was still alive. “Wake up!” he yelled again. She slowly opened her eyes.
“What happened? I must have dozed off. The time-traveling thing did not work did it?”
“I don’t know Olive, let’s get outside and see.” Forrest wished he had been paying more attention to his grandpa when he was showing his time-traveling pictures and describing his experiences. He did remember Grandpa Scarburg said he landed in a cow pasture north of Dallas. Forrest was afraid to look out – fearing they could be in that swamp in Africa, he asked hesitantly, “You ready?”
Before waiting for Olive Marie to answer he pressed the ‘OPEN’ button to allow the hatch to swing out. Slowly moving to the opening, he was reluctant to gaze out onto his surroundings. What was he going to see? What was out there? He could delay the inevitable no longer he summoned up his courage and looked.
As they peered out they were pleasantly surprised; they were looking out on grass - a sea of dead grass and live cows. “Grandpa said he landed in a cow pasture.” Forrest remarked to Olive Marie. He could tell Pegasus landed on flat ground, its final landing spot was not atop the large tree stump their Grandpa had to deal with. Yep, this must the same place for sure! They were not resting on the same tree stump, they were nestled right beside it! Speaking again, “If we can see an old barn off in the distance and a grove of trees somewhere behind it, some old oil wells, a pond and a wide expanse of trees in the opposite direction, then we would know, for sure, we landed in the right place. We must, surely, be in Grandpa’s Texas cow pasture!!”

THE COW PASTURE

Forrest and Olive Marie managed to get out of Pegasus using the portable ladder. Standing in the pasture of brown grass, they could not see a grove of trees, or an old barn. Is it November here? The trees off in the distance seem bare of leaves. The grass was brown and dead, it was blustery cold, and a few flakes of snow were beginning to drift down from the threatening dark clouds overhead. Glancing upwards, the sky appeared menacing - there seemed to be a good chance a snowstorm was on its way. A quick survey of the pasture revealed wherever they had landed, it surely wasn’t summer here. Does it snow in Texas? At the time, Forrest wasn’t exactly sure. “Olive let’s go around to the other side of Pegasus and see if we can spot any recognizable landmarks from there.”
“What are we looking for Forrest? Didn’t you say we should see some old, neglected oil wells, a grove of trees and a dilapidated barn? They are not here; we’re in the wrong place! Forrest what do we do now? I’m scared.”
“Calm down Olive Marie,” he said walking around to the opposite side of Pegasus. As he glanced off to the north a marvelous sight appeared to his searching eyes: a grove of trees, a number of oil wells, grazing cows and, best of all the old barn. Thank you Mike Watkins, thank you for not changing the landing coordinates, but... what is the date? 
Forrest now could confirm he was in Grandpa Scarburg’s cow pasture. It obviously was winter, which made it likely it could be, possibly, November, but what was the day and year, now those were the mystery questions.
“No! No!” Forrest yelled at Olive Marie.
“What! What is it Forrest?”
“I do not have the Johnson folder... it is still inside Pegasus, and the hatch will close in five minutes not to reopen for twelve hours. How long have we have been outside?” Forrest began to run around the ‘craft’ just as the circular hatch, hissed and closed. Forrest stepped back, the air was filled with a crackling noise and the snow was cascading in a circular motion around the time machine like a mini-tornado. As he watched, the beautiful metallic Pegasus began to dim, the sound of the bagpipes began to fade, and as swiftly as Pegasus arrived it was now gone!
Forrest stood petrified, what was he to do without his manila folder of the Johnson facts. He was devastated, how could he have been that stupid. The lack of the folder was going to be a problem all right, but he seemed to have a much bigger immediate problem - he had forgotten his coat and left it inside Mike Watkins’s office back at the laboratory. Forrest had forgotten to get it before he entered Pegasus!
It was cold, and the sky was beginning to darken as the snow fell in large half-dollar sized flakes? Fortunately, Olive Marie had grabbed her warm coat as they scrambled through the exit hatch. She also had fur-lined gloves in her pocket.
Forrest was glad Olive Marie was bundled up, but what was he to do? Grandpa Scarburg said it was about four or five miles to Clem and Penelope Ruby’s ranch house - the Ponderosa. It was too cold to make a long journey without a coat – they were in a pickle!! Forrest knew they couldn’t stand out there in the blowing snow and wait to freeze to death. They had to find some shelter until the hatch reappeared, but where could they find a protective shelter? Why yes, now Forrest had a thought, the decrepit, old barn Grandpa had mentioned - a truck was parked inside.

THE BARN

“We have to get to the old barn Sis, maybe it will shelter us until the hatch reopens.” As they walked toward the barn shivering Forrest thought, why wasn’t I paying more attention to the small details as Grandpa told us about his time-travel to Texas. Olive Marie and I are here now; we sure could use some of his experience.
Forrest remembered Grandpa said the barn was old. He had not been exaggerating, dirt was old, and this thing was running a close second. He reached for the sliding door, would it open? He was afraid rather than sliding the door it might just tumble over on them both, but to his surprise, when he tugged on it, it moved. Forrest pushed on it, creating a small opening, barely enough for them to slip their bodies inside. There were no windows, but enough light came through the small door opening to see an old truck sitting in the hallway of the barn, covered in dust and bits of hay and other barn debris. The decrepit barn smelled of old hay, rot and mold. Even though, a strong scent of cow manure filled the air it was dry, and provided a barrier between the terrible biting north wind, snow and the two of them.
“Forrest, what about this old truck – do you suppose you can drive it?”
Forrest didn’t think so, but he did not want Olive to hear him say it. Without speaking, they walked over to the old truck. He could see it was a dirty, green, old Ford with a mounted toolbox, what year? The best he could come up with was just to put the year as ‘ancient’.
He grabbed the door handle on the driver’s side... wow! He thought his fingers were going to stick to the metal. Stick like the little kid who applied his tongue to the flagpole, but seriously it was cold, although not that cold. Opening the door, he noticed something lying on the seat. Surprised Forrest pulled in out into the light. He recognized it as an old work coat and inside the pockets he found a pair of gloves. Wasn’t much, but a lot more than he had when he first got inside this old, weather-beaten barn.
Forrest had finished slipping his nearly frozen fingers down deep into the gloves when Olive Marie pointed out the key was still in the Ford’s ignition. Funny thing though it was sticking out of the dash and not the steering column, Forrest had to see if it would crank.
He slipped in behind the steering wheel. Man, plastic seats are cold! Funny what you think of, he thought, did they even make plastic when Detroit built this truck? “Olive Marie where is ‘Drive” on this thing?” 
“Forrest, you are asking me? Honestly, I’ve never even seen a truck this old, much less been inside one!”
He gazed at the dash in front. Forrest saw a large round dial surrounded with numbers, numbers obviously indicating they were part of the speedometer. Mounted close to the speedometer were an oil gauge, a fuel gauge, a temperature gauge and one reading ‘AMP’. This one must be for the battery, he reasoned. Forrest had always been used to the modern automobile digital numbers on his dash console, those mechanical gauges were as foreign to him as the truck was old. He could see there were no indicators for “D”, “P”, “R” or anything else; however, there was the long metal gearshift sticking out of the floor right where his console gearshift would be on his Camaro. He questioned Olive Marie, “Olive, do you actually suppose we can drive this truck? This thing is a stick shift!”
“Forrest, please just do whatever you have to do, you know I can’t tell you anything about this truck! I don’t even know anything about my own car at home.” She added quickly, “Which, by-the-way, I probably will never see again.”
Oh well, he thought, I know the gearshift sticking out of the floor is used to change the gears, I’ll figure out just how in a minute. He turned the key just a tad, and heard a motor under the hood began to grind. Surely this had to be a good thing, he thought. The truck instantly lunged at least a couple of feet forward; he knew this was a bad thing. Whoa, he thought, slamming his foot hard on the brake. 
“Darn it, Forrest you trying to kill us?”
Looking down at the floor he knew stick shifts had a brake and a clutch pedal; although, he had never actually driven one he knew along with the ‘whoa’ something had to be done with that clutch in the cranking and driving process.
He had ridden in cars of his friends that had stick shifts, he mostly knew how they worked, and had driven a couple before, but was not quite sure this old truck would be the same. Before turning the key again, he surmised it might be useful if he and Olive Marie familiarize themselves with those old Ford’s operating parts before they continued. 
He saw the accelerator pedal. It was the same as the one on his car, check. And the brake, yeah, he knew how it worked. Forrest decided to place his left foot on the clutch pedal, but before he did he pushed hard with his right foot on the brake. Was he ever a sight - sitting there with both legs stretched out and both feet on the brake and clutch pedals, and both hands firmly grasping the big ole steering wheel? He knew he must have had a terrified look on his face, but Forrest didn’t want this old Ford running through the end of the barn! They needed the truck! Besides he didn’t want to kill himself or Olive Marie, but he must have been funny looking because he took a glance toward Olive and could see she had her hand over her mouth snickering.
“Forrest, my boyfriend Ryan’s car is a stick shift, and I have watched him drive it. He pushes the clutch then changes gears using this shifter thing.”
With both feet still pressing hard on the two pedals, and both hands firming gripping the steering wheel he said, “Okay, your driving lesson was good to know now turn the key on the dash while I hold on.” Olive grasped the key and turned. From under the hood Forrest heard that grinding motor sound again - that has to be the starter trying to turn this old, cold motor, he reasoned. Over it turned, once, twice and on the third time it sputtered. That was good; in fact, it was real good the truck did not lunge this time. It needed a bit of gas, but Forrest was afraid to lift his foot from the brake and push the accelerator, but he must. He moved his right foot and touched the gas pedal ever so slightly and quickly returned his foot to the brake – Olive turned the key again and the starter turned the engine a turn or two, and the old Ford came to life. They felt extremely proud of themselves as they sat there, in the old barn, on their frozen seat listening to the motor chug right along. It was a terrific feeling, but what were they to do now?
Now there were a lot of things Forrest didn’t know about old manual shift Ford trucks, but there was one thing he did know – he believed they had heaters. He could see the lever on the dash, which surely must be the heater control. He hoped it would turn on some life saving heat! With feet still holding hard against the two pedals, he asked Olive Marie to turn on the heater. As she moved the lever they both looked for the vents in the dash to feel the heat begin to flow. Looked is correct since there were no vents for them to see! What was the sensation Forrest felt at his feet? There it was, he felt a bit of warmth beginning to seep out from under the dash. It was warm air. The truck’s heater was beginning to provide the much-needed heat he and Olive Marie so badly needed.
All right, the fuel gauge indicated the tank was full (or was it broken?); it surely had enough to keep them warm for a few minutes. Now, since they weren’t freezing to death, he could ponder their next movements. Forrest did not know the time, the crystal on his wristwatch, was broken, and his watch had stopped running. Olive Marie did not even have a watch. Grandpa had not mentioned this phenomenon; however, he must assume he had arrived at the same time as Grandpa did. Thinking back, the time should be around 12:30 on December 20, 1963.
Wait a minute, Forrest thought, if Grandpa returned at 12:30, December 20 in 1963 and we are here at, I guess, 12:30 on the same date... how can this be possible. It can’t be! I know enough physics to realize two objects cannot occupy the same space at the same time. We may have traveled back in time, but space is space – something was wrong. Either Grandpa misspoke his arrival time or today wasn’t 12:30 on the 20th of November 1963! 
Now Forrest began to doubt they were in the ‘right’ cow pasture, he wasn’t even sure they were in Texas. No! It had to be, how many pastures would have the grove of trees, the cows, the oil wells and this old barn with an ancient Ford truck sitting inside. He supposed it wasn’t beyond the realm of reason, but if this were not his Grandpa’s pasture it would be pushing coincidences to the limit.
All of a sudden he had a revelation! Forrest remembered his Grandpa had told about how he traveled from one Parallel Universe back forty-nine years and arrived in the cow pasture in another Parallel Universe. At 12:30 Friday Grandpa would change the Parallel Universe path of the Earth again. Is it possible there are dozens if not hundreds of Parallel Universes? Forrest thought. We may be in ‘C’ or ‘D’ or who knows which one. This Universe stuff was beginning to make his head hurt. He decided since he could not do anything about it, he would forget about it and continue with his original plan (whatever that was).
Regardless of where they arrived, the door on the time machine would not re-open for another twelve hours, he knew for certain this was correct. Forrest wondered how long it would take to walk to Clem and Penelope’s house. He had to do something because in exactly twenty-four hours from now Pegasus was going to return to the lab at SCAR headquarters. Wait a minute, he thought of something, Grandpa was SUPPOSED to leave Texas on Saturday December 23, 1963 twenty-four hours after his arrival. Mr. Rousseau messed with the setting on Grandpa’s gauges, and Grandpa ended up arriving on Wednesday November the 20th, so he had from Wednesday until Saturday to complete his mission. Although he left Texas on the 23rd, he came back into the meeting in Washington, D.C., on the 22nd of November. He changed Universes!!
This was the predicament Forrest and Olive Marie were in. They did not know how much time they had. What if Mr. Watkins had changed the return time? Forrest wished he had paid more attention to the ‘RETURN’ dial. That will be the first thing he would check when the hatch re-opens. Even assuming they were in Texas on Wednesday November the 20th, they only had one day to find out about the meeting with Vice President Johnson at Clint Murdock’s house. They had to be at the party Thursday night the 21st.
Sitting in the truck, the motor running, incredibly warm air poured out from the heater thawing their frozen bodies. Forrest wondered how he and Olive were going to spend the next twelve hours.
Olive exclaimed, “Forrest, I don’t know if I should thank you or not for letting me come with you, but I have just one question since we are here,” she emphasized waving her arms through the air. “Tell me again what are we doing in Texas? I know you said something about this Murdock fellow, but what are we hoping to accomplish?
The cab of the Ford had warmed to the point Olive Marie felt comfortable enough to engage in conversation, “Forrest, tell me more about this Mr. Murdock and Margaret White. “Do you seriously think this Margaret White woman was telling the truth, and President Johnson actually had something to do with the Kennedy assassination?”
“Sis it is not even known whether Margaret White was the girlfriend of President Johnson or not. All we have is her word. Even if she was his girlfriend, and was at a party at Clint Murdock’s estate the night before President Kennedy was assassinated, just her saying it does not prove President Lyndon Johnson was there nor had anything to do with the assassination.”
“Forrest, where in the devil did you find all this information?”
“From Kym Holmes.”
“Who is she?”
“I don’t believe you know her Sis. Remember last summer Grandpa had me working in SCAR’s Department of Research well I thought when we got a chance to go to Dallas to work on the Kennedy Assassination I wanted to be ready. Kym is one of their best research specialists, so I picked her brain daily for information that might be of use to us. Clint Murdock was just one piece of information she supplied.”
“Okay, but how does that concern us?”
Little Sister, now I’m getting to the good part! That is what you and I are doing in Texas. This is ‘The Plan’, what do you think?” 
“Think? Think what, Forrest? All you have done is rambled on and on about some Texas millionaire, Lyndon Johnson and his so-called girlfriend. As I said, how does this concern us?”
“I filed the information away Kym Holmes gave me, thinking this would be something I could investigate when the time was right. Well, Sis the time is right - right now. We’re going to the Clint Murdock’s estate and see who shows up at his party. Especially, we want to see if Lyndon Johnson makes an appearance. If Johnson comes to Murdock’s party, and meets with a bunch of high-level politicians then the story his ‘girlfriend’ Margaret White told is probably true. If we could hear what they discussed in their meeting, maybe it might provide evidence there was a conspiracy by the Vice President of the United States to assassinate the President of the United States.”
“Why Forrest? Why would the Vice President be involved in something so sinister?”
“Just look at the title in front of his name: “Vice”, Vice President Johnson”. He wants the ‘Vice’ removed, he would like his title to be just “President Johnson”.
“How... how are we going to find out whether the Vice President came to the party or not?”
“Questions! Questions, Olive Marie, I don’t know... I didn’t say I had all the answers. In fact, I don’t have any of the answers. If I had it already solved, there would be no reason for you and me to be here. I’ll just have to figure it out as I go along.”
“Okay Forrest, let me see if I’ve got this straight. We have time-traveled forty-nine years into the past. We are now, supposedly, in the year 1963. Let me see if I’ve got this right: you’ve got me in a frozen, snow covered, dilapidated barn, sitting in a truck that is probably a reject from the 1950s, freezing my butt off, and now you’re saying you don’t know what ‘The Plan’ is? Is this about right?”
“Now Sis don’t get upset! It’ll come to me, it always does. Just give me a minute to think... all I’ve been doing is talking to you.” For the next few minutes, Forrest sat thinking. Olive Maria went to the barn door to check the weather conditions.
Getting back into the truck, “Okay Forrest – I’ve got good news and bad.”
“Dog gone it Sis, you know I hate those good and bad news things. Okay, I’ll play along, give me the bad news first.”
“It is snowing, and snowing real hard... there must be four or five inches of snow on the ground now, and it seems to have gotten a lot colder.”
“Okay, now give me the good.”
“The good Forrest is, I have a plan. I know it’s not ‘The Plan’, but at least it is ‘a plan’.”
Olive Marie sat there in the old Ford and outlined a series of clandestine operations she thought might work. She actually came up with some things Forrest had not even thought about. Yes, his Sis, little Olive Marie... (let’s be honest he didn’t have anything). Her first comment concerned the weather. She correctly explained the frivolity of sitting in this old barn all night and patiently waiting until 12:30 tomorrow afternoon. Her concern was the temperature was dropping, and they probably would run out of gas long before seeing the hatch open again. If they ran out of gas they were going to be in deep do-do, and not the cow kind piled in and around this old barn. The worst part: they probably would freeze to death before anyone ever found them. They couldn’t walk in this blizzard; so she purposed Forrest drive the truck to Clem and Penelope’s Ponderosa before the snow could get any deeper.
“Drive! Drive!” Forrest had to come clean. “Sis, I have to admit I am embarrassed – I don’t know how to drive this thing!” 
“It’s okay Forrest, I knew you didn’t... let me think...”
Olive Marie had another idea. She said, if Forrest would let her, she believed she could figure out how to drive the truck. She reemphasized she had watched her boyfriend drive his Mustang, and knew she could drive this ole Ford.
Before he had a chance to protest she continued, “We knock on Clem and Penelope’s door and seek refuge from the storm. Grandpa has explained how warmhearted the two of them are so getting them to invite us to stay overnight will probably not be too hard.” For her plan to work she asked if Forrest knew, without his notes in Pegasus, where Clint Murdock lived?
He explained he had memorized the directions to the Murdock estate by listening to Ms. Holmes talk. He said it was located on the north side of Dallas at 45 Ash Hill Lane. Ash Hill is just off Hwy 279 about forty miles from their present position in Celina, Texas (assuming they were actually near Celina). 
“Forrest,” said Olive Marie. “Grandpa said Clem was a part-time limo driver, and Penelope was a waitress. They must have uniforms! If we had those uniforms you could pose as a chauffeur and I could pretend to be a maid, we could go to the estate, snoop around the grounds and watch who comes and goes. I might even get close enough to hear some of the conversation from the meeting room.”
“No! No, Olive Marie! That is far too dangerous. The people who would kill the President of the United States would not hesitate to murder us if we got caught. I cannot allow you to be put into such a perilous situation.”
“Oh, come on Forrest, don’t be such a wimp, we can do it!”
Forrest had to admit he didn’t have anything better, so he reluctantly agreed. If they were going to find better shelter from this snowstorm, they had to leave this barn. That left two choices: they could walk (that was out of the question), or they could drive this old Ford truck (driving was almost as dire). Given the two options, the only one viable was to drive the truck.
“Sis, okay your plan has merit, I admit, but I’m worried about you and this truck.”
“Forrest, I’m going to turn off the ignition key, you are going to get out, open the barn door, and I am going to slide over under the wheel. I noticed on top of the gearshift is a diagram with an ‘R’, a ‘1’, a ‘2’ and a ‘3’. Those obviously are the gear positions - I know I have seen Charles push in the clutch and shift into first gear when he stops at a red light. Using logic, we must start in Number ‘1’. Jump out and get the barn door open. Forrest, trust me, I’ve got this baby under control.”
Opening the door, Forrest kept thinking, this is crazy; Sis couldn’t drive this truck on a sunny day in July. Now here we are in a blinding snowstorm, miles from who knows where, and she doesn’t even have a road to drive on. After opening the barn door, he noticed a narrow trail leading from the barn. It meandered across the pasture toward the outline of a big grove of trees about a quarter of a mile away toward the east. The weeds and grass that had flourished in the hot Texas summer by the trails edge now lay wilted and dead outlining its path perfectly. If Olive could get this old truck moving, and follow this meager path in the pasture they just might get out of there alive. Maybe a ‘real’ road would be just beyond the trees...

INTO THE BLIZZARD

Olive, with her hands gripping the steering wheel and her foot firmly pushing in on the clutch pedal, instructed Forrest to slowly turn the ignition key. The little V-8 Ford engine came to life with a roar. She tapped the accelerator a time or two just to get the feel of it. Once her nervousness had subsided she turned to him and nodded her head. They were ready! She indicated she was going to shift the ‘stick’ into first gear. This she accomplished flawlessly. Now for the big test - she began to release the clutch pedal out slowly - the truck moved! It actually moved. She gave it a bit of gas and through the open door of the barn the old truck rolled.
“Sis don’t stop,” Forrest cautioned her, keep moving, and just follow the outline of the trail in the snow.”
Out into the snow they ventured and was it ever snowing! It was coming down so hard, within seconds it had started to pile up on the windshield. 
“Forrest, do something, turn on the windshield wipers, I can’t see.”
Frantically, he searched the dash. There it was. He turned the knob and the wipers began to work. While he was searching for the switch, he noticed a position on the heater control labeled ‘DEF’, quickly he deduced ‘Defrost’ and he shifted the control into the ‘DEF’ position and noticed heat began blowing directly onto the lower section of the windshield.  “Just stay on the trail Sis.” Surprisingly, the four-wheel drive truck was moving through the five inches of snow quite well. Leaving the pasture they made a right turn onto a more substantial road. Forrest remembered his Grandpa had said Clem and Penelope’s house was just a few miles down this Texas Farm to Market Road Number 604. He cautioned Olive Marie to keep her hands on the wheel, and he would look for the turnoff to the Ponderosa. Fortunately, Olive Marie had the truck in first gear since the snow had gotten so deep, shifting into a higher gear would have been impossible, even if she had known how to do it. They were cruising along at a snail’s pace of five miles per hour, but they were at least moving.
“Sis, ahead on the right, I see the road.”
Thankfully, he said to himself. He had begun to get worried. They had been driving for over an hour, and daylight on this snowy day was beginning to fade into the dark gray, dimness of the evening. Darkness was not going to be too far behind. Forrest believed it would be suicide to try to drive in this raging blizzard after the sun went down and night was upon them.
A couple of miles from the main road, as their truck rounded a bend in the road he caught a glimpse of the Ponderosa through a small grove of leafless, hardwood trees, cedars and a majestic red oak situated in the very middle. It was as beautiful as their grandfather had described. What a serene picture - the house covered in snow; the evergreens planted all around; branches heavily laden with snow; their green branches added contrast to the stark whiteness of the raging blizzard. It was a Norman Rockwell painting.
Standing on Clem’s porch Forrest used one hand to shelter his face from the biting snow driven wind, with the other he knocked on the door. From inside they could hear the bark of a dog and footsteps approaching the door, “I’m sorry,” Forrest said as Clem cracked opened the door a few inches, “We do not mean to bother you, but we have gotten caught in this storm, and it is getting dark. I’m afraid we are lost. Could you be so kind as to point us in the right direction?” Standing beside Clem was the beautiful dog Grandpa had spoken of. He was correct – she was a gorgeous, sable and white, miniature dog. Forrest knew Lady was her name. 
“Lands sake, you two - git yerselfs in this house, y’all goin’ to freeze to death,” Clem said motioning them inside. “Take off them thar snow covered coats and set yerselfs down in front of this here farplace and git warm. Penelope fetch these folks some hot chocolate. They need their innards warmed.” Clem opened the hall closet and hung their coats on a couple of wire hangers. The chauffeur’s uniform, waitress dress and apron hanging in the closet did not go without Forrest’s notice either.
Returning from the kitchen Penelope handed two large cup of steaming hot chocolate to both Olive Marie and Forrest, “Goodness gracious folks what in the world were y’all doing out on sech a night.”
“We just got turned around in the storm and got on the wrong road, I guess. I’m sure glad we turned down the road to your house. We thank you for the chocolate. It sure is good.”
Olive Marie added, “We just came from up the road apiece, and now that we know where we are, and you have given us something to warm us up, we need to be getting on and stop bothering you folks.”
“Well now you just hush you mouth gal! You two ain’t goin’ back out into that thar snow storm tonight. Yer staying right here with us, if’n that be all right with y’all.”
“Thank you ma’am that’s real hospitable of you.”
“Oh, ain’t nothin’, now you two git yerself warmed, and we’ll set another couple of plates on the table. I got a big pot of hot beef stew in yonder on the stove. Y’all look like you could stand a good, hot meal. Me and Clem wuz jest gettin’ ready to et supper.”
“Yes ma’am, we haven’t, I mean we ‘ain’t’ had nothing to eat in a while.”
“Okay, first my name ain’t ma’am it’s Penelope and this here is my brother Clem. We’s Clem and Penelope Ruby, and the dog over yonder is...”
“Lady...,” Forrest blurted out before thinking.
“Say!! How’ed you know her name?”
“Oh,” stammering to find a suitable answer, “well... well,” finally a response came to him, “she is... she is such an elegant looking dog, I cannot see any reason why she could be named anything else.”
“Yeah, your right, I wuz goin’ call her ‘Girl’ but somehows the name ‘Lady’ just popped into my head one day.”
“Nice to meet you both,” Forrest said. “This is my sister Olive Marie, and I am Robert Scarburg but they call me Forrest.”
“Robert Scarburg... Robert Scarburg...hmmm... now whar have I heered that name afore? Robert Scarburg... jest can’t seem to put my finger on it jest now, but it’ll come to me.”
Most of the night the wind whistled and roared around the corners and eaves of the house as the Texas blizzard continued. Around four in the morning, it seemed the howling was not dying down; the storm was far from over. Forrest slipped from his room and quietly tiptoed down the hallway to Olive Marie’s room. He grasped the doorknob as slowly as possible and turned it just barely enough to open the door. He hoped Clem’s door hinges were well oiled and would not squeak. Thankfully, the door made no noise. Entering Olive’s bedroom he saw she was still fast asleep. Snuggled up warm and toasty in one of Penelope’s homemade comforters. Silently he crept across the room to the edge of Olive’s bed. “Sis, sis,” he said in a soft whisper. “Sis,” he spoke again and gently shook her on the shoulder. 
“Huh...? Huh...? Is that you Forrest?”
“Yes, get up, but be quite. The storm is not letting up, but we need to get going.”
“Why so early Forrest? What time is it anyway?”
“Don’t worry about the time, it’s early, real early, but I checked out the clothes closet where Clem hung up our clothes when we first arrived. Clem’s limo driver’s uniform and Penelope’s waitress outfit are both hanging in that hall closet. If we can ‘borrow’ their clothes, and get out of here and into the truck without waking Clem and Penelope, the first step of your plan will begin.”
“But Forrest, I hate to steal from Clem and Penelope, they have been good to us, and they helped Grandpa too.”
“I know Sis, me too, but we’re not stealing, just borrowing. On the way back from our mission, we’ll stop, apologize and return their uniforms. How does that sound? Just get dressed we need to get going. It’s a long way to the Murdock place.”
“I just hope we are alive and able to come back!”
The first couple of steps from the bedroom out into the hall produced a slight squeaking of the boards on the floor. The sound was ever so slight, but to Forrest it sounded as though the boards were being torn from the floor. Surely Clem or Penelope heard that! Calm yourself, thought Forrest, it wasn’t that loud. Calm! Calm! The cold, north wind was still whistling outside, so he reasoned Clem or Penelope, hopefully, had not heard their footsteps; however, they were right outside Clem’s bedroom and Forrest knew one step on a loose board could cause Clem to spring out into the hall at any moment. He also knew Texans owned guns, and they were not afraid to use them. Stepping as softly as humanly possible the two of them tiptoeing slowly down the hall toward the closet. Before reaching the closet door, Forrest noticed a note pad and pencil lying on a small hall table. He hastily wrote Clem and Penelope a note: 
Clem and Penelope, 
Sorry we had to leave early - we have an appointment - thanks for everything - will stop next time through and talk again. 
Forrest and Olive Marie Scarburg.
P.S. I had to borrow your chauffeur’s uniform and Penelope’s waitress outfit, we will return them, if possible, if not I left you some money. 
P.P.S. If people come looking for us, please tell them Olive Marie and I went to the Murdock place. They will understand.
Reaching into his wallet, he removed two ten-dollar bills and placed the money and the note on the table. Glancing into the living room, he could see Lady lying curled up, sleeping warmly in front of the fireplace. Please Lady, he thought, please do not wake up; however, they were not to be that lucky.
Lady raised her head, looked at the two, and as if she were aware of their plans, placed her head back down on the floor without as much as a whimper, and returned to sleep.
The time was 4:30 a.m., Thursday, November 21, 1963.

Chapter Thirty-Eight
“THEY FLEW IT OUT”

“Bob...! Bob...! Wake up, the phone’s ringing,” Baba sleepily moaned pulling the pillow over her head, “it will be for you, so you might as well answer it.”
“What,” he groggily answered. “What time is it?” Looking as his alarm clock on the bedside table, “Four-forty, who could be calling at this ungodly hour?” Picking up the phone, “Yeah, Scarburg here... What...? Say again...? When...? I’ll be right in,” the Captain answered, jumping out of bed and switching on the bedside lamp.
Removing her head from underneath the pillow Baba questioned, “What in the world is the matter Robert?”
“It’s Pegasus – Pegasus!”
“Well, tell me something! Has something happened to Pegasus?”
Hurriedly, trying to put on his clothes, he answered, “Happened! Happened! By-ned, someone has Pegasus.”
“Gracious Robert, I know someone has Pegasus. You all have it in your basement laboratory at SCAR headquarters.”
“No, no! Not SCAR, someone ELSE has Pegasus. HAS like in someone has STOLEN Pegasus!!
“Robert are you still asleep? No one can steal your precious Pegasus thing-a-ma-jig. How could they get your big machine up that narrow elevator shaft?”
“They FLEW it out!! Do you hear me woman, FLEW it out, someone STOLE my Pegasus!!” As the Captain finished dressing, he explained to Baba how the lab’s security system emits a blaring, ear splitting, siren sound throughout the entire building when the time-traveling machine is moved the tiniest bit without authority. Obviously, it has been moved more than a tiny bit he emphasized, it was GONE. The guard on duty at the entrance door was calling Captain Scarburg per SCAR’s Security Procedures. In fact, the Captain could still hear the alarms blaring in the background as he spoke to the guard on the phone.
Grabbing his keys he ran out the door to his car. Over and over he played different scenarios through his mind driving back to SCAR headquarters. His first thought was Ryan Rousseau. It had to be an inside job – entry to the lab level was by authorized personnel only, and no one but personnel in the laboratory would have enough expertise to energize and program the craft’s computer for flight. Number one priority was to find the whereabouts of Rousseau, and, oh yeah, he thought, don’t forget Mike Watkins. What was he thinking? No, not Mike, if he wanted to sabotage his Dallas flight, he would not have gone to all the trouble to design the on board communication system using the Tachyons. He knew it was not Mike; he had always done a superb job and the Captain considered him a trustworthy friend.
Now, Ryan Rousseau, there’s another story, the Captain thought. After the screw-up on my flight, I just do not trust that s.o.b. If it had not been for Clem Ruby, I would still be sitting in 1963 Texas, or some other God-forsaken place in the world, and in who knows what century! I just hope it is Rousseau. I’d like to see him get what’s coming to him! But where did he send Pegasus? And why? Was he trying to keep us from finding out something in Dallas?
Arriving at the front door, the Captain jumped from his car and bolted through the unlocked, glass doors into the SCAR lobby. A group of engineers, scientist and technicians along with Lou, Bud, Spook and Tinker, were standing around buzzing like bees to each other. Seeing the Captain come through the front doors, the group became graveyard quite.
“Okay, someone talk to me. What’s going on?” Were the first words out of Grandpa’s mouth, “and why aren’t you downstairs trying to figure this thing out?”
Spook hurried to meet Captain Scarburg halfway across the lobby, “Captain, we did not want to disturb anything until you arrived. There might be evidence. Evidence we didn’t want compromised until you had a chance to review it.”
“Good! Good thinking Spook. Give me a run-down.”
“Captain, I’m afraid you know about as much as we do. I got the call from security about the same time as you. We all hurried in, but were waiting on you before going downstairs. All we know is the movement detection alarm sounded at exactly 4:35 a.m. You were notified a minute or so later. The whole staff had the disturbing word within five minutes. As you can see, we all hastened to get down here to find out what the heck is going on.”
“So, your saying no one has gone down to the basement lab?”
“Yes, that is correct Captain, no one has gone down to the basement. The guard locked the elevator at the first sound of the alarm per Security Protocol. No one has gone down, and certainly no one has come up on the elevator or the stairs. If a thief were in the laboratory, he is still there.”
“Excellent work Spook. I want the security guard, you, Tinker, Lou, Bud and myself to go downstairs first. Once we have scoped out the situation the others may come down. You know there might be a slim chance this could be a false alarm. Where are Forrest, Ryan Watkins and Mike Rousseau?
“I hope ‘false alarm’ is the case Captain, but as far as the location of Forrest - the security people said they could not reach him on his emergency phone number. They couldn’t contact Olive Marie either, but Mike and Ryan are over there next to the elevator waiting on you.”
“Right!” The Captain said softly. “Darn, I just knew he would not be here.” He had all but guaranteed to himself Ryan Rousseau had been the Pegasus thief, now he was not so sure.
“What was that Captain? I didn’t understand, is something the matter?”
“No, sorry Spook, just thinking out loud. Come on let’s get downstairs.”
As he finished keying in the elevator security code, Spook turned and questioned, “Captain, how could someone steal Pegasus? That would be impossible. The only two men capable of energizing the time machine are standing by the elevator, Ryan Rousseau and Mike Watkins, and I talked to them both. Unless they are better liars than I am an interrogator, and I was trained by the best the CIA had, I believe they are telling the truth. They know nothing about the disappearance of Pegasus.”
The elevator descended to the basement laboratory in a matter of seconds. The bell sounded to indicate the door was opening. The group hesitated for a moment and allowed the guard with his drawn pistol to step out into the main hallway leading to the launch facility. The few steps he took to reach the two swinging doors were covered quickly. Pushing open the doors the large circular room was ablaze with lights. It appeared every source of illumination, from the bulbs in the machinery to the overhead spotlights, was aglow. The guard turned and motioned for the group still lingering in the elevator to follow. At first glimpse, it appeared no intruder was inside the laboratory. 
It became quite obvious, the alarm had been activated due to the tightness of the security system – the spot in the center of the room where the machine usually rested was empty – the scent of ozone was still apparent in the air. Another thing was quite apparent, their worse fears were realized - Pegasus was gone!
“Come in here Captain Scarburg!” Spook yelled from Mike Watkins’s control room. Hurrying into Mike’s office, he saw Spook holding a garment of clothes in his outstretched hand.
“What are you holding Spook?”
“A coat Captain – Forrest’s coat. I know it is his because Tinker and I gave it to him for Christmas!”
“What in the world would Forrest’s coat be doing down here? He hasn’t worked with Mike for a couple of weeks. Spook call back upstairs and have Mike and the rest of the staff come down. Maybe they can see something we are missing.”
Mike entered the launch facility and immediately went to his office. “Mike when was the last time Forrest worked with you?”
“It has been a few weeks, at least. Why do you ask Captain?”
“His jacket was lying on your desk... do you know any reason why his coat would be here?”
“All I can say for certain Captain, at five p.m. last night when we shut the lab down and went home, Forrest’s coat was not on my desk. I have no idea where it came from, but if you want you can follow me back to the Security room, and we can take a look at the security tapes. As you know, there are cameras covering every inch of this facility. A fly cannot travel across the launch room without being recorded on tape. Also, the banks of computers at the side of the room record every gauge, every instrument, every knob turned, and every switch activated. Nothing in this lab goes unnoticed or unrecorded.”
“Mike, I am going back upstairs to my office to prepare a strong pot of black coffee. If it wern’t so early, I might have to include something a touch stronger than coffee. Mike, who in the world could have stolen my Pegasus?”
A voice from the back of the room interjected, “I can assure you Captain Scarburg it was none of my personnel here in the lab. Only Mike and I had sufficient knowledge to launch Pegasus.”
What? Thought the Captain. That’s Ryan Rousseau…! He couldn’t be the thief! Directing his question to Rousseau, “Obviously it was not you two, but then who?” Agitated, the Captain flung his arms into the air and announced, “I want the guilty party. Mike get on those tapes, let’s see who the culprits were.”
“I want you and your team to scrutinize those computer tapes. Go over the video frame by frame. I will be in my office, bring the results to me as soon as possible. Before I go, may I have a word with you in private Mike?”
“Mike, I did not want to speak to you in the presence of the others. What I have to say needs to remain between the two of us. I do not want Ryan Rousseau involved in this search.”
“Captain? He is the Chief of Experimental Design and the Flight Director. He would know more about Pegasus than any of us. He would be the perfect person to solve this problem!”
“Yes, you’re correct, but… I should have told you earlier, my last mission was sabotaged. I believe Rousseau manipulated my flight control computer. The wrong dates and times had been input into the onboard master controller. If it had not been for an industrious individual I found in Celina, Texas in 1963 I would still be marooned or somewhere in another Parallel Universe, in God knows what century.”
“Wait a minute Captain, if you suspected Rousseau you must have also suspected me. I was the person responsible for inputting the computer data.”
“No, you were not a suspect in the sabotage attempt Mike. I knew, after you told me about your genius inspired Pegasus communication system you were not involved. If you wanted me lost in the unknowns of the Universe, why go to the trouble to develop a way for us to communicate across time and space?”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence Captain. Go have your coffee, and I will get on these computer readouts, and have a look at the security footage from around 4 a.m. this morning. I’ll find out who our thief is, I guarantee it.”
The time was 5:05 a.m., Thursday, December 6, 2012.

Chapter Thirty-Nine
DOWN AN ICY ROAD

Leaving the Ponderosa on their way down Clem and Penelope’s long, snow covered road, which led to the main highway, Olive Marie remarked, “Forrest, I’m scared. This snow is getting pretty deep. I think we should turn around and go back to the safety of the Ponderosa. I don’t know if I can do this.”
“You’re doing fine Sis, just keep’er between the ditches. With this snow and the speed we’re making, it’s going to take quite a while to get to Clint Murdock’s place. That’s assuming we don’t get lost or stuck. I figure it will be in the middle of the afternoon before we get there, and it’s imperative we be at his place tonight. We have only one chance and tonight’s the night.”
Slipping, sliding and churning on through the snow they finally reached the Celina to Dallas highway. “Turn right Sis, Dallas is that way,” he said pointing south with his finger. “We will follow this road until we reach Highway 279. That Texas state highway should take us directly into Dallas. The Murdock place is on the north side of Dallas, to the left of 279. You keep this thing on the road, when we get close to Dallas I will look for the Addison Airport turn-off. It should be on our right. If I remember the map correctly, the Cedar Springs Road should be right across the highway.
“Okay, sounds good Forrest. Now what is the ‘Plan’ once we get to the Murdock place?”
“Well Sis, The thirteen-acre estate comes complete with seven bedrooms, eight baths and a mere 19,600 square feet of floor space. The antebellum styled home is located at the end of a long, water oak lined driveway. The drive ends in a circle, in front of the main residence.”
“Thanks Forrest for the tour, I don’t want to buy it... just explain ‘The Plan’.”
“Oh, sorry Sis, I got carried away. Okay, ‘The Plan’, there is only one way in and only one way out of the mansion – it’s the long driveway. I figure we can park across the street from the driveway entrance and wait until around 6 or 6:30 tonight. While waiting we will change into Clem’s chauffeur and Penelope’s maid outfit, and when the time comes we drive down the driveway. That’s it Sis, I’m blank, I have nothing more.”
“What do you mean, ‘That’s it’! That’s It! Are you crazy Forrest? Where is ‘The Plan’? 
“Okay, I have exhausted all I had on ‘The Plan’, I only figured on getting to the Murdock house. Now I need to come up with something else, let me think...” 
“Okay genius,” Olive Marie said. “What about this:  the party will probably begin, I’d say, around sevenish or so. The guests should start arriving about 7:00 or 7:30. You stay outside, dressed in your cute, black, chauffeur’s uniform and take note of the guests coming into the house. Just mingle with the other chauffeurs; they will never get wise to your plans.
“I will, at the same time, go around back to the kitchen entrance. I will tell the person in charge of the serving staff that I was sent over from the temp agency to help with the party. They probably have so many servants; they will never notice one more server. Once I get inside, I’ll carry drinks and hors d’oeuvres to the guests and listen to any conversation I might hear. If I see President Johnson come in, I will try to work near the room where he is supposed to have his ‘assassination’ meeting and see if I can hear what they are talking about.”
“Dog-gone it Sis, that sounds like an interesting plan, it might actually work. In fact, that was almost the same plan I was about to come up with.”
“Yeah, right, but we have another problem Forrest, the tank was full when we left Grandpa’s cow pasture, but by the time we get to Clint Murdock’s estate we will be running on fumes. Do you have any money?”
“No problem Sis, I have about two hundred dollars in my wallet.”
“What type money?”
“What do you mean what type? Fives, tens and twenties... good ole American greenbacks, cash, dough, you know, spending money.”
“Forrest, you cannot use our ‘new’ currency. Remember we are in 1963!! Our money is not real to these people. Your money is from the 21st century. It is fake money to them. Wait, what is that look you are giving me? What? What is it Forrest?”
“I left some money for Clem and Penelope on their hallway table. Two ten-dollar bills - two new 2012 ten-dollar bills!”
“What are we going to do Forrest? The money is probably not a problem anyway, I’m sure all the service stations are closed due to this blizzard.”
“Give me a minute, let me think... We can’t worry about Clem and Penelope now, but, you’re right, gas is a big problem. I noticed a garden hose and an empty five-gallon gasoline can in the bed of this truck. We need to find a car and ‘borrow’ some of its gas.”
“You mean steal it!!! Forrest I’m ashamed of you, stealing someone’s gas!!”
“You got a better idea, or do you just want to sit in this truck and let your toes and fingers freeze when we run out of gas? In addition to being froze we will miss the Murdock party, besides you already said I couldn’t leave any more of my ‘new’ money for payment, so yes ‘steal’ it, it’s the only way. I’m sorry, but sometimes a wrong is not necessarily wrong. There are international laws in the case of emergencies that cover situations just like ours.”
“Where did you hear such a ridiculous idea?”
“I don’t know, but it sounds better than ‘stealing’.”
Thinking hard about their predicament, she reluctantly said, “I’ll keep an eye out for an empty car where the owner has abandoned their vehicle. Hope we can find one with a full tank!”
The likelihood of finding such an automobile seemed particularly good – no one else was crazy enough to be out on this wind and snow driven road on this cold, blustery, wintery day. The automobiles that had ventured out and gotten caught in the storm were being left unattended up and down the county road leading to the main Highway 279.
A few miles down the snow covered Farm to Market Road Forrest noticed a Texas highway sign. Although, partially covered with windblown snow, he could barely read the numerals “279”. The rest of the sign was illegible, but he was sure it was indicating the main thoroughfare lay just ahead. Before entering the road south to Dallas, they had noticed a large grouping of cars had been left on the side of the road. Their owners abandoned them to seek shelter from the blizzard. Perfect opportunity thought Forrest.
“Stop anywhere in the road Sis. You cannot pull over to the side, but it doesn’t matter there is no traffic on this road anyway. Stay here in the cab, keep the heater going and I will be right back.”
Jumping out of the truck, Forrest grabbed the five-gallon can and a six-foot section of rubber garden hose. He had not lost his siphoning skills, in a couple of minutes he had a can full of fuel. Using a funnel from the back of the truck Forrest had the five gallons poured into their tank in no time; however, he could not pass up the opportunity – he quickly moved on to another vehicle and withdrew another can of gasoline. Getting back into the truck after pouring the last five gallons into their tank, he tried to thaw his frozen hands with the warm air coming from the heater vent. “Ooh Forrest, you smell of gasoline.”
“Fine, complain of the smell as you stay nice and warm for the next few hours.”
Once they started down the main highway, Highway 279 to Dallas, instead of making better time, stranded vehicles left in the road hampered their progress. Olive Marie had to maneuver around the abandoned cars and trucks, paying close attention not to slide into any of them or off the road into the roadside ditch.

Little did Forrest and Olive Marie realize it, but their Pegasus ride back to 2012 was at that precise moment, beginning to dematerialize and was about to disappear. For the last five minutes, it had been sitting in full view in the cow pasture, northwest of Celina, Texas with its entrance hatch opened widely awaiting someone to enter; however, no one would enter since the two people it was waiting on were at this very minute traveling down the snowbound Texas Highway 279 from Celina to Dallas, Texas.
They were about to miss their Pegasus return flight home!
The time was 12:29, Thursday, November 21.

Chapter Forty
GOOD NEWS, BAD NEWS

Captain Scarburg was finishing his second cup of coffee preparing to pour his third when the door to his office burst open. He had been at his office since early yesterday morning and had pulled an all-nighter waiting on answers. It was a few minutes past 4 a.m., almost twenty-four hours since Pegasus ‘vanished’. Startled, Grandpa turned to seek the source of the intrusion. It was Mike Watkins.
“What the devil Mike... come on in... hope you have good news.”
“Sorry, Captain, but I knew you wanted answers to the missing Pegasus, and you wanted them as soon as possible. I got’em. As you know, we worked all day yesterday and on through the night. The persons who took Pegasus were clever; they switched off all the cameras and disabled all our intrusion detection devices in effect, at the time Pegasus disappeared. We could not see anything. We had no apparent photographic images, but they did leave a few nice fingerprints on the buttons and knobs they turned to change the flight setting. We extracted the prints and have spent most of the last twenty-four hours having the FBI identify whom they were.”
“Grab a seat Mike and fill me in. What did you find out?”
“Captain, I’ve got some good news and some bad.”
“Oh Mike, please...okay, give me the good news first.”
“We know who ‘stole’ Pegasus.”
“All right give me the bad.”
“It was Forrest and Olive Marie!”
“What? You must be mistaken! Not Forrest and Olive Marie, they are probably at home right this very minute.”
“Already checked Captain, both are missing.”
“I’m not totally surprised, especially after we found his coat, and neither of them came into work yesterday either. They both were upset because I would not let them have an actual part in going back to Dallas. What other information do you have Mike?”
“The security-monitoring camera and computer systems have a backup, but the backup system had been compromised too. We knew from the beginning it was an inside job since it took someone with detailed knowledge of our security systems to change the passwords that allowed us to get into the various computers, and see the security footage. It took our computer guys most of the day and into the night to break the codes, but by the time they had figured them out we had gotten the fingerprint information back from the FBI. The prints were a perfect match for Forrest and Olive Marie.
“Once we were able to gain access, the backup camera system plainly shows Forrest resetting the launch commands on the master control panel, and we also saw both of them entering Pegasus. Forrest set the launch time for ten minutes from the time he pressed the ‘LAUNCH’ button – ten minutes later your time-machine vanished, along with Forrest and Olive Marie.”
Topping off his cup Captain Scarburg walked across the room and sat down. His face was expressionless. Sitting there the Captain stared off into space as if no one were in the room with him, Mike asked, “Captain! Captain, are you all right?”
Taking a sip from his cup, he turned his attention to Mike as if he had not heard Mike’s comment, “Okay, now the big question. Did you determine the destination and period of time they where trying to achieve?”
“Captain, I have not changed any settings on Pegasus since you returned, and the recording computers indicate Forrest only changed the setting for the departure date. He changed it to yesterday’s date December 6, 2012. Forrest and Olive Marie were going back to Texas. If all went well they should have arrived on the same day and in the same place as you did previously. That would be 12:30 p.m., Wednesday, November 20, 1963 in your cow pasture near Celina, Texas. 
“Yeah, you’re right. The time and the place had been erroneously changed on the onboard computers. Shouldn’t your master control computer have the arrival date as Friday, November 22, 1963?” 
“There was one abnormality to your flight I discovered we didn’t know existed until now. The man I talked to... Clem something or other...”
“Yes, Clem Ruby.”
“Right, Clem Ruby, he reset Pegasus’s computer, but he could change the onboard computer only. The master computer here at SCAR picked up on the change and reprogrammed itself. In doing so the master computer changed another extremely critical date - it changed the Parallel Universe. You left in one Parallel Universe and returned in another. They left in the current Universe, but they are going to arrive in a totally different Parallel Universe. The master computer indicates they are going to another Parallel Universe, one yet to be identified. 
“You mean they will not arrive in the same Parallel Universe I was in? What are you saying Mike, speak to me so I can understand! How could this happen?”
“Captain, we never anticipated someone would be able to change the onboard computer to a different time and date as originally set on the master computer. The circuitry on the master just duplicated Pegasus’s computer when it began its return flight, and changed its internal program accordingly.” For some reason, unless we specifically program in the specific Parallel Universe we want to travel to, the master computer will assign the next available Universe in its program.”
“I think I am beginning to understand - tell me if I am wrong - Forrest and Olive Marie changed the departure date to yesterday Thursday, December 6, 2012 at 4:35 a.m. They were destined to Celina, Texas and should arrive on Wednesday, November 20, 1963 but in a different Parallel Universe. Pegasus will leave Texas on Saturday, November 23, 1963 at 12:30. How am I doing?”
“Good, but not so good Captain. You have it right until the coming back part. The master computer has them locked into a return exactly twenty-four hours after their arrival. That would be 12:30 on Thursday, November 21, 1963! They do not have until Saturday the 23rd!”
“Wait a minute Mike. Are you telling me...? What exactly are you telling me?
“Captain, I believe Forrest arrived on Wednesday the 20th, and will assume he and Olive Marie will have until Saturday the 23rd to get back inside Pegasus and return to the 2012. I’m afraid if they wait until Saturday they are going to be two days late. Pegasus IS going to leave on Thursday the 21st!”
“Okay Mike, now I’m really getting worried. Tell me exactly when we should expect Pegasus to reappear in the lab.”
“I have already given this some thought Captain. If they left here at 4:35 a.m. yesterday morning, regardless of the 12:30 arrival time in Texas, Pegasus will disappear at 4:35 a.m., our time today and return to our lab. 
From Forrest and Olive’s prospective Pegasus will disappear Thursday at 12:30, their time.”
“So, Mike your saying we have to sweat it out until 4:35 tomorrow morning?”
“I’m afraid not Captain. I have been trying to call them using the Tachyon communication system, but a couple of things had to have happened for it to work. To begin, Forrest or Olive Marie must have had their Smartphones with them, and they must have the phones turned on. For the Smartphones to work, even if they are turned on, they will still have to have to be within five miles of Pegasus. I tried every hour on the hour since yesterday morning, without success.”
“What are you saying Mike?”
“Captain you have six minutes until Pegasus should return and I emphasis ‘should’ because we are never sure it WILL return, but if it’s coming back it should reappear downstairs in our lab with Forrest and Olive Marie inside in a few minutes.” 
The time was 4:29 a.m., Friday, December 7, 2012.

Chapter Forty-One
THE CLINT MURDOCK ESTATE

Forrest had estimated that they would arrive at the Clint Murdock estate sometime around the middle of the afternoon. Now it was beginning to look more like a late afternoon rendezvous. The treacherous journey from Celina to Dallas, which on a warm, clear, summer day would have taken, at most, an hour, had now consumed most of the day. Today was anything but warm or clear and certainly was not summer. They had slipped, spun and trudged down the snowy road in the midst of a brutal Texas blizzard.
They were slowly coming to the outskirts of Dallas. “Sis we must be getting close. I will keep a sharp eye peeled for the Addison Airport cutoff.” No sooner had the words left Forrest’s mouth he saw the large green “ADDISON AIRPORT - NEXT RIGHT” sign. “Slow down Sis the Cedar Springs Road should be up here on your left.”
“Forrest, if I drive any slower we will stop!”
“There it is Sis, there on your left, just past the closed Texaco service station. Hey, look at the sign – gas 26.9 cents per gallon. I guess this is what they mean by the ‘good ole days’”
“Yeah, I see it Forrest,” she said turning onto the Cedar Springs Road. “What now?”
“Just a piece down this road should be Wood Valley. It will be on your left. Follow it and you will make one right turn onto Ash Hill Lane. The address, 45 Ash Hill shouldn’t be very far after the turn.”
It was ten minutes past five p.m. when they pulled across the street from the Murdock estate’s driveway and parked. The snow had gradually tapered off the farther south they drove from Celina. Here in Dallas a few flurries were still occurring, but the ground was only covered in two or three inches of snow. Most of the snowfall had taken place north of the city. The worst part of the blizzard with its deep snow and driven wind had been between the northern suburbs of Dallas to deep into the central part of the state of Oklahoma.
“Forrest, I’m worried!”
“Now Sis, just play your part - no one will be the wiser.”
“No, I’m not talking about that – we arrived in Texas yesterday, Wednesday at 12:30. Unless the instructions had been changed Pegasus should return home today, Thursday at 12:30, right? That was nearly five hours ago.” Without waiting for Forrest to answer, “What if Pegasus left without us? How are we going to get home Forrest? This is what I am worried about.”
“Nah, don’t worry, when Grandpa came here his instruments were set to allow him to leave on Saturday the 23rd. I’m fairly sure they were not changed. Pegasus will be right there waiting on us ‘til Saturday. Come on Sis, we have a mission to complete, everything will be fine.”
Little did Forrest realize, Olive Marie was right - they had a lot to worry about!
The time was 5:15 p.m., Thursday, November 21, 1963, a little over four and one-half hours after Pegasus had returned home - empty!!

Chapter Forty-Two
PEGASUS RETURNS HOME

Grandpa and Mike Watkins hurried into the outer reception area. Looking left toward Krista’s office he motioned with his hand, and shouted, “Come on Krissy, Forrest and Olive Marie are coming back! Come on, shake-a-leg we only have a few more minutes.
Running as fast as possible in her high heel shoes Krista caught up with Captain Scarburg and Mike at the elevator door. “Gracious Captain! What is going on? What do you mean, ‘Forrest and Olive Marie are coming back’? Where have they been?”
“Krissy, Mike said he knew who took Pegasus.”
“Who Captain? Who would be crazy enough to do such a thing?”
“Forrest and Olive Marie! They took it!”
“NO! Your wrong Captain, not my Forrest and Olive Marie!”
“I’m afraid so Krissy. We don’t know why they took Pegasus, but Mike has calculated, from the instruments in the laboratory the time machine should be returning within the next couple of minutes. We are on our way to the lab to wait Pegasus’s arrival, come join us. We are hopeful Forrest and Olive Marie will be inside.”
Entering the elevator she asked, “Captain? I don’t understand, why would the two of them take Pegasus? And where were they going?”
“We don’t know all the answers Krista, but we believe they were destined for Texas in the year 1963. Maybe in a minute or so things will become clearer.”
The elevator dropped swiftly from the fifth floor, the door dinged announcing their arrival at the laboratory in the basement. As the door opened the three bolted across the hall, past the security guard just in time to hear the sound of rustling wind and see the static electric charges jumping through the air. The faint whiff of ozone could also be detected. The miniature tornado like effect was beginning to appear in the center of the room. A swirling fog like haze was becoming prominent. Gradually the outline of the gleaming, silver craft began to appear. At this stage of re-entry, the whole machine was transparent. Within seconds, the transparency began to solidify, and the shiny, lustrous object settled down within the confines of the launch facility. The loud hissing noise almost overshadowed the faint tranquil bagpipes heard playing in the background. The escaping air indicating the hatch was opening, caused everyone to scamper to the hatch to await the exit of those supposedly inside the craft. The service platform was rolled up beside the hatch, and Captain Scarburg ran up the steps like a mad man.
Gaining the last step, he bent over and pushed his head inside the craft. The group standing around Pegasus was holding its collective breath – anxious with anticipation. Finally, Captain Scarburg withdrew his head, turned and exclaimed, “No!!” 
It was an exercise in futility, no one was inside – Pegasus was empty!
The Captain slowly stole one last glance into the machine then turned, and somberly walked down the steps with head bowed. Reaching the floor his expressionless face suddenly brightened as he turned to the assembled group. “Mike, Spook, Tinker, Sam Lin, Si Lei and Krista all of you to the conference room, now! Mr. Rousseau, prepare Pegasus for another flight, same departure time, leave the arrival time the same also. Let Pegasus settle down in the same cow pasture. Walking toward the exit to the elevator he spoke to Krista, “Call Dr. LJ and Rocky, I need them too.”

EVERYONE TO THE CONFERENCE ROOM

Once in the conference room everyone was buzzing as each took a seat. The last to arrive was Captain Scarburg with a thick manila folder. Walking to the podium, “Folks, I know we have just been disappointed since Forrest and Olive Marie did not return, but I have a glimmer of hope.” Knowing Krista was sick with worry he believed this would lift her spirits.
“If you all will remember back to our previous meeting when I assigned duties and responsibilities for our return to Dallas to dig into the John Kennedy assassination. I asked Spook, Tinker, Forrest, Olive Marie and you, Krista to stay behind and mind the store while we were gone. I had previously asked Sam Lin and Si Lei to go back to Bangkok, and investigate Ryan Rousseau and they successfully completed their task.
“Spook and Tinker have already provided some basic information on the Mafia’s connection with the assassination. That’s good guys keep working on that angle. Krista, you were to coordinate all the activities and keep everything in an orderly fashion. Mike your job was to ensure Pegasus was up and running for the return flight.
Now this brings us to the current situation - Forrest and Olive Marie,” the Captain said opening up the manila folder. “I know they were certainly not satisfied with being left behind. Forrest, I’m sure, believed he could be useful, and I relegated him to a minor role in our Kennedy mission. Olive Marie was mad because I said she was not old enough to participate. I believe these two concocted a plan. A plan, which they believed they could pull off, and prove to us, well actually me, they were able and capable of handling responsible SCAR assignments.
Spook replied, “Captain, we believe you are correct, but what are the new assignments?”
“I see two pressing actions. To begin, I need to go immediately back to Texas and find Forrest and Olive Marie and bring them home. They do not know the danger they are in!! To do this, I have instructed Mr. Rousseau to prepare Pegasus for a return trip as soon as possible.
“The second action involves you, Mike. I have informed you about my suspicions of Mr. Rousseau, and those suspicions were confirmed by the information Sam Lin and Si Lei discovered on their trip to Bangkok. Mr. Rousseau was back in the ‘60s and still today an active operative for the CIA. The CIA was involved in some downright terrible things during the Vietnam War. Things the CIA does not want uncovered and exposed to public scrutiny. I believe he was planted within the SCAR organization in order to keep tabs on us. I now further believe his assignment at SCAR was to intervene in any plans we might undertake to investigate the JFK killing. The CIA did not want us to find out they were deeply entangled with the shooting of the President, especially, their connection with Lee Harvey Oswald! 
“Since SCAR was formed, and even before it was started, we had a goal, to investigate the John F. Kennedy tragedy. Mr. Rousseau knew about our goal. I believe, it was his mission to sabotage our efforts if we made an attempt to pursue the Kennedy assassination, and he did a darn clever job on fouling up my first flight to Dallas.”
Opening the folder he said, “I believe Forrest thought if he could prove Vice President Johnson attended a party at the home of Clint Murdock the night before the presidential assassination he could show a connection between Johnson and the murder of Kennedy. A connection a lot of political big wigs wanted to be kept secret. Did Johnson, along with some of his powerful friends, plan or assist in the shooting of the President? I believe that was Forrest and Olive Marie’s mission - to find out.
“I’m getting ready to return to Texas, but Mike since I told Mr. Rousseau to program my departure and input all the coordinates, times and dates to the onboard computers for the flight, I need you to discreetly check all his input data and see if he is once again attempting permanently to get rid of me and send Pegasus to an unknown time and to an unknown place.
“I figure, he is going to change the master control computer’s flight data. I know he is intent on killing me. Here’s what I want you to do is sneak around, so he doesn’t know what you are up to, and change my arrival time to 12:30 p.m., Thursday, November 21, 1963 use the same GPS coordinates we originally used.”
“Wait a minute, Captain, you want to go back to the cow pasture?” Exclaimed Mike.
“Correct, if Forrest and Olive arrived on Wednesday at 12:30 and Pegasus returned home on Thursday at 12:30, one fact is known for sure: Forrest and Olive were not in the cow pasture. I want to begin my search for them at their last known position, in the pasture northwest of Celina, Texas. I want you to send me back Mike - I have to find them! And Mike, the key, make sure the Parallel Universe settings are set to the same Universe as the same one in which the kids arrived. I need to work in the same Parallel Universe only a couple of hours behind them.” 
“Sure, Captain, but what do you have in mind?”
“Since I will be trying to find our two lost ‘children’, Mike I want you to work on the Pegasus computers and have it return immediately after I arrive in Texas. Give me a few minutes to get out and onto the ground, and then bring Pegasus back home.”
“Okay, no problem Captain, but I don’t understand. What do I do with Pegasus then?”
“Mike program the master control computer’s arrival date for 9:00 a.m., Thursday, 21 November, 1963. Its coordinates will be the Texas School Book Depository building on the corner of Elm and Houston in Dallas.  
“Listen up LJ, Rocky, Lou and Bud this will be your flight. You four should depart just as soon as Pegasus has returned from my journey, and Mike has her up and ready to go. When I was on the roof of the School Book building, I saw the Dallas city vehicle impound lot directly behind the Book building. Those vehicles are held in the impound yard for, sometimes, months; therefore, no one would miss them if you were to ‘borrow’ a couple for a few hours. There are no guards, and no one observes any vehicles leaving or entering. Remember, 1963 is long before security cameras and sophisticated security surveillances were used.
“LJ and Rocky, after you ‘requisition’ a car from the impound facility head over to Jack Ruby’s place on the corner of Field and Commerce Street. I know the big boys from the Mafia will have a meeting with Jack Ruby around lunch. We need to find out what they are talking about. Do you think you can take care of that? Here are the snapshots I took of the men sittings around the table you might want to use them for identification purposes. Also, I have a list of their names Miss Kandy Barr provided take it along too. Another bit of information - the Carousel opens at 10:00 in the morning. If you arrive on the roof at 9:00, you have plenty of time to procure a car and get to the club a few minutes after they open, and well before the Mafia group arrives.
“Bud, you and Lou haven’t been forgotten either. You will be joining LJ and Rocky on Pegasus’s return trip. Your job will be to ‘borrow’ a car also and get over to Lee Harvey Oswald’s rooming house and follow his every move. We need to know whom he sees and to whom he talks.”
The events now taken as fact were: around one to two p.m., right after the Kennedy shooting, Tippit was driving his police patrol car on East 10th Street in Oak Cliff. Oak Cliff is just a few blocks from downtown Dallas. He had gone about 100 feet past the intersection of 10th Street and Patton Avenue and saw Lee Harvey Oswald. Oswald was reported to be walking in the same direction. Tippit, reportedly, pulled up beside Oswald because he matched the description of the man the police were looking for in the Kennedy shooting. Oswald walked over to the car and talked with Tippit through the open window. Tippit stepped out of the patrol car on the left side and started to walk around the front of his car. As Officer Tippit approached the front fender on the driver's side, Lee Harvey Oswald pulled a .38 revolver and fired off four shots in rapid succession. Three bullets hit Tippit in the chest. Oswald, then walked up to where Tippit lay mortally wounded and shot him directly in the head, killing him. “LJ and Rocky see if you can verify this. Prove or disprove whether Oswald actually shot J. D. Tippit. Follow him to the Texas Theatre; see if he tries to meet someone there. You will be given a briefing package before you leave. This package will detail all this information and anything else considered relevant.”
“Mike, I believe Forrest and Olive Marie will head to Clinton Murdock’s estate at 45 Ash Hill Lane in north Dallas. Johnson’s so called ‘girlfriend’ reported Vice President Johnson and a number of high-ranking government officials attended a party at the Murdock house the night before John Kennedy’s assassination. The girlfriend said they talked about the assassination, which was to take place the next day. That begs two questions: how did the ‘special’ guests know an assassination of the president was to take place the next day, and who, exactly, were those guests?
If Forrest and Olive Marie made it to Texas, I believe they, somehow, figured a way to get into the Murdock party, so the Murdock estate is where I am going to begin looking. Second, in case they are not at Murdock’s place, or if something happened on the trip from Celina to his place. I want you to program Pegasus to leave the Texas School Book building at 11:45 Saturday morning, November 23, 1963. Sent it to my cow pasture close to Celina.”
“Okay, sounds crazy Captain, but you know what you are doing. When do you want me to return Pegasus from the cow pasture back to the launch facility here in the laboratory?”
“How about noon Saturday, November 23, 1963. That should give us all plenty of time to accomplish our objectives and assemble at the cow pasture. 
“I forgot to mention to the rest of you – Mike has installed a receiver/transmitter in Pegasus. This device will allow you to use your cellphones, but you have to stay within five miles of the time machine to talk to each other. Be discreet, remember it is 1963, please do not let anyone see you talking on the cellphones! If you want to communicate back to Mike here at SCAR you will need to use the transmitter within Pegasus itself. Anyone got a question?”
“Only one,” asked LJ. “What about weapons? Are we allowed to carry any?”
“No, not normally, it is too dangerous to take a chance on our modern weaponry design to accidentally stumble into 1963. It easily could fall into the wrong hands; however, I violated my own rule. I carried a semi-automatic .45 caliber and three full clips of ammo with me on my first trip. Since the weapon was built during World War II there was no danger of technology transfer if this gun were discovered. The gun was already twenty years old in 1963. I hid the weapon in a hole in a tree close to the old barn in the cow pasture. The tree had a squirrel hole about chest high, the pistol and ammo was in a waterproof bag inside the hole; however, since I am returning to a different Parallel Universe this pistol will not be there when I arrive. I am going to take two more 1911s with me – one I will keep with me and the other I will hide in the same squirrel hole in the same tree in the cow pasture – just remember, only use it if you deem it absolutely necessary.
“If need be, I will use all force necessary to find and return Forrest and Olive Marie – and that means the use of firearms if it comes to that.
“Each of you will have a map to the cow pasture. You must be there before noon Saturday. I stress, do not be late or you will left behind!! As you well know, if you get stranded I cannot guarantee I will be able to send Pegasus back to get you.
“Roger, we copy that.”
“Anything else? Speak up, anyone have a question? Okay, let’s get ready to go. Oh, almost forgot one pertinent fact – guys we will be going back to a different Parallel Universe. We will remain in that Universe unless we do something monumental to change it to another Universe. In this Universe, President Kennedy, we believe will get murdered. The Universe we are leaving is not the one to whom Pegasus will return, I just hope we get through all the events so the scenario will play itself out through the assassination without our interference. If we don’t mess up, we should return to a world that is exactly like this one.
“Everyone going to Dallas listen up... go down to our Historical Artifacts office and draw appropriate clothing for the time period, and most of all get some 1963 cash!! I found out the hard way 2012 currency will not spend very well in 1963.” At this remark, they all had a good chuckle.
“Okay, everyone set? Mike, go downstairs and prepare Pegasus... I blast off at 1500 hours today.” Smiling, the Captain turned to the group, “Mickey has one hand pointing to the 12 and the other to the 3.” Spook laughing gave him a thumbs up sign. “Mike will fill you in on your departure time when you all get to the lab.
“Safe journey to all, and Godspeed.”
As the meeting broke up, Lonnie Joe and Rocky had their heads together planning their strategy in Dallas. Lou and Bud were doing likewise on the other side of the room. 

STRATEGY

“What do you think Rocky? How do you want to handle it when we get to Dallas?” Lonnie Joe said to Rocky as the others were leaving the room.
“Haven’t had time to give it much thought but just on the surface I think the easiest would be to get in Ruby’s place before the thugs arrive and place a ‘bug’ somewhere around the table. We can then record every word they say down in the parking garage. If you have anything better, I’m all ears.”
“No Rocky, sounds like Occam's Razor to me.”
“Oakkum’s what? What does a razor have to do with this?”
“No Rocky, Occam’s Razor states: ‘simpler explanations are, other things being equal, generally better than more complex ones’. 
“LJ, what in the heck are you talking about?”
“It is a principle suggesting a person should select among competing hypotheses the one which makes the least assumptions and thereby offers the simplest explanation of the effect.”
“What?”
“Oh, forget it...your idea is the simplest and in Mr. Occam’s and my opinion the best idea. I suggest we go with it.”
“Ooookay...,” Rocky said, not understanding a word, but frowning, he cocked his head, and replied, “ I guess that means my idea sounds good – then we’ll go downstairs to central supply and get the necessary bugging devices.”
Captain Scarburg earlier mentioned the Mafia guys were sitting at the Carousel Club talking with Jack Ruby at a table with a single incandescent light fixture hanging over it. Rocky explained how he was thinking they could get into the club, replace the light bulb with SCAR’s own AU115 microphone and transmitter concealed in an ordinary looking light bulb. He and Lonnie Joe could put a RE230 receiver in their car and record every word spoken. Looking at Lonnie Joe, “Think those will do the trick?”
“Yeah, sounds good, what about getting some pictures? Got any ideas for video?”
“How about using one of the miniature video cameras that look like a wall hook for a hanging picture? Once we get inside Ruby’s meeting room we can quickly remove a painting and replace its hanger with our camera. They will never notice the microphone or the camera, and meantime we will be recording every word and picture. The RE230 will capture all the audio and video.”

BUD AND LOU

“I’ve been running some plans through my head Lou. We need to leave the rooftop, ‘requisition’ a car and drive over to Oswald’s place. One thing bothers me tho’, we will be arriving on Thursday, and Oswald doesn’t get really involved until Friday. What are we going to do in the meantime?”
“I don’t know Bud... for now let’s just plan on ‘getting’ our car, drive out to his rooming house, at 1026 North Beckley Avenue, over in Oak Cliff and check out the situation.”
“Say Lou, I’ve got an idea. What about seeing if Mrs. Earlene Roberts has an empty room she might rent us. That way we would be right there in the same rooming house as Oswald.”
“Darn you Bud, you can come up with some wild-eyed ideas, but you know, I like this one. We’ll give it a try.”
The time was 10:30 a.m., Friday, December 7, 2012. 

Chapter Forty-Three
THE CHAUFFEUR AND THE MAID

Around 6:45 p.m., Thursday, November 21, 1963, Olive Marie and Forrest had decided they had waited long enough. Olive Marie pulled the old truck into Clint Murdock’s long tree lined driveway, and slowly the tires crunched through the snow toward the main house off in the distance.
As they had sat earlier waiting at the entrance, they observed a number of shiny, black Cadillac limos turn into the driveway. Approaching the last limousine in the long line of cars parked along side the drive in front of the house Forrest said to Olive Marie, “Stop behind the last Cadillac. I will walk up to the house and join the other chauffeurs. You go on around and pull into the parking place behind the house and get into your maid’s uniform.”
Forrest got out of the truck, quietly shut the door, and began walking up the sidewalk past all the identical black, Cadillac limousines, but something did not seem right, what was wrong? The drivers? Where were the drivers? There were no chauffeurs in the cars and there were none milling around outside. He could easily see why they were not outside – don’t let anyone tell you different, it gets cold in Texas in the winter.
Walking around the side of the house, Forrest noticed a large building, which evidently had once been the carriage house during the horse and buggy days. It had been thoroughly remodeled, and for all intents and purposes was probably now being used as a guesthouse. It was sitting to the left rear of the main house. He could see lights shining from the windows that illuminated the snow outside, and he could hear muffled laughter.
Over to the entrance door he ventured. Slowly, he opened the door, not knowing what to expect, and stepped into a warm, brightly lit room. It was crowded with at least a dozen other chauffeurs, and cigarette smoke so thickly permeated the air one could barely see across the smoke filled room. All were dressed exactly alike allowing Clem’s chauffeur’s uniform to blend in like a pea in a pod.
“Hello,” the chauffeur closest to the door said. “Come in out of the cold and get warm, I’m Senator Harold L. Hunter, this guy,” he said motioning with his arm, “this is Senator Charles Tomlin. State Senator John Masters and the ex-Vice President Richard Nixon are playing cards at the table with J. Edgar Hoover and Lobbyist Wink Gullion. The rest are drivers for the other guests.” It was then Forrest realized the persons in the room were not merely just chauffeurs or drivers; they had lost their individual identity and had assumed the persona of their passengers. As he pondered this amusing development, Senator Hunter turned to Forrest and asked, “And you are?”
This caught Forrest by surprise; he had not anticipated this turn of events, and did not have a fake passenger identity to assume. Hesitating for a fleeting moment to organize his thoughts he blurted out, “I’m...I’m... Robert Scarburg... Robert Scarburg, Junior... pleased to meet you both,” he said sticking out his hand.
Quizzically looking at each other, Senator Hunter turned to Forrest and asked, “Robert Scarburg? Who is Robert Scarburg, Junior?” Placing an emphasis on Junior as tho’ it were a bad four-letter word. “I don’t believe we have had the honor.”
“Oh,” said Forrest, “he’s some Washington bigwig. I should have said “Captain” Robert Scarburg, Junior. He is head of some hush-hush group called SCAR.”
“SCAR, what in the devil is SCAR?” One of them asked.
“I told you, it was hush-hush. We’re not even supposed to be talking about it.” Forrest said, pressing his index and middle fingers to his lips.
“Sorry my good man, mums the word. Come on in and get something to drink. That will warm you up. We have hard spirits and coffee, what’s your pleasure.”
“I believe for now, I’ll just warm up with the hot coffee.”
Forrest had to admit, even though a tad on the snobbish side, they all seemed rather amicable. For the remainder of the evening, they sat around playing cards, smoking and drinking. Forrest sipping his coffee, the others were drinking about anything available in the liquor cabinet.
Around 9 p.m., the door opened with a flourish. In stepped a large ogre dressed in a chauffeur’s uniform that seemed a size or two small for his massive size. Through the dense haze of cigarette smoke Forrest could see he had a square cut jaw with piercing grey eyes - steel grey eyes that seemed to look right through a person. Forrest thought, there is something strange about his eyes! Forrest stared at the newcomer; I know now, he thought, those eyes – the eyes of a wolf. After removing his cap Forrest could not help but notice the brute’s blonde hair with its meticulously trimmed G.I. flattop. A flattop so flat one could measure it with a carpenter’s level. Following closely on his heels were two more bruisers dressed in dark business suits. The scowl on all three of their faces appeared as if they had been born with them.
Senator Hunter leaned over and whispered into Forrest’s ear, “Vice President Johnson and two of his Secret Service strong-arms. He is an uppity sort, never cared much for him. He thinks driving for JOHNSON,” (inflecting his voice on the name Johnson,) “makes him better than the rest of us lowly, mere, despicable chauffeurs.” 
Without as much as an acknowledgement to the rest of the drivers in the room the three walked straight to the liquor cabinet, lifted a bottle of Cutty Sark they poured themselves a hearty two fingers of scotch. They did not engage in conversation with anyone in the room, they talked among themselves – their elitist attitude suggested the other drivers were too loathsome to have anything of importance to contribute.
Forrest thought, Goldmine... I have struck a goldmine, and didn’t even have to do anything to obtain my information. In this room were all the drivers of the men Ms. Margaret White had spoken about. At least Forrest now knew Lyndon Johnson attended a party at the estate of Clint Murdock November 21, 1963, the night before the Kennedy assassination. Maybe Olive Marie will find out more information, he thought.
It must have been around 11:30 p.m. when one of the Secret Service guys pulled out a two-way radio from his coat pocket and carried on a short conversation with someone on the other end. Putting the radio back into his pocket, he summoned the chauffeur Senator Hunter with the motion of his finger. 
Senator Hunter’s driver walked quickly across to the three-man group. One of the agents leaned forward and whispered something in the Senator’s ear. Forrest could see Senator Hunter shake his head and then he nodded. Forrest wondered what THAT conversation was all about. Finishing the tête-à-tête, Senator Hunter donned his chauffeur’s cap and left the room. The first agent removed his radio from his pocket, stole a glance in Forrest’s direction, and made a couple of whisper-like statements into it. Turning from his radio, he spoke something unintelligible to the second of the two Secret Service agents who then immediately walked into the middle of the room and announced the party was over. All drivers were to return to their respective limousines.
Forrest had been sitting, and fortunately winning, at the table playing penny ante poker, listening to Vice President Nixon complain about his run of lousy cards, when all along Forrest thought he was winning due to his artful skill with the deck. “Darn,” Forrest said pushing back his chair, “I was nearly a quarter ahead!” He began to walk toward the door when, suddenly, his arm was grabbed by one of the Secret Service guys. “What the...hey”, he said, “what’s the big idea?”
“You need to come with us,” one of the big dudes said. Before he had a chance to protest Beefy Brute and his partner Burly Brute, physically dragged him toward a side door. Across the snow Forrest stumbled, and was pushed harshly down four concrete steps that led into the basement of the main house. The first agent opened the door, and unceremoniously shoved Forrest into the dark, dankness of a cold cellar. The only light in the room came from the door they just entered, but it was night outside and overcast, not much light was available to illuminate the interior of his basement dungeon. Off to one side Forrest could hear someone or something emitting muffled, grunting sounds. The noise was akin to a human or... or... a bear. Forrest thought, I sure hope it isn’t the bear.
In the darkness, he could not recognize who or what it was. He heard someone rip fabric, or it sounded like someone tearing tape. It was – duct tape. The piece was securely stuck over his mouth. Now he was making the same grunting sounds he heard when he first entered the basement. In a way, he was glad, he knew the sound he heard surely wasn’t an animal it had to be human – a human with their mouth also duct taped.
He could hear the crackly noise of a two-way radio, but he could not see who answered; the second agent had tied a bandana across his eyes and bound his wrist tight with tape. He could only hear his response, “Okay... roger... yes they are tied up in the basement... they are not to leave this room... yes, understood... yes get rid of them after the ‘event’ tomorrow... roger... tie up loose ends... understood, over and out.”
Now Forrest realized the ‘they’ and ‘them’ meant there must be at least himself and one other prisoner in this basement. Two people? He was glad to have company but was afraid they might never meet, and the part about not leaving this room - that didn’t sound good either. He could hear the two agents walking away. One positioned himself next to the same door they entered. The other he could hear went up some wooden stairs, which obviously let to the floor upstairs. As soon as the upstairs door had closed, Forrest grunted once. The person on the far side of the room grunted once. He grunted twice, it returned the grunt two times. It was then he fully realized there undoubtedly was another person being held hostage in this basement along with himself.
“Shut up!” the guard at the basement door ordered. “Keep quiet or I’ll come smack you!!”
He wished he could talk to whoever was in this cellar imprisoned with him. The shooting of the President tomorrow was going to be a tremendous deal, the two of them sitting in this basement with their mouths taped shut and their wrists bound were small potatoes. He was thinking they were not going to survive their predicament. Especially after hearing the words, ‘get rid of them after the ‘event’ tomorrow’. Forrest knew the real meaning of the word ‘event’. He was scared. Throwing-up type scared. No one even knew where he and Olive Marie were. Olive Marie? He thought. What had he gotten Olive Marie into? Is she okay? He wondered if she was able to maintain her disguise?
Forrest, sitting there in the dampness figured out how the Secret Service found out about him – his announcement of driving for Captain Robert Scarburg. One of the chauffeurs obviously reported the information to the Secret Service. They may have been more muscle than brain, but it didn’t take those blue suited bozos long to figure out there wasn’t a Captain Robert Scarburg at the party.
If he could talk with the other person held prisoner with him, maybe they could come up with a plan. Darn my plans! He thought. Look where they have gotten me, these people will never allow us to leave and I will never be able to tell the world who the people are that’s attending this party. After tomorrow’s ‘event’ – we are going to die. They are going to kill us - they have nothing to lose. We are nothing but ‘loose ends’ to these people.
The time was 12:30 a.m., Friday, November 22, 1963. 

Chapter Forty-Four
EIGHT AND ONE HALF HOURS EARLIER

The clock on the wall of the launch facility indicated the time was 2:30. Thirty minutes until the scheduled launch of Pegasus’s third voyage to Texas. “Is everyone all present or accounted for?” Captain Scarburg announced to the group standing around Pegasus. “If you’re not here hold up your hand,” he said trying to break the tension in the room. They were all about at their wits end, and he wanted to get them into a more relaxed mood. “Come on, pick-up those spirits... this is not a wake, it is an adventure. We’re going after some very historical information, information and data never before uncovered on the John F. Kennedy Assassination. We are all going to make history. In fact, we may, in fact, become a part of history. Besides, I am going to find Forrest and Olive Marie and get those two birds home, safe and sound. Now, let me see some smiles...” Looking around the room, “Good that’s better.” 
“Does everyone have all his gear assembled? You do? Good... I see you all have changed into your ‘60s duds. What about the cash? Did you all get some good old, and I mean old, greenbacks to use in Dallas? All right, then I think all that is left is loading my equipment, saying my goodbyes and let you guys know I’ll see you all in Dallas, if not earlier, surely at the cow pasture when we leave to come back, and I want to assure the rest of you staying – we will be coming back.”
The Captain started to ascend the steps to Pegasus. Taking his first step onto the bottom rung of the loading platform, someone tugged on his arm. Turning, he was staring into the crying eyes of his wife Baba. “You old rascal, you’re getting too old for this sort of thing, but I know you have to go after Forrest and Olive Marie. I’m just going to tell you two things... find those kids and get yourself back home!! I love you!!”
“That’s three, but I love you too... don’t worry we’re all going to come back – safe and sound. I’m going to walk up these steps, and before you know it, Pegasus will return. The guys will depart and in a couple of minutes, we will all return. Please don’t cry, we’ll be back before your tears dry.” Stepping up on the steps he turned one last time, bent over and kissed her, “I love you,” and ascended the steps and shut the hatch.
Little did Baba realize the Captain was putting on a confident face? He was worried, really worried. The odds of him coming back or finding Forrest and Olive Marie was about fifty-fifty – Las Vegas would not like those odds, neither did Captain Scarburg.
The time was 2:57 p.m., Friday, December 7, 2012.

Chapter Forty-Five
HOME SWEET HOME

The last thing Captain Scarburg remembered was the immense flash of blue light. Seemingly a microsecond after seeing the burst of radiant energy Captain Scarburg opened his eyes. He could see the smoke and fog had disappeared. Was he still in the laboratory? Did the time-shift work? If so, the trip, this time was not as rough as his previous one. Was the journey smoother? Or was he just getting used to time travel? One thing remained the same and something else was different. Obviously the difference centered on his consciousness – he had not blacked out only dazed, but the same was the alien’s gift of the accompanying music  – the bagpipe and drum rendition was still as beautiful as he remembered on his previous ‘jump’. Regardless, he wondered if he were in his cow pasture? The craft was sitting level. That’s good, he thought. At least I’m not hung up on that miserable stump this time, but a thought flashed through his head, I might not even be in Texas.
Extracting his pocket watch, with a solid gold cover, from his pocket he popped the ornately carved cover open and checked the time - it was 3:03 back in Washington. He remembered his previous flight and the crystal on his watch - something in the realms of time-travel cracked the face crystal of his Rolex. He had surmised a metal cover, especially one made of gold, on a watch’s face might prevent this phenomenon from occurring. He was right, but the color blindness had returned. Some unseen force reacted with his eyes. Whatever the nature of this, yet to be explained peculiarity, prevented him from seeing color. Filing this away in his mind for future study he unbuckled his seat belt. He had only been stunned for a brief period of time, but he had to get out of Pegasus. Mike had set the master computer to retrieve Pegasus five minutes after landing, and only a couple of minutes remained.
Pushing the ‘OPEN’ button on the hatch, he heard the unmistakable hiss of escaping air as the hatch door swung open. What! He thought, snow! It wasn’t snowing when I was here last. He had forgotten for a moment Forrest and Olive Marie had arrived earlier, and their mere presence changed the Parallel Universe, the Captain had landed in the same Universal dimension only one day later. On his previous trip he had been in a different Universe, now it was 12:34, Thursday, November 21, 1963 in a totally different world, and in this Parallel Universe it was snowing like the blazes in his Texas cow pasture.
Well at least this time he had brought some warm clothes and an excellent, heavy coat. Slipping on the coat, he crawled out the hatch, down the ladder onto the snow-covered ground. Now if this is not the pits, he thought. I had been planning on walking to Clem and Penelope’s house, but I can’t cover much ground in this deep snow, surely not four or five miles. Another thought, the old Ford truck in the barn! Clem said the owner would not care if I borrowed it. He lives in Dallas and only seldom comes up to his ranch. That’s it; I’ll walk up to the barn and use the truck to drive to the Ponderosa.
The wind and driving snow was out of the north, and knowing the Captain’s luck the barn was located five or six hundred yards directly north of his landing site. Having no other option, he walked around the silver Pegasus as it was beginning to dematerialize into a swirling, tornado like, shape of Texas snow, emitting a loud whistling wind sound. Even above that sound the bagpipe’s ‘Amazing Grace’ were still beautiful. In a second or two, Pegasus and the music had vanished. As the snow began to settle he started walking toward the old barn. A hat, he thought. Why didn’t I think of bringing a hat? Head bowed low to keep the snow and wind from stinging and biting his face he barely could see through his squinted eyes, but he trudged on through the snow and the blowing wind toward the old barn. Approaching he could see the barn door was standing wide open. 
Grasping the latch he slid the door shut, but allowed just enough room to slide his six foot two inch frame inside. The hallway of the barn was empty and semi-dark. With the exception of a pile of snow and various pieces of horse or mule harness hanging from the planks on a couple of the empty stables, the hallway of the barn was almost entirely empty. A pitchfork was protruding from a bale of hay and dozens and dozens of baling twine cut from numerous bales of hay lay drooped over a plank two by four cross member supported one end of the closest stall. A huge pile of loose hay covered almost half of one side of the barn, but something was terribly wrong!  He saw no truck; however, he did see one item of interest - a hat hanging on a nail. It was a straw hat, but a hat never-the-less. Other than the few miscellaneous farming implements strewn about the hallway, the barn appeared as he first thought – empty.
There was one solace, the barn walls, however weather beaten and worn at least they blocked the bitter, cold, biting north wind. On entering the barn the change in temperature from the outside to the inside made him feel like the barn was actually warmer - it wasn’t. It was just as cold inside, minus the wind and snow. By-ned, he thought, now I’m in a pickle. I can’t get to Clem and Penelope’s house in this storm; however if I stay here and try to wait out this blizzard Forrest and Olive Marie are just getting farther and farther away, and closer and closer to getting into danger.
At this point, Captain Scarburg was on the verge of hysteria, he had to have an idea, but given his options one wasn’t apparent. He walked back and forth in the hallway, wringing his hands, anguish written all over his face. What was he to do? On this trip, he had come more prepared, in his pocket he had a small flashlight, a pocketknife along with his trusty ole Zippo cigarette lighter embossed with the crossed arrows and bayonet emblem of his old Special Forces outfit. The one he had carried since ‘Nam. Oh, least he not forget the two .45 caliber 1911 automatic pistols. What about making a small fire? That might prop up his spirits a bit, and the wind and snow might subside enough to try for Clem and Penelope’s place on foot. 
He walked around the barn looking for loose pieces of wood. There was plenty of hay, but hay burned too fast to make a decent fire, he needed wood. Closely following the edges of the walls and stables he ventured deeper and deeper into the dark recesses of the barns interior. Pulling the flashlight from his pocket, he shined its beam of light into the darkness.
Rounding the giant pile of hay, he was astounded!!
He could not believe his eyes, in front of him sat a... a... Jeep. Now he remembered something from his first trip - Clem had said there was a Jeep in this barn. How could he be so absent minded? Here it sat, a U.S. military 4x4 Jeep with ‘U.S. Army’ still painted in white letters on the hood. In the center of the hood was a large, white, five-pointed star. It was a magnificent sight. By its age, the Captain figured the Army had sold the Jeep as excess inventory at the end of the Korean War back in the early ‘50s. The rancher probably purchased the Jeep from some Army surplus auction back then.
One undeniable fact was paramount, Captain Scarburg knew all about Jeeps. He had ridden in them; slept under them; hauled wounded in them; shot from them; shot at them when the enemy were stealing them; repaired them and certainly he knew how to drive them. 
His first thought – Jeeps have no keys – that was good. Next he wondered when was the last time this thing had been cranked. If it had been a long time, getting it started now might be difficult. Captain Scarburg recognized this particular model Jeep as a M38A1. It was four wheel drive, equipped with a four-cylinder, gasoline powered motor. One of the best Jeeps made, but it had a peculiarity - it had a twenty-four volt electrical system, wired to use not one but two twelve-volt batteries. These two batteries were located in a cavity just outside the passengers windshield secured with a metal cover fastened with two rubber straps similar to today’s bungee cords. Now the drawback – since it required twenty-four volts to crank this sucker, both batteries had to have enough charge in them to fire this old warhorse up. If one battery were insufficiently charged neither battery would work. Two batteries just doubled his chances this thing would not crank. Walking around to the passenger’s side, Grandpa unhooked the straps holding the cover over the two batteries. Looking down he was amazed, the batteries looked brand-new. Checking the battery tags he discovered they had only been installed in September 1963. That was just two months ago!! Surely, the batteries would still have enough charge to crank this OD (Olive Drab) green, sweetheart of American ingenuity.
Around to the driver’s side the Captain slowly walked. Giving the Jeep a last look he slid in under the steering wheel, reached up on the dashboard and flipped the switch to start and maneuvered his right foot until he found the floor-mounted starter pedal. Keeping his fingers crossed he pushed the foot starter, and the motor began to turn. Over once then again, it sputtered, Grandpa reached and pulled the choke out about half way and pushed on the starter pedal again. She turned again, and again, then finally the engine coughed a time or two then sputtered and began to run. It was running a little rough, so he adjusted the choke, but he figured it would smooth out as soon as the motor warmed up.
Reaching down to the floor shift, he shifted the transmission into neutral. At the same time, he adjusted the idle knob just a bit keeping the motor running at a faster idle speed. A check of the fuel gauge indicated the gas tank was empty; however, he knew from experience these old mechanical gauges seldom worked correctly.  He dismounted from the Jeep and unscrewed the gas filler pipe located right beside the drivers seat. Pulling a long hay straw from the pile of hay he stuck it into the filler pipe. He withdrew the straw and checked if there was any indication of gas on the hay stem. The liquid on the straw indicated the tank was nearly full. Now he was in business.
He remained there for a couple of minutes, letting the Jeep’s motor warm up. It was time to go he decided. Turning the Jeep’s wheels hard to the right he released the clutch and the trusty old Army Jeep moved slowly into the hallway of the barn. Down the center of the barn he crept until he reached the pile of snow at the large sliding door. Shifting into neutral he got out, opened the barn door and moved the Jeep outside. As the Captain was beginning to close the barn door, a though occurred to him – back inside he ran – he had to relieve the hat from its resting place on the nail. Now he was ready. 
No, he wasn’t quite ready. Leaving the Jeep again, the Captain surveyed the surrounding area. He appeared to be searching for something. What? Yes, he said to himself, there it is. Walking across the mounting depth of wind driven snow he headed to the object of his search – a tree. Not just any old tree, but this particular tree, the one with the squirrel hole. Nestled safe and sound inside the hole he was going to place one of the Colt, Model 1911 U.S. Army .45 caliber automatic pistols. Reaching inside, he put a plastic bag containing the gun and a magazine of seven rounds of bullets for this man size instrument of death. He racked the slide back to load one bullet into the chamber of the second pistol. As he dropped the Colt into the pocket of his coat, the Captain patted the weapon with his hand and with a glazed look of stern determination said, as if someone were listening, “Now, lets go find Forrest and Olive Marie.”
Back at the Jeep he shifted into four-wheel drive and out into the snow he ventured. The five or six inches of snow were no match for this Detroit made, OD, four-wheel drive, Army Jeep. 
The Captain vividly remembered the Saddlehorn Gulch trail. By-ned did he ever remember. He thought he still had a vertebra out of place, and a kidney, which seemed to be out of sorts. Oh yes he could not forget Clem’s uncanny ability to seek out every pothole. Clem also seemed to never miss the opportunity to strike the plethora of large rocks, which at times, could better be described as boulders; however, Captain Scarburg knew he would have no problem traversing the same route with his venerable M38A1. What a terrific machine, he thought as he marveled at the little Jeep.
The wipers were not doing much good with the mountain of falling snow accumulating on windshield. His inability to see the road ahead was compounded by the fact the Jeep had no heater to defrost the glass. I know dodging bullets will keep a soldier warm enough without the need of a heater, he thought as his mind recalled his Army days in Vietnam. For a brief moment, he was back in the jungles of Southeast Asia. He mentally visualized, the days when he was Little S and Papa Scarburg was Big S; however, reality was not the hot, humid climate of ‘Nam, it was a numbing cold, blizzard on a barren, cow trail somewhere northwest of Celina, Texas. Now he wished the little Jeep possessed at least a window defroster.
Snapping from his reverie, he slammed on the brakes and skidded to a stop in a level place on Saddlehorn. Hands and fingers numb from the cold, he forced himself to release the dashboard latch on the right passengers and the left drivers side allowing the windshield to be lowered to rest on the hood. Now the Captain could see where he was going. It helped he was going south, and the bone-chilling wind and driven snow was out of the north. This minimized the effect both had on his face, and the straw hat - it wasn’t as good as the hat Clem had given him, but in a blizzard who can be choosey? Gripping the little Jeep’s steering wheel with all his might, a thought occurred to him. It was the oft-told joke about north Texas. When speaking of the cold Texas winter wind it seems the saying went ‘there was nothing between Texas and the North Pole but one barbed wire fence, and there was a solid report it had fallen down!’ By-ned, he thought, pulling his coat collar up tight against the back of his neck, that son-of-a-gun knew what he was talking about.
The snow had gotten deeper, and Saddlehorn Gulch was nothing but a notch above a cattle trail; however, those were the conditions the Army had in mind when it designed this sturdy 4x4 Jeep. In an hour or so the tires of the little Jeep had clawed and dug their way to the main road. Turning south, he knew he would be at the road leading to Clem and Penelope’s in another mile or two.
The blinding snow made it almost impossible to see, but he somehow spied the road to the Ponderosa. Turning from the main road onto Clem’s snow covered roadway Captain Scarburg kept a sharp eye out for the grove of trees he knew hid their house from the view of the road. A mile passed, then another. The snow was merciless and seemed to be increasing in its intensity and fury. “There it is,” the Captain finally said out loud, as if someone were accompanying him in the snow covered Jeep. His core body temperature had fallen to the point that hypothermia was beginning to set in. He was already becoming delusional, but if he did not reach the Ponderosa soon his condition would become critical and extremely dangerous; a missed turn in the road and the Captain could end up in a ditch or worse. Nearing the bend in the road next to the stand of hardwood trees he said to his imaginary friend, “The Ponderosa is just on the other side! Thank goodness, another mile and we both would have been frozen to death!!”
The time was 3:47 p.m., Thursday, November 21, 1963.

Chapter Forty-Six
“ALL ABOARD”

As Baba began to walk across the launch room toward Mike Watkins’s office, she noticed the air beginning to take on a peculiar chemical smell, a slight caustic smell hinting of chlorine bleach. Is that from Pegasus as it disappeared just a few seconds ago? She thought to herself. Little did she realize the smell was ozone? The air was beginning to stir as though the wind was blowing through an open window right before a storm. She turned and looked back toward the center of the enclosure where Pegasus had been sitting. What was she seeing? Was that exhaust fumes left after Pegasus disappeared? No, there was no exhaust; she knew Pegasus had no form of ‘motor’ capable of creating any type of fumes. Its mode of operation was more akin to electromagnetism than to the internal combustion engine, regardless the vapor was starting to take shape, and rotate. What was that crackling noise? Are those sparks of lightening? Yes, it was, she thought! Well, not lightening exactly but the swirling, twisting wind did cause an excessive discharge of static electricity. What was happening? Was that a church hymn she hears, yes... yes, she thought. Amazing Grace - was she being deceived by her ears?
Mike leaned against the circular wall, arms folded with an ear-to-ear smile. Watching Baba in all her amazement was causing quite an amusing show to the watching group of Pegasus workers. From his office window, Ryan Rousseau could be seen watching the developing event also, but there was no joy on his face, only contempt for his failed efforts to sabotage Pegasus’s flight.
“What’s wrong Baba?” Mike yelled above the wind and music to Baba who was now standing, motionless watching in awe as the phenomenal event took place in front of her eyes. “Have you seen a ghost?” he inquired again.
“Mike! Mike! What is happening? Did something calamitous happen to Pegasus. Is something wrong? Why didn’t it leave as it was supposed to Mike?” She asked as she hurried over to where Mike was standing.
“Leave Baba? Leave you say? Baba, Pegasus is not leaving, it is coming back!”
Not fully grasping Mike’s explanation she asked, “What went wrong Mike? Is Bob inside of Pegasus? Is he okay?”
“What you are witnessing is Pegasus returning from Texas. The Captain should be fine if he got out of Pegasus when it arrived in the cow pasture. In a second or two Pegasus will be sitting right here where it was just a short while ago – empty! Even though Pegasus has been gone for minutes, hours or even days in the Universe to which it traveled, in our time it will only have been gone a few seconds.”
As he spoke, the rustling of the wind, the whining high-pitched noise and the soft sound of the piper playing his pipes began to subside as Pegasus commenced to materialize in all its shining glory – sitting right where it had been only a moment or two earlier.
Baba watched in stunned silence. She finally uttered, “Well I’ve never...”
“Baba I do not have enough time right now to fully explain the flight peculiarities of Pegasus – just suffice it to say if the ‘Departure’ and ‘Return’ indicators are the same Pegasus will de-materialize and re-materialize within seconds of our current time; however, to the time-travelers it could be hours or days to them.” 
Mike reached for the microphone hanging on the wall. Keying the switch he said, “Okay gentlemen, it’s your turn, ‘All Aboard”. At this announcement, Sam Lin, Si Lei, Bud and Lou emerged from the room where they had been waiting and walked to the loading platform and stopped.
Mike walked up to the assembled group, “Men, I just want to say a couple of things: Pegasus is a scientific anomaly - we have attempted to time shift her six different times, and she has only worked once. One time out of six is not great odds; however, we must assume Captain Scarburg, Forrest and Olive Marie’s last trips worked. Even if they did, that only brought the odds up to only a fifty-percent chance of success. This is just another way of saying we have a one in two chance this thing will work correctly.”
One of group added, “Or a one in two chance IT WILL NOT.”
“Yes your right. You must be one of those ‘glass half empty guys’, Mike said laughing; “however, saying you are not going on a dangerous mission would be an understatement. We think we can get you to the roof of the Texas School Book Depository at 9:00 a.m. on Thursday morning November 21, 1963. Remember I said ‘think’, and exactly thirty-two hours later, at 6:00 p.m. Friday I, along with the rest of the Pegasus flight control group, will attempt to move the machine from the School Book Building to the cow pasture northwest of Celina, Texas. One of the reasons Pegasus will remain on the roof for twenty-fours hours is to provide the communication link so you can use your cellphones while on the ground in Dallas; however, your phones will only work if you are within five miles of the Pegasus roof base station. Remember too, Captain Scarburg arrived on Thursday, so he should be somewhere in the general vicinity. Forrest and Olive Marie supposedly are around the Dallas area too, we think. The reason we are moving it back to the cow pasture is just in case Forrest and Olive Marie, for some reason, get an opportunity to return, they will go to the place where they arrived. They will not know about the landing on the School Book Depository. 
“Okay, enough said, here are your options: there will be a five-minute window Friday evening starting at 6:55 P.M. This will allow you to enter Pegasus and be transported to the cow pasture close to Celina. If for some reason, you miss this narrow window of opportunity you must and I repeat, you MUST physically be at the cow pasture no later than 11:55 on Saturday, November 23. As I said earlier, at best, we have only achieved a success rate of fifty per cent. I might not ever be able to get Pegasus to return to retrieve you if you miss this Saturday deadline. You could be stuck in the 1963 Alternate Universe forever. You have each been given a map pinpointing the cow pastures’ precise location. I repeat, be there!! This is not a threat this is a WARNING!! Pegasus WILL leave without you!! I cannot stop its return. Enough said, LJ, Rocky, Bud and Lou please say your goodbyes and mount the loading platform and get yourselves strapped in, we will energize Pegasus for your departure in ten minutes.” 
The time was 3:20 Friday afternoon, December 7, 2012.

Chapter Forty-Seven
HOW COME YOU KNOW’D US?

Turning to his delusional Jeep passenger the Captain mumbled, “Thank goodness! We made it! Now you and I can get warm.”
Walking across the Ponderosa’s front porch, Captain Scarburg could hardly feel his fingers within the leather, work gloves. He was about frozen to death. Approaching the front door he briefly wondered if he had enough strength left to knock.
Summing up all the energy he could muster, he slowly pounded on the door. It was only around five in the evening, surely with this blizzard howling, Clem and Penelope would be home. Once again he summoned up enough strength to pound again. He heard voices inside, the barking of a dog and was that footsteps coming toward the door? If someone did not come to the door he did not believe he could muster up enough strength to knock again. He was seconds from collapsing onto the frozen, ice and snow covered porch. If Clem and Penelope were not at home, Captain Scarburg final fate was to freeze to death on their front porch!!
Suddenly the door slowly began to open, there with a surprised look was the Captain’s old friend Clem. Penelope was standing to his rear. Weakly the Captain said, “Please, please… can I come in out of this storm? I have gone about… as… far… as I can… go.”
“Lands sake, don’t jez stand there Clem, git that poor man inside. He’s frozen plum neer to death.”
Once inside, Clem began stripping off the Captain’s snow covered outer garments and hanging them by the door to dry. The Captain made his way over to the fireplace, and immediately he felt the warmth on his face from the oak logs crackling and burning in the huge, brick fireplace. Removing his wet gloves, he held his hands close to the heat from the burning logs. At first he could not even feel the warmth in his hands, but within seconds, the blood’s circulation began to flow back into his fingers, and the effect of the soft glow of the flickering fire was beginning to take place. “My-oh-my, this feels good,” Captain Scarburg exclaimed. Looking down, he noticed the beautiful little Shetland sheepdog sitting next to him, rubbing her head against his leg and staring up, seeming to beg for a pet on her head. He remembered this little dog on his first visit, ‘Lady’, what a magnificent animal, he thought. Reaching down he stroked the dog’s soft, white and sable head, “Hey Lady, you’re a beautiful little dog.”
Without thinking, he turned to Penelope and asked, “Miss Penelope you got any of your hot Luzianne coffee with chicory brewing on the stove in the kitchen?”
“Sure do,” she said turning toward the kitchen, but within a step or two it hit her, ‘Miss Penelope... coffee brewing.... Luzianne coffee... with chicory... on the stove....’ how’d he know all that? She wondered to herself.
Clem standing next to the Captain at the fireplace asked, “Mister! What in the world wuz you doin’ out in this here storm? Even polar bears have more cents than that. They burry themselves up to caves and the like afore ventured out in a blizzard sech as this one. Yer mighty lucky to still be alive.”
“You’re right Clem, but I have an important mission, which could not wait. You see I am searching for two of my lost grandchildren.”
“Hold on thar Mister, how’d you know my name? And you said Penelope afore too, how come you know’d us? I don’t know you, we ain’t never met.” Frowning he added, “Have we?” Then added, “And how’d you know the dog’s name?”
“You both must have mentioned your names at the door when I arrived.”
“Naw, that ain’t right. I’m likin’ in lots of thangs, but memory ain’t one of’em.” Somethins’ wrong Mister, whats yer game?”
Penelope was returned from the kitchen carrying a steaming, hot cup of coffee. Handing it to the Captain, he quickly took a sip, but something was bothering him – he was thinking he should tell them who he actually was. Sitting the cup down he motioning toward the couch, “Clem, Penelope let’s go over here and sit down. I have a confession to make.”
“I knew it, I knew it, I told you Penelope. I told you somethin’ was wrong. Yer one of them escaped criminals or the like, right? I got me a shotgun if yer dangerous. Er you dangerous?”
“No Clem, I’m not dangerous, and I’m not an escaped criminal. To answer your question Clem, yes, you do know me, and yes we have met before today.”
“Now hold on a minute, we never seed you afore mister. What’s yer game?”
“Would both of you, please sit down? I will try to explain. This is going to sound strange, but I swear every word I am about to tell you is the truth, and as they say, in court, ‘the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.’ Where should I begin?”
“I’ve always heered its best to start at the beginning.”
“All right that’s where I’ll begin Clem and prove to you we have met. My name is Robert Scarburg, Junior. Most just refer to me as ‘Captain’ since I was a Captain in the U.S. Army.”
“Hold the fort! Hold the fort! That young lad that come here yesterdee’s name wuz Robert Scarburg, called hisself Forrest, is he related to you?”
“Yes! Yes! They were here? Thank goodness!! You’re right Clem his name is Forrest. Forrest is my grandson. He and his sister Olive Marie are two of my grandchildren. Those two are the reason I am out in this blizzard. They are the ones for whom I am searching.”
“You know when I heered his name ‘Robert Scarburg’ fer some reason I reckoned I had heered that name afore. And yes siree, her name wuz Olive, Olive and Forrest, well I’ll be – your grandkids!”
“You have heard my name - Robert Scarburg, Clem. I came here before, and you volunteered to help me on a job I had to accomplish in Dallas. I know your name is Clemson, and you are,” looking at Penelope, “Penelope, Clem’s sister. Clem and Penelope Ruby. You don’t like the name Clemson, so you use the name Clem, and this dog of yours, her name is Lady. I know so very well since I gave Lady her name. You had just been calling her Girl.” At the mention of her name, the dog whimpered, got up, moved from the spot in which she was resting and lay down beside Captain Scarburg’s foot.
“That ain’t proved nothing, everbody around here knows that my name is Clem, strange about you knowin’ about the dog tho’, and I ain’t never seed her take to anybody like she has took to you neither. Besides, we have always called her ‘Lady’ since she was jez a pup, but I do ‘member afore I come up with that name I wuz gonna call her jest ‘Girl’. I don’t know how you no’d that. You one of them mind readin’ circus or carnival pre-formers?”
“No Clem but speaking of a carnival reminds me of the merry-go-round or the carousel. I know you have an uncle named Jack Ruby who owns the Carousel Club on the corner of Field and Commerce Street in downtown Dallas. You call him Sparky. Miss Penelope you fed me a great supper served with cornpone. You have a sampler on your wall in the dining room stitched by your Granny Coker. The inscription reads, “Home Sweet Home” and along the bottom was a name and date, “Minnie Coker Three December In the Year of Our Lord Nineteen Hundred and One”. We were eating rutabaga turnips cooked with pork chops when you told me about your Granny Coker and her sampler she stitched as a child.”
“Clemson! Clemson, whats goin’ on?”
“Hesh up girl, this feller is right, you know not to call me Clemson! But yer right he knows thangs.”
“I know Clem, I’m skeered.”
“Penelope, there is no reason to be frightened. As I explained on my first visit, I am a traveler from the year 2012. I came back previously to your 1963 Universe to fix a problem, which greatly affected the latter part of the 20th and the first part of the 21st century. Clem you assisted, and you and I accomplished the job.”
“You jest makin’ this up, right? The year two thousand and twelve, come on!!”
“You have a tan overcoat in your hall closet, and in your little wooden box on the mantle where you and Penelope keep your valuables there is some money you have never been able to explain. There is a ten-dollar bill you think is counterfeit, and two U.S. quarters. One is dated 2004 and the other 2012. You probably have never been able to figure them out either.”
“Well I’ll be... them thangs are in that box all right!”
“I had given those items to you right before I left from the cow pasture, the pasture that’s at the end of the Saddleback Gulch trail. You told me Larry Brock owned that ranch. You carried me there in your Ford wrecker, yeah, the one with the spring sticking out of the seat.”
“Shore nuff, your right ‘bout that sprang – I been aimin’ to git it fixed. You no’d about the sprang?”
“Right Clem, you don’t have to sit on it!” The Captain said laughing. “We used your tan Nash Rambler you keep around back in the shed next to the chicken coop to get to Dallas. Oh, I almost forgot... Penelope in your ‘valuables’ box you have a note written in your hand stating, Auburn 10 Alabama 8 Iron Bowl November 30, 1963.
“Clem, you said my grandson stated his name was Robert Scarburg. That is his name all right. He is Robert Scarburg the Fourth. I am Captain Robert Scarburg, Junior. Why don’t you take out the gold wristwatch? You know the one with the broken face crystal. It is in the valuables box also. Turn it over and read the inscription on the back.”
Clem walked over to the fireplace, picked up his sister’s keepsake box and removed the watch. He slowly turned it over and rubbed the lettering on the back with his thumb. Pretending to fumble in his pockets he handed the watch to Penelope. “Here Penelope you read this, I seems to have misplaced my readin’ glasses.”
Taking the watch she read aloud, “Capt Robert Edward Scarburg, Jr. 5th SF (ABN), RVN, 1968.” 
“I gave you this watch Clem, and in exchange you gave me your old cowboy hat.”
“Dadburn Penelope, I been telling you I had an old hat around here sommers, and you jest said it weren’t so. See I told you.”
“Your right Clem, right as rainwater. Who would’ve know’d”, Penelope replied.
“Penelope, thar’s no way he could be makin’ this up. What he’s tellin’ us must have happened. He knows to much about us. I’ve wondered about the watch and the funny money, and in a ways, I can almost remember what he’s sayin’ but I jest can’t get it all to come thru clear.”
“All right,” Captain Scarburg said, “I’m going to prove to you once and for all I have been here before.” Saying this he pulled his Iphone from his pocket. Pressing the Itune App the lyrics and melody of George Strait’s number one country hit from 1987 began softly to play, 

“♪All my Ex’s live in Texas and Texas is...♪”

“Yeah... yeah Captain, that does sound like somethin’ I’ve heered afore. It shore is a purty tune.”
“Impossible Clem, pretty or not that tune will not be recorded for another twenty-four years!”
“What? No, that can’t be true?”
“Okay, here it is,” the Captain said touching the Iphoto App. Instantly the screen was filled with the images of Clem and Penelope sitting on the exact same couch they were now sitting on, and Captain Scarburg’s voice on the Iphone saying, “Hey, both of you. Look this way and say cheese.”
“Well, I’ll be,” commented Clem in amazement.
“Captain, what did you come here fer the first time?” asked Penelope. 
“Well right now, it’s not important, the problem was taken care of. You do not need to trouble yourself with it. My two grandchildren that’s what is essential now... I must find them. They could be in trouble – I’m talking about real trouble. The kind that could get them killed!”
“By the way Forrest and Olive wuz drivin’ that old green Ford truck of Larry Brocks. They must’ve got it out of his old barn. How in the world did they find it? What wuz they doin’ up at his cattle ranch place anyhow? 
“I will explain it all later Clem. Right now finding those kids is my most important job.”
“Captain, they left us a note when they left. It said they wuz goin’ to the ‘Murdock place’ and anyone lookin’ for them would know what that means.”
“Hmmm, say they said the ‘Murdock place’ huh?”
“Yeah, the Murdock place. Do you knows what it means, Captain? And another thang Captain, they done left us some more of your funny money. There were two of them ten-dollar bill looking thangs on the table next to the note they left. You and them must’ve got that fake money at the same place, fer yours and they’ers looks jest alike.” 
“I sure do, Clem I know the Murdock place, and don’t worry about those fake ten dollar bills, just keep them as souvenirs, they will be good money someday, and for the second time, thanks, thanks a million, but Clem enough talking, I’ve need to get going.”
“You be careful, ye hear?”
“By the way, Penelope that wouldn’t happen to be chicken and dumplings I smell is it?”
The time was 7:15 Thursday night, November 21, 1963.


Chapter Forty-Eight
THREE HOURS BEFORE THE CAPTAIN’S ‘FLIGHT’

“Is everyone okay?” asked Bud turning to check on Lou and LJ. Both were still unconscious; however, Rocky was beginning to arouse. 
“What happened? Where are we? Am I in a dream – no this must be a nightmare!” Rocky said drowsily. “Turn up that radio, I love them bagpipes!”
“Snap out of it Rocky. There isn’t a radio. We should be on the roof of the Texas School Book Depository. It is supposed to be 9:00 Thursday morning, November 21, 1963. I hope we are in Dallas, Texas. Come on, shake the cobwebs out, and help me get LJ and Lou awake. We have to get out – this thing is going to disappear any minute now, and we do not want anyone on the ground seeing this ‘chrome dome’ sitting atop one of their downtown buildings.”
Outside Pegasus, standing on the TSBD building, the four huddled next to a large air-conditioning unit watching their time machine evaporate into thin air. “Okay, men,” instructed Lonnie Joe. “Let’s work our way over to the back fire escape, get down to the ground, and slip into the impound lot.”
Two by two they walked around the back of the School Book building until they reached the sidewalk on Houston Street. A left on Houston and a mere dozen or so feet they approached the gate to the Dallas City Storage Lot for Impounded Vehicles. It was unlocked and unguarded. Oh, for the trustful days of the 1960s, Bud thought. Trying to act as though they were city employees, they slide the gate open, “Bud?” asked Lou, “which car do we take?”
Answering quickly, “The one that is easiest to steal.”
“Bud, please could we not use the word ‘steal’?”
“Okay, okay, Lou, but let’s not ‘borrow’ one of these on the end, it’s too easy for us to be seen from the street. Now let’s be quick everyone!”
The third automobile from the street was a 1956 Bel-Air Chevrolet. Slipping between the two-parked cars LJ opened the driver’s door, turned his head from side to side and gave the car an admiring once over. Licking his lips he remarked, “I have always loved the ’56 Chevy. Hey, Rocky this one only has 63,000 miles on it!”
“LJ, would you pipe down and quit ogling the car – we’re here to steal it, not buy it! Get in there and see if you can hotwire it.” No sooner had Rocky finished making his remarks to Lonnie Joe, he heard the engine of the Chevy turn over. It turned over a couple of times but did not start. “How did you hotwire this sucker so fast?” Rocky asked.
“Skill, Rocky...just skill,” Lonnie Joe said grinning. “ And the fact the keys were over the visor helped, but darn, this thing has been sitting here too long Rocky. Maybe we need to pick another one.”
“No, give’er another chance. I believe if you ‘goose’ the gas pedal a little she might crank. Slide over,” Rocky said. “Let me give’er a try.”
Lonnie Joe moved over to the passenger’s side while Rocky got behind the wheel. He reached for the ignition and turned the key once more, this time applying a few pumps of gas with the accelerator pedal. Rocky had been correct the engine coughed a couple of times and then fired up. In a minute or so the old two hundred sixty-five horsepower Chevy V-8 was running smoothly.
“How much gas do we have?”
“Fuel gauge shows half a tank. Grab our bag of equipment and throw it into the back seat, we are ready to go. Take out the portable police scanner from the bag – and adjust the frequency to the Dallas police dispatcher: 155.256. We need to know what they are up to at all times.”
A few vehicles down from the ’56 Chevy Bud and Lou had selected a 1949 Ford. It was old, rusty and looked like it had not been washed in ages, but it had one thing going for it – the impound personnel had left its key in the ignition. Who in the heck would want to steal it anyway, the impound workers must have thought. Bud opened the door and turned the key, nothing. The battery was dead. Bud with eyes shut, head in hands, leaned against the steering wheel and thought of the irony: here they were visitors from forty-nine years in the future; approximately twenty-four hours from one of America’s most historic tragedies; illegally trespassing in a Dallas police impound lot attempting to steal a car, and the car, of all things, has a dead battery. ‘For want of a horseshoe nail’, were they kidding? He thought.
Driving up in their ‘ride’ Lonnie Joe rolled down his window and was told about the battery. “What bad luck!” he said. “Try another car, someone is apt to come into this lot at any moment.”
“Bud,” said Lou with no response. “Bud,” again he got no response, “Bud!”
“What!! What is it Lou, for goodness sakes!”
“Bud, you know people have had a habit of keeping battery jumper cables in their car’s trunk. Why don’t we look in the trunk of this car and see if maybe there might be a pair of booster cables? If we could find a pair of cables we can get a jump start from Lonnie and Rocky’s car.”
“Are you crazy Lou, who would carry around a pair of cables in their trunk?”
“Gimme the trunk key,” demanded Lou.
As the old 1949 Ford sat there with its motor humming, Lou, grinning, turned to Bud, “You got anything to say Mr. Who-Would-Carry-Cables-In-Their-Trunk know-it-all?”
“Yeah, even a blind hog finds an acorn every once in a while – smart aleck!” 
Both teams now had their transportation. “We have to get away from here before being spotted. Let’s go a couple of blocks north on Houston and find a place to stop, then we can finalize our plans.”
“Okay, LJ, Lou and I will follow you and Rocky - lead on.”
 A few blocks from downtown the two cars pulled into the huge parking lot of the Lone Star supermarket.

DALLAS POLICE HEADQUARTERS

“Sarge! Sarge! Yelled Patrolman Tommy Jackson running up to the Desk Sergeant’s station in the lobby of the Dallas Police Headquarter building only a couple of blocks south of the Lone Star parking lot. 
“Calm down Tom... tell me what’s the problem? The desk sergeant said looking over his desk at the perspiring patrolman. 
Removing his handkerchief from his back pocket, Officer Jackson mopped his brow as he began to explain, “Sarge, I was comin’ up Commerce, headin’ east and I glanced over to my left toward the Texas School Book Building...”
“And... and... you got more? I drove by it this morning, didn’t see nothin’ out of the ordinary.”
“Yeah, yeah, Sarge there was somethin’... somethin’ shiny on the roof. The morning sunlight was bouncing off it like it was on fire. It was real shiny Sarge!”
“Ah, Tom, you must’ve seen one of them air vents. They are metal, and aluminum would shine pretty bright in the morning sun.”
“Nah, that wern’t no air vent Sarge... I know what I seen. Just as quick as I get into my patrol car I’m goin’ over there and check it out. I know I saw somethin’ that weren’t normal.”
After roll call, Officer Jackson and his partner Patrolmen Bert Lambert exited the police underground parking lot in their 1960 Ford cruiser and pointed it north on Houston toward the School Book Building. Passing the building Jackson said, “Bert, turn left right here into the police impoundment lot... we can see the top of the building real good from there.”
“Hey Tommy, look here.” Bert said pointed to the two empty car slots as the patrol car pulled into the vehicle storage lot. “Look, there’s been grass growin’ around these two spots. Someone has moved these two cars recently Tommy.”
“Reckon who would be stupid enough to steal cars from a police yard Bert?”
“I don’t know, but this ain’t the actual impoundment lot Tommy, this is the Dallas City Storage Lot. The normal impoundment lot is on the other side of that chain link fence over yonder,” Bert said motioning with his finger to another part of the large area of vehicles parked within the fenced in facility. “Cars left here have been here a long time, sometimes months. Let’s go talk with the Supervisor in charge. Maybe he moved ’em.”
Finding the small wooden building used as the office for the two persons in charge of the impoundment facility Officer Jackson and Lambert began questioning the employees about the disappearance of the two vehicles. 
Checking through his card file Mr. Willoughby the lot supervisor, looked over his glasses at the two officers standing in his office, and remarked, “Well I’ll be!! You’re right. There hasn’t been a removal of any vehicles from the Storage Lot in over two months. Those two vehicles must have been stolen. Oh my! This is going to be a stain on my impeccable record... I have never before lost a vehicle under my care. Your the police, do your duty... go find my two missing cars.”
Patrolman Jackson relayed the incident of the two stolen vehicles and their descriptions back to police headquarters. In a matter of minutes, the police dispatcher keyed her mike and announced to all patrol cars in the Dallas metropolitan area: 
“Attention all units, attention all units – BOLO for two vehicles stolen from Police Impoundment, one 1956 White over Blue two-door Bel-Air Chevrolet, Texas license CRT-045, expired March 1963 and one black 1949 four door Ford Mainline sedan, Texas license BRY-356, expired July 1962, direction of travel unknown at this time. Be On Look Out, if spotted approach with care occupants may be armed and dangerous.” 
As Patrolman Jackson and Lambert were driving away from the impoundment office, Lambert turned and asked Jackson, “Tom, what was it you wanted to see on the Texas School Book buildin’ anyway?”
Glancing up to the roof of the School Book building Patrolman Jackson not seeing anything unusual replied, “Aw, nothing, just thought I saw somethin’ up there this mornin’ but I must’ve been seein’ things. There’s nothing up there. Come on let’s get back on patrol and look for them two stolen cars.”
Taking a right on Houston the patrol car headed back into downtown Dallas towards Dealy Plaza. Little did the two police officers realize if they had, by chance, turned left instead of making a right turn, in a couple of blocks they would have discovered both of their stolen vehicles parked side by side in the Lone Star supermarket’s parking lot. The ‘possibly armed and dangerous’ thieves would have been leaning against the hood and front fenders of the Chevy talking strategy about their next move. So it is with chance, fate or just pure ole dumb luck.

LONE STAR PARKING LOT

Standing next to the open driver’s door of the ‘borrowed’ blue and white ’56 Chevy Rocky heard the Dallas police dispatcher broadcast the BOLO for their two stolen cars. “Guys! Guys! Did you all hear that?”
Turning from their conversation Lou responded to Rocky’s question with a question of his own, “What Rocky? What did you hear?”
Rocky related the All Points Bulletin he had just heard on the police scanner. He told them the police had just been given a Be On the Look Out order, which gave an exact description of their two cars, right down to the license plate numbers.
“Okay,” said Lonnie Joe, “now we know what we must do – we’ve got to ditch these two cars and find two more. We will need to get them from the same impoundment place.” He proceeded to tell the others he had noticed there had been a number of older municipal cars parked at the end of the second row of vehicles. He indicated they were probably being replaced by newer models and suggested they return to the impoundment lot, replace the ’56 Chevy and the ’49 Ford, and ‘borrow’ a couple of the Dallas city vehicles. His reasoning: the municipal cars would not be missed since they all looked alike. He suggested Bud go to the impoundment lot supervisor’s office and engage the two employees in conversation. He could pretend to be investigating the two ‘stolen’ vehicles. In the meantime he, Rocky and Lou would ‘appropriate’ two ‘new’ vehicles. 
Not much of a plan, he admitted, but it was a plan. Right now they had to get these two cars off the supermarket parking lot and out of sight. It was just a matter of time before a police cruiser came by and recognized them from the BOLO.
Forty-five minutes later they were back parked in the same spot in the Lone Star supermarket parking lot sporting different vehicles.
They had quickly driven back to the impound lot, parked the Chevy and Ford in their old spaces. Some of the city cars had only been parked in the lot a few weeks, so it was rather easy to find two in decent shape and suitable to their needs. It was also exceptionally neighborly of the storage personnel to leave the keys in the ignition making their ‘borrowing’ quite easy. It was so effortless; in fact, they shopped down the row looking for two cars with gas gages registering more than a half tank of gas. The municipal vehicles were not much to look at. Both cars selected were cheap 1954, black, four-door, Ford Mainlines, equipped with factory supplied, two hundred thirty-nine cubic inch engines, one hundred-thirty horsepower, flathead V-8s. This was the hottest engine in 1954 low-priced Ford autos. For a motley crew of 2012 car thieves plying their trade in 1963, these two cars were perfect.

THE CAROUSEL CLUB

“Everyone set? LJ you and Rocky, get over to Jack Ruby’s place and put the ‘bug’ on our Mafia friends. Lou and I will head over to Lee Harvey Oswald rooming house and see if we can rent a room. Just remember, be at the cow pasture no later than 11:55 Saturday. Pegasus is going to leave with or without us. One more thing – make sure your cellphones are set for ‘Vibrate’, you can only talk to each other as long as you are within five miles of the Texas School Book Depository. Good luck to us all!” The four formed a circle and each extended his arm and grasped the others hand. “On three - one - two - three - SCAR!!” They all hollered at the same time, reminiscent of their days on the athletic field.
Back into their car Lou was behind the steering wheel, “Okay Bud, which way to Oswald’s rooming house?”
“Pull back out onto Houston and turn left. We have to drive down to North Berkley Avenue; it’s only about two miles. At Berkley, we will hang a left. The rooming house will be at 1026, which will be just around the corner on our left.”
“Okay,” said Bud, “we’re off!”
In the other black Ford sedan, a similar conversation was taking place; however, their destination was Jack Ruby’s club on the corner of Field and Commerce Street. “Rocky, follow Bud and Lou until we come to Commerce. Turn left, and we should see Ruby’s Carousel Club in four or five blocks. It will be on our right. A parking garage is just past the entrance to the club, pull in there, and we will go inside Ruby’s place with our surveillance equipment.”
The two crews parted and headed their own separate ways. 
Arriving at the parking garage next to Ruby’s club Lonnie Joe and Rocky removed their bugging devices from their equipment bag and slipped the small devices into their jacket pockets. Up the long staircase, both of them trudged until they, as Captain Scarburg had done earlier, stood gazing into the semidarkness of a Texas ‘honky-tonk’. The Wurlitzer over in the corner wailed out Ernest Tubb’s ‘I’m Walkin’ the Floor Over You’. The room, as usual, was dark. The blue glow from the neon Lone Star beer sign over the bar provided enough light to see, but the two could tell there was not many customers sitting either at the bar or the tables. The hour of the day might have had something do with lack of patrons - it was 10:38 a.m.
Lonnie Joe and Rocky slipped quickly across the dance floor and saddled up to a couple of stools at the bar. The barkeep sporting a white t-shirt with both sleeves rolled up, a cigarette stuck over one ear, and a toothpick protruded from the side of his mouth slowly polished a shot glass with a towel. Without looking up, he matter-of-factly asked, “What’ll be your pleasure gents?”
“How ‘bout a couple of burgers and a couple of Bud Lites, Leroy”, Lonnie Joe ordered as he searched for the back room.
“What? You tryin’ to be funny mister? Bud Lights? Ain’t never heard of it. We got Schlitz, Lone Star and Pabst Blue Ribbon on tap, that’s all we got. Take it or leave it.”
“Yeah... right,” forgetting, for the moment, they were in 1963 and Budweiser Lites would not be introduced until 1982 responded, “Sorry, give us the Schlitz.” 
“How’d you know my name?”
“Oh, we’ve been in a couple of times, I guess you didn’t notice us,” said Rocky.
“Must not’ve,” said Leroy, “but I never forget a face.” As he continued polishing the shot glass he was holding he looked over its top and sized up Lonnie Joe and Leroy, “That’s funny, I don’t seem to remember you two.”
Trying to change the direction in which the conversation was heading Rocky replied, “Well, it was night and not much light in here, I can see why. Say, Leroy, me and my business partner need to talk over some private business,” Rocky said giving Leroy a wink, and at the same time sliding him a five spot across the bar, “care if we use the back room to eat?”
“Nah, that’s okay,” he said, quickly slipping the Abe Lincoln into his pocket, “the boss won’t be here for another hour or so, and there ain’t nobody back there now no how.”
Once the waitress had delivered the burgers and drinks to the back room they waited for her to exit through the swinging doors. Lonnie Joe hurriedly unscrewed the light bulb over the table. Rocky already had the replacement bulb in his hand. Within seconds, Rocky had it screwed in and working. Now for the picture hanger, “I’ll keep Leroy busy LJ,” said Rocky, “you replace the hanger with the miniature camera.”
Pushing through the swinging doors, Rocky walked up to the bar, “Leroy, you got any hot Tabasco sauce... I like my burgers hot enough to scorch my guzzle.”
Leroy removed a bottle of the Louisiana Hot Tabasco Sauce from the other end of the bar and slid it down the slick bar top. “Thanks,” Rocky said, reaching out and grabbing the bottle as it slid by, “this’ll hit the spot.” With sauce bottle in hand, he returned to the back room. Passing the swinging doors, he could see LJ was back sitting at the table eating his burger. “Everything okay?” Rocky asked.
“Fine, sit down and eat your hamburger. They’re not bad. We are ‘locked and loaded’, ready for the show.”
“Great... you say the ‘burgers are good? You know, I am hungry, so I don’t mind if I do.” Taking a bite from his burger Rocky remarked, “Hmmm, never ate a fifty year old hamburger.”

1026 NORTH BECKLEY AVENUE

Turning south on Houston Street, Bud and Lou, traveled the two miles to North Beckley Avenue in a matter of minutes. “Bud, I see the sign for North Beckley, turn left right up here.” Swinging from Houston onto their designated street, “The boarding house should be right up here on our left. The address is 1026. I see it Bud, it’s right there... the white frame house.” 
Bud indicated he saw the house, drove a few hundred feet past it down the street, made a U-turn and parked at the curb in front of the rooming house.
Walking up the sidewalk towards the dwelling, they could see Lee Harvey Oswald’s rooming house was an old white, wood sided, 1940’s style house with a large front porch. Ascending the concrete steps, and across the porch, Lou clenched his fist, opened the screen door, and rapped his knuckles on the front door.
There was no answer. “Try again,” said Bud.
After the second knock, the door opened slightly. A large, grey-haired woman wearing a white apron asked, “Yes, may I help you?” 
Bud, talking through the screen door inquired whether she might have a couple of rooms for rent. He explained that his name was Bud Scarburg, and Lou was his brother. The woman said she was the housekeeper, Mrs. Earlene Rodgers, but she would need to call the owner to see if any rooms were available. 
On her return, the brothers were told only one room was for rent but Mrs. Johnson the owner, said they could rent it since they were brothers; however, she would have to charge them full price for one, and half price for the other.
 “How much would the price be?”
“Now let’s see... it’s twelve dollars per week for one of you and then half for the other that would be four dollars - now eight plus four that would be —”
“Twelve dollars,” replied Lou without waiting for her to answer.
“That is correct. Twelve dollars and you get refrigerator and living room privileges. But there’ll be no drinking tolerated. Mrs. Johnson will toss your belongings on the porch if she thinks you have been drinking in her house.” 
The brothers nodded their heads in agreement, and Mrs. Rodgers opened the door.
As the three walked down the hallway to their room, Bud discretely fishing for information on Lee Harvey Oswald asked, “What about your other roomers? Me and my brother like peace and quiet. We don’t like rowdy neighbors. You don’t have nobody that gets disorderly do you?”
Mrs. Rodgers shook her head adamantly, “No siree, Mrs. Johnson don’t allow nothing like that.” She further explained only one other boarder was on this floor, and his room was down the hall, but she assured them that he was an exceptionally quiet person. Mrs. Rodgers went on to tell them the other roomer worked at the School Book building downtown. “Seems like a nice fellow, keeps to hisself.” 
“What’s his name...? Just in case we happen to run into him.”
“You know, I really don’t know, he’s only been here about a month. He checked in the middle of last month and signed in as “O. H. Lee.” Now I don’t know what the “O” or “H” stands for like I said he keeps to hisself. I just call him Mr. Lee.”
After opening the door and showing them their room, Mrs. Rodgers returned to her housekeeping duties. Lou surveyed the bleak surroundings as Bud walked over and sat down on the iron framed, twin bed. The mattress was so thin you could read a newspaper through it. The only furnishings in the room were the nightstand beside the bed, which supported a single, sixty-watt shade lamp, and a four-drawer dresser positioned against the far wall. The room, Bud guessed, was about twelve feet wide by sixteen feet long. “Well there is one good thing Lou —” 
Before he could finish Lou retorted as he surveyed the bleak room, “There’s something good? Please tell, let me in on it Bud.”
“The good thing is we’re only going to be here one night, but regardless, we still have to have a plan. Here’s how I see it Lou. You go back down to the living room and engage Mrs. Rodgers in conversation while I slip into Mr. “O. H. Lee’s” room and check it out. I’m sure Mrs. Rodgers does not keep the rooms locked. Huh, O. H. Lee? Now O. H. Lee has to be Lee Harvey Oswald written backwards. I always thought, he wasn’t too bright, but now I know he wasn’t too innovative either. O. H. Lee, give me a break.”
“What will I talk about Bud? I don’t know anything to talk to a person about in 1963. Heck, I wasn’t even born in 1963.”
“I don’t know Lou,” thinking for a second Bud answered, “I know...talk about the weather... sports... no, forget sports... I know talk about the President coming tomorrow. Surely she knows about his visit... throw in that we work for the Dallas Street Department, and our jobs will be to block off the parade route. That will get her attention. Just keep her occupied while I search his room.”
Down the hall, Lou ventured, looking for Mrs. Rodgers. Bud following closely behind hesitated at the door of Mr. O. H. Lee’s room. Turning the corner from the hall into the living room Lou found Mrs. Rodgers dusting a bookshelf, and began engaging her with his banter about the President coming to town. Bud could hear the faint conversation between the two of them. He could not understand what they were saying, but, needless to say, he only wanted Lou to keep her busy. The topic of the conversation was not important.
Standing motionless in the hall for a moment, Bud stole a glance to his left and then to his right toward the living room. He had to make sure Mrs. Rodgers wasn’t looking his way. I sure hope we have this figured right, he thought, when I crack open this door there could be someone named Oscar Henry Lee lying right smack in the middle of the bed with a .45 pistol in his hand. Texans seem to be proud of their firearms and are prone to use them, especially on someone breaking into their room!!”
He grasped the brass doorknob and turned it slightly, he was right, the door was not locked. He pushed it open just a couple of inches to see if anyone inside objected. No one did. He opened the door wide enough to slip inside. The room was furnished almost exactly as his room with the exception this room was smaller. The same type twin, iron bed frame, nightstand, lamp and dresser occupied Mr. O. H. Lee’s room. The dresser, Lou thought, pulling out one drawer then the next... Darn, nothing but clothes... what about under the mattress? Darn again... there’s nothing here. Wait, he heard something – voices! Bud and Mrs. Rodger’s conversation were getting closer! They are coming down the hall. Quickly he moved to the door and pressed his ear against the wood in order to hear a little better. Yes, the voices were moving closer toward the door he was cowering behind... what was he going to do? What if Mrs. Rogers opens the door to Mr. Lee’s room? A plan! A plan, he thought. I’m caught – I only had a Plan A, and this is it. Bud and Mrs. Rodgers were approaching, she would turn the handle any second now... he watched his side of the doorknob intently for any hint of movement. Sweat was beginning to form on his brow. What!! What was he hearing – the sounds of the footsteps are... are... decreasing, they are walking by. She is not coming into the room. Lou had asked about the refrigerator, and Mrs. Rodgers was showing him the kitchen. Bud silently opened Mr. “O. H. Lee’s” door and quickly slipped, unnoticed back down the hallway to his own room. 
Returning from his impromptu talk with Mrs. Rodgers, and the visit to the kitchen, Bud opened the door to his and Lou’s room, “Lou, you should have talked with her. All I did was stutter and stammer. I bet she thought I was a complete idiot. I couldn’t even keep her busy long enough for you to search the room.”
“Well,” Lou said grinning, “she got the idiot part right, but forget about it. I did have time to search Oswald’s room. Bud there was no gun. The room is nothing but a matchbox; there is nowhere to hide anything. Two mosquitoes would bump into each other in there. He had a few clothes in the dresser and an extra pair of shoes under the bed, that was it - nothing else.”
“Wait a minute Bud, everything we have read said Oswald returned to his rooming house after shooting President Kennedy to get his jacket and his pistol. Isn’t this right?”
“That is half right – he may have gotten his jacket, but he never got a gun. There is not a gun in his room.”
“Okay, Bud what is our plan for tomorrow?”
“I believe it has been well established Lee Harvey Oswald fired from the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository. Grandpa proved he heard the shot. We need to go into Dallas in the morning, park off Dealy Plaza and stand close to the entrance of the School Book building and follow Oswald when he comes out. We especially want to see what he does once he gets back here to his room in this rooming house.”
“How can we do it Bud?”
“We know from all accounts Oswald left the School Book building walking. After a couple of blocks, he got on a bus. It went a few blocks and got stuck in the Presidential parade traffic. Oswald got off the bus, and hailed a taxi that let him off a block or two from this rooming house. With all that’s going on we should be quite able to return to our car, drive the couple of miles or so and be here before Lee Harvey Oswald gets back. Then we can follow him and see if he meets anyone.”
“Good idea Lou, but let me throw this at you. What if we don’t come back here to the rooming house, but goes instead to the vicinity of 10th Street and Patton Avenue. That is where Oswald was reported to have killed J. D. Tippit, the Dallas police officer. It is only about three quarters of a mile from here.”
“Good Bud, a fine idea, a lot better than mine. We will pick a spot around 10th and Patton and watch what happens. We did bring our camera with the telephoto lens didn’t we?”
“You betcha, Lou, I’ll get us some fine photos. You just get us close to the action.”

Chapter Forty-Nine
“CAPTAIN IT IS YOU, ISN’T IT?”

Getting up from the kitchen table Captain Scarburg looked at Clem and Penelope, “I know all I have just told you is strange. Well strange may not be strong enough a word. What about crazy, out of my mind, farfetched or science fiction, are any of these better? Anyway, trust me, what I have told you is ‘cross my heart and hope to die’ the truth. 
“Before I leave I want to thank both of you for the hospitality you have shown to me, not only on this trip, but on my first jump from 2012 to your 1963 time period too. I would especially like to tell you how much I appreciate you taking Forrest and Olive Marie into your home during this blizzard. I believe God has a special place reserved in Heaven for people such as you two. You are certainly the salt of this Earth.”
“Captain, please don’t go back out into that there freezin’ weather. Stay the night with us, you can leave in the mornin’.”
“Thanks Clem, but I don’t have time to wait. I have to be going regardless of the weather.”
Walking past the closet door on his way to the front door Clem said, “Oh, sorry Captain, I plum neer forgot. Them younguns of you’rn took a couple of pieces of mine and Penelope’s clothes.”
“What? Clothing? What are talking about Clem?”
“I didn’t ‘member ‘till I seed this closet – them grandkids of you’rn took my black, Reverend Pickett’s Cadilack drivin’ suit and Penelope’s waitressin’ outfit too. What yer reckon they wanted them fer, Captain?”
“I have a fairly good idea – Clem, Penelope I hope I get a chance to stop by before I leave and say goodbye, but you will have to forgive me now, I have a party to go too. Don’t worry about your clothes when I find the kids I’ll make sure they return your things.”
The snow and blowing wind from the night before had begun to abate somewhat, but the temperature had to be close to zero. Penelope had supplied him with an extra sweater and coat belonging to Clem, a woolen scarf and an additional pair of pants. Actually, he thought, it’s cold, but I can make it... I have to... for Forrest and Olive Marie’s sake. By-ned, I’m sure glad I’ve got this Army Jeep. I don’t believe I could get through this snow without it.”
The freezing trip from the Ponderosa to the outskirts of Dallas took the better part of four and one half hours. By the time, he reached the north side of Dallas and turned off Highway 279 it would be just a mile or so to 45 Ash Hill Lane. Ash Hill Lane was only thirty miles from Celina, Texas, usually a drive of less than an hour, but it was nearing midnight when Captain Scarburg pulled up and stopped at the entrance to Murdock’s long driveway leading to the large mansion.
Fortunately, the snow had tapered off considerably as he neared Dallas. The snow in the driveway was only a couple of inches deep. The Captain could tell by the tracks it had been a couple of hours since any vehicles had traveled the roadway. The tire prints from previous cars were almost snow filled, and none appeared to have been made recently. 
Only three options were available: If Forrest and Olive Marie attended the party they were either still inside the house, or they had been found out, and possibly moved somewhere else, but they could have gotten the information they came for and left on their own. He could not afford to guess – he had to scope out the house first. If they were not there, he would have to draft his next move.
It was after midnight, it was time to go. Leaving the Jeep parked across from the entrance to the drive he decided the only method to approach the house unnoticed must be by foot. The driveway was a few hundred yards long, but his feet were almost numb anyway so more snow and ice were not going to hurt much more. The giant two hundred year old live oak trees formed an almost perfect umbrella over the middle of the driveway, sheltering the drive from one side to the other. As the Captain viewed the driveway from the street end, the arched canopy of tree branches gave him the appearance of gazing into a snow-covered tunnel. Taking his time he began to slowly walk across the snow, trying to be as quiet as possible, but every step created a crunching noise seemingly as loud as a herd of horses running toward the house; however, his nerves had amplified the noise considerably above their actual decibel reading. The actual noise his feet made against the snow could not be heard more than a few feet away, hopefully, no one was aware he was coming. 
His utmost concern as he walked through the snow: a dog. He wondered if the Murdock’s had a watchdog. A dog would start barking at the smell of his mere presence, and worst still it might be a Doberman Pincher or Rottweiler with teeth like a crocodile. His mind raced, forget the dogs, they probably have a watchman and all kinds of security surveillance devices such as infrared detectors and hidden cameras. Then it hit him, nah, this is 1963, things such as surveillance devices this sophisticated were not in use back then, but a watchman – he could be a real possibility.
Nearing the house, he paused behind one of the large oak trees and spent a second or two scanning the house. A few lights were visible in the lower floor windows, and a couple of windows on the second floor indicated, possibly, someone was up there too. He carefully surveyed the area around the house – he did not see a watchman or a guard. He could see the snow on the grass, being illuminated by the glow of the lights from the lower floor windows. He could see no fresh footprints in the new fallen snow. He did see some older prints that had been partially filled with windblown snow. Those footprints indicated the persons who had walked there earlier had gone around the left side of the house. Why would they be going around there? 
His decision was to inch his way around the left exterior keeping away from the windows, hugging close to the shrubbery to avoid detection. Hopefully, he could get around to the rear of the mansion without being discovered. He moved from his hiding place from behind the trunk of the tree. The Captain was about to take his first step toward his objective when a form suddenly appeared from behind a nearby tree blocking the sidewalk between himself and the house.
Oh, by-ned, they do have a guard! At first all he could see was a head. What was on the head? Is that a cowboy hat? Yes, it is, he thought, but for a guard he is not exceptionally large. Considering his small size he surely must be armed. That’s okay, he thought reaching into the pocket of his coat for his own .45 caliber automatic pistol. 
Raising the pistol up into firing position, he waited for the shadowy figure to make his move before he fired. He knew the noise of the Colt automatic would arouse everyone in the house, but if it were his life or the ghostly figure next to the tree, this wasn’t going to be much of a choice. He pulled the hammer back into the cocked position – looking over the pistols sights he drew a bead dead center on the ‘watchman’s’ chest. Slowly placing his index finger on the trigger, the Captain knew it was now or never.
“Captain, Captain Scarburg, is it you?” The phantom like apparition said in a voice barely above a whisper.
“Yes, I am Captain Scarburg. To whom am I addressing?”
“I am Anhur Captain. It is me Anhur,” he said stepping out from the shadows of the trees into the dim light. The Captain stood stunned as he watched Anhur slowly approach closer.
Firmly keeping his pistol ‘at ready’ Captain Scarburg hesitantly moved toward the petite figure advancing toward him. As the person neared, he could plainly see, it was indeed Anhur.
“Anhur, my friend. Is it really you? What are you doing? Why are you here?” The Captain questioned in a quiet whisper. “By-ned, where in the blazes did you get my cowboy hat?”
In a hushed voice, Anhur replied, “Ah, the hat... yes… later, but as always Captain Scarburg, I cannot keep my nose out of your family’s business. That is funny!”
“Funny? Funny! Anhur how can helping me be funny?”
“No, not that kind funny. Funny because I do not have what you Earthlings call ‘a nose’.
“Right,” said Grandpa, “point taken. How are you going to help Anhur? I am trying to find Forrest and Olive Marie before something dreadful happens to them.”
“I am sorry to inform you Captain something dreadful has already happened to them.”
“Tell me Anhur... they are not... not... dead, are they?”
“No, but alive only for the moment. They are being held captive in this house. Their captors intend to eliminate them tomorrow after the ‘event’.”
“Yes, I know about the ‘event’, give me a quick run-down on their situation.”
Anhur moved in close to the Captain and explained how both Forrest and Olive Marie were being held in the basement. They were bound, blindfolded and gagged. One Secret Service agent was sitting just inside the basement entrance, and another was stationed at the top of the stairs leading into the main house. The only other person in the house was a woman by the name of Margaret White. All the others had departed immediately after the party. There had been a number of people at a guesthouse within twenty feet of the basement door, but it was now unoccupied.
“Do you have a plan, Captain?”
“No, not exactly Anhur, but I’m working on one.

Chapter Fifty
EARLIER THAT AFTERNOON

“What time is it Rocky?”
Opening the gold cover on his pocket watch, Rocky replied it was close to 11:00 a.m.
Turning on the digital recorder and the camera monitor Rocky, reasoned it was about time the Mafioso were supposed to begin arriving.”
The two of them, Lonnie Joe and Rocky got comfortable in the car the city of Dallas had unintentionally ‘loaned’ them; however, they did not have long before the Cosa Nostra leaders began arriving. One by one they made their way into the back room taking a seat at the circular table. Lonnie Joe and Rocky could hear every word spoken. Not only could they hear, they were also recording every movement the mobsters made.
The infamous Jack Ruby made his entrance completing the little party. Reaching into his coat pocket Lonnie Joe removed a piece of paper. It was the seating arrangement of the men sitting at the table. Captain Scarburg had received it from one of the waitresses at the Carousel Club. As the gangsters took their seats, Lonnie Joe checked their names off the list. The last two arrived and seated themselves to the left of Jack. Those two were mystery guests. 
The Captain related his visit to the Carousel Club in detail; he said the waitress, Linda Lou Dearmann had never seen the last two before. Captain Scarburg explained to Lonnie Joe and Rocky that they were to be especially interested in those last two; they must have a crucial role in the ‘event’ of 22 November. 
He explained that the waitress heard their names. One of them was referred to as ‘the handler’ and Linda thought his name was Donald Atwood Pearson, the second person’s name was Dan or Danny. That was about all she could recall.
As Lonnie Joe and Rocky sat watching and listening to the group at the table in the back room of the Carousel Club, they were first hand witnesses to information so explosive, so sensational no one would ever believe them. Thank goodness it had all been recorded.
The “handler” began the meeting. He explained the CIA had everything set. The ‘event’ was to take place around 12:30 tomorrow as the Presidential motorcade traveled around the square at Dealy Plaza. He assured the mobsters the CIA would take care of their problem. He introduced his partner Danletsky. Danletsky goes by the name of Danny he said. Danny was there to help solve their problem.”
“What the hell? We don’t need no outsider to take care of our business!” said one of the mobsters.
Interrupting the speaker the handler explained that Danny’s Father was Colonel Andrei Danletsky, a Russian by birth, second in command under the Cuban dictator General Batista. His position under Batista gave him control of the Cuban Secret Police; however, in 1958 Batista along with Colonel Danletsky and his family were forced to flee Cuba when Fidel Castro overthrew the Batista government. The CIA, to lead the Free Cubans in the CIA backed effort to retake Cuba, recruited Colonel Danletsky. On the morning of 17 April 1961, Colonel Danletsky was…
“Shot dead on the beaches of Cuba.” Danny angrily added. “Killed in the Bay of Pigs invasion by that yellow-bellied president – John Kennedy. He did not provide the invasion force with air cover as he promised. I’ve waited two years to pay those Kennedy’s back!!”
“My,” said one of the Mafia group, “seems as though you’ve got a burr under your saddle against the Kennedy’s? But how do we know you’re up to the task?”
At this point, the CIA man Donald Pearson took over the conversation and explained how Danny was very young when the family was forced from their home in Cuba. He told how the Russian KGB had recruited Danny, when older, to work as a double agent with the Castro regime. Later the CIA enlisted Danny’s services to help plan the re-taking of Cuba by the Free Cuban Exiles. He further explained, “Danny was part of our planning group in the Bay of Pigs screw-up. Those Kennedys really fouled up the works.”
“Darn right,” Danny said. “Those sorry Kennedys got my Father and a lot of his friends murdered on those beaches in Cuba - I’m never going to forgive them or find peace until I can avenge their deaths. I’m goin’ to get me some peace tomorrow!”
“Now,” said Pearson, “I am going to use Danny to help with this Dealy Plaza ‘event’.”
Johnny Russolli added, “Good, sounds like you found a person with enough revenge in their heart to get the job done, but one question: What the hades is Dealy Plaza?”
“Don’t worry Johnny,” said Pearson, “it’s a park in downtown Dallas. It has a couple of sharp turns, which will make the motorcade slow down. Then our shooters can get a good shot.”
“Shooters? How many we got?” One of them asked.
“We have four, but only three will be shooting. I have this fellow Oswald who will be perched in a window on one of the top floors of a corner office building. There will be another shooter on the roof. A third will be hiding in some bushes just before the parade gets to the triple overpass.” 
“I thought you said you had four?”
“Yes, the fourth is just a back up if something goes wrong. He will be in the building across the street from Oswald. He will have a walkie-talkie speaking directly to the shooter in the bushes. If our man on the roof, or Oswald misses, then he and the shooter at the grassy knoll will make sure the President is killed.”
“We sure about this Oswald guy?” Mancini asked. 
“No I’m not real confident with him!”
“Well you’re the CIA ‘handler’, you’re supposed to handle him. What’s the problem Pearson?”
“No problem Carlos. He is just a patsy. He’s too dumb to pull off something like this by himself, but by the time we are through the police will think he was a lone gunman in the ‘event’.”
“Well, Pearson what makes you think he’ll do as you told him?”
“The CIA dealt with Lee Harvey Oswald years ago, and since then we have been screwing with his mind. The CIA has a program called MK-ULTRA, it is like... like... well its mind control.”
“Did you say MK-ULTRA?” Carlos Mancini asked as he began writing on a piece of pink napkin.”
“Yes, but don’t write that down, we don’t know who might see it,” answered Pearson.
“We not only used mind control techniques, but psychedelic drugs and in some instances torture. We have screwed with this poor kid’s head for years. He wouldn’t know his rear-end from a hole in the ground, unless I tell him. Right now the CIA has him believing he is doing the country a big favor by getting rid of Kennedy. He believes he is a patriot. He thinks Communism is a better form of government than a Democratic Republic, the nitwit.”
“If he gets caught can he be tied back to you or any of us?”
“Perhaps, but what he doesn’t know is I am going to get rid of him tomorrow. I don’t trust him to stay quite, we are going to eliminate him.”
“How you goin’ to do it?”
“After the shooting, he will return to his boarding house, and I have arranged for a police car to drive by, blow the horn twice and deliver a .38 Colt revolver to him as he leaves. It’s a World War II Smith & Wesson Victory Model that I picked up at a pawnshop, totally untraceable back to us. I am going to send a car over to Oswald’s rooming house on Beckley and drive him down within a couple of blocks of 10th Street and Patton Avenue. A few blocks down and over from Beckley a police officer by the name of J. D. Tippet will stop and search him. One of my associates who will be riding in the police car with Tippit will step out and fire two or three times killing Oswald. Our guy will then turn and kill Tippet. Next he will remove the gun from Oswald’s pocket and fire it into the air. It will appear as though Oswald shot Tippet and Tippet then killed Oswald. Afterwards, no one will ever be able to tie us back to Oswald in any manner.”
Ruby asked, “What happens if something goes wrong Mr. Pearson? What if Oswald gets captured before you can eliminate him?”
“Then we will just deal with it if that happens, but I don’t foresee any difficulties, we’ll take care of Oswald when the time comes. If things do not work out as I have planned Oswald has been instructed to go to the Texas Theatre and meet one of our contact men – this man will eliminate Oswald if need be.”
“Okay, gentlemen,” said Ruby leaning over on the table and looking directly into the sinister eyes of the Mafia bosses said, “If Mr. Pearson does not take care of our friend Mr. Oswald, I will. I’m your guy... depend on me... I’ll make sure he doesn’t talk; you all can rest assured... you have my word on it. I pledge before all of y’all here and now, I will take him out, or die trying, that is a promise, and everyone knows Jack Ruby keeps his promises.”
“Good, good, that’s good to know Jack, you’ll take care of Oswald. What about the Vice President... is he on board?”
Pearson answered, “Completely, there will be a meeting tonight up in north Dallas, and all the parties attending will agree to our protocol of events. It will be a confirmed ‘go’ by all those at the meeting. Johnson would do anything to become President, and it looks like he will be doing it. I was personally given the word by his Chief-of-Staff to proceed.”
Santo Riccocante the mob boss from Tampa interjected his two cents saying he would be glad to get rid of Kennedy. Calling him a sorry s.o.b. He thought with Johnson, he could get back into Cuba, and get his casinos opened back up and running again. You could hear the hate in his voice when he said the Kennedy brothers were costing the “Family” millions. If only they could get rid of his brother too.
“Pearson said, “Don’t worry, Mr. Attorney General Robert is going to be taken care of next, but first we got to get rid of his brother, the President.”
“You know,” one of the mobsters said, “why is the CIA so hot and bothered about Kennedy?”
Pearson answered, “That worthless President and his idiot brother want to dismantle the whole covert section of government, especially the CIA. They don’t have a clue how things work. We were ready, willing and able to take Cuba back from Castro, but Kennedy got cold feet at the last minute and let the whole thing turn into that Bay of Pigs fiasco. If he had just stayed out of it Cuba would be free today, and Santo, me and you would be at one of your casinos drinking Scotch, throwing dice and chasing women.”
“Yeah, now you’re talkin’.”
“Kennedy blamed it all on the CIA, called us foul ups. Well he was right with the name ‘foul ups’, but he had the name on the wrong party. He should have been talking about himself and his idiot brother the Attorney General.”
“Damn right, we’re losing a fortune every day that moron Castro stays in power.”
“Oh, the main thing Kennedy said he wanted to do was scatter the CIA to the winds. The CIA ain’t gonna let that happen, trust me. After Johnson takes power, this harassment will stop, and then your associates and my associates can get back to doing business in our customary, normal fashion.
Reaching across the table, they all touched glasses and in unison said, “To a successful ‘Event’ tomorrow.”
“What about that?” said Lonnie Joe. 
“Great, and we have it all on tape.”

MEANWHILE, ACROSS TOWN

It was almost dark outside. Bud and Lou did not see anything else they could do today. They decided to go over their agenda for the next day, and afterwards go out and get a bite to eat. After supper they would return and watch a little television with Mrs. Rodgers. Later they would try to get a decent nights rest. They certainly realized they would have a busy day tomorrow.
Lou was worried. He just had one question for Bud. “We both have seen pictures of the Texas School Book Depository’s front door. There will be a large crowd of people ganged up there trying to get a glimpse of the President. I was thinking it is very possible we could miss Oswald in the crowd as he leaves the building. What if one of us stands close to the front door and the other is up the street a few yards toward the corner of Elm and Houston. When he leaves he will have to come right by both of us. Surely, one of us will see him.”
“Good idea Bud, which station do you want?”
“Either is fine, but since it’s my idea I will take the position on the corner, you stand close to the entrance to the School Book building. How’s that?”
“Sounds good, let’s drive down to 10th and Patton before finding something to eat. I would like to ‘scope’ out the place before we arrive tomorrow.”
The drive from 1026 North Beckley Avenue to 10th and Patton was only a few blocks. They slowly drove down Patton until it intersected with 10th. They noticed a ‘For Sale’ sign in one of the front yards just a house or two from the corner.
“Bud, stop! Stop the car!” The car stopped rolling; Lou opened the door and jumped out, pulled the ‘For Sale’ sign up and tossed it into the back seat of their car.
“What... what are you doing Lou?”
Lou explained with this sign missing no one will know this house is for sale. So no one should be at the house tomorrow when they arrive. Lou suggested they pull up into this driveway, park and replace the For Sale sign. The house is empty, and for sale, none of the neighbors should notice them. Even if some neighbors do, they will suspect they are just potential buyers. When Officer Tippit and Oswald approach Lou, they could crouch down in the seats and remain hidden from view. They should be able to witness the entire brutal shooting of Officer Tippit.”
“Bud, something has been bothering me. We know Officer J. D. Tippit is going to be killed tomorrow, right here on this very spot. We have the ability to prevent this tragedy. Is it morally wrong that we sit back and don’t intercede, or maybe the question is – should we?”
“I’ve just got two answers for you Lou – No, and especially No!! Remember what the Captain said, ‘Little changes in the past can create major changes in the future’. It is not up to us to alter the course of J. D. Tippit’s life. I wish it were so, but it is not. This terrible scene has to play itself out just as though we were not here to witness it. Agreed.”
“Reluctantly, yes - you are right Bud. Let’s try calling Lonnie Joe and Rocky and see how they are coming along. I’m depressed and need to hear some friendly voices.”
“Yeah, good idea – we are within five miles of Pegasus. I’ll give their number a try.”
“Hey, LJ and Rocky, Bud and Lou here... yeah you’re right, it is funny...who else could be calling... how are things going on your end... good... good... yeah, us too. We’re all set for tomorrow what are you and Rocky going to do. Say, you get the goods on the Mafia bunch today? Yeah... good... Lou and I have been discussing the events of tomorrow... yeah, that’s right... we have to follow Oswald after the shooting and see what he does... yeah... yeah... we’ve done that... but here’s our problem. We’re afraid with the large crowd, which will be gathered in front of the Texas School Book building we might miss Oswald when he comes out... okay... okay... yeah, LJ that sounds great. In fact, it sounds really great... okay, we’ll see you both tomorrow. Goodbye.”
“Bud, tell me what they said?”
“LJ said he and Rocky planted a ‘bug’ over the table and placed the camera on the picture holder at Jack Ruby’s Carousel Club with no hitches. The Mafia showed up, just on clue, and LJ and Rocky got all of the mobs plotting and scheming to kill President Kennedy on film.”
“What else did LJ say?”
“LJ was telling us since they had completed their mission they wanted to help us. LJ said tonight they were going to sleep in their car in the parking garage. In the morning, they will come over to Dealy Plaza and help us follow Oswald. One of them will wait just inside the Book building’s door, and the other will wait on the sidewalk just outside the front door. When Oswald comes out of the building, you and I will immediately travel over to 10th and Patton, and LJ and Rocky are going to follow him on foot to see if he talks with anyone on his way to Oswald’s rooming house.” 
“Sounds terrific, we certainly can use the extra help. Let’s go get something to eat, and then head back over and watch some TV with Mrs. Rodgers. What’s on TV tonight Bud? 
“Lou! What do I look like - the 1963 edition of TV Guide? How in the world do you think I would know what programs are on television on a Wednesday night in Dallas, Texas in 1963?”
“Just having some fun with you Bud... just having some fun... looks as though we have a solid plan for tomorrow.

MIDNIGHT AT THE MURDOCKS

Captain Scarburg’s hand holding the .45 automatic began to tremble slightly. He was thinking how close he had come to shooting his old alien friend Anhur.
Earlier, the Captain was extremely tense as he crunched across the snow, and down the sidewalk toward the Murdock mansion. He had been expecting a guard or watchman, and Anhur’s sudden appearance from behind a tree bordering the driveway was almost the catalyst that caused a ‘shoot and ask questions later’ response. The Captain knew if it took violence to find Forrest and Olive Marie, then violence it would be.
He had just heard Anhur say there were at least two highly trained Secret Service men guarding Forrest and Olive Marie. How did he propose he and Anhur proceed? What did Captain Scarburg have in mind?
“Okay, Anhur, let’s slip around beside the house and go into the guesthouse. I’m sure the doors will not be locked; Mr. Murdock just had a party, so they have not had time to secure the property. Once inside lets see if we can find a serving pot and a coffee cup. Anhur then go across to the basement door and announce you have some hot coffee for the Secret Service agent on guard duty. I will be positioned outside beside the door, as the agent opens the door to get the coffee I will overpower him, and we will push into the basement and rescue my two grandchildren. What do you think?”
“Captain, we have always known you Earthlings have the ability to be deceitful and cunning. I like it!”
From their position in front of the house, the Captain and Anhur ventured past the mansion and entered the snow-covered lawn on the far side of the guesthouse. This approach would allow them to slip unnoticed into the old carriage house.
Once inside they found a coffee urn and an empty coffee cup. “Fill the urn with boiling, hot water Anhur,” Captain Scarburg said, “get it as hot as possible. When the agent opens the door dash the scalding water into his face. That will distract him long enough for me to make my move.”
Retrieving a white towel from the linen closet he draped it over Anhur’s arm and handed him the urn and coffee cup. “Give me a second or two to get positioned then knock on the door.” As the Captain tiptoed across the snow-covered lawn between the guesthouse and the basement, he noticed the green Ford truck parked in the lot behind the main residence. He correctly reasoned this was Forrest and Olive Marie’s transportation from the cow pasture.
The maneuver on the guard with the scalding hot water was a total success, and now Anhur and the Captain were standing in the dark basement. The Secret Service agent lay unconscious at the doorway; however, the struggle to overcome him created enough noise to cause the agent at the top of the stairs to call out, “Charlie, what’s going on down there? What was that noise? Is everything all right?” He opened the door at the head of the stairs and began to descend, step by slow step down into the basement. Seeing the Captain in the dark, he fired his nine-millimeter Beretta service weapon, barely missing the Captain’s head by a mere couple of inches. The Captain instinctively fired back causing the agent to crumple and roll down the steps into a bloody heap at the foot of the stairs, a .45 slug buried deep within his chest. Stepping across the pool of coagulating, crimson blood Captain Scarburg felt the man’s neck for a pulse as the warm, sticky, red fluid slowly oozed from the agent’s chest.
Putting his two fingers to the carotid artery on the neck of the wounded man Captain Scarburg could feel a slight pulse... it was thready and weak... but the prospect of his survival did not look good. The Secret Service agent was breathing in gasps... the Captain reached and grasped his hand. It was cold. 
“Hold on son, hold on,” said Captain Scarburg, “we’ll get help.” A slight moan emanated from the throat of the agent. Suddenly a hard gasp for air followed by a convulsive jerk, and he was gone! Captain Scarburg had killed a Secret Service agent! 
Suddenly Captain Scarburg was startled by what he thought was a flash of blue lightning, but it only lasted a microsecond. Lightning? No, it is snowing outside, he thought. I must be hallucinating. Released the grip on the dead man’s hand he turned toward Anhur, “Anhur did you see that flash of blue light? Was I seeing things?”
Without showing any surprise, he answered, “Yes Captain Scarburg, I saw the flash of light.”
Glancing at the identification badge attached to the breast pocket of the agent’s suit coat, the Captain could read the name: ‘ROUSSEAU, Roger’. “Hmmm...” said Captain Scarburg, “ROUSSEAU that’s interesting.” 
Turning his attention to the two bound and gagged captives in the basement, he quickly cut the cords binding their wrists, removed the tape from their mouths and untied the handkerchiefs that had been blinding their vision.
“Forrest!! Is it you?” Olive Marie yelled.
“Olive Marie!!” This was the first time either of the two prisoners realized whom the other had been. Rushing across the room Forrest embraced Olive Marie. In their joy and excitement of their reunion, they failed to notice Captain Scarburg and Anhur standing back in the shadows of the basement; however, Forrest did notice the dead body at the foot of the stairs and the other agent lying unconscious at the basement door.
Before another word was spoken Captain Scarburg asked, “Are you two okay?”
“Grandpa? Grandpa! Is that you? I knew you would come, I just knew it,” cried Olive Marie. “I was so scared Grandpa, they were going to kill us... I was standing in the hallway outside the Vice President’s meeting room eavesdropping on their conversation when I was apprehended by the Secret Service...”
Forrest interjected, “Sis, did you hear them planning the President’s assassination?”
“Yes, yes Forrest they were all in on it. I heard them talking about killing President Kennedy. Grandpa I was so scared... the spy business is not as exciting as I had imaged. It is pretty dangerous.”
“I know Olive, I know. That’s why Anhur and I came for you and Forrest. You are safe now. We are going to take you both back to Clem and Penelope’s Ponderosa. Saturday we will board Pegasus and go home. Your mother and father are worried to death.”
“Thank you Grandpa, thank you. I knew you wouldn’t forget us,” Olive Marie said between sobs.
“Anhur, see those telephone lines running across the far wall? Take my knife and cut those wires, we don’t want the woman upstairs to alert anyone to our presence. After cutting the telephone lines tie the other agent up, then meet us upstairs. We need to go upstairs and get out of this damp, death-ridden basement. And, give me back my old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat Anhur, you little alien pirate.”
Dutifully relinquishing the hat to the Captain, Anhur remarked, “I shall perform my duties per your instructions Captain Scarburg. Forrest and Olive Marie, it is nice to see you are well. I am thankful you are safe.”
“No Anhur, it is Olive Marie, and I that should be saying thanks to you. It seems you are always around when we need you... thank you Anhur.”
“Yes,” added Olive, “I want to say ‘thank you’ too, Anhur. You are a true friend.”
The time was 3:20 a.m., Thursday, November 22, 1963.

“I HAVEN’T HEARD IT ALL!!”

Upstairs they found Margaret White huddled on a couch, whimpering and shaking uncontrollably. “Please,” she said pleading, “please don’t hurt me. I had nothing to do with holding you people. That was Lyndon Johnson and the Secret Service’s idea. I thought I was in love with him, but tonight I found out what a scoundrel he really is. He just left me here, saying he would return. How could I have been so fooled?”
“Now, now Ms. White... don’t be so hard on your self. Love can sometimes be blind, so blind. But do not worry, we are not here to hurt you,” the Captain said reassuringly. “Where did the people who met with the Vice President go after they left the party?”
“They said something about going into Dallas. Some big ‘event’ was going to take place there tomorrow, but they did not tell me what it was. In fact, after the meeting broke up Lyndon hardly spoke to me. He was too busy drinking, shaking hands and slapping people on the back. You would have thought he had just won the presidential election.
Olive Marie interjected, “That’s right Grandpa. As I said earlier, I was standing in the hall right outside the room where the meeting took place. I could not make out everything they were saying, but I heard enough to know it was going to concern killing Kennedy, tomorrow in Dallas, and at Dealy Plaza. At the mention of the word ‘payback’ I could hear them all laughing. Ms. White is correct - they were celebrating.”
“By the way, how did you know my name was ‘White’?” Ms. White asked addressing the Captain.
Captain Scarburg brushed the question aside, “That is not important now, what is important Ms. White you are safe with us. We know what is going on tomorrow, but it is better you remain in the dark. It is for your own sake.”
“I heard a couple of gun shots. What happened?”
“Well, hmmm, there are two Secret Service agents in the basement; however, one was shot dead, but the other is alive, and tightly bound hand and foot. But Ms. White, I still believe the least you know about us the better off you will be. I will not introduce myself or these other two people to you; therefore, when your interrogators ask you questions you will have nothing useful to tell them. I believe this strategy is in your best interest. After tomorrow Ms. White, you will understand why I think this action is necessary.”
“I suppose you must do what you think is right, but I did hear the Secret Service say they would be back and relieve the two they left behind.”
“Did they say when?”
“Yes, they are due back any minute now.”
“That settles it, we need to get out of here Ms. White. We will bind your hands and feet, quite comfortably, and leave you lying on the couch. When the other Secret Service Agents arrive the story you will tell them will be true – almost: ‘You heard gunfire. Two men and a woman came up from the basement and questioned you about any valuables in the house. You gave them no answers, so they tied you up and left.’ I think that will supply them with sufficient enough information to keep you out of trouble. They will think we were just burglars.”
Walking across to the living room for privacy the Captain removed his cell phone and entered Lonnie Joe’s phone number. Lonnie Joe answered on the third ring – “Papa John’s Pizza, may I help you?”
“Funny, LJ, funny, Papa John’s won’t even be invented for another twenty years”, the Captain replied, “What’s wrong LJ, can’t sleep?”
“You ever try to sleep in a cold, brightly lit, parking garage, sitting in a stolen car that looks like it belongs in ‘Mayberry’, with the entire Dallas, Texas police department looking for you. Oh, did I forget – and twenty years before you were even born.” Sarcastically he added, “Yeah, I can sleep just fine! Thanks for asking Captain. What’s up?”
“Glad to see you both are enjoying yourselves.” The Captain explained how he found Forrest and Olive Marie at the Murdock mansion, and how Anhur had shown up to help. He told Lonnie and Rocky to get some rest, he would be returning to the Ponderosa. The Captain ended his conversation saying if they did not meet at the Ponderosa they all would meet Saturday in the cow pasture northwest of Celina. “You both take care, and stay safe... good night.”
Ms. White turned to Forrest and asked, “What is that man doing?”
“I would tell you Ms White, but you would never believe me!”
“Try me, I’ve heard just about all of them.”
Without thinking, Forrest answered, “He’s talking on a portable, cordless telephone. We call it a ‘cell phone’.”
“Tele... telephone...?  That small gadget...? Forget what I said, I’m wrong, I haven’t heard it all!”
Walking back across the handsome, oak parqueted floor they turned toward Captain Scarburg as he approached the group. He remarked, “Ms. White, we will be leaving now, it has been a pleasure, oh, by the way, we cut the telephone lines in the basement. But if someone will just splice the wires back together, the phones should work fine again.”
Leaving Ms. White bound and gagged on the couch Captain Scarburg, Forrest and Olive Marie slipped down the stairs into the basement. The dead Secret Service agent remained where he fell in a pool of sticky, blood at the foot of the stairs; the other unconscious agent was still out cold and securely trussed hands and feet. Everything seemed in order except for one minor detail – Anhur was nowhere to be seen - Anhur was gone!!
Outside the three stood in the cold and snow as the Captain outlined their next moves. He began by telling Forrest and Olive Marie he had intended to return to the Ponderosa once he had found the two of them, but now he had second thoughts. Tomorrow was going to be one of the most significant days in the annals of the American historic experience.
“What I am about to say may sound cold, heartless and disrespectful, but I mean no disrespect to the Office of the President. Not many times since the formation of the United States in 1776 have there ever been an opportunity to witness such an event as will happen at Dealy Plaza tomorrow, and we are aware of it before it takes place. I think it would hinge on being criminal if I had the means and ability to allow you two to be present and become part of history and did not take advantage of it. I want you both to be personally at that terrible occurrence tomorrow. It will be graphic and upsetting. This is not a once in a lifetime experience this never gets to happen in anyone’s lifetime. The murder of our President will never occur again in the foreseeable future, and I will never forgive myself if I do not allow you to be there, regardless of its horrifying nature.” 
“Grandpa,” said Olive Marie, “what do you have in mind?”
“First, we will leave in your truck, head to the entrance of the driveway, and get my Jeep that I have hidden in the bushes and trees growing beside the entrance to the Murdock estate. It is out of sight, and I’m hoping the snow covered the tracks, so no one else found it.”
“I must say,” added Forrest, “I never envisioned we would get a chance to see the assassination.”
The Captain explained again about the famous Zapruder film that was taken by Abraham Zapruder, a clothing manufacturer with a sewing factory on the fourth and fifth floor of the Dal-Tel building. His address was 571 Elm Street, just across Houston Street to the east of the Texas State School Depository. He further said Mr. Zapruder had purchased his movie camera - a Bell & Howell eight-millimeter Zoomatic at the Peacock Jewelry Company just a few doors east up Elm Street at 879 Elm. The Captain said he wanted to stop at Peacocks and purchase an exact model of the Zapruder camera to film the entire motorcade precisely as Zapruder did. In fact, he did not tell Forrest or Olive Marie, but he had an idea. He was going to buy not one but two Bell & Howell movie cameras. 
There is a historical report, a single report buried deeply within the thousands of FBI and Congressional reports that a young person was seen standing close to Zapruder’s concrete pedestal. The report further states this man also filmed the President; however, no one has ever interviewed this young man, nor has the FBI ever identified him. After the event of November 22, 1963, he vanished to history.
The Captain wanted Forrest to do the honors and film the scene along with Zapruder. Would Forrest end up being the person seen in some of the pictures filmed by other witnesses that fateful day? Old photos of that scene today have been minutely examined using electronic microscopic imaging trying to identify this unknown person. Although, no one could recognize this person, anyone at SCAR would have easily identified him as... as... Forrest.
Later that day at 12:30 Forrest would become a part of American history.
Captain Scarburg further explained once they returned home they could compare the Zapruder film to the one Forrest was going to take.
Olive Marie did not realize it at the time, but she too was to become an icon of the Kennedy assassination  
The time was 4:00 a.m., Thursday, November 22, 1963.

Chapter Fifty-One
SUNRISE ON THIS INAUSPICIOUS DAY - THE EVENT

The snow showers of the previous night had given way to a drizzly, damp, overcast morning in Dallas. Although the rays of the morning sun were not apparent, the fading of the darkness in the parking garage has awakened LJ and Rocky.
The past few hours had been spent trying to get some sleep; however, all they could accomplish were brief moments of fitful sleep with hardly any rest whatsoever. They had already decided once they left the parking garage they would find a cafe, grab a bite of breakfast then drive the few blocks over to Dealy Plaza. They reasoned barricades would be blocking all the intersections of the motorcade route beginning roughly around 10:00 a.m., so they wanted to be parked and in the vicinity of the TSBD long before that time.
Another player in this day’s events, Mrs. Marie Tippit, wife of Patrolmen J. D. Tippit felt, for some reason, she should arise early and send her husband off to his job at the Dallas Police department with a hardy morning breakfast. This was unusual, normally Tippit had left the house before Marie awoke, but for some unknown reason, she sensed this day was going to be different. Maybe it was because her husband had awakened her when he got home the night before and told her and the children that he loved them. She thought that was strange. After breakfast, she kissed him goodbye, and J.D. left the house headed to police headquarters for his morning shift. Marie followed him out onto the porch watching as he walked down the sidewalk to his car. An impending feeling of doom crept over her. J.D. must have felt that foreboding feeling too - he opened his driver’s door and hesitating he looked back over the car’s roof at his wife and mouthed the words, “I love you.” She was seeing him alive for the last time.
On a morning to be remembered forever, the participants were going about their business as usual. Usual may not be quite accurate for later many would remark, for some unknown reason, the day “felt” different. When questioned to pinpoint the exact nature of this impression, none could precisely explain what the “perception” was. They only could say something was not right - the day just did not feel “normal.”
It had been snowing north of town most of the night and raining, off and on, elsewhere in Dallas. In Fort Worth, it had rained all night, and into the early morning of this fateful day the rain had changed to a drizzle, which had stopped. Now the brightness of the sun was slowly beginning to emerge off the distant eastern horizon. The rays were beginning to break through the overcast, and the early morning dampness was giving way to a bright and clear day. It appeared after all, the President would be able to ride down the streets of Dallas without the “bubble top” on his limousine and give the Texans the opportunity to show their love and respect for their President, John F. Kennedy. 
On Houston Street, just a rocks throw from the Texas School Book Depository, the morning shift police officers were attending the first roll call of the day at Police Headquarters. Some fifteen or so officers were told to report to the Dallas Trade Mart and secure the entire area. Sergeant Mike Hasty instructed the group of specially selected officers to be vigilant; the President of the United States will deliver a speech there at 12:45 p.m. and Sergeant Hasty did not want any trouble on his watch.
Lee Harvey Oswald did not return to his boarding house on the eve of the 21st of November, as was his usual routine. Normally Oswald stayed at the rooming house during the week and went to be with his family on the weekends. Bud and Lou had stayed up with Mrs. Rodgers watching television until she went to bed around 10:00 p.m. They both had studied the Kennedy assassination and knew Oswald would not return to the boarding house Thursday night. They were not concerned with Oswald on Thursday night, their purpose was to search Oswald’s room and see if they could determine if he possessed a .38 caliber revolver if so, it should have been hidden somewhere in his room. After getting off work the day before the assassination, they knew Oswald had asked a fellow worker if he would mind giving him a ride to the Oak Cliff area, a suburb of Dallas. His wife Marina and his daughters lived there in a house owned by the Oswald’s friend Ruth Paine. 
The following morning, Friday the 22nd, Oswald leaves Oak Cliff and rides into work with a neighbor, Brian Cleland, who would later testify to the Warren Commission Oswald got into his car with a long brown bag. Mr. Cleland said Oswald said the bag contained curtain rods for his room. Later, employees of the Book Depository will testify when he arrived they did not see Oswald bring a bag into the building.
After roll call at Police Headquarters, the patrolmen leave to begin their shift. Patrolmen J. D. Tippit is one of those officers. He is in patrol car Number Twenty-Five. 
Lou and Bud said goodbye to Mrs. Rodgers and left the boarding house. They had intended to leave earlier; however, Mrs. Rodgers insisted they join her for breakfast. She was such a lovely lady, how could they refuse. After their last cup of coffee, they left the house a few minutes after eight. Their intent was to get to Dealy Plaza, just a mere 2.6 miles away, and obtain an advantageous spot on the corner of Elm Street and Houston Street to observe Oswald when he leaves the Texas School Book Depository.
As Bud and Lou drove to the vicinity of Dealy Plaza, Lonnie Joe had left a large tip on one of the tables of the Silver Spur Cafe. He had been flirting with a cute, blonde waitress. He and Rocky had just finished breakfast and were preparing to make their way to rendezvous with Lou and Bud at Dealy Plaza. At the door, Lonnie Joe turned and looked back at the waitress. She smiled, turned her head slightly and winked. Darn, I would have to be from the year 2012. That is forty-nine years in the future – she’d have to be nearly seventy now. Oh, well, Lonnie Joe thought as he pushed the glass door open and stepped out into the cool, damp Dallas morning. Time-travel sure has some definite drawbacks, he thought.
It was a few minutes after eight a.m. The morning sun was just beginning to peep around a corner of one of the skyscrapers in downtown Fort Worth as President Kennedy walked out onto the sidewalk in front of the Texas Hotel. His destination was a large group of well-wishers gathered in a parking lot across the street - little does he realize this was to be the last sunrise he will ever witness. Later he will return to the Texas Hotel and give a breakfast speech to the Ft. Worth Chamber of Commerce. On the elevator to the Sam Houston banquet room, a Secret Service agent overhears the President say, under his breath, “I wish this were the last one of these things I ever had to attend.” ‘Be careful what you wish for, you might get it,’ isn’t that the saying? 
At about the same time the President was walking across the brick paved Main Street to the awaiting throng of well wishers, Richard Nixon on the other side of town boards United Airline flight 221 heading back to Washington, D.C.
It was almost eight-thirty as Bud and Lou drive the couple of miles back into downtown Dallas to the Steven Austin Hotel. They pull into the parking lot of this twelve-story hotel, find a spot close to Houston Street and sit back and wait for the arrival of Lonnie Joe and Rocky.

BELL & HOWELL

Fifteen minutes later Captain Scarburg, Olive Marie and Forrest arrive at Peacock Jewelry 879 Elm Street. The old warehouse built in 1908 had been converted into a luxurious, modern jewelry and quality merchandise shop. Entering the jewelry store a young salesman seeks them out. The Captain explains he is there to purchase a home movie camera. The salesman escort the three over to the electronics counter, which was filled with a number of home movie and single reflex cameras of every description and price range.
“What did you have in mind, Sir?” The clerk asked.
“Do you know Mr. Zapruder, the man who owns the clothing factory on the end of the block on Houston Street?”
“Oh, yes sir. He is one of our favorite customers.”
“I know he purchased a movie camera from you last week. If possible I would like to see one just like it,” the Captain said.
“Just a second sir and I will check our records... No, no... that will not be necessary”, said the clerk. “I remember it was a Bell & Howell, eight-millimeter, Director Series, Zoomatic with a leather carrying case. Funny thing... when he came into the store he wanted one of those cheap instant-photo type camera to film the Presidential parade.” 
“What happened?”
“We only keep one or two of those low-end type cameras in stock. I explained we mostly carry the high quality, top of the line cameras, and if he had arrived a couple of minutes earlier the store would have had one in stock. He was told we had sold the last instant camera just a few minutes before he walked in. I suggested he purchase a movie camera. I told him it was like first impressions; he would only get one opportunity to get a good picture of President John F. Kennedy, and suggested it was the perfect time to buy - the Bell & Howell was on sale.”
“And he obviously took you up on your suggestion?”
“Oh yes...” replied the clerk reaching into the display counter and removing the exact model Bell & Howell Mr. Zapruder had purchased a few days earlier. “Here it is – still on sale... just $89.99 plus $9.99 extra for the leather carrying case. You have a good eye sir; as I told Mr. Zapruder this is the top of the line home movie camera. I think you will be very pleased with it, and the total price is only $99.98. Shall I wrap it?”
“Doesn’t it include a roll of film?”
“Yes sir, it does. It comes with a roll of Kodak Kodachrome II film.”
“Perfect... perfect, the exact film Mr. Zapruder used? Then I will take two... no need to wrap them... we are going to film the presidential parade later on this morning also,” the Captain said handing the clerk two one hundred dollar bills (one hundred dollar bills issued in 1963) plus an extra twenty for a tip.
Walking from the jewelry store, the Captain smiled to himself. He couldn’t help but think how different history’s future portrayal of the JFK Assassination would be if Mr. Abraham Zapruder had arrived just five minutes earlier, and walked out with an instant snapshot camera instead of the top of the line movie camera.
Forty-five minutes after arriving Bud and Lou were joined in the Stephen Austin Hotel parking lot by Lonnie Joe and Rocky. The Stephen Austin is located one block south of Dealy Plaza on the east side of Houston Street. Lonnie Joe and Rocky parked alongside Bud and Lou. Lonnie Joe rolls down his driver window and inquires to their time of departure. Bud replies they would walk up to the Texas School Book Depository building around 11:30.
At other places in Dallas preparations are going smoothly for the forthcoming motorcade. All vehicular traffic to the area around Dealy Plaza is being blocked at all intersections by the Dallas police department just as Lonnie Joe and Rocky predicted.
The Secret Service is monitoring all activity; however, the Secret Service headquarters in Washington, D. C. just issued an urgent message stating there may be an attempt on the President’s life. The Secret Service in Dallas did not receive the warning message. However, the Washington office will later state they received a confirmation reply from Dallas confirming receipt of the warning. Who sent the Dallas reply, to this day no one knows. The original warning was sent at 10:35 a.m. and the confirmation reply was received at 10:38 a.m. in Washington. Strange! 
A few minutes before eleven o’clock, the presidential party walked out of the Texas Hotel, entered the waiting cars and began the motorcade to the enormous Carswell Air Force base. From Carswell to Love Field in Dallas was a flight of less than fifteen minutes. 
Less than thirty minutes from leaving the Texas Hotel, the President’s plane taxied toward its rendezvous with destiny. Lou, Bud, Lonnie Joe and Rocky were within easy walking distance to the Texas School Book Depository. 
As the President prepared to leave Fort Worth, the phone in Lou’s car rings. What do LJ and Rocky want now, he thought; however, he was in for a shock – it was not LJ or Rocky it was Captain Scarburg. “Where are you Captain...? We have been worried to death… You have Forrest and Olive Marie with you, right...? What...? You are where...? We thought you would be back to Celina by now... Okay... I see... please be careful.” Hanging up the phone, he turned and remarked to Bud, “You are not going to believe this... Captain Scarburg, Forrest and Olive Marie, are parked on the north side of the Dal-Tex Building on the corner of North Houston and Ross Avenue. They are just one block northeast of the Texas School Book building! They are just a couple of blocks from us right now.”
“What! What in the heck are they doing there? We thought they were on their way back to Celina.”
“Nope, the Captain said, ‘how many times do they get a chance to witness such a historic event.’ He wanted Forrest and Olive Marie to be present at Dealey Plaza at 12:30. It was to momentous an event for them to miss.”
The time was approaching 11:20 a.m. – Air Force One was sitting on the end of the runway, all four giant turbo-fan engines, strained awaited the pilot’s release of the brakes. It was ready to take off from Carswell Air Force Base on its way east to Love Field in Dallas.
The city of White Settlement was nestled on the west side of the gigantic Air Force base, home of Strategic Air Commands 9th Bombardment Wing and their giant B-52s - B-52s nicknamed the ‘Stratofortress.’ High on a slight ridge overlooking the Air Force base sits the White Settlement Middle School. From the schools large expanse of east facing windows, the students can look down the shallow valley onto the gigantic 12,000-foot runway. The school’s perch high above the black tarmac offers a perfect view of all the aircraft landings or takings off from Carswell. At that moment, Air Force One’s captain Colonel James Swindle released the brakes and the giant Boeing began to move, Mr. Waymon Washam asked his class of band students if they wanted to come over to the window and watch the president’s airplane take off. Of course, every student in the band room immediately slammed their musical instruments down and hurried to the window just as the Boeing 707 rolled down the tarmac and lifted into the air. How little did this small group of students comprehend they were eyewitnesses to history? It wasn’t a spectacular event, just a large airplane taking off, an occurrence the children had seen many times before, but those twelve year old, sixth grade students would be telling and retelling the story of watching this particular plane’s takeoff for the rest of their lives. 
At exactly eleven-thirty, Lonnie Joe and Rocky leave the parking lot and walk to the adjacent Houston Street. They turn right and walk through the assembling crowd and continue on toward the Texas School Book Depository. Once they arrive, they mingle with bystanders on the sidewalk in front of the building.
At Love Field in Dallas, the Presidential plane arrived from Ft. Worth. On the ground, to greet President and Mrs. Kennedy were Vice President and Mrs. Johnson. 
Bud and Lou followed Lonnie Joe and Rocky from the parking lot of the Stephen Austin hotel and walked nonchalantly into Dealy Plaza. Bud and Lou were amazed… this scene was real, whereas before they had only seen it in pictures. Lou gawked at the open windows in the Texas School Book Depository trying to see if there were anyone in the sixth floor snipers window, inadvertently he ran into a woman standing on the sidewalk. “Sorry,” says Lou and continues walking. He will later say he did see anyone at the window, but there appeared to be a shadowy figure in one of the other windows, in particular the window at the very end closest to the Grassy Knoll.
Captain Scarburg, Forrest and Olive Marie, walked from the parking lot on the north side of the Dal-Tex building where they had been sitting waiting for the past couple of hours. They walk directly in front of the TSBD on their way to an area of the concrete pedestal where Abraham Zapruder will film the assassination. Walking past the Book Depository, the Captain could not restrain himself from the urge to look up! Yes, there in the end window on the 6th floor he saw a figure. Was that Oswald? This man had on a sports coat – he knew from all the history books and from photos of the arrest Lee Harvey Oswald did not wear a sports jacket. Who was this man? Down the street they found a seat on a concrete bench in front of the pagoda, just left of the grassy knoll. Captain Scarburg is well aware from his previous visit that a shot comes from that area. He did not want Olive Marie to be in the direct line of fire of the assassin in the wooden area; however, at this location they should still be within twenty feet of the limousine as the first shot is fired. As they sat on the bench, the Captain loaded the Kodachrome eight-millimeter film into both Bell & Howell cameras. Snapping the film doors shut, he handed one camera to Forrest, “When we see the motorcade approaching Elm from Houston, I want you to step over beside that concrete pedestal”, Grandpa Scarburg said pointing to the large concrete platform, “and film the motorcade as it turns and proceeds down Elm. You will be standing directly at the feet of Abraham Zapruder. He will be standing on the pedestal filming also. Forrest, make sure to lock the filming switch, I want to make sure there is no interruption in the short section of the Presidential parade from Houston to the triple-overpasses. The Zapruder film only lasted 26.6 seconds. Another thing Forrest, I must emphasis as the President’s car gets immediately to your front the fatal shot will be fired, please do not look up from the camera, keep filming, it is extremely important.”
“Grandpa, what do you want me to do?” Questioned Olive Marie.
“Don’t worry Hon, I have a noteworthy job for you. A job, which will make you remembered forever. When Forrest moves to the pedestal to begin filming I want you to take this other camera, walk directly across Elm and position yourself on the curb so you can see the President as his car comes by. Take this red scarf and tie it around your head. We want to get the fatal shot to President Kennedy from the opposite side of the street from Mr. Zapruder. You will be photographed in many photos, but we do not want you to be later identified. As you know we do not exist in 1963 Dallas!!”
It is now fifteen minutes before twelve o’clock; President Kennedy and Jackie walk down the fence at Love Field shaking hands with well wishes before beginning their parade into downtown Dallas in route to the luncheon date at the Dallas Trade Mart. In ten minutes, they will leave Love Field and begin the motorcade.
Creeping along at a mere ten to twelve miles per hour the police report the crowds were large but nothing seemed out of the ordinary.
At a quarter after twelve, Mrs. Beverly Maxwell, secretary to the president of the Book Depository, later testified she saw Lee Harvey Oswald eating lunch in the second floor cafeteria. Later she recants, and states she only caught a glimpse of him in the hallway. John Powell, along with approximately four other inmates on the sixth floor of the Dallas City Jail saw two men on the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository fiddling with the telescope of a rifle. He assumed they were Secret Service. Mrs. Carolyn Waters stated she also saw two men with rifles, but she thought they were guards. One of the men, she said, wore a brown sports jacket. Ruby Hendrix saw two men also, one had dark hair and the second had a much darker skin color than the other. Asked if she though he was black she answered no, he looked more like a Mexican, (or possibly Cuban?). Arnold Rowdy and his wife also saw a man with a rifle in the window of the sixth floor; however, this man was not at the now famous ‘sniper’s window’ but farther down at the western most corner window of the building. They thought he must have been a Secret Service agent.
If Mrs. Beverly Maxwell were correct in seeing Lee Harvey Oswald in the lunchroom at 12:15, then none of the men with rifles could have been Oswald. If Oswald fired from the right-hand 6th floor window, obviously, the man Mr. Rowdy and his wife saw in the opposite end of the building could not have been Oswald either.
Eight minutes before the first assassins shot, Ray Williamson, an employee of TSBD left the sixth floor, after eating his lunch. He stated the sixth floor was vacant when he left to go downstairs. The Warren Commission determined Oswald was in his ‘sniper’s nest’ from 11:55 until 12:30. If Mr. Williamson were correct, Oswald had only eight minutes (from 12:22 to 12:30) to move twenty plus boxes, each weighing approximately fifty pounds. Some were stacked three high, to form his ‘sniper’s nest’. Additionally he had to assemble his Carcano rifle, with no tools. The Warren Commission stated it would take six minutes to assemble the Italian Carcano task using a dime as a screwdriver. The moving of boxes to construct the ‘sniper’s nest’ later revealed only one partial palm print from Lee Harvey Oswald. The Warren Commission will not call Ray Williamson to testify. No gloves were found at or near the ‘sniper’s nest’, and none were ever found neither on Oswald’s person nor in his boarding house room.
Six minutes until the assassination Beverly Maxwell, whom earlier thought she saw Oswald in the lunchroom, saw him standing by the front door of the TSBD.
Five minutes to go. One of the Dallas Police policemen in the follow-up vehicle at the back of motorcade reports to Police Dispatch, “All is okay”.
The Presidential motorcade, traveling west, made a right turn from Main Street heading north on Houston Street. The seven storied, red brick, Texas School Book Depository is in an unobstructed, clear view to the motorcade’s immediate left front. If an assassin wanted a perfect shot from the School Book building now would be the time – a head-on shot, to a sniper, would appear as if the President limousine had stopped. 
Two minutes until the first shot was fired. One of the police radios relayed the information back to Headquarters, “Large crowd.”
One minute before the black limousine reached the kill zone, all Dallas police radios go dead for four minutes. Later research will theorize someone had a microphone stuck open, which caused the blackout; however, the guilty ‘policeman’ was never identified. Recent analyses indicate the cause of the trouble possibly came from the Trade Mart area. On the day of the event, channel one was used for normal Dallas Police communication, channel two was reserved for communication with the Presidential motorcade. It was channel two that was affected. Was that a stuck switch on a police radio or did some unknown person or persons intentionally block the police radio band frequency, or jam, as the black ops people like to call it.
Vice President Lyndon Johnson languished in the Cadillac convertible two cars behind President Kennedy, along with his wife Lady Bird Johnson and Senator Ralph Yarborough. Johnson paid little attention to the screaming, jubilant crowd along the parade route. He acted as though his thoughts were elsewhere. Little did he realize in less than sixty seconds he would become the 36th President of the United States? Or was he actually envisioning the certainty of the moment, and the thought of how his life was to about to change weighed heavily on his mind? 
All electrical power and telephone service to the Texas School Book Depository suddenly went dead. The Dallas Police, the FBI, the Secret Service nor later the Warren Commission would question this outage. Roy Trudy, the building manager was never asked the reason for this interruption of services. Mysteriously, the power and phone service was restored a few minutes after the assassination.
Nellie Connally, Gov. Connally’s wife turning to the President states, “Mr. President, you can’t say Dallas doesn’t love you.” Little did she conceive she would be the last person ever to speak to John Fitzgerald Kennedy, the 35th President of the United States?
Thirty seconds to go - the motorcade turned left from Houston Street onto Elm. Immediate to the right of the President’s limousine, on the corner of Houston and Elm, was the Texas School Book Depository. Bud stood on the steps of the School Book building and glanced at his watch to verify the exact time: 12:29 p.m. 
Abraham Zapruder and his secretary Marilyn Sitzman, climb up on the concrete abutment on the western end of the pagoda, and began to film the motorcade with his Bell & Howell camera. He was filming the President as the limousine moved along Elm Street headed toward the triple overpass. His vantage point was almost in front of the grassy knoll and slightly to the left. Miss Sitzman stood behind Mr. Zapruder watched the Presidential motorcade proceed along Elm Street, and at the same time maintained a firm hold on Mr. Zapruder’s coat to keep him from losing his balance as he filmed his soon-to-be famous 484 frames of history.
The motorcade’s lead car was almost beneath the overpass, Dallas Police Chief Curry, driving the unmarked, white, 1962, Ford lead car, radioed he had just reached the Stemmons freeway overpass, “Five more minutes and we’ll have him there.” One of the deputies called on the two-way to the Trade Mart, issuing the five-minute warning for the arrival of the President.
A few seconds later, the Dallas police dispatcher announced the time: “12:30 p.m.”
A man standing to the left of the Stemmons Freeway exit sign, which is positioned on the north side of Elm Street, opened a black umbrella, held it above his head, and opened and shut it as the limousine passed his location. He was wearing a tan overcoat with dark sunglasses covering his massive black almond shaped eyes. Around his neck was a brilliant silver medallion. Was it possible the distraction of the umbrella caught the eye of the President and he turned his head toward the man?
The time was 12:30:18, November 22, 1963.

12:30:20 P.M. - THE EVENT!!

JFK brought his hands up and clutched his neck. This was at approximately frame 200 on the Zapruder film.
James Teague was standing near the triple overpass in Dealey Plaza, on the west side of Commerce. He was approximately 430 feet from the TSBD or 260 feet from President Kennedy. Researchers since have drawn diagrams, which plotted the impact of a bullet striking the curb, on a straight line back through President Kennedy to a window on the fifth floor on the western end of the TSBD building. If a straight line were drawn from the eastern end sixth floor of the TSBD to Kennedy’s limo, it would miss the spot where the bullet struck the curb by almost twenty feet!
Motorcycle policeman Marlon Baker glanced up, saw pigeons fluttering from the TSBD roof. His thoughts are the shots have come from either the TSBD or the Dal-Tex building across the street on Houston. He jumped from his black and white Harley; gun in hand, madly rushing towards the TSBD building.
Will Lowry, stood on the entrance steps to the TSBD, thinking the gunshots have come from “over there on the other side of that concrete little deal on that grassy knoll.” He will later talk to the FBI and say he did not “ever believe the shots had come from the direction of the Texas School Book Depository.”
Margaret Brown was standing to the left front of the knoll toward the Texas School Book Depository. Her statement to the FBI indicated she did not think the shots came from the Book Depository, but she said she thought the sound of the rifle shot came from behind and to her right. That would be the area of the grassy knoll.
John Robert Warren, Jr. believed he saw about twelve inches of a rifle sticking out from a Book Depository window, and is adamant he heard a total of four shots fired.
Alice Landry was standing to the left front of the Grassy Knoll and next to Margaret Brown. Ms. Landry agreed with Ms. Brown and thought the shots came from behind and to her right.
Billy Newsome and his wife Nancy found a spot to see the President that put them between the President and the Grassy Knoll. Both say they heard shots being fired from behind them on the Grassy Knoll. 
Mr. and Mrs. Courtney McCay and their four-year-old son Bobby were standing in front of the Grassy Knoll near the Stemmons Freeway sign. Mr. McCay and his wife turn around. They wanted to see where the shots were coming from, believing the sound of the shots came from somewhere on the grassy knoll.
In her open convertible, three vehicles behind the President, Mrs. Earle Cabell detected a slight hint of the unmistakable odor of gunpowder in the air. Congressmen Ray Roberts, in the same convertible as Mrs. Cabell later stated he smelled gunpowder also. Senator Ralph Yarborough, riding in the Vice President’s limo, two cars behind the President, also smelled gunpowder. He will later say, “I have used firearms for fifty years and am very familiar with guns while our vehicle was sitting still in the street I smelled gunpowder. I have always thought it was strange to smell gunpowder at street level from a rifle fired from the 6th floor of a building.”
FBI Special Agent William A. McKinley later states to the Warren Commission, “The Presidential vehicle was on Elm Street almost to the overpass when the first shot was fired, followed in quick succession by two additional shots. I would estimate the three shots were all fired within four to six seconds. I heard the second shot, and immediately looked toward the President’s car. I saw him the instant his head exploded when it was struck by the third shot.”
Secret Service Agent Clint Hill was riding in the follow-up car directly behind the President’s limousine said, “I heard a noise from my right rear, I jumped from the follow-up car and ran toward the Presidential automobile. I jumped onto the Presidential automobile.” Questioned by the Warren Commission: “Where you wounded or hit by a bullet at this time.” Answer: “No, I was not wounded or hit by anything.”
In the next few moments, with everyone scampering to and fro, many even lying down on the grass, the man now identified as the “Umbrella Man” unconcerned walked over and sat down on the park bench next to an older man. The silver medallion hanging around his neck was quite obvious. As the “Umbrella Man” sat down a young man with a Bell & Howell movie camera moves from the concrete pedestal and rejoins the group on the bench. A young woman also clutching a Bell & Howell movie camera was already sitting with an older man on the concrete bench. All four were sitting in front of the memorial pagoda next to Elm Street. Margaret Brown and Alice Landry stood just a few steps to their front and a bit to their right.
The older gentleman wore an old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat. Several photographs taken at the time show the man with the cowboy hat talking into a two-way radio. Jim Towler snapped a photograph showing the man on the park bench with a portable radio - or something that looked like a small radio device. It could be seen while his hands hold the object close to his face. A few moments later, all four persons got up, and casually walked away - the man with the cowboy hat, along with his two companions, headed back toward the Texas School Book Depository, the “Umbrella Man”, with his beautiful silver medallion, was not seen again, he disappeared into the crowd and was not captured on any film afterwards. The FBI never interviewed him, nor did he ever come forward to offer his testimony on the events of the day. To this day he has not been identified in any of the official reports.
The three people sitting on the bench were, of course, Captain Scarburg, Forrest and Olive Marie. The ‘Umbrella Man’ was none other than Anhur. The Captain calls LJ telling him the President has not been wounded! He said to Lonnie Joe: “LJ I was not more than fifteen feet from the President’s car. The entire side and rear of the president’s head just exploded, I actually saw brain matter protruding from the wound!! LJ, there is no way for the President to survive this. I thought in this Parallel Universe the president was going to survive, but some other event must have put Earth on this course; it certainly was not the shooting of the president!! You all have to watch Oswald and see what he does. In this 1963 Universe, we are currently in, events might, and probably has, occurred differently from the events we know to be true in our history back in 2012... be careful, be real careful, something is wrong! When I came the first time President Kennedy survived his assassination attempt and my job was to insure he did not survive – this time he is being killed!”
James W. Altgens, a photographer taking pictures, across the street from the ‘Umbrella Man’, on the south side of Elm will later recall, “I could see pieces of his head fly off and land right at my feet. The sound was like an explosion when the bullet hit his head. His skull just exploded with bone and flesh flying everywhere...”
Another witness Alan Smith, “I would say the President’s limousine was ten to fifteen feet from me when a bullet hit the President. I would say in the forehead, the car went another five feet and stopped dead still.”
James Brown was also standing on the south side of Elm Street and behind and to the left of the limousine during the fatal headshot. Brown witnessed a piece of JFK’s skull flying backward and to the left of the car. In an interview with some newsmen later that day he said, “The shots seem to come from in front or beside the President.”

LEE HARVEY OSWALD AFTER SHOOTING

Dashing into the School Book Depository Building, within ninety seconds of the last shot, Officer Marlon Baker and building manager Roy Trudy began a sweep of the building. Mr. Trudy identified Oswald as an employee of the TSBD. He is on the second floor at the lunchroom. Oswald leaves the lunchroom walks to the second floor stairway and goes down to the first floor of the building. He was getting ready to leave the TSBD through the main entrance, all before the police have time to seal off the building.
Officer Baker and Mr. Trudy go from the second floor lunchroom to the fifth floor. The electricity and telephone service had been restored. The elevator comes down from the fifth floor to the first. Officer Baker took a staircase up to the roof from the seventh floor. He checked the roof including the Hertz advertising sign. He found no one on the roof. Close to the west wall he picked up a spent 30-06 shell casing. He noticed after examining the shell that it had been recently fired.
Dallas Police Officer Joe Marshall Smith pulled his pistol from its holster and checks out the parking lot directly on the north side of the fence behind the grassy knoll. Prior to the first shot Officer Smith was on foot patrol duty stationed on the corner of Houston Street and Elm. His duty was to stop all vehicles heading west toward the triple overpass. After the shots had been fired, he noticed people lying on the ground and running up what has become known as the Grassy Knoll. One woman says she heard gunfire coming from the bushes. Officer Smith began a thorough search of the bushes but saw no one. He caught a strong odor of gunpowder and stopped a man who seemed to be hurrying away from the area of the stockade fence. He testified to the Warren Commission that he checked the inside of the cars in the parking lot behind the Texas School Book Depository. Most were locked he said, but he did not check the trunks. Officer Smith questioned one man in the vicinity of the wooden fence who stated he was Secret Service. The man goes so far as to produce credentials, which resembled the ones the Secret Service carry. Office Smith allowed him to continue, it was only later discovered there were no Secret Service on the ground around Dealy Plaza. All Secret Service men were riding in the motorcade, and they all traveled with the wounded President to Parkland Hospital.
Sergeant D. V. Hardley was assigned as supervisor over the patrol officers between Main Street and Field Street along the parade route to Main and Houston Street. His testimony stated the motorcade had turned the corner at Elm and Houston, and he began walking west on Main toward the triple overpass when he heard the first shot. He immediately returned to his motorcycle and drove around the east side of the TSBD where he ran into some men who said they were Secret Service agents.
“Did they identify themselves?”
“You mean with badges? No, they just said they were agents, but I had no reason to doubt their identity and continued my search.” Believing the shots came from the roof of the School Book building Sergeant Hardley positioned himself to guard anyone coming down the fire escape. No one did. After a few minutes, he returned to the front of the building to guard the main entrance door.
It is known at least twenty-nine Secret Service agents were in Dallas this horrific day; however, it is also known not a single one of them was ever near the area identified as the ‘Grassy Knoll’ or in the parking area behind the Texas School Book Depository. The Secret Service stated unequivocally: there were no agents on foot in the vicinity of Dealy Plaza before or immediately after the shooting.
Three minutes after the shooting Oswald left the lunchroom on the second floor and headed for the main entrance. Oswald will later testify he ran into two Secret Service agents in front of the Book Depository. The agents ask the location of the nearest telephone. The men Oswald meet leaving the Texas School Book Depository are not Secret Service agents! In fact, the Secret Service will say they had no men on the ground, in or around Dealy Plaza prior to or after the assassination.
Oswald will never be asked which exit he used or whether he had seen another policeman stationed at the door, and if so, did the officers try to stop him from leaving or did they attempt to check his identification to determine whom he was?
Lonnie Joe and Rocky pretended to use the phone then made their way to the hallway outside the lunchroom where Rocky leaned against the wall next to Mr. Roy Trudy’s office. Lou and Bud mingled with the parade crowd outside on the steps leading into the building.
Deputy Sheriff Roger D. Craig was standing outside the Sheriff’s Office at the corner of Houston and Main waiting to the see the parade. He had not been assigned any official Presidential motorcade responsibilities; he just wanted to see the President. A few seconds after the motorcade turned from Houston onto Elm he heard a shot ring out. Being an army veteran he immediately recognized it as a shot from a high-powered rifle. Springing into action as a Deputy Sheriff instead of a private citizen watching a parade he bolted across Houston and swiftly crossed the grass of Dealy Plaza and arrived at the Grassy Knoll. He encountered a man, the man’s wife and their son. They were the Rowlands. Deputy Craig asked Mr. and Mrs. Rowland to tell him what they had witnessed. Mrs. Barbara Rowland, looked down at her son Arnold, she asked him to tell the Deputy what he had just seen. Arnold said he had observed two men, one with a rifle with a telescope on the 6th floor of the Texas School Book Depository building. On further questioning, Officer Craig determined the window where the boy saw the two men. The window was on the SOUTHWEST corner of the TSBD building. Oswald supposedly fired from the SOUTHEAST corner window, on the far end of that building. Arnold Rowland further explained he saw the two men at least fifteen minutes before the motorcade arrived on Elm Street. A couple of minutes before the President arrived he glanced back up to the window, and only one man was seen, the other was gone! Officer Craig turned the trio over to Deputy Sheriff Lemmy Lewis the Criminal Investigator for the Sheriff’s department.
Deputy Craig testified at the time he released the witnesses to Deputy Lewis about ten minutes had gone by since the sound of the first gunshot. It was at this time he noticed Deputy Sheriff Buddy Walthers searching the curb on the south side of Main Street. Officer Craig crossed Elm and inquired as to the purpose of the search. Officer Walthers said it had been reported to him someone had found a spot on the curb where a bullet appeared to have ricocheted. Craig began to assist Walthers in the search. As they were walking the curb looking for evidence, Deputy Craig heard a shrill whistle coming from the western end of the TSBD building. Looking over in that direction, he saw a man running around the corner of the building toward a Nash station wagon with a luggage rack on the rear of the top. The Nash was traveling west on Elm at a slow rate of speed. The driver was leaning over to his right as if he were searching for someone. The running man jumped into the station wagon, and it sped off in the direction of the triple overpass. He thought the make and color of the station wagon was a light tan or white Nash Rambler. When questioned as to the running mans description Deputy Craig testified, “Oh, he was a white male of middle age or older, at least six feet or taller, something like that; about 180 to 200 pounds; he had medium brown hair; you know like it had not been combed - you know like he had been in the wind or something - it was all wild looking; had on... a tan overcoat...,” he said the driver had short black hair, but couldn’t remember any more about him. 
“Had you ever seen either of these two men before?”
“No, but I didn’t get a decent look at the driver.”
“Did you have an opportunity to see either later?”
“Yes, around 5:30 I went to Captain Fritz at the Sheriff’s office and told him what I had seen. He carried me into a small office with Oswald sitting in a chair beside the desk.”
“Do you recognize this man?”
“Yes,” said Deputy Craig, “this is the man I saw running around the building and jumping into the station wagon.” He was never questioned as to the discrepancy between seeing the six feet tall “Oswald” running from the building to the real Oswald’s 5’9” size.
Deputy Sheriff Craig testified to the Warren Commission, “about ten minutes” had passed from the first shot to his interview with the Rowland family. Mr. Belin, the Commission attorney asked, “This would put the time at 12:40 p.m. when you walked across Elm Street to examine the bullet’s ricochet mark on the Main Street’s south curb and the time you heard the whistle?” Mr. Belin, asked what he did next, and Craig answered about moving to the front of the TSBD building and guarded the front door. He said he was not to let anyone in or out unless approved by the Captain in charge. “From the time of the first shot until you took up your post in front of the Texas School Book building how much time had passed?
Craig answered, for the record, “I’d say nearly 20 minutes.” 
Sometime around the 30th of November the mother of one of the girls that work at Abraham Zapruder’s dress factory in the Dal-Tex building, across from the Texas School Book building, told an FBI interviewer her daughter and some of the girls at the factory knew Lee Harvey Oswald. They also knew Jack Ruby. She said her daughter and a few of the other girls saw Oswald come out of the TSBD and meet Jack Ruby. They said Ruby passed a gun to Oswald. Her daughter or the other girls have never substantiated this. Two glaring problems exist with this woman’s statement: if Ruby passed a gun to Oswald it would not have been so apparent and besides Rocky Jolliet was following Oswald out of the building as he walked east to the bus stop on Elm. Rocky never saw Oswald stop and talk to anyone
Lee Harvey Oswald unhurriedly pushes his way through the throng of onlookers and walked down the seven concrete steps of the Texas School Book building onto the crowded sidewalk adjacent to the corner of Houston and Elm Street. He appeared to be looking around for something - first he looked back west toward the spot where the President had just been assassinated. Next he glanced down Houston and immediately turned to his left and strolls, again unhurriedly, across Houston and proceeded east down the north side of Elm.
Lonnie Joe and Rocky met at the corner and decided Rocky would follow Oswald on foot and Lonnie Joe would hurry back to the parking lot at the Stephen Austin hotel, get their car and drive east on Wood Street to Lamar Street, a left turn north and he would be at the Greyhound bus station and in position to wait for Oswald to walk down Lamar. 
Rocky said, “I’m going to follow Oswald to the corner of Lamar and Elm and stop. I can watch him get on the bus at St. Paul from there. That should give me enough distance that he will not observe I am following him. We know after he gets on the bus he will ride from St. Paul up to Lamar and get off and walk the two blocks south to the Greyhound bus station. While the bus is traveling west from St. Paul to Lamar, I will quickly walk south down Lamar and meet you. I will walk on the east side of Lamar since Mr. Watley’s Checker cab will be parked in Stand Number Three on the west side of Lamar a few feet past the entrance to the bus station.”
“Sounds good Rocky, I will position the car on the northeast corner of Jackson and Lamar. From there, we should have a perfect view of Mr. Watley’s cab and Oswald when he arrives.”   
At about this time, the interference on the police radio stops. It has been determined the microphone has been “stuck” open for a total of four minutes; however, a strange occurrence was reported by several policemen on duty in the Police Dispatch room about an electronic beeping that those who understood Morse code said spelled out the word “Victory.” This has never been ‘officially’ proven, only the words of the officers present are to be believed.
Another peculiar, inexplicable occurrence takes place. The telephone system in Washington, D. C. goes out. In some areas, it is off for upwards of an hour. 
Back in Dallas at Love Field, Master Sergeant Jonathon Medlock, Chief Steward on Air Force one was idling the time away until the presidential party arrives for the return trip to Washington listening to the Secret Service radio frequency. He heard one of the agents saying, “The President has been shot!! It is terrible; I believe it could be fatal. The President needs medical attention immediately. We have to — ” before Sergeant Rhodes could hear more details for some inexplicable reason the radio chatter turned into static. The first thing Sergeant Rhodes though was jamming. During the Korean War, he had served as a radio operator and recognized radio-jamming techniques. Nah, he thought, why would someone want to jam Air Force One? A few seconds later he tuned on one of the televisions aboard the Presidential plane and heard the painful news the President had been shot, this tragic information was relayed to the pilot Colonel Swindle and his co-pilot Lieutenant Colonel Lewis Hammonds. 
On November 22, at 12:36 p.m., Mr. John McWatters driving the Marsalis-Ramona-Elwood-Munger bus, known as the Marsalis 1213 run, left the intersection of St. Paul and Elm, going west on Elm Street - bound for Oak Cliff (Oswald’s rooming house was located at 1026 North Beckley Avenue in Oak Cliff). The Dallas Transit Company dispatcher verified the departure time of Mr. McWatters bus. It had arrived and departed on schedule from St. Paul and Elm. Heading west on Elm, he stopped at Griffin Street, he said during testimony with the Warren Commission, “I come to a complete stop, and when I did, someone come up and beat on the door of the bus. My bus was about even with Griffin Street; I was between Field Street and Griffin. This was the time Oswald boards the bus at a point on Elm St. seven short blocks east of the TSBD. The bus is traveling west toward Dealy Plaza, the area from which Oswald has just come. To do this, Oswald has had to walk, at a brisk pace, seven blocks from Dealey Plaza. The man got on the bus, fumbled around in his pocket and found 23-cent for the fare, and “he took the third chair back on the right.” Mary Bledsoe, sitting across from McWatters, in the side seat, would later identify the later arrival as Lee Harvey Oswald saying she knew him because he had previously been a former tenant of hers.
The Warren Commission attorney asks, “Did he see you?”
“No.”
“Did you look at this man very long?”
“I didn’t look at him at all, I only glanced at him as he walked on the bus.”
“After he took a seat did you have an occasion to look at him?”
“No, as I said, I did not want to see him.”
“Why?”
“I just didn’t like him.”
“He only stayed at your house five days, is this right?”
“Uh-huh.”
“Did he say or do something to make you mad at him?”
“No, I just didn’t like his looks.”
The Warren Commissions only witness for substantiating Oswald’s presence on the bus was Mary Bledsoe, an elderly widow who lives at 621 North Marsalis Street (Mrs. Bledsoe first met Lee Harvey Oswald in early October 1963 when he had rented a room in her house. He stayed there for less than a week. This is the first time she has supposedly seen him since then.)
Her account, however, differed from two other witnesses on the bus: the bus driver, Cecil J. McWatters and Milton Jones (a part-time student attending the morning classes at Dallas Technical High School) who was sitting near the front of the bus. McWatters and Jones agree the man who boards the bus was wearing a jacket. Mrs. Bledsoe testifies the man she saw, Oswald is in shirtsleeves, and he boarded the bus taking a seat near the front of the bus -- immediately behind Jones. Mr. McWatters said the man sat in the back of the bus. The Commission accepts Mrs. Bledsoe’s testimony over McWatters and Jones.
The bus was headed west toward Dealey Plaza; it ran into a bumper-to-bumper traffic jam, bringing all traffic to a stop. Mr. McWatters testified to the Warren Commission attorney, Mr. Ball, that once the bus had become entangled in traffic a woman asked if she could get off because she had to catch a train at Union Station, four blocks south of Dealy Plaza on Houston Street. She asked, and received a transfer ticket, telling the driver she would reboard the bus if he were able to proceed through the traffic tie-up. Mr. McWatters further testified another man said he was getting off the bus also, and he wanted a transfer. The driver thought this strange since he had only got on the bus two blocks earlier.
“This all occurred at the intersection near Lamar Street? Lamar is only three blocks from the corner of Houston and Elm?”
“That is correct,” answered Mr. McWatters.
“Did you later go to police headquarters and witness a lineup?”
“Yes.”
“Did you identify Lee Harvey Oswald?”
“No, I identified one of the men in the lineup that was of the same build as the man who got on my bus between Griffin and Field Street, but I never said he was Oswald.”
“Did you know if the man you identified in the lineup was Oswald, the man who boarded your bus?”
“No sir, I was never told whether it was him or not.”
“Okay, let me get this straight – later that afternoon Mr. McWatters you were taken to the Dallas Police headquarters and shown a lineup. Lee Harvey Oswald was in the group of four men. You were asked if any of the four men was the man who boarded your bus at Griffin Street, received a transfer ticket and got off at Lamar Street.” Mr. Ball, attorney for the Warren Commission asked. “Anyway, you were not able to identify any man in the lineup as the passenger?”
The bus driver Mr. McWatters answered, “No sir.”
Two blocks to the west Rocky Jolliet, walking as fast as humanly possible south on Lamar, had beaten Oswald to the Greyhound Bus Station and was now, breathing hard but resting comfortably in the car with Lonnie Joe was awaiting Oswald’s arrival across the street at the taxi stand.
After leaving McWatters bus, the official story, as now taken as fact, states Oswald walked two blocks south to the Greyhound bus station at the corner of Lamar and Commerce Street. He walks up to a cab and says to William Whaley, the cab driver, “May I have this cab?” 
“You sure can, get in.” 
Instead of opening the rear passenger door, the man opens the front passenger door and gets in next to the driver. Mr. Whatley explains this is done frequently and is okay with his company.
It is approximately twenty minutes before one o’clock; records of The Warren Commission establish Lee Harvey Oswald obtained a ride from a taxicab parked in front of the Greyhound bus station. Proof of this taxicab ride was provided by the driver’s taxi log for Friday the 22nd, which showed a trip for a single passenger from the Greyhound Bus Station to the 500 Block of North Beckley.
Mr. Whatley’s records showed the taxi ride lasted from 12:30 p.m. to 12:45 p.m. If the times he recorded were correct, it would mean Oswald boarded the cab at the exact time an assassin shot JFK from the window of the Texas School Book depository about seven blocks away. Obviously, the assassin could not have been Oswald.
The Warren Commission explained this apparent inconsistency by saying the taxi driver recorded his trips by quarter-hour intervals regardless of their actual length. Using the same log the Commission could have proven Mr. Whatley may have been logging actual trip data. A look at his entire log show he had pickups and discharges at 7:40, 8:10, 9:25, 11:05 and 11:35. Further, Whatley testified just as he shifted his taxi into low gear to leave the bus station, an elderly woman approached his driver side window and asked Mr. Whatley if he would get her a cab. Whatley’s passenger, presumably Lee Harvey Oswald, opens the cab door and tells the lady, “I am in no hurry, you can have my cab.” The lady says she appreciated the gesture, but the driver could call another cab for her.
Does anyone else seem to think it strange the passenger’s behavior in this instance was peculiar? Especially since this man has just assassinated the President of the United States and was attempting to flee the scene of the crime? This all seems farfetched; however, the Warren Commission would eventually conclude Oswald, was without a doubt, the passenger Mr. Whatley drove from the Greyhound Bus Station to North Beckley at a couple of minutes past 12:30 the afternoon of November the 22nd. To come to this conclusion, the Warren Commission would rely solely on the testimony of the taxi driver Mr. Whatley. 
Ten minutes after the Presidential shooting, the staff at the Parkland Hospital emergency room was prepared to receive John Kennedy, case ‘24740, white male, suffering from gunshot wounds to the back and neck.’
It was long until the mortally wounded President Kennedy was wheeled into the emergency room at Parkland Hospital. A couple of minutes later, Secret Service Agent Clint Hill, the agent who had earlier been spread eagled on the rear of the Presidential limousine, was now walking around the emergency room in a wild-eyed, disoriented fashion, waving his .38 caliber service revolver over his head threatening to shoot someone. Robbie Newman the head nurse in the trauma room spoke to Hill and tried to calm him down, “I can tell you agent, whoever shot the President is not in this emergency room. That I can assure you.” Hill huffed, stared at her and attempted to say something, but thought better of it and leaves.
Police broadcast over the police airwaves a description of the suspect in the President Kennedy assassination. The description was for, “a white male, age approximately thirty to thirty-five, slim build, height around five feet ten inches, weight estimated to be around one hundred sixty-five pounds possibly armed and dangerous.” The time of broadcast: 12:45 p.m.
About this same time, J.D. Tippit was reportedly seen sitting in his police car at a Good Luck Oil Company (Gloco) gas station in Oak Cliff. 
Transcripts of the Dictaphone belts of the Dallas police dispatcher indicated Officer J.D. Tippit was instructed to go to the central Oak Cliff area, and was to remain on the alert for any emergency. Oak Cliff was about four miles southwest from Dealey Plaza.
Records indicated a man by the name of Eugene Brodley was arrested a couple of minutes after the shooting in the Dal-Tex Building. The Dal-Tex Building was on the east of Houston just across the street from the TSBD on the corner of Houston and Elm. This was the same building where Abraham Zapruder had his dress factory. Police say Brodley was acting suspiciously (in what way was never disclosed) but after questioning he was released after he used a fictitious name (James Braden), and convinces the FBI, Secret Service and Dallas Police he was only making a phone call. (It was later learned Brodley spent the night of the 21st of November at the sleazy Little Havana Motel in Dallas. This, in and of itself, would not seem significant; however, Joe Camponella, who had strong ties with Carlos Mancini, owns the Little Havana. Carlos Mancini, as we know, was sitting in the Carousel Club on November the 21st talking with Jack Ruby. If Carlos Mancini had possible links to the Cosa Nostra, it is highly probable Brodley did too. Did Brodley actually direct the assassination?
An interesting report by a witness Laura Norton said she saw Lee Harvey Oswald make a phone call from a pay phone in the Clean and Wash Launderette at Davis and West Jefferson. The time was 12:47 p.m.
An officer radios the Police Dispatcher, “Has Governor Connelly been shot?” He got no response. He asks the question, “What are the police supposed to do at the Dallas Trade Mart?” Obviously, the Dallas police station was in a state of panic. The clock on the station wall shows the time: 12:49 p.m.
The Police Dispatcher received a radio call from J.D. Tippit, who stated he was at Lancaster and Eighth in central Oak Cliff. Dispatcher instructs him to “be at ready for any emergency that comes in.” Officer Tippit in patrol car number ten, radios he has moved as directed and will be available for any emergency. Checking his watch he noticed it was 12:52 p.m. By this time, the police radio, had broadcast several messages alerting the patrol officers to the suspect some said they saw at the scene of the assassination — a slender white male, about thirty years old, approximately five feet ten inches and weighing around 165 pounds. Does no one make the connection that Tippit, after roll call this morning, left to go on patrol in car Number Twenty-Five and is now responding to Headquarters in patrol car Number Ten!!
Five minutes before one o’clock the emergency room doctors and nurses at Parkland Hospital prepared Governor Connelly for surgery.
At the exact moment, the doctors are working on the Texas Governor over on the Oak Cliff side of the Houston Street viaduct at the Good Luck Oil Company (Gloco) service station five witnesses saw J.D. Tippit arrive at the Gloco station. For roughly five to ten minutes, he appeared to sit in his car and peered intently at the traffic as it crossed the bridge outbound from Dallas. Why was he there? No police dispatcher instructed Tippit to go to that location. Tippit seems to be watching for something or someone, the question was what? Or whom? The witnesses failed to see another car pull alongside Tippit’s car. A short, fat, man with curly black hair, dressed in a dark blue business suit leaves his car, opened the door and sat down on the passenger side of Officer Tippit’s car. Tippit and his passenger left Gloco and sped south on Lancaster. Three minutes later, at 12:58 p.m., Tippit answers his dispatcher and said he was at “Ninth and Jefferson”- a mile south of the Gloco Station, and less than a mile from Lee Harvey Oswald’s boarding house. He turned right on Jefferson Boulevard and stopped at the Top Ten Record Store a few minutes before 1:00 p.m. The storeowner and his clerk observed Tippit rush into the store and use the pay phone. He, apparently let the phone ring a couple of time, but without completing his call or speaking to store personnel Tippit slammed out the front door, jumped into his idling patrol car, and sped across Jefferson Boulevard. A couple of witnesses say he headed north. They say he was in such a hurry he ran a stop sign, turned right on Sunset and was last seen traveling at a high rate of speed east – one block from North Beckley. At this position, Tippit was now only two minutes from Oswald’s rooming house. Tippit drops off everyone’s grid for the next eight to ten minutes, where he goes no one has ever known.
It was not quite one o’clock; a priest was called for President Kennedy at Parkland Hospital. At this time, Lee Harvey Oswald was reported to have arrived at his rooming house. According to Earlene Rodgers, the housekeeper, he goes to his room. In a few seconds, a Dallas police car pulls up in front of the rooming house and taps its horn twice, in rapid succession. Demonstrating, Mrs. Rodgers said, “Beep-beep, short taps, close together, then the police car drove off. I went to the window and looked out, you see, I used to work for a policeman and sometimes they would come by and tell me something their wives wanted me to know, anyway, it was two policemen in uniform, but it wasn’t the ones I knew. Their police car was Number 170, and I believe that car was 106.” A report by the FBI in 1964 could not determine the reason for the police car beeping, nor could they identify whom the policemen might be. Their report speculated it might have been a police car watching to see if Oswald returned home.
Future Kennedy Assassination researcher’s scrutiny of the FBI report will show this made no sense whatsoever. No record existed indicating a police car was dispatched to Oswald’s address prior to 1:00 p.m.; moreover, if the car had been watching the house the policemen would have seen Oswald’s entry. Why not just get out and arrest him? Why blow the horn two times and leave? Does the tooting of the horn purport some type of signal to Oswald? However, this does not answer the crucial mystery: the Dallas police department states they have no police car Numbered 106!! Was Mrs. Rodgers lying, mistaken or were the police engineering a cover-up?
Investigations by assassination researchers have virtually established the only police car that should have been in the vicinity of Beckley Avenue was Officer J.D. Tippit’s cruiser. Another theory has also been thrown out: the person who stops and signals with the car horn in front of Oswald’s rooming house is actually Assistant D. A. Edward Hill – who was known to have right-wing tendencies. A few minutes after the murder of J. D. Tippit Hill along with Officer Buster Alexander, who is riding with him, will be the second police car to arrive at the Tippit murder scene. A few minutes later they show up at the Texas Theater where Oswald is arrested; Officer Edward Hill is also known as a right wing activist and more importantly – he was a friend of Jack Ruby. The day of the assassination Hill was in charge of the search at the TSBD when the rifle and spent cartridges from the rifle were discovered. 
At first the officers examining the rifle, which had been hidden behind some boxes of schoolbooks, determined it to be a German Army 7.92 millimeter Mauser. Officer Hill was responsible for maintaining evidence custody of this rifle along with the two spent shells found on the floor and the one live shell still in the rifle. Interestingly, five days after the assassination Captain Fritz of the Dallas Police Department will turn in a third empty shell casing he said he found on the sixth floor of TSBD. This seems downright convenient that this third cartridge will now back up the “official” story of three shots. Why did Captain Fritz pick up an empty shell casing lying on the sixth floor, and if he actually picked the shell up, why didn’t he turn it in immediately? Why would he wait five days to “discover” it in his pocket? FBI fingerprint analysis will later show only the fingerprint of Captain Fritz, Oswald’s prints were not on the empty shell casing. 
It has also been suggested J. D. Tippit and Detective Roscoe White could have been together in the same police car. This theory goes that Detective White had told Officer Tippit it was imperative they pick up a person of importance and take him to the Bluebird Airport. Tippet’s patrol car pulls up beside Oswald, Tippet gets out of his squad car and draws his revolver; As Tippit begins to walk around the front of his cruiser White fires his revolver three times and kills Tippit. Before fleeing White walks up and shoots point blank into the rear of Tippit’s head, he then flees in one direction, and the person everyone says is Oswald heads toward the Texas Theater. Interestingly, White is a short, fat, white guy with curly black hair.
Lee Harvey Oswald has changed shirts, leaves the rooming house zipping up his jacket. Walking out the door he checked his watch: 12:59 p.m.
Doctor John York at Parkland Hospital informed the First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, “I’m sorry Madam your husband the President, has sustained a fatal wound.” President Kennedy was officially pronounced dead by Doctor Clark and Doctor York at 1:00 p.m.
At about the same time, calls came in to the police station from neighbors close to the private Redbird Airport reporting a twin-engine airplane was acting suspiciously. It was said to be sitting on the grass at the end of the runway revving up its engines. This has been going on for some time. They want the police to put a stop to the noise they cannot hear the Presidential news on their television sets.
Oswald was reportedly seen walking west on 10th Street by Jimmy Burt and William Arthur Smith. Mr. Burt says the time was exactly 1:01 p.m. The Report of the Warren Commission will later state Oswald was walking east! This puts him only a block and a half east of the Tippit shooting and three blocks west of Jack Ruby’s apartment at 223 South Ewing Avenue. 
Mrs. Earlene Rodgers saw Oswald at 1:04 p.m. standing on the street at the corner of Zang and Beckley. This corner was directly in front of his rooming house. The Texas Theater is over one mile away. Obviously, Mrs. Rodgers time or the time stated by both Mr. Burt and Mr. Smith cannot be correct. One of the sighting times was wrong, or both of the times are wrong! Or possible could there have been two Lee Harvey Oswalds?
An employee at the Texas Theater heard someone come in and head upstairs to the balcony. The clock in the lobby was 1:10 p.m.
At that exact time, Officer J. D. Tippit, supposedly saw a man matching Oswald’s description walking east along Tenth Street. Tippit stops his car and calls for the man to come over to the police cruiser. 
T. J. Bowling was driving his daughter west on Tenth Street at 1:10 p.m. He noticed a crowd gathering around a police vehicle, he got out to see what was happening. If Earlene Rodgers saw Oswald at the bus stop at 1:04, he cannot be the murderer; it takes a minimum of twelve minutes to walk from the rooming house on North Beckley to the corner of Tenth and Patton.
A Secret Service agent informed Vice President Johnson, “President Kennedy is dead.” Johnson turns to Lady Bird and says, “Make note of the time.” She noted 1:10 p.m.
Officer J. D. Tippit was gunned down at the corner of Tenth and Patton Street.  It was 1:14 p.m. Tippit had stopped a man matching the police dispatcher’s description walking on Tenth Street, called the man to come over to the police car. The man leaned over to the window on the passenger side and talked to Officer Tippit. Tippit steps out of his patrol car and was shot four times and killed. One shot was point blank into the back of his head. Thirteen persons witnessed the Tippit murder, but only two could reconstruct the events. Of the two, only one Helen Markson, under pressure at the Dallas Police station, finally picked Oswald out of five different lineup attempts. The second witness never picked Oswald out of a lineup. The Warren Commission established the time of the Tippit murder as 1:16 p.m.
T. J. Bowling ran up to Officer Tippit’s car, grabs the police radio’s microphone and shouts, “There’s been a shooting here... it’s a police officer, somebody shot him! Send help!!” This was the first indication Officer J.D. Tippit had been murdered.
Witnesses will state the gunman ran down South Patton, and turned right onto East Jefferson Boulevard. Two used car salesmen gave chase and followed him behind the Texaco service station on the corner of Jefferson and Crawford. It appeared capture was imminent, but the police were diverted to a false alarm sighting at a nearby library.
At 1:19 p.m. an ambulance with no lettering on the doors arrived at the scene of the J. D. Tippit murder and immediately whisked the body away, supposedly, to the Methodist Hospital, but it never arrived. The next report of Officer Tippit’s body was at the Gober Funeral Chapel.
Dallas Police Captain Barney Westbrook was given a black billfold supposedly taken from the ground beside the police car where Tippit had been killed. He turned the wallet over to FBI Agent Barrett. The billfold contained a driver’s license, for Lee Harvey Oswald. This was strange, Lee Harvey Oswald does not know how to drive an automobile, and how unbelievably dumb would he have to be to leave his billfold, containing his identification at the scene of a murder. Employees at the Texas Department of Public Safety (DPS) will state a week after the Tippit murder a report of a driver’s license issued to Lee Oswald will turn up in their records. They further say, the Department of Public Safety file on Lee Oswald will be pulled, and it is never seen again. This was witnessed by at least seven employees of the DPS.
Police Chief Curry, with an escort of guards, drove Vice President Johnson and wife to Love Field.
Johnson arrived and boarded Air Force One at Love Field where he was sworn in as the 36th President of the United States. One of the observers notes the time: 1:35 p.m.
As the new President was being sworn in police at the scene of the Tippit murder broadcast the shooter was carrying a dark finish, automatic pistol. Another policeman, a veteran with considerable weapon experience sent a message back to police headquarters, “The shells recovered at the scene indicate the suspect was armed with an .38 caliber automatic rather than a pistol.”
At 1:43 p.m. Lee Harvey Oswald left the Texas theater balcony, walked down the steps to the concession stand and bought a bag of popcorn. From the concession stand he entered the main floor of the theater and sat in a seat next to a pregnant woman. There are only seven people in the nine hundred-seat theater; he could have found a seat almost anywhere. After enduring this un-invited guest for a moment or two, she got up, and left, she was never seen again, and her testimony was never taken. Oswald left his seat, walked around the theater, and stopped to sit next to at least three other patrons. Was he looking for someone?
Captain Westbrook and FBI Agent Barrett arrive at the Texas Theater and enter through the rear entrance minutes later. It must be assumed Westbrook and Barrett could be looking for “Lee Harvey Oswald” - identified from the driver’s license of the billfold discovered at the scene of the J. D. Tippit murder.
Johnny Handy, manager of the Handy Shoe Store, on Jefferson Avenue, became suspicious when a man, he believed to be the person the police were seeking, slipped into his shoe store and would duck every time a police siren passed. Handy had followed this man into the Texas Theater. After a cursory check of the theater, he asks the cashier, Julia Portal to call the police, “I think he is still here,” he said.
At a quarter until two o’clock Police Dispatch sends all cars to the Texas Theater saying, “Have information a suspect in the Kennedy shooting just went into the Texas Theater. Suspect is said to be hiding in the balcony”
George Applin, one of the seven patrons in the theater, later stated to the Warren Commission he was sitting in the center section, six rows from the back. He testified he noticed another man sitting in the very back of the theater seemingly unconcerned with the movie but this unknown man was intently watching as Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested. Years later he admitted to a local newspaper the man he saw that day was Jack Ruby. Asked why he took so long to say anything, “I know what happened to a lot of the other witnesses. I did not want the same to happen to me.”
Lieutenant Dayly, of the Dallas Police Crime Lab, left the TSBD, with the alleged murder weapon used to assassinate President Kennedy. It was described as an eight millimeter German Mauser when, if fact, later it became a 6.5 millimeter Italian Carcano. Persons astute in military weapons and those policemen were all WWII and Korean War veterans, easily would have recognized the differences in the two weapons.
After a brief struggle, Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested in the Texas Theater. One of the officers notes the time was 1:51 p.m. 
The arresting officers along with Oswald drove to the basement of Police Headquarters on Houston Street arriving at 2:00 p.m.
Dallas detectives begin the first interrogation of Oswald. He also asked and was granted permission to call Mrs. Ruth Paine concerning legal assistance. He called Mrs. Paine at 4:20 p.m.
Fifteen minutes later Oswald was taken for the first of several lineups he will be subjected to.
Five minutes past five o’clock Air Force One landed at Andrews Air Force base with now President Lyndon Johnson and the body of the slain President John Kennedy.
A black civilian hearse arrived at the rear entrance of Bethesda Naval Hospital with an unadorned metal casket. Six men in dark business suits were guarding it. It was said they were Secret Service. Persons at the Bethesda morgue are told it was the body of JFK. One attendant remembered the time was 5:45 p.m. The metal casket was brought into the Bethesda morgue where doctors are told it was President Kennedy’s body wrapped in a black rubber body bag. There was no brain inside the head.
Ten minutes later a gray Navy ambulance with the bronze Dallas coffin accompanied by FBI men arrived at the front door of Bethesda Naval Hospital, and Mrs. Jacqueline Kennedy follows it into the hospital. The FBI agents were not allowed to enter.
Why was the arrival of two corpses at Bethesda, both identified as President John Kennedy, never investigated? Officer Tippit was approximately the same size as the President and bore a striking facial resemblance to him also. Was Tippit in one casket and the President in the other? This was never investigated. 
Oswald was carried down for another lineup; he also had a paraffin test conducted on his hands. The paraffin test is to determine whether or not he had recently fired a weapon. The results of the test were never released.
Lineup complete, Oswald returned to Captain Fritz’s office.
Lee Harvey Oswald was officially charged with the murder of J. D. Tippit. Time on the official charge: 7:00 p.m.
The police began Oswald’s third interrogation session. He was still not representing by counsel, no one was there to represent him. A number of Secret Service agents, and, at least four FBI Special Agents question him. Again they do not use a stenographer and do not tape record the interrogation. One Secret Service agent noted the time was 7:40 p.m.
He placed another phone call to Ruth Paine. Mrs. Paine will later say the time was 8:00 p.m.
Oswald was taken to the Robbery and Homicide Office for fingerprinting, again.
Captain Fritz signed a formal complaint at 11:26 p.m. charging Lee Harvey Oswald with the murder of John F. Kennedy. 
Saturday, November 23, 1963, 12:04 a.m.:  Oswald met with the press in the basement assembly room of the Dallas Police department.
Lee Oswald was moved to his cell – Cell Number 2 on the fifth floor of the Dallas City jail. He notices the wall has been freshly painted. The clock at the end of the hall shows 12:20 a.m. 
Ten minutes later he is fingerprinted once again and photographed. Why another set of fingerprints?
Oswald was formally charged with the murder of JFK. The time was 12:34 a.m.
Lee Harvey Oswald was returned to Captain Fritz’s office for more questioning. Oswald has not been provided with counsel, and the interrogating officers keeps no notes and no tape recording were prepared. 
He was returned to his cell on the fifth floor. He notices the clock’s time was 1:10 a.m.
His mother Marguerite Oswald, and his wife Marina Oswald visit Oswald. Marina says the time was 1:30 a.m.
He was carried downstairs for yet another lineup.
Returned to his cell after his 4th line up. It was now 2:30 a.m.
Dallas detectives come to Oswald’s cell and obtain samples of hair from all portions of his body.
Oswald calls Ruth Paine again. She said it was around 3:15 A.M.
Sunday, November 23, 1963 at 2:15 a.m. - The Dallas FBI receives an anonymous phone call stating during the transfer to the county jail later this morning someone was going to kill Lee Harvey Oswald. The Dallas Sheriff’s office also receives a similar phone call; however, there was no significant change of plans. They write the calls off as a prank.
A few minutes after ten o’clock Dallas Police Chief Jesse Curry stated during a press conference Oswald would be moved by armored car, and he gave a general description of the security measures.
Captain Fritz finished interrogating Oswald and asked what clothes he wanted to wear. Oswald only chose a black pullover sweater then indicated he was ready to go. It was almost eleven o’clock.
Dallas police detectives escorted Oswald down the elevator and into the narrow corridor of the basement of the city jail. The time was 11:19 a.m.
One minute later Jack Ruby came down the ramp from Main Street into the basement of the Dallas City Hall. The Dallas Police Department was housed in the City Hall building. No police office challenges him nor questions his authority for being present.
Lee Harvey Oswald was handcuffed to Detective Leavelle on the right, and Detective Graves on his left arm. Captain Fritz and Lieutenant Swain followed by Detective Montgomery lead the procession from the elevator out into the basement.
No one had seen Jack Ruby before he shot Oswald. The time was 11:21 a.m. As the bright television cameras were switched on, blinding the policemen for a moment, Jack Ruby stepped forward and used a Colt Cobra .38 caliber snub-nosed revolver – murders Lee Harvey Oswald – all caught live on nationwide television.
Lee Harvey Oswald died at Parkland Hospital.
The time: 2:07 Sunday afternoon, November 24, 1963.

Chapter Fifty-Two
“WE’VE GOT TO GET THE HECK OUT OF DODGE”

Exactly forty-nine hours and thirty-four minutes earlier. Lee Harvey Oswald left the Texas School Book Depository and inadvertently bumps into Bud and Lou. Two short days later Oswald will think these two men were Secret Service agents. Darn what luck! Now Oswald will know what we look like. This is going to make following him more difficult, thought Bud.
Across from TSBD on the north side of Dealy Plaza Lonnie Joe and Rocky were beginning to make their way across Elm Street toward the TSBD entrance where they had just seen Oswald exiting. Bud turned and gave a motion toward Oswald to his two partners as they hurried toward his location. He was afraid they might not have seen Oswald coming out of the building. Rocky nodded his head signaling he had seen Oswald and had him in sight. 
Oswald crossed Houston and began walking east on Elm Street; Rocky was shadowing him from a half block back. The crowds were heavy – many panicky people were fleeing trying to escape the scene of the recent carnage, curious others were just as swiftly attempting to make their way toward Dealy Plaza to see what happened.
Rocky blended into the mass of hysterical humanity becoming just another face in the crowd. From previous historical reports, Rocky knew Oswald would head east about seven blocks then board the Dallas City Transit bus. The bus would continue west toward Dealy Plaza, but after two blocks, Oswald will get off at the corner of Lamar Street and Elm, and head for the bus station. Instead of closely following Oswald Lonnie Joe turns right on Houston Street and goes one block south to his parked car at the Stephen Austin Hotel. A short three block drive east on Wood Street finds him at the corner of Lamar. A left and one block he arrives at the Greyhound bus terminal. A row of taxis is lined up at the taxi stand.
Lonnie parked where he could observe anyone entering one of the yellow cabs, realizing it would be just a matter of minutes until Lee Harvey Oswald walks down from Lamar and enters William Whatley’s cab. Before Oswald could arrive Rocky swiftly came walking down the east side of Lamar, seeing Lonnie Joe parked at the curb on the northwest corner of Jackson and Lamar, he quickly crosses Jackson and got into the car with Lonnie Joe. 
Only a few minutes remained until Oswald arrived to ask Whatley to carry him to the 500 block of Beckley Avenue in Oak Cliff.
While Lonnie Joe and Rocky sat waiting for Oswald to make his appearance at the bus station a startling development was beginning to take place back at the TSBD, Bud and Lou had followed Lonnie Joe back to their cars at the Austin Hotel. Rocky and Lonnie Joe would follow Oswald from the bus station; meanwhile, Bud and Lou would be driving to the vicinity of 10th Street and Patton. At this location, they are going to witness the murder of J. D. Tippit.
As Captain Scarburg, Forrest and Olive Marie turn the northwestern corner of the Texas School Book Depository from Elm onto Houston they observe something quite unusual.
As they began to cross Houston Street to the Dal-Tex building heading towards their truck and Army Jeep parked in the lot just north of the Dal-Tex building, they watched a black ’62, four-door, Cadillac, Sedan DeVille pull up to the curb next to the TSBD building. A young man, of slender build, with dark hair, wearing a brown ‘Ike’ jacket with dark trousers, appeared from the back of the building and quickly jumped into the back seat of the car. The driver appeared to be an older gentleman with a dark complexion. Black? Hispanic? Asian? They could not see clearly enough to tell. The car door had not quite slammed shut when the car ‘tore out like a scalded dog’ headed south on Houston. A mile or so south and over the Houston Street viaduct the car and its passengers would be in the suburb of Oak Cliff.
Forrest turned to the Captain, “Grandpa, did you see that? Was that Lee Harvey Oswald...wasn’t that him? Did you all see him?” 
“Yes... yes... but this can’t be right,” answered Captain Scarburg. “I know he is walking east on Elm Street at this very minute – Rocky is following him!”
“Hurry guys, we’ll follow that car and see where it goes,” demanded Captain Scarburg beginning to run north on Houston Street toward their vehicles. By the time they arrived at the parking lot the station wagon with “Lee Harvey Oswald” had disappeared into the mass of traffic headed south on Houston. The Cadillac was completely out of sight. A quick input of Lonnie Joe’s phone number validated their assumption that LJ’s Lee Harvey Oswald was at that very minute, getting into Mr. Whatley’s cab at the Greyhound bus station. Turning back to Forrest and Olive Marie, “LJ and Rocky are watching Oswald as we speak, what is the meaning of this? Who was the “Oswald” that just got into that car?”
“What do we do, Grandpa?”
“Nothing, there is nothing we can do... we will just have to see if we can put these pieces together when we get back home. Maybe we can make some sense out of it all once we get Bud, Lou, Lonnie Joe and Rocky’s reports. Right now we’ve got to get the heck out of Dodge.” Forrest pulled his cell phone out and put in a call to Bud and Lonnie Joe. He reminded them that once they had wound up their surveillance to meet them at the Ponderosa if they have time, if not, he cautioned, they must be, and he reemphasized - must be at the cow pasture not later than 11:55 a.m. tomorrow. Pegasus will leave at precisely high noon, with or without them. “Hmmm,” Captain Scarburg said hearing Forrest talking on his end of the conversation, “I liked that movie,” as he began quietly singing,

♪“Do not forsake me, oh, my darlin’ on this our weddin’ day...♪

The background song for the old western favorite, ‘High Noon’ sung originally by Tex Ritter. Walking up to their Ford truck, the Captain did his best imitation of the swagger of the star of High Noon, Gary Cooper.
“Cut it out, Grandpa, act your age!” Olive Marie said rolling her eyes.
“Grandpa, don’t give up your day job!!” replied Forrest.

TENTH AND PATTON STREET

Leaving the parking lot next to the Austin Hotel, Bud and Lou traveled the 2.7 miles to Tenth and Patton in a matter of minutes. The pulled into the driveway of 326, the small white framed, unoccupied house on the north side of Tenth Street where the night before a small “For Sale” sign had been, they replaced the sign and sat and waited. Waited for Lee Harvey Oswald to come walking down Tenth Street. They knew from the official records that Oswald killed J. D. Tippit near the corner of Tenth and Patton. Now they would wait... wait for the inevitable murder they knew would occur. They both felt bad... they knew it was a murder they could prevent. 
What is this? A black Cadillac sedan had pulled up to the curb about a half a block west of the Tenth and Patton intersection. A man got out. “What! This cannot be!” Bud said. “That is Lee Harvey Oswald, he is supposed to be walking! Quick Lou, grab the camera with the telephoto lens, we must get a picture of this.” As Lou began to adjust the camera’s prodigious, telescopic lens they both noticed this “person” began walking west toward the next block. That would be Denver Street. Denver Street was only three blocks from the apartment of Jack Ruby – was this man attempting to get to Ruby’s apartment? Or was he trying to leave the impression Ruby’s place was where he was headed? If so, why get out of the car he was riding in? 
“Hold on Lou, look to your left... there’s a police car coming down Tenth. That must be Tippit.”
Both men slide down in their car seat until only their eyes protruded above the bottom of the door window. “Lou, you have to get pictures!”
“Okay, Bud, okay... I’ll get ’em, don’t worry.”
The police cruiser approached the man walking on the south sidewalk; it slowed and pulled up beside “Oswald.” The man on the sidewalk walked over to the patrol car and began conversing with the policemen through the open passenger’s window. Officer Tippit opened his driver’s door and stepped out onto the asphalt pavement. He took one step around his door and started around the front of the squad car. A passenger riding in the patrol car slid out onto the street from the driver’s side also.
This man, without taking aim fired three bullets into Officer J. D. Tippit. Bud and Lou would later describe the mystery man as short and fat with black curly hair. Tippit crumpled on the roadway, probably already dead before hitting the asphalt; however, the assassin was not finished... he walked up to the policemen and without hesitation fired another round, point blank into Officer Tippit’s head. This one shot tore a gaping hole in the right rear of his head. Almost an identical wound that was inflicted on President John Kennedy’s head a mere few minutes earlier at Dealey Plaza; however, the wound to the President’s head was a bullet to the front that exited in the rear, on Tippit the bullet entered the rear and exited the front.
As the shots were being fired at Tippit the man that had approached the patrol car hurried away, this “Oswald” looking fellow turned south and headed down Patton Street toward Jefferson. The ‘shooter’ quickly removed the spent shells from his revolver and tossed them to the ground a few hundred yards to the east of the patrol car on Tenth. After hastily reloading, the same black Cadillac pulled alongside, the shooter entered, and the car hastily drove away. Later these spent cartridges will be identified as shells used in a .38 caliber automatic pistol. Did no one in the Secret Service, FBI or the Dallas Police Department realize automatic .38 shells are different from .38 shells that fit in a revolver pistol?
“Did you get it all Lou?”
“Get what... what? Get what?”
“Pictures!! Pictures, did you get pictures of the Cadillac, the “Oswald” man, and the man who did the shooting?”
“Uh... uh... sorry Bud, I was so caught up in what was happening I failed to take a single picture.”
“No pictures?? No pictures?? Wait ‘till Grandpa hears about this... I could have done that well!!”
“The camera was just as close to you as it was to me... why didn’t you take the pictures Mr. Smarty, I-Know-Everything, Pants?” Replied Lou. “I’m sorry Bud... well, I... I... was just hypnotized, I have never seen a man murdered before. I just couldn’t tear my eyes away from that grisly scene; I’ve never seen anything so horrible. Bud, I think I’m going to be sick.”
“So,” Bud said arrogantly trying hard to bolster himself up, “think of it as if you were watching a movie, come-on pull yourself together Brother.”
“Bud,” Lou said speaking barely above a whisper with his head bowed, “you mean it didn’t bother you? Bud... Bud... we could have stopped Officer Tippit from being murdered!!”
Realizing Lou had suffered traumatically watching the brutal murder Bud tried to comfort him, “I’m sorry... Lou what am I thinking... you’re right... we both have never witnessed anything as horrible as this... mur... mur... uh... thing that just unfolded before us, and yes it bothered me... it bothered me a great deal. I hope we never have to be a party to something like that again, but no we could not have interfered. Remember what Anhur told Grandpa, ‘simple things done in the past can cause great changes in the future.’ Don’t worry Grandpa will understand. It wasn’t your fault.”
Later Helen Markson a witness to the J. D. Tippit shooting, will attempt to identify the murderer through a number of lineup’s conducted at Police Headquarters. She was unable to do so. She said, the police pressured her to make a decision, so she finally picked Lee Harvey Oswald as the shooter. She said she just wanted to get out of that place and go home. A few days before she testified before the Warren Commission she admitted it was not Oswald. The man she saw was short, fat and had black, bushy hair.
During the commotion, which ensued after the shooting, Lou backed the car out of the driveway and slowly drove in an opposite direction from the murder scene. “Where to now Lou?” Bud asked.
“We’re done, we’ve got to head this ‘pony’ back to the Ponderosa.”

1026 NORTH BECKLEY AVENUE

Lonnie Joe and Rocky would make reasonable facsimiles of private eyes. After watching Lee Harvey Oswald approach and enter the taxicab, they had as skillfully as Sherlock Holmes, followed the cab unobserved. From the Greyhound bus terminal to the turn-off onto North Beckley Avenue they had remained behind the taxi far enough to watch, but not close enough to be noticed. At 1026 North Beckley, the cab kept right on going – it did not stop at Lee Harvey Oswald’s rooming house.
It traveled on until it reached the 700 block. Noticing the brake lights coming on Lonnie Joe pulled into a parking spot along the curb. Carefully the two of them watched the taxicab. The right front passenger door opened and out stepped Lee Harvey Oswald. They could see him pay the driver who then drove south toward Jefferson Avenue. Oswald hurried across the street and began walking back toward his rooming house. When he was within a short distance from Lonnie Joe and Rocky the two of them slid down and hid themselves to keep Oswald from detecting them as he walked by on the opposite side of North Beckley. Once he was a safe distance away they made a U-turn and followed him back to the rooming house.
Parking a half block or so below Oswald’s place they sat waiting for him to emerge. Again, they knew he only would be in there for a couple of minutes. As they sat watching a Dallas police car pulled up to the curb and honked its horn - twice. Oswald emerged from his boarding house zipping up his jacket. He walked directly to the police car and received something one of the officers passed out the passenger’s window, placing whatever he received in his jacket pocket; he then walked to the corner of North Beckley and Zang Street. Beckley and Zang was the corner for the local bus stop; also, this location was northwest of the rooming house. The murder of J. D. Tippit occurred at Tenth and Patton – a location southeast of the rooming house.
A minute or two after standing at the bus stop a black, four-door Cadillac pulled up alongside Oswald. He approached the car, leaned over, spoke something to those inside then the back door opened, and he stepped into the rear seat.
“Quick Rocky, get a picture! I know it’s a Cadillac, but I don’t know what year or model. Get a picture, we can identify it later.”
“I’ll get the picture LJ, you just don’t lose that car.”
As the black Cadillac pulled away from the bus stop with Lee Harvey Oswald, the Cadillac driver did not realize just a few hundred yards behind was a unpretentious, black 1954 four-door municipal Ford sedan, following quietly and unobtrusively. The destination was the Texas Theater only 1.4 miles away. The route the Cadillac took was straightforward – down North Beckley to West Jefferson, turn right, and the Texas Theater was but a short distant on the right. 
At the corner of West Neely Street and North Beckley, a uniformed policeman stepped out into the road and held up his hand gesturing for the Ford to stop as Lonnie Joe and Rocky approached. Lonnie Joe removed his foot from the accelerator and gently touched the brake. Slowing down they pulled the car up to the officer, rolled down the window and inquired as to the delay. “Got a report of a gas leak on the next block”, he said authoritatively, “you folks will have to go back to the next street East Canty, cut over to Zang Boulevard and proceed on your way from there.” The Cadillac they were following had preceded them by only a few seconds. Obviously, the police officer had allowed it to drive through.
“But, officer, I don’t see any emergency vehicles along the street. Shouldn’t there be someone from the gas company checking this out?” Both Lonnie Joe and Rocky assumed this ‘police officer’ was not a real Dallas policeman, obviously he was stationed on the street to keep people away from the Texas Theater. Why? Maybe Oswald was meeting his contact there, and his CIA ‘handler’ did not want to be seen and identified?
“We are on our way to another job, we work for Dallas City Services maybe we could take a look at the leak? It sounds serious.” Lonnie Joe said, knowing full well neither he nor Rocky could even light a gas pilot light.
“The gas company repairmen are on their way – now turn this vehicle around and head back to East Canty Street as I said, or I’m goin’ have to give you a ticket.”
“Okay, okay we get the message... loud and clear... we’ll turn around, but if the place blows up don’t blame us... we tried to help!”
By the time, Lonnie Joe and Rocky had detoured around the block between West Neely Street and West Davis Street they had lost sight of the black Cadillac. “What should we do?” asked Lou.
“Let’s just get over to Zang Boulevard and head for the Texas Theater. We know that is their destination.”
Approximately ten blocks down Zang the Boulevard dead-ends into West Jefferson. The Texas Theater was located at 231 West Jefferson Boulevard. A right turn and they saw the Cadillac parked at the curb close to the theater. A couple of turns on the Ford’s steering wheel had them parked a couple hundred feet from the Texas Theater also. Far enough away to be unnoticed, but close enough to see everything going on. Switching the motor off, Lonnie Joe and Rocky watched as Lee Harvey Oswald got out and walked up to the cashier, purchased a ticket and entered the theater.
“LJ, I thought the official story was Oswald slipped into the theater. That was the reason the police were notified. Isn’t that right?”
“Yeah, Rocky that is the way it was reported. Obviously that was a fabrication on someone’s part also.”

THE TEXAS THEATER

Julia Portal, the Texas Theater cashier, only sold twenty-four tickets to the afternoon showing of Battle Cry, starring Van Heflin. It was just as well, she was spending her entire shift sitting in her booth listening to the President Kennedy news on KRLD, 1080 A.M., a local Dallas radio station. Testifying before the Warren Commission Miss Portal stated she did not know whether she sold Lee Harvey Oswald a ticket or not. She admitted she was paying more attention to the assassination news on her radio than who was purchasing tickets. When questioned about anyone who might have acted suspicious she at first said she did not remember anyone, then quickly added, “Oh yeah, there was this one fellow – he got out of a big ole black limousine car”. When asked if the car might have been a four-door Cadillac she answered, “Yes, I suppose it could have been a Cadillac.”
The Warren Commission investigator asked, “Did you sell this man a ticket?”
She answered, “No, I don’t think so but I might have.”
When asked at what time the man in the black car arrived she answered, “Best I can remember it was a little after one o’clock.”
“Can you be more specific?”
“Well, Butch Burroughs the concession stand operator said it was just a few minutes after one o’clock. Anyway, the police were called, and they arrived and arrested the man, Lee Harvey Oswald, I suppose.”
“You called the police?”
“No, I don’t know who called, but it wasn’t me.”
Watching as the Cadillac pulled up to the Texas Theater, and Lee Harvey Oswald enters the theater, Lonnie Joe and Rocky knew the rest of the scenario. The police would arrive and arrest Lee Harvey Oswald.
“You know,” said LJ. “I’ve been sitting here giving this some thought. I believe Oswald was supposed to have been killed by Officer Tippit. And I believe that other guy in the patrol car was supposed to shoot Tippit, but things did not work out. Now I believe their fall back plan was to have Oswald killed in this theater, but something goes wrong here too. What do you think Rocky?”
“I dunno LJ, that’s too much figuring for me. What I seriously think is we need to get out of here and head back to the Ponderosa and meet up with Captain Scarburg.”
The earlier phone call from Forrest said that he, the Captain and Olive Marie had just left the parking lot behind the Dal-Tex building and was heading back to Clem and Penelope’s Ponderosa. Now it was time for Lonnie Joe and Rocky to do the same.
The time was 1:41 p.m., Friday, November 22, 1963.

Chapter Fifty-Three
BACK TO THE COW PASTURE

“Hey Sis get on the phone to Grandpa. I see a congregation of police cars at the intersection of Texas Highway 77 and U.S. Highway 183 a mile or two in front of us. Call Grandpa, quick, he might want to ditch his .45 caliber pistol he is carrying.”
The traffic on 77 began to slow to a crawl; Olive Marie relayed the troublesome news to Grandpa Scarburg. If he were worried, he didn’t act like it, but he did call Bud and Lou. “Bud,” he said, “where are you all...? Good... say you’re just leaving the Tippit murder scene...? Okay... listen, the police must be setting up roadblocks all around downtown Dallas. I’m just approaching Highway 77 and Highway 183. Looks like the whole Texas Highway Patrol, Texas Rangers and Dallas City police are up here... No... I think we will be okay... they will be looking for someone matching Oswald’s description, and we don’t fit. No... no... we will be fine... but listen... get back over on North Beckley Street, drive north until it intersects with U.S. Highway 30. Turn left on 30 and go about two or three miles until you see West Mockingbird Lane. Turn right on it and follow it north until you come to the airport at Dallas’s Love Field. This route will take you around the downtown area and all the police. Once you all get to the airport pull into the main parking lot and park somewhere in the middle of all the cars. Call Lonnie Joe and give him the same instructions. You both must get rid of those two stolen 1954 Ford municipal cars. They are like having a bull’s eye painted on them. Forrest, Olive Marie and I will pick you guys up at the airport. Good luck.” 
Slowly the old green, pick-up truck and the Jeep inched their way toward the Texas Ranger standing in the road checking vehicles. Olive was so nervous she could not even voice her opinion to Forrest – she had to be truly scared and extremely nervous to stop talking. All she could see was the Ranger, his shiny badge over his left pocket and the .45 Colt strung low on his right hip. Yes, she was afraid.
Captain Scarburg, driving behind Forrest, knew he had not spoken the truth to Bud – he was worried, real worried. 
A couple of the Rangers were talking to Forrest; another was walking around the truck giving it a thorough going over. The Captain sat solemnly watching, not daring to breathe. How long had he been holding his breath, he could not tell. Finally, they gave an arm wave to Forrest allowing him to move forward through the police roadblock. It was now the Jeep’s turn.
“Good afternoon sir, we hate to bother you – may I see your driver’s license,” the police officer asked as Captain Scarburg extracted the fabricated DMV license the SCAR team had prepared before he left SCAR headquarters. 
“Is something wrong, Officer?”
“Where you been mister? In outer space! Don’t you know they killed President Kennedy this afternoon? We’re checking all vehicles for his killer.”
“Oh, sure... yeah right... I just thought you all would have the criminals in jail by now.”
“You ain’t got no rifle in this Jeep do you... uh... uh... (looking at the Captain’s license) Mr. Scarburg?”
“Nope, no rifle, got me a pistol there in that glove box tho’.”
Opening the glove box the patrolmen pulled out the Colt .45 automatic pistol. Turned the barrel end to his nose and sniffed. “Hey, this thing’s been fired lately! Right mister?”
“Sure nuff, and if you ain’t careful your gonna lose the end of your nose. I got a full clip of bullets in that thang, and its cocked and locked,” Grandpa said laying on the Texas accent as thick as possible. “Darn them there coyotes... I wish I could’ve shot ’em all!!”
“Yeah, don’t blame you there Mr. Scarburg, those varmints are pesky little critters... here’s your gun back... y’all have a good day now, ya’ hear,” the officer said waving Captain Scarburg through the checkpoint.
Driving down the road, the Captain wondered if his heart were going to resume beating or was an untimely demise forthcoming. Before he had a chance to give his heart more thought, he saw Forrest’s truck in front of him making its turn toward Love Field. In the main parking lot they parked next to one another to await Lonnie Joe, Rocky, Lou and Bud to arrive; within the hour Lonnie and Rocky rolled in. Rocky got into the Ford truck with Forrest and Olive Marie. Lonnie Joe rode shotgun with the Captain in the little Army’s finest. “We’ll give them another thirty minutes, then we must go,” commented Captain Scarburg. For the next half hour, they all nervously kept glancing at their watches. Forrest made some comment about a watched pot never boiling, but despite their constant vigilance Bud and Lou never arrived. “Try reaching them by phone,” the Captain said to Olive Marie.
“We can’t,” answered Lonnie Joe, “we’re more’n five miles from the Texas School Book Depository. We are outside the range of our cell phones.”

“POLICE SIRENS... LISTEN”

Bud and Lou had just turned onto West Mockingbird Lane heading for Love Field when Lou remarked, “Bud you hear that?”
“What Lou? No, I don’t. What is it?”
“Bud, I think I hear police sirens somewhere behind us, listen.”
As they both strained to hear the faint noise, the sound began to get louder. Within a moment or two it was definite, the sounds they could hear were sirens, police sirens approaching from their rear, and fast. 
“What do we do, Bud?” Asked Lou.
“I guess we’re caught – nothing we can do but surrender once the police catch up, but be careful Lou, if they think for a minute we are part of the assassination plot we might get shot on the spot, no questions asked. Remember these are Texans we are dealing with – they shoot first and ask questions later.”
“Bud? What are we going to tell them? Should we just make up something or try to tell them the truth?”
“Lou are you nuts? You know what we are going to do — we’re going to lie like we have never lied before! There won’t be anyone that would believe we are time travelers from the year 2012. Lie, Lou... lie and act like you believe it.”
The sirens on the police cars were rapidly approaching. The little black Ford had just rounded a curve in the road. Bud thought by the time they were on the straight away past the curve the police cars would be on them. “Oh well, we gave it our best shot Lou.”
Bud was correct; from around the curve the police cars appeared first one, then another, then another, three cruisers in all. Sirens blaring full blast and their red lights flashing like lights on a Christmas tree. 
“I guess I might as well pull over to the side of the road and stop. We’re caught! No reason for them to chase us any farther. We surely cannot out run them.” The police cars were narrowing the gap between themselves and Bud and Lou until they were practically on the stolen 1954 Ford municipal car. Bud began to inch the Ford toward the emergency lane when all of a sudden... What! What is happening? The police cars pulled over into the left passing lane and one by one they blasted by like three bats out of Hades without even the hint of noticing Bud and Lou. Obviously, they were heading somewhere else; Bud and Lou were not their objective - this time.

NORTH TO THE PONDEROSA

Back out on the Dallas Freeway the truck and Army Jeep were finally headed north to Celina and the safety of the Ponderosa. Rocky had climbed into the cab with Forrest and Olive Marie. Lonnie Joe was riding in the open air Jeep with the Captain. Sadly, they waited in vain - Bud and Lou never showed up.
The further north they traveled the more snow they found on the roadway from the recent blizzard of a couple of days earlier. The roads were quite passable and were not in the least bit hazardous to drive on; however, the recent snowfall covering the ground had dropped the temperature to a very cold, bone-chilling level. The two in the Jeep were about to freeze to death.
The fortunate thing, if anything could have been fortunate at this particular time, with the traffic flowing freely on the highway leading to Celina, Celina was only about an hour’s drive away. One-hour, Captain Scarburg thought, and they would be sitting in front of Clem and Penelope’s roaring fireplace, warm and toasty drinking hot coffee and chocolate.
As they pulled up to the front door of the Ponderosa Forrest honked the truck’s horn. The Captain did likewise with the horn on the Jeep.
Before they got out of their vehicles and into the five or six inches of snow that remained, Clem and Penelope stood waiting for them on the front porch. Lady’s ears perked up. She recognized the Captain and raced down the porch and bounded across the snow and into his waiting arms. “Durn that little dog,” said Clem grinning, “she thanks more of the Captain, than she does us.” Laughing Penelope looked at Clem and agreed. 
“Come on, you all...git yerselfs into this house. I’ve got a big pot of fresh, hot coffee, and iffin you all will wait a tetch supper is almost ready. Come on in Captain... you’ve got some more folks with y’all that me and Clem ain’t seed afore. Howdy there Forrest and Olive Marie, good to see ya both agin.”
Inside Grandpa introduced Lonnie Joe and Rocky. He told Clem and Penelope about his other grandsons Bud and Lou who had preceded him to Dallas. He also explained they had failed to meet him at the rendezvous point at Dallas’s Love Field. Forrest returned the chauffeur and waitress outfits they had ‘borrowed’, and at the same time apologized for the deceit he and Olive Marie had pulled on them. “I’m sorry for getting your clothes Clem and Penelope, but we had an urgent need for them, and you both were sleeping, so we did not want to wake you up so early. We’re sorry, they were perfect for the job we had to do.”
“Oh, no need to apologize Forrest, we’s glad to lend’em to y’all.”
Lonnie Joe nodded to Clem when introduced. As he was being introduced he reached out and took Penelope’s hand. “It is nice finally to meet you Miss Penelope – Captain Scarburg has told us so much about you.” Not perceived by the rest of the group, a spark was ignited in Penelope’s eye as she grasped Lonnie Joe’s hand. Lonnie Joe felt the same romantic, electrical spark. 
Oh, hes so much more handsome in person than on that Iphony of the Captains, she thought. “Why thank you Mr. Wheeler, I hope everythin’ he told you was good,” she said smiling. 
“After seeing you Miss Penelope, I couldn’t imagine anything but nice things could have been said about you.” He quickly caught himself, “Oh, and about your brother Clem too.”
“Mr. Wheeler, you come on in this house and git up there by the farplace and git yerself warm while I go git you a hot cup of coffee.”
After everyone else had found a comfortable, warm spot around the fireplace, and was sipping their hot drinks Clem asked, “Thar’s jez one thang I wants to know. What was so gall darned important you had to git to Dallas so quick?”
“Clem,” asked the Captain. “Haven’t you watched television today?”
“Naw, we had to plug it in to git it to come on, well that plug in thang don’t work no more. You know Captain, I’s a fix-it man, but I jest ain’t had time to get around to fixin’ hit.
“You no’s what they say ‘bout the plumber and mechanic don’t you John? They’s got leakin’ pipes at home and their cars won’t run. Clems right in there with’em,” said Penelope sitting next to the fireplace.
“So you haven’t been keeping up with the news today? It that about right Clem?”
“Yes sir, you got hit right. We ain’t hear’d a bit of news since yesterdee. Has somethin’ happened we should’ve no’d about.”
“Clem, get me a screwdriver, a pair of wire cutters and some electrical tape, and I will tell you a story.”
He would have asked Penelope for the items, but she and Lonnie Joe were huddled up close to the fire, heads close together whispering to each other.
As he began repairing the television’s electrical plug he began to explain, “Today about 12:30 someone shot and killed the President of the United States John F. Kennedy. They assassinated him in Dealy Plaza, in Dallas.”
“Well you don’t say! Clem exclaimed surprised. “What would they want to do that fer, Captain?”
“Clem, you remember I previously jumped from 2012 back to 1963. Remember you knew all about the assassination of President Kennedy when I was here earlier?”
“Nah, don’t seem to recall that John.”
“Never mind. Forrest, Olive Marie, Lonnie Joe and Rocky, Bud and Lou, jumped from 2012 with me this time. The first time I came here was to make sure President Kennedy was killed and not just wounded. Clem you helped insure that happened. We went to see your Uncle Jack Ruby; I got thrown into the Dallas City Jail; Penelope gave you the money to bail me out; you repaired Pegasus, my time machine, and I gave you my watch and some 2012 money. Oh yeah, this old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat I’m now wearing – you presented this to me right before I left the cow pasture and returned to 2012.”
Clem said scratching his head, “This is kinda like they say, ‘Day Jay Fool’. I done believe this has truly happened afore, I surely do. I jest can’t recollect all the pieces.”
Penelope spread the kitchen table with all the “vittals” and everyone settled into a chair around the table. They all enjoyed the meal as though they hadn’t eaten in a week. They all agreed, Captain Scarburg had been correct: Penelope was an exceptionally good cook. During the conversation at the supper table, the Captain asked Clem and Penelope if they could put his entire bunch up for the night – he explained they would be leaving in the morning. Clem and Miss Penelope were more than happy to oblige. The Captain again emphasized how worried he was about Bud and Lou.
Back in the living room Clem asked a question, “Folks, I noticed when y’all come up y’all were drivin’ a green Ford truck and an ole Army Jeep. Them wouldn’t belong to Larry Brock, would they? They shore look like hizzen. The ones he kept in his ole barn.” 
Captain Scarburg explained how Forrest and Olive Marie had arrived first, during the ferocious blizzard. They got the truck from the barn and drove it to the Ponderosa. Clem nodded in agreement and added how they later slipped out before daybreak. Yes, answered the Captain and he explained how Forrest and Olive Marie made their way to the Clint Murdock estate on the north side of Dallas. Later Captain Scarburg described how he arrived, went to the barn to borrow the truck, but it was already gone. That was when he found the Jeep. The Captain explained that tomorrow they were going to drive back up Saddlehorn Gulch, find the cow pasture and replace the two vehicles in the barn where they found them; however, they had two small problems: both the old Ford truck and the Army Jeep were running on fumes – both vehicle’s fuel tanks were almost empty. They had considered it a minor miracle they had gotten as far as the Ponderosa. As the Captain further explained: at exactly 11:55 tomorrow Saturday, November 23, 1963 they would get into their time machine – the door would stay open for five minutes, and at twelve o’clock sharp they were to leave and return to 2012. He explained they would have to leave whether Bud and Lou arrived or not.
“Shoot,” said Clem, “I ain’t got no gas and my wrecker runs on diesel. Me and Penelope have already run all the gas out of the Rambler. We don’t never use it no how, but I got me an idee. Y’all drive that nearly empty truck and Jeep up Saddlehorn Gulch. Me and Penelope will lead y’all in my wrecker. If’en y’all run outa gas, I’ll jest hook my wench on to y’all and gall darn I’ll jest pull you the rest of the way. Why, Lordy mercy, Ole Besty, my wrecker could pull the horns off’en a billy goat. What y’all thank?”
“Sounds like a plan, Clem,” and using Clem vernacular, “a good’ern.”

GOING HOME

By the time, daylight arrived Clem, Penelope and the entire Scarburg entourage was awake and itching to get moving. “Y’all ain’t leavin’ ‘til you’ve et breakfast, y’all come in here and sit yerselfs down...I’ve done fried up a couple pounds of fat back meat, ham, bacon, a pound or two of pork sausage, scrambled us about three dozen eggs, made up a syrup bucket full of sawmill gravy and cooked enuf biscuits to choke a hog.”
It is called ‘sawmill’ because in the early days, it was said a man could work all day at the sawmill with his stomach loaded down with a good breakfast served with ‘sawmill’ gravy. Spooned over home baked biscuits this gravy was ambrosia for the Gods. Along with the gravy, fat back meat, ham, sausage and eggs from the chickens out back, Penelope had black strap, sugar cane molasses, Kayo syrup, real homemade butter, and gallons and gallons of Luzianne coffee with chicory. This wasn’t a meal it was a feast for those dear ole southern boys.
“Tank up on this here coffee men,” Clem offered, “y’all gonna need her afore we git across that Saddlehorn Gulch this here morning. I’m a telling ya the temperature out thar this mornin’ is colder than a well diggers butt, oh, sorry Miss Olive. I fergot there were wimmen present.” 
Captain Scarburg had spent a fitful night. He could not sleep for worrying about Bud and Lou. During the morning, he had almost worn a trail in the carpet from the living room to the front windows. He was constantly checking to see if they might be pulling up the drive to the Ponderosa.
Around 9:00 a.m. Clem suggested, with the snowfall of a couple nights ago, it might be wise to leave the Ponderosa in plenty of time to get to the cow pasture in case they run into some big snowdrifts. 
Good idea, thought the Captain. “Everyone load up. We are leaving for the cow pasture and our rendezvous with our ride back to the 21st century. Clem and Penelope will lead in the wrecker since they know the way. Forrest you Olive Marie and Rocky follow behind them. Lonnie Joe and I will bring up the rear. Saddlehorn Gulch is not a road, it is a cow trail, and calling it a cow trail is proclaiming it greater than it really is. It will now be covered with snow so missing the crevices and big rocks will be a challenge. My only advice: hold on tight.”
The convoy pulled away from the Ponderosa as planned. Grandpa kept straining his eyes looking up the driveway for Bud and Lou, but alas, no one was coming. I bet the police caught them, and they are in jail being held for questioning, he thought, or worst some of the gangsters LJ and Rocky spied on might, somehow, found out about them and may have caused them some harm. Of course, they might have been accused of being assassins, and they could have been killed!! I know something dreadful has happened to them, or they would be here by now.  
Leading the convoy through the Gulch was the old Ford wrecker with Clem and Penelope and Lady the miniature sheepdog staring out the window from Penelope’s lap. The Captain glanced down at the Jeep’s fuel gage the needle had dipped below the ‘E’ mark. The Jeep was about out of gas. How far could they get – it was anyone’s guess.
Traveling across Saddlehorn Gulch was rough as expected, but so far the fuel was holding out, at least they had not stopped yet. A couple more gulleys and a slight rise and they would be within sight of their destination. “Look, just ahead,” Forrest announced as they topped the last hill, “There’s the cow pasture, I believe we are going to make it.”
The time was 11:35, Saturday morning, November 23, 1963.

AMAZING GRACE

The tracks of the Ford truck and the Army Jeep were still visible, however slight, in the snow from the time they had driven out of the cow pasture earlier. Passing the tree stump Forrest made a comment to Rocky about Grandpa landing Pegasus on that very stump during the Captain’s previous visit. Time was running short they only had about fifteen minutes until it was show time.
Forrest and Rocky leaped from their vehicle and tugged at the door of the barn. It would not budge; snow had blocked the metal track the door should slide on. “Come on Rocky put you back into it, we have to get this door open. We are running out of time.”
Captain Scarburg, Lonnie Joe and Clem were witnessing the problem with the door. They all got out and positioned themselves around the wooden door. “Okay,” said Forrest, “on the count of three everyone push. One - two - three, the door moved, barely, but it only moved a few inches and was blocked again. “Olive Marie, get the shovel out of the truck and try to remove some of the snow blocking the door’s path. In a moment of two, the snow had been cleared and once again the men heaved with all their might. The door finally moved. Slowly at first, then it began to slowly slide open.
“Okay, get these vehicles back into this barn and lets get back down to the stump. Fireworks are about to happen.”
Everyone piled onto Clem’s wrecker and returned to the area of the expected return of their flying machine. Forrest looked at his watch, 11:53, seven minutes until noon. Only two more minutes to go, and Pegasus should arrive. He emphasized the ‘should’. Hopefully, they could then climb inside, and finally be safe.
Off in the distance – what... what was that they heard? Captain Scarburg was the first to call attention to the sound, “Listen, what is that noise?” he said pointing back in the direction of the Saddlehorn Gulch trail. 
“It sounds like a siren of sorts,” said Forrest.
“I believe it is a siren,” replied Lonnie Joe.
“Listen, I know the sound is getting louder and closer. That is a siren... a siren from a police car!”
Precisely at the same time, this exclamation was made, they saw the red ‘gumball machine’ flashing brightly from atop the police car that was swiftly approaching the cut in the fence that leads into the pasture.
“It’s the cops,” said Captain Scarburg! “And Pegasus is still a couple of minutes from appearing, I’m afraid we’re not going to make it. I’m sorry, but it looks as if we have been caught. The jig is up! We can’t do anything but surrender, please don’t anyone resist, they might shoot us!”
“Wait a minute Captain Scarburg, what about your gun hidden in the tree?”
“Darn right Rocky! Look over there, see that tree standing there by itself – hurry Lonnie Joe run look in the squirrel hole on the back side and get the 1911 pistol and the three clips of ammo. We are not going down without a fight. I still have my .45 in my pocket, Lonnie Joe maybe we can hold them off until Pegasus materializes and you guys can escape. Hurry, hurry LJ get the gun!!”
The police car continued racing toward them from across the pasture. The single light mounted on the roof was flashing its red light non-stop, and the siren was going full tilt.
“Well, we gave it a good try,” said the Captain. “I just wish all our information would be available to our people at SCAR. We answered a lot of the unknowns connected with the Kennedy Assassination, but of crucial importance now – I have to know what happened to Bud and Lou. I’m afraid they have been captured, and it’s not beyond belief that they could have been killed as accomplices to the Kennedy assassination. When the police car gets here you all jump into Pegasus and I will keep the officers at bay with the pistols while, hopefully you all escape.”
Lonnie Joe spoke up, “Captain, please if you pull a gun on these police officers I am afraid they will surely kill you.”
“I have to hold them off long enough for you all to get back into Pegasus and return home – do not worry about me – I will be okay. I have lived a long and fruitful live Forrest, Olive Marie, LJ and Rocky you still have the rest of your lives before you - just tell them back home that I love them. Especially Baba, tell her I was wasn’t too old – she will understand.”
Standing in a group close to the old tree stump, they began to hear the rustling of the wind; the snow began to blow and a circle forming the vortex of something resembling a small tornado was forming. Through the blowing snow, the vague outline of Pegasus’ shiny titanium skin was beginning to appear. “So close, so close, yet so far. Come on Pegasus, hurry up!” Uttered Captain Scarburg. “At least the bagpipes are still playing magnificently.” 
The police car slammed on its brakes, and for the last few feet, it slid across the snow-covered grass. Its high, shrill sounding siren began to subside from a loud wail to a diminishing whine. The red light on top was still brightly illuminating the snow and the surroundings with every turn of its brilliant beam.
Captain Scarburg racked the slide back on the 1911 .45 caliber pistol loading a round into the chamber getting it ready for action. He had his mind made up, as bad as he hated too he was going to kill these policemen and give Pegasus a chance to return to the 21st century. He had the pistol up and aimed at the first officer, which would appear from the patrol car. 
The passenger door of the police cruiser flew open; a booted foot touched the ground, then the ‘person’ stepped out into full view. Was it the boot of a Texas Ranger, a Dallas policeman, or maybe the boot of a Texas Highway Patrolman? Captain Scarburg knew to whomever the boot belonged was probably raging mad over the Presidential assassination and was ready to retaliate harshly against his group of ‘assassins’. He could not let his group be captured – instinctively he pushed his hand deep within his coat pocket and felt the cold steel of the other Army Colt .45. One more step and...
“Don’t shoot!! Don’t shoot!!” Instead of the boots of a uniformed policeman, out stepped Bud, and from the other side Lou, both grinning from ear to ear. “What’s all the excitement about, we made it didn’t we? I figure we have a minute or two to spare.”
Everyone rushed over to the two and began to hug and slap them on their backs. “Whoa, whoa.” Bud said, “enough already, we’re glad to see you all too.” The Captain released his grip on the Colt and let it slip silently back into his pocket.
“A minute or two, by-ned, you two almost missed the boat. What happened? Where have you both been? Where did you get this police car?”
“Later Grandpa… later. Plenty of time to explain, but like I’ve always said,” remarked Bud laughing, “an inch is good as a mile, or in this case, I guess it’s a minute is as good as.. as.. oh, I don’t know... good as a ticket on the Pegasus Express I suppose.”
“Stand back everyone Pegasus is about to materialize. Don’t want any of you to become a statistic at this late date.” At the word ‘date’ Pegasus formed in its entire platinum splendor.
Penelope, standing with her feet in the five inches of remaining snow, bombarded by the gale force of blowing snow caused by the appearance of Pegasus, mouth gaping wide open remarked, “What the... Lonnie Joe? What is that thang? Er we in danger?” She asked as Lonnie Joe shielded her from the cascading, wind driven snow. “What is that thang Clem? And whar’s that purty music comin’ from?” 
“I don’t know Penelope, but fer some reason, it seems like I’ve seed that machine thang afore, but this can’t be so. How could I have seed somethin’ as crazy as that there thang? Shorely I would’ve recollected somethin’ this peculiar! And that church music - you know’d I’d ‘member something that purty!”
Pegasus had totally materialized, and the escaping air could be heard hissing from the opening of the hatch. “Clem, if you can get your eyes back in their sockets would you please move your wrecker up next to our flying machine so we can use it as a platform to step into the hatch.”
The wrecker was in place; all the time-travelers had shaken hands with Clem and Penelope and wished them well. Now they were all beginning to climb into Pegasus, hopeful of their return to the 21st century, all... all that is except… except for Lonnie Joe. The last to leave Clem and Penelope was Captain Scarburg and Lonnie Joe. 
“Captain,” began Lonnie Joe, “I have something to say.”
“Yes, LJ, hurry say what you must to Clem and Penelope we must get aboard, Pegasus is getting ready to leave.”
“I’m... I’m... not going back home with you! All my life I have been in and out of one crazy adventure or another, but I never met anyone I thought I could settle down with. I believe I have now. I want to stay here with Penelope. That is if she will have me.” Penelope grasped Lonnie Joe’s hand and squeezed it tightly.
“Yes, Lonnie Joe, yes!!” Penelope said lovingly looking up at LJ.
Captain Scarburg did not try to talk Lonnie Joe out of staying, all he said was, “Well old friend, the time has come for me to leave. That hatch will only stay open for a few more seconds, and it will close automatically for good, my time is almost up. I hope you have a wonderful life, and I will remember you always. Good luck LJ, you have always been a good and trusted friend. I pray life will be good to you and Penelope. So long Clem take care of Lonnie Joe and Penelope. Only one thing I have to remind you of Lonnie Joe – thirty minutes after we leave you, Penelope and Clem will never remember we were here.”
“Captain,” said Penelope, “I’m skeered, what if’n y’all don’t make it back to your world of the future?”
“Penelope, you and Clem are church going, God fearing, people just listen to those bagpipes playing that beautiful old gospel song ‘Amazing Grace’ and just remember these words:
 
♪Thru many dangers, toils and snares, I have already come;
‘Tis Grace that bro’t me safe thus far, and Grace will lead me home.♪

“We’ll be fine Penelope – until and if we meet again, goodbye and good luck.”
With this last farewell, the Captain started to step from Clem’s wrecker through the open hatch into the interior of Pegasus, but he hesitated, turned, “Lonnie Joe”, he said handing one of the Army .45s to LJ, “Take this it might come in handy some day. It was manufactured during World War II, so no one will ever know I brought in here from 2012.” Captain Scarburg quickly turned and leaped through the Pegasus’s hatch.
The internal valves were beginning to hiss allowing the automatic hatch to close when without warning Lady, the beautiful little dog, jumped from the wrecker through the hatch, and into the time machine following Captain Scarburg. It was too late for her to return, the hatch closed. A safety feature of this marvelous machine - on takeoff once the hatch closes and seals it cannot be opened until the scheduled flight has taken place. In this case, the hatch will not open again until Pegasus arrived back in Washington D.C. or regrettably, where ever it was going. Captain Scarburg was still not one hundred per cent certain Mr. Ryan Rousseau had not sabotaged the guidance computers before Pegasus left the launch facility at SCAR Headquarters. That scoundrel, thought the Captain, what could he be hiding? What is it he does not want us to find?
The Captain had taken one final look out the closed hatch window before Pegasus left. Standing in the snow waving goodbye were Clem, Penelope and Lonnie Joe. Lonnie had one hand holding Penelope the other was grasping the .45 caliber Colt pistol. Clem was wiping the tears from his eyes with a big ole handkerchief. I wonder if I will ever see them again, he thought. Waving through the window, the Captain softly said, “So long my friends, I wish you well.”
The time was noon, Saturday, November 23, 1963.

WE HAVE A PROBLEM

The hatch had barely finished closing and locking when Captain Scarburg, sitting at the control console, glanced quickly around the cluster of gauges. “Oh on!” He said frantically. “Bud, Lou did you or Rocky pay any attention to the “DEPARTURE”, “ARRIVAL” or “RETURN” gauges?”
“I’m afraid not,” answered Bud, “we thought Mike had programmed the destination and arrival time on the Texas School Book Depository building correctly. What’s wrong Captain we arrived just as scheduled on top of the Book building Thursday morning. And Pegasus left Friday evening just as we had discussed, and it returned here to the cow pasture. Is something wrong?”
“Wrong? Wrong? Bud wrong is not a descriptive enough word, for the do-do we are in, and I’m not talking about that cow stuff lying around outside in the cow pasture. We have a problem, a big problem!”
Captain Scarburg continued, “Pegasus arrived on the TSBD building at exactly 9:00 a.m. on Saturday November 23, 1963 as you correctly stated. The departure time back to our cow pasture was also correct.”
Bud replied, “That seems fine, then what’s the problem Grandpa?”
“The “Destination” and the “Arrival time” at the Destination, are both wrong.”
The Captain stood up and pointed to both gauges to show the SCAR personnel how the dials were indicating the wrong numbers. Putting his finger on “DESTINATION” he explained that the GPS coordinates shown were not for Washington, D.C. but for the cow pasture where they were now sitting. Moving over to the “ARRIVAL” indicator. The date the Captain told the group, was supposed to show their arrival date back in Washington as Wednesday December 7, 2012.
“Okay, Grandpa,” Bud responded, “that sounds right, but what are you trying to tell us?”
“This arrival indicator is set for Wednesday December 7, but the year is not 2012.”
“When Grandpa? What year does the dial show?”
“The year is... is 1812!! The first two digits have been changed. We are getting ready to dematerialize from this Parallel Universe in 1963 and will reappear exactly where we are now sitting, but two hundred years ago!!”
“This sounds really bad Grandpa, but you can fix it, right? Right?”
Before Captain Scarburg could answer there was a brilliant flash of blue light, smoke obscured the front porthole and everyone inside the control room of Pegasus was rendered unconscious. They were all lying around on the floor unable to hear the melodious sound of the bagpipes sounding out the finishing notes of the beautiful rendition of ‘Amazing Grace.’
The time was 12:01 P.M., Wednesday December 7, 1812.

Chapter Fifty-Four
ARE WE HOME YET?

Within a few seconds, Captain Scarburg began to regain his senses. Stumbling to his feet, he was aghast at the scene in front of his porthole window. No, it wasn’t that swamp in Africa, in fact, it wasn’t Africa at all – it was his cow pasture. An abundance of trees were growing everywhere and off to his left he could see what Clem had called the Double Pond Lake; however, those pesky ole beavers had not yet transformed the one large lake into the two smaller ones that Clem remembered. 
On the spot where the large cow pasture and old oil wells will be in the future, now an immense forest of primeval hardwood and pine trees intermingled with an abundance of mesquite flourished. Among the trees and close to the edge of the pond Captain Scarburg saw a faint hint of smoke rising up into the air. Glancing around the area, he saw not only one trail of smoke, but several. Were the woods on fire he supposed? Turning his attention from the changed scenery of his cow pasture to his unconscious crew he began trying to revive them.
Olive Marie was the first to awaken. “Grandpa! Grandpa! What happened? Are we home yet?” She groggily inquired.
“Hon, I’m sorry! No, we are not in Washington, unfortunately, you might be right. We MAY BE home! I was hoping I was wrong, but I believe we are indeed in the same cow pasture but by the look of things outside its not 1963. I believe it is many, many years in the past. Try to get the others awake, I’ve got an idea.”
Turning his attention back to the control console, the Captain flipped on the switch to Mike’s Tachyon transmitter/receiver. Removing his Iphone from his pocket he touched the App labeled “Tachyon” and waited. Nothing happened. He pressed the glass screen again… and waited… again nothing… what is that noise? A slight crackling sound was coming from the phone. Holding the black Iphone to his right ear, the Captain believed he could hear something that sounded artificial. It was not static or background noise.
Rocky, now awake, noticed the peculiar attention Captain Scarburg was paying to his Iphone and inquired, “Captain, what’s happening?”
Noticing the same thing, Bud, Lou, Olive Marie, Forrest and Rocky all crowded in closer to the Captain seemingly trying to assist him in any way they possibly could.
“Back up guys! Give me some breathing room… I am attempting to contact Mike back at the lab. I do not believe I told you all before, but Mike has developed a method to talk, not only between cell phones within a five mile radius of Pegasus as we have been doing while in Dallas. But on my first trip, once inside Pegasus, I was able to talk to him from this very same cow pasture. I’m trying to do it again.”
“Grandpa, have you gone crazy? I thought you said we were destined to a Parallel Universe over two hundred and fifty years in the past – the year 1812 to be exact. How can you talk to Mike?”
“I like to admit it when I’m right, but this time I wish I had to eat crow. I believe we are indeed in nineteenth century Texas, twenty years before Texas became a state! I think I can talk to Mike using something called Tachyons – don’t ask, I don’t know what they are either, but they, somehow, allow communication across time according to Mike.”
The Captain explained to them the beaver pond he saw off in the distance and the unusual smoke he saw rising above the trees, but he had to explain also the finality of their voyage. They were in the year 1812, probably caused by the hand of Ryan Rousseau. He explained to them the terrible news: there was no way to fix the incorrectly programmed computer. He continued trying to contact Mike back in SCAR’s lab. If anyone knew there was a way they could repair the improperly sequenced pile of silicon chips, processors and hard drives known as the Pegasus master computer it would be Mike. He reasoned if Clem Ruby could change the computer setting once, it might just be possible they would be able to do it once again.
“Okay, Grandpa, we understand. No, that’s not right! I don’t understand anything you have said, but quit talking and start working your cellphone and get Mike on the line,” demanded Olive Marie.
The frying noise emanating from the Iphone quickly changed to a dial tone, which as quickly changed to a voice, “Hello… hello… is someone there?”
It was Mike Watkins! “Mike! Mike! Is that you? The Captain screamed into the phone. “Mike, come-in, come-in… over, come-in... over.”
Forrest quietly turned to Olive Marie and whispered into her ear, “Where does Grandpa think we are – in a World War Two bomber?”  
Before the grin on his face faded the voice had answered, “Captain? Captain? Talk to me... I can hear you. Where are you?”
For the next couple of minutes, Mike and the Captain conversed back and forth. The Captain explained how the “ARRIVAL” gauge had been changed from 2012 to 1812, but the “DESTINATION” was still set for the cow pasture near Celina, Texas. “Is there anything from your end you can do to help us,” asked the Captain? “We are at your mercy Mike, please do something – we need to get out of this 1812 cow pasture here in Texas.”
“No, I do not have any ideas readily available, but let me take a look at the original alien construction drawing that we used to build the time-machine. Maybe I can see something I might have missed before. I will get back to you as soon as I know something. Over and out.”
“Grandpa, I’m scared! What are we to do?”
“We will think of something, don’t worry. First let’s take inventory of our food and water supplies. We may be here for a while.”
The Captain passed his hat around the group accumulating what few food items the group had: one Baby Ruth candy bar, a roll of breath mints, a package of chewing gum, some cheese crackers, a peanut butter sandwich. “Whoa,” said the Captain as he removed the items from his hat, “who had the peanut butter sandwich?”
“It was mine,” said Lou sheepishly.
“What…? Where…?” The Captain could not contain his amazement. “A peanut butter sandwich?”
“Yeah, I got it at the boarding house before Bud and I left to go to Dealy Plaza. Mrs. Rodgers made it for me.” Grinning he added,  “You know as I have always said, ‘you never know when a delicious peanut butter sandwich might come in handy’.”
“Well said Lou, well said. Never thought I would have to ever say that to you about a sandwich, but I’m glad you have it, and it will come in handy.” As he was placing the inventory of items in the console drawer, his Iphone began playing The Stars and Stripes Forever – “Yes, Mike I’m here… got any good news?”
Mike explained how he had poured over the alien blueprints and maybe, just maybe, there was a chance they could override the main computer on board Pegasus by placing a by-pass jumper module across the memory circuit. This might allow the master computer to reprogram the destination back to the Washington, D.C. and arrive on Wednesday December 7, 2012. There was a slim chance they could return to the twenty-first century. The drawback to Mike’s plan was the jumper module needed. From the drawing, Mike deduced the module must be round, made of solid gold, not fourteen-karat, not eighteen-karat, but twenty-four karat gold. The disk had to be exactly 1-7/8 inch in diameter. “We’re goners,” the Captain said out loud without thinking. “Sorry, I did not mean to get so pessimistic Mike, but we have no solid gold. We might have a ring or two, a couple of Olive’s earrings and maybe a gold neck chain, but fourteen karat is about as good as we have. Any ideas?”
“Yeah, a couple Captain. I figured you would not have the gold, so I looked up the history of Texas. It seems that in the early part of the nineteenth century, the Spanish had a Mission del Celina situated exactly where the city of Celina, Texas is presently located. If you could find this mission it is possible the Padres might have some solid gold objects that you could use to fabricate the golden disk.”
“Good idea Mike, we…”
Before allowing the Captain to finish Mike added, “Hold on Captain, I have not given you the bad news. You must be very careful. The priests of that era had little luck converting the Native Americans, or Indians as they were then called, of your area to Christianity. All the Indians wanted to do was steal the mission’s cattle, horses and slaughter and mutilate the inhabitants. They showed little respect to the priests. I cannot emphasis enough the dangers Captain!! You mentioned those fires outside Pegasus in the woods – watch your step Captain that smoke may not be from peace pipes. The Internet article said the Mission del Celina was totally wiped out in the early part of the 1800s by a renegade band of Native Americans, probably Comanches. Most all the settlers, including the Padre at the Mission were murdered.” 
“Comanches,” said the Captain, “those people are not deserving of the name ‘Native Americans’, those savages are pure dee ole war paint wearing Indians, the murdering, scalping, cutthroat kind of Indians. We’ll get back with you later Mike, contact us if you find out anything new... Thank you Mike.”
“Wait Captain,” replied Mike. “I have not told you ALL the information about the disc – yes it has to be exactly 1-7/8 inches in diameter and 1/4 inches thick. Its face must be divided into four equal sections: one section must bear the resemblance of a man’s head; the second must be a lion; the third represents a bull and the fourth an eagle. The dividing line between the sections must be raised exactly 1/16 of an inch with the dividing lines touching the outer edge at twelve o’clock, three o’clock, six o’clock and at nine o’clock. A laser scanner is built into the master computer that will read these symbols. The dividing line, somehow, routs the electrical charge through the disc in some unknown sequence of pulses that are read by the computer. If you will notice Captain Scarburg, there is a slot on the front of the computer console, insert the disc there when, and if, you get one fabricated. If all goes well when you insert the disc, you should then be able to change the gauges to the correct GPS coordinates and the date can be changed back to 2012.”
The blood had all but drained from the Captain’s face as he turned to his group with a trembling voice and said, “You all heard Mike. We are between a rock and a hard place. The only hope we have to fix this infernal machine is with that solid gold disc.”
“Grandpa, did anything that Mike say make sense to you?”
“Oh yes, I know precisely what the disc must look like. I have seen those symbols many times before. We can do this if we can find the gold. I’m going to try to make my way to the Mission del Celina and see if I can find some solid gold that we might be able to use.”
“Count me in too Captain,” said Rocky.
Bud, Lou and Forrest were eager to go also, but the Captain reminded them that someone had to say behind and protect Olive Marie.  “Ah Grandpa, she will be fine, you know Pegasus is going to be invisible, so no one will be able to see it, and besides even if they found our time-machine they could not get inside. Pegasus is built practically like a bank vault. Please let us go with you? You and Rocky might need some extra help.” 
“On second thought you may be right Forrest, you are the only one here that can speak Spanish. That Padre at the Mission, if it is still there, probably cannot converse in English – you can come with us and be the interpreter, but the rest of you guys must stay here and protect Olive Marie. And make sure Lady stays inside don’t let her out either. They would have her barbecued over one of their fires before you would realize she was gone. She would be only two good bites for those murdering savages.” 
For the next few minutes, they all engaged in a strategy session. The Captain, Rocky and Forrest would exit Pegasus and head east. The Captain explained that, in the 1963 world, there was a Texas Farm to Market Road Number 604 just past that grove of mesquite trees where all the smoke was coming from. He explained a left turn past the trees, and modern day Celina was up that road about two miles. His reasoned the town must have been built around the old Mission. If the Mission had not been destroyed that is where they should find the Padre. Checking the automatic pistol in his coat pocket the Captain, Rocky and Forrest were ready to begin their trek to find the Mission. The last instruction was to Bud and Lou: “Keep a sharp lookout through the porthole and open the hatch when you see us return, and look after your sister,” said the Captain.  

SEEKING THE MISSION 

As the three neared the hardwood, pine and mesquite trees growing close to what would later become the Double Pond Lake Captain Scarburg could see the smoke he earlier saw was coming from fires burning around an encampment of Indians; although not versed in the Indian culture – these were Comanches he supposed based on the information from Mike. Dozens of tepees were scattered among the trees, and numerous Indians, in buckskins, were milling about the fires sharpening their knives, or repairing and cleaning their weapons. At the edge of the camp dozens of Indian ponies had been hobbled… beautiful mustangs – spotted appaloosas, paints and many were solid colored with every variation imaginable. Quite a few had white circles drawn around their eyes; others had white prints of their Indian masters hands embossed on their magnificent bodies with paint. Some even had their manes braided with eagle feathers. The animals were handsome, with excellent feet and legs, with as much savvy as any horses that ever lived. Height ranged from thirteen to sixteen hands; weight appeared to be 700 to 1,000 pounds. Even considering modern times, thought Captain Scarburg, those have to be the most magnificent examples of equine flesh ever bred. 
“Shhh”, the Captain quietly said placing his finger to his lips. He pointed to a group of women working close to the edge of the camp engaged in what appeared to be scraping, cleaning and tanning of buffalo hides. Tiptoeing along the soft, pine needle, strewn ground they soon found themselves past the band of Comanches. Quickly they hid within the woods on the other side.

BUD, I’M THIRSTY

“Bud, Lou do we have any water? I’m thirsty. I have not had anything to drink since we left the Ponderosa early this morning.”
Bud annoyingly answered, “No Olive, we haven’t either, but it is too dangerous to go outside Pegasus…”
“Bud, please just let me go outside, and get some snow, and we will melt that. Isn’t that a good idea?”
“No! That is not a good idea.” Giving it a bit of though he replied, “Okay, I might slip outside and get a few handfuls of snow.” He said pressing the “OPEN” button on the hatch. The door hissed as it opened and the air escaped from the inside of Pegasus as Bud, Lou and Olive Marie huddled close to the opening ready to scurry down the ladder to the ground.
The door wasn’t half open when Bud exclaimed, “Oh no!!”
Looking at Bud with surprise, “What? What is it Bud?”
They had been transported back in time over two hundred and fifty years, but on that Wednesday December the 7th in the year 1812 it HAD NOT snowed! The ground was snow-free.
Shutting the hatch, Bud looked at Olive Marie with disappointment, “I’m sorry Sis, maybe Grandpa will bring some water back. They know we do not have anything to drink. Here, Olive, take my jacket, lie down and try to get some rest, you too Lou. Let’s all take it easy Grandpa will be back shortly. If we could get some sleep we will forget about being thirsty.”

MISSION DEL CELINA

“What do you think?” Forrest said to his Grandpa as they lay behind the moss-covered log at the edge of the cleared settlement gazing across to the mud walls of Mission del Celina. The whole area in and around the Mission was littered with dead bodies, arrows protruding from many of them. Some exhibited hideous knife or spear wounds. Most of the mutilated bodies appeared to have been scalped. Glowing embers of one covered wagon could be seen smoldering and burning with its driver lying dead, his hands still grasping the leather reins to a team of non-existent horses. A misty ground fog enveloped the whole area giving it an eerie, ghoulish look.  
Whispering Grandpa answered, “I don’t know Forrest, it appears everyone has been massacred by the Indians. They have killed all the people around the Mission.” Reaching into his coat pocket, he removed the Army pistol, “Come, let’s slip across this clearing and see if anyone could still be alive inside the church.”
The massive oak doors screeched on rusty hinges as they were slowly pushed open. Captain Scarburg motioned with his hand for Forrest and Rocky to hold back as he slipped inside with the pistol held high in his right hand. The interior of the Mission was dark, and the air was crisp and cold. There was a musty smell as if one had entered a deep cavern. A hint of burning embers hung heavily in the air. A step or two inside Captain Scarburg could see barely into the dimness, the church appeared empty. Turning to Forrest and Rocky he motioned for them to enter.
The three hesitantly walked down the center aisle of the church toward the alter at the front. The Captain carried the automatic pistol ready to swing it into action if the need arose. The sound of their boots echoed off the adobe walls as they slowly, step by step, approaching the pulpit. A glimmer of sunlight from a small window high up in the eve of the church illuminated the rock floor in and around the holy sanctuary. The significance of this ray of light did not go unnoticed by the uninvited intruders.
From a hidden recess within the shadows at the rear of the sanctuary, a rustling sound was heard. Drawing his pistol into firing position, the Captain was surprised when he heard the specter say, “Si, mi hijo le puedo agudar?
“Who is there? Show yourself or I will shoot!”
“Hold up Grandpa, I believe it is the Padre. He is asking if he might help us.”
“Forrest, tell him to come out into the light.”
The priest, cloaked in a heavy brown robe bound at the middle with a simple, hemp woven rope, slowly walked across the room to greet the three strangers. Approaching, he kept his face hidden by the robe’s large hood. Bowing, without looking his visitors in the eye, he made the sign of the cross and said, “Que el Dios universal, estar contigo.” 
The Captain looking at Forrest, “What’s he saying?” 
“The best I can understand he is saying he wants the God of the Universe to be with us.”
“Tell him thanks. We certainly need all the help we can get.”
Forrest explained to the Padre their desire for some solid gold. With his head still bowed the Priest questioned the need for such an object? Forrest was stumped. How could he tell this man of God he needed the Padre’s gold to repair a time-machine that would allow them to leave 1812 and return to 2012, but he had to tell the priest something. 
The best Forrest could come up with was a story that Forrest was traveling with a group of settlers, and while crossing a river they lost all their supplies. They had seen an Indian encampment and thought with gold they might be able to trade for some provisions. Forrest explained they had seen the Indian women cleaning buffalo skins and figured they must have fresh or dried buffalo meat.
With this revelation, the Padre became quite agitated. Raising his head, he revealing two large, black almond eyes. He looked at his visitors in the face and said in plain English, “Captain, is this the best story you guys can come up with?”
“What! Anhur! You rascal… I should have known you would be around when we needed our skins saved.” The Captain happily said grasping the “Padre” by the arm.
After greeting the Captain, Forrest and Rocky, Anhur informed them this particular band of Indians was extremely savage. He explained they were the Penatekas Band of Comanches with a chief named Wahaatu Tasiwoo or Two Buffalo. Two Buffalo had recently raided this very Mission, killed the Padre, and stole the only gold object that the Mission possessed – a solid gold crucifix.
“Yes, Anhur it is this crucifix we seek. We must make a golden disc to insert into our time-machine in order to return home to the twenty-first century.” 
“Yes, I am aware of the disc you need,” knowingly Anhur responded. However, Anhur warned them about this band, and under no circumstances were they to deal with Two Buffalo – he was a murdering savage. Many within his band were captured Chiricahua Apaches. The Apache were just as blood thirsty as the Comanche. Before saying good-by Anhur remarked to Captain Scarburg – “My friend, if you get within the Indian encampment, find the young son of Two Buffalo – he will be the one to whom you seek, not his father.”

RED WOLF

Bud and Lou were sound asleep in the control room of Pegasus. Olive Marie was not asleep. She was thirsty, and she was not in the control room. She had pretended to be asleep only to slip outside and make her way down to the beaver pond for a good, cold, refreshing drink of water.
Lying on her stomach, lips immersed in the incredibly fresh tasting liquid she never realized she was not alone.
Standing behind, watching her refresh herself drinking the water was a young Comanche brave. The single, eagle feather in his braided hair, and the beads, symbols and stitching on his buckskin shirt indicated he was a chief. But his age seemed to defy this lofty position.
As she continued sipping the cold, invigorating water she had a feeling someone was watching her. Startled, she jumped up from the water’s edge, turned and stood staring, not two feet away, into the young Comanche’s dark brown eyes. His right hand gripped the hilt of a twelve-inch, razor sharp, skinning knife strapped to his waist.
She did not scream - he did not speak.
Olive Marie’s sky blue eyes and blonde hair mesmerized him. This was the first white woman this young Comanche had ever seen, but there was something else about her that enchanted him.
As the shock subsided she angrily asked, “Who are you?” As though he could understand her.
The young man’s face contorted into a frown, and he slapped his right hand against his chest and said, “Ekapitu Tseena.” Grabbing Olive Marie by the arm Ekapitu Tseena or Red Wolf began dragging her from the pond toward the center of his encampment. The women working on the buffalo hides dropped their stone scrappers and rushed to meet the young warrior and Olive Marie. The rest of the band streamed out of their tepees or places of work and quickly encircled the two.
Two Buffalo stood in the center of the mass of Indians as Red Wolf savagely pushed Olive Marie into his presence. Red Wolf was indeed, Two Buffalo’s son. Red Wolf explained how he had found the white woman drinking water at the edge of the pond. No, Red Wolf said, responding to his father question, he did not see anyone else. Two Buffalo shouted demands at Olive Marie who could only stand and listen to his rants – obviously she did not understand a word he was saying.
One of the Indians standing at the edge of the circle was ordered to join the chief and his son in the center of the circle. The Comanche summoned was Soobe Tamu or Long Rabbit. Long Rabbit was the exact person Olive Marie needed at that precise moment. Soobe Tamu could speak English, French, Spanish and four other Indian dialects. He was Chief Two Buffalo’s interpreter.
“Who was this white female?” The Chief asked through Long Rabbit. That was simple, she answered - Olive Marie Scarburg. Olive knew the next questions were going to be tougher - Where was she from? Washington, D.C. - this did not sit well with the Chief. The penetrating stare the Chief was giving her let her know in no uncertain terms that this was not the correct answer. Long Rabbit asked Olive Marie if she were traveling with anyone – Olive Marie stood silently looking at the stern face of Wahaatu Tasiwoo. She knew she could not with clear conscious answer this question. Two Buffalo requested Long Rabbit to ask Olive Marie the same question again. Again, she stood defiantly silent. Indian men do not take kindly to lowly women rebuking them – Two Buffalo stepped forward and with his back of his hand struck Olive Marie in the face. The blow was so hard she was knocked from her feet. She lay prone on the cold dirt, although dazed, she could hear a shout coming from somewhere behind the throng of now agitated Indians that began to encircle her. “Leave her alone,” the voice in the distance demanded in English. “Do not touch her again or I will kill you!!”
“What?” Thought Olive. “I recognize that voice!”
It was Rocky – he began to run to Olive Marie’s rescue, but a Comanche brave withdrew an arrow from his quiver, placed it in his bow, stepped into Rocky’s path and swiftly shot the arrow at Rocky – the arrow buried deep within his right shoulder. Rocky sprawled on the ground anguishing in pain as the mass of Comanches, with axes and hatchets drawn began racing toward the three intruders. Obviously their intent was to transform the three unwelcomed whitemen from their earthly bodies into ghostly beings so they could go meet their forefathers. In other words, they were to be killed!! 
Captain Scarburg seeing the imminent threat withdrew his pistol and fired two rounds into the air – the explosive reports from the old 1911 Colt .45 caliber stopped the Indians dead still in their moccasins. They had seen firearms before, but never one so up close and personal. To them this weapon was magic, but they knew of its death dealing properties. The Captain and Forrest pulled Rocky up on his feet and began to make their way toward the center of the circle where Olive Marie still lay weeping on the ground.  
As the three walked toward the crowd of Comanches, the Captain waved the Colt pistol back and forth. Intimidated, the Indians stepped back making an opening allowing them access to their Chief unimpeded.
The Chief was impressive – tall, bronze skinned, standing with arms crossed, feet spread, jet black, braided hair covered by a full, eagle feathered headdress that flowed from his head to the ground. He was an imposing person to see, but the first thing that caught Captain Scarburg’s eye was the golden crucifix hanging around Two Buffalo’s neck. It was a beautiful object, shining brilliantly in the light. The Captain recognized this religious symbol of Christianity must assuredly be solid gold – but how could he obtain it?
Helping Olive Marie to her feet he asked, “Olive does anyone here speak English?” She nodded her head and pointed at Soobe Tamu.
“He does, his name is Long Rabbit.”
Captain Scarburg turned to the Chief and pointed the pistol directly at Two Buffalo’s chest. “Long Rabbit tell the Chief we are sorry for the intrusion into his camp – we mean him no harm.” After a couple of back and forth retorts between the Captain and Two Buffalo, the Captain inquired as to the possibility of a trade for the golden crucifix. The Captain realized if old western movies were any gauge of reality, negotiation was a back and forth affair to the Indians. To them this was the fun part of trading. The more time it took the more they enjoyed the bartering. The Captain did not have the luxury of time – Rocky was bleeding to death. They needed to obtain the gold cross, and they needed it now. They needed to change it quickly into a golden disc, repair Pegasus and get Rocky to a doctor.
Long Rabbit realized the Captain wanted the crucifix hanging around the Chief’s neck, but Long Rabbit also knew it would take something extraordinary to entice Two Buffalo to part with it. Long Rabbit suggested a trade – he believed Two Buffalo might be willing to trade the golden cross for the Captain’s magnificent pistol.
At first the Captain would not consider this trade – he could not let the Comanches have a modern firearm – his Colt automatic, but on further thought he realized Rocky’s life was more valuable than his old gun, and the Colt’s magazine only held seven rounds. He had used one bullet when he killed the Secret Service agent in the basement of the Murdock estate, and he fired two more just a few minutes ago – there were only four rounds remaining in the gun. The Captain figured Two Buffalo could not do much harm with four bullets, and it will be a hundred years or more in the future before anyone would be able to refill the Colt’s magazine with new bullets.
While this exchange was taking place between Captain Scarburg and Long Rabbit from the shadows behind Two Buffalo out stepped the Comanche Chief’s young son Red Wolf, he extended his hand to Olive Marie as a gesture of friendship. Speaking through Long Rabbit he profusely apologized for his Father’s slap, and especially for the rough treatment he had given her as he pulled her from the pond.
Olive Marie was hesitant to accept his apologies. When Long Rabbit translated Red Wolf’s words Olive Marie defiantly crossed her arms and turned her back toward him. Not used to a woman’s insolence Red Wolf was flustered and was hesitant to offer a final attempt, but he relented. He said Olive Marie’s friend was dying – and he could help. He explained the Comanche’s medicine man, Broken Wing, had attended many, many wounded warriors. Red Wolf thought Broken Wing could perform his healing skills on Rocky and his life might be saved. This immediately got Olive Marie’s attention. She listened intently to every word Long Rabbit had to say.
She knew first and foremost, it was imperative that medical personnel minister to Rocky as soon as possible. She knew the arrow in his shoulder must be removed. Its removal could not wait for the gold to be melted, the 1-7/8 inch by-pass module constructed, Pegasus’s computers reset, and the final trip home. Rocky would have bled to death long before they could arrive back in Washington – that was assuming they ever got back to D. C. Knowing this she reluctantly accepted his apology, but not before she asked for a couple of favors – first she wanted Red Wolf to ask his Father to trade his crucifix for her Grandpa’s pistol, and she further requested Red Wolf let them use the Comanche’s hot, roaring fire to melt the gold cross into the disc to repair Pegasus.
Red Wolf’s piercing brown eyes looked questioningly at Olive Marie... he peered deep within her blue eyes... it was as if he were seeing into her soul... what did he see? Turning to Two Buffalo his father, Red Wolf nodded his approval...
Following the trade of the Captain’s 1911 automatic pistol for the Chief’s golden crucifix the two ‘Chiefs’, Two Buffalo and Captain Scarburg took a seat around the campfire. Two Buffalo removed a beautifully carved ‘peace pipe’ from its ornately beaded pouch and packed its bowl with leaves from a tobacco plant. As he reached toward the burning fire for an ember to light the pipe Captain Scarburg grabbed his arm. Startled, Two Buffalo turned quickly to admonish the Captain, but was surprised to see the shiny chrome Zippo in Grandpa’s hand. With a flip of his thumb, the Captain fired up his trusty, old lighter and touched the flame to the bowl end of the pipe. Two Buffalo was astounded! He could not remove his eyes from the beautiful little lighter with the Special Forces emblem on the side.
The interest in the Zippo did not go without notice. Captain Scarburg motioned Long Rabbit to tell Two Buffalo he wished to give the lighter to the Chief as a friendship gift. On hearing the interpreter’s words, Two Buffalo jumped to his feet, withdrew his razor sharp, ten inch long skinning knife from its scabbard at his waist and brandished it at Captain Scarburg. What! What did I do to make him so angry? Before the Captain had time to ponder this development Two Buffalo flipped his skinning knife into the air and caught it by its blade. He placed the knife on his forearm with the handle facing the Captain and spoke a few words – Long Rabbit explained – Two Buffalo is giving you his knife in exchange for your shiny fire maker. 
The time was 6:30 p.m., Wednesday December 7, 1812.

GRANDPA, FORREST AND ROCKY RETURN

“Wake up Lou! Wake up! Olive Marie is gone!”
Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, Lou glanced around the interior of Pegasus and exclaimed, “What? Where could she have gone? Is Lady still here?”
“Water, Lou, water. She went outside to that pond. Come on we have to go get her or Grandpa is going to kill us! I tried to call her on her cell, but something is wrong with the Pegasus communication center. It is not working, or she does not have her phone turned on, but we have one piece of luck – Lady is lying asleep over by the console.”
As the hatch came open Bud and Lou could see off in the distance toward the pond a group of people walking toward them. Oh no, they thought, the Indians had somehow had found them out!! As they nearer, Bud was relieved; he realized it was Grandpa and Forrest supporting Rocky between them. Following closely, thankfully, was Olive Marie. Were the others a couple of Indians and a Priest?
Scurrying down the ladder Bud and Lou hurried to greet the returned group. As they neared they could see Rocky was injured, and the wound seemed serious.
“Grandpa!” Bud yelled as they got closer, “Are you all okay?”
“We’re okay, but Rocky is wounded pretty badly. All the rest of us are fine.”
Bud started to ask ‘who the rest’ were, but taking the last few steps to greet his Grandpa he could clearly see one was a young Indian, the other an older Indian and bringing up the rear a brown robed priest. “What the...?” Bud exclaimed as he approached the group.
“Bud, Lou this is Red Wolf. He speaks no English, but without his help we would not have been able to obtain the gold we needed to make the disc to repair Pegasus,” the Captain said removing a crudely made gold disc from his pocket. “He is the son of the chief Two Buffalo the leader of this band of Comanches. His actual name is “Ekapitu Tseena.” Recognizing his name Red Wolf touched his left breast with his clenched right fist. “This other Indian gentleman is the tribe’s interpreter – I do not remember his Indian name, but it translates to Long Rabbit.” 
“I am Soobe Tamu,” said the interpreter bowing to Bud and Lou.
“Red Wolf and Long Rabbit helped us obtain the gold and they assisted in the making of this golden disc. I know the object isn’t perfectly made, but I’m hoping it is good enough to work in the computer.” 
“Where did you find this priest Grandpa?” Bud said motioning toward the hooded Padre.
We did not find him Bud – I believe if the truth be known, he found us.”
“What? I don’t understand Grandpa.”
“Look at this man closely... this ‘Priest’ may be someone you know,” the Captain said removing the large hood covering the ‘Padre’s’ head and face. A beam of sunlight passing between the limbs of a nearby tree fell directly on the ‘priest’s’ face, revealing a chubby face with a pair of large, black almond eyes.
“Greeting, my good friends. It is good to see you again.”
“Anhur!! Where in the world did you come from...?”
Before answering Olive Marie Anhur turned to the two Comanches. Speaking to them in their native tongue the two nodded in agreement. “I have asked them to join you inside your time-machine. They seem frightened but agreed.” Turning back to the Captain Anhur spoke, “You know my planet Sunev’s law prohibits me from becoming directly involved with your destiny, but one thing I can say - your destiny was decided long, long before today.”

MILLARAYH

The two Comanche Indians were indeed frightened; perhaps amazed and awed would be a better description; spell bound also might have been more appropriate. Motioning with their arms and talking non-stop they truly had never seen anything like the inside of Pegasus. They were especially enthralled with Lady, the little sable and white dog.
Anhur speaking again to the two Indians calmed them down. He turned to the Captain, “Now Captain, please try your fabricated golden disc. You need to get on with the repair of your time-machine.” Anhur’s words to the Captain hinted he doubted the success of their homemade by-pass gold module.
Placing the gold disc into the small computer slot, the Captain snapped the computer switch into the ‘ON’ position and watched the instrument gauges to see if any changes were evident. He could see no difference. The Captain removed the disc, rubbed it to remove any dirt or debris that might have been on it. Inserted again it once more proved to be defective. “By-ned, now we are in for it! Our feeble attempt at fabricating the by-pass module has failed miserably! This piece of gold junk is not going to work. Bud call Mike and let him know our situation.”
“Sorry Grandpa, we tried a little while ago – the communication system does not seem to be working.”
“I’m at my wits end. I do not have another solution. Without talking to Mike, I’m afraid we are doomed.” 
Red Wolf watched Olive in amazement. Approaching Olive Marie he began speaking so fast Long Rabbit had a hard time following. When he finally stopped talking Captain Scarburg looked to Long Rabbit for an explanation. Long Rabbit explained Red Wolf was saying he had something he wanted to give to Olive Marie.
“Yes, what is it?” She replied with anticipation.
From inside his buckskin shirt Red Wolf withdrew a leather cord with a small pouch attached. Slowly he removed the bead covered pouch and cord from his neck, dropped to one knee he opened the bag and removed an object and placed it into Olive’s hand, folding her fingers tightly over it, and remained on his knee with head bowed, mumbling unintelligible words.   
“What is he saying Long Rabbit?” Asked Olive Marie.
“He say you ‘Millarayh’ the one prophesized by ancient Comanche shaman many, many moons ago.
“What is the meaning of this name?”
Long Rabbit answered, “Name ‘Millarayh’ mean ‘Golden One’. Ancient legend say Comanche shaman got gold object from ‘riders from the sky’. The old shaman gave Red Wolf grandfather’s, grandfather’s, grandfather leather pouch with round gold object. Shaman say gold hair woman with fair skin like a summer morning and eyes like the sky would appear after many, many moons. The gold object was to be given to golden one with hair like sunshine. Red Wolf say you are Golden One.” 
As the translation finished Olive Marie opened her hand and looked down at a finely crafted, round golden disc divided into four sections: The first section resembled a man’s head, the second a lion, the third a bull and the fourth an eagle. “Grandpa, look... this is similar to the by-pass module you just made!!” She said handing it to Captain Scarburg.
“By-ned...by-ned... not just similar, it is exactly what we need.” Slipping the beautifully crafted amulet into the computer slot, the lights began to flash, a distinct hum could be heard coming from inside the console and the communication system began beeping. Quickly changing the setting on the ‘DEPARTURE’ and ‘ARRIVAL’ gauges he turned to the assembled group and said, “Everything’s working... in five minutes we are leaving. Get Red Wolf and Long Rabbit out the hatch and back to the ground. I don’t believe Washington is ready for these guys... well actually I don’t believe these guys are ready for Washington. Anhur you... whoa!!” Looking around the inside of Pegasus, “Where is Anhur?”
Anhur was gone.
“Grandpa,” said Olive Marie, “it appears the master computer has been reset, try removing Red Wolf’s golden amulet from the console and determine if Pegasus will still operate correctly. If so, please let’s give the golden disk back to Red Wolf by rights it is his. It has been passed down at least five or six generations within his tribe.” 
Handing the golden object to Ekapitu Tseena, Olive Marie asked Long Rabbit to translate, “This is a token of friendship between you and I. Give it to your son and he to his son and he to his son and let them wear it for as long as the grass shall grow and the rivers flow. Every time you touch it remember me – I am from the future, but we will be friends always.”  
Descending the ladder to the ground Red Wolf and Long Rabbit quickly walked away from Pegasus. They stopped and watched in amazement as the winds began to swirl and the static electricity began to crackle. The melodious notes from the bagpipe’s rendition of Amazing Grace filled the surrounding air of the ancient cow pasture, which utterly astounded the two Indians. Even the Indians in the encampment stopped and were amazed at the beautiful sound as the pipes resonated through the trees and across the water of the pond.
In a few seconds, Pegasus disappeared into nothingness. Suddenly there was a brilliant flash of blue light that temporarily blinded the two Indians. The two Comanches stood silent and gazed at each other trying somehow to understand what they had just witnessed. Long Rabbit rubbed his eyes, but Red Wolf gently rubbed the round golden object hanging on his neck suspended by the rawhide cord. Looking at the object in his hand, he recognized the man’s head, the lion, the bull and the eagle. It was his beautiful golden disc.
If Red Wolf had not been admiring his neck ornament as he walked back to his encampment, he could have looked into the nearby bushes and saw partially hidden behind the branches two large, black, almond shaped eyes. Underneath the eyes were the edges of a slight smile on the upturned corners of his mouth.
The time was 7:30 p.m., Wednesday December 7, 1812.

Chapter Fifty-Five
HOMECOMING

The haze and smoke slowly dissipated in the basement laboratory of SCAR headquarters. Pegasus sat in the middle of the launch facility.
“Push the service platform up next to the hatch - I believe our time travelers have returned,” instructed Mike Watkins, Pegasus’s Flight Director.
Wiping a tear from her eye, Baba rushed up to Mike and asked excitedly, “What’s happening Mike, why didn’t the time-machine leave? And listen, there’s that sweet hymnal music again. Tell me what’s happening Mike?”
“Oh, Pegasus did leave Baba. What we are witnessing and hearing is its return from the Dallas mission plus a minor detour it had taken.”
“But it’s only been a few seconds since Bob kissed me goodbye. I know I’m not dreaming, my handkerchief is still wet from my tears.” 
“Baba, without getting into a lot of Astro, Quantum or Theoretical physics just let me say time as we know it, is not a straight line. Moving from one Parallel Universe to another is similar to opening a door and going into another room. Yes, to you and me, Captain Scarburg has only been gone a few seconds, but he has physically spent the last three days in or around Dallas, Texas; however, he spent this time in another universe. In fact, he actually spent time in two different universes.”
The sound of the bagpipes was beginning to fade, and the hissing sound of escaping air had diminished signaling the hatch was about to open. “Hurry up fellows, get that platform up to the hatch so we can get our voyagers back on this good old terra firma.”
One by one the time-travelers exited Pegasus onto the service platform. Each, in turn, stepped outside and as if in a dream looked around the room. The first ones to come out were Bud and Lou supporting the wounded Rocky whose shoulder had been dressed and bound by the Comanche medicine man. Rocky had his arm in a makeshift buckskin sling. 
Baba looking at Rocky slowly being helped down the service platform, “Bud, what’s wrong with Rocky?” Baba asked. “He is hurt!” 
“Hey, Baba...” answered Bud, “Yes, Rocky needs a doctor, but we believe he is going to be okay. I’ll explain later.”
Olive Marie was next to come down the steps… Baba was beside herself as she ran to the bottom of the metal platform and embraced her granddaughter. Forrest was next to last to exit. Finally, all were outside standing at the foot of the service platform, looking back toward Pegasus’s hatch. Waiting... waiting for... suddenly all Baba could see was the brim of an old, brown, sweat stained, tattered cowboy hat poking out from the open hatch. It was the Captain. The Captain was home, but wait, what was he carrying? A dog? Yes, a beautiful, miniature sheepdog.
Baba greeted the Captain with a big kiss, but she was puzzled... where was Lonnie Joe? He did not come down the steps. She was especially worried after seeing the wounded Rocky coming down the steps. Was Lonnie Joe dead? Was he left behind wounded? Looking to the Captain, without explanation, he just replied, “He did not make it back.” 
The time was 2:57:30 p.m., Wednesday, December 7, 2012.

EVERYONE TO THE CONFERENCE ROOM...AGAIN

The excitement in Captain Scarburg’s conference room could be hardly contained. It seemed as if all were talking at the same time. Each had his or her own story to tell, and it seemed, surely, there would not be enough time to allow everyone to explain, in detail, his or her part in the Dallas mission.
The Captain walked to the podium and rapped his hand down on the top with enough force the room suddenly became quiet as a church mouse walking on cotton. “Okay, listen up everyone. There will be sufficient opportunity for all to speak, and I know everyone will have an exciting story to tell. Rest assured, you will all get your opportunity to talk. Our escapade back to Dallas was an enormous success as far as I can see. That is why we all are assembled this afternoon. We must find out what our next step will be with the information we found concerning the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. Krissy is recording our entire meeting so everyone will get a chance to brief the group, but before we begin I see we have someone missing.”
Glancing around the room everyone wanted to see whom the Captain was talking about.
“Mike, why didn’t Mr. Rousseau come upstairs for this meeting? I thought he would understand the outcome of this meeting could concern him and the future flights of Pegasus. I especially want to question him about the wrong setting on the main flight computer and his involvement with MK-ULTRA and the CIA, and last, but not least I want to introduce you all to Lady.”
Motioning with his hand the Captain continued, “Lady is this beautiful, little dog. She didn’t have a ticket, but obviously she wanted to stow away with us on our return trip.”
Lady was lying at Captain Scarburg’s feet and wasn’t much interested in the meeting, or her part in it, but at the mention of her name she raised her head and her two ears popped up as tho’ she was expecting the Captain to involve her further. Seeing she was not going to receive any more of the Captain’s attention she dropped her head back down to the floor and resumed her nap.
Someone in the group made the remark that she sure was a perky little beauty to be forty-nine years old, and in dog years, she would be roughly over two hundred years old!! “Gosh,” they said, “that’s got to be a world’s record.”
“Yes, no doubt... but a record Guinness will never hear about nor get to publish in their book. Only those of us in this room will ever know how we came to get Lady. Now Mike what about Rousseau?”
“Captain, you keep speaking of this man you call Rousseau - who are you referring to? We don’t have anyone by that name working in the laboratory. In fact, there is no one working for SCAR with the name Rousseau.”
“Oh, come on Mike, I’m talking about Ryan. Mr. Ryan Rousseau, SCAR’s Chief of Experimental Design and the Flight Director for Pegasus. What’s the joke Mike?”
“Joke? Joke Captain? There isn’t any joke. Captain you of all people should know I have been the Chief of Experimental Design since SCAR was founded, and the Flight Director from the day we first developed the Lightning Bolt or Pegasus as we now call her now. I don’t know what to tell you Captain, but there is no Ryan Rousseau in the lab. Do you suppose the time jump, somehow, has affected your memory?”
“Wait a minute... by-ned wait a minute. Sam Lin, Si Lei I know you remember him! I sent you to Bangkok to do background research on Ryan Rousseau. You brought back detailed information on his involvement with the MK-ULTRA mind-control experiments and his work with Lee Harvey Oswald. Surely you both remember this? You don’t deny this do you?”
Sam Lin answered, “No Captain, you are correct we did investigate Mr. Rousseau – we never really understood why, but we found out he left the CIA at the end of the Vietnam War and went to work for the Secret Service guarding the President here in Washington. Our report further stated he had always wanted to be a Secret Service agent ever since his brother was killed in Dallas at the time of the Kennedy assassination in November 1963. He was ashamed of his conduct while working for the CIA and wanted to do something worth while for his country to honor the memory of his slain brother.”
Captain Scarburg quickly answered, “You must be mistaken! There were only two people killed in Dallas in November 1963 – President Kennedy and Officer J. D. Tippit. There were no Secret Service agents killed!”
“Ryan Rousseau was assigned as one of the Agents guarding President Ronald Regan on Monday, March 30, 1981 when John Hinckley, Jr. attempted to shoot President Regan after a speaking engagement at the Washington Hilton Hotel right here in D. C. Mr. Rousseau threw himself between John Hinckley’s bullet and President Regan – he was killed instantly. The country declared him a national hero and buried him with honors at Arlington National Cemetery. Captain, he has never worked a day for SCAR.”
“This can’t be... this can’t be...” the Captain bowed over the podium and placed his head within his hands... saying... “How can this be?” Looking up from the podium he spoke to the group but to no one in particular. “Am I going crazy? Does anyone else remember Rousseau? Or is Mike right, did my time-leaps erase part of my memory.”
Forrest was the first to speak. “Grandpa, you are not nuts, well maybe a bit,” he said smiling, “but you’re right there was a Ryan Rousseau in charge of the Pegasus launch facility when we left. Those of us on the Dallas Pegasus flight knew him; however, it’s obvious we returned to a different Universe, a Universe in which Mr. Rousseau led an entirely different life. Remember when we were sitting around talking at Clem and Penelope’s house back in 1963, uh... well actually, a couple of nights ago... and we were all explaining how you and Anhur rescued Sis and me from the basement of the Clint Murdock mansion? You talked about how saddened you were over the Secret Service agent you had just killed, remember?”
“Yeah, never will forget that man’s death... his name was... uh... uh... oh no!! It was… was… Rousseau!! Don’t tell me... that was Ryan Rousseau’s brother?” 
“I’m afraid you are probably right Captain. Have you forgotten your constant warning to us before we jumped back to 1963 - ‘small changes in the past may affect large changes in the future?’ I think this is exactly what happened, you killed Ryan Rousseau’s brother!”
“Well that means we did not jump back to the Universe in which we left. We arrived in another Universe in which President Kennedy was killed also. A Universe in which those of you who remained behind did not know Mr. Rousseau, but we really do not know what caused this time shift, nor which Universe we were in, do we?”
Before anyone could answer, his mind drifted back to that dark, snowy night in the basement of the Murdock mansion - the flash of blue light that had occurred when the Secret Service agent fell down the steps to the concrete floor. Yes, he thought, Anhur saw it too, the flash of blue light – at that moment the Universe switched courses. Yes, of course - that was it! But wait, there was another Universe change at the time we left from the camp of Two Buffalo.
“Oh,” said Captain Scarburg. “That last Universe shift – is President Kennedy alive or dead?”
Someone answered, “Dead”.
“Well by-ned, thank goodness, I really do not know which Universe we ended up it, do any of you?” 
“No,” answered Spook. “It really does not matter Captain - someday we may know what caused the space-time-continuum to shift but for our purposes, we can satisfactorily live with the Universe we are presently in. Lets continue I would love to hear more about you and the teams Dallas exploits and your discoveries.”

Chapter Fifty-Six
THE LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL

This story had a beginning, middle and an end. The conclusion, the final act of this intriguing tale is close at hand – close enough to begin to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
They were all sitting in the conference room gleeful over their safe return from Dallas - Forrest, Olive Marie, Bud, Lou and Jacque ‘Rocky’ Jollett. Krista, Trey, Spook, Tinker, Spook, Sam Lin, Si Lei, Mike Watkins and Baba Scarburg were there too. Last but not least Captain Robert Scarburg, Jr.; however, it was a happy occasion, but sadness was not totally absent; Dr. Lonnie Joe Wheeler was not present but on a brighter note, Lady the little Shetland sheepdog was there.
Captain Scarburg suggested since it was getting late, they should conclude today’s activities, go home, and prepare formal written reports complete with briefing sheets for presentation tomorrow. He requested they all get a decent night’s rest, and reassemble in the conference room tomorrow at 0900 hours. He further stated once all the data was collected and summarized they might be able to come to a decision as to what actually happened in Dallas.
The time was 5:05:30 p.m., Wednesday, December 7, 2012, Parallel Universe: The Present time.

THE END OF THE TUNNEL

The round calendar clock in the right front corner of the conference room was straight up and down nine o’clock. Looking around the table, Captain Scarburg could see that every one that had been present yesterday was once again at the table. Not much conversation was occurring, everyone knew how serious the events of today were to become.
The Captain took the floor and announced how today’s conference was going to proceed. He said each of them would come to the podium and give a complete rundown of their part in the time-jump back to Dallas for the President John F. Kennedy assassination. Everyone was instructed to take as much time as they needed and to leave nothing out. He wanted as complete a report from them as possible.
“Excuse me Grandpa,” said Bud, “but before we get started I have something to say, would you mind?”
“The floor is all yours Bud. What do you have on your mind?”
“After we left last night I went back to my apartment and did some research on the Internet. I found something concerning Olive Marie that is pretty startling.”
At Bud’s announcement everyone’s attention in the room was transfixed on his every word, especially Olive Marie. “Me? What is it Bud?” she said.
He passed a photograph around the table he had downloaded the previous night. “What? This is nothing but a picture of an old Indian. What is its meaning Bud? What does this picture have to do with me?” Olive asked.
Bud answered, “This is a photograph of Geronimo – Chief of the Chiricahua Apache. The picture was taken sometime around 1890.”
“Okay,” said Olive, “but – ”
“Remember the Indians living with the Comanches were captured Chiricahua Apaches when they were camped by the Double Pond Lake in Texas.”
“Right. I’ll ask again, but – ”
“Look closely at Geronimo’s picture. Notice he is holding a Winchester Model 76 repeating rifle in his left hand, and check out his right hand. It is touching something he is wearing around his neck.”
Looking again, Olive Marie exclaimed, “Why! Why it’s my amulet! Geronimo is wearing my amulet that I gave back to Red Wolf! What...? How...?”
“Just guessing,” said Bud, “this picture of Geronimo was taken approximately ninety years after we left – he must be the grand-son or great-grand son of Ekapitu Tseena – your Red Wolf. 
Remember, ‘for as long as the grass grows and the rivers flow.’ I believe Geronimo is sending a message to you across time saying: Olive Marie ‘you have not been forgotten.’
A second picture and an article were circulated to the group around the table. The article reported that during the digging of an oil well on a ranch on the outskirts of Celina, Texas in the 1960s, an old Indian graveyard was discovered. Archeologists from the University of Texas preformed a dig at the site and discovered the objects shown in the second picture.
“Bud, what are these two old rusty looking things?” Olive Marie asked as she turned the photograph first to the right and then to the left. “I can’t make heads or tails of it – what are they supposed to be?”
“Let me read the last paragraph in the report by the Texas Archeological Research Association (TARA) concerning these artifacts: Materials were curated in accordance with current guidelines of the TARA. Artifacts processed in the TARA laboratory were air-dried and stored in zip locking archival-quality bags. Each bag contained provenience information and a corresponding lot number written in archival ink.
The gold, metal object (TARA 66-101) found at the Double Pond burial site northwest of Celina, Texas was subjected to Carbon-14 dating. The official report from the lab indicates the object was buried circa 1810 to 1815.
The object was found around the neck of the skeletal remains of a Native American further identified as belonging to the band known as Comanche, obviously a chief identified by the other burial items.
The metal object was suspended by what once were leather thongs. Microscopic examinations indicate the metal was stainless steel; however, all experts in this field readily agree this is quite impossible. Further speculation cannot be made at this time. Its use is unknown; however, the conclusion is it must have been some type of ceremonial device...’
Of further note, another astounding object (TARA 66-102) was found in the same burial site: it has been identified as a 1911 .45 caliber U.S. Army automatic pistol, circa 1944. Obviously, grave robbers had some time in the past attempted to excavate the burial site and lost the weapon, it is of no use to the further interpretation of the burial site...
FOOTNOTE: Carbon-14 dating on the leather pouch containing the automatic pistol indicates an 1800 – 1820 date. Conclusion: pistol was placed in old pouch and grave robbers, in their haste, lost both before leaving burial site.
Captain Scarburg interrupted, “Olive Marie, let me cut to the chase: those ‘old rusty looking things’ were my Special Forces Zippo lighter that I gave to Two Buffalo, and the other was the .45 caliber pistol that I traded for the golden crucifix.” 

After the shock of the Bud discoveries, Captain Scarburg regained the podium and announced if they were through with their startling revelations he would begin his Dallas briefing, and he did so for the next hour or so.
Nearing the completion of his presentation he revealed his own revelation: “Remember, I told you about the snapshot I took of a person escaping from the Grassy Knoll. A photo I snapped on my first trip to Dallas. You were told our lab had my photo to enlarge the person’s image and, if possible, find out whom the sniper was through their facial recognition program. Well, the lab report is back. They found a conclusive match for our mystery person. She is Natasha Danletsky.”
“Who is she Captain? Was she someone important?”
“I believe you could say that - she was only a Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency achieving the rank of Deputy Director for Operations, second in command to the Directorate of Operations of Covert Affairs.”
“How? When? How could she achieve such a high position within the CIA?”
“Oh, I left out one vital bit of information - she served as a CIA Deputy Director from 1963 to 1969. Funny how those dates coincide with the term of office of President Lyndon Johnson! Well, it’s not strange when I tell it was President Johnson who appointed Ms. Danletsky to her prominent position in December 1963. I see Rocky shaking his head in disbelief. You see we had already identified Ms. Danletsky before you all arrived this morning. LJ and Rocky taped the back room meeting in Jack Ruby’s place between Jack and a few of his closest Mafia chums. In this meeting were two CIA agents, a David Pherson and Danny Danletsky, as the person was called. At the time we believed ‘Danny’ was a man, we now have positively identified this mystery person as Dannie Danletsky - the person sitting in the Carousel Club with Jack Ruby on the 21st of November 1963 was none other than the Grassy Knoll shooter and later Deputy Director of the CIA – Natasha “Dannie” Danletsky! I told you, I thought I had seen her before! I have attended CIA meetings at Langley when she was present, back in the day.”
“Whoa! No wonder the Kennedy investigations never got anywhere. The fox was in charge of the hen house.”
After the discussion and murmuring died down each member of the expedition walked up front and related their experiences and at the end where asked the opinion of the operation. The details provided by the voyagers were specific and in some cases downright suspenseful and nerve racking.
After their briefings of the Dallas expedition had been presented Captain Scarburg said, “I do not know about the rest of you, but what we found is troubling to me. We have found the assassination of President Kennedy had connections to the Mafia, the Cuban freedom fighters, high government officials notwithstanding the Vice-President of the United States and of all people even the Secret Service, an agency who is sworn to and duty bound to protect the President. But last but not least the CIA! They were directly involved! And one of their top level Directors was one of the assassins!!   
“I know we sat out on a fact finding mission to see if the JFK assassination had been a plot or conspiracy. I believe we have answered those questions, without a doubt, but also the agencies and people just mentioned were involved in a conspiracy to kill President Kennedy, I believe they used all means available, up to and including murder to hide this fact from the American people.”
Standing in front of the group, he began to enumerate the group findings:

KNOWN FACTS AND IRREGULARITIES

Some of the things that the Captain talked about concerned the fact that Oswald did NOT act alone. He said numerous witnesses reported seeing more than one gunman; a minimum of four shots was fired at the President. He spelled out that shots came from the Texas School Book Depository, possibly the Dal-Tex Building and the Grassy Knoll. The Captain thought it was possible that a shot might have come from another location that the team did not locate. 
He talked about the video LJ and Rocky recorded from Jack Ruby’s Carousel Club. The video, which confirmed the Cosa Nostra or Mafia was involved and used Ruby’s club as a meeting place. This film shows Ruby was, as least, a supporter of this group. They were upset that Castro had thrown them out of Cuba. The Captain explained how the Cuban Freedom Fighters had become upset with Kennedy over the lack of air-support at the Bay of Pigs.
The video also proved the CIA was a principal player in the assassination also.
The CIA was upset with Kennedy’s plan to dismantle the clandestine organizations. And he continued with the CIA using mind control techniques on Lee Harvey Oswald, and did so for years before the assassination. He explained how the CIA had eliminated anyone who could expose them as an unscrupulous organization.
He said the CIA killed Katrina Sokolov, Dr. Joseph Rusnak and Malita Smith in Bangkok that they were sure of, and assumed they also killed some of the assassins connected with the presidential assassination. The CIA did not want their involvement in this mind control MK- ULTRA project revealed.
The Captain further theorized the plan was to have Oswald killed in the street at the corner of 10th and Patton. He was framed for shooting J. D. Tippit, and the CIA assumed the police would take care of him when caught. He thought it was probable that the CIA later killed the actual shooter of Tippit.
This was supported by spent .38 caliber shells found at the murder scene not matching bullets Oswald had in his handgun when captured. Lou and Bud, at the scene of the Tippit murder, validated Oswald did not murder the police officer.
Based on Lou and Bud at least one Oswald lookalike had been identified, there could have been more.
Captain Scarburg stated that Secret Service personnel were involved in the assassination. It was the Secret Service that imprisoned Forrest and Olive Marie with the intention of killing them after the assassination of President Kennedy.
Forrest and Olive Marie proved President Lyndon Johnson was involved in the plot to kill Kennedy while Johnson served as Vice-President. Other high members of the government were also involved. Rich and powerful business leaders had an interest in the replacement of President Kennedy with Vice President Lyndon Johnson.
The Captain then moved to the Dallas police saying persons within the Dallas police department were not totally innocent. J. D. Tippit was more involved than just being a shooting victim. Tippit was a spitting image of John F. Kennedy. No notes were taken during the autopsy of the President. His medical records were missing even his brain and part of his skull had disappeared. Autopsy photos do not seem to agree with photos of the President’s head. Was Tippit a stand in? Was he killed because they needed a body double? A body double was necessary to ‘prove’ to the public the fatal shot came from the rear!! The shooter in the Grassy Knoll was not supposed to be discovered. 
Turning to the SCAR Kennedy researchers, Captain Scarburg explained, what he considered, the one most damning piece of information the Dallas SCAR team had found. It concerned the Zapruder film, or Z-Film as it was now being called. Holding up the two Bell & Howell Zoomatic eight-millimeter cameras that he, Forrest and Olive Marie had purchased the morning of November 22, he hesitated as if he did not want to explain what he knew about the Z-Film. He began, “We bought two exact duplicates of Abraham Zapruder’s camera the morning of the assassination at the same store Mr. Zapruder purchased his camera. We used the same type Kodachrome II film and Forrest stood within three feet of Mr. Zapruder as they both filmed the Presidential motorcade. I had the film developed after we returned yesterday. This morning I viewed the film Forrest had taken along side the Z-Film – the two are not identical. Mr. Zapruder has stated, for the record that he never released his finger from the ‘record’ button on his camera from the time the Presidential motorcade began the turn from Houston Street onto Elm Street. His film shows that the Cadillac limousine convertible carrying President Kennedy, the First Lady, and Governor and Mrs. Connally moved from the corner in front of the Texas School Book Depository to the exact frame of the fatal wound to the President’s head took exactly 486 frames and 26.2 seconds. 
“This piece of film has been regarded as the ‘Holy Grail’ of the Kennedy assassination. Let me said unequivocally, It Is Not!!” 
The Captain further stated the film Forrest took is 503 frames and runs for 28.4 seconds. Seventeen frames and 2.2 seconds of film have been removed from the ‘official’ Z-Film. 
The first cut occurred as the motorcade turned the corner from Houston onto Elm Street. Elm was not a ninety-degree turn it was 120 degrees. The Presidential driver missed the turn, and the right front wheel ran up on the sidewalk of the island that separated the street directly in front of the TSBD from Elm Street. It was established in testimony later on that the driver had never driven the parade route before and was unaware of the sharp, more than ninety degree, left turn. At that instant, the assassin was supposed to fire the first shot. The tire running over the curb evidently caused the assassin to hesitate his shot.
The second cut of film occurred a few frames later when the second assassin fired and missed. It missed the limousine entirely; it struck the concrete curb, ricocheted and hit the cheek of Mr. Teague. Mr. Teague was standing by the support column underneath the triple overpass. The third and fourth shots hit their mark, and the President was killed. I think it was cut here simply to hide the fact the Presidential limousine stopped. My theory is the Secret Service cut out the sequence of events when the first shot was to occur to cover the ineptness of the driver, and they cut the film showing the Presidential car had stopped because a head shot at a stationary target was much easier than a shot with the target moving. Instead of stopping the limousine, the driver should have gone into ‘escape’ mode and accelerated the Cadillac as fast as possible to flee the kill zone.”
“Captain, a question. Was the driver involved in the assassination?”
“The simple answer is – I do not know… it was unusual for him to stop the vehicle, but it may have just been a reactionary response. At this point, it is impossible to determine the reasons for his reactions, but if I had to venture a guess I would say yes, and I believe the film taken by Olive Marie on the opposite side of Elm proves everything I have just said. You all have not seen her film, which we are now referring to as the O.M. Film, so I’m going to ask Olive Marie to come up and explain the new facts that were uncovered in her Film.”
At the mention of the O.M. Film the entire group started chanting “Babushka… Babushka… Babushka…” Olive Marie approached the podium, raised her hands in an effort to quieten the group. 
“Okay, okay, enough, enough… I know Grandpa said he would make me a Kennedy Assassination icon, and obviously he did, but I didn’t know for the past forty-nine years I would be known as the “Babushka Lady”. Until two days ago, I had never even heard of the “Babushka Lady”, now she and I are one. Last night I was up most of the night reading every bit of information I could find on the Internet about her. The word ‘her’ sounds strange and foreign to me – strange for I am the Babushka Lady, I was researching myself. I cannot seem to put myself into her body… it is as if she were someone else, a stranger. A specter that appeared, filmed a few seconds of a president being killed, walked across the street and disappeared. I was in history for only 28.4 seconds but will be remembered forever. Grandpa said icon, I say curse. It is like having a terrible secret that you are dying to tell, but you know you cannot. It has been said some are born to greatness, and other have it thrust upon them; I believe there is yet another reason – sometimes history demands it. I will accept this responsibility as the “Babushka Lady” under one condition that I will explain at the end of my presentation.” 
For the next hour, Olive Marie detailed her 28.4 seconds of her O.M. Film in minute detail, showing the instant President Kennedy was slain. The film also proved the motorcade stopped dead still for a couple of seconds after the first shot. A pan of the camera caught a glimpse of the ‘shooter’ on the Grassy Knoll. Enhancement of the film verified it was a woman. A view of the Texas School Book Depository indicated another shooter in a corner window nearest the spot where President Kennedy was killed. As the camera panned across the TSBD building, the top ‘sniper’s liar’ window on the sixth floor was vacant. No one was seen peering out. No one could be seen back in the shadows either. Finishing her presentation Olive Marie placed her pointer back on the board stand, turned to the assembled group, and with as a stern face a young lady could muster said, “Here is my condition: after this very moment no one and I mean no one in this room will EVER mention Babushka in connection with me again. Never ever again – understood? She disappeared from history on November 22, 1963 at 12:30 p.m. in Dealy Plaza, please let’s leave me and my red headscarf in Dallas!”
The room fell dead silent. All heads were bowed; the message had been received loud and clear.
Captain Scarburg regained the podium, “Okay, enough said on that subject. Now, as you all can see, we are left with a huge dilemma and a large responsibility – what should we do with our information since we have the facts, and we have the proof, especially the tape that Lonnie Joe and Rocky made of the meeting in Ruby’s Carousel Club with the CIA agents and the Mafia. No judge or jury in the world could question the validity of our findings.” 
“Okay, remember we all voted whether to go to Dallas or not, well we’re going to vote again.” Taking out a box of marbles, the Captain picked out twenty-eight - two for each person present. One white the other black. He instructed everyone, “You have one white marble and one black marble. As the black velvet bag passes around the table, indicate your vote as to whether we should make our data public. Remember it has been forty-nine years since President John F. Kennedy was assassinated. Would it serve any purpose to expose the deep, dark secrets that have remained hidden for almost a half-century?
“I do not know the right answer, so we are going to vote. And the vote must be unanimous - a white ball will indicate you want SCAR to store our data and say nothing... a single black marble will mean SCAR releases the information and we will let the chips fall where they may. There is one caveat if we release: Olive Marie as the “Babushka Lady” and her O.M. Film will never, repeat never, be released by SCAR!! We can never admit we were in Dallas that fateful day.” 
“Krista, you vote first and pass the bag to the next person.” Around the table, the bag moved from one person to the next. The last to vote was Captain Scarburg. Holding the bag in one hand he announced, “Well, I guess all that is left is to count the votes... remember one BLACK marble, and we release our findings to the world.”
Reaching into the bag, he withdrew a marble and held it between his thumb and forefinger for all to see. It was a white marble, into the bag again - another white marble. He pulled marble after marble out of the bag, all white until only one was left. The mood in the room was so thick with tension it could be cut with a knife - the suspense was nerve-racking. Captain Scarburg slipped his hand into the bag for the last time, out came his brawny fist clenching tightly the last marble. Slowly he released his grip and held up the marble for all to see – it was… it was not BLACK.

“LETS GO HOME”

Applause broke out around the room, which was broken only by the speaker on the Interoffice Communication System. It was Bobby the guard at the front desk. “Sorry to bother you Captain Scarburg... I know you are in an important meeting, but there are some visitors here at the main entrance who are demanding to see you.”
“Give them my regrets Bobby and ask them to make an appointment. I am too busy to see anyone at this time...”
Interrupting the Captain, the guard responded, “I’m sorry sir, but the older gentlemen asked me to tell you:

♪Thru many dangers, toils and snares, I have already come;
‘Tis Grace that bro’t me safe thus far, and Grace will lead me home.♪

Does this mean something to you sir? The old gentleman believed you might recognize it.”
What! Thought Captain Scarburg, that’s... that’s... ‘Amazing Grace’, “Yes Bobby, very much, would you please provide them with a personal escort up to the conference room immediately? Do not delay them any longer, bring them up right away!!”
The room grew quiet; everyone looked at each other. Olive Marie, Rocky, Forrest, Bud and Lou cast a knowing look toward the Captain as he walked to the door of the conference room. They too had instantly recognized the ‘Amazing Grace’ lyrics Captain Scarburg spoke before boarding Pegasus for the return home.
Spook turned to the SCAR personnel at the table, “What’s going on?” he quizzically asked. A couple of negative headshakes and a shoulder shrug indicated they had no idea either. Forrest spoke up quietly, “You all will find out in a minute.”
“This cannot be happening,” said the Captain as he heard the footsteps echoing off the hard tiles in the hallway just outside. The steps were getting louder... they were approaching the door.
Lady aroused by the sound of the footsteps on the floor picked her head up and began whimpering; suddenly she sprang to her feet. Her ears were up and alert as she began wagging her tail. Still whimpering, she was apprehensive of the approaching footsteps, her nails clicked on the floor as she trotted across the room and joined the Captain at the door. 
Slowly the handle to the room began to turn - all eyes were on it. The door began to open, slowly at first, then suddenly the door swung open and there in the hallway were an... an... old man, an elderly woman and Lonnie Joe Wheeler, but Lonnie Joe was so young looking. Next to Lonnie Joe stood an attractive woman and a young man about ten or twelve years of age. The old man clutched a walking stick, and the old woman was sitting in a wheelchair being pushed by a younger looking Lonnie Joe. “By-ned,” the Captain said, “By-ned, it is you Clem, isn’t it? It truly is you.” As he spoke, Lady ran past the Captain and with one mighty leap jumped from the floor into the lap of the old woman.
“Lady, is this you, my little girl,” said the woman patting Lady’s head. “Oh, how I have missed you so. You look just as pretty as you did the day you left me, oh, so many years ago.”
Turning to the amazed group sitting at the table, the Captain announced, “Folks I would like to introduce you to Clem and Penelope Ruby,” he said turning and gesturing, “our good friends from Celina, Texas. I do not know these other folks,” Captain Scarburg said motioning to the others at the door, “Clem will have to introduce them. Clem, you and Penelope, know most everyone here except Krista. She is Bud, Lou, Olive Marie and Forrest’s mother. Next to her is my son, Krista’s husband Trey and next to him is our chief engineer Mike Watkins. The next chair is my dear friend Dr. Spurgeon Loo Kim, better known to all of us as Spook, and then there is Tinker, Spook’s wife. Her given name is really Ling Lu. She got that nickname... no... no some other time,” he said laughing. “There’s Sam Lin and Si Lei, Spooks brothers, and Rocky Jollett you already know. Next to him is my wife Barbara or Baba as everyone calls her.” 
Waving to the group Clem said laughing, “Howdy, good to see y’all again - I just wish we had some of them “young” pills that y’all have been taking.”
“Before you say another word Clem, tell us about Lonnie Joe. This young man is the spitting image of him. Where is LJ anyway?”
“I’m sorry Captain... Lonnie passed away in 2002. A while after y’all left Lonnie Joe married Penelope, and they have one son... let me introduce you to my nephew and Godson, Lonnie Joe Wheeler Jr. and, of course, you know his mother and my sister, Mrs. Penelope Ruby Wheeler, and this beautiful woman is June, Lonnie Junior’s wife, and this handsome fellow is none other than Lonnie Joe Wheeler the III, we call him Trey too. Guess some of your habits rubbed off on us too.”
“Well, by-ned,” said Captain Scarburg. “Nice to meet you all. Lonnie Joe or is it LJ? Your Dad was a fine man,” and grinning as he shook the young man’s hand said, “and not a half bad doctor either.” Looking down at the wheelchair, “Penelope Ruby Wheeler! Well, by-ned... by ned...” was all he could say as he leaned over and placed a loving kiss on her old, wrinkled cheek.
“Thank you Captain Scarburg,” answered Lonnie Joe Jr., “but most folks just call me Dr. Lonnie J. I took over Dad’s medical practice in Celina, but he will always be the only ‘LJ’. I’m following after my Father’s footsteps as a doctor, I suppose, but he will keep the ‘LJ’ name. It’s nice finally to meet you all too, my folks have talked about y’all all of my life. I do not believe a day has gone by that your name Captain Scarburg or one of the others there at the table has not been mentioned in our home. I’ve always wondered what you would look like.”
“Captain, you would have been proud of Lonnie Joe he was Celina’s town doctor for many a year. Everyone thought the world of ole Doc Wheeler. A tornado came tearing through the town back in ’86, and if not for LJ’s doctoring, no tellin’ how many town folks we would have lost, he kept saying during that trying time how he wished y’all could be there to give him a hand,” Clem interjected.
“Clem I was always proud of LJ, he was a good friend. Wait a minute,” interrupted the Captain, “your talking like you actually remembered us when we came to Celina back in ’63?”
“At first we didn’t Captain, but as the days and months wore on it seemed like, with LJ’s help, our memory of y’all slowly returned. In a year, or so we remembered you all.”
“Well, we were under the impression your memories would be totally erased thirty minutes after Pegasus left. Guess it wasn’t true, huh?”
“No, Captain, I believe it was. You see, a few years later I met up with Linda Lou Dearmann, remember her from the Carousel Club? I hinted around about the day me and you went in and talked to Uncle Jack, you recall? You recall she told us about them mobsters sitting with Uncle Jack.”
“By-ned Clem, do I ever.”
“Anyway, it was the day you got arrested for stealing them overhalls and the red shirt, but you know, Linda Lou had no recollection of that day at all. Didn’t even remember you givin’ her that counterfeit ten-dollar bill.”
“Now Clem, you know that wasn’t counterfeit!” 
“Yes, Captain we know,” said Penelope grinning. “Captain, for all these past, many, many years I think of you every time I prepare chicken and dumplings, and I cannot eat turnips and pork chops unless my thoughts are with you and those two sweet grandchildren of yours.” Looking at Olive Marie and Forrest, her old, weathered face lit up like a light. Managing a wistful smile she waved and with her raspy voice said, “Hello kids, good to see you again. You look like you haven’t aged a day.”
Olive Marie leaned over and whispered into Forrest’s ear, “Heck, we haven’t!”
“Come on into the conference room Clem, Penelope, Lonnie J, Joe, June and Trey. We were just rehashing our visit to the Ponderosa. Do you still have the Ponderosa?”
“Well, yes and no Captain,” Clem answered, “you see after y’all left us in the cow-pasture, you know, at the time of the blizzard back in ‘63; I got to talking to Penelope and Lonnie J on the way back to the Ponderosa. You know through...”
“Yeah, yeah, I know, through Saddlehorn Gulch...”
“Right you are, Saddlehorn Gulch, I said, ‘Penelope you know with what we have seen today I believe the Captain has been telling us the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth...,’ I got that part from you... remember? LJ was adamant you wouldn’t tell us nothing but the truth, and that you stood for truth, justice and the American way.”
“By-ned Clem, the way you’re talking I believe I need to get me a cape.”
“Aw shucks Captain, anyway, when we got back to the Ponderosa I pulled that piece of writtin’ paper out of Penelope’s valuables box, and me and Lonnie Joe went into town first thing Monday morning and mortgaged the Ponderosa for all the money I could get. I even sold Penelope’s old Nash Rambler, and I hate to say it Captain, I even sold your gold Rolex watch that was give to you by your men in Vietnam.
“We took the money we raised and wagered every last penny of it on that Iron Bowl football game between your Alabama team and those Auburn Tigers you told me about. LJ hated to wager against his ole Crimson Tide, but we needed the money, bad. And Penelope, she was mad jest because we bet the money, you know she still gos to church and all, and don’t believe in that kind of gamblin’ stuff, but Captain we made a killin’. Penelope, LJ and I made so much money on that Iron Bowl that I went to see Mr. Larry Brock, and I bought that cow-pasture of his and all of the four thousand five hundred acres that went with it, he even throwed in that old, green, Ford pick-up truck and your Army Jeep. I still got’em – keep’em for sentimental reasons.
“A few months after I bought the ranch a gigantic, new pond of oil was discovered right under our land, in an oil field that them experts thought had been pumped dry... we’ve been pumping oil there ever since.
“You remember the spot, with the stump, where your flying machine landed. Well, I built me a brand new house right on that very spot, of course the view is not as good as from the Ponderosa, but when I look out and see all them oil wells I just return to the house and find me some purty views in magazines, and if I get real homesick I go down to the Ponderosa and spend a few days with LJ and Penelope. I give the Ponderosa to them and I give a couple thousand acres to Lonnie J and June. They built them a house in that grove of hardwood trees on the way back to the main road. You remember it, don’t you? They call their ranch ‘Red Oak’.”
“Clem, you bet I do. Lonnie J and June, that magnificent seventy-five foot red oak right in the middle of that stand of trees was indescribably beautiful – I can see building a home there and the name fits perfectly.”
“Once all that oil money started flowing in, we got filthy rich. I hired a couple of people to come over and teach Penelope and me how to act and talk like proper city folks. They taught us how to talk, and how to hold a cup with our little pinkie sticking out. LJ helped out a lot too, you know, he was such a smart fellow. That was okay, but we used a lot of our money to help other poor folks that needed help. We even have a foundation that monitors and keeps up with finding needy people, and givin’ them money. We call it ‘The SCAR Foundation’. For all these past years, we have been waiting for you and your flying machine to come back, but you never did; however, we never gave up hope that one-day y’all would return. By the way, I found that handsome metal plaque you left next to that stump when I was building my new Ponderosa, which I now call the Ponderosa Too, catchy name huh, Captain?”
“Yeah, I get it Clem, catchy!”
“Well, anyways, I had the architect mount that plaque on a marble pedestal that sits in a flower garden in my front yard. I did not understand what the symbols on it meant, but I knew that round hunk of brass was important to you, so I made a special place for it. Underneath the bronze plaque I had them write, ‘The Scarburgs Can Always Return’ and the date November 23, 1963. People have asked for years what the plaque and the S.C.A.R. name actually means, we just grin and say, ‘that’s for us to know and for you to find out.’
“LJ told us, way back in ’63 that we wouldn’t be able to come see you until 2:57 on the afternoon of the 7th of December 2012. Today is the morning of the 8th of December 2012 we wanted to get here bright and early. Captain, we’ve been waiting forty-nine years to see you again. So we just wanted to come by and tell you in person how much you have meant to us, and how much Penelope and LJ appreciated what you did. I just wanted you to know also LJ was a happy and contented person living with us. I don’t believe he ever regretted staying with Penelope.
“Oh, one other thing,” Clem said reaching into his pocket, “I want to give this back – those fellows of yours thought a lot of you Captain, and wanted you to have this.” Saying that he turned the watch over and read, “To Capt Robert Edward Scarburg, Jr. 5th SF (ABN), RVN, 1968.” Handing the watch to Captain Scarburg, “Returned to its rightful owner, Captain Robert Edward Scarburg, Jr., our friend then, now and for always,” he said bowing. “And in perfect repair and running smoothly. We would love to stay and talk, but now I’m sorry Captain, we must get going.”
“Wait, you can’t leave, you just got here.”
“Sorry we have to go, we promised Trey we’d take him to Disneyworld, might even get to spend them ten-dollar bills and quarters y’all left us! Just kidding, you know I’d never part with them,” turning toward the door Clem looked over his shoulder and raising his hand in a salute to Captain Scarburg said feebly,
 
“♪Tis Grace that bro’t me safe thus far, and Grace will lead me home♪”

“Come on Lady, let’s go home.” 
With a wag of her tail, out the door ran the little, sable and white sheepdog happily walking beside her two, old, grey-haired masters. 
The time was... was... 
Well the only time we have is TODAY... the best day of anyone’s life... yesterday, the past, is forever gone... and tomorrow, the future, might never come...
Remember time is not a straight line... we cannot live in the past, we have not seen the future, we must only enjoy the present.
What is that sound heard off in the distance – bagpipes...? 

♪When we've been there ten thousand years, 
Bright shining as the sun, 
We've no less days to sing God's praise, 
Than when we first begun.♪

THE END


Other books by Larry Hunt



The P.H.O.T.O. –
The Search (Vol 1)
(A Scarburg Family Adventure)
Print ISBN: 1456432192
“Spell-binding novel written by a master craftsman of the English language with a fathomless mind for science fiction, the military, and somewhat of the occult. I could not put the book down till I had consumed it and discovered the truth of the “The P.H.O.T.O”!! If you believe in Alien technology and the U.S. Government has secrets they do not want known, then this is the novel for you! I do hope that there is a follow on book. Great read and I highly recommend!” L. J. T.


The P.H.O.T.O. –
The Saga Continues (Vol 2)
(A Scarburg Family Adventure)
Digital ISBN: 978-1458180094
“The Scarburgs escape the confines of the jungles of Southeast Asia with the secrets of The P.H.O.T.O. and develop and staff a Washington based black-ops facility know only as S.C.A.R. (Studies Concerning Antiquated Records). This top-secret group uses S.C.A.R. to research and explain events in the Earth’s past history that the Aliens help create.”


21 November 2012 – The Calendar Beckons
(A Scarburg Family Adventure)
Print ISBN: 1463605226
“This adventure finds the Scarburg family, now working for the S.C.A.R. facility, led by Captain Robert Scarburg, Jr., traveling to Mexico and Egypt to find and unravel the mysterious message the Aliens left as a warning thousands of years ago – 21 December 2012 and its disastrous consequences.”
