Rule of Nine
The elements

William rumfitt
Copyright 2012 William rumfitt

Thanks to www.crystalinks.com for the globe illustration in Part 2
Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents

Opener
Euglenoids vs Plasmoids
Breeze
PART 1
Coe
Moving Forward
Numbers Love and Honey 
Many Hands Make Work
Frankfurt, the business  
Eindhoven
Lead – Gold – Blood 
Tides and Emotions
PART 2
The Meeting 
The Great Passage
Austria
Rock
Turning tables, Crossing time
W A Mozart
Stanmere
How could anyone know?
1999
Wake up time
The only real choice
There’s no ladder
Food for thought 
The log
The secret world
PART 3
Energies
Makes its own sauce
Legacy
The lay of the land
The end game 

A poem

When thoughts are heard – when words are said,
a seed is sown inside your head,
that seed becomes a dormant thought
not chosen or contrived.
It may not grow the way you think,
It might get drowned in thinking ink
But dwell it shall with logged events. . .
whose doors are in your mind.
Now things are said for reasons and
Sometimes they are not meant,
the natural filters in your mind will
guide them where they’re sent,
The thoughts that come from purest you,
(there may be only one)
will mark the path of your return
when all the thinking’s done.
--William rumfitt.
“There are none so hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free”
--JohanWolfgang Von Goethe.


“Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known”
--Carl Sagan.

“Words, like nature, half reveal and half conceal the soul within”
--Alfred Lord Tennyson.

The end of history is, alas, also the end of the dustbins of history. There are no longer any dustbins for disposing of old ideologies, old regimes, old values. Where are we going to throw Marxism, which actually invented the dustbins of history? (Yet there is some justice here since the very people who invented them have fallen in.) Conclusion: if there are no more dustbins of history, this is because History itself has become a dustbin. It has become its own dustbin, just as the planet itself is becoming its own dustbin.
--Jean Baudrillard.

Using a toilet is not a sign of being civilized, cleaning it afterwards ready for the next person – is.
--William rumfitt.

It is as if, once, a long time ago . . . we all had a collective pride for who we are as a people – as a species . . . slowly, over time, we became proud of smaller and smaller sections of our community. Eventually we will become so proud of our individual selves that we will have to choose whether we can tolerate our individual counterparts and their ways – or not . . . We are on the knife edge of this choice now.
--William rumfitt
Opener

The greatest respect you can pay to nature is to be true to yourself. The greatest respect you can pay to yourself is to be true to nature.

Many a millennium have passed since this time, this time of pre-migrant life, a time when the earth flourished with static life forms, things forming, growing, living and dying . . . during each lifespan of a given form – the recycling of atoms was the over-view of all life, the order of the day, another life, the mother life . . . included in it – any element or matter of which a life-cycle could be activated and sustained by the energy of our sun and the collaboration of the elements.
It was given that all life-force was a manifestation of energy, it was also given that the key to its sustainability was that no single branch of the energy’s manifestation could be prioritised, and so the cycle and re-cycle system was the unspoken law, all life was one life.
A wondrous game began, the energy of which can be best understood from the perspective of children, playing – innocent, intentionally inquisitive – intimately honest and helplessly optimistic, sometimes cruel, but each moment, each ‘now’ being rich with an infinite possibility of ‘now’s’, the perception of which – at this time – was universal and ethereal, entering into the physical where anything – it would seem – was possible.
Of course we cannot really fully understand such a pure environment of consciousness, incessantly seeking out new possibilities, unhindered by ego and time, and yet in nature it is still that way today. One cannot be sure of how but it would seem that the collaboration of the elements, water-fire-air-earth happened in such a way that they each gave the others a bit of themselves – later to have stories of gods and deities written by man in their wake – they were to lend themselves to be a part of what none of them could create on their own.
Something amazing was achieved, after many millions of years of existing in harmony – which included a balance between what we would class as a paradise utopian existence and catastrophic destruction – in the terms of the planet at this time though it was all just a manifestation of the energy of the universe. 
In this place of infinite possibility there were frequent meteor collisions, volcanic eruptions and earthquakes, all on a scale only imaginable to us today . . . in fact it is suggested by certain schools of biological theory that some life-forms came to exist on the planet by physically entering the earth’s atmosphere riding a comet or meteor . . . the spores of certain strains of the mushroom family are said to be resistant to the environment in the earth’s outer atmosphere, raining down spawn and spores from space, maybe having been trapped in ice or perhaps travelling as cosmic particles . . . Magic.
* * *
It is an interesting fact that the human digestive system cannot digest the matter of mushroom; it always leaves the body as it leaves the mouth to enter the throat. If you were to swallow one whole it would reappear the same as if it had rite of passage through this tube we call the human body, with an apparent immunity to the fate which meets most other things biological which pass through, as if it just isn’t noticed by our systemic acids and digestive sensors. With exception only to the protective skins on some fruits, the mushroom family is fairly unique in this way.
However, there is something of an influence from mushrooms on the chemistry of a human nervous system, brain and body, and though there appears to be little impact on the physicality of the mushroom during its journey through the human body – apart from the breaking of its flesh by teeth – there is definitely an impact made on the human anatomy by some species of mushrooms – on a physical and neural level.
* * *
Having said that – the life forms which occupied earth all those aeons ago were static, It is not true though that within those life forms – which consisted of root feeding plants, trees and algae – there was no free movement. There evolved minute swimming pigmented forms that move by lashing flagella or ‘arms’ which sprout from invaginations on their surface – a bit like a hair from a follicle – unlike hair though, these little arms have the function of movement and thus the attribute of propulsion, a function the likes of which had – quite likely – never existed in this universe before.
These little swimmers are cells without a cell wall and are present both in plants and animals, they exist mostly in pairs, and their dominant and dynamic characteristic is that they photosynthesize light – they are conduits for energy, like transformers, turning AC into DC. Tiny animals – with little arms. How they came about and where they came from are questions which can only be hypothesized, they evolved, they are called Euglenoids, a species, some with no arms, some with one and some with two.
Certain schools of theoretical biology suggest that when the planet was coming together from the dust of the forming universe, the first ’life particles’ were trapped in the depths of the earth’s mass, inactive and inactivated, remaining there until millions of years had passed and until the earth’s geological status allowed them to surface through under water volcanic activity, where they collaborated with light particles, and a new dance of the elements began.
Euglenoids vs. Plasmoids

So . . . The Cambrian period, the earth was by this time bustling with plant life and had moved on to embrace fungi. . . Animal life had not yet developed – unless you count Euglenoids as animals (this is a matter of scientific debate as no fossils have been found from before this period).
From space the evident blue and green reflected light particles made the earth look different from all of the other planets – making it the talk of the universe (so to speak), energies were drawn to it. Whilst the atmosphere and gases, minerals and elements and the magnetic field which prevails on the planet made it possible for energy to manifest itself by growing in solid three dimensional forms, not just any energy could enter through the atmosphere and even less embrace and be embraced by the prevalent conditions of the planet.
However, though many energies from all corners of the galaxy would pass near to and through our solar-system, very few seemed to be able to settle . . . that was how it was for many thousands of years until the arrival of unique rogue energy, the exception . . . this energy – unrecognised on the earth – made a plump for habitation on this rich planet . . . enter the Plasmoids.
The Plasmoids expressed a ruthless characteristic, like bacteria they were of a hardly visible size and yet their effect on the planet was unstoppable, everything they came into contact with was influenced and morphed into a dense, silvery solid replica of its former self and suspended in that state. There would be no more growth. Life forms had no defence, they didn’t stand a chance. 
The Euglenoids put up some resistance in the form of trying to cohabit but it was futile as the Plasmoids had a supra DNA so influential that everything these tiny cosmic cousins of the Euglenoids touched turned to shiny plasma, before ten years had passed the entire planet shone silver with the reflection of every light particle that graced it’s presence, domination was inevitable.
This would have been the end-fate of life on Earth except for one thing . . . the Earth – at its core – still molten and powerful, where a type of consciousness which belongs to all planets resides, unlike the consciousness we speak of on an individual and egotistical level but not so very different – spoke it’s voice . . . the element of fire from the core made the last stand by sending a powerful signal, a bid to call for help. 
The Plasmoids three-dimensional form held to every shape of life and matter which had been present before its arrival, every tree, plant, mushroom and Euglenoid was petrified in suspended animation, the rocks and the water too, a planetary torpor, nothing on earth could resist the expression of the Plasmoids, and nothing on earth grew or moved any longer. The call for help was a signal and the now silver planet was the beacon, the message rode the astral airwaves for many light years, but at a speed greater than that of light, time was not an obstacle, it was not even relevant. Absolute now is not subject to the linear wave-like nature of time.
There was at that time – by convenient and miraculous coincidence – a vast free-floating family of rocks passing close to our galaxy, these rocks were the remnants of a big bang in another universe and another time-span, they carried no DNA but did have consciousness. The rocks were of a nature unknown anywhere in this universe, their density was so great that a rock the size of a golf ball was equal in weight to a lump of iron the size of a medicine ball, these rocks were called ‘Genesians’ and they answered the call of the Earth.
It took many of our years for the Genesians to reach the silver planet, on arrival they orbited the Earth forming an evenly spaced layer – thousands of feet above and around the globe – imagine the Earth looked something like a mirror-ball at this time with gaps between the rocks allowing some reflected light to sparkle through – communication between the rocks and the Earth’s core-consciousness was underway. When the time was right, the agreement made and the pathways forged, the rocks all descended at the same time . . . the initial impacts were catastrophic, a sacrifice which was necessary and the only chance for the continuation of life on Earth.
The only way to describe it is that the Earth gave permission for the rocks to form a mobile configuration by the creation of a kind of activation code formed at a point of balance between the two consciousnesses which – when applied – allowed the rocks to move freely, to roam the planet though the corridors of energy flow with the purpose of touching all infected matter. . . . the Genesians where so dense that they were resistant to the effects of the Plasmoids and thus created a reversal of their effect, balancing and neutralising the dominant DNA. Eventually the Plasmoids dissipated into the Earth’s atmosphere and mingled harmlessly with the particles of the planet.
The Genesians had done their job knowing that the magnetic and gravitational conditions on Earth would not allow them to leave, a one way trip. And so, on the Earth was created a dimensional vortex in the area we now know as the Bermuda triangle where the Genesians could exist on the planet, but on a dimensional over-tone which gives them their own world, in a layer of reality in which only the Genesians could exist, untouchable . . . where they exist to this day.
This is for most purposes a happy ending, but there are two legacies . . . the first is obvious, the resting place of the Genesians, a non ageing rock life-form whose existence is afforded on the Earth by everlasting universal agreement. . . the second legacy is that – also by universal law – when one energy has influenced another – an imprint is left. Earth was left tainted by the faintest mark of the Plasmoids, you see the Plasmoids were not ‘bad’, there is no good or bad, they just corrupted everything they touched in their own favour, and it’s what they did. 
Breeze

A breeze is an easy thing. . .even pleasant. When you think of a breeze you could be picturing a sunny day, perhaps on a beach, warm, comfortable, the gentle soothe of moving air, not particularly directional, offering up the smell of the sea to you whilst simultaneously drawing your breath into partnership with it. Just a feeling, carefree and blissful . . . you could be walking on green hills and wondering where the beauty comes from, that feeling of a gentle breeze on the surface of your skin changes the way you see things, like someone is walking with you who makes everything wonderful . . . for you.
Although a breeze is a type of wind, it’s influence allows you to be elevated in a way which gently opens parts of the mind, familiar, like distant memories – the feeling of which you can not quite place.
Gusts can be un-nerving, especially when the sun is out and in the stillness you relax, then a strong gust feels menacing as if provoking you into readiness for the unexpected. 
A strong wind is often said to ‘blow away the cobwebs’ (an expression one could take to mean ‘removing or leaving behind unnecessary thoughts and needs or memories’). Always moving, leaving no trace of itself but the previously loose but now detached jetsam of the natural and unnatural world – only leaving an impression of having been there.
A Tornado – on the other hand – comes and goes, holds no blame and does not discriminate, leaving a signature of destruction in its wake, dismantling everything it possibly can.
Over and through the ages, peoples have believed the wind to be one of nature’s messengers, a carrier of wisdom, of spiritual knowledge, influencing the essence of reality across the hills and mountains, oceans and seas, conditioning the movements of the nomadic tribes since and before the record of history began. For those who knew how to receive and understand what the wind carried came a greater understanding of all things, for the mind must be truly open to receive such a thing.
The absence of wind is betrayed in nature only by the rising smoke of a fire and perfectly vertical rainfall . . . both events have an air of stillness and beautiful simplicity, one which can evoke a feeling of serenity or vulnerability.
* * *
To the world of the Euglenoids – who once had characterised animalisation on this planet – the breeze was just one of many expressions of the natural world. The Euglenoids did not have sight – it is thought that the eventual development of sight in animals would have evolved from other perceptional senses which had existed previously, like the natural event which takes place in moisture when heated, it turns to vapour and rises, this is not a sign of any will on the part of moisture but still is the result of the influence of heat upon it . . . take the varying temperature fluctuations and the way atoms behave differently during the extremes of these conditions . . . a different texture being created on a surface of a thing when cold to that apparent when hot, particles being caused to cling tightly together or to be forced apart . . . the inception of these things to the Euglenoids is like the perception we talk of in visual, olfactory and other sensory perceptions, but more closely relating to the procession of the elements of life which had evolved thus far. The elements are the dictators and directors of all cycles, and the dimensional manifestations of the energy of the planet in any form – are the commodity.
You see there were no predators as such in this time, just movement of energy. . . one things ‘life’ or ‘movement’ could bring about the beginning or the end of anothers. 
Life forms existing within other life forms, whole cultures of biological expression existing as part of the makeup of other life forms. . . but the Euglenoids had the ability to move freely, making them different to other life-forms. 
The trace of the Plasmoid legacy tipped the balance toward the acquisition of will to occur within the organism the Euglenoids occupied – this gave them the upper hand and the ‘sense’ to move away from conditions which threatened the familiarity of its surroundings or indeed to move closer to those surroundings which might be more beneficial to its survival.
Life had entered into new territory – a territory which was going to bring about the possibility of what we understand as ‘choice’.
Part 1
Coe

you can talk about what is, what was or what might be, there is your version of these things which occasionally coincides with another’s . . . then there is what you think will be, in this there is involved the application of will, and that is the mechanism we use to create our reality, or does it just seem that way?

Farming had been a way of life in this family for many generations. The farm, a small-holding of some twelve acres reduced from one hundred in recent generations, a farm nestled into the Shropshire countryside as if it were a clump of moss thriving in the only place natural circumstances would allow. Idyllic, two thirds the way up a south facing, gently sloping hill side on the top ridge of which was a public footpath that had been a thoroughfare for as long as there had been people to use it – although, it was eight miles to the east and twelve to the west to the nearest two villages. Many stories had lined the skulls of locals for hundreds of years, stories rife with magic and folklore.
This – unbeknown to any individual living soul – had once been at the centre of a continent, having been submerged, risen, frozen and covered with intensely thick rain forest. Nothing currently apparent about the place resembled these descriptions. It is – however – a place of incredible natural beauty. 
‘Coe’ had been born there and had lived these first six years of his life in the same place, he knew the area well, having spent his young childhood rolling down from the top of the hill and climbing the sparsely positioned trees which dotted the immediate landscape, his relationship with the land was an intimate one.
The farm – apart from being self sufficient – no longer operated as a farm but more as a commune. Grandpa was Coe’s mum’s dad. Being the only son of doting parents Coe had been born into an environment full of love, everybody who knew him became attached to him in some way, he was quite unique, I mean. . . he was a daydreamer and that’s not uncommon amongst six year olds but he carried an air of contentment about him and a gently twinkling eye which could bring a tear to the surface of anothers. 
Evolution from farm to commune had been so gradual that the animals and the humans had become like a family . . . eight chickens who lived in an enclosure – roughly sixteen feet by ten – which was joined to the west side of the house, the chickens only spent nights in there – where the centre piece of an old and dead tree provided low perches which accommodate the limited flight abilities possessed by the birds. Also a house for chickens had been built inside the enclosure, eggs were collected daily and the birds let out and back in with the dawn and dusk of the day. 
The chickens – along with the half dozen pigs that were penned in the corner of the barn were the only animals left. The barn was three times the size of the house and still contained a harvest of seventy or so hay-bails that seemed to Coe to have been there forever, they were the last crop of hay before the large fields had been sold off, they were stacked to one side of the barn over which was raised a mezzanine style platform – the barn had once housed up to fifty cows but not for many years now. 
Along the other side of the barn was a caravan which was the home of Paco, a long and curly haired, dark olive skinned Pyrenean runaway who had fled his village in the south of France after his father had been arrested and imprisoned on the border of Spain – accused of being a resistance fighter for Basque independence. Paco had arrived in Cornwall in 1958 after joining and working with a French fishing boat crew for two years, he stayed in England to start his life anew.
Paco and Coe had a connection, they had bonded early in the relationship over their names, Coe called Paco Pa. . . he would say “Pa” and Paco would say “Coe” – Pa-Coe . . . they used it as a kind of hi-five. They both got the father-son feeling that would otherwise be absent to them both due to the circumstances of their lives – in the same way a hi-five gives a feeling of camaraderie in a world where the meaning of camaraderie is all but lost amongst people. Paco would do absolutely anything for Coe . . . if only he would ask. Coe looked up to Paco as would a son to a father, but really they were more like brothers.
Then there was Cheyla, a girl of nineteen – very quiet and very pretty, she was the daughter of a single father who had found himself with his young daughter – destitute in the early 1970’s after his wife had been badly beaten and died as the result. She was a Jamaican woman who’s family had been one of the first generation Jamaicans to come to England. She had cursed some men who cornered her. . . her beating and sad death followed. Cheylas father had taken his own life some three years later after trying to live with the broken heart which was left by the loss of his wife, he knew that he had left his daughter in good hands at the farm – the sanctuary where he had found shelter and a new life.
Coe himself had lost his parents in a tragic accident when he was four, it hadn’t seemed to affect him much, and his grandparents – who were devastated by the loss – were kept from emotional breakdown by the parental duty bestowed upon them by the fatal accident. Grandpa had diverted his attention to Coe where-as Grandma had not been able to even look at the boy without falling apart – that is, until recently. 
To say the least – the circumstances of Coes existence were unique and to him the days were longer than they were for most, he would wander the land near to the farm, dreaming and conjuring in his developing mind – a magical world . . . he had become somewhat of a presence on the land. 
Coe’s education had so far been completely fulfilled on the farm, mainly by Cheyla, she had been through the local schooling system and had taught Coe how to read and write, grandpa was a keen pseudo mathematics tutor and taught Coe to understand the basic mathematical principles and some other numerical systems. 
Grandpa would spend hours of many an evening in private, toying with numbers, their sequences and patterns, experimenting with hidden patterns which lurk behind the apparently simple and metric system which we all know and love. He was intrigued especially with the number nine, he called it the magic number – he would say – “nine is the largest number but also the invisible number”, this – he would affirm – was because when you take a group of numbers which included a nine and add them all together (in a numerical way, not like mathematics) the result would be the same if you were to previously remove the nine or any multiples of numbers which added up to nine . . . for example 4957, the 4 + 5 = 9 added to the 9 = 18 which in turn becomes 9 (1+8) , add that to the 7 = 16 which in turn becomes 7 – the only number left from the original group, and this works with any group of numbers. He loved the disappearing act quality of 9 and somewhere in his deeper ideologies the number 9 set an example of how to be invisible whilst being present. 
Coe had got it, the whole numbers thing, the ideas grandpa presented to him during the loosely class-like maths sessions they had were as relevant in his life and applicable to his existence as any system presented to any child could be, he had incorporated them into his whole way of thinking. His perception of the world was unavoidably influenced – as part of the mix – by the divergence of which the possibility was made by his understanding of his grandpa’s overlapping and overlaying number-systems.
The five humans – between them had a collection of experiences which made for a tolerant and open learning landscape for little Coe. . . of course he knew of no other world and so took it all in his stride – much as any other child does in the world they are presented with, his fulfilment wanted for nothing – leaving his imagination free to conjure ideas and ideals, to see the world as a blank canvas which he hesitated to put any paint on, to hear the silence as a constant noise, a vibration which most are so unconcerned with or so familiar with that it is no longer felt or heard. The voice of the planet, the simple instructions for our own harmony being constantly transmitted, emanated by the planet, the same stuff as the energy which is embodied by every living thing.
Of course there was also the forest and the school which was provided therein. With Coe’s unique aptitude for understanding came an ability which would take some time to surface and more time still for him to realise.
Moving Forward

“grandpa”
“yes boy”
“where are you going?”
“well, the honey-pot is low and I’ve been keeping my eye on a nest, I think it’s big enough for us to share . . . wanna come?”
“oh yes! . . . I’ll get my boots on”
Usually grandpa would go alone, it was his thing, he had a special relationship with bees , no-one could understand how he would always come back with honey and as far as anyone could remember he had never been stung.
This was the first time for Coe, grandpa had told him stories about bees, stories which involved getting honey, this had been grandpa’s way of teaching Coe how to respect the Bees . . . Coe had fear and excitement all at the same time, he was six years old and this day was one he had anticipated for a long time.
“you see, once the Bees find a suitable place for their nest they will build it from scratch, but this nest is an old nest which they have made bigger . . . they’re a bigger swarm you see”, said grandpa as he prepared his baggage . . . “maybe this is an old nest of theirs”.
“how do they know where to build a new nest? . . . I mean if they need to”
“hm. . . don’t know for sure . . . there must be trees and plants with flowers nearby, as many as possible so that they can keep busy”.

With all the stories and all the questions answered by grandpa over time – Coe had a pretty good understanding of how the nest and the swarm works . . . but there were still many questions . . . and not just about Bees.
Coe’s brain was occupied largely with questions he didn’t know how to ask, he was overwhelmed by the imagery around him – the changing of the surrounding countryside through the seasons, . . . the majesty of the Falcon which he observed regularly patrolling the local skies, swooping and diving , . . . the heaviness of the sky sometimes. He had noticed from the weathervane on the roof of the barn that when the wind was westerly it brought a certain emptiness to the valley in front of the house and that when it turned to north-westerly from westerly it would invariably rain soon – but not always, and then there was the water in the stream in the valley with its varying currents and volumes . . . all of these things had the ingredients for questions Coe had not yet formulated.
“the mission is on to collect some honey”, Coe said to himself repeatedly as he tied his boot laces.
It was a still and warm day, a light breeze gently lifted the fine collection of hair on grandpa’s head just enough so he wouldn’t notice but Coe did, a little joke between the breeze and the boy – who wandered meanderingly some several feet behind his guide – who was bold and firm in his direction and his stride . . . In a way grandpa was already there with the Bees, Coe understood this and as the walk was underway a calm focus of intention became evident between the two.
At the bottom of the valley in front of the house was a small road next to the stream, the only road they would have to cross to get into the part of the forest they were going to, grandpa was carrying the sackcloth bag which he always used when it was honey-day, its contents comprised one large clay jar, a coil of rope (about twenty feet long), a flask of tea, sandwiches, and an array of spatula-like sticks of different shapes and sizes.

After one hour of walking they had reached about half way through the journey, they had walked from clear sunshine into leaf dappled light and now were in deep forest with only small amounts of sunlight and the occasional well of light when there was a natural clearing amongst the trees. 
The breeze of the forest moved under the canopy of the tree tops, it was a breeze parented by the forest and of the sky. There is always an air of the forests identity under the canopy, sometimes a cheeky gust comes as if carrying a message – perhaps an invitation or a warning, or maybe just a wind-train for the seed and pollen passengers.
Grandpa stopped, lowered his bag to the ground and produced the coiled rope of natural fibres from within it.
“here boy, would be good if you could carry this for me, sling it over your shoulder”
Coe did as instructed and noticed the weight, not that it was too heavy but it made him feel different, like a man? it made him walk differently and his sense of purpose was re-established. Grandpa was now able to hang the bag over his shoulder – which the rope inside it had prevented.
“I appreciate the help ma-boy, this shebang seems to get heavier every time I do this”.
It was midday but it felt like evening, another half-hour had passed when grandpa stopped and placed the bag on the ground, they both sat on a fallen tree trunk and ate a light lunch of grandma’s sandwiches and a shared cup of chamomile tea. 
“well . . we’. . re . . near . . ly there” said grandpa over a dispersed belch.
Coe had never been this far into the forest, he felt vulnerable, the need to be close to grandpa was strong . . . but something about the next part of the journey made him feel wide eyed and inquisitive. The breeze was now a steady wind behind them, carrying their smell and sound toward the Bee’s home.
“this is the spot” There was an inflection of achievement in grandpas voice at having reached the Bees nest but as Coe looked around he could not see anything.
“where? Where is it?” 
There were many noises around the pair. . .
“listen” grandpa said, whispering loudly . . . and continuing in the same tone. . .”we must wait until the wind dies down and the Bees are relaxed, when the leaves and branches stop moving”, grandpa was pointing at an object half hanging from, half clinging to the underside of a branch which was part of a splay of almost horizontal trunk like branches of a very strange looking tree which leant out of the ground at a 400 angle.
“it’s a yew tree” exclaimed grandpa, “ there aren’t any others in this forest as far as I know . . . and it’s very old”
The tree looked like it was lots of trees all stuck together, it leaned over with its roots on one side sloping off into the ground. Coe was amazed by the tree, intrigued by its darkness and the many features of its surface.
“I think the nest must have been started inside the tree” said the old man, still in the same loud whisper “and it looks like it’s been here for a long time . . . I noticed it last year but the swarm is too big for the nest I saw back then, they must have worked on the nest and made it larger”. . .
Coe couldn’t work out where the nest ended as it seemed to be part of the tree.
“how do they do it?”
“ well . . . they chew up the wood and other organic stuff from the area surrounding them into a pulp which hardens into the shape they mould it into”
“wow!”
Sure enough, after about half an hour passing, the wind died down and the activity around the nest became visible and audible. It was about six feet from the ground and the angle of the branch it was attached to made it easily accessible. There were Bees coming and going constantly, dozens of them were walking and buzzing around, hard at work maintaining the structure of the nest extension which they had built to accommodate the entire swarm.
Grandpa had his eyes closed, “listen” he said more softly now, “you can tell they are aware of us by the buzz”
Coe didn’t know what he was listening for but closed his eyes too, trained his ears in the right direction, pulled a funny kind of grimace and tuned into the multi toned symphony.
As they stood there, some ten or twelve feet from the nest – the noise changed, 
“we mustn’t be too still or we’ll surprise them when we do move”. . . grandpa was moving his head and shoulders from side to side in a funky figure of eight pattern, Coe would peep every few seconds to see what occurred . . . slowly the bag was lowered and opened, from it was produced the large jar . . . it had its own collar of rope around its neck with a harness-like arrangement extended from it, grandpa put his arms through the two loops and the jar sat against his chest . . . his head still moving side to side smoothly but now his eyes open and a full smile on his face. 
“you can put the rope down now, we won’t be needing it”. . . Coe slowly – imitating the manner in which his grandfather moved – lowered the rope to the ground and found himself moving his head in the same way as his teacher.
Whilst selecting the correct spatula for the job in hand the man seemed to be a different person entirely, younger, purposeful . . . moving toward the nest, not needing to climb much due to the accommodating angle of the trunk, never losing eye-contact with the nest . . . the buzz of the bees had toned right down to a gentle lullaby of zeds . . . they started to land on all parts of grandpa – who didn’t change his intention one bit. He moved toward the nest, gently rested one hand on a protrusion at the underside of the bee house and with the spatula - levered it off and dropped it into the pot. Honey oozed and flowed from the gap in the structure into the pot for about one long minute . . .
It was all over so quickly, and before Coe could really take it all in. Grandpa was now standing in front of him grinning, glossy eyed and licking his fingers, he handed the spatula to Coe and chuckled 
“you should stop moving your head like that, it might fall off”, Coe snapped out of the trance he had found himself in, took the spatula in hand and put it in his still open mouth. He had lived through what had been the most profound experience of his life.. . . . so far.
Numbers Love and Honey

1976 was a very long, hot and dry year. 
The farm hid a secret at its position wherein was an ancient well at the basement below the kitchen, more of a cave really where the water supply was constant and with bucket and rope had never ceased. The stream at the bottom of the valley was not connected to this well but came from a source just below the ridge above the farm about five hundred meters to the east. Grandpa had piped water from the stream source to the house in order to keep the secret of the well, for there was no mains water supply to the house . . . no maps showed the presence of the well either and nobody knew where the well’s underground stream came from.
This day at the beginning of June was particularly hot, there was only the faintest of breezes. The heat had a frequency which could easily have been the sister of tinnitus, and you could almost see the molecules in the air dancing their dry-steam-fandango.
Coe was lying belly down on the dry grass by the side of the barn, the shade-line was about to expose his small body to the blast of the sun’s heat . . . he was watching the rabbits in the pasture to the west. 
“eh” the voice of his brother-friend running toward him
“pa” called Coe,
“co” retorted Paco.
Pacos accent was a faint Spanish one. He ran everyday along the footpath on the ridge and returned on any one of a selection of routes he had established over the years. He was thirty four but didn’t look a day older than twenty four, well toned and a very nimble runner.
“so, you got the honey ?”
“it was amazing, the Bees gave us the honey and told us we could come back”
“really? They speak to you?”
“yeah, well it wasn’t really speaking but they told us”
“cool, I will try some at lunch time”
Paco ran to the house to re-hydrate. Cheyla was sweeping the dark terracotta tiled floor, she looked at Paco in her shy but revealing way. He knew she harboured a secret love for him but he had known her since she was only nine years old and felt like a big brother to her, you see . . . he was so enamoured by the completeness of his life and surroundings that his integrity would not allow him to act on the impulses of his heart, but on a deeper level . . . he was in love with Cheyla. He’d never been ‘in love’ and didn’t know how to express how he felt in any physical or verbal way, so he remained the trustworthy and protective friend which his sub-conscious deemed to be the acceptable expression of who he was.
Cheyla could see past Pacos self-imposed but honourable state of denial, she knew that he loved her . . . she would accept this as it was, for now.
“hi Che, you good?”
“yea Paco, you look hot, it’s hot out there hmm? I like the hot weather. . . you know. . .”
“me too . . . I sweat so much today” he raised his forearm and wiped sweat from his brow in a flirtatious , cool but slightly cheesy manner.
Cheyla moved quickly to the basin and filled a mug from the tap, “here, you need it”
“thank you” Paco sipped from the mug, aware of Cheylas eyes caressing his toned and masculine shoulder as he raised the cup to his lips and tensed it slightly more than it needed to be for lifting a cup, he felt good when she admired him, he felt her longing for his embrace. Then came the inevitable . . . during the waters short journey from lips to gullet was a diversion which caused Paco to partially inhale some water, he tried to stifle the ensuing cough but that only made his cough more uncontrollable , opening the air passage to receive even more water, his eyes now welling up with the drowning reflex created by his lungs, spluttering he muttered . . . 
“my . . .god . . .sheet!” 
. . . although he would have wanted to seem as if he was smiling, it didn’t come across. Cheyla slapped the vested part of Pacos back three times and rested her hand firmly on his back. She secretly visualised a love beam flowing from her hand carrying a message of true love directly to his heart.
“Thank you” Paco wiped the wet from his chin with the back of his hand, the muscles in his face out of control and his eyes now streaming, he tried to smile again but looked more like he had just been served an Haitian divorce . . . still coughing but trying to contain it – having to allow some of the water to trickle down the wrong pipe whilst pretending recovery, he smiled at the downward looking girl – who was trying to conceal a giggle. Their eyes met for a forgiven moment of accepting each other’s honesty in love, but they remained silent to it.
“there’s new honey” he muttered between throat clearing mini-coughs.
“yes. . .”
“have you had yet?”
“no not yet, I will have some later on, at lunch”
“cool . . . I must shower now”, Paco handed the mug to Cheyla and rested his other hand on her shoulder briefly and gently, “see you later”.
“bye”
Leaving the kitchen, Paco crossed the entrance of grandpa who was holding several pieces of paper with sketches, patterns and numerical scribblings on, a pencil between his teeth and a forefinger resting on his zygomatic bone as if pointing to his left eye. 
“oops” . . . Paco proceeded to leave the room.
The papers grandpa had been holding soon found themselves spread on the large oak table in the middle of the kitchen, the energy emanating from him was that of discovery, he sat and spread the sheets out so that each one was separately situated.
Cheyla continued with sweeping and sung to herself a song no-one else could hear, she still had a dampened shoulder from Pacos touch, she lifted it to her cheek with her eyes closed. Grandpa witnessed this and his obsession with his quest was momentarily broken along with her moment.
“what’s that you’re writing?” she asked
Grandpa responded with the zest of a child, “oh it’s this 9, it never fails to expand its abilities, here , look”.
Cheyla edged up to the table, the broom now her patient dance partner in waiting. He had drawn a circle on one sheet and dissected it with straight lines . . . one down the middle, one at a right-angled diameter across it, then in one quarter a radius line with smaller and smaller radius division lines within that.
“ you see . . . the circle has 360 degrees, 3,6&0 adds up to 9. . . half it and you get 180 degrees =9, then 90 =9. . . 45 =9. . . 22.5 =9. . . 11.25 . . . and it goes on and on, every time you halve it adds up to 9”.
“wow that is. . . amazing” she didn’t see any significance in the phenomenon which had grasped the old man so intensely but was always impressed with the sheer dedication which possessed the brain of her adoptive father – he was not that old for a granddad, he wasn’t sure of his own age anymore and he’d never had a passport, he remembered the first world war, though he’d been too young for conscription.
“no other number is so consistent in its dual identity as the number 9 – it’s either the only number or it’s not there at all”
“that reminds me, have you seen Coe”? asked Cheyla, “I’ve prepared a lesson for him”.
“ oh good, yes, I just saw him from the study window, he’s by the barn door, I’ll go tell him . . . lesson, after lunch yes?”
“m’hm”, Cheyla set herself to finish the floor.
She had been giving Coe lessons in the form of asking him what he had been doing, drawing things from his situations and encouraging in him a purpose for understanding what ever came from it, she was planning to ask him about his honey trip.
Just then Grandma walked in, grandpa’s attention was taken “Hi sweetheart” grandpa’s voice, always soft and loving when he spoke to his beloved wife, they had been together since the 1930’s, they hadn’t been officially married but their bond was so close that they hardly needed to speak, their eyes and looks said it all . . . poor grandma’s eyes rarely smiled anymore though, on account of her difficulty in accepting the loss of little Coe’s parents, but recently they seemed more at peace - her old self re-appearing in them. The couple always embraced when they saw each other, “I’ve made a big salad for lunch, would you ring the bell dear”? she said as she went to retrieve it from the fridge.
“of course” . . . Grandpa loved to ring the bell for lunch, it was one of the cow-bells from times past, he imagined the cows in the pastures and the way things were. He pictured a whole collection of ancestral sorts rushing into the house as he remembered they had all once done. Even when they sat down the five seemed like fourteen to him. 
After lunch, and the table had been cleared and wiped, Coe repositioned himself at it for his lesson. He was a keen pupil, this was all down to the manner in which the tutorage was applied, or rather implied . . . Cheyla had not much enjoyed school herself as she had been the only dark skinned child there. She hadn’t been treated badly she had just felt obtrusive – but she had done well at school, she loved learning, she dreamed of being a teacher - and certainly had a knack with Coe . . . it was through these lessons that she had developed her own teaching style, the style that made the experience one of discovery for both pupil and teacher.
“well Coe, I wanted to ask you about the honey trip yesterday and see what will come of it “ she paused, “it was delicious honey by the way, thank you for getting it”.
“it was fantastic, I never saw anything like it before and I had so many new feelings”. . . 
there was something different about Coe which Cheyla had picked up on during lunch, A strong urge came to her which culminated in her talking about grandpa’s number 9 theories. . .
“can you tell me?” . . . she asked with a voice as if to alert Coe to the slightly un-maths like nature of the question 
. . . “what number is the largest number”?
“mmmm . . . there are allot of numbers . . . I don’t know , I suppose you could carry on counting your whole life and not reach the highest number”
“what about the largest number”?
“what do you mean”?
“well, something grandpa said about 9” – Cheyla went on to explain what grandpa had been talking about and they started to explore the idea, Coe was amazed, “so does that mean the number 9 is the largest number”?
“it would seem so” 
“but if every number combination which adds up to 9 disappears then 9 can only exist if it is the last number left . . . otherwise it disappears too”!
“I hadn’t thought of that” the whole concept seemed a bit pointless to Cheyla but at the same time she felt like she had understood something, some knowledge of which the principle is applicable to many situations. So did Coe.
* * *
Many Hands Make Work

After the Roman empire had risen, spread, peaked and come to a natural slow down, things seemed to settle. The church had not only become an authority in people’s lives but – along with castles – was among the largest buildings in their towns and villages - representing a doorway to the greater place, it was a place where the people were influenced in how to behave. The church was one of – if not the most impressive and breathtaking buildings in the land, to a people whose consciousness was in a state of repair after the violent and devastating sweep of religious control over them had forced a reset in the minds and psyche of the populations. You might say consciousness had been beaten down . . . at any rate it was low, making the people of the time putty in the hands of those who seek control over them.
Other large buildings were soon placed quite deliberately to intimidate and ultimately aid control of the commons by the bullying aristocrats who’s nepotistic – proverbial and actual blood line were to later become the corporate kings of the earth. Clever men were employed to design structures which had the geometry and symbolism of power to encourage compliance amongst the commons. Mysterious stories and superstitions were invented to complicate any call for credibility on the part of rulers and the churches - who shared in the spoils.
Whilst different versions of this characteristic displayed by humans across the globe have occurred throughout the last five thousand years of human history, it is with the one which dominated northern and central Europe in the centuries at the beginning of the second millennium AD with which we are concerned in this part of the story.
There was a time, nearly a thousand years ago when the common man in Europe – to varying degrees – was getting, let’s say – a little fed up with the kings and their hierarchies, with their ever tightening grip on the commons and the restrictions which were enforced on their rights and access to resources. 
In England there was king John, a greedy king, many would say ambitiously greedy! He saw the power and wealth which could be attained though extracting the energy of the people in the form of profit or tax on goods. He forced higher prices on to things so that he could apply taxes in order to heighten the standard of his own lifestyle over that of the people in his kingdom. The example he set was copied more and more cunningly by successors and still operates today on a more or less global scale. He did not last long after signing the Magna Carta . . . the story of his death is told by historians to this day . . . 
* * *
King john had just been forced to agree to be put under law himself in the drawing up of the Magna-Carter, the Great Charter. It wasn’t long before he was making changes to the document behind closed doors, passing secret legislations and creating statutes which undermined the authority of the original document to suit his own agendas.
One day not long after this historic signing he was travelling with his entourage of foot soldiers and servants across the Wash in Lincolnshire where the tide trapped and flooded his baggage. . . he rocked up to Swineshead abbey and demanded entry and refuge, he was welcomed in as a king, quarters were made up and a banquet was prepared for him which he ate. During the meal he held up a loaf of bread and asked , “how much is this loaf”? an answer came from one of the monks . . . “one penny sire”
“it will be twelve pennies by the end of the year” proclaimed the king.
A monk at the back of the room hatched a plan, he approached the king and asked if he would like a sweet pudding at the end of the meal, the king said ye., The monk went to the garden to fetch fresh plums, he laced the plums with poison and served them in a dish for the monarch. King john was devious of mind and so was suspicious of everything, he insisted that the monk ate a plum first.The monk knew what he must do and so ate a plum from the dish . . . the king watched . . . then picked up a plum for himself and proceeded to eat it. Minutes later the monk fell to the floor dead and the king followed suit.
Note: The plum trees were imported from Syria by an entrepreneurial knight.
* * *
In these days there was no schooling as such and so control and behaviour was enforced in a corporal way. The commons (the People) spent more time in each others company, not knowing anything but what they needed to know for the upkeep of their own lives/the safety of close ones and the local state of affairs in the community. Though soon enough systems of control grew more prominent and changed the way the minds of the commons worked. Familiarity and understanding of these systems was introduced as a form of compulsory education by way of public announcements to which the commons gave credibility by discussing such things amongst themselves. I suppose the application of this kind of systematic society had allot to do with the driving force behind the growth of the industrial revolution and we have allot to thank it for on that score but there was no governance as to what we left behind in favour of this new found mass-education/mind training, and no plan made for its monitoring.
We talk about it as ‘intelligence’, we also talk about it as being ‘civilised’. . . but this occupation of the brain’ has not been balanced with an equal amount of temperance toward our natural habitat, so in a way we have externalised our capacity for intelligence and instead of peace and harmony we rewarded ourselves with things and money . . .  these things have become the currency of our existence, which is – arguably not intelligent or civilized in any way – but the result of a gross misuse of the human and natural resource pool to which we once belonged as a part of the cycles of the energy/power of nature, telling ourselves we are cleverer than we used to be, but in fact it is just that our brains are occupied. This occupation lends itself to the compulsive side of our behavioural tendencies, perhaps a legacy of the influence left to us by the Plasmoids.
Much like the occupation of a country or island, there will be some resistance and discomfort during the introduction of the occupation of a brain, but eventually – if successful – full acceptance . . . after the slaying of that which resists. However, resistance is never slain entirely, it is only individuals who are slain for resisting an invasion, through colonisation by religious or ideological methods – of a country or a brain. The real resistance is in the core of every human being, much like the planet itself, the more we deny it the more we put off the inevitable balancing change which must eventually happen due to universal laws of balance.
*  *  *
By the end of the thirteenth century AD there was – for all intents and purposes – a formidable dominance and occupation by the ideologies of Christianity and capitalism, the commons became consumers and strawmen. Their value was set, each human would have an ‘identity’, they would from now on be registered, ownership was applied. Even though for the large part of the kingdom’s people there was unrest, there was also mass compliance through fear of death. (interestingly, the word ‘capitalism’ comes from the same origins as the word ‘cattle’).
So the years and centuries, kings and queens passed and with every turn of history the paradigm was strengthened until conformity became the norm and was rarely challenged. That’s not to say there weren’t whole counties of resistance, even noblemen took concerns of the commons to the monarch’s table for debate. . . but more often than not bribery would win the day, assassination was also commonplace - usually by poisoning followed by re-delegation of position.
The stage was set and the onset of the growth of power over the people was underway. Other kingdoms and countries followed the same formula to one degree or another, collaborations and marriages were formed to the benefit of rulers and their wealth, all in the name of the wealth of the nation. Sweeteners were of course given to the earls and barons, they and their counterparts were positioned comfortably – who in turn would give some grace to their local governed population. The churches too were a valuable asset to the gentry and would be included in the talks of the direction of the manoeuvres of the fast growing political establishment, their sermons were doctored to suit.
A secondary reality had emerged, one where. . . as the population grew, the powers that be – that is to say , the human devised powers, not the powers of nature – had wars over their power, sacrificing commons in the name of patriotism and the formation of paid armies was established to protect investments. Trade routes were set up and before long the pattern of the movement and development of power and wealth gotten from the exploitation of respective commons could be mapped across the globe. The commons fell into line, working to pay elevated tax in exchange for the freedom to buy things which were – I hasten to add – basic human rights and requirements before the change, things like housing, fuel and food were previously paid for by the relative labour it took to acquire them, as is every humans natural right to do. 
Out of this well established paradigm rose the infrastructures of modern societies, with statutes and prisons , churches and schools, banks and parliaments . . . and people keeping busy pushing the money round so as to give rise to more money for use between the powers – who eventually came together at a top level to establish a global – behind the scenes – elitist game plan around the utilisation of the planet’s resources for profit, including the resource of human-kind. A human from then onwards would become a registered person liable by agreement to serve the paradigm . . . until, over time we all started to call it . . . reality.
Frankfurt, the Business.

“You’re not using that as a way to argue why it’s not just because I worked hard, not because I spent years learning the markets and the language, licking the arses of businessmen and board-members . . . these plants need water, look at them”.
Here were two men standing at the top of the sweeping staircase in a large mansion of timber frame construction which sprouted buoyantly from a walled in network of gardens with a driveway cutting through grounds that would cause any inspirational visitor to feel like they had arrived in real-time heaven. It was huge, this purpose built house was named ‘Vienna’.
Perfect brush-strokes illustrated how much money had been dripped into this place, white satin emulsion coated the beautifully carved woodwork, the only wood which remained unpainted was the complete oak-boarded floor inside and throughout the main building, oak to which there was a firm softness made for naked feet . The walls in the entrance hall bled the colour of over-ripe cranberries up the curved wall of the staircase to the large gallery which overlooked the whole affair.
Jurgen Braun is a successful – slightly overweight – businessman, born 1946 in Frankfurt, the current chairman and a director in his family’s business. He liked to tell people he was a writer but the truth is that he had rarely ever done any writing for himself. He had several servants, a secretary and a company of personal assistants who worked shifts to cover ‘Mr Braun’s’ every need 24/7. . . you might call it a presidential lifestyle and you’d be right – as he ambles on the first floor gallery – watering his plants with his brass watering can of which there is one kept filled in every room as part of the duty bestowed on his servants, eccentric – the president of Germany’s most powerful media corporation, right in the top quarter of the worlds most powerful.
“yes Mr Braun” said Thomas, his faithful servant “I know, all I am saying is that the world you experience is a different world to the one most people experience, you can view the world from the perspective of an observer . . .” Jurgen was already humming to his plants a tune which had been hummed in the same way by his forefathers back through many generations, a hum that differed in tune from time to time but had always served to aid the avoidance of the advance of mutterings which challenged the integrity of his family’s climb to the top, only now in the presence of his friend – possibly his only friend, it was poignant because Thomas had no subjective opposition to Jurgen but took him to be a friend who he respected . . . Thomas would usually end up talking for as long as it took to communicate what he was thinking – in the most comprehendible way – to Jurgen, who would invariably only hear the first sentence and then switch off.
Although the pair rarely ever actually discussed things in the way equals would, in Thomas’s absence Jurgen did ponder the things his friend spoke of . . . not in that context though, his ego would not allow him to admit that such wise, diverse and concise thoughts came from anywhere but his own mind . . . saying that, these thoughts remained in the realm of their friendship, he had no use for them. The realm of business, the game he really understood had become all-consuming and he had become so well armed to play the game that this world of power and accumulation was the dominant one.
You could say that the great leader lead a great life, he had very little actual responsibility and yet his ego was as engrossed in the family business as a baby at a mothers breast, he seemed to be only a tenth of a person though when it came to personal relationships with people. He did love to be entertained, to laugh and to cry, he partook in these regularly – in private of course.
Thomas – if you haven’t guessed yet – is on the pay roll, a personal assistant, though to Jurgen he was more than that, he would never consider firing him as the situation – the way it was – suited him well, he had all but allowed himself to forget about the employment side to this relationship, it would take away from the human contact aspect of his life, and there was precious little of that. 
Thomas had changed his name – Jurgen was the only one who called him by his birth name. His family – who lived in the Austrian alps – had afforded him a Steiner education after which Thomas became Sananda, the name which he aspired to . . . to him ‘Sananda’ symbolised the light-being, the energy which Jesus embodied before the Roman catholic church adopted his name to represent their saviour figure, ‘the Christ energy’ . . . one of many energies recognised by pre-Christian peoples, Christ energy represented- among other things – healing and love. To Jurgen the name was a faint memory, when he had heard it on meeting the man he had fleetingly and dismissively thought it was a type of lizard.
Thomas’s considered responses were normally interrupted by humming or furthering into one-sided conversation, still his responses were unemotional whilst eternally loyal and objectively true to his own beliefs and thought processes.
Sananda was a gentle giant, he loved the thought that he was ‘a human’, possibly the highest physical expression of universal energy within a separate entity, but he strived to unlock higher expression from within himself. When he was off duty he would often ponder the connection he had with the universe and explore his own mind by the analysis of things human. Jurgen had inspired him in this by his obtuse responses and highly contradictory behaviour. 
The two had been discussing the possibility that all of this. . . the acreage, the house and cars, the staff and all of the trappings were a feature of Jurgens life only because of the history of his family and of how the power of the media mechanisms in our world had influenced so much in society in the name of freedom, and due to people becoming addicted to the informations and materials, sagas and story lines fed to them by the media’s many faceted medusas head, giving their attention and energy to it. This process also giving birth to celebrityism, a tool with much influence over the commons.
Sananda had read up on the history of media, especially newspapers, in fact he was writing a book on the subject, entitled ‘The convolution of the homosapien’ – though he wasn’t yet fully decided on the title, he knew that the medium had been around since the early civilisations, used to create awareness, to occupy peoples’ minds, sometimes un-divisively and sometimes divisively, in the guise of being informing but always with a leaning toward one side or the other of the current zeitgeist. This was not an unbribeable occupation and so the media had largely become a tool of the rich for manipulating the collective mind of societies in a favourable direction.
All of that having been said he still appreciated the core energy of an individual, he recognised the possibility that we are all doing exactly the same thing, not in terms of actions of credibility or recognizable individual merit or achievement . . . or failure, but in essence there – to him – was a larger picture in which we are all reaching for some higher expression, albeit against the current of a seemingly unstoppable river of external and material referendums laid out by a select and privileged few to keep minds occupied.
He had written a chapter in his book based on the response to a plea of ‘human nature’ – by Jurgen, this plea was a defence for the injustices of an unbalanced society . . . to pick up the chapter . . . ‘it is hypothesised in schools of neuroscience that we display only the characteristics we are able to under the influence of our environment – after all, we know nothing else – as opposed to there being a definable human nature’. . .
later in the same chapter he said . . . ‘our limitations are governed by our capacity to perceive, as dictated by natural law . . . hence it would follow that as we move forward in any technological, economic or social paradigm – being influenced by the unforeseeable and unpredictable repercussions produced by the evolution of these paradigms – which in themselves present other possibilities . . . we give support with the same energy characteristics from when and where they originated. . . Are we creating our own observable or perceivable reality and direction?’ . . . ‘if you were to drop an equally intelligent being from another reality into a paradigm alien to their own – say for example one who came from a culture where money had no place but where the reward systems were those of recognition and actual contribution of real benefit to the said culture . . . they would not be able to relate to the presence of a monetary system without questioning it’s integrity as the system chosen to be the milestone by which we set the varying living standards of populations’.
On ‘choice’ he wrote . . . ‘Every choice is worthy of considerable exploration, in the same way a chess player will explore every possible move before taking the next move, maybe this is a good Hegelian dialectic for the ‘Pandora’s box’ story, or the ‘eating of the fruit of the tree of knowledge’ story . . . if there is no harmonious/victorious end to either choice one should not take the move. In the game, sacrifices are necessary in order to win but in life we must try to understand what winning is’.
Also in response to a ‘Jurgen’ take on society he had said . . . ’It would seem that we are living in the tangled entrails of a choice we made many generations ago, and many successive choices since which have been unique to the intellectual currency of the relevant reality. We have turned so many corners (the humming would have started about here) and danced through so many twists whilst trying collectively to adhere to the paradigm of the original choice. We’ve struggled to justify our expression to the point that we are in mass denial – mentally and neurally impaired, clinging to a distant and forgotten idea which we have to deny to a greater degree with every passing generation, neither having an understanding or recollection of the origins of the paradigm we came from, nor indeed the ability to comprehend the level our collective psyche was at when we embarked on the journey, it is as if we are tipping the balance against the possibility of our own future whilst reassuring each other that ‘it’s just the way the world is’. We are lost and have no reference to any home reality, no sense of ownership or responsibility toward our home planet, therefore our reality is as precarious as an expanding shell which gets thinner and thinner at every stage of its expansion . . . and so fragile that I don’t think we will all make it through the changes which are inevitable when the stretched and linear reality we take to be ‘reality’ twangs back to the place it really is at, that place, we don’t and can’t acknowledge’. . . Jurgen, in response had simply said “people are happy . . .it’s their choice . . . look around you”. 
To Sananda, Jurgen was an unwitting conduit of manipulative instruction to the public. To Jurgen, Sananda was Thomas, his friend who talked allot but made no sense. He did occasionally grace an entire monologue though for its intellectual sounding content . . . To be fair Sanandas phrasing can be a little complicated.
Eindhoven

. . . “ there is not much we can really know about ‘Thor’, except that he was a god – considered to be the first and most powerful, enough so that the German, or ‘Teutonic’ tribes of old named a day of the week after him . . . Thor was known as ‘Donar’- god of the heavens and the weather , hence ‘Donnerstag’, the English too. . . ‘Thursday’ – ‘Thors’-day, also the French. . . ‘Jeudi’ comes from the planet most associated with Thor . . . Jupiter, which the ancient Romans called ‘Jove’, the god of the heavens and the weather . . . so you see there is a correlation between Thor and Zeus , being the gods of the heavens. . . could there be a connection between these gods and the Indian gods? Could Siva or Krsna with their maces be Thor’s counterpart?”
This self dictation session was interrupted by the intercom which sat on the minimalists desk alongside a Brass name plate mounted on a triangular hardwood plinth. ‘Michelle Marquis’ switched off her dicta-phone and opened the intercom channel. 
“Miss Marquis, your lunch appointment is at 1 o’clock, would you like me to arrange your car”?
“oh yes, the monastery” she replied, calmly reposed.
“yes frau”
“please don’t call me that, if you don’t mind . . . call me Michelle, thank you”
Michelle had an aversion to any reminder of the German language even though her family’s business was of Germanic foundation, started by her German father who she was about to meet for lunch.
She was a 28yr old single professional, running a small but successful firm of accountants, a keen mueslifarian, did yoga, went running, anything to keep herself occupied. She would spend even relax time reading or studying at one of her many interests, especially mythology. A loner.
The monastery was about fifty miles south of Eindhoven in a town called Kerkrade close to the border of Germany, the chosen retirement and resting place of old Mr. Marquis.
“yes, if you could have a car ready to leave at eleven thirty that would be great, thanks”
It was about an hours’ drive to Kerkrade, Michelles time keeping was impeccable, she always allowed at least half an hour for hold-ups. The drive was unhindered and ended at the gates of the monastery – just a few hundred feet from the border, stepping out of the car she paused, looked at her watch and with time to spare proceeded to walk toward Germany. The now redundant border crossing was informally manned only by two German guards in a tiny box terminal. She stood and looked over the border and at a world which resided only in her imagination, a world which could have been a very different one if the course of history had not been thus . . . but she was glad with every beat of her heart that the world did not suffer a reality under Nazi rule.
Mr marquis was in his final years, a man who looked sweet and gentle but who’s history of life had been far from both.
“my sveet, my baby, my sveet, how are you”? his voice frail with age, he looked into michelles eyes as he held her shoulders before embracing her purposefully but briefly.
“ I am well father , are you”?
“oh you know, surviving”
From the window of his room in the monastery he could see across the border and into Germany – his homeland, and the place of his birth – Aachen. It was sometimes visible to him, at least he knew which direction it was in. He would sit at his south-east facing window occasionally and visualise the memories of his childhood whilst staring toward the town.
Gerhardt Marquis had taken the family name of his Parisian wife after defecting from Hitler’s staff in 1945 during the Nazi evacuation and hiding in Paris. The couple had met during the occupation of France in world war two and had survived the liberation. He had been an accountant – of sorts – for the Reich. His own interest was based in the value of precious metals, gold was one of the occupying objectives of his fascination and he had been enthralled by a lifelong compulsion to make a connection between the art and mysteries of alchemy and those of life, he had been obsessed with the idea that gold and human blood shared the same alchemical identity . . . but this obsession had been on hold for a long time now.
“daughter, I know ve have unspoken similarities, vee must speak of zem before I pass”. . . he paused, his voice shimmered with a resonance and resolve which could not easily be quietened “I know zat you are not happy”
“what do you mean father? I am not unhappy”
“I didn’t say you vere unhappy . . .you . . . are . . . not . . .happy, you accept your circumstances, you remain positive yes but you deserve to be happy, you are my angel, my little angel. I vont you to know somesing”!
Michelle shrugged her coat off of her shoulders, “what do you mean”?
“let us have lunch daughter, hmm”?
“OK father, but can we go somewhere else? I don’t like the refectory here much, let’s walk”
This old man could barely walk a hundred yards but Michelle knew a chip-shop just down the road from the monastery.
“let’s sit outside , eat and talk” she nodded as she spoke, the talk of food had triggered her digestive juices and salivary glands.
They walked slowly to a bench a little way from the monastery where Michelle left her father while she went to collect her favourite – chips and mayonnaise. 
“I know it’s not good for me” she said in a self forgiving voice. 
“funny” said the old man, licking the glossy substance from his thumb “I used to say zat if a sing makes you feel good zen it is good for you, I’m not so sure now . . . I have learned much srough ze the years of my life and ze only feelings zat have been truly good have been ze feelings I have had ven I am around ze vuns I love . . . you, your muzzer , your muzzers sister . . . she did a good job in ze absence of your muzzer . . . I miss her so . . . she vas so kind and clever, you know . . . venever she spoke I didn’t vont her to stop. . . maybe it vas because she didn’t speak allot. . . but vhen she did . . .” Gerhardt gazed to the sky as if recounting the voice of his true love . . . “her verds vere like poetry. . . she spoke from her heart and mind, loving and soughtfull”
Michelles mother had died when she was a child after which Mr. Marquis had handed her over to her aunt for care.
Gerhardt had a distant look in his eyes, like a man who had lost the most precious thing it was possible to have, the memories from which lay delicately and decoratively laced around the cortex of his soul . . . he looked at Michelle as she searched his face for the happy face that had once promised to be her most precious memory – that was now just the hollow shape of a memory.
“and you my angel, your silence is loud , I can only imagine . . . I have neglected you, I have been selfish, it’s been tventy years since she passed and I know. . . I have been hiding . . . not just here at ze monastery – you see I have found ziss place and I’m afraid zat if I leave it . . .”
His eyes had eyes inside them which pleaded with her to understand . . . “zat I von’t find it again”.
“oh father you must let go”
“you make it sound easy”
“let go” she said, this time with a trace of vehemence.
The ensuing family embrace had their tears flowing in the same little river, guided by the furrows on his face.
The late Madame marquis had been the catch of the century as far as Gerhardt had been concerned, but she was so much more, even than he had ever known. She was one of two daughters of the descendants of a bloodline of French royalty – forgotten after the American revolution in the 18th century – who quietly settled in the suburbs of Paris where generations later she had been born , in 1924. 
The fated meeting between Gerhardt and mslle Marquis had been circumstantial, she had worked tables in various cafe’s and bars in Paris during the war and he – having been something of a wizard in the field of accountancy and having gained a reputation of notoriety in the study of precious metals – had procured employment by the gold hungry Hitler himself . . . Gerhardt was a tall, handsome man who – though known by face to most German soldiers – did not wear a uniform, he was clearly a man of distinction. Mssle Marquis was petite and pretty – much resembled now by her daughter Michelle, she had had no end of love-hungry eyes from Nazi generals and so was an asset to any establishment, but it was with Gerhardt she fell in love, and his notoriety protected her from any unwanted advances, everyone knew who Gerhardt was .
When the war was over the couple secretly moved to Holland where they married and where he re-established his accountancy business under her surname, Gerhardt never returned to Germany, the shame of being part of Hitler’s close fold of experts was too great for his honour to bear.
After the lunch meeting Michelle went to the gates of the monastery where her car was waiting, climbing in she instructed the driver to drop her at the train station. She liked train journeys for the purpose of thinking, trains to her were corridors for thinking in, and she had plenty of it to do.
Her father had not had ‘that look’ in his eyes for a long time – maybe she had reminded him of her more this time, after all she was the spitting image of her mother – ‘that look’ of being himself – and though she had given up trying to bring him back several years since she now felt a surge of hope and excitement. He had been such an interesting, vibrant man during the time her mother was alive – as if she were his battery which then had run out of juice.
Kerkrade is on an inland southern peninsular of Holland and the train line squeezed between the borders of Germany to the east, Belgium to the west and through miles of countryside. 
The carriage was full except for the seat next to her which soon became occupied by a man who had a smell about him . . . it was as if his suit had never been washed and so carried all of the smells of its life’s experience along with it . . . which incidentally were all reborn in their newest expression whenever the man’s own sweat glands were activated enough for the moisture from them to seep through the under layers of his clothing. The man had obviously been running or rushing to catch the train – the hair from his fringe stuck to his sweat beaded skin of his forehead in the way a clump of hair pulled from a plug-hole would cling to the side of a bath, though the look of the man also suggested that he did not bathe regularly. He had the pitted skin of a smoker, fatty and suffocative. On top of this he must have recently cained a cigarette after eating some strong salami . . . needless to say, to sit next to him was a sickening experience, not to mention a distraction from thinking. 
The smell was not innocent, it was making a bid for freedom, for life and leadership, it wanted to tell the world it’s story and there was no getting away from it, the man it engulfed was no longer the dominant part of the equation, and because the smell was so strong it affected the way people reacted to him, which in turn dictated his experience of the world and the people in it. The odour demanded ones attention and rejection, so much so that the man – who tried to get closer to people as a result of his experience of them and their unspoken rejection of him – found himself trying to get closer to them for the reaction he invariably received – by way of gratifying himself, which by now was what he expected. Over time the man had become a complete slave of the smell as it lingered and spawned in the noses, mouths and lungs of all who came near, shaping his personality on the way.
After mentally surmising all of this, Michelle wondered if she dare tell the man, was he so used to the smell that he didn’t notice it? Did he live in those clothes? Did she really want to get involved further in the situation? Maybe he was the smells own willing provocateur. By the time she had been over it in her mind the train pulled up to the platform in Eindhoven, she quickly stood and stepped out onto the platform, into the air of the station and the many combined smells which loomed and merged in an arrogant gesture, claiming to be the smell of this city.
Lead – Gold – Blood

It may seem strange to most people that there is a subject which is ultimately concerned with the science and wisdom behind creating the ‘philosopher’s stone’ through the understanding of turning Lead into gold or silver, the idea is so far from any acceptable possibility in our reality and yet there it is “Alchemy”. . . myth or fact? I think most people just accept that it exists, either as a possibility or as a farfetched ideal.
Leading up to and during the war Gerhardt had lead many expeditions to ‘alchemical hotspots’ – India, the Middle east, the Mediterranean, China and many others – geared up to explore the places where accounts from historical documents and doctrines from these places had lead them. In June 1940, around the time the German invasion and occupation of the Channel islands was taking place – Gerhardt was on his way – over land – to the Tibetan plateau. The Chinese had incorporated Tibet to their territory in the earlier part of the century, they did not have control of the entire country though and many mountain regions where un-monitored by the Chinese military at this time, Hitler wanted to get in there first. Gerhardt lead the expedition, he was there mainly in his capacity as a scientist and medic, he had passed basic surgical exams for the purpose of dissection, he was also charged with the duty of logging every detail of the findings of autopsy’s on human remains which might be discovered. The particular theoretical interest of this expedition had been deliberated over around a table by the archaeological committee – which was a subdivision of the science committee. The main objective was to pinpoint and map the collision area between the ‘Indian continent’ and the ‘Asian and Eurasian continents’ which occurred millions of year ago, there was meticulous preparation made in the research of the area along the northern edge of the Himalayan mountains where civilisations are accounted for in the ancient scrolls that were part of a vast collection of artefacts which made up Hitler’s extensive and growing archive. 
This journey had taken them across Mediterranean Europe and the Middle east into the Khyber pass, where they were to head east to Peshawar and then on the most direct route through Pakistan and Himachal Pradesh into the Himalayas. Nine men – including the three guides they had contracted – and two vehicles made good time over the flatter land, different sections of the journey were made by a host of varying transport methods including many miles of walking.
Between the men they possessed a broad cross section of skills from marksman to linguist, code-breaker to doctor of music, Geologist to professor of Physics to mention a but a few. Gerhardt’s other role was to keep written accounts of the expedition, a log . . . he was the elected leader, diligent and thorough in his charge – although his personal interests secretly influenced the direction of the search. Hitler was looking for lost gold, Gerhardt was looking for scientific evidence. . . luckily the evidence he was looking for required gold’s participation.
After two months of journeying north and on through the mountains and passes, mainly with the help of horses (eight of them) – enough to accommodate supplies and equipment – the men arrived at the northern most mountains and at last the plateau, a welcome sight marking the end of the mountainous nightmare which had started to cause signs of mental fatigue amongst and between the men.
The team aimed to locate a tiny village called Mugu which sat in a mountainous area just south of the plateau at the source of the Karnali river – a river which through its meandering path becomes the Ghagara, one of the main tributaries of the Ganges. The full length of the river up to the point where the Ganges begins is 1080 km, just one of the details which intrigued Gerhardt due to this number’s significance in many fields of science and other mysterious arts . . .1080 is said to be a sacred number of the universe . . . 
By the time they arrived in Mugu – a tiny village where the mountain dwelling tribe who welcomed the group – allocated an area on the edge of the tribal domain for the camp of the team – who were ready for a rest. The expedition was supposed to last only 5 months including the journey back so they took a couple of days to settle and acquaint, then they set about the plans for exploration. The geologist in the team had done extensive research into the area looking for evidence of ancient civilizations, he had prepared a series of maps showing locations of potential interest in order of significance. The most significant place was close to Mugu, it would take a couple of days to get there and their host tribe was willing to provide a guide. The first spot to explore was in a deep and wide valley on the south facing slope of a mountain at the foot of which was the small river Karnali, small because it was not in full flow and it was close to the source, it was not recognisable as anything more than a stream at this time. The area was quite lushly populated with trees and many indigenous birds. About one hundred meters from the base of the valley were several cave entrances, the area around them was easily habitable as the slope of the mountain had decreased to a gentler one. The beauty of the area was breath-taking and the daylight hours were long due to the timing of the expedition coupled with the prevalent latitudinal position of the valley.
“ just think” said Gerhardt (translated for the reader) “millions of years ago this whole area would have been flat and only a few miles from the Indian ocean, if my theory is correct there would have been settlements near to the coast and rivers, this area matches both of these requisites, let’s go inside”.
The local guide did not want to go into the caves, he would wait with the other guides and one of the German crew whilst the other five entered the largest of the caves – minimally equipped but loaded to the teeth with the empowerment of any true pioneer they went. The cave had got darker and darker with every step, head torches would be used sparingly in-between candle lamps. After half an hour of careful progress the men agreed that the cave could easily have been some kind of primitive dwelling. Soon they came across a steep decline, not so steep that you couldn’t descend by foot but a guide rope was set up anyway and they proceeded into the dark passage. It was far less welcoming now, even a little treacherous, the tunnel had become narrower. Their journey had taken them 500 feet in and 120 feet deep when they ran out of rope, the climber among them continued alone to assess the safety of the continuing passage. He called out with good news, the path was stable and only another 40 feet to the end where there was a large underground cave. The cave was about the size of a tennis court, comprising a lake with a flat area of smooth cold sand and rock around it.
The excitement amongst the team was intense and the work of the expedition was about to begin. They counted six small entrances around the edge of the lake, each one with a corridor leading to two separate chambers. Also there was one larger opening “this definitely seems to me to be manmade” said one of the men. They set up the make-shift lab they had brought - which consisted of a folding table, an oil lamp, a microscope and three boxes, each marked with the subject to which their contents pertained, Chemic, Physic and Archaeologic.
The larger of the entrances was the first to be explored, one would have expected it to be damp in this place but it was not, it was clean and smooth, unnaturally so. Around the edge of the room which the men had entered were twelve holes, about two feet from ground level and about a foot and a half in diameter, the holes penetrated far into the rock walls of the cave. Gerhardt volunteered to crawl in first, he could hardly wait. About fifteen feet in he found himself in a smaller room, “could it be”? he said under his breath, there in the centre of the dome shaped cave was – apparently – a body, no sarcophagus, just the wrapped remains of a human form, 
“ok guys we have a mummy” he called out excitedly. He removed his small shoulder bag and lit a large candle from inside it, he also produced a leather wrap, rolled up inside it were several surgical and measuring tools, 
“I’m going to need some help, two of you I think”. There were various artefacts placed around the room and 9 small piles of white powder which puzzled Gerhardt,
 “be careful where you stand, we need to collect samples of these powders” he said as the men climbed out of the tunnel into the room, the powders were piled in their highest entropic state, perfect broadly conical mini mountains, little equilateral cones.
After logging and diagramming the cave, it’s dimensions and contents and whilst one of the men prepared to carefully collect the samples, Gerhardt and the third man positioned themselves ready to slide the mummy onto the canvas cloth they had laid out next to it, 
“we will need to take the body out into the larger space, but we must be extremely careful”. To their surprise the body was very heavy, too heavy, they had expected it to be fragile and airy. 
“stop!. . .ok, let’s have a look” after examining the body for clues as to its weight Gerhardt removed scissors from his wrap and carefully lifted the cloth from the torso of the mummy, cutting away an area to reveal what seemed to be the skin of the body and revealing the thorax of the human form, “I don’t understand, this cannot be” . . . his surprise at the well preserved body was only to be surpassed by what Gerhardt found under the skin.
“Surely impossible”, as he dissected an area of the body just in front and above the left armpit he discovered that the veins inside the body were filled with solid Gold, “I . . . look at this “ his companions looked on with amazement. 
They decided to leave the cave and to return after a discussion on the surface, they all clambered out of the cave in a state of shock and bewilderment, none of them had ever seen anything like this before.
“this must have been a highly developed people, not technologically but in some higher understanding of or connection to universal law, I mean, to fill the veins of an entire body with gold without making a scratch on it is only possible. . . Ha! I say possible. . . what I am trying to say “ – Gerhardt paused, he didn’t think the others would appreciate his slightly esoteric/alchemical angle on it, and though he realised that he was probably the only one there with a possible explanation for the find – he kept his ideas to himself – “I just don’t know”.
Was there a way of connecting with some universal energy which would allow an individual to make this kind of change in themselves? For what purpose? What were the powders? What race of people was this? Were they going to find more of the same? Question after question kept Gerhardt from sleeping as they stirred in his head that night.
The following morning the group of experts listened as Gerhardt made an hypothesis of the finding. He suggested that this seemed to be a ritual similar to the rituals thought to have been carried out by the pharaoh Akhenaton at his school for disciples in ancient Egypt, a study shrouded with missing links due to the defacing of all inscriptions relating to his reign in Egypt during the eighth dynasty – by the successive pharaoh.
There was a strong resolve amongst the men that if such knowledge were to fall into the hands of their fuehrer the result could be very destructive. It was a good job that none of them believed Hitler to be a worthy recipient and they agreed to leave all traces of their find in place – reporting nothing of the find on their return to Germany. 
*
The unspoken suspicion amongst many high ranking Nazis was that Hitler himself was a puppet who’s strings were held by men with corporate interests from across the world who’s aim was to depopulate the world and suppress ideas of freedom so as to promote and strengthen centralisation and establish greater control . . . they certainly succeeded in putting a dent in the global population figure.
* * *
Ironically and simultaneously in the channel islands – where a store of English gold was known to be kept in a vault in Jersey (this is thought to be both the underlying reasons for Hitler’s hasty occupation of the island and for Churchill’s determination to liberate the islands as a matter of priority) . . . when the Nazi occupation of Jersey was imminent in 1940, a small group of the islands masons and bankers met in the dead of night in secrecy, to bury the gold under a pavement near the town church in st Helier where it remained unfound by the Nazi occupying forces for the entire occupation. The gold was dug up after the liberation of the island in 1945 . . . 1940 was a year of disappointment for the Hun leader.
There are varying accounts of this story but there hangs a large black and white photograph of the grinning locals uncovering of the gold, hanging in the Jersey museum in st Helier.
Tides and Emotions

It is understood that the magnetic pull created by the Moon as it travels around the Earth influences the movement of all water on the planet, this includes the water which makes up a large percentage of the human body, more so in men than in women. This is theorised to explain the occurrence of unusual behaviour we display – to varying degrees – around the time of a full moon, and the need for heightened security around psychiatric facilities at these times.
* * *
The secret kept by the five occupants of the farm was two-fold, firstly the secret of the existence of the well below the kitchen Secondly and more deeply that for some unusual reason every full moon the water in the well would rise, although sometimes not enough to notice – the well was so deep you had to shine a powerful torch down it in order to see the water – but at the midsummer and midwinter full moons the water would sometimes rise up close to the mouth of the well. It was an occasion for which the family of residents got together with an air of excitement . . . secret water parties.
The entrance to the stone staircase which led to the space below the kitchen was concealed in an arched recess which had a solid backed shelving unit built into it, the stone walls of the farm were so thick that it didn’t look out of place. You would slide the unit carefully out of the recess to reveal a smaller recess and archway with a solid, well fitting oak door.
On this the 12th June at the break of dawn Grandpa and Paco set about the removal of the unit – a well honed technique they had developed – whilst the others waited in the kitchen diligently. 
“I don’t know about you guys but I’m tingling from head to toe” muttered Grandpa clapping his hands together and rubbing a fleshy rhythm as the skin of his aged palms glided across each others surface in anticipation. 
“me too” replied Grandma. . . nods and pursing lips between the couple showed that agreement was established.
A spiral of some twenty stone steps led down to a space about the size of your average living room, there was no man-made wall covering – just a naturally smoothed rock surface all around including the low ceiling. The floor was uneven and the opening of the well measured three feet across with a stone built wall around it which rose to about two feet above the floor level.
“we have about an hour before actual full moon” stated grandpa whilst studying his lunar calendar by lamplight. The room would be completely dark without the lamp but part of the spectacle they were there for was that an unexplainable white light would emanate from the well preceding the rise of water from deep within it. The water would stay risen as the light faded then it would recede back down the well. The whole event would normally be over in twenty minutes.
The anticipation was coupled by the audience with the personal preparation to savour every moment of the phenomenon. They each positioned themselves around the edge of the well, training their eyes downward into it, granddad extinguished the lamp and the wait began. The atmosphere was electric, then there it was – a dim light in the depths of the well slowly getting brighter, rippled light refracted patterns danced up the sides of the well into the room and onto the ceiling and the faces of the lookers. Then came sight of the water with its clarity intact, rising at about a foot per second – then the sound of the water as it rose and touched each new part of stone making a slight fizzing noise which got louder as it got closer. The light was such that it made the water seem to glow white.
Then something even grandpa hadn’t seen before, within a few seconds the five of them looked at each other not saying anything but all thinking the same thing – the water looked to have a greater velocity than on previous occasions – then it came, preceded by a hoard of rushing insects of various sorts. Profluent water proceeded to surge up to the top of the wall around the well and overflowed onto the floor, the room was evidently going to flood and the flow didn’t look like it was stopping any time soon. They naturally stepped back from the well – from which the water was now flowing out and covering the floor, with wet feet they backed to the steps and ascended them backwards in a tight group as the water and the light filled the room as fast as they could move up the stairs, their shadows un-naturally changing size and position as they moved.
The normal initial reaction to a kitchen flood would probably be to lift perishables off the floor, but the bigger picture of what was happening had put those thoughts to ground before they rose. Loud gurgling bubbles of air escaped from the ceiling of the cave and into the kitchen at floor level in a flatulent manner. The formidable flow of water was now accelerating across the kitchen floor and under the door, down the short passage to the front door, down the two small steps at the front of the house and out onto the dusty earth floor outside . . . soon forming a veritable flow which carved its way through the grass down the slope of the valley and into the dry stream bed. Even with the loss of water to the thirsty and absorbent earth floor – the flow was strong. 
The eyes of the silently staring chickens were wide and curious.
“quick “ said grandpa urgently “close the shutters” 
The light from the kitchen was so bright that it was beaming from the windows. Grandpa was determined to keep the secret of the well. Paco and Grandpa rushed back inside to contain the light – which was as bright as the evident light of dawn in the valley at this point. The house had become a temporary water source from which a confounding amount of water spewed, a sight which would never be forgotten.
It was only after the water slowed and its body receded back into the room below the kitchen that the soggy footed occupants stood looking at each other in the puddles and it became evident that they had all been crying profusely . . . but they all felt extremely happy. A spontaneous burst of laughter from everyone brought more tears. One could not imagine a happier feeling . . . it was at that moment , for the first time, Paco and Cheyla embraced and could no longer keep their feelings for each other inside them, a sacred ceremony of joy had taken place, and an amnesty for harboured feelings.
That day was spent close to the house with an almost military watch being implemented by the newly water-bonded family. As Coe took the experience on board he wandered alone and un-noticed, following the wet flat-grass path which the flood water had made down to the little stream, wondering where it would go he followed the otherwise dry stream seeing that the water must have gone this way by the ever diminishing dampness created by the flow, he didn’t think about much else – he was in one of his inquisitive trances. He walked along the bank of the stream for a long while until the now trickle of water joined the larger – but droughted river. The water from the stream didn’t go very far before soaking into the dried mud of the river-bed. He stood staring at the patterns that the trickle of the stream had made in the dried mud, still with the idea that there must have been a point to all of this. After some time he turned and followed the stream back toward the farm. 
A few hundred feet up stream a gust of wind came out of nowhere, it lifted Coe’s floppy hair along with his gaze and turned to swirl up the trees into an otherwise still forest scape. It drew him to change direction into the forest and toward the slope leading up the westerly continuation of the same ridge that was above the farm. There in a low clearing he found himself in – he noticed that the ground beneath his feet was moist, which alerted his mind once more. He stood for a minute or two then sat on the wet ground cross legged, the morning sun shone dappled light through the breeze tickled leaves and a strange silence came about. He could see the leaves moving but he couldn’t make sense of the fact that it had fallen so silent. The clearing was a natural one, for in the middle of it was a great oak, the queen of the forest, she was by natures deed the oldest tree in the forest and demanded allot of root space – making the area around it practically uninhabitable for other plants.
The boy felt a sense of being in a dream, the large tree in front of him started to slowly bow it’s branches with a faint creaking sound – forming a large enclosure with Coe inside, a single branch came down from the centre of the tree and gently touched the middle of his forehead after which the branches sprang back making all of the noise one would expect of such a thing. Coe stood, backed away from the tree, paused and then ran straight to the royal trunk and hugged it with all the might of his outstretched little arms. He didn’t know the feeling, but he liked it. 
Coe felt very different, he thought back to the Bees, then to the well and then on to the tree. New, bigger things were the stuff of his thoughts now, realising an awakening of something within himself, he breathed with a new determination. 
When he arrived back at the meadow of the homestead he stopped and looked up at the open morning sky, “another sunny day” he said out loud and walked purposefully toward the farm with a big, new smile. Full happiness was felt.
Part 2
The Meeting

Meetings like this one happen every year all over the world, meetings which pre-empt the ‘Bilderberg Group’ annual meeting which happens once a year. These smaller meetings are conferences of different types which take place over several weeks between various ministers and directors in the countries where the B.G.member’s corporations are dominant. Evidence and minutes of these smaller meetings are correlated and siphoned up to the relevant Bilderberg member through a network of P.A’s and hand-shakers. Jurgen was to meet with Germany’s minister of justice.
“talk about big fish” he said as he graced the view from his penthouse office suite whilst striding across the large window space and admiring his own reflection,
 “I can feel it, it’s a time of growth, a time for expansion, I love it” his voice bold and firm, relishing in the feeling of power he got from being in the office.
To him the meeting was simply an experience he could carry around with him, he would add it to his collection of other such experiences and conjure his own brand of eminence out of them. But the system he worked to was a thorough one, within the huge staff he had included amongst his personal assistants was a team – handpicked by his father, they kept a close watch on the trends of the markets, researching all areas of the progress of ‘Braun media group’ and all of its subsidiaries and investments. They worked to a rigid system that had been in place for decades. If any business client of the group was in decline or ascent it would be logged and presented for assessment. So Jurgen really only had to be there and to know if there were any significant problems . . . there weren’t, there hadn’t been since 1976 - the year the Bilderberg group failed to meet. Jurgen hadn’t made the connection between the B.G. meetings and the ensuing social zeitgeist but he remembered 1976 . . . the pre-emptive local meetings had still taken place even that there was not to be a Bilderberg Group meeting that year, the outcome was that the projected market trends were out of sync with the real world trends and as the media was the eyes and ears , mouth and nose of market trends, it fell to them the responsibility and the blame for the outcome, a bitter blow to the finance and reputation of the company. Jurgen had this uncomfortable memory stashed in a much different collection of experiences . . . 
* * *
(1976) . . . He had been called to a press conference where representatives of his competitors and corporate lawyers were to take his presentation and ask questions on the failing markets . . . turned out it was more of an interrogative inquisition, Jurgen had crumbled and left the speakers platform pretending his microphone didn’t work – it wasn’t very convincing – the day was saved by his newly employed personal assistant Thomas who’d had the presence of mind to step up and site the pledge of the newspapers guild – of which Jurgens father was the president – reiterating it section by section in a hypnotic monotone, receiving a ripple of applause and making an announcement for refreshments at the bar before walking calmly from the same platform. He had proved his worth.
Things were sweet now though, all was well in the corporate arena, the company was shining it’s shoes ready for a new dawn and Jurgen had learnt his lesson well. With Thomas by his side he felt safe, his personal ritual for important meetings was simply to have Thomas alongside him preceding and during the event. He had created the position of ‘close personal assistant’ especially for Thomas. Jurgen was calmed by the way his friend spoke, and by the way he thought before he spoke, his presentation and background knowledge of the subjects he embarked upon showed skills Jurgen was impressed by – though frequently the philosophical nature of Thomas went over his head somewhat. In all truth Jurgen didn’t really have the will to acquire such skills, as long as he had Thomas he knew he could always calmly hand over to him and his revised knowledge of company strategies, he saw them as a team.
The day before the meeting.

“we should do squash before breakfast ya”? The idea of a businessman playing sports of any kind had always been quite odd to Jurgen but it had become a popular trend, office people were embracing the idea that they needed to do some physical activity to balance out the static nature of their employment. It was one campaign which actually did make complete sense, and a successful campaign it had been. The media had paved the way for the growth of the new industry by presenting the compelling argument for its benefits, employing the use of celebrity to sell the idea . . . physical sports are addictive, people spent money buying bikes, powders, equipment and specialised clothing. Health and fitness clubs sprang up everywhere. A new industry was born and with it came the race to dominate the market. The 1980’s, the decade that was to set a new pace for future growth. 
‘Braun media group’ was a sponsor and majority shareholder in a string of health clubs which had sprung up in Frankfurt and was soon to spread throughout Germany, contributing to the success of the ‘fitness campaign’ and clinching the profits from it – a brand new channel of funds to be extracted through profit from the circulatory money-pool of the commons.
Jurgen had become a more grounded person due to regular sport, he was addicted to squash.
“I want you along on the trip, we will leave after breakfast and arrive in time for lunch, the minister will want to discuss our fitness advertising strategy”
All major industries carry complicated political and legal implications/obligations which need discussing regularly as the industry grows and changes, sometimes legislation must be changed and statutes created to allow a freer game board for business players.
“we are responsible for the protection and growth of our investment . . . hm? . . . the minister has shown an interest in personally investing in the company” 
Jurgen knew that he would have the upper hand at the meeting, it sold itself. The health and fitness game had become a side of the business he personally oversaw, to be on such terms with a high flying political figure as this was a nugget of credibility for his collection.
* * *
Koln is a rather precarious place for a city, regular flooding over the years has caused the psyche of the place and it’s people to develop their own brand of tough attitude. The people of Koln are not easily thrown off balance by events, there is an apparent air of stability which does not depend on political, social or structural integrity, ready for upheaval at a moment’s notice. This was one of the earliest Christian-dominated cities in northern Europe, it was once as central to Europe as any capital is to a country . . . and it harboured the Braun family’s roots and heritage. 
After the levelling of Koln in 1942 by allied bombing many families resettled in other cities, in the case of the Braun’s re-location was on the edge of Frankfurt am main, the greater part of which was also the site of massive bombing raids in 1944. Very soon after the war the city had re-established it’s central position amongst the new and growing economic powers of the nation. The Braun newspaper company was reduced to printing leaflets at this time, working closely with the new political structure and with the allies, spreading media of mass social calming, directing information to a people jostling for new beginnings, a people who’s social continuity had been shattered, crying out for instruction. It is really from that time that the Braun empire took shape, Jurgens father had honed relations with politicians and pioneered the strategy by which the business would grow alongside the new political system.
* * *
The business suite at the Altstadt hotel – close to the twin spired Cathedral – was the venue, and a four day trip was planned, time for a little business break. The first day was to be a meeting between just the two of them, more of a catch up than anything. They had known each other for many years and they’d often used each other’s connection networks to bolster deals. The small crowd which met in the hotel foyer on the first day consisted of Jurgen, Thomas, Frederick – Jurgen’s financial adviser – and the minister ‘Konrad’ and his accountant. They all greeted each other and the two Businessmen nodded their staff to a day off.
Sananda had been hit by an unexpected occurrence, he at once had become both transfixed and distracted by the beauty of the young female accountant who was to be there at the hotel for the full four days. . .
“Hey, ummm, my name is actually Sananda . . . urmmmm . . . I wanted to tell you . . . ” Sananda was lost, he didn’t know what he wanted to tell her, and in true klutz style came across like a bumbling schoolboy.
“my name is Michelle, Michelle Marquis, very pleased to meet you”, with a slightly nervous but calming smile she held out her hand for shaking and the air between the pair was suddenly more loose somehow. They both had the feeling that they knew each other from somewhere and laughed at the strangeness of it – this was the beginning of what was later to become a partnership, they both felt it. Sananda was a large man, 5’11” and about 16 stone, Michelle was 5’3” and barely made 8 stone. The couple did not see the comedy in the image that would stand out to any onlooker. Their individual communicative skills made conversation a pleasure for each of them, Michelles passion for mythology and her understanding of ancient history coupled with Sanandas philosophical outlook on current and past times and paradigms made for a very fulfilled blossoming of the friendship.
The trip was over too soon for the couple, she was to return to Holland and he to Frankfurt, but they were both left with a feeling that their lives would never feel the same again. Sananda had been planning a trip to visit his folks in Austria, he invited Michelle along. The idea excited her as she had not been to Austria, she had a long term wish to do so though which was now augmented when Sananda told her where the family home was, a small village in an area called ‘Thor’ in the mountains not so far from Salzburg city. They arranged to meet one week from the day they parted – to fly to Salzburg.
The great passage

In the time when Humans didn’t externalise their connection to that energy which created them – by creating images and names, deities and gods . . . and when we were still innocent to our own potential for destruction, there were whole aeons when we existed as the beings which expressed a truly pure energy of the universe – in human form – not some ideal of a fair society that we might visualise today – that would be entrenched with the baggage of the modern mind with its built in need for reward and punishment in which only remain gossamer threads of unconscious connection to the energy and cycles of the universe.
The Earth, though most of us at best take it mainly to be a spherical collection of spinning matter – our planet which we can walk around on. To others, knowledge of the magnetic fields around the Earth creates an understanding of energy which transcends the realms of the social reality to which humans devote the greater part of their consciousness. There are lines of energy which form an intricate network around the globe. Magnetic energy is one we can detect or measure but other energies are not so apparent to us in the physical world, it would be a bit like trying to imagine a fourth primary colour or to a lesser degree a number larger than 9. In other words it is necessary to put all concepts of what the planet means to us aside and view the Earth as a living thing and all things on it as parts and layers of the phases of life which the planet passes through. . . much like a human – the form goes through infancy, childhood, adolescence, adulthood, old age and finally demise . . . you can break it down many ways but these stages can be applied across most flourishings of existence – it would be a good start for us to teach our young of this paradigm, to be acknowledged at the core of education and as the basis for all other systems we create. 
* * *
Ancient civilizations have left evidence of there having been communication between continents, long before we had developed external technological transportation and communication vehicles. When we think of going somewhere we have to consider the journey, the time and the method we will use for getting our physical body from ‘a to b’. These journeys invariably exploiting disproportionate energy and serving any one of several external or physiological demands . . . to visit someone, to collect or deliver something, to see a great landmark, to repeatedly do the same return journey to work every day, there are many reasons to travel and we have developed methods to make this quicker for us to do.
We have little knowledge or understanding of the energy of the universe for which we are a potential conduit, apart from our own existentialism – and so our motivations for travel pertain to the egotistical needs of the individual self – making for a colourful array of weird and wonderful outbursts of ‘human behaviour’ which are generally only momentarily and physically significant, even to us, and the products and consequential damage of these behaviours will die with us as a matter of course.
The water, land and wind on the planet are subject to magnetic and gravitational forces – all of which – along with fire – we depend on for survival, the theory here is that the external relationship we have with fire is an intimate one, it was only when we learned to utilise fire that we realised the potential we had for changing something into something else – inedible into edible. . . wood into heat. . .rock into metal. . .and ultimately matter into energy . . . all of these morphasese are only possible for us so far with the use of fire, all material technology comes from the utilisation of fire – with the exception of the windmill and other primitive cyclic devices. The question here is , are we using it ? or is it using us? 
So, there being a small selection of ‘energies’ we can relate to – healing, destructive, playful, loving, angry etc . Consider that there are energies that the planet would have us use as a collective and as a working piece of the puzzle which is this planets own entire lifespan. If we are to fulfil the obligation we have to the possibility of our existence, we must learn this.
Through the various lay lines and in energy hot-spots exist channels and junctions – of which the evolution of consciousness in animals has evolved to be a part – the top of the ladder of which humans (arguably) are currently at. All of the things we have learned through our technologies have culminated to make this world seem smaller and smaller, travel has become easy, communication effortless and the sharing of information – instant. All of these things are only made possible through the use of fire – which is also the element pertaining most dominantly to the function of our nervous system and brain – electricity. Are we reminding ourselves of the abilities we need to hone in our being – things which we have forgotten – and transcend our dependence on material consumption for these purposes? Can we tap into natures provision of a communication network? We will have to change . . . or at least realise the difference between ‘want’ and ’need’ before we are able to do so, after all fire is also one of the elements which – combined with the others – causes the possibility of our existence. One has to ask . . . is the reality of all of the external stuff we have created to enhance our existence destined to exist naturally within each of us? As it may once have done in the past.

Have we shed our natural identity? 
Have Homosapiens outgrown their use?
Austria

A scruffy unkempt man was waiting in the arrivals hall of Salzburg airport, Sanandas older brother. The brothers were of mountain stock, these mountain people have a connection to the mountains which goes back through history to the time of the Teutonic tribes which Michelle had been studying, but she knew little of the mountain people today.
Willy or ‘Villy’ was as tall as Sananda and wore a dusty three quarter length brown leather coat, leather trousers and cowboy type leather hat, the combo was footed by hi-top leather winkle-pickers . . . the same outer layer he had worn for years, he could have stepped straight out of a fist full of dollars – but without the stirrups. He was the eldest brother. Sananda and he were very different, Sanandas education had been afforded against the odds, the whole family had put together to send him to Steiner school on account of his clearly intellectual aptitude. The other brothers – of which there were three – were not school educated at all, “many of the families of the Austrian tribal people educate their own – in the ways of the life they live, with the care and upkeep of the people and the habitat at the core of community and learning – not like the systematic training we call education in modern culture. 
The tribes were dispersed, more of a network of families scattered around the mountains, some are almost completely inaccessible and very illusive.
The silence of the 80km drive was broken after 10 minutes . . . “so , what’s new brother”? 
“well I have been promoted . . . but then that was four years ago”
“I knew that” . . . the reflection of Villys eyes danced from side to side cheekily and intrusively between Sananda and Michelle in the rear view mirror, smiling like a free man, “hmm”? 
Sananda felt protective “you must excuse my brother , he’s. . .”
“ it’s ok” said Michelle “I suppose I am the new thing and your brother seems very happy to see you. . . with me. . . that’s nice”
“you’re right , you got it in one, looks like my little brother has found his soul mate” . . . though Villy had chuckled his way through this sentence he had chosen his words quite carefully.
Sananda rolled his eyes and smiled, “I can’t hide anything from you Villy, you always know my mind brother, you always have”
The couple’s hands tightened their grip upon each other whilst their fingers wove together on the back seat as they glanced at each other with a smile in their eyes which if formed into a word would have said ‘forever’.
March in the Alps is generally a calm time albeit amid the seasonal snow, but this year was different, the snow had been in decline over recent years leaving the land largely uncovered. 
The day was sunny and clear with a steady north-westerly wind causing a slight tightening of the eyelids of the three as they walked from the car to the house, Villy stopped ,faced into the wind for a few seconds as if to smell something on it, shook his head and continued to the house where introductions were made to the rest of Sanandas family, food was prepared and consumed, discussions were had and familiarities established. As the night fell, so the house piped down and it’s human population turned in for the night. 
“I gave your hut a spruce up yesterday, seems fine, stocked it up a bit for you” said Villy as he bid the couple good night “oh and I think we have some rain tonight”. Sananda had his own small house for sleeping in – as did all of his siblings. 
* * *
A more intellectual relationship you won’t find than that of this couple, Michelle and Sananda shared something in common that suited them both – to be clear about what they meant by what they said . . . both would counterpoint their sentences in order to eliminate the possibility of miscomprehension, always waiting for the other to finish before speaking. A great mutual respect seemed to be the basis of their friendship and through the growth of such – each of them empowered the other. They were in a love of each others minds . . . Sananda told stories of the mountain community to the soundtrack of heavy rain on the roof, including stories of how what remains of the old tribal ways is alive and kicking to this day, how they still have their network of communication. Visits between the different groups or families are regular, taking care of each other keeping the old ways alive, supporting each other with their various skills and available resources. A non religious people who’s tribal identity is quietly tolerated by the other inhabitants, mainly due to the tribes obscurity. Traditionally, the two tribes – the Huzuls and the Boyko – were a people who lived by a code of looking after their surroundings, with the responsibility for the mountains and respect for the nature around them. Stories are told of ‘the spirit of the mountain’, a spirit often appearing as an old man or an animal in the mountains and forests, keeping an eye on things. This spirit is known in Germany as ‘Rubizal’ . . . he could appear as anyone or anything and so the people had developed a sense of responsibility and respect toward each other and their surroundings, paying the highest respect to even the small details of their environment .
Michelle fell in love also with the mountains, she felt at home,
“I can imagine living here . . . together? someday?” Was the first thing she said to Sananda the following morning. This new awakening of the romance in her heart was making it’s stand, making up for lost time – and her biological clock was causing her libido to do the same. The pair would not leave the small house for three days, they did not even leave the bed except to get food and drink, but they hungered not much for such things and didn’t even notice the funk of the air in the space they occupied, they were in bliss.
Sanandas heart was full of happiness at Michelles words, overwhelmed with the best feeling there is . . . knowing without question that the one you love truly loves you. 
* * *
A poem by the author.
If wishing was the thing to do
I’d wish to spend my time with you
and if by chance my wish came true
I’d wish it had been wished by you.
* * *
Smiling in a state of highness Sananda turned to Michelle
“it has always been my plan to settle here, this is a house built for me alone though, a single man’s dwelling, there’s work to be done to make it a home for us!”.
*
The tradition amongst the tribes when it comes to dwellings is that word would be spread amongst the mountain folk with the calling together of the builders of houses, a team would form from the corners of the tribal lands and put themselves to work, often a house could be built completely in one or two weeks from the timber of the forests of the mountains.
* * *
The fourth day also was spent mostly in the bed. In the middle of the afternoon the couple had risen from their cocoon – where all manner of subject had been covered in perfect harmonious collaboration, the fields of physical and mental love making had been well and truly ploughed. They tried to leave the shack time and time again but kept returning like magnets to their love nest . . . they were the components and pilots of a vehicle of love running at full throttle – and they had lost sight and memory of the ignition key. Hours of time between events were spent looking into each others eyes, a language of silent communication made for a true understanding of the promise which was in each of their hearts.
“I will speak with my father about setting up a building crew, but there are many plans to be made.”
It was dinner time by now and for sure they were being expected, Sanandas folks were thrilled that their youngest son was in love and they approved of the partnership wholly. When all were present around the table, Sananda made an announcement . . . 
“I am planning to return home” the room fell silent with anticipation, “we want to come and live here, here in my house . . . it needs to be bigger though”
The house – a hut – just a single large room with bathroom, with electricity, plumbing and bed plus a few minor comforts – had been put together when Jurgen was in his late teens. The mountain houses are traditionally built from wood – of which a supply was kept, stored and dried in large shelters all over the mountain range, extensions and enlargements to dwellings were made as the requirement for such arose. 
Sanandas father agreed to put the motion in action. The old ways would have required a coded series of blasts on mountain horns, simply alerting the tribes scattered folk to the necessity for convergence on any one of a set of different needs, but in the modern world the need for such things has died since the convenience of transport and telephones arrived in this world.
* * *
Sanandas loyalty to Jurgen as a friend was now on the shelf . . . “what will he do”? he asked aloud the question which begged an answer in his mind, the very same mind which was reluctant to even think about the situation with Jurgen – but his eyes said it all when he looked at Michelle, he forgot all notions of returning to the ‘civilised’ world. . . so did she . . . but they would only be in Austria for one more week, both having responsibilities to the demands of business on their return, both their lives were in a state of transition.
The week was quickly up and farewells at the airport were made, Sananda would travel to Eindhoven with Michelle, she wanted desperately for her father and Sananda to meet. She would make the necessary arrangements as soon as they got to her apartment.
Rock

Michelles apartment seemed so small and inadequate to her now, she felt like a visitor in a strangers home, “this is odd, I don’t feel like I’m home. . . who is this person I had become?”
“would you like some time to yourself? to adjust” asked Sananda, “I understand how you must feel”
Michelle looked up at Sananda with an empty look of sad realisation “I don’t want to adjust” sniffing in the nasal water which usually accompanies tears, “not to this anyway”
Sananda felt uncomfortable, the apartment was small and noticeably tidy, no sign of life beyond a professionals dwelling was to be seen.
“I can’t stay here” said Michelle, determined not to let the grey cloud she noticed – that she had never noticed before – engulf her again, the cloud which had formed out of the vapours of the loneliness of her previous life, the cloud which had put an impenetrable ceiling and walls around her life and interests. The inner longing for love and happiness had been diverted into a fear of finding it, fuelled by the lack of companionship her world had enforced, she had become to loneliness as the man on the train had become to his smell, and she had protected herself from the thing she wanted the most . . . she burst into tears as she looked at her previous life, “I’m the luckiest girl alive to have found you”.
“Let’s go . . . is there anything you need from here? Asked Sananda 
“no” she said quickly, grabbing Sanandas hand and making eagerly for the door, “all I need is you right now”
Sananda pulled Michelle close and held her in his arms, he looked around the flat as if to warn this proverbial grey cloud – which he had noticed too – against any attempt to return into Michelles life – and led her through the door, “we’ll go to a hotel” he said.
“no, I don’t want to stay in this town, can we go to your place”? Michelle said between sniffs.
“of course”
The pair headed for the train station, Michelle crying most of the way, attempting a smile at Sananda between tears and sniffs. 
The train journey would pass by Kerkrade . . . “I so want you to meet my father . . . maybe we can stop by the monastery and surprise him?”
“if you are up to it”
“oh I am, it will make father so happy . . . he’s very old and I don’t know how long he is going to be with us . . . it’s funny, the last time I saw him he made a point of telling me that I wasn’t happy . . . I couldn’t see it . . . even when he told me, I couldn’t see it”
Sananda recognised the depth of what Michelle was going through . . .
“so let’s do it, it’s still early and I would very much like to meet this old adventurer” 
The two smiled and Michelle wiped the tears from her cheeks as they walked into the station.
* * *
On arrival at the door of Gerhardt’s room Michelle noticed a strange thing . . . ‘whistling’ ,. . . it reminded her of . . . just then old Mr. Marquis sprang around the half open door. . . 
“I sought I could hear somesing, my sveet how are you? vhat a surprise! And who is zis”?
Michelle was in shock and Sananda was getting the picture, could this be the frail old man Michelle had spoken of? 
“Father, what is going on”? she asked under a smile as Gerhardt embraced her, long and strong.
“Oh zere is no more time to vaste . . . who is ziss fine young man?, wait . . . I recognise him” he said squinting.
“no you don’t . . . Father, this is Sananda”
Gerhardt turned to face Sananda, “ze spirit” he said, “ze spirit of healing and of love . . . young man”! . . . he looked back and forth between the couple, quickly assessing the situation and reading the look in Michelles eyes . . . “you are good for her, ziss is ze best sing I could have hoped for . . . come on you two, help me to clear out ziss room”
“you are moving rooms”?
“I am moving out . . . I sought I vould visit you in Eindhoven, zen I remembered zat you said you vould be avay for a vhile . . . you are back!” he paused “vot are you doing here? Vaer are you going”?
“Father, I am leaving my old life behind, Sananda and I will move to Austria” 
“Austria? . . . Ze mountains?”
The two answered ‘yes’ at the same time, 
“it vas a guess!. . . Ha! zere are allot of mountains in Austria . . . I know, I have been zere” . . . he was laughing.
“Father, I haven’t seen you like this for so long”
“I know, I have not much time zo . . . oh don’t vorry I am not planning on leaving you just yet, zere are sings I need to do, sings I cannot die vizout knowing, come”
Gerhardt grabbed a bag and took one last look around the room which had been his home for all these years “ pick up zat heavy box vood you big man, and zoze bags zere” he waved his finger back into the room directing Michelle as he hobbled quickly out.
“I left a message at ze office to tell you I vas coming, no need for zat now eh?”
“but father, we’re going to Frankfurt”
Gerhardt stopped for a moment . . . ”OK . . . Frankfurt it is zen”
“You are coming with us?” Michelle looked up at Sananda for his reaction . . . He nodded his head 
“it’s fine with me, I have enough room”. 
Sanandas house was in Frankfurt old town, only small parts of the city had survived the intense bombing, and in those parts only a small number of the original houses remained intact. His house was a terraced house, one of the only three left still intact in what had once been a row of fifty, the house was small but homely. The rest of the street was as modern as you like but when you walked into this house you could feel the ‘old Germany’. The house did not belong to Sananda, it was a company house, one of many owned by his employers ‘Braun media group’, it had been the Braun family home after their relocation from Koln in 1942, spared by good fortune from the bombing in 44 . . . allocated to Sananda for its proximity to Jurgens office address.
The train journey had a change in Koln then on to Frankfurt, Gerhardt talked for practically the whole way, he talked through the details of some of the discoveries he had made during his career, reminding himself of the feeling of adventure and passion that had once been what his life typified. There was a thread which both Michelle and Sananda had become aware of in what the old man spoke of – a thread of gold which spun a web through the very flesh and matter of all things, the blood of the earth and all things of the earth. 
It was late when they arrived at the house in Frankfurt, Sananda showed his new guests inside and to the living room,
“I will make some coffee. . . where shall I put your box?”
“oh you just put it down vere you sink, it’s your house”
Sananda put the box on the coffee table. 
“make ze coffee, zen I have somesing to show to you” 
The box had been heavy, Sananda imagined it to be full of books. When he returned from the kitchen with the coffee the box was open and to Sanandas surprise it’s only contents were a few items of clothing, some shoes, a blanket, a bunch of keys and a small brass sweet tin,
“you are vundering yes? Vhy so heavy? Hm?”
“yes , I was” , Sananda looked around the room quickly expecting there to be a pile of books on the floor. . .
“pick up ze tin, take ze lid off” , Sananda did so and from the weight of the tin he instantly realised there would be no books . . .
“what is this? “ Sananda unscrewed the lid and put the tin on the couch, it seemed to be full with strips of medical lint,
“feel about in zere, it’s very small” 
Michelle watched as Sananda tipped a tiny fragment of rock from the box into his palm, the muscles in his forearms straining slightly under the weight, “this is unbelievable”
The tiny splinter of rock measured about a centimetre in length and three or four millimetres across, with hard and sharp edges and one smooth side.
“It is a specimen I have never been able to figure out, I stumbled over it by sheer accident, ze damn sing nearly broke my toe ven it fell off ze statue” Gerhardt went on to recall the story . . .
“I vas in Africa, a special mission on ze edge of ze mountainous region of Morocco, ve vere to take certain artefacts which had been uncovered and sold to a collector back in England, zis vas before ze voor, anyvay ve had to dig zem out you see, vun of ze smaller pieces vas very heavy, ve sought it must have been solid gold, zen it suddenly became lighter and my toe was crushed, I found ze fragment in ze dust an put it in my shoe . . . ha, now I had zen two reasons to limp . . . it vas not part of ze acquisition und it vas not part of ze statue and so I kept it. I have performed some tests on ze rock and I have found nussing extraordinary . . . somesing interesting did happen zough. . . zat day, ze day it happened, by ze time I got back to camp my toe vas much better, it just didn’t hurt anymore and just a small bruise remained . . . it had felt like broken before, how could zis be? “
* * *
Nobody in the room had an explanation for the apparent power of the fragment, one thing Sananda did notice was that the longer he held the thing the stronger the feeling grew, this feeling, he could not identify with . . . Michelle too had the same sensation just from holding it.
“I vas looking at it for a couple of hours earlier today, it has some kind of regenerative properties, I don’t know but zere are only traces of ze common elements I vould expect to find in a rock . . . I say let’s sleep now und talk in ze morning”. 
The next few days would be spent tying up loose ends and getting ready for the move to Austria, Michelle arranged the sale and clearance of her flat. The phone rang regularly, Sananda felt sure it would be Jurgen but didn’t answer, he needed to be clear about his intentions . . . 
“the man will not be happy, I will leave his employment but he won’t be happy”, Sananda thought for a moment . . . “I have an idea” he turned to Gerhardt
“this rock has had some effect on us all here, agreed”? the three nodded to each other . . . “to me it feels like a balancing of energy, in different ways we have all been lifted into some kind of clarity!”
“ve must keep it a secret zo, I have kept zis secret for many years and believe zis rock to hold some answers to qvestions of life and longevity, if ze rock maintains its power vizout diminishing over all zese years, it must possess an energy of a different type to ze energies of our vuerld, our terrestrial energies are subject to cycles, zeir movement srough zese cycles sustains zem and zeir cycles, but zey all share ze same growss patterns, growing from apparently nussing at all , sustaining a lifespan, diminishing und returning to dust . . . ziss energy – ze energy of zis rock – is not diminishing, zere is a key here, a key to understanding our own energy, and maybe taking control of it . . . does zis make sense to you?”
*
Sanandas idea had been to invite Jurgen to dinner – exposing him to the rock . . . but Gerhardt was right, the secret was to be kept.
Michelle was making the connection from rock to energy through her understanding of the stories from mythology, stories she believed to be messages, stories with lowest common denominators sent down through the ages, messages which might have given us an understanding of our universe and our world as we evolved and which may serve as a reminder of universal law which we were meant to adhere to. These stories created and passed down by our ancestors from a time when consciousness was higher, a time when we knew we would be heading into a long period of suppression or low consciousness, and into an age of the external . . . a low period when we would serve other more primal energies, a time of sleep for our consciousness, unconscious neglect. She saw the stories as something which we as a race once set ourselves up with to help keep our heads above water while this dark tide of low vibration engulfed us, but that over time our commitment to our external reality has blinded us to the purpose and meaning of the stories – giving them meanings which fit within the acceptable parameters of our reality.
Sananda on the other hand was seeing a different relevance, he saw that people seemed to live by the cycles prevalent to whatever predominant environment they are born into, learning the rules and getting on within the cycles created by that environment, our consciousness detached from any other universal purpose, his belief was that if we recognised and lived within the natural limitations of time and motion we would have a different perspective of time, as it is – it is as if we are rushing through and dragging time with us – like when you run down a hill and the momentum you achieve demands more speed than you can physically provide, every next step is a lucky landing until you fall.
“you are bosse right, you are barking up ze same tree, I remember too vell ze same soughts I was having vhen I spent time around ze fragment, it has been in a vault under ze monastery for ze last tventy years, my own self pity has dominated my werld since your muzzer died and I have not been able to entertain any new ideas or focus on any kind of study . . . anyvay I don’t really sink sings vill change for humans until ve vake up . . . all ziss, do you see now? is vhy ve must keep ziss a secret, ze vay ze brain of man vorks today in zis low frequency . . . the propensity for corruption is dangerously high”.
Turning tables, Crossing time..

That there always seems to be a dominant party in relationships is accepted by most, even that the dominance is shared or exchanged in different situations. That dominance is an empowerment which is handed to one party by the other, wether earned or taken, given or forced. This is arguably a fundamental part of the oneness we seek with each other through relationships. Giving one another the confidence to be ones self to the point where both parties take on or accept the changes which occur as a result . . . in turn the lack or loss of confidence in an individual can shatter their position in that relationship, that is a thought which leaders would do well to remember within their relationship with the people.
Many of the stories from mythology seem to serve the purpose of reminding us of how we as humans can utilize power and how we ultimately depend on each other for empowerment.
* * *
Sanandas’ first day back at work was to be fairly casual, Jurgen was excited about his return, he had not just missed ‘the man’, he had missed having someone around who didn’t guard his privacy too closely. To be sure Sananda was an open book, something about him empowered Jurgen, the way of it was that Sananda gave Jurgen the respect required from an employee without compromising his own integrity. The priority for Sananda today was to hand in his notice . . . Jurgen had no clue of this . . . the power was Sanandas . . . it always had been.
“welcome home Thomas, you have had a nice holiday? How is your lady friend? How was Austria?” . . .
It was hard for Sananda to react to these questions as the predominant thought which filled his being was that of Michelle and of the future in which lay adventure and discovery and love, three things which didn’t apply to his job description.
. . . ”while you were gone there were some interesting developments, I want you to look at the Volkswagen contract, they’re moving into Seat, it’s just talk at the moment but it seems inevitable, it’s a very important move for our company, we must alter our strategy, VW are on the down, they have been for a while and this could see them rise up through the market again, I had a call from . . . Hayn, Hoohn, what’s his name? . . . apparently they have a new advertising strategy . . . this contract means allot to my father, he was there at their beginning, some people remember what VW represented, before and after the war, they don’t call it the peoples car for nothing” 
All Sananda could hear was Jurgens tone, he hadn’t taken any of what Jurgen had said on-board and only now realised that his friendship with him had been fairly hollow, this thought was not reciprocated as such, Jurgen needed Thomas, he had become dependent on the whole idea of him. 
Sananda wanted to get the quitting task over with but his compassion for Jurgen got the better of him
“there is something I need to do Mr. Braun” 
Jurgen heard an assertiveness in Sanandas’ voice he didn’t recognise which made him feel a little uneasy – scared even, Sananda noticed this, cleared his throat and announced in a gentler tone . . . “I am getting married” . . .
As soon as he said it he realised that he was protecting Jurgen from the inevitable and complete truth, he silently promised himself he would fulfil the deed before the day was out.
“ congratulations . . . let’s go to the house, I’m having a party at the weekend, they’re setting up a ‘sweat lodge’, at my house! . . . do you know what that is”?
“yes Mr. Braun”
Jurgen knew deep down that something had changed 
“when is the happy day for you and your new lady? It is the accountant girl isn’t it? I believe she is the daughter of the old general who started the firm, my father knew of him, he was an eminent man by all accounts, and a bit of an adventurer? . . .”
The conversation was tainted for Sananda by a certain awkwardness. He could hear the words but they didn’t seem worthy of a response, Sananda had never been the object of Jurgens interest before, it felt strange, the balance between them was different, as if they both knew the relationship would never be the same . . . something lost and something gained . . . they both tried to create the atmosphere they had previously been used to in their relationship but in the two week period of being apart, enough had changed in Sanandas life to cause the relationship to fracture.
A short silence was broken by a third voice . . .
“. . .I never actually met the man myself, don’t know if he’s still alive” old Mr. Braun had been sitting and listening in a large and concealing arm chair at the far side of the room which he had now turned to face into the room.
A look in his father’s eye and the tone of his voice hung in the air, Jurgen had no reason to be suspicious and yet that was the feeling he was left with . . . what he had no inkling of was that he was very strategically positioned between the hunter and its prey, one move in the wrong direction could completely scupper the formulating plans of his father, and yet the importance of Jurgen in the unfolding story of the fragment was as far from anyone’s mind as it could be . . . he was the perfect candidate. Jurgen was confused and speechless.
Sananda responded promptly, “yes, he is sir. . .”
It was no good, Sananda couldn’t keep up the pretence, angry with himself for having avoided the task so far . . .
“mr Braun . . . I will be going back to live in Austria . . . I will also be handing in my notice” Sananda paused whilst realising that he had been a little short in his announcement and Jurgens face reflected this well . . . 
“I have enjoyed working for you sir but I am at a new junction of my life”
Jurgen didn’t know what to say, he looked completely devastated, “I see . . . is there anything I can do to . . .? . . . oh and . . . please, call me Jurgen”
“no sir/Jurgen . . . I’ve made up my mind”
Jurgen slumped back into his office chair holding his chin between his thumb and the knuckle of his forefinger, his emotions tottering between fear, anger and sadness, his face was expressing the same, he wanted to say ‘you can’t do that’ . . . but Sananda had had a resolve in his voice which had left no room for negotiation, . . .
Jurgen felt helpless . . . ”new junction in your life?. . . what does that mean”? 
Old mr Braun quietly swivelled his seat to once more conceal his visible presence but words came from the large chair . . . “let him go . . . he’s in love”.
” for god’s sake you are not a train, hah!” 
jurgen was quickly losing his cool, he was frustrated at not having the power to change the situation. Sananda had an idea . . . 
“I can stay for a couple of weeks, my family are working on my house in Austria and it won’t be ready till then anyway . . . why don’t you come for dinner one evening?” 
“of course . . . I am sorry . . . you are free to start a new life . . . how does that feel? I mean . . . my life is fixed” he sighed “I can probably predict my exact circumstances in ten years, how does it feel to have a new beginning, an indefinite future in front of you? . . . dinner? . . . Ok “.
“well sir” . . . Sananda could see that Jurgen was struggling deeply with the situation, “I am excited about the future, but you know . . . I will miss being here . . .”
Jurgen had swivelled his chair to face the view which normally empowered him, catching his own reflection in the glass – he sneered, it didn’t work this time, someone had taken the sugar and the straw out of his lemonade. 
Despite a distant look in his eye Jurgen cleared his throat with the pretence of positivity – somewhere deeper in his eye was an eager tear but he wouldn’t let it out just yet, instead he pulled on his official mask “two weeks you say? It will take me longer than that to replace you”
Sananda tried to reassure Jurgen . . . 
“the others in the team are very efficient, it may just take time to adjust”
“but you are my close personal assistant “ suddenly Jurgen had forgotten about the business, the mask he had been wearing was now slipping from his face, he was dealing with the greatest personal loss he had experienced – that he could remember.
“this is getting complicated sir”
“you’re right”
Jurgen made a hand gesture in the direction of the door “give me half an hour would you . . . please sananda”
Sananda left the office relieved, ‘that was the hard part’ he thought.
Back at the house Michelle and her father were mapping a trail “it is just ze beginning, ve cannot know vhat ve vould need to know for ziss expedition, all ve have is a fragment of rock and I don’t know if it has any humanly historical significance, it is not of ziss earss I am sure . . . but being such a small fragment I am certain zat zere must be more like it somevhere on ze planet . . . ziss . . . is not like any rock on ze planet zat I have seen”.
They decided that a good place to start would be to try and list the masses of land which had been through the least geological movement, studying the plates of the earth’s crust and the geological history pertaining to it. The plan was to create a process of elimination. They would spend the next two weeks in and out of the library, and they only had one clue . . . the fragment was found in the Atlas mountains.
“ziss is not easy, ze plates have moved immeasurably since before man even existed . . . ve do know zough zat ze Atlantic ridge has been pushing the American continents apart from ze African and European continents, and so ve vill have to consider ziss in our research”.
*
It was now 1986, the internet as we know it was not in existence yet, not to the general public anyway, it had been created in the 1960’s in its original form as a network for the military, at this time there was a combination network but little or no public access, books would have to do.
* * *
Michelle was on cloud nine, revisiting the old and cherishing this new time with her father.
“I am so happy that this has happened, my life has changed completely within one month, you can’t know how I needed to have this time with you, I thought my life was destined to loneliness” 
“my sveet daughter, I don’t understand eazer, if I could go back and change sings ??? . . . sometimes people get trapped by zeir own mind space, you are ze one who pulled me out of mine – vhen you told me to let go, I knew it already but at zat moment your verds made an impact . . . ze very next day I sent for my sings to be brought up from ze vault and zat vas vhen I remembered it . . . ze moment I opened ze box I could feel it, ze fragment vas balancing my energies . . . by ze end of ze day I felt like a very different person, I vas like ze person I used to be”
Michelle breathed out “I know what you mean”.

Sananda returned early after a trying afternoon with Jurgen, 
“ phew, he’s not taken it well . . . how are things going here? . . . Oh, and my boss is coming to dinner”
“ vhat do you know about plates? “
“I have enough for four of us . . . we have a guest, tonight” 
“nien nien nien . . . ze plates of the erss”
“oh . . . not my strong point . . . though I do find the subject fascinating . . . to think that a mass of land can be basically torn in half and sent half way around the planet . . . far out huh?”
“zat is just it, you must go to ze mountains in morocco, zer is a place in Agadir, a small hotel owned by one of ze team I used to verk viz, I hope he is still alive . . . English . . . he vas on ze trip viz me ven I found ze fragment, his name is Charlie . . . Charles, he vas an ex military man, he fell in love viz ziss French woman, actually she vas a prostitute but he fell for her just ze same, zey stayed togezer . . . as far as I know zey had family and lived happily, zey bought ze hotel after ze var, it vas called . . . ah! . . . ze Mauritius, don’t ask me vhy”
“you said –‘you must go’ – are you not coming father? “
“believe me zere is nussing I vould like better zan zat, but I am too old, I vould not make ze flight I am sure, nien . . . nien . . . I vill do vot I can to help viz ze planning but you two must go, you vill be safe, ze mission is simple and my friend vill help you to find ze site, he is a fine geologist and geographer”
* * *
A knock at the door signalled Jurgens arrival, Sananda made the introductions. . . 
A squinted eye expression from Gerhardt preceded the words “I recognize you!” 
“father . . . no you don’t” said Michelle in an apologetic gesture.
“vhat is your name? Braun you say . . . newspapers . . . hm . . . is your fazer still alive?”
“yes . . . you must be . . . ” Jurgen started, only to be interrupted 
“yes, I remember your fazer, it is him I recognise – in you . . . ve vere acquainted srough ze committee, he vas a reporter if I remember, for his fazers newspaper, ja?”
“that’s right . . . the company has grown now , it’s not just a newspaper”
“ja, ja I know, your fazer has become powerful viz ze money hey?”
“powerful? . . . I don’t know . . . yes I suppose . . . ” 
Jurgen was thrown somewhat off balance, his mind was sub-consciously influenced by all of the socio-philosophical mutterings of his friend and employee over the years but only now was it starting to show as an influence on his own personality as he struggled to intellectualize this conversation in his mind.
Sananda was bringing food to the table ready for dinner, the plan he had hatched earlier was forming, he had placed the tin with the rock fragment inside on the mantelpiece just behind the seat where he would lead Jurgen to sit – with the screw-top-lid off.
By the time the meal was finished Jurgens mind had opened up to the energy and the influence of the rock. He was so enjoying the company, the genuinety of the feeling he had was undeniable . . . 
“this has been a wonderful evening, wonderful company”
He gripped the young couples hands in each of his own upon the table and looked at them both in turn, 
“I must confess I have never done this kind of thing before, I mean . . . socialising . . . I can see why you’re leaving Thom . . .” he paused to correct himself with a smile . . . 
“Sananda . . . you will be very happy”
It was the first time Jurgen had used this name since the day of the job interview.
Sananda sensed a certain sadness “are you ok mr Braun?”
“please call me Jurgen, I feel I am amongst friends . . . friends use first names”
There was a tear in jurgens’ eye and a smile on his face at the same time, “I have not been a friend to you s’sananda, you have taken care of me, I can see that now . . . but I have neglected you as a friend”
Gerhardt stood and put his hand on jurgens’ shoulder, “I know exactly how you feel” looking at Michelle “but don’t vaste time on zis, ze great sing is zat your new friendship has evolved . . . it begins here as it has not been before”
Sananda stood and raised his coffee cup “to new friends! . . . will you visit us in Austria?”
“yes, I will . . . you know . . . I cannot even think about anything else” 
The two weeks in Frankfurt were a long two weeks, especially for Sananda, he and Jurgen talked as they had never before, all manner of subjects awoke in Jurgen’s mind, things that children would ponder and things which had been born of Sanandas’ mouth, things which Jurgen had not even taken on board at their time of birth, Sananda recognised this. The two spent most of the last few days of that period in deep discussion, bonding as friends . . . there was a new shine on the surface of Jurgens’ eyes, a reconnection of his emotional self to the outside world which had previously been dry and hard like an old and unused bicycle tyre having lost its elasticity – which had now become supple and pliable once more. 
Sananda had the task of interviewing his own replacement, he knew that things were going to be very different in that place from now on. Out of the applicants he found a well balanced strong and bright young woman to do the job . . . she was well educated and articulate, a straight and thoughtful talker like himself . . . he felt he had picked the right candidate for Jurgen.
The house in Austria would be ready in time for the couple to move into . . . Gerhardt would travel with them by train. 
* * *
Time is not a measure for longevity!
If we think about how we perceive time, that perception will always be relative to and restricted by our experience of it and on what level we embrace it . . . then, there is our acceptance of time that has passed – ‘history’ – but that acceptance comes from a perception which is limited by our knowledge of past events and the details and outcomes pertaining to them, which all contribute to shape the kind of person we become – these outcomes are recorded by our ancestors from ancient through to recent and current times . . . a moment ago is ‘as much’ – albeit not ‘as far’ – in the past as a hundred years ago. Therefore each moment is a potential window into a different perception of now, the now being the point, the gauge of – and key to understanding time - for a ‘now’ has no beginning or end and yet joins seamlessly with the next now, a chain of nows, and they all exist simultaneously. If time as we understand it were the longitude then now makes the crossing point of its latitude – a cross section of time as we understand it – this is the other characteristic of time which has not been recognised in our perception of the world . . . three dimensional time.
Because we only witness the longitudinal or ‘linear’ virtues of time and because we receive sensory signals which must travel in one direction to reach our physical individual centre of perception/our brain – we are only able to see in that ‘one direction’, and given that our potential is governed by what we believe is possible within the reality we have come to know – which in turn is dictated by what we know only of the past, so we can only get – at best – fleeting glimpses into any alternate or parallel reality, these glimpses are restricted to less tangible realms of physical perception than the ones we have honed and mastered into our existence.
* * *
The three travellers trained their way south up the rhein valley and south-east through southern Germany, past lake Constance and down into Liechtenstein where they changed to a bus for the mountain journey to Thor.
“Zis is just like ze old days, I did ziss very journey in nineteen seurty eight” he continued in more of a mutter. . . “but zat was in a convoy of military vehicles”
The bus took a mountain route, Gerhardt was having a revelation, chuckling to himself as if something he had known for a long time had just re-touched base with him . . .
“you know zat ze land mass of India vas vunce a separate continent . . . vell ve know zat ze Himalayas haff been created by ze force of ze collision of ze continents, und zat ze land – for some reason – to ze vest – as far as Greece and Israel has been pushed furzer vest vhile ze Atlantic ridge has been pushing Europe und Africa to ze east . . . ja? ja? and ze America’s to ze vest”
Michelle and Sananda waited with interest for the next part of what seemed to be an unravelling theory.
“let me tell you, many years ago I vas on an expedition to Israel – ve didn’t make any great find but ze situation of ze site ve vere focused on . . . ze site of an old brook vich does not exist as such any more – vas a subject full of open ends. Ve found srough our research and discussions zat ze plates of ze continents of Africa, Europe and ze Middle east vere all pushing in tovard ze triangular land mass sowss of Jerusalem . . . of course ze details of zis are only relevant to us in understanding zat ziss section of land may vell be what remains of one of ze earliest continents, and still above sea level, ze brook vas called Kidron and ze geography of ze land suggests zat it – ze brook – vould have once been a raging river, carving out ze valley vhich became such a centre of myss and prophecy, nowadays zere is only vater in ze valley vhen it rains . . . no vater from ze vater table beneass seems to surface to feed ze rivers . . . ve found vater supply systems zere from sousands of years ago vich vould haf originally been fed by ze natural source . . . you see zat part of ze verld now has a very limited natural vater supply und yet zere is – as far as I know – still to ziss day, a large table of vater underneass . . . I sink zat ze land has risen” 
The couple looked at each other and out of the bus window at the mountains.
* * *
The journey came to an end and the bus pulled in at the roadside where Villy was waiting, he looked at his watch and smiled, “welcome . . . home” he bid to the three as he went to help with the bags, Sananda directed him to carry Gerhardts wooden box,
“you need both hands for that, it’s quite heavy” – it now had books included in its contents and the veins in Villy’s neck expanded with the strain he tried to conceal. They loaded the jeep and headed for home.
Thor is not in the mountains as such, but definitely sits in the mountain region, much green and fertile land lies around it and the small town lies just to the north of the original settlement. 
The family stead was comprised of six buildings – a small village in itself – and no road passed through it , just half a mile to the east lay a small isolated section of the range called the ‘Hoher-tauern’, the part of the Alps which includes ‘Grosglockner’ – Austrians’ highest mountain.
There was a possy of workers still packing down the tools and surplus from the work done on Sananda and Michelles new home. 
“This is so exciting” Michelle flung open the doors of her new home to be, she had arrived with very few of her personal belongings and felt free. The sky was clear but for a few light cirrus, and the wind was stable and carried the warmth of the sun. The extended bungalow now had two bedrooms, a central living space with central stove, a separate kitchen, a wet room with a separate outdoor entrance along a veranda style porch which spanned the whole front of the house, and the piece du resistance . . . a wooden spiral staircase which led up to a south-west facing balcony, Villy had set up Sanandas’ telescope there to finish it off. Michelle was overwhelmed, she came running out to see a line of men smiling with the satisfaction of having achieved such a perfect dwelling for their augmented tribal family, Michelle held her mouth in one hand as her eyes swelled and overflowed with tears of happiness, she embraced each one of the men in turn. . .
“they do it out of love” she said quietly to herself.
“It’s been such an emotional time this last few weeks” Sananda comforted as he ushered Michelle back toward her father who was now introducing himself to the workers, telling them what a fine job they had done.
Sanandas mother had made up a room for Gerhardt in their house, the matriarch and patriarch of the family were waiting in front of it to welcome their new guest. 
* * *
It is considered a high honour amongst tribal folk to receive guests, especially elderly guests, this dates back through the ages as part of the respect the tribes people had for each other and a respect for the unknown. Remember, the spirit of the mountain can take any persona or form it chooses.
“ so I hear you have been through here before” said Sanandas’ father as he took Gerhardts hand in greeting, and the two men made their way into the house ready to engage in stories of interest.
“yes, I vas on a trip to ze norse of Austria” Gerhardt had to think for a moment, “Platt, yes zat vas ze name, ze site of Neolithic und Celtic civilisations” he turned to Michelle and Sananda “zere is a very active fault line srough zat area und ve vere looking particularly for Celtic relics . . . ve found qvite a few, but zere vas ze story of a castle vich had been svallowed by ze ground in ze 1700’s, we hoped to find some evidence of zat too but zere vas nossing”
“come, you must be tired, I will show you to your room” The Matriarch led Gerhardt up the stairs after announcing ‘dinner will be at seven’. 
W A Mozart

Gerhardt whistled the Blue Danube – utilising a whistle from between his teeth for the high notes and his lips for the lower notes – all over the morning of the day that Michelle and Sananda were to leave for Agadir, he whistled with feeling and with comedy.
The trip was as well planned as any of Gerhardts own adventures, three months had passed during which correspondence was established with Charles in Morocco. The mission was to visit the site where Gerhardt had found the rock and to work out from there any connections from the other artefacts which might still be in place. They were to fly from W A Mozart airport’ in Salzburg. They were heading for the Anti-Atlas range, this southern part of the range is where the site was, it is also the oldest section of the Atlas mountains – sistered by the Appalachian mountains on the other side of the Atlantic – having been formed by the same rift. Tracing a line between the southern points of the two ranges takes you straight through Bermuda.
* * *
‘Assa’ is a tiny town sitting in desert, nestled between foothills near the southern most point of the Anti-Atlas range, the place where the fragment had come into Gerhardts possession. 
The mythology of the ancients of this part of the world tells of a parallel world in which – each time a human is born in this world, it’s counterpart is born in the other, these creatures/beings are called djinn, there are five types, they can take any form they like but are all mothered by fire . . . in later times translated as djinni or ‘genie’, they represent a characteristic which lies deep in Arabic mythology. One type of djinn is called a shaytan, this djinn is the demon type and is the most powerful and dark, it’s name was borrowed and morphed by modern western religious mythology to symbolise and promote the concept and fear of ‘evil’ using and compounding ‘the fear of the unknown’ as leverage to gain control, and religion as the device with which to apply it . The age of these Arabic myths is undeterminable.
Knowledge of the myths was Michelles bag . . . making sense of the psycho-social implications was Sanandas’, together they possessed the right combination but at this stage didn’t have an inkling as to what would be required of them.
* * *
Stepping out of the plane into the sweltering heat, the unfamiliar smell and the different and varied cultural architecture produced an air of virgin colonialism between the pair. Michelle had good French, it seemed to be the dominant language, at least in the airport . . . she was able to get them through the bustle of the facility and into a taxi. Sananda – suitably impressed – carried the bags. The hotel Mauritius was 20 minutes up the coast which they travelled by taxi. The couple felt every new sensation in this strange environment, Sananda felt quite obtrusive on account of being a clear head taller than everyone they saw.
The taxi drew up to the hotel, a normal looking town house, it could have been in any city – on account that the French and the Spanish had separately colonised morocco for the first part of the 20th century and built towns in the styles they were accustomed to.
* * *
Morocco has had independence since the year before Queen Elizabeth II sat through the ceremony of coronation – a coronation which was not properly valid due to the ceremony not being complete . . . the stone which is central to the whole concept of monarchy and coronation in England and which underlies the validity and entire credibility of it – was in Scotland at the time so they used a fake stone, no-one would ever know. But in the mean time England would be without a true monarch under the terms of the invention of monarchy, the silent corporate monarchs of capitalism would hence forth do the dealing and rule making.
* * *
A young girl welcomed them into the reception area, the decor was mostly falling off the walls but generally the place was bright and cheerful . . . 
“nous avons reservations” said Michelle to the girl behind the reception desk
“don’t we all” came a jaunty English voice from the room behind her, responding to Michelles statement 
“you must be Gerhardts daughter” . . . a taller – elderly but well built man appeared from behind the reception area 
“by Jove you are the spit of your mother, and – I tell you, that is definitely meant as a compliment” 
The man was well tanned with a suggestion of high blood pressure - as if he’d just finished a Christmas dinner - and he spanked of colonial Britishness . . . otherwise quite healthy looking with a no-nonsense grump across his face, and to top it – a slightly cocked Fez. 
“I’ve dug up some useful kit, always knew it would come in handy again, hasn’t seen the light of day since the 50’s”. . . he led them to the back room and flung open a battered brown leather suitcase to reveal a collection of British army kit topped with a leather holstered hand gun. Michelle and Sananda looked at each other and the gun disapprovingly . . .
“I strongly recommend that we take it” said Charles, “the desert is teaming with bloody scavengers, hasn’t been safe for years”
The two were thinking the same thing – that they would take their chances without the gun – but gratefully acknowledged the baggage. 
“There’s some other useful things in there, my whole kit actually”
Sananda was fascinated, “pre-world war 2 British army release, amazing” . . . he started to carefully lift the clothes to see underneath.
“Don’t think we’ll need the uniform, attract too much attention, best keep a low profile . . . but a decent pair of binoculars and compass . . . you’ve probably got everything you need . . . if I know old Gerry you’ll have a pretty comprehensive kit yourselves . . . how is the old boy?”
“yes, he is well thank you, he wasn’t but now he is” answered Michelle
“life in the old dog yet eh? Ha!”
Sananda shook the old man’s hand, “it’s a pleasure to meet you sir . . . Charles?”
“oh . . . yes . . . likewise young man” Charles liked the sound of ‘sir’ but nodded dominantly at ‘Charles’ 
“ and you are Sananda, Gerry told me about you in his letters . . . Austria . . . Journalism isn’t it?”
Charles was standing as straight as he could, being next to Sananda reminded him how much he had shrunk with the onset of age. 
“well actually not really journalism, I just worked for a journalists family, I studied psychology and sociology”
“yes well, can’t trust bloody journalists anyway, snooping around, looking for things to write about . . . they make it up half the time, still, s’pose they have their uses eh!”
Sananda was about to respond to this with his matter of fact and educated synopsis of the subject but Michelle gripped his hand as if to signal retreat. She changed the subject . . .
“I could do with a shower . . . where is our room?”
“Ah yes, of course, you must be hot and tired . . . top o’ the stairs, turn right , third door on the right . . .” he pointed at the ceiling in the direction of the room . . . “my best room, en suite . . . any problems just pick up the phone, comes straight through to the desk . . . oh and dinner’s at 7”, his words followed the couple up the stairs.

Fed, washed and slept, the first day waking up in the hotel Mauritius, the slightly eccentric situation dawned on the pair as they stirred and stretched in the crisp Egyptian cotton sheets – no blankets required. The smell of the sea mixed with the sweet aroma of freshly baked cakes and sweets, the smells shoved their way – shoulder to shoulder – into the room on a cheeky curtain-filtered gust. Sananda reached out his leg and with an out-stretched toe pulled the curtain back to get a look out at the day and the new surroundings. Michelle had that feeling that if she went back to sleep she might then wake and it all will have been a dream, she smiled wide and jumped up naked from the sheets, then quickly grabbed them to cover herself, ducking from the eye line of the street outside. It was early and the two talked in bed about the rock and about the effect it had had on Gerhardt. 
That cheeky Atlantic gust now towed a subtly menacing edge into the room which brought the couple back to the job in hand.

After breakfast and having discussed plans for the journey the night before, Charles went to get his vehicle, the three boarded the old grey Morris van with their baggage. Of course Gerhardt had thought of and packed everything down to road and desert maps. He had devised and modified a series of desert maps specifically for this trip at this time of year, each one showed the position of a shadow at varying positions and times of day at this time of year, and a route outlined to avoid difficult terrain. These maps and charts – doubled with the compass, their navigation was a sure thing. The trip was 150 miles as the crow flies, but the desert has a strange way of doubling your distance when in a car, partly due to the loss of traction on sand but the mystery of this highly entropic landscape needs no reason to delay the explorer, it’s part of the relationship, it seems that the desert finds balance with an individual. 
The mountains in the region reminded Sananda somewhat of the Alps but it struck him that the character of the mountains was very different. The stories he had grown up with were all about the central most important thing . . . the balance and harmony of all inhabitants, including every insect, bird plant and human. In this place though there was – strangely – a different language to the whole thing, not much evidence of life beyond the occasional oasis. The stories which are handed down by the tribes carry the same deeper philosophy as the Alpine ones . . . a spirit which can take any form, who tests people for their mountain integrity, punishing those who compromise the balance of the wilderness and aiding those with honest and considerate intention. 
Through fertile green land, mountains and desert they travelled, the 150 miles turned out to be 250 miles on account of the landscapes dictation of road position. The resident human contingent here are what exists of the ancient Sahrawi Bedouins, originally a nomadic tribe who have inhabited the desert lands for thousands of years .
The small town was totally isolated, Charles stepped forward with the intention of paving the way with the locals – he understood the ways of the people there somewhat. The first stop was at the office of the local tribal leader to get permission to visit the site which by this time had been preserved by the local people as a tourist attraction. The geographical evidence of earthquake activity was abundant, the site lay about a mile south by south west of the town in the break of a ridge left by a quake in the 1700’s.
Charles did not know the details of the object of this mission, just that it was part of a geographical study, he told the couple of how the Atlas mountains had risen in three stages and that this part of the range was the first – the Anti Atlas – having been thrown up by the tectonic expression of the earth in the Palaeozoic era – once rivalling the Himalayas in size but more recently subject to subsidence. The lack of trees in the general area was evident but around the site was an oasis of trees with a well at its’ centre. Charles explained that the water table was over 150 meters below ground and in a state of depletion and so the area would eventually become impossible to naturally survive in. He led them to what looked like a tiny dry stone castle . . . a Kasbah – about twenty feet square with meter thick walls . . . going in they realised it contained the entrance to an underground chamber, the chamber that the original dig had uncovered all those years ago. Charles remembered most of the details of his surveys, he had figured that there may well have been more of these ancient structures before the big earthquake, marking out routes for the nomadic peoples . . . and – on account of the well – he suspected there had been a long lived culture of nomadic activity in the area.
* * *
The inside of the tomb consisted of three rooms, one large one which you came down into from the stone stairs and two smaller rooms at either side of it, there weren’t any valuable artefacts left at the site, just broken stone relics, but Michelle set about photographing all six remaining pieces from many perspectives and angles being sure to include all markings and engravings. 
Charles gave a detailed account of his expedition there whilst the survey was underway – explaining how on arrival at the oasis all those years ago the only clue to the tomb had been a column of dry stone rising out of the sand, he told of how they had to dig the whole thing out, Sananda was completely absorbed by the story from this old English gentleman.
One of the rooms seemed to have a side to it which looked as if the rock and sand from outside had caved into it, Charles’s explanation was that some bedrock had risen during the earthquake and destroyed that side of the tomb . . . the rest of the tomb showed signs that a powerful force had disrupted it causing large cracks in the walls where sand could trickle in, in the hour-glass way in which sand does.
“when Gerry and I dug this place out we removed every last bit of dirt and sand . . . there were the bones of a human skeleton amongst the debris, funny thing though! wasn’t a full set! . . . the bones, they were missing a skull and a good few other bits, we left them behind, the mission was for artefacts, anything valuable we found we sent back to Blighty . . . an odd array of bits and pieces – think the lot got sent to a private collection near Brighton, an old Brigadier someone or other, private collection, what was his name now?”
Michelle felt sure her father would have some memory or record of the shipment somewhere, she had been listening to the account and figured an unthinkable possibility   . . . it struck her that the bones Charles had spoken of may have been a person trapped in the Kasbah during an historic earthquake, it was impossible to work out the timescale around the history of the site as the desert had concealed and erased evidence . . . one slight shift of land in this place is capable of swallowing a building in minutes. 
Charles had mentioned a large stone which was covering the entrance to the tomb when they had arrived.
Never in her wildest dreams could an adventure be as fulfilling to her as this one seemed, Michelles knowledge of Arabic Mythology was intact enough to know that – contrary to the commonly accepted fairytale-like interpretations of myths, often there is a more mysterious or practical meaning . . . in the case of the Djinn it is more poignant, likely and believable that – if the Djinn are cross-dimensional versions/counterparts of terrestrial beings, and according to myth – disappear when in the presence of their human counterpart on this plane – that any seemingly magical occurrence may not so much be the work of a Djinn but an insight on the part of the human – which allows him/her to see into another layer of their own reality where things become possible which seemed previously not to be so.
Part of the mythology around the Djinn tells us that wise men or sorcerers through the ages have been able to contain or ‘trap’ their Djinn, either in a lamp or some container or other vessel, the containment of a Djinn is a dangerous business, one could be sucked into a layer of reality which won’t sustain a physical body, you would be literally sucked out of your body into some other dimension – the physical evidence of the elements of your body would become unbound and scattered to the wind . . . these mythological parody’s are by some means paralleled by modern quantum theories of matter, anti-matter and dark matter.
Michelle had always suspected that there was more to these stories than had been portrayed, these ancient stories and realities had once been understood exactly for what they were, but through the time of low consciousness humans had been the subject of – the stories were retreated into having meanings which were more useful as messages within the physical and social plain , perhaps a way to scare children into behaving in a manner which would ensure safety or health . . . but eventually the myths were trapped in their own proverbial lamp, one which says on it ‘you can rub me if you like but you’re crazy if you think it’ll work’ . . . the use of these stories for a purpose which they were never intended for was to be utilised many fold through the ages by the leaders of most religion-based cultures, forging different versions of ‘right and wrong’ to suit their agendas.

The team had done everything they came to do, Charles drove Michelle and Sananda back to Agadir and the correlation of information began in the privacy of the hotel room.
“Is it possible that who-ever was trapped in that place had taken the fragment in there with them?” asked Sananda, Michelle – nodding as he finished the sentence, 
“yes, at least the poor soul would have died in a very well balanced state . . . but where had he come from?”
They were both thinking along the same lines . . . wondering if there would be any suitable container amongst the original shipment which might have allowed the possibility for this being to enter it after leaving their own body – and now is still waiting to be released. The idea was ridiculous and yet the circumstances of the situation made the possibility an acceptable one.
“hmm” pondered Sananda “it just remains then to locate the other pieces of the find “
Stanmere

The inevitable next step in the solving of this mystery was to visit England, land of much cultural and geological change . . . and mystery, but first a group huddle in Thor was afoot, to deliberate over the next stage and direction of the unfolding of this story.
Gerhardt was eager to see Michelle and Sananda, having received a letter in advance of their return – he had been trying to think ahead . . . by the time they arrived he had contemplated in depth the possibility of having a djinn counterpart, and the level of acceptance that would be necessary in order to deal with it in any way, he had considered many different possible scenarios, and a prognosis for each. A being of this age and wisdom knows that there is nothing to fear by committing to something you fully believe in, but that it requires an open heart in order to convince the universe that the basis of your belief is a worthy one . . . many have fallen into darkness believing in something they have been convinced to believe in.
“ziss place is vunderfull, I feel so clean and helssy”
the fact that he had been spending allot of time in the presence of the fragment had partially slipped his mind but he was like a man who’d had twenty years peeled back from the evidence of his life. 
*
The fragment doesn’t make you younger or stop you ageing, it just optimises the natural cycles within the body – enhancing the existing core elemental energy, dissipating the unnecessary into the atmosphere . . .
* * *
A linear lifespan is limited in humans by a particular trait of DNA, if you imagine the end of each strand having a length of hardened coating on it – much like the end of a shoe lace – each individual has a unique set up – but when the hard coating wears down with time the strand frays and dies . . . once this has started happening the demise of the being is set. Study shows that for Crocodiles this is different, they don’t die of old age . . . their DNA doesn’t fray and so they can live for centuries.
* * *
“I remember most of vot ve brought out of ze place, und zere vere several items . . . vun in particular I am sinking of vhich meets ze objective of our mission, a vase viz a hinged lid, a chain attached also – and a handle on its back, it vas qvite a solid piece, ve did get ze lid off – but nussing vas inside of it” 
Michelle turned to her father “what are the chances of ever finding this vase, do you remember where the shipment went?”
“yes, ze chances are fair to good, as a matter of fact I still have all of my shipping documents, here zey are” said Gerhardt whilst riffling through some old papers he had pulled from his box “ here, ze 1930’s . . . here it is” he handed the paperwork to Michelle.
Stanmere – now Stanmer – is an old settlement situated north by north east of Brighton just a mile or two outside of the town. Once the home of this 1st world war veteran and collector, a keen adventurer and archaeologist and local entrepreneur . . . also the postal address of the shipment in question.
“I doubt if he is still alive, he vas in his late fifties before ze var started”
“maybe he has relatives who are still there” said Michelle
“ . . . Sananda! do you know, are there international telephone directories in Salzburg? maybe in the post office . . .?” 
“I think there are some at the town hall, I’ll head over there tomorrow”
The plan was starting to dictate its own path . . . the journey which was necessary in order to trace the path of this fragment was going to have to weave its way back through many threads of history, but with all of the strange and wonderful findings so far, on these pioneers it was beginning to dawn what kind of a place it might end. 
The plan from here was to head to England but first Sananda and Michelle would return to Eindhoven to collect the few stored contents of Michelles flat. Gerhardt would stay in Austria.
* * *
They flew straight to Gatwick from Eindhoven, got the train to Brighton and checked into their hotel, they spread the map they had on the bed and sat down, both were hit with a mental block on what they were there for. 
Sananda put an unguided finger on the map, Michelle put her hand over Sanandas and reached to stroke his cheek with her other hand, “you know sananda I don’t think it’s real, this life I find myself in, here, with you . . . searching for something, neither of us really know what it is”
“I could say the same, my life before this was full of things which just kept me occupied, I thought I could see that in others but I never saw it in myself . . . you have taken me out of myself in a way that makes me want to stay out, the longer I’m out and the further I move in this direction, the more grateful I am that I met you . . . you know the irony is that if it were not for Jurgens’ dependence on me I may never have met you”
Michelle thought immediately about the man on the train who’s experience of the world was under the influence of the smell he procured, and of how she had contemplated telling the man, talking to him about it, and of how the timely arrival of the train to the end of her journey had prevented that . . . 
she blurted words without context which could not have made sense to anyone “nobody told you “!
“nobody told me what?”
“nobody told me either . . . well nobody knew that I was trapped in a state of being . . . you are to people – how they see you, I mean . . . you are the only one who can really know who you are . . . and change things.”
Michelle paused
“do you think Sananda . . . do you think that our destinies are in the hands of those selves we have which are trapped inside the person we have become? An inner self? somewhere deep inside us, deep, past the layers of reality which have piled up on each other in the making of this created reality we have become a part of . . . and that the choices we make in this world . . . in this life . . . are just the details of an ever changing game, the rules – getting more complexed as time goes on. The real world though . . . where did we leave it? “
“like the Djinn?” Sananda responded . . . “ Trapped inside a vessel . . . but by a spell cast from the ore of time in collaboration with human behavioural patterns, each of our experiences of the world – in all their uniqueness’s . . . in themselves strengthening the very walls of the reality we are born into – we have become like the scaffolding around a building which does not exist, we are all supporting the existence of an infinite reality – which only exists in our minds . . . we have become the bars of the cage in which we have trapped ourselves . . . the emperor’s new reality”. Sananda laughed a laugh of hopeless acceptance.
He was freaked, he felt like he had just said something that he had known all his life, something he had even spoken in detail, about the very same thing! For the first time in his life he felt truly scared, he thought he’d felt fear before but now it was different, his fear was never a serious enough threat to shake his intellect or his physical self. His brilliant mind with all its fathoming of human behaviour and social evolution was always able to conquer fear without really acknowledging it. He could now see into a huge void of darkness, he felt it inside his body . . . a sense of one to one reckoning, one to one with himself, a conflict between his intellectual and emotional self.
“Sananda . . . hey” Michelles voice was soft and smooth, her hand still on his cheek, her eyes shining with a layer of liquid emotion, reflecting everything he was feeling. They looked into each other’s eyes until their empathies converged, they didn’t need to say anything, they knew who they were . . . each of them and together.
The young couple had found their world, any other world that happened to be at this time could not infringe upon it, it was like a bubble of the clearest air in a room full of worldly smoke, even if the bubble were to burst it would simply clear the air in the room, instantly.
The following morning they walked by the sea, the south westerly dominant – but forgiving – wind was swirling off of the toes of the ballerina waves, the audible pitch of the friction of the stones under foot – getting higher on the wetter stones as they neared the water’s edge . . . then the effect of one sound on the other as the wet dancers performed their dramatic suicidal curtseys on the persuadable shingle – encouraged and supported by the wind, creating endless renditions of – that moments relationship between these three elements.
* * *
The couple found the Brighton library – attached to the museum. The next few days were spent heads down between the two. A bus would take them to Stanmer after the study was concluded.
* * *
A tiny community with a large mansion built by a Frenchman in 1722 for the Pelham family – who were a mainstay in British politics having – between various male members – held the post of prime minister of England for 20 yrs from 1743. Stanmers earlier history goes back to the 8th century, the then king Ealdwulf of Sussex gave the land of ‘Stanmere’ to Hunlaf – one of the great Norse warriors said to have been touched by Thor himself. Hunlaf had the plan to create a monastery and college at the site.
The land became a closed community , a mini kingdom, always close to the heart of royals, clergy and politicians through the ages, PURCHASED! by Brighton corporation after the second world war.
Michelle and Sananda had not been able to make a distinct connection to the Brigadier collector from any of the names they had uncovered at the library, but hearts were bold and one name seemed to fit the timeline perfectly.
On arrival in the tiny village, they realised just how small it was . . . the Mansion, a church, an inn, some old cottages and a few newer buildings. The address of the Brigadier was ; The Well-house, Stanmer village, Brighton : No building in the village bore that name so they went to the Inn to ask. The middle aged, bohemian dressed woman behind the bar didn’t live in the village . . .
“ the only well house I can think of is the one down by the church, but nobody lives there, nobody could, you’ll see what I mean . . . if you find the church rector, he’ll let you in I’m sure”.
The Rector did let them in and they did see why nobody could live there, it was a stone building in a state of disrepair with a large well and a semi- restored wheel mechanism for the lowering and hoisting of water vessels, the Rector proudly recounted the words from his memorised script of the history of the well.
Sananda politely made clear a skeleton version as to the purpose of their visit – sparing the deeper implications . . .
“the brigadier, ‘Hindmarsh’ we think was his name, he was an explorer, have you heard of such a man?” asked Sananda.
The Rector went into a thinking moment, “come with me, I have the log-books in the church office . . . I think we’ve had a caretaker who fits that description” . . .
he led them into the back room of the church and pulled one of many old registers from a shelf,
“I think this is the one . . . nineteen thirty five to forty five, before my time . . . I’m afraid the records in here have large gaps in them, the war and all I suppose, knock yourselves out . . . as far as I know the well house has never been a residence . . . we’re planning to renovate it as a tourist attraction “ 
It seemed that this eccentric Brigadier must have used the well house as a postal address and possibly a residence, the little building itself does have room enough for someone to sleep and be comfortable, and with an endless supply of fresh water to boot.
“look here “ said Michelle, she had climbed up the wooden structure of what was once a pony-powered wheel housing for the well-hoist, a kind of giant hamster wheel. There was a gap in the brick work up by the top of the gable where sat an old loose section of rotting wood which crumbled as she touched it.
“does it come out of there? is there something behind it?” Sananda asked with a tone of eager excitement.
“I think . . . yes, it moves freely . . . it’s not supporting anything” Michelle carefully slid the whole chunk of rotten wood across revealing a metal box. Sananda went swiftly to close the door and stood in front of it.
“what is it”? he asked
“I don’t know, it’s heavy though, I can’t move it, can you help”?
The pair swapped places and – grazing his knuckles Sananda managed to get his hands on the box enough to slide it out of the gap it had been in . . .
“I think it’s an ammunition box” , Sananda passed the box carefully down to Michelle. The box had a keyhole and was locked, they were going to have to smuggle it out. Sananda managed to get it in his back pack without it looking too obtrusive.
Back at the hotel the two of them knelt either side of the bed with the box between them, Michelle tried to pick the lock with a hairpin, no joy, Sananda had a go too but without success. They decided to post the box to Austria, there were definitely items inside the box, but they agreed that the contents were safer inside the box for now.
How would anyone know?

There are some characteristics of mythological accounts which have become what we know as ‘superstition’ . . . the whole realm of superstition also sits very nicely just inside the gates to the credibility of the subject of religion.
* * *
In Portugal there is a tradition of painting the clock onto the front of the town churches, the time is always a minute or two after the end of witching hour, this is so that when the witches show up for their fun and frolics they will see that the hour has passed and turn away.
* * *
A wider European one is to hang glass spheres around the home – or quite commonly on ships – for a glass ball has a widely encompassing reflection range and it is thought that if a witch catches sight of her own reflection – even a glimpse by accident – she will perish.
* * *
The superstition which says it’s bad luck to walk under a ladder, has variable explanations . . . one is that you might get paint spilled on you or a tool of some kind drop on your head – though that’s more like common sense, it’s a bit like saying it’s bad luck to walk near the edge of a crumbling cliff, or to drive your car with a blindfold on.
The relevance of the ladder superstition in this instance has nothing to do with the ladder being a ladder – but with the triangular opening it creates. It just so happens that a ladder has an optimum leaning angle, usually diagrammed on the side of said purchase. When a ladder makes its entrance as a hypotenuse, it is of a scalene triangle with a right angle. The word scalene implies the word ‘scale’, a word connected to many things, climbing, music, reptilian skin armour and the many forms of measuring. The ladder must be at the angle least likely to tip backwards from the top and least likely to slip outwards at the bottom, this optimum angle is 75 degrees from the ground, meaning that – given that the flat ground and wall create a 90 degree angle – the top, most acute angle has to be 15 degrees, the significance of this particular shape with its dimensions lies in the subject of sacred geometry . . . if a triangle of these dimensions existed, it was considered by the ancient Egyptians – that it has a reflection, a mirror image which exists in another world, and that passing through the space created by the ladder would transport the subject who might walk through the triangle into that other world, an anti world. 
The beauty of this right-angled ‘scalene’ triangle is that – combined with its mirror image in this dimension – it becomes an isosceles triangle . . . the 90 degree angle disappears, the 15 degree angle doubles to make 300 at the top, and another 750 angle appears opposite the first making up the 180 degree prerequisite degree total of all triangles. 
* * *
Classic Church steeples of certain times in history were traditionally built with the 30 & 15 degree angles at the top most point.
* * *
The ladder which is placed in its recommended situation clings – it would seem – most precisely to the realm of stability in this physical world and all of its forces, yet the tiniest move in either direction would compromise it as a safe thing to scale, so at this physically most stable position it’s integrity becomes dependent on not being knocked or moved. But whilst in this perfect position it creates the possibility to turn the world upside down for the one who passes under or through it.
This is a good place to start when trying to understand the concept of a reverse reality or antithesis of our reality, and the mysterious art of travelling between the two.
It does not necessarily follow that the anti world would be a terrible place, it’s likely that there are an infinite number of alternate realities but we’ll just deal with one and those who want to can apply the principle to the possibility of many in their own time. It may just be a type of reversal of the universal laws which apply in this reality, hard to imagine? . . . Yes . . . If that were the case there would have to be a universal law governing both worlds making a balanced, threefold set of laws for each reality relationship, one for this reality, one for the other and one governing both. So the more deeply we explore the many realms and idioms in this world we can only move further from the central governing law . . . like a see-saw, the further you move from the centre the more you lend yourself to the weight of that side. In science – most prevalent in physics – we can see how each theory or paradigm we try to master or understand through exploration, theorising and experimenting only seems to open doors to multiplexes within them, micro or macro – particle or quantum, each one of those opening into even more fascinating complications, expanding the subject.
It may be that the seemingly complexed fabric of our reality is only so because of the infinitive nature of possibility . . . ‘Definitive’ being the label for a conquered or packaged ideal, only applicable to solid and finite objects or ideals.
* * *
After addressing and posting the box, accompanied by a letter to Gerhardt in the mountains of Austria, not knowing its contents – Michelle and Sananda decided they would stay in England, neither of them wanted to leave this world they had found together and Brighton had put a spell on them.
1999

The memory of 1976 was one which revisited the Shropshire farm at every full moon, but the event had not been repeated.
Cheyla was pregnant with a fourth child . . . Paco – a proud father in love with her and their three daughters.
Grandma, alas had died a year ago, she had lived her final lively years in the contentment of having the ‘family feeling’ around the farm again.
Grandpa, pottering around, still very alert and energetic but much wirier, his mind by now had been so utterly confounded by the events of ‘that day’ that he held the slight expression of a baffled scientist, pre-occupied most of the time with the possible significance of ‘it’.
The shape of things was different, grandpa now had his room on the ground floor where the study used to be, Cheyla, Paco and the children lived in the house and Coe had moved into a new caravan which had been situated next to the old one that Paco used to live in – which now only served as an office for the business . . . 
Over the years Pa’ & Co’ had worked hard to develop a vegetable farm, they had turned over the pastures near to the house and gradually built up a productive set of crops. Coe had spent his teenage years on courses, acquiring necessary qualifications to get through agricultural college. They had sealed contracts with various restaurants, even a couple of schools and large-business canteens within a growing radius of the farm to provide organic produce with a sideline of freshly made sandwiches.
They discovered the soil around the farm to be very fertile ground – unusually so, and had come to accept the reason as being ‘the water’ which must soak up through the ground, even potatoes – which normally drain all the nutrients from the soil making the field unsuitable for many food crops for up to three years – were an annual crop without the need for crop rotation – ‘organic’ produce was a then relatively unheard of concept and the phrase hadn’t been coined or established . . . but the flavours from the produce were so popular that their customers were more than happy, the orders were backed up for months. They also had a truck and employed a driver for deliveries.
* * *
Coe was now twenty nine, the others on the farm had watched him grow from that day-dreaming boy into a bright, thoughtful and strong man. He carried with him a brand of ease that – for these purposes – could best be likened to the breeze. He had been planning to travel, where? he wasn’t sure, but in the way he had followed that stream of earth water when he was young – he felt that he must leave soon. He also carried with him an understanding of the world which was – within modern cultures – long forgotten. 
Through thought and dreams Coe had figured he had a job to do, somehow he had lived his life so far without drawing attention to himself . . . you see , in one way his life had been fairly cloistered, happy and wanting for nothing , spending time only with the folks on the farm here in Shropshire, but in another way he had an insight to nature and the energies around him which gave him a more general feeling for the world. He had discovered places in the forest and the surroundings of the farm where he would go to re-energise himself, one of the places he liked to sit most was on the steps of the library in Shrewsbury where he had studied agriculture. These steps were a place of learning beyond the realms of most visitors to the library . . . maybe the site was known to be thus by the ones who located it in this medieval town, the library itself was an inspiration to Coe . . . a statue of Charles Darwin stands twenty or so feet from the spot where Coe would sit, Darwin had taught Coe allot about evolution from inside the library. There were other places where he would sit facing a certain way and be able to sense some feeling or awareness of the energy of a distant place or situation as if he had a long fibre-optic cable running along naturally occurring conduits for the different energies of the planet, He had started to realize another world, one where energies weave their own web across the globe.
He didn’t know what he was supposed to do with what he had become aware of but he had learned to identify the different energies and move from spot to spot, sitting and tuning in, learning what was out there and more recently beginning to comprehend the energies . . . if you were to compare a system of identifying these energies to the system we apply to colour by use of temperature, red = hot through to blue = cold – you could say that sometimes it was light and other times dark with all the variations in-between, but the sense it utilised to reveal itself in Coe was a perceptive sense which lies dormant in most humans, it’s element is fire, it’s utilised feature is our nervous system and it’s HQ is balanced between the brain and the heart. A sense which – unlike the other senses – is not to perceive the external physical world but to intuit other realms, we might best understand this through the subject of ESP but we must realise . . . nothing of these energies pertains to any individual, they are the planet’s and thus the universe’s energies to which all things are contributed – including humans . . . although one must entertain the possibility that the ‘love’ feeling we get – you know when you get real close to someone and there is complete surrender between you, that elevated tingle of something in the brain and heart which lifts you slightly out of yourself and sends your other senses into a bit of a whirl . . . the Indian art of love is all about understanding this, you know , the one called Kama Sutra. 
Coes’ understanding of the network was becoming greater and he had a growing feeling that something was going to happen soon.
* * *
The ancients revered gods and goddesses in respect of the natural cycles . . . goddess of love, god of volcanoes, of meadows, of mountains, fertility. . . and so on. I wish to bring Saturn to the table, not as a god but as a planet of our solar system. The planets have been recognised as representing governance over certain energies in this planetary alliance and though many gods were named after the planets it was with acknowledgment to the energies the planet represented that reverence was really being paid. This was in the time before men invented gods to procure power and control over the masses in order to create a reality out of their own ideals.
There are two aspects of Saturn which are relevant to this picture, the first is Saturn’s own procession around our shared sun, the giant planet takes around thirty of our years to return to the same degree of the suns orbit which it occupies at any given point – so, the age of thirty – typically marginally earlier in women and later in men, is an age and time to leave behind or let die that which you do not choose or are not able to carry with you any longer . . . a time for contemplation, purging and maturing. 
Saturn also has an identity attached to it of darkness, not exclusively but the balance tips a little in that direction – also being the mythical residence of the grim-reaper or ‘death’ . . . The time we know as Christmas, the darkest time of the year in this part of the world – had previously been an annual time for the celebration of Saturn – ‘Saturnalia’ – a seven day period where all of mans systems were put aside, masters would serve their slaves, barriers would come down between enemies . . . and truces between warring kingdoms were frequently recognised. Freedom of expression was a concept born of this period – given that suppression of expression must have come first . . . a seven day celebration which encompassed the three day freeze of the suns apparent rising and setting time, a time of the hypothetical death and rebirth of the central star. A festival – later to have superimposed upon it the story of a well known healer and prophet who’s lifes lessons would be adopted, manipulated and re-moulded to support the agendas of a Church in cahoots with the political powers of the time. The main festival hijacked by religious leaders whos’ imposed symbols undermine the actual meaning of a festival which has been reinvented as Christmas . . . the modern ‘Santa’ – ironically an anagram of Satan – or saint Nicholas/old Nick, a man who appears in the fire place bearing material gifts – whilst simultaneously bolstering the economic power of the leaders – wearing red, making parents lie to their children at least once a year and taking people further away from the true meaning of the significance of the time . . . a triumph of manipulation. 
* * *
Not being privy to the subject of Saturn-returns, Coe only had his feelings and thoughts to guide him, this was good – as his understanding would not be sullied by subjective interpretation but be born of readiness and pure reasoning. A coming-of-age was upon him and he knew something was afoot. His ethereal pollination under the tree that day had – in effect – been the application of an activation code, a pending update of new software – the download of which was about to come into effect.
* * *
Any Biologist knows that the evolution of a species does not happen overnight, it’s likely that the changes which occur in any branch of life happen due to the effective timing of cosmic alignments activating a build up of required changes . . . it’s as if there is a keeper of the DNA within each of us who makes a kind of Christmas list of ‘things that would improve my existence’. . . it is thought that big evolutionary change occurs at regular intervals dictated by the precession of the equinoxes, four times per period, either side of the extreme points of the precessions elliptical path. Coe’s jump start however was not an evolution but an activation of dormant DNA code, a code which was once a part of the consciousness possessed by all humans. 
Hindus believe – through the astrological aspect of their religion – that there are whole periods lasting thousands of years we enter in which our consciousness is raised or lowered, the period – or ‘yuga’ – we are in at present is the ‘Kali yuga’ . . . one where fire is the master element, a time when humans will go into a kind of sleep or time of forgetting.
There are also the photon-belt theories where it is believed that higher and lower charged photons which lay in belts around the galactic plane and throughout the universe are responsible for activation and de-activation of DNA . . . We . . . are heading into a higher charge of photon belt very soon . . .
. . . and . . . that Kali-yuga ends about now. . .it’s wake up time. 
Wake up time

When a newborn baby cries, the frequency of its cry stimulates the production of milk from its mother . . . every baby’s scream has a unique frequency specific to its existence and connection to the mother – prevalent in humans and animals . . . this is basic language, there is no formality and no confusion, there is no point in politeness, the power of this pure communication is uncomplicated and has no need for response except for that of flowing milk . . . the feeling instilled in the mother is reported as being one of varying degrees of anxiety until the child is feeding. This vocal expression of the baby’s requirement is an external translation of the previously direct connection it had to the mother from inside her . . . through a kind of extension of the mothers own systems – just as within each of us bodily needs are met by a series of sub-conscious neural signals through our senses . . . hunger, tiredness, fear, comfort etc . . . the needs of the unborn child are met through some connection to the nervous system of the mother, incorporated.
It would seem then that after we leave the womb we become responsible for arousing support for our own welfare, we must ask, we must learn the language and behaviour which is relevant to the external world we have entered, for as time goes on that primal scream loses its power and relevance in this world of man, a world dominated by other detached beings for whom external communication through language is the dominantly recognised communication.
For this next part of the story I ask you to consider the connection we all have to each other on an internal plain, . . . it’s not a physical one . . . it’s one we do not use consciously, one we don’t remember, one which does not serve any paradigm of material or egotistical need. If we say it’s domain is a network of free-flowing streams – like the world-wide-web, it makes it easier to visualise, all of the information is flowing everywhere all of the time, to vocalise a requirement is not necessary or relevant, a need is fulfilled and governed by the actual needs dictated by the natural environment with the overall welfare of the whole realm being the central dominant requirement, the welfare of all things being in the balance . . . we’re not talking so much about the needs and wants of physical life in the individual here, more like . . . the natural transference of a mass consciousness equilibrium . . . Nature will not favour one life over another for selfish reasons or through preference or favouritism – as all things in this three dimensional paradigm are made of the same stuff. 
* * *
Coe had an awareness unlike that of most, he had been exposed to a network of energies which move around the planet much as blood flows around the body, with arteries, veins, capillaries and systems therein which regulate and service the effective operation of the network.
* * *
Incidentally, it is a fairly recent discovery in medical science that the heart is not exactly – or indeed only – the pump we always thought it was, it certainly seems to be but it is now evident that the blood is as responsible for keeping the heart pumping as the heart is for pumping the blood . . . blood’s new identity is that of an organ or tissue, consisting of 92% water, carrying proteins, gases, minerals and cells/tissues.
* * *
Those in the family around Coe were aware of the unusualness of his being, he would return from times of being in the forest sometimes seeming young like a child, or like an old sage – but always calm – like the mirrored surface of a still lake, unhindered by wind of any kind . . . He had told the others of his encounter with the tree all those years ago and his discovery of energy spots and routes he had discovered on subsequent forest journeys, and too of his awareness of the corridors of flowing energy . . . whilst acceptance of his stories was given, comprehension was not, there was love and there was the trust that Coe was evidently on some mission bestowed upon him by his natural circumstances which overrode the initial disbelief which the stories provoked. 
“I don’t know what it all means, it’s like listening to the radio, hearing people making expressive noises about an object without describing it or saying what it is – not being able to see it or give it an image in my mind . . . but I know that it is coming to a time”. . .
“Time for what”? asked Cheyla, holding her maternal bump in both palms, “how do you know”?
“ I just know that as time goes on more pieces fit the picture and, well, it just feels like something is calling, something which will cause me to leave this place . . . I don’t want to – but I think I’ve always known it, I feel a pull, a purpose”
“a purpose for what”?
“I just don’t know” Coe gave a helpless sigh, “it isn’t the same world as this one and I’ve not been there . . . I am not scared though, there is a message, it’s not in any language I can speak and there is no request for me to do anything . . . I’m just waiting”
Cheyla’s eye sprang a single tear “just waiting” she repeated, “that is what he used to say after my mother died . . . my father” she said solemnly, “you will be ok. . . won’t you”?
“ don’t you worry, there is no fear in this feeling, actually I’m getting a little impatient” Coe tried to lighten the mood with the expression of laughter in his voice, Cheyla knew what he was doing. . .
“I know you well, I was with you growing up, we learned things together. . . I believe you are not scared, I’ve never known you to show fear . . . of anything . . . you are my friend and my brother, my pupil and my teacher, I feel as close to you as I have ever felt to anyone, I suppose it is losing you that scares me, not knowing where or how you will be”.
The most recent of Coe’s experiences in the energy-web was a completion of the activation of his connection to the core of the planet . . . Fire . . . the furnace which is the central power which forges the connection of all things on earth to each other, the same central power which reserves the right to re-start the planet’s cycles. He now had the ability to leave the restrictions of his body and travel ethereally to any part of the planet. He did not – however – have any reason to do such a thing, nor had he the awareness of the possibilities which he now possessed the scope for.
“when will you go”?
“I don’t know, soon. . . I’ll wait till it takes me, I don’t know how it works, this feeling reminds me of the one I used to get when I was day-dreaming, or dreaming . . . unrestricted by accepted rules”.
“do you remember the number nine”? asked Cheyla “it has a value which has no apparent special function in the world of numbers apart from being a collection of ones. . .”
“yes my sister, how can I forget? It is either the only number or it disappears from view, either way it remains the largest number. . . I see what you are getting at. . . I cannot define how but I will . . .”
“just a moment!” 
Grandpa had been in the hall, he’d overheard the conversation between the two . . .
“ if you’re talking nine, be mindful . . . it is always there, it doesn’t vanish, it only appears when there is nothing else occupying the space that makes its existence evident, always remaining the ultimate object of combination, only can a number exist when it avoids joining with another to make nine, after that it can be part of a collaboration with any number . . . this may be of no consequence but if you are to leave soon I want to share this. . . it’s like a trick, another nine trick. . . take any number at all, a single number. . .”
Cheyla and Coe looked at each other and Coe said “ok . . . 7”
Grandpa scribbled the numbers down as they were said.
“make a division or divisions within that number, as if it were the sum that gave it to you and combine them into one number”
“ok, 5&2”
“52 . . . now – using maths – take away the 7 you started with”
“45?. . . aahh, I see, 4+5 . . . nine is relevant to all numbers” he tried with other combinations. . . 3&2&2 =322 – 7 = 315 = 9. . .3&4 = 34 – 7 = 27 = 9. . .”this is amazing , nine is like the key to which all numbers have an inextricable tie . . . in itself it has no conclusion . . . it just is”
Grandpa jumped in “it’s not the numbers, it’s the principle”
Coe chuckled, “I still don’t know what it all means” 
“My boy, that – I suspect – will come when the time is right . . . I’d like to show you something, come with me”
Coe and Cheyla both followed Grandpa out of the kitchen and the building, 
“you see my boy, I have known for a long time that something important would happen here at this place . . . I never thought it would be in my life time, but I believe now that you are part of the story . . . there is something you must know of”
They walked several feet from the house then turned to face it, on the south facing front of the house was a sun dial, a wall-mounted metal structure consisting of one long and one short part – it was fixed to the wall with a single screw. 
“ it has been there since I was a boy. . . this house is older than even I know . . . in my life time this old sundial has been repaired many times, I watched my father do it and have done it myself . . . it looks due for a bit of work . . . fetch the ladder will you Coe”?
Coe went to get the ladder and a screwdriver and proceeded to climb the wooden hypotenuse. The screw was well rusted and on closer inspection the dial was indeed quite rusty.
“bring it down then” the old man requested.
At this point Paco wandered over from the barn with the girls, intrigued by the gathering. The small crowd followed Grandpa as he took the rusting ‘v’ shaped object indoors and laid it on some scrap paper on the table, Coe studied it for a moment and verified that only the longer piece, the arm of the dial was rusty, the other shorter piece was in shiny new state, it had a surface which felt the same as iron, with a very slight spiral twist though it’s length just like the other piece, “I don’t get it, why is this piece so rusty and not this one”? he said holding the two now separated pieces up in front of him.
“I’ve replaced the main stem – when it’s gotten rusty – a few times before . . .”
Grandpa swiftly took the pieces of metal from Coe and laid them carefully on the table. 
“ . . . but it’s always the same” replied Grandpa “ my grandfather had this smaller piece of metal in his toolbox on the tractor we used to run, he never let anyone touch it . . . he made it into a sundial so it was always visible and not misplaceable . . . the story is that it was once coughed up by the well. . . nobody has known what it is or why it never get’s rusty, just another mystery” Grandpa looked Coe in the eye and handed the piece over, I think you should take it, keep it safe won’t you?”.
Coe nodded and took the pristine shaft of metal away to the privacy of his caravan, he had started to feel different since he held it, the others hadn’t seen but the metal had changed colour. ‘It’s not metal at all’ he said to himself, the object was changing quite rapidly now, it was no longer a shaft of metal but a soft and pliable thing – the likes of which he could not identify, he put it down with haste, something was happening, he knew what he had to do. With his heart pounding he pulled on his jacket, lifted and wrapped the object and headed down what had been the grassy path carved by the stream on that summers morning back in 1976. Remembering the tree and the way it had touched him, the feeling that there was a connection, a completion to be made was driving Coe as he walked briskly to the clearing of the forest near the stream . . . he had visited the tree many times and was aware of the importance of it.
*
There were four different types of energy Coe had been able to discern from the many energy spots he had found, but this spot by the tree had a touch of them all, like a grand junction. The questions had always been in his head only now he knew how to ask them, not questions you can ask with words, not conventional questions at all . . . no answers to be expected either but a convergence of energy and a willingness to ride the ethereal highways, he could feel it in every atom of his being.
The only real choice

The brain will interpret whatever comes its way through the senses, hence the perception and realisation of things will be experienced in a way – unique to every individual. We commonise things by applying commonly accepted identification, or a label of some kind, even so we still have individually unique perceptions. To varying degrees we accept that what a thing represents to us is the same for all and so to a certain extent we project it’s character on to it . But in the realm of the frequencies which we are not consciously aware of there are absolute identities – best visualised through the triple role we play, First; as the person we think we are. Second; as the person we are perceived to be, who – although we do not consciously acknowledge everyone’s version of ‘us’ – mingles it’s vibration with the vibrations of all beings. Which brings us to the third; the underlying expression of energy which we are in the universe . . . we have commonly intimated a connection between the three on some level by our recognition of polarity . . . right and wrong . . . good and bad etc – the extremes in both directions of a given feeling or subject, each of which is trumped by a universal equilibrium. If we project a reality outward which doesn’t have any natural place in existence – or creates disharmony, then we have to invoke any one of the diseases of the mind . . . Denial, Jealousy, Hatred etc . . . out of what we perceive to have shaped in our common reality, one through which – as we have carried it forward in our daily lifes – we have influenced ourselves in the way we have evolved as our conscious selves . . . however, the brain is subject to the vibration of all things – wether consciously perceived or not, and there is a doorway from our conscious/perceptive selves to the greater oneness of universal energy/consciousness, perhaps here-in lies the origins of the ideologies behind many meditation techniques and the goal to ‘ascend from’ or ‘transcend’ this reality or to ‘free the mind’.
* * *
It was a still evening, the clearing around the tree was dimly lit by the stars in a clear sky, the noises of the woods were a gentle cadenza, rising and falling in a tide of korsakovian laments, Coe settled in at the spot he had come to know – facing the tree . . . he quickly tuned in to the energy flowing through and around him, his thoughts turned to the object in the front pocket of his coat . . . as he drew it from its cloth wrapping he noticed that it had taken a form and texture like that of the cloth. The noises of the woodland stopped in apparent recognition of the objects’ presence – the tree seemed to stiffen into a poise and the air grew dense. The object was now like a swathe of flesh, it rose up out of his hand to float in front of his eyes, as if attached to puppet strings held by the branches of the tree. Coe sat with it for a few moments until he found himself making a choice . . . like the first jump from a high diving board . . . you make the choice to do it and wait for the body to follow. In this scenario the body doesn’t always follow, if it doesn’t then your natural bodily self preservation mechanisms have won over your mind, the mind may heed the warning and give up on the dive . . . or persist – conquering the feeling which is controlling the body through instinctive auto-reasoning . . . it takes just that tiny part of the will to convince the rest of the mind and body to carry out the jump . . . the only hard evidence of the safety of high diving is that you may have seen others do it repeatedly and survive, it can take a few tries, even then the body will resist the choice to some degree. 
As if caught in the blur of his successful bid to jump Coe found himself become aware of a view into a different plain of perception, a new sense through which the best description of its character would be ‘smoke filled’ and ‘highly charged’, particles of light whizzing by in straight lines and spirals leaving trails like the ones you see in a long exposure photographs.
Coe quickly became aware that in this new experience he was not restricted by the body, there was no body . . . as if the part of him which could interpret vibrations was now separate from his body and in a consciousness bubble of some kind. He felt a joy of recognising the feeling as if it had always been there but that he hadn’t identified, like the constant noise we are so used to that we don’t register anymore, the one we have commonised as ‘silence’ and taken as meaning ‘no sound’. 
To any passing walker in the woods there was a man sitting quietly. The object Coe had been graced with was no longer visible, it had become part of Coes collection of/and vehicle for his senses, like a pair of x-ray specs – giving him an insight into an altered reality. But for Coe it was a sensation not unlike the one you get when on the descent part of a swing in the park – only continuous . . . eventually he became more familiar with the sensation and realised that there was a pull in a particular direction – not like up or down or forward or backward . . . more like bigger or smaller or heavier or lighter, but this is not one of those things which has a polar opposite – an invitation. As he followed the pull he found that the illuminated particles whizzing by seemed to periodically change direction, and the Smokey environment would take on varying degrees of density, a feeling of utter acceptance that this was the most natural thing to do – came over him. 
Within moments it all slowed down, Coe was aware of another space, not the clearing in the trees, no trees at all, instead a different land. He rose up, acknowledged the lack of the form which he had now dispossessed. He could feel no part of his body, but as he became used to this new surrounding something odd happened, his body seemed to form around him by the direction of his own will, a self projection . . . a hologram or residual self if you like – formed from the residue of his own expectation, incomplete but familiar.
After coming into a minimum necessary state of being Coe could make real or ‘realize’ a very basic form. He also needed a sense of perception – to be made from scratch out of his memory of what that felt like. He soon became aware of the surroundings he found himself in – with that – the strangest feeling, like all the senses rolled into one.
* * *
Nothing can prepare the mind for new realities, you either accept them or you don’t ever experience them. In our world – the world we take to be real, with the many tangible possibilities we have allowed to be and become, and through acceptance of the acceptable – we have created or real-ized ‘The World’. 
* * *
Coe had created a vehicle with which to traverse this new landscape. Standing on the rock he had appeared on, a large flat rock – he saw that there was no vegetation around, just rocks, some large , some small but that was it – as far as the eye could see. As he moved his new weightless body through the landscape he felt a joy like the feeling of being welcomed by a close friend after a long separation, a feeling he could only liken to the feeling of being admired and loved. He could control the speed at which he travelled by the will in his thought, there was no sensation of physical energy being used but a freedom of the space without restrictions . . . he rose up high and looked around the area he was in, it was a vast island, the higher he rose the more of it he could see, it was surrounded by water like any island and was piled with rocks large and small, all of the same character.
The island seemed to have its own set of energy channels, Coe could see them swirling around locking together, passing through each other and meeting at junctions, they seemed just like the channels he had come to understand, but the energy didn’t feel the same . . . the purpose he was being driven by caused him to try to tune in to the energy flows. As soon as the choice was made Coe interpreted a voice, not words but like a coded frequency portraying an understanding of the rock energy.
The Rocks were the Genesian family , they had formed their own world here, a world of shared vibration, a continuous network of energy flowing as if riding the course of a complexed rollercoaster. There was a perpetual oneness of the entire family, existence without any polarity. This convergence had been going on between the genesians since before they arrived on Earth, no time was relevant. We might call it a peaceful reality but that would imply the existence or possibility of an unpeacefull one . . . neither would have any point . . . polarity does not exist for the genesians, it would serve no purpose – there had been no evolution necessary to support their existence, no want, no fear, no love, no hate, ultimately – an energy with absolute integrity and which could not be overpowered.
Coe was drawn to a spot near the edge of the island, it was then that he noticed the smoothness of the rocks’ surfaces . . . as if highly polished. Coe merged with the rock, sharing in the feeling which was so complete, his own energy found harmony within the vastness of the rock network. He became aware of the journey the rocks had made, across the void which we perceive as ‘space’. He was able to visualise the planet in its once silvery Plasmoid peril . . . the rocks’ devastating decent to the surface of our planet – causing cracks across the plates bringing on earthquakes and tidal waves. He witnessed too the dissipation of the Plasmoids into the atmosphere and matter of the planet. He realised at once that the energy of the planet and all things of the planet were influenced to some degree by the vibration of the rocks and of the Plasmoids, he then became aware of a finer point, where, as the Earth had created this geometric dimensional overtone – the resting place for the genesians – and the genesian life force allowing itself to be enclosed by it, there was a small gap in the membrane of the overtone – an Achilles heel – a small fragment of the rock had slipped through and rested on the earth’s surface. 
Coe witnessed the journey of the fragment, from the time when it had become separated from its parent rock through to present day, being shifted about by the movement of the earths’ crust and layers, being absorbed by the planet, thrown up by volcanic eruption, encased in molten rock, being submerged by the earth’s ocean for many thousands of years and travelling through the different layers of the planets structure – immuned to any influence it was subjected to. 
The rock fragment had been found and lost by many a being during the relatively short time since humans had evolved, some having found the ability to project the properties of the fragment out toward others, healing disharmonies and imbalances, restoring bodily health. Each of the keepers of the fragment had benefited from its powerful balancing influence, each being recognised by the people of their time as someone special, revered, even worshiped . . . others have been remembered as living gods. All who came near the fragment were – what the religious clerics would call ‘blessed’. Many humans who learned of it have seeked and even killed in order to acquire it.
Coe also witnessed the light trails of the plasmoid energy, an energy woven of the finest threads of silvery light, Coe saw how these threads clung to the energy of the Genesians as if constantly attempting to overcome the obstacle which it presented. It was also evident to him that there was no possibility of the Plasmoids ever breaking through, they were consistently neutralised and harmonised by the dominant character of the Genesian energy, as was he. 
Time had become irrelevant, it could have been moments or years that Coe had experienced in this alternate reality, he felt no bodily sensations and no loss of energy . . . still he found himself returning to the spot on the rock where he had entered this realm, before the thought had time to materialise in his mind he found himself sitting back at the tree . . . that fleshy object now was a part of his physical being . . . the result of this was an apparent thickening of the skin on his forehead.
It was dark, as it had been at the start of the experience, it left him numb. He gathered his senses and started the walk back to the farm feeling his forehead. Coe was overcome with all of the emotions connected to the information he had received, his body needed to catch up on what his mind was still processing and so all of the stuff he had experienced had to form as tangible thoughts in his head, all of which subsequently manifested quickly as emotion, so his eyes were wide and wetted as he approached the house.
“Hey Coe” Cheyla was taking in a bunch of nappies which had been hung out to dry too long, 
“so, what do you think? Has the metal thing got something to do with the other stuff? What will you do with it”
It dawned on Coe that he hadn’t been missed, “how long have I been gone?”
“about half an hour, something like that, silly! . . . are you ok?”
The walk to the tree had taken Coe about 15 minutes . . . it didn’t take him long to realise that the time he had spent in the other world was not subject to the time which passes in this one.
There’s no ladder 

Recap: It is a universally accepted constant whereby a ladder – subject to the conditions prevalent within the realms of this planet – has a definitive angle which – in its optimum position – creates a most stable climbing apparatus, it also completes the construction of a right angled scalene triangle. And so. . . does it hold a key to unlocking some of the mysteries which – through science – we strive to solve? and that we have – in the past – passed off as, or shrouded within the realms of superstition and dogma . . . Does the ladder defy any natural worldly forces? 
Of course it has nothing to do with the ladder . . . it is just an incidental object playing the role of hypotenuse to the scalene triangle, a triangle which requires for its identity that the three sides and angles have different but relative sizes. An isosceles triangle – however – has two equal sides and angles . . . pardon the geometry lesson but an equilateral triangle has three equal sides and angles, always 60o, 60o, 60o and is the most applicable to the subject of sacred geometry and as a key to one of the five universal shapes. It is one of the key shapes accepted in the sacred geometrical structures thought to exist in and around the human body. 
* * *
If we look at the science and various statistical properties of a given ‘thing’ we will be able to extend the realms of its subject through survey, discussion and experiment, satisfying curiosity and/or compulsion. If instead we simply visualise the ‘thing’ we can understand everything we need to about it within the natural limitations of the cycles which nature has bestowed on us, maybe not at first as we are strongly submerged in a reality where we need physical proof. We seem to have lost the ability to simply know a thing in truth without externalising its details – details which lend themselves to the chance of holding them as external subjects, subjects which we apply our own set of governing rules to whilst we try to commonise them and make them subjects of common matter instead of allowing them to be and ‘being’ in return. In non-human nature ‘Revelation is a property of expression’ . . . in other words – we rush to know things more quickly than they can be truly known, neglecting the element of stability which would occur naturally if we were to take our time.
* * *
Coe now realised that his purpose, his ordination was only part of a greater plan, a plan which was to somehow find and bring the fragment of rock back to the Genesian family. A plan forged by the Earth, taking millions of years to come together through a necessary culmination of energies, including the technologies which humans have developed, requiring precision timing and positioning.
The feeling he got was one of realisation . . . all the great prophets, leaders, healers and heroes had been influenced by the fragment. ’where do I start looking for this little piece of rock?‘ he asked himself, ‘where was this place I just visited’? . . . but he knew that his questions were to be answered through experience and not by explanation, he also knew that the rock was in the hands of people, in a tin, in a box, somewhere in the dark.
* * *
The two adventurers had been hotel hopping, they finally found a small house to rent in Brighton, they had enough money to last from the sale of Michelles apartment and Sananda wanted to check out the Steiner school there.
*
Brighton is one of those places which seems to attract certain types of people, in days of old it gained a reputation as being the playground of the royals and aristocrats, a place where things happened behind closed doors. Decadence was the order of the day in the lives of the families of modern power, two worlds formed as they had before and will again, one world for people who want everything and take it, the other where people had everything but had it taken from them, leaving them wanting . . . 
The irony of the meaning of the word ‘decadence’ and its relationship to ‘decadent’ does not dimmi9nish in the context of this part of the story.
. . . In this era it was the time when the two worlds forged their differences and accepted them, the class system. None worked harder than the working class – the new role and status for the commons, the cogs that kept the economic growth machine working. By the early 20th century the working class lived in the belief that if they worked hard enough they would rise up through the class barrier, the upper class took for granted their inherited fortunes and lifestyles and denial prevented their acknowledgement of the unfairness which was born of it, one or two of the lower class would slip through every now and then, usually when a new form of industry evolved.
It was in the 19th century that a whole section of Brighton known as ‘North Laine’ – which had been open farming plots and eventually ended up gaining the reputation of being a slum – was engulfed by the growing town of Brighton, the area was just outside the original village of ‘Bright Helm’. Just along the coast at Shoreham was the main harbour and port for the south of England where all kinds of foreign aristocracy entered and left, also where the plague is said to have entered the country of England. The frequency of dealings – the nature of which was best not known by the people – grew. Secret trade was sweetened with secret parties, the art of opium was a thriving hobby of the rich and the royal, of course the money for this kind of trade had to be kept off the books and so the numbers were lost in the growing and planned bureaucratic main-frame of corporate interest. And so . . . the trend for the rich to donate money to government was born. Soon other ways of manipulating numbers evolved from this allowing numbers to be invented to fit circumstances, soon the government was secretly owned and run by the corporate power-houses of the time.
The town of Brighton has an air of frivolity about it, a party attitude. There’s some kind of magnetism, a vortex, attracting the expressive and the perverse. The weather too . . . Brighton boasts a unique geographical position in relation to the sea and the south downs giving it a generally good hand in the weather gamble.
Michelle and Sananda were there for neither expression or perversion but they were compelled to stay. 
Food for thought

Back in Austria, Gerhardt was becoming increasingly aware of the balancing influence of the Fragment. By now the ammo’ box from Stanmer had been stashed under the bed in the spare room of Sanandas and Michelles house, sat side by side with the boxed tin in the dark. Gerhardt, now looking and seeming like a man twenty years his junior had slept over the fragment every night since the couple left, this went unrealised by the Austrian family. The bi-product of this was that he was now intimately aware of his own systems, the systems which prevail in all humans. He came to understand the energies which combined to animate his physical being . . . his physical body. ‘Food for thought’ is how he saw it. He had taken to walking, the air was clean in the mountains and his mind was open to the influences of the natural world. 
The four main systems as he now saw them were rooted in a production, a play with a cast of four elements, the respiratory system as air, the bodily structure and tissues as earth, the vascular system as water and the nervous system as fire – the electric supply. He saw each systems’ part in the others . . . the respiratory system is powered by reflex of the diaphragm controlled and monitored by the beta nervous system ; the vascular system filters fluid to lubricate and detoxify the body : the body provides tissues for use to form and repair the organs of the vascular, nervous and respiratory systems : the vascular system transports toxins and waste to the lungs for ejection – where the oxygen intake is transferred through the tissues to the organs . . . the list goes on and on, a complexed inter-woven network of collaboration creating this mortal coil. Gerhardt saw something else, the same systems are at work everywhere, all around us . . . all of the time. One thing stood out to him in all of this, the feeling that the fire element was ultimately the element which is central to the possibility of a conscious three dimensional form. The other elements seem to be able to exist within unanimated manifestations . . . but the sun is the master animator. 
The eternal question of ‘thought’ was the pressing matter, Gerhardt could not really put ‘thought’ into any elemental bag, 
’ziss sing, it is so very illusive and yet it is viz us nearly all of ze time’ – a typical thought he had to himself whilst walking the mountain landscapes, thinking about thought . . . we drink water into the vascular system, we eat matter to build and repair the body and we breath the air into our lungs for oxygenation, these things are all done by mouth and nose . . . maybe the nervous system – with its command centre, where thought manifests – is fed by ?. . . he had no answer. 
Gerhardt was heading for the hills, the telescope on the balcony had given him many an hour of pleasure over this last few months since Sananda and Michelle had been away. He had studied the sky by night and the landscapes by day. An obsession had grown in his mind drawing him to a heightened interest in the caves he had seen at a distance through the telescope. His urge to go beneath the ground by-passed his reasoning mind. He remembered a mission which had been planned by him and his team back in 1945, a mission which never took place. Austria was Hitler’s homeland and a country boasting possibly the deepest cave in the world, looking through the pages of his log books he found the outline of the mission . . . at the root of it was a legend – as was the case in so many of the expeditions, and – as with many a legend the story was partly rooted in recorded history . . . 
* * *
There was a powerful knight called Lampecht who gifted a great fortune in treasure to his two beautiful daughters, one of the sisters had stolen the others share and hidden it in the cave beneath the mountains, the cave was named thus ‘Lampechtsofen’ or ‘Lampechts oven’.
* * *
The legend has drawn many a treasure-hunter to their deaths in search of the fortune of the legendary treasure . . . and Hitler had lost two teams of men to the deep and treacherous cave already. 
Gerhardts own life-long fascination with gold, the significance of it within the courses and directions of civilisations, it’s mysterious reputation – not to mention its own natural beauty, purity and value – was awake – now more than ever. Only this time he had a deeper question driving his inquisition. Expeditions had always been tainted by knowledge of the motives behind his employment – wealth and power or simply possession, all usually fuelled by greed. Now his intrigue was aroused by the meaning of gold in the bigger picture, the seed which had planted itself in his mind way back in the northern mountains of Nepal, the seed which had also planted itself in the heart of the planet during the forming of the universe. 
He felt an undeniable magnetism which made his one man expedition and inevitability. Without much preparation he set off on the 25 mile journey north to find the cave, it was a mission he did not think beyond. He packed a bag with a map, a compass, some water, a blanket and the tin with the fragment inside, this kit bag was about the limit of weight he could manage. The weather was kind and the wind behind him. He left early in the morning to make good use of the daylight, arriving at an isolated mountain dwelling at sundown where he was offered refuge by a family of kindly mountain folk. 
Gerhardt dreamed that night of gold as a substance made of light, swirling around him and lifting him, he flew around in the sky, soaring above the clouds. The gold light had a character which made him feel strong and it had a voice which said “only one who seeks the wisdom of gold with pure thought may discover that which they seek” . . . this became his walking thought as he set off the next day.
A certain feeling he normally associated with fear prevailed in his mind. The last six miles of the journey were a breeze. He felt weightless and awake when he arrived – only to find that a building for tourists had been built there with a cafe and souvenir shop. The ticket office was closed and the car park empty, he found the place to be deserted all but for a figure which stood higher up the slope but quickly moved from view, ‘must be a valker’ thought Gerhardt. 
Mid-morning and a coach arrived, from the coach emerged two dozen or so children accompanied by three adult chaperones. The groups’ attentions paid acknowledgement to Gerhardt and one of the three adults approached, “are you here to see the cave” ?
“ yes I vould like to go inside, is it going to be opened soon? do you know”?
“yes I have the gate key, this is a school trip . . . the public facility is closed most of the time, entry is gained by arrangement these days . . . you can come in with our group if you like”
“I vould like zat very much”
The group – led by one of the adults began the short journey to the caves entrance, a guide rail had been put in place and a timber stair case which led them down into a large cavern. The cave was artificially lit and plaques of printed information were displayed at intervals along the walkway. One of the children caught Gerhardts eye, the Childs eyes and mouth were wide open in awe of the large cavern, inspired by this he spoke to the child . . .
“zere is a story behind zis cave” Gerhardt put his heavy bag on the ground and went on to recount the story of the knight and his daughters, his voice was clear, his tone mesmerising. The whole group stood quietly and listened to the story and an energy of intrigue and excitement came over them. When he had finished telling the story the children started to talk amongst themselves about the treasure with a sense of creative playfulness. 
As the group calmed down they all became aware of a rumbling around them, the adults looked at each other and the children went into a panic
“get zem out of here” said Gerhardt hastily, his bag was still on the floor, it was too heavy to run with but he didn’t want to leave it behind. Pieces of rock started to fall from the ceiling of the cave. There wasn’t going to be enough time for them all to get out, Gerhardt noticed a figure, the same figure he had seen outside, just a silhouette in the caves entrance, the figure turned quickly and vanished.
A large pillar of a lime stalactite formation which seemed to be the only thing supporting the entire ceiling was shaking and cracking, Gerhardt could only get out if he left the bag behind. In a moment he had made his choice, he grabbed the bag and made toward the pillar, he only had one thought in his mind . . . to save the children, 
“get zem out of here” he shouted again. He tried to hold the pillar together by putting his outstretched arms around it but it kept on crumbling. An incredible strength came to him which he didn’t have time to acknowledge. The pillar had lost its base and now in its place was Gerhardt, both arms raised and both palms stretched under the enormous weight of the caves ceiling. 
The children were screaming, their chaperones desperately trying to get the group to the cave mouth, rocks and dust tumbled from the walls and ceiling of the cave. The last adult to leave the cave turned to see this old man holding the ceiling up, only for the dust and falling rubble could he not make out Gerhardts huge figure properly enough to see the change in the man’s stature. That was when Gerhardt realised his position. It would have taken at least fifty men to support the weight he was supporting and yet he could manage the strain, his body had augmented to the physique of a giant body builder, his clothes ripped from the size of him, the bag still hanging around his body, he felt power he had only dreamed of. His old and thin skin split and ripped open at the swelling of his muscles causing him to resemble an artistic illustration of the muscular system.
The group made it to safety with only a few scratches between them, they ran clear of the trembling and friable cave entrance in time to witness a final loud rumble and a plume of thick dust which billowed out of the mouth of the cave. When the dust had settled it became evident that the cave entrance had been completely blocked.
The log

The last pages of Gerhardts latest log book were now filled with the scribblings of his most recent mind, a diary of translated thought. It was not something he had planned, in fact the last few months had taken the person out of the human and replaced it with a nugget of golden consciousness, any attachment he had acquired through his life – even to his own identity – had become rested in Baudrillard’s dustbins of history, he had attained the highest expression of the human form.
* * *
Sananda’s mother had written a letter to the couple in Brighton reporting the bad news, they returned immediately to Thor. The first thing they saw when they entered the house was the log book on the bed, Michelle read through her tears, as the words revealed to her the direction her father’s mind had taken in these last months of his mortal life.
Excerpt from the log : I believe now that perfect balance can only be achieved in the body when it is in harmony with its surroundings, if high entropy is to be found in a living form it must rest within a hairs breadth of physical collapse . . . the forces which aim to accelerate the form toward its highest entropy must be in check-mate with the forces and energies which perpetuate it’s low entropy . . . balance

Michelle looked up at Sananda and drying her eyes said “do you think he was ‘enlightened’ by the fragment? I mean he has been sleeping right over it”
“maybe so . . . we should go and see if it is possible to retrieve the body, and the fragment”
Michelle looked down at the bed and knelt to drag the ammo’ box from under it. Sananda lifted it onto the bed “my brother will be able to open it . . . we must get to the bottom of this thing”
* * *
The effort to clear the rubble and repair the cave entrance was being planned by the authorities. Michelle had arranged to meet a representative at Lampechtsofon, it had taken two weeks for the police to establish beyond doubt that there was someone in the cave when it collapsed and then to trace where he had come from. There were several lorries and plant machinery jostling around in the car park. All loose rubble had been moved and the side of the mountain showed hardly any clue of there being a cave there at all.
They met the police chief and safety officer to discuss the circumstances, “we have a cave guy in dere at de moment, he’s lowered himself in from de upper vent, I appreciate dat jou vould like to retrieve your faders body but I must make it clear dat it is extremely dangerous . . . we think dere must have been some kind of tremor, dough, dere are no seismological reports of it anywhere else”
A small crowd of rescue men stood around a hole about three hundred meters higher up the mountainside with ropes and climbing gear. They seemed to be pulling something out of the hole, a rescue climber emerged and removed his helmet and the whole team started to descend the mountainside. As they scrambled down the embankment and into the car park Sananda and Michelle – along with the two officials – greeted them, “what’s de story”? asked the police chief, 
“it’s a real mess in there” the man turned to Michelle and Sananda, “are you related?” Michelle nodded, “my father”, 
“I’m sorry . . . I saw the body, it’s hard to tell what happened but his legs are trapped under a large rock, it seems from the report that he died saving a whole bunch of other folks, I have been in this cave many times before and the floor in there right now it’s unrecognisable, there are big hollows all across . . . it’s gonna take some time to clear it . . . oh! I found this though” he stretched his arm out behind him toward his team
“the bag, guys, the bag” 
one of his team passed the bag over to him, ”I don’t know what is in here but it is heavy”
The couple looked at each other and Michelle took the bag, held it for a moment and handed it to Sananda. 
As they were leaving, a small group of people were standing on the road, “ are you his family”? asked a man, “he was my father” said Michelle. The group all rushed and respectfully hugged her, then a child said “he saved us, I saw him, he told us . . . me and my class – the story of the cave, about the treasure . . . he had special eyes” 
Michelle smiled through her own glazed eyes “yes he did”
An older woman stepped forward “your father visited us the night before the accident, he had walked from Thor he said . . . wait though, he didn’t seem old enough to be your father . . . anyway while he was with us . . . we couldn’t work it out at the time but he brought a very good feeling to the house, he told us he planned to visit the cave . . . but something else”, the woman reached forward and held Michelles hands in hers . . .
“you see, since I was a young girl I have been blind, but the morning after your father was here, when I woke I could see a bit of light and since then I have regained my sight completely, your father had left early before I woke . . . my husband was up though and told your father that he was welcome to visit on his return journey, your father simply thanked him, smiled and walked away. At first we didn’t realise why my eyes had improved but I was sure that it had something to do with him.
Michelle smiled through a sad face . . . “yes, he had a special way about him”
* * *
When they returned to the house in Thor, Sananda fetched Villy to open the ammo box
“shouldn’t take long” he said as he analysed the lock from different angles, they took the box outside and villy fetched an angle grinder. He had soon cut through the lock
“there that should do it”, they prized the lid open to reveal a bunch of stuff 
“wow” said Villy – the box had a treasure of its own.
Michelle and Sananda took the box into the house, amongst various objects in the box was the vase which Charles had spoken of, with a lid, chain and a handle on the side, it was the only container in the box. Michelle picked it up and started to clean the dust off of it carefully, 
“is it gold”? asked Sananda,
“I think so, either gold or brass, it’s hard to tell, it’s so dirty . . . in the myths there was always a way of releasing the Djinn, rubbing it three times or in a circle, or saying a magic word including specific phonetic sounds”. 
’ they looked at each other 
“do you think”? . . . they were overcome with curiosity, Sananda nodded to Michelle and looked at the vase, Michelle held it up and started to rub the side of the vase slowly in a backward and forward motion, after the third time the lid clicked open releasing a pressure which blew away the dust as it broke the seal, a small white light emerged from inside the vase, floated and grew in the air in front of them, within a few moments a face seemed to appear in the light, then shoulders . . . the two of them couldn’t take their eyes off the light. A voice came – though the face remained motionless with a gentle smile ,
Nathanael
. . . ”thank you, my name is Nathanael, do not speak, I have been in here for many hundreds of years . . . you have started the process of freeing me” . . . 
The voice became deep and serious
“you must be very careful, there is a force at work and it’s closer than you think, by fate the stone you poses has been protected inside a metal vessel – as have I . . . I had no choice, I had to leave my body, it was the only thing for me to do, I was 400 years old and I was ready to go . . . I’d had a number of apprentices, the most recent of which had betrayed me . . . he learned the secret of the stone and had felt the effect of the power it possessed . . . he arranged for an ambush by his own small following, his soldiers . . . I had gained a certain power from the stone which had increased over the time I had carried it . . . but the earth itself helps the stone when it is threatened, she opened up a hole in their path and devoured most of them . . . protecting the stone from the ‘other’ has been my life, it must be protected . . . the Kasbah was my refuge after much journeying, the stone is older than all men and it’s power is strong . . . men driven by obsessive greed are searching for this stone, the lure is great . . . many men search for its power but do not know it, their efforts are consumed by a hunger and lust for power . . . but some men do know . . . and there is one who is near who brings his search to your position . . . 
. . . on the day the soldiers caught up with me in west Africa I hid the stone deep in the tomb and went to the stairs to guard the entrance . . . they were approaching . . . then the ground started shaking and the walls collapsing . . . I harnessed my Djinn by an unpractised method and trapped it in the vessel, we then exchanged places with only moments to spare before the tomb filled with sand, I could see everything that was happening . . . I know now that I can see through eyes of the djinn and have seen many things of the changing times . . . my body was already buried in the Kasbah when I saw the soldiers arrive . . . there was a sand-storm . . . the soldiers tried to dig out the sand and rubble but the earth kept trembling . . . they got to my body but got away with only my head, arm and shoulder . . . they wanted the stone but the earth protected it . . . 
. . . I can serve you in any pure form but the consequential balance of any requests you may make will be yours to account for . . . you have the stone I see . . . it must be protected and returned to its family, keep it in a vessel of metal . . . you must be careful what you think when you next open my vessel . . . now I advise you to put the lid back . . . when you open it again have a clear thought in your head of the service I may do – for any purpose of the thought you have will be fulfilled, you are people of pure intent, use me wisely, for the third opening marks the end of my captivity”.

Michelle closed the lid as the light shrank back inside the vase.
The pair of them new that they needed to think very carefully before opening the vase again, their work was cut out for them, so many questions. What ‘family’ must it be returned to? Where?
The gravity of the situation hit them hard, they needed time to make a clear plan of action,
“if only my father was alive, he would know what to do . . . wait” Michelles eyes became wide, she moved excitedly toward her father’s bag which was now on the floor, picked it up and emptied its contents out on to the bed. The tin was not there, the fragment was loose amongst the dust and the damaged contents. Michelle picked up the compass and held it to her chest. Sananda picked up the fragment . . . “the tin, it must be in the cave”.
It would be weeks before the cave would be re-opened, maybe months. The stone presented a reality to them. They read through the final pages of the log and realised the possibility that the stone would revert anyone who possessed it into the higher expression human being, with powers unlike any we understand today, powers which condone the intended expression of the human animal – powers which had been prevented from evolving with us by the legacy of the Plasmoids – though they knew not of such things as Plasmoids, they began to understand within the core of their being, that as they spent more time around the rock fragment – changes were inevitable. They cleared out the ammo box, wrapped the stone in a large towel and put it inside the box agreeing that more things needed to be understood before going any further, agreeing that if they weren’t careful they could end up with power which they did not fully understand. Locking the door to the spare room with the metal box inside they curled up warmly together for the night.
The next few days were spent by the couple rediscovering each other, things had changed so much in the time they had known each other, it seemed to them that the circumstances of their meeting were too coincidental, one might say it blew their minds.

*

The couple had intended on staying in Brighton, the place held the memory of a kind which all true lovers have, the kind of memory which can return to mind as an unchanged feeling – a solid yet pliable – fragile yet unbreakable thing. The baptism they had received from the dance of the waves and wind on the beach stones in the morning sun had forged a mould which cast the shape of their love, the shape of comfortable togetherness and ‘as long as they both shall live-ness. It was the realest marriage possible, not tainted by ownership or the baggage of conceived sanctity. No expectation arose from their silent pact, a point of separation existed between them which allowed them to be around each other’s energy, not joined, not one, but two separate entities creating a third without sacrifice, a truth, a rule of two, their coming together created the birth of an entity.
The secret world

A week had passed and the couple had been spending time between adventure of two kinds, their physical relationship – which was becoming so that the ground literally shook with their peaking – each time stronger than the last . . . and their mission to understand the unfolding mystery. 
One morning Sanandas mother brought mail over to the house, a letter to Sananda, postmarked Frankfurt . . . 
“He wants to come and visit, he says his father has heard of the accident and wants to help with the recovery of the body . . . strange, I’ve never heard of such a gesture from this man, he spends most of his time in reclusion, planning methods of growing more money. He holds secret meetings, uses his son as the innocent face of his money motivated political machine . . . this is too much, really, Nathanael was right, our problems are much closer than we realised”
“what else does it say”?
“He says he will be here . . . tomorrow! . . . We must hide the box somewhere deeper, that the earth may protect it if necessary, come” 
Sananda got the box and led Michelle out behind the house and into the thicket,
“we have a pump house at the source where we pipe our water, it has a door with a bolt and lock, I think it is a good place”.
A small door, fitted between two large bedrocks – even Michelle had to stoop to get through it – opened to reveal a steeply sloping narrow and cramped tunnel of a pathway, Michelle held the torch . . .
“be careful, it’s just a few meters further” they came to the source. A small access hole – and torch light – revealed the underground brook,
” just over here” He lifted a large flat rock from its position, it was heavy – even for this large man, under it was a space between the pipes and pump. Michelle shone the torch inside, a cavity with various small openings of blackness, some – barely big enough to get a hand through, Sananda lowered the ammo box into the cavity and replaced the stone lid.
“That feels better, do you think Jurgen knows about it”?
“I think from his letter, that he suspects something . . . from what I know – old mr Braun hardly ever speaks of private interests, he was always the one who instructed the team as to the workings of the ‘system’ as he called it. I was discluded from this soon after my employment when I was made ‘close personal assistant’ . . . to be honest Jurgen didn’t really know what was going on, his ego had been massaged behind the scenes to make him feel clever, his personal success can only really be measured in wealth”
The next day came and jurgen arrived by car, the two men embraced and sananda noticed there was no chauffeur . . .
“you can drive”?
“yes, now let us talk . . . I am worried”
They went to the house where Michelle was making coffee, 
“my condolences miss marquis”. . . Jurgen began to tell of his reason for being there . . . “after you left, I don’t know why but I lost interest in the life I had, I noticed that things ran themselves anyway . . . I got a visit from my father and three of his associates . . . it was just the other day, I don’t know how he found out so soon but I have not seen my father with such a strong will to help someone at his own expense before, he asked if I had heard from you” 
Jurgen looked cold and serious .
“and many other questions. I agreed to visit you to arrange the help he is offering but I tell you . . . I feel . . . something else is going on, do you know anything to explain this”?
“here’s the coffee . . . I’m sure it’s nothing, it’s a very kind gesture but you’re right, I don’t think your father knows me or my . . . actually my father did say he had known of him but they were not acquainted, I don’t think so anyway, he never mentioned it”
she was trying to sound as if Jurgens news hadn’t affected her. Jurgen spotted something about the way she spoke, the way she looked at Sananda and the way Sananda looked back at her . . . though his mind didn’t allow what he had spotted to develop into anything . . . the feeling was there anyway.
Jurgen sighed “maybe it’s nothing then, I don’t know, something made me feel like it was not quite right, I have not felt quite right since you left . . . actually no, I have never felt righter but, I have missed your company . . . Sananda”
“and I yours . . . Jurgen”.
“ It’s strange but I was sure my father was up to something, the way he spoke to me, he kept looking at the other men . . . and his questioning was careful, It felt to me like he had a motive”
The couple both had scenarios running through their minds. They looked at each other, Jurgen again noticed the look mid coffee sip, “there”! He said “there it is”, there is something”
“Yes” said Michelle “there is” 
Both men looked at Michelle, sananda in surprise and jurgen with interest,
“it’s no good, you clearly mean to help us . . . I think” 
she looked at sananda and continued “I think that, bearing in mind the connection we now have, I mean if it weren’t for him . . .” still looking at Sananda but gesturing toward Jurgen “ we would not have met and . . . well . . . I am starting to see that the journeys we are all on are just sections of a collection of journeys, we’ve come together without having known that the decisions we made . . . all of our choices, through our lives, our families histories . . . would lead us to this point, here in this room . . . and if  . . .”
“just a minute . . . would you explain? Please . . . Michelle? . . . sananda? . . . what? What has this to do with my father”?
“it’s my fault” said Sananda “I shouldn’t have exposed you to it . . . not without knowing what was happening, I’m sorry”
*
This kind of history – the kind pieced together after being retrieved from the dustbin, the kind which has included in its life span many lives, many threads of family fibre and earthly serendipity . . . like brightly coloured strands woven through a vast black tapestry – splitting and multiplying, crossing and re-crossing paths and all coming together at exactly the right time, now separate from the other contents of the worlds collection of historic refuse.
*
“please . . .” jurgens voice revealed his absolute ignorance as to the premise of the situation 
“what is happening”? 
He knew that something had changed in himself, and that it all started changing when sananda had gone away, he had felt vulnerable, like a fledgling swimmer who just took their armbands off for the first time . . . his proverbial arms felt thin and inadequate without the presence of his aid.
“this is something you will have to make a promise not to talk about . . . not with anybody. . .”
Jurgen was confused, “ok . . . sananda, I think of you as my best friend . . . I would not sacrifice that for anything, I am here because . . . well I don’t know, I could have said it all in the letter but . . .”
“ok here’s how it is” interrupted Sananda. . .
Sananda and Michelle explained how the rock fragment had come into their hands, they told of Gerhardt and of how they had all felt the balancing effects of the stone, of where it had come from and of how the open tin had been just a couple of feet away from Jurgen during dinner at the old Braun family home that night in Frankfurt, of how the story had unfolded and of the voice from the vase. 
Jurgen felt shell shocked. 
“If I didn’t know you sananda I would think you were joking . . . what of my father though? Do you think he knows about the rock thing? Do you think it is deeper than this”?
“we just don’t know” Michelle gave Jurgen a brief lesson in Arabic mythology . . . at least the stuff about the Djinn, she made it simple.
“ok . . . so there’s a secret world of . . . things !” Jurgen was showing the signs of frustration and anger he had become so used to displaying through his normal life “ I am sorry . . . we should probably stay focused, right”?
Michelle nodded and smiled through “I think that if somebody has knowledge of the balancing influence which this rock has on things, and the power . . . and that if that person had ideas of using the energy for a corrupt cause they might go to incredible lengths to get their hands on it” 
Sananda raised a finger, “ on the other hand, the rock may cancel out their intentions . . .”
“ I don’t know but we can’t afford to take the chance . . . Nathanael said that it must be returned to its family, whatever that means . . . It’s a conundrum . . . according to Nathanael it is possible to exchange places with your djinn . . . myth says that if a person meets their djinn that one of the two disappears”.
The following discussion went into and around all of the possibilities and theories which might make the story clearer, but when all was said there were still gaping holes throughout it.
Michelle put forward the task of defining the first question to ask Nathanael. . .
“we will have to ask, it’s the only way we can be sure we are looking in the right direction . . . what had he been planning to do with the fragment before he was finally forced to leave his body? Did he know where ‘the rocks family’ was? Is that where he was heading? Is that what we should ask him? . . . we don’t even know how much time we have”!
Jurgen stood, straightened his suit jacket and announced, “one thing is for sure, we must get away, and to somewhere neutral . . . I have had enough of living for money, the time has come to let it all go”
Sananda was proud of his friend, “what about the house”? he asked with a smile
“ Aaah Vienna”? Jurgen gazed into his minds picture of the house and all it stood for . . . “it means nothing to me”
Part 3
Energies

Journeying through the lines of energy around the planet had become a regular occupation for Coe, through trial and error he had learnt the ways of the ‘traffic’ , he’d understood the network more with every journey, how the energies related to each other and to the elements. Like the system of underground trains we find in major cities, linking and connecting, sharing their passengers. There was a water line, an earth line, and an air line . . . interlinked, perpetuating each other’s energy at the many junctions . . . Yes – there was a fire line too but Coe didn’t understand it, he had come close to making the choice to travel it on several occasions but the proverbial doors had closed to that choice before he could enter. Something else would need to be understood.
It had become clear to him that the sundial piece was what enabled him to travel, a ticket for a form of transport, without it he could not have entered the network. 
Paco or Cheyla would sometimes go with Coe to the tree to watch over him whilst he journeyed – which to them was only ever for a matter of moments – every time he went into the network it was with the intention of furthering the quest to find the little rock but the clues were few and the energies strong. He had seen wonderful places, some of the places he had seen were actual cities, like a ghost he would hover around unseen by folk. He had travelled to the extremities of the planets realms through the water, earth and air lines, there was an influence of fire in each of these – as there is in all things in the physical world but – as is also the case in the physical world, you cannot touch it directly without being burned.
* * *
December, the dark time closing in, a time which humans used to recognise as being the closest we come to other sides of things, other worlds . . . a time where our bodies, minds and thoughts change in the way they react to the things we experience. Men – through the church had long ago set up a system, a mask which suppresses these awareness’s, imposed to cover the whole period, a suppression of awareness, concealed behind stories designed to blind people from the truth. This time would instead become a time of extravagance, a time of high consumption, the celebration of something far more comforting and tangible than the precariousness of life and it’s cycles. In times when food supplies are naturally low, when light has all but bowed out and many life forms have ceased their cycle amid the shorter days . . . normally people would naturally understand how physically vulnerable they are at this time and would feel the joy at being given a new beginning at its passing – with the prospect of longer days bringing the food and life cycles back to a starting point – it’s unavoidable, it’s like time slowing down . . . but it has been exchanged for a time of indulgence, and in its place ignorant and obtuse denial has been well planted to perpetuate it.
* * *
Coe felt the closeness of fire, in this time we are all drawn to fire, when it is cold . . . like the Euglenoids we strive to find the most comfortable conditions. What Coe did not understand yet was that ‘Fire’ was truly on the cards for him this Christmas.
The festival’s fakery and its use as a Hoover for money by the churches, politicians and their corporate partners was a million miles from this family. They had all witnessed something which dwarfed the now commercial and hollow shell which has become the story of Christmas so they were all looking forward to the 21st, the day the sun gets to its lowest point on the horizon . . . for the three day period following that, the suns position on the horizon at rise and set remain the same, a freeze. 
The 25th held a feeling of excitement, for the beginning of earths new cycle along with the apparent jump start of the sun after three days was about to happen.
After learning and travelling the lines for many years, Coe knew that the times of year were related to the elements, each with its own peak-time, but like with all things in our world – fire is the governor. 
The year is now 2003 , to Coe the pertinent thing about this time was that he was here with the only people he really knew and loved, it is through these things that a family and community and indeed a species gains it’s strength. 
His Saturn return was nearly complete, he knew he had to leave stuff behind. He planned to go to the other world in search of entry to the fire line . . . an ongoing search, the achievement of which he had realized to be nearest to him at this time of year, he would try again on the 25th, the new moon would occur on the 23rd in this year, conditions were favourable.
The full moon/water/light show had been a strong one earlier in the month, not so strong as to cause anything like the spectacle it had once done, but it instilled a surety of timing for Coe in his plan to travel . Coe now got ‘the feeling’ as he walked the short distance to the clearing whenever he travelled, he was by now an experienced traveller of a kind the earth has rarely seen in many thousands of years. The great oak was in tune with him to such an extent that the connection was apparent to Coe even as he neared the clearing, the choice was made and the journey underway in one action, a smooth operation, like jumping into a car that has the engine running and the hand-break off.
There are many junctions and many lines, these energy flows carry the life force and expression of their element and emanate it outwards to the physical world in different combinations.
Coe planned to go to the island of the rocks, he could reach them by any line but he had acquired preferences. The air line was the smoothest for him, the particles around him seemed yellow . . . the particles in the earth line were red and in the water line – dark. This time he would focus on the rocks and try to pinpoint where the parent rock was on this planet . . . it was unlike anywhere on earth he had travelled to – even when he found quite desolate places – there were plants or bugs of some kind and evidence of elements . . . here, there were just these rocks, not even soil, just rocks. 
But when Coe went to make his choice this time he found an influence which over-rode it and sent him somewhere else.
* * *
Jurgen had pulled together all of his acquirable assets and whisked Sananda, Michelle and the box away. He drove them to his yacht moored at La Rochelle, ‘The Argo’ . . . they sailed slowly around the coast of France, stopping many times for days – sometimes weeks, alluding detection from those who might be searching for them . . . past the channel islands to le Havre and across to Brighton marina. Jurgen would take the yacht back to La Rochelle and meet them sometime soon to be arranged. 
It was good to be back, the couple discovered the beauty and tranquillity of the south downs. Exposure to the wind there has a way of clearing the tumble weed of the mind, they would walk together and alone. Sananda found work in the local Steiner school as part of a team who analyse behavioural patterns in children at different stages of development, his qualifications were well suited to the position. The study so far had concluded that there are points in every Childs early life – when given a crayon and paper, that the expression moves from random backward and forward scribble to random continuous circles or spirals reaching a point when the child will eventually join one end of the line to the other and start to form circles and other shapes. This was right up his strasse, the development of the human mind empowering the brain . . . the brain has massive potential in every being but the environment it is subjected to dictates the limits and realities it is bound by through the growth direction of the mind.
* * *
Brighton had changed, even in this short time, now a city corporation. The big London investors had moved in too, buying up large properties to make into flats and offices, knocking down many of the buildings which had previously characterised the town, painting a new picture of visual reality and influencing the aspirations of the people, pushing the prices up and driving a big fat wedge between the classes whilst simultaneously developing the city-cloned shopping experience for the consumer – another example of the corporate/capitalists holy trinity – The corporations sitting on the throne, the banks, politicians/media doing their work to keep the money flowing dextrally and the commons working and striving to acquire the shiny things placed in front of them and to get on the ‘property ladder’ . . . a modern replica of the old system of Kings, Churches, Barron’s and Earls, keeping people out of the loop but filling their world with subliminally dictated aspirations. Sananda was acutely aware of this as being part of the capitalist tide, a mechanism which put accommodation into the category of an investment market, making an house a luxury you will never own unless you are good enough at the game to extract money from circulation to yourself and on upward to the big boys . . . or if you are one of the few privileged who inherit a readymade chunk of it.
It made Sananda angry – ‘angry’ for him was usually hardly noticeable as more than a well phrased monologue of ‘truth how he saw it’, but with the newly balanced Sananda he could hear his anger, and he spoke to himself with this anger and felt a passion, it made him feel purposeful as he walked . . . 
’so now people work for proportionally low wages in exchange for an incidental existence, they give their existence . . . it’s a malady! And the people with the most money buy the properties and get the common workers to pay for them at exalted prices . . . ultimately they need shelter and will pay the price or go without. And now in modern culture this has become accepted as if it were ok’. 
Sanandas knowledge of the way this came about over hundreds of years, from the land owner taking rent in the form of produce, labour or favour, to him taking first dibs on a newlywed wife, to him having the right to punish by death or taking into slavery, to him teaming up with other fat cats to organize mobs which protect the fortune they had procured, charging it all to their tenants. All of this gave birth to criminality and the need for policing, which in turn was also charged to the commons, for when a people are suppressed in this way it kills their humanity and makes them aspire to be like their captors.
He could feel a growing need to do something about it, but how? the size and complexity of the whole thing includes a majority of people who don’t even question this reality, much less try to change it . . . ‘people are so busy trying to afford a shelter and buy the things which make their existence seem more valuable that they haven’t time to see it for what it is’. 
His passion and anger turned quickly to deep and positive thought, there seemed to be no answer . . . ’there is no way of telling people that the whole thing is fake . . . it is as real as the next created reality. We have it within our grasp to create a reality with different goals and values . . . what gives this reality form is the fact that we have all ideologically bought in to it, and through that we create it on a daily basis, and everything that comes with it. The fact that we are walking, talking humans’ . . . he laughed, then sang to himself . . . “ Got myself a crying, talking, sleeping, walking, living doll . . .” 
This manic/passionate thinking continued, his physical gestures matched the imagery of his own internal exploration, his arms lashing about like the flagella of the Euglenoids. Though his voice would not be heard by passersby, his gestures were evident enough . . . other walkers gave him a wide birth. It was as if he were swimming through the tangled weeds in the in the pond of his own thoughts, sifting and thinning. He was on a quest to find a place in his mind where he could become free of all the conditioning, free of the prejudice against nature which is now so deeply planted in our consciousness that the word ‘nature’ has a meaning in our minds which separates us from it – like Saturnalia – lost to humans. ‘oh it’s sad, but true . . . we most of us are serving a force governed by just a few individuals, we are working five out of seven days of our life, five out of seven weeks, months, years . . . five sevenths of our lifes to give to those who desire to acquire power and control, with freedom as their personal goal, a freedom which has a large appetite for the energy of others . . . the other two days are nothing more than a confusing contradiction to an apparent reality. And of course the weekend is a time to shop, and to squeeze in and try to catch up on all of the interaction which allows consciousness to be shared – into two days, in effect – a series of disjointed sections of time, repeating themselves over and over again, continuously restarting the humanly interactionable persona, perpetuating the meaningless cycle of dead material production, with no end goal within the functioning of it, just an endless need to continue growing whilst consuming the resources’ which support us . . . the power we poses to change things is immeasurable . . . but the idea to do that is not included in the instructions, not talked about in schools or factories and certainly not in government chambers – to the submerged mind and occupied brain this is extremely hard to take on board. There is no language within our political structures by which the changes necessary can even be talked about, there is an ingrained need to have more power and to continue growing – in a world where power equals limited and fake freedom . . . freedom to roam the planet, freedom to poses things, but not freedom from the paradigm itself. 
‘ Like a twisted version of the natural convergence of the elements which occurs to create life, we have created a virtual animal, with money for blood, banks as the heart, shops and businesses as veins and capillaries, the politicians as a kind of hap-hazard alpha nervous system . . . the weekends are gasps of breath. People are what make the life of this beast possible, we give our entire existence to it, we are the fire at its centre, each individual life a proverbial lump of coal walking into a furnace to perpetuate the life of this virtual animal, a beast which is recoiling under the strain of its own existence, ready to drop at every moment but kept alive by us, the fuel, the incidental beings who slave away our own beautiful potential. Like the facades we have created to cover the beautiful and natural peaks of the elements in their cycles, with money-making ventures and profit mechanisms, we have turned our world into a dustbin for our own existence’.
Over this period of walking and thinking Sananda decided to pick up writing the book he had been planning, ‘The convolution of the . . . human mind’, but he now realised that by telling people of the possibility of an alternative to what they were used to, he would only provoke the natural resistance to change which is there in all of us . . . 
‘it must happen on its own, an involuntary raise in consciousness’.
‘But wait, maybe there is a natural heart at the centre of this beast, something we can’t see or conceive, maybe our purpose here is to do something else, something we are unaware of, I mean if the large part of society has the function of circulating it’s blood, and generating more blood in the process through the debt mechanism, then what makes this beast any different to any of us? We have millions of micro organisms living inside each of our bodies, helping to perpetuate our existence, keeping our systems in balance, keeping the elements within us in balance . . . that’s it! We have created an animal with no physical body, an imaginary beast which demands us to put all of our energy into it, an invisible beast which wants to grow as big as it can, and like the electrons that spin around nuclei to form the appearance of an atom – we spin a dance and beat a path to create, feed and keep this animal alive . . . it’s the path we do not choose any longer, but which has evolved upon a tarmac surface formed of greed and misadventure – it is the path which lies covering the surface of our apparent but swiftly diminishing freedom. It has become our function to walk this path disregarding the natural purpose we have within the balance of the earth’s energies . . . but what of the function of this beast? Does it exist simply to keep our minds in a state of semi consciousness?
The result of our unwilling projection – bred into us over time, training and conditioning us . . . maybe a collective Djinn? How will it exist when we expire? Will it exist at all? Is our extinction what it needs in order to fully develop? Can it be that this is the beast we have created as our own destruction mechanism? Has this not been written about many times in scripture, myth and prophecy? adopted and interpreted by religious organisations and political parties . . . and language . . . it has evolved in such a way as to make us think we are doing what we must, but within the frameworks we describe with the language of our existence – there is no more choice, only continuation. The choices we have now are . . . which of the fifty different types of shampoo, dental floss, chocolate bar, coffee, phone, hairstyle, TV program, car, holiday . . . the list goes on and on, these are the choices we amount to today, our validation as a positive and contributing cycle of the planet is all but over, we are consumers’.
* * *
This days wind had been gusty and unpredictable, the kind which turns from gentle to harsh in a moment. It was as if the wind had a personal and interactive relationship to this walker, it’s influence making for a mixed energy in ones thoughts.
The open top double-decker bus ride back into Brighton was equally influential, the wind, accelerated by Sanandas elevated position on the bus coupled with the speed of travel caused tears to stream from his eyes, smiling, he wiped them and in doing so wiped away the anger, feeling the intimated emotion which we associate with tears, but happiness joined in.
Michelle waited for him in the library, the place she would develop more fully her understanding of the powers described in the myths and legends of human history. The more she read the more she had to research . . . influenced now by the energies which had been engulfing the couple for nearly ten years and in the six months since the passing of old mr Marquis they had found a common and solid understanding of what the rock represented. They had made a pact to examine all possibilities before making a plan to act.
* * *
Michelle had a thing for Thor . . . a Thor thing, the significance of his hammer, his ability to shake the ground with a single blow, governance over weather, the ability to call upon thunder and lightning . . . all of these things seemed poignant, to her it was as if her whole life had led to this – the advent through which the culmination of her experiences seemed to make sense. Somewhere in her belly was a feeling which made her excited at every new thing she discovered. She was starting to realise that perhaps Thor’s hammer was not literally a hammer, she saw just how big a part this little rock could have played in the mythology and history of humans. The miraculous healing acts of historical figures and many of the unexplainable feats recorded in legend.
It had come to the point that the couple felt scared to spend too much time in the house . . . when they did they would before long become entrenched entranced and entangled with each other. They would have to get any important thing done straight away before the urge to converge got too strong, they frequently dropped tasks midway, becoming engulfed by the energy they were combined in . . . not using language to communicate, just the expression of their movement and touch. It’s a world which is hard to disengage from – this world of love with all of its poignancies . . . arousal, passion, laughter, sincerity, elation . . . a world which became more and more real for these two adventurers. Why should they disengage from it? For days or weeks they would be in this world and each time it was more difficult to leave. Without the need for fuel, existing on the energy they perpetuated in each other, sometimes surfacing from this world of love and human combination with a diminished physique. Sananda would have to creep out to get food, moving like some skeletal creature from a dark past – the sight of the tall stick-man on these occasions turned many a head in the streets of Brighton. Michelle was so small anyway she might slip through a drain cover if she were to go out in this state. But their energy remained vital and their intellects at optimum capacity. 
Extended periods in the presence of the rock fragment were to be avoided. The couple would sit on the beach, eat bbq, go to the cinema . . . in the warmer times they even slept on the beach . . . though, inwardly they both wanted to return to the house. They only had to look at each other and they got that feeling, not knowing quite what to expect, the kind of feeling you get when you contemplate trying a hallucinogen for the first time, you really can’t imagine that things can be so different, scared in case you can’t get back. An hallucinogen seems to peel away the predictability of a thing, sacking the part of the brain which governs your perception of a reality, the part which keeps it usual. A hallucinogen leaves open the possibility for you to see different versions of things, giving way to your imagination and your sub-conscious . . . but sometimes, without restriction. People who have understood this properly do not use the these substances recreationally as such, certain preparation is recommendable.
Of course, the brain is capable of creating that same environment without the aid of substances
. . . .If you can imagine it – it’s possible . . .
* * *
Jurgen, having returned to his father’s fold of ‘well wishers’, reporting the wish of Sananda and Michelle to have no part in the exhumation but having written consent from Michelle to safely remove the body of her father with the conditional request that it be returned to Aachen – the place of his birth. 
Organising and leading the retrieval mission for the body of old mr Marquis demanded all of the resources’ Jurgen had at his disposal, Katarina – Sanandas replacement, was indeed a good one, she was loyal to Jurgen, though her experience of him was very different to that of Sanandas . Jurgen now possessed the young spirit of an adventurer and Katarina’s work with him lifted her, he confided in her . . . she had soon become his trusted friend as well as his efficient aid.
Jurgen organised an independent team for the retrieval. The Austrian department of health and safety would be carrying out geological surveys which would take weeks or months before the safety aspect would be cleared by the authorities. He had to take charge for the first time in his life, he would work closely with the local rescue team. But Jurgen knew that he had to be there, at the front line of whatever mission might take place if he was to create the space for the tin to be removed from the cave without rousing suspicion.
* * *
Old mr Braun did have deeper motives than he let on . . . he remembered Gerhardt oh too well, they had both been at several of the same meetings leading up to and during the war. he remembered one meeting though where he had been intuitive enough to pick up on a white lie which escaped Gerhardts mouth as a moth escapes its cocoon. He couldn’t work out then – as he still couldn’t now – the significance of the lie, but his ability to lie so well himself helped him to recognize it. This dusty moth had flapped it’s wings many times around the courtyard of old mr Brauns mind making patterns and leaving trails of possibility for many years. The intrigue now was only made greater by the news of the explorer who had all but vanished from the world, but re-appears now, a man with zest and energy – information Jurgen himself had supplied to old mr Braun before he knew the significant implications of it. Old mr Brauns memory of Gerhardt had remained somewhere – as the moving air created by the wings of that once vibrant insect – in the media tycoons head. He would probably have been forgotten entirely only for the fact that the Marquis firm of accountants had kept the Braun account . . . even though Gerhardt had played no part in that business for many years. 
There were dark energies, mischievously lurking closely beneath the words of Jurgens father. You see, mans greed is generally of a shallow nature, self serving – where-as the sub-conscious driving force of it has a will of its own, the more self serving individuals there are the stronger the energy of greed becomes among people, destroying the fabric of community. Jurgen felt he had never known his father, all this time he had done his father’s bidding, faced off his father’s enemies – as a puppet . . . and as the carrot to his own donkey . . . a sacrifice. But beneath the sad reality of his new realisation Jurgen had the upper hand, his father never suspected that Jurgen would have it in him to give rise to a plan which would counter the effects of his own. Jurgen knew this and it gave him calm presence of mind. He was the only person for the job.
Of course Jurgen had the advantage, he knew what the quarry was. He understood somewhat the motivation of a man like his father to be interested in something with as much zeal as he was. What he didn’t understand was – did his father know specifically about the rock? what would he do with it if he were to get his hands on it? All of the possibilities about his father’s intentions came up negative for Jurgen and he made good his show of ignorance when meeting his father to discuss the mission . . . and a secondary plan was forged in his mind.
* * *
Old mr Braun had been involved with a secret group of men who had formed during the rebuilding of Germany in the late 1940’s, the group was made up of some of Europe’s most prominent and underhand businessmen – including a couple of ambitious prospectors from the liberating forces, men who had acquired the same palate for power as had their leaders. 
Gerhardts explorations had thrown up many a question for discussion in the secret meetings of this group but the lack of resources’ to do anything about it coupled with the demise of the Reich and the upheaval which came there-after had lain out a wet blanket. The group had hence gotten involved in politics and business, straight forward burglary, easy to plan and maintain. 
Over time Gerhardt had been presumed dead, his daughter ran the business and Gerhardt had – until now – not left the monastery.
* * *
All humans have it in them to instigate and perpetuate rule over others in order to have or to keep things the way they want them – or to manipulate them in their own favour, but it takes a certain amount of collaboration and deceit to create the environment in which this can be made effective. 
This group of men was now diminished in numbers since its establishment decades ago, which meant that each held a higher stake in the search for power. The intrigue surrounding this endeavour gave them a feeling which only men like these can afford to act on. Costs presented no obstacle, they now possessed the wealth they had acquired from the commons. Addiction to power and needing more power is a very strong and consuming thing, men lie to each other, and to themselves whilst the struggle to be the most powerful seduces them all into its own world of deceit and denial.
* * *
Jurgen was now in the throes of the quest, an arranged meeting at Gatwick airport was scheduled en-route for Jurgen with his two friends in Brighton to discuss the next step . . .
“These men will stop at nothing . . . is my feeling on the matter, they have learned of some power which is up for grabs and they would very much like to acquire it . . . we do have the advantage though . . . we know what it is and where it is, they only know the ‘talk of Gerhardts secret’, my father has said nothing of it as such, just kept up the pretence of good will. Here’s the clever part though, he thinks the mission happens in two months . . . it starts the day after tomorrow”
“I should like to come . . . we should go” said Michelle, looking at sananda
“If . . .” she lowered her voice, “ if my father’s spirit form . . . his djinn! is there in the cave, inside the tin, then I think we should be there . . . this is crazy, to think that the rock might have given him the power and the understanding to summon and exchange places with his djinn . . . just before he died?. . . I mean . . . that’s what Nathanael did, and under similar circumstances”.
Michelles words made complete sense to Sananda. Jurgen – like a keen pupil – listening and trying to visualise the scenario of such a concept, was in a state of semi-shock, a new sense of imagination had been entered into his remit, a sense which alas most forget too soon after childhood but which Jurgen had never had – even as a child, in fact the nearest to it he had got to it was when his father had updated him on the interest earned in his bank account as a child . . . but when all was finished with the words it still seemed an impossible task which lay ahead of them. 
Makes its own sauce

There is a new type of traveller, a man who can now choose a path and follow it.
*
It is said that if 10% of the population become fixed on an idea for change – that the said change is inevitable in time . . . as the growth rate of a spoken idea will increase exponentially.
* * *
A plan had been forged and along with it came a feeling amongst the team by which they recognised that the mission is now supported by an energy which was not only the driving force behind the plan but had been responsible for bringing the team together in the first place. The time had come to exercise the first step. The three set off for Austria by ferry and trains, the journey was unlike any of them had encountered before, the tension – mingled and married with the excitement – seemed to slow down their experience of the time it took to reach Thor – where they huddled in conspiracy to execute their plan. A kind of briefing. First light was the agreed time to visit lampechtsofen – before anyone else arrived. The whole area was cordoned off, awaiting the official team to perform its mission at a future date . . . Sananda would enter the cave by rope through the opening where the rescue climbers had emerged when they had first attended the scene, Jurgen would remain with Michelle in the car park posing as walkers with maps, keeping an eye out.
* * *
Things were going to plan, Sananda was now in the cave and setting up the three lamps he had taken in. Quite soon he saw the remains of old mr Marquis, only really his torso and a hand were visible amid the rubble. Sananda was stumped, there was so much rubble and mess around the cave that his task seemed impossible. Just a few feet from the resting place of the body there was a large opening in the ground, a crevice which had all the character of a new feature. As he stumbled and clambered over the rubble to get a better view into the hole he saw the other hand of Gerhardts body hanging over the edge in an open gesture. The first thing Sananda thought was that Gerhardt had dropped the tin into the hole. There was no time to fetch more rope so Sananda started to lower himself, half sliding into the opening down the steep sloping side of the gravelled hole. His slide sped up uncontrollably before he finally landed on a thin area of horizontal rock. lighting a candle he could see a small traversable path which soon opened up into a naturally formed cave, evidence of the tremor was all around. But then – in the shadows he caught sight of a figure, standing, watching him, still as a statue, so still that he wasn’t completely sure what it was . . . but the air was thick with a presence . . . Sanandas heart was beating in the way which can only come from being spooked with that quite cold feeling which rises up through your body, he caught his breath . . .
“who are you”? he paused and watched the figure slowly bend and place an object on the floor, as the figure stood again it’s face caught the light, it’s skin was so white that it appeared almost transparent, it’s face – smooth, clean and expressionless . . . then it turned and was quickly gone from sight. Sananda – now breathing more or less normally – walked cautiously over to the place where the figure had stood. He lowered his candle to find the tin he was looking for. The chill he had felt – departed with the figure and Sananda had to fight the strong will to follow it deeper into the cave.
Michelle and Jurgen were just beginning to worry when Sanandas head popped out of the hole. Before long the big man had found his way back to the car park. The three quickly moved away from the area and returned to Thor being careful not to leave a trace of having been there. 
The next step – they had decided – was to open the tin and see what could be learned, Michelle held the tin and started the rub, the lid was a screw top but was tightly closed – even though the shaft of the threaded screwscape on the neck of the tin was all visible – after the third rub the lid became loose and dislodged itself from its vessel. As with the vase before, first a light, then a steamy/cloudy smoke emerged and the image of a head started to form . . .

GERHARDT:
“my sveet, my friends, I know ze sings you need to know now, zis vas ze only vay to complete ze task, I have seen deep inside ze planet and have seen uzzer beings, a civilization vich has been here for much longer zan humans, our ancestors . . . zey have always tried to help humans ven ze need has been great, zey are in tune viz ze planet, zey are helping us now . . . zere is a man, an English man existing who can provide knowledge of ze home of ze fragment, he has been to ze place vere you need to go but zere are complications . . . only one can go . . . ze English man must meet you zere, he must receive you, he vill be able to guide you to ze exact place . . . zis is all I can say for zis time . . . do zis zen you must again rub ze vase . . . zere is anuzzer important. . .”
The tin lid got sucked back onto the tin before the message was complete.
“so” said jurgen after a few moments of silent gathering of senses, “we must go back to England”?
Sananda and Michelle looked at each other, gawping at the speed at which Jurgen accepted what had just happened . . .
“yes” said Sananda 
“. . . with respect” Jurgen tipped his head toward Michelle “ I have never felt so alive, all those times I thought I felt alive . . . I was just accumulating wealth . . .”
What the three hadn’t/but were beginning to realise at this time was that the more certain they became of the purpose and importance of their quest, and as it’s fulfilment drew nearer, the stronger they were becoming in the skills and knowledge of what to do and how to behave, empowered by earth energies, fulfilling a joint destiny.
* * *
By now Coe was whizzing around the planet effortlessly, looking for clues, finding himself in places significant to the highways and junctions of the energy networks of the earth, learning more and more about what it means to be a part of the earth’s life force, learning to appreciate the miraculous collaboration of the elements. 
The kind of culture which exists in this reality of pure energy makes modern human physical culture seem like nothing more than a thick layer of ridiculous make-up on an otherwise extremely beautiful face. The more time he spent in his activity the more of this vital energy he carried with him in the make-up layer. And the more he emanated it, the more the people he met would feel the difference after spending time with him – without being able to put it into words. People – to varying degrees – felt lifted by his energy, reminded subconsciously of the energy of their own body’s creation, crying out to join with and return to it.
But people are deep in trance, trance of an imposed and governed nature, the boundaries of which are by now deeply set in our culture. Whilst every child is born equipped to acknowledge and embrace the power of the universe and their part in it, we quite innocently indoctrinate them into our reality – with all the limitations of our thin and fragile 2D world of things and money with a 3D effect, supporting only that which we feel safe with, and in the fear which we have closed ourselves into under the guidance of our own kind without regarding the reason for our existence and our obligation to our parent, the Earth.
The journeys Coe had undergone encompassed most areas of the world above or below ground and water, he had seen places underground where humanoid creatures live, even to this day. He had seen great wells of white fire light all over the planet and come to understand them as vortexes of the fire line – though he had not yet taken their vertical route. One thing he had learned was that if you don’t feel it calling you then no matter how much you want it – it won’t happen. You wait for the right moment . . . this had not occurred yet. Coe could go anywhere on the planet he liked, not that it could be described as fun and not that he had any mental idea of where he would like to go, but a part of consciousness which thrives on the elements and is fulfilled and enhanced by flowing in and out of the different energies guided him and elated him . . . being a part of it all, fulfilling his role as a conduit for the energy expression his human form embodied. 
There are many places where he had stopped, where the energy lines ended in natural outlets around the planet, he had even visited the cave in the basement of the farm. After each journey he underwent the physical realisation of his new experience – and experience had played it’s part in the development of his mind . . . opening up his heart to be a tool for channelling energy.
He did have the ability to choose to go to a given place if he had already been there, and if his mind held transposed visual data from the experience, it came down to a matter of choice . . . he had become a natural master of the lines.
* * *
Jurgen led the way down the plank from the Argo and once more onto English soil, the team headed into Brighton and for the house Michelle and Sananda had rented 
“aahh sanctuary” sighed Sananda. 
After warming the place up and making coffee the three focused on the route which now seemed to be opening up before them “we must speak to Nathanael again, he is the only one who can direct us to this Englishman”
Both the tin, the fragment and the vase now sat making an incidental triangle on the bed, Sananda and Michelle sitting either side of it and Jurgen standing at the foot. They didn’t even talk, they all knew what information they needed, they needed to know who the man was and how to find him. Michelle picked up the vase and rubbed it as before, and it was so. . . the top half figure of Nathanael. The three were so fully intent on the purpose of this joint action that the question asked itself .

NATHANAEL:
“ my friends, the man you seek is called Coe . . . I have seen him through the eyes of Djinn who still roam . . . you must find a leyline . . . go to where it ends, place the fragment at this spot . . . he will come eventually . . . he knows of the rock but can’t take it from you”.
After the lid to the vase had shut the three were silent, each contemplating the new information. The rest of the evening was spent quietly, Sananda went to the draw and pulled out some papers – maps of local leylines they had come across whilst studying the underground streams and water tables. Michelle cleared the objects from the bed and from the room – making room for the maps, Jurgen produced a notepad and pen. Poised – the three looked at each other and then at the map on the top of the pile, no-one wanted to speak but they looked close at the map and all found themselves focusing on the same part, the most evident leyline ended just outside the city centre. Jurgen scribbled some words on paper, they looked again at each other in a kind of nod . . . ‘st Anne’s well’.
It didn’t take long – after a good and well needed night’s sleep – to learn the location of a park on the edge of Brighton called ‘st Anne’s well Gardens’ . A pretty, though relatively small area of land which had evolved as a park which used to boast a healing spa – sourced from naturally occurring iron-rich water, thought at one time to have healing properties. 
They set about the task of learning as much as they could about all aspects of the leyline in question – it’s history and it’s geography. The park had also previously been a brick-clay mining area, leaving the mark of industry on the lower ground of the park in the form of large flat areas where the excavation of the yellow clay had taken place, the bricks from the earth there are golden yellow in colour, not a great brick by all accounts.
It was a relatively mild evening, Michelle held the map and led the way, scuttling backwards for a few meters every now and then through the streets of Brighton spouting ideas and questions out loud at the two men 
“what do you think he meant by ‘he will come eventually’? I mean what time scale are we in? Maybe this guy’s been around for hundreds of years”. 
Jurgen and Sananda had similar questions in their heads, daylight was fading and they had to find where the source had been so as to locate the leyline, they had an old photograph of the spa building so they walked round the park trying to match the lay of the land in the picture to that of the park, they all agreed on one area, at the top of the park, the position of the flat area of soft ground given away by the Victorian standpipe housing which now stands alone.
The team spent time walking across the soft land where the spa building had once been, slowly honing in on the point they agreed was a good place to place the fragment, a bright moon lit the area quite well . . . and the wait began. 
* * *
Over the time the team spent in the park they had noticed an older gentleman sitting on a bench close to the spot they were drawn to. He would come and sit there every day, the man had noticed the three and also he had noticed the searching nature of their behaviour.
“rather nice isn’t it” said the man as Sananda stood – not three feet from the bench where the man sat – surveying the area.
“sorry, were you talking to me”? Sananda asked with a smile.
The man continued “I come here most days” . . . Sananda’s ears pricked up at the sound of the man’s voice and was drawn closer, a voice like honey and glass with a hint of lime. The man continued to tell the story of the history of the park and it’s mystery. . .
* * *
The story of the Well.
. . . It was Annafrieda, she wasn’t a saint – as the parks name suggests, she was a Saxon lady who’s lover had been reported dead. Upon hearing the news she is said to have cried the tears of absolute heartbreak which – where they landed on the ground – sprang forth a natural spring. The spring was said to have healing qualities, people would travel for many miles to bathe in it and drink it. The location of the spring is noted to be at the end point of a leyline. 
* * *
Waters association with emotion is a strong one, and indeed we all have experienced the evidence of this in the extremes of emotion through laughing or crying. We hear talk of waves and tides of emotion, we all have different emotional responses at different phases of the moon – which governs all movement of water on this planet . . . like the wind, water has powerful and subtle expressions. 
* * *
Coe – despite the image we have of him as the rider of the elements and surfer of energy – was never gone from his life as a man for more than a moment at a time, a now. At this particular time though he was in his caravan, he had lain down to rest and was at that point of falling asleep where you feel like you’re floating – when he became suddenly and fully awake. He – like most of us – had experienced this before, like somebody has plugged you in.
Two o’clock in the morning, Coe jumped up, ran down to the clearing and sat, he appeared still and silent as always, this was a calling, he immediately recognised the language of the calling, a vibration which could only be one thing . . . those rocks on the island he had visited and learned about. ‘this is it, the missing piece’. A wave of excitement came over him . . . excitement is a state of being, a raised vibration, what do we do with it? . . . the heart is the key to mastering the endless possibilities attainable through channelling the energies of the universe . . . Coe knew this intrinsically, it had been something he was exposed to as a youngster and grown with, so he had easily accepted it.
It just so happened that the leyline at st Anne’s well is a rare kind, a water line ended there but a fire line had an outlet there too. Coe was beginning to understand the fire network, it had the usual horizontal lines as was the character of the other elements but it also sent vertical corridors of energy out from within the planet, on a more complexed time scale these leylines are the method of connection and communication for the planet to the cosmos. In Coes time he had not witnessed this happening but was aware of the difference expressed by the fire line. He heard the call, the vibration which was that of the rock island and made his choice.
The three adventurers were by now all laying on the ground and watching the slow-motion spirographic effect of the apparent movement of the stars in our galaxy when they all felt a slight tremble, standing quickly they looked at the fragment. Out of the ground came a white glow accompanied by a steamy light. Coe was indeed there, this was his fire line journey, he could see the three people standing in front of him, realizing a form was second nature to Coe now but he had not realized a form in the presence of people before, neither had he realized a voice.
“are you Coe”? asked Sananda.
Coe appeared silent, even though he was trying to make the choice to communicate – this first attempt was too external, he soon found that communicating in this realm utilized thought – but in a way humans have left behind . . . To him this realization of a voice needed time, in the meantime he managed a smile. It was as with the realization of form but with a purpose . . . he knew what he was here for and could see the fragment which emulated all of the characteristics as the island of rocks. He started to form words slowly . . . “yes . . . I . . . am . . . Coe . . . where is . . . this place”? 
“Brighton . . . England” answered Sananda. 
The voice which came from the image was not Coes, it came out as breathy and quiet ..
“I . . . will come”
“st Anne’s well” Michelle blurted as the image and the voice disappeared.
Legacy

Humans have evolved into the complexed physical beings which we are – over many thousands of years. We have – included in our makeup – all of the information which has culminated to form this ‘human’ expression of energy we call a being. Along with the physical changes our bodies have undergone since the simple form of the Euglenoid – through the collaboration of cells – have emerged properties unique to humans, as is the case for every form of 3D life. 
In this story, humans carry the Plasmoid signature, as does every other thing on the planet, our fascination with shiny things though – extends to lend itself willingly to the Plasmoid effect and to varying degrees combines with the Autistic side of human propensity to obsess over and crave ownership of things shiny . . . For the purposes of clarity . . .’shiny’ is anything we can poses and be possessive of, a realm dominated by the presence of money. 
We have been striving to dominate and own whilst inadvertently destroying all around us in the process. However, as much as we try we will never gain oneness with our environment through the methods we have been using. 
The Plasmoid energy on its own had the power to dominate through morphogenesis, but the most we can do with the legacy of the Plasmoids is dominate and destroy ourselves and all around us. It would take a more powerful energy to fix what has become a largely obsessed and blinkered species. Instead of tuning into the substance of our makeup we are turning ourselves in on ourselves dragging other energies with us, there is only one energy which stands a chance of neutralising such a thing . . . the Genesians.
The Plasmoids have been making a comeback, but their presence is not so obvious. The Genesians have been aware of this but need to be complete in order to operate on this level. With very little chance of humans waking up to their combined and self destroying destiny – without help, time was now running short . . . the agreement made between the Genesians and the Earth is intact but the clock is well and truly ticking toward the ill fate of humans. It all rests in the hands of this small group of friends. 
Like the Plasmoids, humans are not good or bad, they have just taken to the same influence – but without the morphagenic power of the Plasmoids . . . so, the domination is done through brute force, going against the grain of natures design. The human race has been pushing forward against the gentle wind of a natural direction which is in harmony with the other energies. Our denial is our bad habit which allows us to ignore all of the natural signs in favour of more accumulation of ‘shiny things’, the lack of satisfaction in which results more of the same . . . we don’t know what it means to move properly forward, we have not been doing that for a very long time. Like rats in a lab we perform often meaningless tasks in order to achieve what we believe is necessary for our existence, and as we keep on doing this it has become ‘normal’.
* * *
Coe was excited, he now had within his reach the answer to this rock riddle. He asked Paco to accompany him on the trip to Brighton, this would be the first time in Pacos life he had entered a city, albeit a small one. A few hours on a few trains, the journey dipped into London and then through the south downs into the city. 
Shifts had been taken on by the three at the park to man the position of the leylines end at all times, not knowing for sure what manner of return Coe would make. 
Asking directions Coe and Paco found that it was a walking distance from the train station to the gardens. Two days had passed since Coe appeared to the team and on this late Thursday afternoon the shift was being covered by Jurgen, the small rock was never out of sight, though many an exercising dog would come near to investigate the area, and the trees were filled with squirrels who – when there were no dogs around – would investigate too, sniffing and vigilant as squirrels nearly always are, at times coming quite close to Jugen and the rock. Jurgen enjoyed his time here.
It didn’t take long for Coe and Paco to zone in on the spot, coe cleared his throat as they approached Jurgen – who was now laying on the ground blissing out in the breeze with the gentle movement of the branches above him, hypnotising him into a waking slumber as he lay with his hand covering the stone . . . he sat up sharpish , “hello . . . are you”?
“Coe! that’s right, this is my good friend Paco” the three men exchanged handshakes “my name is Jurgen, my friends will be back here soon”. These three were meeting for the first time as men with inter-woven destinies and they all felt it, Paco had been Coes closest friend, his mind had expanded to greater understandings of the world – through the stories of Coes experiences.
When Michelle and Sananda arrived, the five moved to reconvene back at the house. Stories were exchanged and with the dominant presence of the rock in the room the facts became very clear. 
Coe was especially intrigued by the Djinn, he had never heard of such a thing.
“it explains a lot . . . I have been aware of presences but ‘they’ have not shown themselves to me, I assumed that everything I had felt was all part of the same experience “ he said, piecing it together – the thing is though, although he had not been aware of the djinn – he had become a main attraction for them, they saw him as the first of the return of humans to the real world. They also comprehend the destiny he must fulfil, and so kept out of the way. 
“So, I mean” said Paco “ it would seem there are seven of us here in this room” 
“Yes” Michelle replied “ but Nathanael and Gerhardt – my father – are no longer in human form . . . as far as I can work out they are at some kind of place between being a 3D physical entity, having been separated from their body but not yet returned to the natural energy sources they came from . . . I believe also that after the third opening of the vessels they will become completely free of their physical existentialism” 
Michelle felt the pangs of love she still held for her father, Sananda stood behind her with his arms surrounding her.
The next days were spent weaving a plan from the different information’s they collaborated to compile. The fragment could not be taken to Rock island (as it had become known) through the energy channels as it was a physical object and as such could not cross between the layers.
And although Coe had been at the island as an energy he did not know its geographic location. 
Michelle remembered something . . . “wait, where was Nathanael going with the fragment, he may have known where it needed to go, we must use our last meeting with him wisely”
There’s no rushing such an important thing, and more preparation was needed in order to have the kind of combined focus needed for the successful execution of the task.
The living space had become like a campsite, they all took turns sleeping on the couch, except Sananda and Michelle who had the bed, and of course Nathanael and Gerhardt remained in their vessels. A week passed – and as it did the energy of the team was coming to a natural point of expression, they were all on the same page and to coe this choice represented the number nine, the optimum expression of the group at this time. He was about to meet Nathanael for the first time.
The group – now focused . . . Michelle produced the vase and began to rub . . .
* * *
Nathanael’s last words:
“I can tell you this . . . I was on a journey . . . where I left my body is the place which marks a point which will line up with a more westerly point at the southern tip of the mountain range at the other side of the ridge, it was all once Atlantis, it was broken into pieces and spread across the world many millennia ago and has been on the move ever since . . . along this line is the place you are searching for”. Nathanael paused for a longer time, “there is something you should know”
At this point Nathanael was starting to fade, 
“In my life I have known many who embodied the true and highest expression of the human being. Your bodies are earth and the key to what we call ‘heaven’ resides inside you . . . heaven is not what you have been told it is, it is all around you, you just have to realize it . . . the most important thing everyone can do is to heal each other . . . in every way, from the heart, through the heart, to the heart . . .”
* * *
The room fell silent. Their perceptions now enhanced by the fragment, the silence turned into an almost audible hum of deep thought and soon became a clockwork mechanism of eye contacts, like some silent comedy sketch, no words were said but all present could perceive the others thought.
The lay of the land

The final plan was set, using a map they drew lines from the south of the atlas mountain range to other more westerly mountain ranges – all passing through the Atlantic ridge, one line stood out, it passed through Atlanta at the southern point of the Appalachian mountain range in North America – passing straight through the Bermuda triangle en-route – a hundred or so miles south of the island of Bermuda. 
Jurgen would go with paco on the Argo into the Triangle, Paco hadn’t set foot on a ship since his time aboard the French fishing boat but his skipper skills were intact enough. Sananda and Michelle would be on shore with long distance radio, it would be crucial that the Argo must enter the triangle on the right trajectory as radio contact is said to be useless beyond its boundaries, Coes job was to relay directions by raising his form up high above rock island until he could see the Argo, then report back to the couple on land, a series of amateur . . . ‘steer left ‘ or ‘change course about five degrees to the left’ directions would be relayed until radio contact disappeared.
Michelle and Sananda had been dropped off with Coe and were set up with vhf radio at Cape Fear on the east coast of North Carolina, Coe located an energy line near to the coast and the operation would be executed from inside the back of a rented RV parked up next to a museum, this was not the most private spot but strategic parking made adequate camouflage for Coes comings and goings . . . Of course to the couple Coe seemed to literally sit for a few moments but will have been there on the island doing reconnaissance, he came and went – checking for the appearance of the Argo.
* * *
Radio contact now gone, Coe could see the Argo approaching, it was drifting off course, he needed to create a beacon of some kind, he remembered the fire line outlets and knew of an opening close to the fragments home, he went to the glowing and pulsing dome of bright white light and lowered himself down as if to enter it from above. As he got closer – so the dome of light swelled like a balloon being inflated, then at the point where they met the dome opened up into a beam of roaring light. From the Argo it was truly a beacon. A solid beam of the bright light cut a path through the misty air and disappeared up into the distant sky without faltering on its course. As the Argo approached this phenomenon the two of its crew noticed there seemed to be no land at its base.
As they got closer still a thick mist formed at sea level, even closer and the appearance of land mass became evident . . . a very unusual looking place, to the perception of the physical eye the rocks were visible but it wasn’t till Jurgen set foot on the island that he noticed the swirls and highways of energy, it does not appear as light from a human perspective but as a distortion of matter, the vertical fire beam however is very visible, it rides the frequency which connects the Earth to the rest of the universe and to other layers of reality, the same frequency which was used to send the SOS which was picked up by the Genesians all those millions of years ago from the Earth’s core.
Coe was able to break free of the fire beam and realise his image in front of Jurgen – who by now appeared to be defragmenting on account that a physical form cannot sustain integrity in this place . . . particles of his body were falling away to join with the various elemental energy flows all around him, finding high entropy . . . the feeling was ecstatic . . . there would be no return for him as the elements which had collaborated to create and maintain his body were now returning to their mother source. Nobody had foreseen this – but Paco could see from the wheelhouse of the Argo what was happening . . . he tried to get closer to the island but the waves were pulling the boat away from the shore and it was getting difficult to control. All he could do was watch. 
Coe beckoned and led Jurgen to the small crack in the rock which was the home waiting for the fragment, as they drew near – the fragment floated out of the hand which could no longer support its own form – and gently rested with the parent rock, reforming it. The Genesian family was complete again for the first time in millions of our years. 
The whole island seemed to swell and pulse as if – with the repatriation of the long lost piece – came an augmentation of the Genesian energy . . . this was the case. 
The last thing Coe saw of Jurgen was his grinning and sparkling face as it gently dispersed into the surrounding atmosphere along with all of the atoms of the rest of his body, water to water, earth to earth, air to air and fire to fire, each atom releasing the energy from its own life cycle, his face was beaming with a smile that said it all . . . a man broken down into the basic building blocks of his existence, his identity as a 3D manifestation was now no more than memories held in the vibration of those who knew the man in his many expressions, carrying that vibration with them, influencing it and being influenced by it over time . . . a unique collection and balance of energies never to be repeated, each moment of its lifespan had been a new and unique expression of its parts, formed by the universe within the space between the earth’s crust and the extremities of its atmosphere.
Paco’s sailing skills were on tall order, forced to get the Argo to safer waters he was soon outside of the triangle. Coe returned to the couple on shore to tell the news. Radio contact was re established and Paco was soon on his way back to shore.
* * *
A strange kind of feeling came to the party once they had re-grouped in the back of the RV, achievement coupled with loss . . . grief and acceptance mingled to create a calm quiet amongst the crew. 
Exposure to the fire line had left Coe with a glowing ora of energy around his body, his brain and nervous system had become connected to the fire line as the body’s natural fire centre and his entire nervous system was fully charged, the implications were very obvious to Coe . . . he now had access to the highway networks of the universe where no bodily restrictions or physical limits apply. 
The end game

The Atlantic was kind, the air hung a gentle Breeze around its own neck and the sun warmed the decks of the Argo. The journey was long and slow, the four now talked of the planet, Coe had described the Plasmoid energy as he had understood it to the others, he told them the story of the circumstances of the Genesians arrival, the thing was though that he didn’t understand it fully himself. He told of how – with the addition of the fragment to its family – these tiny mischievous plasmoid particles had seemed to diminish from the island. Curiosity grew in the minds of the team, there was something they hadn’t understood . . . why did the fragment need to return home? What had been the driving force behind this – the Earths own strategic device for returning the Genesian family to wholeness which had taken most of the recent lifespan of the planet so far to fulfil, requiring the technologies of modern man to be completed. On the seventh day of the journey the Argo moored on the quays of Waterford in Ireland. 
* * *
The Farm in Shropshire was a welcome sight for Paco and Coe, the girls ran to greet them and Sananda and Michelle were made very welcome, “these are our new friends” said Paco. Cheyla reached to take the woolly hat from Coes head, he ducked playfully, looked around and said “let’s go inside” 
It would be over the next days that the whole series of events would be shared and – like the pieces of a puzzle – put in a frame. The picture was almost complete, what they didn’t – indeed couldn’t get was that, through the lack of completeness of the rock family rose the persistent energy of the Plasmoids, this had been born into all living things, influencing forms in the slightest of manners, culminating over the evolutionary progress of the animal kingdom in the homosapien and finding a place to flourish through the complicated wiring of the human brain – ‘greed vs good will’. . . the constant and continuous battle between the Plasmoids and the Genesians. 
Sananda made the connection first, his extensive knowledge of how the industrialisation of everything had become the right and left hand of greed, drawing us into a reality of competitive power struggling and the need to dominate, resulting in war, disharmony and separation. This was the effect of the Plasmoids – to dominate, to overwhelm, to be all controlling.
Some people say ‘it’s human nature’ that we have created this world full of greed and suffering for ourselves, a world where a human is disconnected from any natural cycle and instead thrives on the accumulation of things and money . . . the life span of the human has come to represent this and in turn, time is measured alongside it. In this way, ones success is generally measured by how much stuff one has accumulated and over what period of time – except in extraordinary circumstances. But the human animal has also been influenced by the Genesians, and this accounts for all of the things we have been able to express through kindness and compassion, love and sharing, for example, the poverty caused by the corporate plundering of the resources’ of poorer countries in quest of power and riches has given rise to the need to create charities . . . charities without which many thousands would die due to the neglect of leaders who’s tongues of deed are placed in the orifices of the obtusely wealthy. Whilst the greater contingent of our societies panders un-wittingly to the ‘growth strategies’ of the super rich who care not who suffers as a result of their offences, but make gestures from their stance of guilt-shifted-denial which allows them to carry on this way – the very same common contingent ‘cry’ at the televised appeals and give out from their own meagre allowance to try to help the suffering. Celebrities bend over and become the tool of the rich, creating role models of shallow fakery to inspire the masses toward buying the stuff of planted aspiration, in exchange for an elevated position in society – much like the earls and barons of old.
“Things are going to change now” Said Coe, 
The Plasmoids influence has become outbalanced, outnumbered even, now would come the disengagement of humans from the systems which had occupied the minds of people and the worlds of human endeavour, now comes a time of the return of the empathic human . . . where technology meets pure intention and the battle between greed and good will ends.
About the Author
Born in Jersey, Channel Islands in 1966 of a mixed bag of family lineage . . . a fairly cloistered childhood riddled with grey memoryless areas. I was a bit of a clown when I was younger, started playing the Trombone at eleven yrs old and left school at 14 to train as hairdresser. For the last ten years or so I have been acquiring skills in the building trade, still playing the Trombone, writing and arranging music, and have growing interests in geometry, physics, numerology, biology, mythology, and history. I am an eternal optimist. I have four children (a great source of enjoyment, pleasure, and sometimes pain). The ideas which spawned this - my first - book came largely from the stories I told them at bedtime from my imagination - coupled with my growing concern with what we humans are doing to our only home, and why. I have lived in Jersey, the Orkney Islands, Portugal, and France but now live in Brighton UK. I love it here. Writing is a new and exciting adventure for me. There’s more on the way, I hope you enjoy.


