

 
 
THE BLACK SHIPS
 
Published by A.G. Claymore
Edited by B.H. MacFadyen
Copyright 2012 A.G. Claymore
 
This is a work of fiction. Names, Characters, Places, Incidents and Brands are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademark status and trademark owners of any products referenced in this work of fiction which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.

Other Titles By A.G. Claymore: 
http://agclaymore.blogspot.ca/p/available-titles.html/

Sign up for Andrew’s New Release Mailing list and get a free copy of the novella Metamorphosis. Set in the Black Ships universe, this story can be read before or after book one.
 
Click this link to get started:
http://eepurl.com/ZCP-z

 
The Black Ships 
Japanese Edo Period Kyoka
Awoken from sleep
of a peaceful quiet world
by Jokisen tea;
with only four cups of it
one can't sleep even at night.
 
Deliberate Alternate Meaning
The steam-powered ships
break the halcyon slumber
of the Pacific;
a mere four boats are enough
to make us lose sleep at night.
 
Table Of Contents
Enlightenment
Conception
Commencement
Turbulence
Falling Towards Change
From Darkness – Light
The Flood Tide
Coming to Grips
Epilogue
A Fireside Chat
 
Enlightenment
Red Flag Mineral Co. 
Sixty Meter Observatory 
Mauna Kea, Hawaii
January 3rd, 2026
Four degrees below freezing. Mike Willsen shivered as he crossed the atrium beneath the massive telescope array. You’d never know it was Hawaii. 
The huge room was actually colder than the outside. The heaters didn’t serve the large central space so it tended to preserve the night-time cold until well into the afternoon. 
He stopped at a steel door and keyed in his passcode. The bolts in the door retracted with a low metallic groan and he entered the control room, located off to the left side of the huge central area. He shuddered in appreciation as he passed through the door, greeted by a wave of heat and the scent of old coffee.
They had better coffee at the Onikuza Center, where he always stopped on the way up, but he preferred to have his caffeine while he worked. It was part of his comfortable weekly ritual – drinking stale crystal coffee and recording images from other planets. 
His regular stops at the center down the slope weren’t optional.  At an elevation of just under 14,000 feet, the atmospheric pressure at the observatory was forty percent less than at Mike’s apartment in Hilo. Without his two-hour stop at the Visitor Information Center, he knew from experience that he would suffer from severe headaches and poor judgment – well, worse than usual.  As it was, he barely trusted himself to drive the last few miles for fear he would send his jeep crashing over the edge of the rough road.
He had come to admire the people of Tibet – many of them lived their lives at even higher elevations.
Though the sixty-meter array was shared by a large collection of universities and national agencies, this morning was set aside for Red Flag’s weekly mapping of their facility on the Olympus Mons site. Every week, for corporate records, Mike would record imagery of the tailings ejected from tunnels bored into the side of the twenty-seven-kilometer-high volcano in the Tharsis region of Mars. So far, the small team hadn’t managed to find anything that would even come close to paying off the company’s investment, but Red Flag had deep pockets and a long outlook. Though the miners sent regular reports back to Earth, Red Flag wanted the imagery and so Mike had to make his weekly pilgrimage. The rest of his telescope time was spent mapping out likely locations for deposits throughout the solar system but it wasn’t as time sensitive. He could do that remotely.
Mike walked over to the six-meter touch screen that controlled the mirror and selected a macro that ran the imaging process for him. He could set it to run remotely but, if it failed and he wasn’t here, there’d be hell to pay. 
Considering the carefree lifestyle he enjoyed, driving up the mountain every few days to press a few buttons was a small price. He enjoyed decent pay and very little in the way of responsibility. 
His only other tangible role was as a liaison to the NASA center, farther down the slopes of the mountain. In recent years, Red Flag had begun to turn their enormous resources to off-planet exploration. With the growing Sino-American space rivalry, it was only a matter of time before extra-terrestrial sources of ore would become commercially viable. Red Flag had been working closely with NASA and the ISS for several years and had managed to include a small, exploratory mining mission when the ISS had launched the Vinland colony to Mars the previous year. It was little more than a hole in the ground and a small habitat, but the potential payoff, if there was a payoff, was enormous.
Habitation on Mars was now a fact, though a very fragile one. It wouldn’t be long before a local source of minerals would be needed to support the next steps. 
Mike’s claim to fame at the NASA compound was his specialty in geology. His first doctorate had been in physics but upon its completion he had realized that he had no desire to go out into the ‘real world’, as his father liked to describe it. He had developed a sudden passion for rocks and soils, much to his father’s dismay, and had launched himself back into the world of academics. 
As he approached the end of his masters degree in geology, his father had made it quite clear that he would no longer support his academic inclinations and that he had better open his mind to the possibility of getting a job. That conversation had terrified Mike. He really couldn’t see how others did it – going out there and finding an employer, being responsible for children and mortgages.
Surprisingly, he didn’t have to find out. His father had made his fortune in the mining industry and an old partner of his had offered to take Mike on. Ed McAdam, a gentleman of few words, had shown up at the University of California’s Berkeley campus looking for him. 
To call it a conversation would have been stretching it. Mike couldn’t remember saying anything. Ed simply appeared next to him in front of the Hearst building, told him that he had a job running the remote sensing operation in Hawaii and that if he failed to report for work in three weeks – one week after completing his latest degree – he would be fired. He handed him a card from his human resources department and strolled away. 
He knew his free academic ride was coming to an end and he had been studiously avoiding the whole job and life issue as the graduation ceremony approached. Suddenly, out of the blue, an easy answer had been dropped in his lap. He liked easy answers. Maybe he wouldn’t have to grow up after all…
Hawaii sounded nice. He had always liked the idea of surfing. Only the idea, of course, as he had a nearly pathological certainty that every shark in the Pacific was waiting for the day when he would finally rent a board and take his first lesson.
Still, Hawaii sounded nice.
Now, after a year on the Islands, he’d managed to avoid surfing, though he did enjoy swimming – as long as there were other, less agile swimmers around for the sharks to eat first. He had just been down to the beach for a quick dip before coming to the mountain, but he still wasn’t fully awake. He walked over to the percolator to find that Franka had left a half pot from three hours ago. 
He poured cream into a cup of the stale brew and watched it form a tiny storm cloud as he walked to the table in the middle of the room. 
He looked up, hoping to spot one of the miners on the close-up.
His coffee mug struck the floor, ejecting its contents in a graceful wave.
After a moment of stunned disbelief, he ran to the screen and touched the security menu, closing all of the shutters and locking down the door.
Oxford University 
South East England
January 3rd, 2026
Jan Colbert waited impatiently while a technician pounded away at the keys. An entire room of students sat chattering, reading or simply looking bored as they sat in the tiered rows of the lecture room. 
This was more than a simple question of her room usage statistics – the technical issue would offset that – their scheduled communication slot with the ISS facility on Mars would likely be lost if they didn’t manage to connect. The team in tech support had rolled their eyes at her yesterday when she requested a dry run. It was obvious now that her request would have saved a great deal of trouble.
Even worse, Edward sat there in the front row, along with several other faculty members, smiling with condescension as the highlight of the winter semester slowly slipped through her fingers. She had been surprised to see him in the tiers when she walked into the hall but she could hardly ban him; she had extended an open invitation to all her colleagues. Even a self-absorbed professor from the English Literature department could claim a seat and smirk to his heart’s content. Jan steadfastly told herself she was ignoring his presence as she stalked the stage. Perhaps he sabotaged the equipment, she mused to herself as she paced. 
The technician’s shoulders relaxed as he finished a flourish of keystrokes. An image of a control room came up on the projection screen behind Jan but no astronauts were in sight. At least we have the connection,  she thought. This was the high point of the semester; a video discussion between the first Mars settlers and her fourth-year exobiology class. She had wanted to do it on the 2nd, the third anniversary of their departure from Earth, but there was no room on the communication link. Today was the best she could get.
Her relief was interrupted when she realized that the technician was explaining to her, in great detail, what he had done to fix the problem. He was in the midst of a bizarre discourse on IP’s and security certificates. 
“Not now,” she said quietly as she turned him, none too gently, towards the door. “This wouldn’t be such a dog’s breakfast if you’d done a dry run yesterday.” Do I really need to listen to this fool when I have another planet on hold? 
She walked over to the little cross of masking tape on the floor and turned to face the camera. “Hello Vinland Station, this is Dr. Jan Colbert. Is anyone home?” The students finally settled down as they watched an image from an alien world. The backdrop transmitting from Mars was a workbench beneath a whiteboard. The board was splattered with hydraulic fluid and the bench littered with tools and binders. You’d think they would clean up for this.
“We’ll have to wait four minutes for them to hear that,” she said, turning to face the class, “and another four before they can answer – unless they went out for dinner!” She was rewarded with a few chuckles from the class. The lamest of jokes can get results if you don’t act like you’re making a joke. 
Getting a good laugh always helped to relieve the stress. Jan was just about to remind her Q&A panel to have their questions ready when the stress came back. The half of the class still looking at the screen gave a variety of small involuntary twitches or warding arm movements; a preliminary fight-or-flight reaction. One of the students in the third row let out a scream as Jan was still turning to see what had happened on screen.
A figure looked out at them. It was perhaps half the average size of a human and its charcoal grey suit looked to be made of interlocking plates of some hard material. It had unusual red glyphs adorning the front of one of the shoulder plates that sat closest to its neck. The iridescent face visor was spattered with the same hydraulic fluid as the bench and whiteboard. Is that hydraulic fluid, or blood? 
Jan cut the microphone. It was still three minutes before the creature would hear her greeting. Whoever that was, he didn’t have a friendly feeling about him and she shuddered to think it would soon be hearing her voice. She stood there, rooted to her mark on the floor for a moment of indecision before she pulled out her cell phone and dialed the chancellor of the university. 
 
The Oval Office
Washington, D.C.
January 4th, 2026
"Okay Sam, are we done?” President Parnell took off his glasses and rubbed at his eyes. It had been a long night - another drone attack inside Pakistani territory. He had been roused at three in the morning to authorize it and he would be needed again very soon to mollify an outraged Pakistani diplomat because of it. The Spartans had the right idea, he thought. Two kings instead of just one, I could be in bed right now while some other jerk picks up the slack. 
“Just one more item, Mr. President.” The chief of staff nodded over at the Director from the Office of Science and Technology Policy, who had been standing with the rest of the staff during the morning brief. 
“Oh hell!” Parnell surprised even himself by the outburst, but he was too tired to hold back. “Mary, if this is about weapons of mass destruction, you can save it for the next president.” He stared at her as though regarding a live grenade.
Director Perdue smiled and shook her head. “Nothing like that, sir. We’ve lost all contact with the Vinland Station. No contact with the colonists since the day before yesterday. Even the beacon is down.” She shrugged. “The comms gear was provided by the Japanese Space Agency so NASA won’t get any egg on their faces. Our exposure looks minimal for now.” 
Parnell’s shoulders relaxed as Mary outlined the issue. “Administrative exposure is somewhat limited,” he amended her assessment, using the calm, lyrical, reassuring voice that had won over so many voters. “There are eight Americans at that station, Mary. Eight families here on Earth are wondering why they can’t reach their loved ones. Considering how far from help our eight colonists are, imaginations will spin this out of control before you can say one term president.” 
He nodded to Jack Kitzhaber. “Jack, sit down with Mary and put together a release. Reassure the public that this is a minor glitch and NASA is offering JAXA whatever they might need by way of assistance.” He turned back to Mary. “Mary, ensure Gray knows what he’s volunteering before the release goes out.” He put his glasses back on. “Thank you, everyone.” 
Sam Worthington remained as his staff filed out. “Sir, the meeting with the Pakistani ambassador is at nine.”
“I know.”
“He’s gonna be pissed.”
“So what do you suggest, we let him bomb an American village of his choosing?” The president was tired and he was short on polite conversation at the moment.
Sam stood before the desk, just to the left where a door led to his own office. “We tell him the same old thing, There just wasn’t time to confer with them. Our target was high value and he was only stopping there for a quick meeting. It all happened too quickly.” 
Parnell pushed back his chair and stood. “Which takes some of the oxygen away from the fire,” he shrugged into his jacket, “but the fire is still burning.”
“Mr. President?”
Parnell came around the desk, stopping to face his Chief of Staff, his oldest friend. “Sam, how many bombs have been dropped remotely by some twenty-year-old kid sitting in an Air Force base somewhere in California? How many times have we cited the War on Terror when we send military force into someone’s sovereign space to kill a couple of people?” 
His personal assistant opened a door and poked his head in, “Mr. President, the Secretary of Defense is here.” 
“Good, we’ll want to talk to him but he can cool his heels until we’ve met the ambassador. This mess is his doing, after all. Put him in the mural room for now. I don’t want the ambassador running into him in the outer office; angry words might ensue.” He turned back to Sam. “Do you feel any safer?”
“Safer, sir?
“Yeah, you know – not as afraid. We killed two guys last night and God only knows how many civilians. Are we any safer?” They moved to the elegant armchairs opposite the desk. “I don’t feel any more secure this morning than I did yesterday – to tell the truth, I think we only made things worse.” He dropped into the chair, Sam sitting opposite him. “We may have gotten a couple of bad guys, but we also created a ton of grieving relatives and, if they had no reason to hate us before, they do now.”
‘Those civilians were sheltering the guy…”
Parnel cut him off. “I know. If we let them operate without consequence they just get bolder. My problem is I can’t tell if were conducting a war or a criminal investigation. We just wrote off collateral deaths by saying they were ‘aiding and abetting’ but when have you ever seen that listed as a war crime?”
“Do you have something in mind, Mr. President?”
“Not for the life of me, but we need to come up with a better plan. Remember that kid who used to beat the crap out of us in high school?
“I remember you torched his car in our senior year.” Sam’s tone was light but slightly guarded.
“I seem to recall a future White House Chief of Staff being present with his dad’s gas can.” The president chuckled and shook his head. “If forensics had been a little better back then, the only meetings we’d be having would be parole hearings.”
“We had no way of knowing the whole parking lot would go up like that.”
“No, but it illustrates my point. If we keep hammering away at every little target that presents itself, sooner or later we’re gonna get our cars torched.” 
The door opened, the aide again. “Mr. President, the Pakistani ambassador is on his way up the hall.” 
Both men stood. “Thank you Thomas. Please show him straight in.” Parnell straightened his coat, doing up the top button. “All right Sam, let’s see if the same old tired bullshit will get us through one more uncomfortable meeting.” 
 
Moffett Field
Mountain View, California
January 4th, 2026
Charles Gray sat at the conference table, not quite sure he heard correctly. “Mr. McAdam, it’s a little late to ask for that kind of payload increase.” He reached for his coffee, needing time to think. Without the capital from Red Flag Minerals we’ll be left with four half-built airships and a public relations nightmare. “The first four will have to lift off the graving docks with five-hundred ton capacity. We can start work on larger models right away, but the units in construction now probably can’t be changed. Tim?” He looked over at the team leader, an engineer from Chimera. 
The engineer frowned, shaking his head. “Administrator Gray is right. We would likely end up with an airframe that collapsed in the first heavy wind.” He launched into an explanation of the structure of the massive adaptive buoyancy aircraft as an assistant approached Charles. 
“Sir,” the assistant whispered, “we have a call for you from the White House press office.” He backed up to give Charles room to stand, then led him to a side room where the call could be taken while still seeing what was happening in the boardroom.
Charles sat down at the small table, taking a deep breath before reaching for the phone. Surprise calls from the White House are rarely a good thing, he thought as he picked up the receiver. “This is Charles Gray.”
“Hi Chuck. It’s Mary. We’re about to announce NASA’s enthusiastic offer of help to JAXA in sorting out the comms glitch and we figured we should let you know about it before you get ambushed by some reporter.” She sounded apologetic, no doubt fully aware that it was all just window dressing.
“Hey, Mary. Thanks for the heads-up. We’re already in discussion with JAXA but beyond prepping a hybrid rocket for an extra backup unit, there isn’t really all that much we can do for them.” Out in the boardroom, Ed McAdam was holding up a hand to cut Tim off, pulling out his cell phone with the other hand and putting it to his ear. 
“That’s all I need to hear, Chuck.” There was a pause. “Actually, Jack and I will put that into the release. The president doesn’t want it to look like we’re asleep at the switch so we have to go through the motions. Can you spare a minute to go over the wording with  us?”
“Yeah, sure. That’s fine by me.” Charles realized that Ed had started heading for the door of Charles’ temporary call room, his face a riot of emotion. Oh God, if he’s coming in here to tell me he‘s pulling out over a last minute payload change, I’ll be lucky to save my job, let alone NASA’s future. “Hang on a second, Mary. I may have a fire to put out here first.” He hit the mute button as Ed stormed into the room.
Ed was holding his phone in his left hand. He stabbed at it with his right index finger, releasing a soft layer of ambient noise as the speaker activated. “Mr. Gray, I have one of our scientists from Mauna Kea on the line. You’re going to want to hear this.” His voice level rose as he spoke to the phone, his voice laced with strain. “Dr. Willsen, I have the Administrator of NASA in the room with me; please repeat everything you just told me.”
 
Mammoth Cruise Lines
Engineering Office, Dodge Island, 
Miami, Florida
January 4th, 2026
"Off to Finland tomorrow, you poor stiff?” Davidoff’s tone clearly indicated that sympathy was not being offered. Frank Bender kept working for a few seconds, finishing his train of thought before turning from his 243rd email of the day to face the designer.
“I am,” he said in his usual tone of mild surprise and amusement. “Leaving at 9:00 am, getting back Friday at four in the afternoon.” Davidoff held out a plastic container and Frank reached over to take an apple slice. “Looks like I’ll have to catch up on emails when I get there; I have another eighty or so to go before I’m up to date with all your damn changes!” 
“Hey, they ask for it and I draw it in.” The designer waved off Frank’s accusation with his free hand. “If they want a toilet put in the middle of the casino floor, I’ll put out a rocket to the architects.” He leaned against the drawing table as he grinned at Frank. “Passengers would likely start dropping casino chips in and pulling the handle, especially the three-day cruisers.” 
  Frank could feel a rant coming on so he pulled out his new tablet, plugging it into his laptop so he could be sure of a full charge. The distraction worked. Instead of an increasingly angry tirade about the lack of manners among short-duration cruisers, Frank was rewarded with a low whistle.
“That the new version with the full density holographic screen?” Davidoff came over to the cubicle entrance, unable to resist a neat gadget.
“Yep,” Frank replied. “No pretending to work on my laptop like all the other idiots on the flight. I’ve got this baby loaded to the gills with graphic novels, music and the whole second season of Legacy.” 
The sci fi series about a Mars colony had come out as the first ISS mission was on its way to set up habitats on the red planet. It portrayed a future where Earth was wiped out by a massive comet, leaving fifty colonists as the only humans in the universe. The timing couldn’t have been better and the show was a massive hit. Bender had been a fan after borrowing the first season from one of the other engineers.
“Speaking of graphic novels, when does yours go on sale?” Davidoff asked as he moved back to his comfortable perch on the drawing table. 
“Dunno. I figured the first would be up by now but all the big retailers have had the file for over two weeks and still no sign of it anywhere.” He gave a good natured shrug. “Probably the soundtrack that’s slowing everything down.” 
“Will you still remember all of us little people when you’re rich and famous?” The designer smirked but he still sounded like he believed that day would come.
“Oh sure, you can design the environments for me when I switch over to 3D.” Frank’s smile had a wistful edge to it. “Just imagine, building an entire city, or even a cruise ship without having to deal with execs screaming at you over timelines and budgets.” He shook his head, not willing to let himself believe the dream until he had solid sales figures first. “If that story takes off, I’ll be out of this stinking job so fast it’ll make my own head spin!” 
“I thought you enjoyed swanning about Europe, building the largest cruise ship on Earth,” the designer frowned. “At least the largest for a couple of months; I’m hearing rumors already from the other end of the harbor.”
Frank sighed. “That’s part of it. I take a lot of heat from hundreds of people and when it’s all done, I get to stand at the back of a large crowd and watch the Operations guys take a Bow. Leviathan will be the largest in the world but it means nothing. Two months after she launches, a dry dock in Italy will open their flood valves and the latest largest ship will slip out into the Mediterranean.” 
He shook his head and stared out the window as a rival line’s ship sailed out into the Atlantic. “It’s the constant pressure. I get heat from the fourth floor about the budget, I get heat from the second floor about nailing down a guaranteed shakedown date, and those idiots in Operations are constantly trying to change the designs without going through channels. I caught the Staff Captain telling our systems integrator to move half of the bridge equipment. I dropped on that moron like a crane accident.” 
“You gotta watch out for the Ops guys,” Davidoff warned. “They’re the folk that deal with the paying customers. Howard is always reminding us that it’s the crews that bring in the actual revenue. They can make a lot of trouble for us.”
“See, that doesn’t make sense to me,” Frank countered. “Sure they deal with the customers but they’d be absolutely useless if we didn’t build ships for them.” He raised one eyebrow. “How exactly would a crew make money for us if we weren’t doing our own jobs?” He sighed in exasperation. “This whole business of treating them like royalty is bullshit. They need to start taking their responsibilities to the project more seriously and quit playing politics.”
“You know they can’t resist trying to blow their own mistakes out of proportion and then pin it on some patsy.” Davidoff was getting into a bad mood. “You should hear the fuss they’re making about the size of the central atrium on the second ship in the Leviathan  class. Everything’s their idea until they don’t like it and then it suddenly seems like I do the damn layouts single handedly.” He wagged a warning finger at Frank. “Mark my words, that staff captain is pushing a whiny complaint straight to the top.”
“Oh, I’m counting on that,” Frank answered in a dark tone. “I’m pretty sure that genius sent a blistering email all the way up the chain to Howard’s office.” He gazed out the window as a speedboat burbled its way through a restricted speed zone. “As soon as it gets to me, it’s going to get a reply-to-all  explaining how he exposed us to huge liability.
“For one thing, talking to a sub-contractor violates the Prime Contractor clause. If an accident happens at the shipyard and he’s been giving orders to the subs, He ends up in jail, not the lead contractor’s superintendent. Doesn’t even need to be related to the console he had changed. Some tin-basher falls off a scaffold and dies – the staff captain’ll find himself in court.
“Even worse, if any one of those panels were to malfunction and cause the ship to run aground, the designers would point to his changes and say it’s our problem.”
“Did his changes make sense at least?” 
“Oh, absolutely.” Frank grinned. “And that’s part of the point I want to make when Howard comes to next week’s progress meeting. The Captain and Staff Captain were part of the layout consultations right from the start. They would rather show up on site and give last minute orders than simply ask for it to be fixed at the start. Makes ‘em feel important. They saw the console layout and actually signed each one.” 
“Seems to me, that would have been a pretty good time to correct obvious errors in  the layout,” Davidoff mused. “So what was the issue?” 
“A lot of consoles need to be moved. Policy on watch keeping changed a year ago and most of the operators will end up needing their terminals switched.” He raised an eyebrow. “You might recall, Kim,  that we’ve been rotating the rest of the fleet through the dockyards to update the older bridges?” Not for the first time, Frank wondered if his friend had been named for Kim Philby, the high ranking Soviet double-agent.  Old Ivan Davidoff never did talk about his childhood in Russia. 
Davidoff smacked his forehead. “Sorry, Frank; I must have pulled an old template when we drew up the bridge layout for Leviathan. Want me to send a change request to the Architects?”
“No, I should send it. They’re supposed to be the ones that know where the terminals go in the first place.  That way, if I have it on one of my own change requests, I can track the cost of the change to my Stupid crap that Ops want done at the last minute total.” He reached out for a second slice of apple. “The last fifty changes have all been over the budget line so I have to take every new one upstairs to get Howard’s autograph.” 
“So,” Davidoff’s face reflected the import, “every week Howard hears about how Jim decided to change the thruster wattage, or…”
“Or how the Staff Captain waited until the last minute to blunder in with an expensive change?” Frank got up and started stuffing his gear into his carry-on. “I should be able to keep your name out of this. If push comes to shove, we can always throw the architects under the bus; the whole watch change idea was their recommendation anyway.”
“Yeah, those idiots!” Davidoff half-joked. 
“Seriously, I have to agree with that sentiment.” Frank turned back to the designer, his carry-on in his hand. “They shouldn’t even be looking at the individual terminal names on your layouts – you’re responsible for traffic flow. They’re supposed to be the ones who call the technical shots. All they really end up doing is copying your cad files and pasting whole sections into their title blocks and it’s their drawings that I’m gonna take upstairs next week.” 
“Thanks, Frank.” Davidoff smiled. “If you get them to send the change before you leave Finland. I’ll hammer them about the conduit changes so they remember to sort it all out in time.”
“Thanks, moi droog You want me to bring back a bottle of Lakka  for your dad?”
“Sure. You know, he’s still waiting to hear when you and Ellen can come over for some ‘gator.” 
Frank had started down the hall but paused to think for a moment. “Let’s aim for this Saturday and I’ll clear it with Ellen tonight.” He continued towards the elevators. “See you Monday, Kim.” Then, with a wave over his shoulder – “Saturday, I mean!”
 
The War Room
Washington, D.C.
January 4th, 2026
Nathaniel Parnell walked into the room, followed by Sam and Mary. “Mary, if you want to talk about aliens, shouldn’t you be standing in front of a tar-paper shack or a pile of gravel or something?” He strode to his seat, nodding at the military and civilian staff arrayed around the table who all sprung to their feet. “I mean, the stuff my son watches on TV - the UFO interviews always show some borderline lunatic with a pint-shaped lump in his pocket.” He dropped into his seat, the rest of the room following suit.  “Nice start on a story, but maybe throw in some zombies or a couple of sensitive vampires.” 
Mary, her attempt at a heads-up having failed utterly, nodded to the young captain who held the remote. “Mr. President, we were advised by the head of NASA that we lost contact with Vinland Station for a very specific, very alarming reason.” The screen at the end of the room flickered on, the image showed Mars. She reached out and took the remote from the officer.
Parnell leaned forward, his right hand touching the frame of his glasses. “So, what am I looking for here?”
Mary touched the remote and the video feed began to run. The scene pulled back to reveal a massive ship with a profusion of modules and antennae hanging from underneath. The hull was a dull dark grey – almost black, and it consisted of a central docking framework that could hold six independent triangular vessels in a circular array. Three of the sub-vessels were still docked. She paused it again. “These ships are believed to be connected with our loss of communications with Vinland Station.” 
Parnell tore his gaze from the screen to look at Mary, one eyebrow arched. “Director Perdue, are you telling me that someone built this thing and launched it to Mars without any of our high tech gee-gaws letting us know about it?” 
Mary hit the play button. “Technically, sir, that’s the long and short of it.” 
Parnell was still staring at her. “How the hell could anyone pull that off?”
Mary paused the video at the next marker. “Because, Mr. President, that ship didn’t come from this solar system. “ Having learned from her parents – both Hollywood producers - she let the scene on the monitor do the rest of the talking for her. 
Quiet gasps and exclamations rippled around the room as realization dawned. The scene showed an insect-like landing vehicle hovering outside the mine entrance on Olympus Mons. A squad of figures were frozen in their advance on the entrance, their proximity to a NASA surface rover making it easy to estimate their height.
“They’re the size of children,” the Secretary of Defense mused. “What is that behind them? It almost looks like they have…”
“Tails?” Mary finished for him. “That’s the general consensus upstairs. Whoever these little guys are, they’re definitely not from here, folks.” 
The president reached behind his lenses to rub his eyes. “I suppose there’s no chance of someone flinging the doors open and yelling Surprise!”. He looked back up. “Mary, where did you get this imagery from?
“Chuck Gray got it from Ed McAdam, the CEO of Red Flag Minerals. They were over at Moffett field for a progress meeting on their heavy-lift airship project when one of Ed’s minions called him with the news. I was on the phone with Chuck at the time talking about assistance to JAXA.” 
“Haven’t I met Ed? The ribbon cutting at Moffett?” The president turned to Sam. “Tall guy, sour face, chewed my ear off for ten minutes about a registry for mineral claims on the moon?” He looked around the room. “Is this guy reliable? I mean, it could be a hoax that got out of hand, couldn’t it?” 
Mary shrugged. “Hockey could be a hoax for all I know - a bunch of grown men in short pants chasing a puck around the ice. I’d believe you if you told me it was all some sort of mob front for money laundering.” 
Parnell pointed a finger at her, “Watch yourself, young lady. You’re on thin ice, talking about hockey like that.” Nobody was certain whether Parnell truly loved the Capitals, or whether he just thought it wise to support the hometown team. 
Mary was pretty sure he was jumping on the hockey comment to give himself a few seconds to wrap his head around an almost unbelievable dilemma. “Mr. President, Chuck has staff in Hilo and they’re probably arriving at the observatory on Mauna Kea as we speak. We’ll have independent confirmation from them any minute now. Until then, I thought it best if we proceed as if we were sure of the threat.”
Parnell nodded. “You made the right call, pulling everyone together. If this does turn out to be a hoax, I’ll be more relieved than angry. Hell, I’ll take all of you up to the residence for a kegger!” He looked around the room, taking a deep breath. “So, if it’s not a hoax, what do we do about it?”
 
Red Flag Mineral Co. 
Sixty Meter Observatory 
Mauna Kea, Hawaii
January 4th, 2026
"Evening, Mike.” Pete McGregor walked into the control room with a bag of food, handing it to the Red Flag astronomer. “Mr. Gray tells me you’ve been up here since the discovery? Sorry to barge in, but he wanted independent confirmation.” 
“Are you kidding me? I’m glad to have someone else look at this; I’m worried that I might be losing it!” Mike set down the bag, pulling out a burger with a fried egg on it. During his time on the islands, he had never been tempted by any of the variations on the local loco moco dish, but he was too hungry now to care. He crammed the burger into his mouth, biting off half while Pete looked up at the stills on the monitor. Mike wasn’t sure if it was just hunger, but it was the best damned burger he had eaten in his entire life. Having taken the edge off, he finished off the remainder at a more normal pace while watching his friend’s reaction. 
The engineer from NASA was shaking his head as he looked at the screen. “It’s crazy. They knocked out both facilities?” 
Mike put down his food. “I don’t see any bodies but those little guys are all over the ISS site and our mining operation.” He walked over to the touch screen and turned to face Pete. “No human activity since we started seeing them, and then, they did this last night.” He reached up to a cluster of control tabs and hit a play icon. A window flew up in the center of the screen, showing a video recording from the mining site.
Pete watched for a moment. “They’re fiddling with the rovers? Stands to reason; they want to gauge our technology and the obvious place to…” 
Mike had raised his hand, cutting Pete off. “What ever reason it stands to, Pete, it’s not the one you’re talking about.” He stepped away from the screen to watch with the engineer. The small figures were rapidly moving away from the rover park.
“What the hell …” Pete stopped suddenly as a series of orange-red blossoms replaced each rover. “They blew up all of your rovers?” 
Mike nodded. Picking up the tablet on the table behind them, he stabbed his finger at the control widget, then grabbed the remains of the burger, stuffing it into his mouth. “Not jush oursh,” he mumbled, dribbling bread crumbs into his scruffy goatee as a new window opened, showing the habitats of the Vinland station. Their rover park had been blown as well.
Peter stared at the screen. “So much for paying off my student loans.” 
The War Room
Washington, D.C.
January 4th, 2026
Parnell stared up at the monitor as the last of the stills filled the screen, ten scorched wrecks that used to be rovers. What the hell am I supposed to do about this?  he wondered. Good God, what president has ever had to deal with anything even remotely like this? He came out of his reverie when he realized that the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff was speaking.
“…makes it abundantly clear that these are hostile forces and we have to prepare to face them.” Admiral Kelly pounded his hand on the table in emphasis. “ Despite what Administrator Gray thinks, I would rather meet them with force and be wrong than meet them in peace and be wrong.”
Charles Gray leaned forward, turning to the right to aim his retort at the Admiral. “Why do we always fall back on Hollywood and assume that an alien presence will automatically mean a violent invasion? The destruction of our equipment might have had a less sinister purpose.” He glared about the room. “Let’s consider for a moment that these creatures come from a civilization advanced enough to travel between solar systems. Isn’t it possible that they might be just a bit more enlightened than us?” 
Parnell had been listening idly, still wondering what he was supposed to do in a case like this when the NASA Administrator’s comment brought him back to the present. “No doubt the native tribes had similar arguments when they spotted the first European ships anchored offshore,” he interjected with a dry tone. “Things didn’t go too well for them, as I recall.” 
Kelly sat back, looking across the table at the president. “Sir, it may surprise you to learn that NASA has had a team working with DARPA for almost eight years now and this type of scenario has pretty much been the sole focus of their work. 
Gray was obviously caught off guard by this but kept silent. Good, thought Parnell. He has the sense to know when he’s been flanked. He knows not to compound his lack of knowledge with empty bluster. “What do you have, gentlemen?” The plural was a salve for Gray. It’s like looking after my brother’s kids sometimes.
Admiral Kelly touched the remote pad, bringing a series of schematics up on the screen. Each set of drawings was followed by a three dimensional rendering. The Admiral was showing them ships – spaceships. “Essentially, the plan is similar to one of our current carrier groups. The recommendation is for a series of carriers each with a collection of escorts. Obviously, launching such vessels from the surface would be impossible so we would have to get the construction materials into orbit and assemble everything up there.” 
“Obviously,” the president interjected dryly. “Charles, do you have any comments about the feasibility of shipping a fleet’s worth of steel into space?”
Gray took a sip of his coffee before setting the mug down. “Sir, our primary bottleneck would be the physical dimensions of the payloads. We wouldn’t even be able to ship an F-22 into space in one piece.” He leaned forward, looking directly at the president. “And we’re talking about building a carrier in space?” He glared down at Kelly. “Do you realize how much welding would have to be done in space suits? How many astronauts would be needed for that kind of work?”
Parnell watched the grin spread on Kelly’s face. Chuck, you might be a hell of a smart guy, but Tom Kelly makes a living as a fighter and there’s no way he would walk into this meeting with his agenda and not have you firmly tied down. The Admiral had something tucked up his sleeve.
“Perhaps, Mr. Gray, you could explain the orbital airship concept that your administration has been holding back for the last few years?” Kelly leaned on his right elbow, enjoying the look of anger on Gray’s face.
Maybe it’s time to reign them in, Parnell mused. Still, there might be more useful information to shake loose while these two are riled up. Time to poke the fire a bit. “Chuck, what’s Tom talking about?” he asked, all innocence. “What technology are you holding back? I thought it was your mandate to expand on any possible advances.”
Gray bristled. “Mr. President, there are a few organizations out there advocating the use of airships to get into orbit. My predecessor had a policy of discouraging private capital from backing the concept and, frankly, I agree.” He sounded defensive but certain. “The last seven decades, we have poured Billions into rocket development. Now that private enterprise has started to step in and pick up the torch, we’re supposed to simply throw all that away and start over again with a whole new concept?” His tone was becoming strident. “How the hell are we supposed to get out there if we can’t pick a method and commit to making it work?”
  Parnell looked back at Kelly. “Tom, you better have a reason for bringing this up; we don’t have time to sit around taking pot-shots at each other. Do orbital airships come into the DARPA plan?”
Kelly nodded, his face now under rigid control – the sparring was over. “Sir, the plan calls for the construction of the ships in modules that we fabricate here on the ground. We load them onto heavy lift airships that would then transit to a way station at forty thousand meters. The way station then transfers the cargo to a second type of airship that’s designed to go into low Earth orbit. Orbital assembly would be greatly simplified.”
Director Perdue cut in. “Admiral, are you saying that this can’t be done with current launch capabilities?”
Kelly’s face showed the slightest hint of a smile. “Mary, that’s exactly what I’m leading up to.” He looked down the table at Gray. “How much can you put into LEO with those old engines from the shuttle, Chuck, seventy tons?” His smile grew. “Or as your press release put it, the equivalent of forty SUV’s?” Gray fumed as the room broke out in chuckles. “Were you worried that the American public wouldn’t understand?” Kelly was making sure he kept Gray on the ropes. “Maybe you should throw in a conversion factor for stadiums full of popcorn?”
“And how much did your team tell you it would cost?” Gray wasn’t about to just lay on the floor and take a pummeling. He may not have earned a living in combat, but he knew what weapons he could use in a situation like this. 
The president looked at Kelly and he could see the hesitation. Parnell was a politician, and like the rest of his kind, he could smell blood in the water.  “Tom, how much are we looking at, including the cost of getting these airships up and running?”
Admiral Kelly had been staring at Gray, knowing the moment had been forced too soon. He turned to Parnell and looked him straight in the eye. “Mr. President, the total budget will be thirty-four Trillion, including assembly.” He remained stock still, looking at the man with the purse strings.
Parnell stared back at him in a silent room. Did I hear that right? “Tom, did you just ask me to spend one and a half times our current national debt?”
Sam, oddly enough the only economist on Parnell’s staff, spoke into the silence. “Sir, even if we nationalize the contractors and suppliers to enforce cost controls, this would completely bankrupt us. No bank on Earth would touch us with a ten foot pole. Our economy would tank within a year; massive unemployment, rampant crime, riots.” He shook his head. “We might save the planet from aliens, but we would end up a failed state. It would turn America into a massive prison with Tom here as the warden.”
Silence fell again on a sobered room. 
Charles Gray broke the silence. “We’re talking about this as if the aliens would only be interested in attacking the United States.” He looked around the room. “We have a whole planet full of countries to work with. We didn’t send up the ISS missions on our own; we spread the work and costs between ourselves, the Russians, the Japanese, the Canadians and the Europeans.”
Parnell felt a surge of hope as Gray spoke. He has the right idea, his scale is just off. “Charles is right, Sam. We just need to expand on it. Dividing the cost five ways still won’t work; it’s not enough.”
“We need China,” Kelly said flatly.
“We need everybody,” Sam insisted.
Parnell sighed. “Everybody. Suddenly I’m not so sure I like where this is heading.” He turned his head to look at Sam, sitting to his right. “If we go down that road, we may not be able to come back. Don’t they still claim we owe them money?” 
“They can go suck eggs!” Kelly’s sudden outburst had every eye in the room on him. “What are they talking about, a couple Billion? We’ve given them ten times that in military support but they conveniently forget that when they come calling with their hat in hand.” He pointed a finger at Sam. "If we give them more money, they're just going to waste it on magic beans, and you sure as hell can't put a military force in their hands. We need this force under NATO command."
“And what are you going to tell the Chinese?" Sam raised an eyebrow. "I'm no fan of giving money to the UN either, but imagine what would happen if we went to the Chinese and asked them nicely to give several Trillion dollars to NATO." He kept his trademark deadpan expression as he continued. "They'd probably wonder if we should be kept under observation for a few days, just to be sure we're not a danger to ourselves or others."
Parnell nodded. “You won’t find me disagreeing, Tom, but Sam is right: this has to happen, and we can't coordinate this through NATO. We need an organization that everybody belongs to and there just isn’t time to build one from scratch. We need to use what tools already exist. NATO will have to 'encourage' the western financial contributors, and China will do the same in the east.” He looked back to Sam. “Get me a meeting.”
 
Conception
Turtle Bay
Manhattan, New York
January 6th , 2026
Jess Sisulu came out from behind her desk. No matter what direction this meeting takes, let it not be said that I didn’t start it on a friendly footing. She smiled as her visitor was ushered in, noticing his involuntary reaction to her appearance. In her thirty eight years of public service – first in her homeland of Transkei, later in post-apartheid South Africa - she had little need to rely on her looks but she didn’t begrudge their effect.  
She shook his hand in the center of the office. “Mr. President, please, won’t you have a seat?” She indicated an arrangement of lounge chairs to one side of her office.
Parnell sat down, looking around him. “Very nice, Madam Secretary General. They’ve really captured the look of the fifties in here.” 
Jess smiled. “I believe maintained is a more accurate description. I’m pretty sure this paneling was here since the building was completed. It still smells faintly of cigars if you stand close enough; I was told once that Dag Hammarskjöld stocked up on Cubans when things were heating up.” I can chat all day if you don’t want to come to the point. I know what brought you here, she thought.
The American president brought his gaze back from the décor to look at his host. “I suppose you have some idea of why I’m here…”
“I imagine it has something to do with the startling news out of Oxford?”
Parnell nodded. “We were hoping to keep things under wraps for the time being to avoid panic but when an entire lecture hall filled with students conducts a teleconference with aliens…” He spread his hands. “Half the world thinks it’s just another tabloid headline, the other half is stocking up on water and dry goods.”
“And assault rifles, no doubt.” Jess smiled. “My people tell me that the NRA website has crashed,” she continued as the President nodded. “It’s only been a few short hours and the world is going mad. We need to show them that we are taking this seriously.”
“We need to show the world that we are taking appropriate, concrete action to protect our planet from outside aggression,” Parnell jumped in.
Jess looked at the President for a long moment, sensing that something was not being said. “Are you aware of evidence beyond what was discovered at Oxford?” She leaned forward. “You speak of aggression, but the video link merely showed an alien walking past the camera a few times before he heard Dr. Colbert’s voice. At that point, he disabled the camera. What else do you have?”
Parnell didn’t hesitate; he had obviously decided beforehand that he would reveal his knowledge if pressed. “We have video evidence of equipment being destroyed by armed individuals. These creatures want Mars all to themselves. How long before they decide the same about Earth?”
“Why do I get the feeling that you have come here to press your own idea of appropriate concrete action?” Jess asked.
“Probably because I have.” The American was certainly frank about it. “Are you familiar with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency?”
“Typically referred to as DARPA?” Jess had been briefed on them as part of the weekly intelligence roundup.
Parnell nodded. “They’ve been working on designs for a space-based combat fleet for several years now. I don’t think any of them ever expected it to be taken seriously but events have overtaken us. They have an impressive series of designs for three groups of carriers and escorts but…”
Jess knew the next step in this dance. “But the costs of building such a fleet would be ruinous.” So that’s it, she mused. I knew what brought you here; now I know what you want from the UN. “You wish to use us to coordinate the effort.” Her mind was racing through the implications, both near-term and long. “No country will give you a single dollar if they think it goes to a unilateral response, no matter how necessary.” 
Parnell sat forward in his chair, resting his elbows on his knees. “We could pay for the fleet ourselves, but it would be an extreme difficulty,” he said with the air of a man making a minor concession. 
Jess schooled her features to show nothing of what went on in her mind. He wouldn’t come here unless they really needed the money. No American president would ever bring this plan here if he could act on his own. Paying for such a fleet might be possible but it would destroy them in the end. “The best option would likely be to share the total costs based on each member nation’s GDP,” she said. 
“Our thoughts exactly,” agreed Parnell. “Even if that nation only pays a few million dollars, every bit will help. It should help to keep the planet’s economies from self-destructing.”
And if you tried on your own and failed, thought Jess, we would all have to learn a new language when our new neighbors get here. A sudden thought prompted her. “The fleet will be a permanent trust of the UN of course. The rest of the world will hardly be keen on paying to provide the United States with such a potent force.” 
The American looked as though he had been expecting this. “As this fleet is proposed and designed by us, we believe it should be led by an American,” he stated evenly.
Jess nodded. “Led by an American general officer, seconded to duty as a UN officer.” She saw the unmistakable tells of a man who believes he has won and she finished her proposal. “The commanders of the three carrier groups to be commanded by general officers and staff from the three remaining nations of the ISS group.” She could see that this was not being received well but she still plunged ahead with the final idea; one which had just crystalized for her. “The fleet captain should be a general officer from the Chinese military.”
“How the hell do you expect such a hodgepodge of different languages to work in combat?” Parnell was scraping the bottom of the barrel with that excuse and had to know it. 
“The same way it works when you operate with NATO. The working language of the fleet will have to be English and I’m sure the nations who are going to be providing their hard-earned capital will be able to find plenty of competent personnel who speak English.” And the Chinese own a large portion of your national debt, she thought, looking down at the coffee table. She looked back up at Parnell. “There is one more thing,” her tone was darker.
“What?” Parnell looked guarded.
“I will need your support to sell this to the General Assembly; we need a firm commitment from everyone for money and material support. We will need all of the diplomatic pressure that you can bring to bear and,” she paused for a moment, taking a deep breath, “and, God help us, force.”
“We've already been in touch with the PRC.” Parnell sighed. "They will support this measure. The moment it passes the vote downstairs, troops from both our countries will be boarding transports."
 
Palm Island
Miami, Florida
January 9th, 2026
Frank took a pull on his beer and reflected on the changes a week could make. When he had left for Finland on Tuesday, he would have assumed that Saturday’s conversation would be the usual round of shop talk with Davidoff; mutual bitching about the prima donnas that they had to deal with in building cruise ships. Of course, there would have been the usual due paid to Davidoff’s father, Ivan,  regarding his latest culinary delight – it was hot Italian ‘gator sausage this time – but it was a perfunctory performance. 
The conversation out in the back yard was entirely about them – the aliens. Frank had learned about the attack on the Mars station as he was sitting in a boardroom overlooking the half-built hulk of the  Leviathan. He had thought the whole thing a joke or worse, a distraction cooked up by one of his subcontractors. Frank knew that one of the décor suppliers was being pressured by a rival cruise line to move them up on their schedule. It would have no impact on the rival’s launch date but it would almost certainly cost Frank a week that he didn’t have.
A quick surf on his laptop, however, had confirmed the incredible news. An entire classroom filled with students had seen one of the aliens on a video link and the British Home Office had released a press package that confirmed the incident and urged citizens to Keep Calm and Carry On.
Now, standing in Kim’s back yard, he looked across the causeway at the cruise ships docked at Dodge Island. “Do you think people will still want to pay for cruises?” He looked over at Kim, who was poking unnecessarily at the sausages while Ivan dozed by the pool. “With a possible invasion just around the corner, would you want to spend a week or two stuck on a boat?” 
Davidoff finally left the poor sausages alone and stared across the water at Fury, the last ship to come out before the Leviathan class. He shrugged. “Too early to tell,” he said simply. “It could go either way; people will either hide in their basements or decide that life is too short to deny themselves the good life.” He grinned. “You know the old saying. Live every day as if it were your last,”
“And one day you’ll be right?” Frank cut in, one eyebrow raised. “So, it’s either business as usual, a huge jump in business or a complete collapse of the cruise industry?”
“In which case, we would need to get the hell out of Dodge?” Davidoff smirked at his own wit.
“See your problem,” Frank sighed, “is that you think you’re funny, but you really aren’t.  You’re so un-funny that it’s kind of amusing.”
“Exactly!” Kim pounced on Frank’s last sentence like a triumphant cat on a mouse. “It’s part of my natural charm!”
Frank nodded absently, looking down the waterway as his boat, a confection in fiberglass and horsepower, came rumbling towards the dock. “I suppose that’s why you’re in your fifties and still live with your dad?” 
“Hey, Dad lives with me, with us,” he asserted with a smile. “It was Sarah’s idea, by the way. I never would have expected those two to get along but they sure as hell ganged up on me!”
“A likely story,” mused Frank. “As soon as she’s finished tying up my boat, I’ll go down there and ask her.” He looked over at Kim who was rooting through his cooler, sacred ground at the Davidoff household. 
“What you’ll do,” Kim said as he stood and twisted off a cap, “is shut your damn piehole and have another red ale.” He handed over the bottle, trading it for his friend’s hastily drained empty.
Blackmail accomplished, Frank enjoyed that perfect first taste of a newly opened beer and treated himself to a moment of relaxation. Aliens or not, I’ll land on my feet somehow, he thought, waving  to Ellen as she walked up the Davidoff’s private jetty with Sarah. It’ll be at least another six months on my current project before I would have to look for work. They couldn’t afford to cancel at this stage.
 
The Prime Minister’s Office
10 Downing Street, London
January 9th , 2026
Jan was ushered into the room by an aide. The Prime Minister, at least, was easy to identify: he was the man behind the desk, frowning up at her. There were six other people standing in front of him and they all turned as she entered, all but one frowning in confusion and lack of recognition. 
Jan had been picked up at home where she was grading papers over a bottle of wine. She had been on her third glass when the policeman knocked on her door. A flurry of preparation had ensued, a quick pass over the hair, and a change of clothes – one didn’t go to the PMO in a vest and jogging bottoms. She left the half-empty bottle sitting open on top of a stack of boxes labeled Edward. Stopping at the door, she had taken a quick look around the flat, eyes resting on the stack for a moment before she turned off the light and closed the door.
Now she stood looking back at the assembled group as another door quietly closed behind her and she began to feel annoyed. They called me here and this is the reception I get? Well, if they expect me to explain who I am, they can go to hell. They can ponce about all day for all I care. Jan was no stranger to scrutiny: she made a living in front of hundreds of twenty-something graduate students. “Sorry if I’m late,” she breezed. “Traffic was a right Elliot.” She was quite pleased with herself for her performance. It was a safe bet that none of them would understand the slang that she had picked up from her students. It was obvious that the PM had no clue who she was and equally obvious that he expected her to identify herself.
A man in a poorly-fitted suit stepped over. “Dr. Colbert?” he asked as he held out his hand. “Dr. Harold Livingston; Home Office Science, Research and Statistics.”
Jan took his hand. “Dr. Livingston” Don’t say ‘I presume’. “I presume you can explain why I’ve been asked to come here?” Bugger, I kind of said it anyway. In vino veritas… Pull yourself together!
“As you may have already guessed, it has to do with your rather unusual conference call on Sunday morning.” Livingston’s face gave the impression that they were discussing nothing more serious than a crank call. 
The Prime Minister looked relieved to know who she was. “Dr. Colbert, thank you for taking the time to join us,” he began. “What can you tell us beyond what was in your report?”
Jan wasn’t bothered by the company but the question did manage to catch her off guard. “Beyond the report?” she asked, buying a few seconds to think. There was something I was thinking about when I was lurching to the door with my third glass of wine in hand, but what? Her eyebrows raised involuntarily as it hit her. The way they walked – their balance as they turned in front of the camera. They probably have tails. She shook her head. “Nothing of any import, I’m afraid.” 
Dr. Livingston was not to be deterred. “Then there might be something of no import?” 
Jan shrugged. “From the way they moved, it looked like they were balanced by tails.” She could see the PM raise an ironic eyebrow. Livingston, however, smiled and nodded.
“We received imagery from the Americans that confirms your suspicion, Doctor,” he said. “And I  believe, sir, that it supports my suggestion. Perhaps the information itself is unimportant, but Dr. Colbert managed to determine it from almost no data at all.” Livingston had turned his head back towards the PM as he spoke. 
“And almost no data rather sums up our current situation at the moment.” With a slight nod, the PM turned to Jan. “Dr. Colbert, we would like to send you to New York. The UN has been given the task of organizing our planet’s response to the alien incursion and we’re sending staff to represent our government. “ He looked at her for a moment. “I am certain you will have no difficulties in proving your value to the team.” He nodded at Livingston who politely ushered her out of the room with a smile.
Jan was less than settled on the matter. New York? I have papers to grade, lectures to give. “Dr. Livingston, I haven’t agreed to go anywhere, or hadn’t you noticed?” 
Livingston stopped in the hallway outside the door to the cabinet room and smiled indulgently at her. “Yes, it was all rather abrupt, wasn’t it? Three minutes in that room and they expect you to uproot your life and save the world!” He leaned forward a bit, lowering his voice in mock conspiracy. “You wouldn’t really refuse such a request, would you? Not when you can make a difference, surely?”
Jan sighed. “Not if you put it that way,” she said as she stared down the hallway. If only I had gotten a teleconference booking for the second instead of the third. She was suddenly very sober.
 
Red Flag Mineral Co. 
Sixty Meter Observatory 
Mauna Kea, Hawaii
January 9th, 2026
Mike sat up on his cot, staring at the coffee maker where a half pot of sullen, black liquid sat on a cold heating element. “You let the pot go cold.” He looked over at Pete with an expression of betrayal. The engineer from NASA hardly acknowledged the statement. He was staring at the screen with a frown. Upon standing, Mike was able to see the screen and he froze for a moment. “What the hell are those?”
“If I had to hazard a guess,” Pete finally took his eyes off the screen, “and I’ve been working on my guess for two hours now, I would say they’re for mining supplies.” He shrugged at Mike. “They landed near your operation on Olympus Mons. The whole reason Red Flag set up there is because volcanoes and asteroid impacts bring mineral wealth to the surface, right?” He continued when Mike nodded. “They leveled a patch this morning and dropped those big boxy numbers about an hour ago.” He walked to the sink and dumped his coffee out. 
“They could have parked anywhere,” Mike thought out loud. “But going to that kind of trouble to park on the slopes of a volcano…” 
                “Means they have minerals on their minds,” the engineer finished for him. He grabbed his coat from a chair. “I’ll go out for food and I’ll bring you back some decent coffee.” He stopped by the door. “Do us both a favor: throw out that can of crystals and I’ll bring back some fresh-ground Kona.”
Mike smiled and nodded; the crystals were only there for occasional use. They had never been intended to keep a two-man watch fuelled with caffeine for over a week. “Fine.” He did his best to sound grudging. “But no more spam sushi.”
The engineer laughed. “C’mon, it’s an acquired taste. You have to give it a chance.”
The Red Flag astronomer gave a disapproving shake of his head. “Seriously, dude, there is something wrong with the way your head works. And why,” his voice grew louder, “do we always label disgusting food as an acquired taste?” He jabbed a thumb at his own chest. “This is one guy who won’t fall for the oldest marketing scam in the books.”
“Uh-huh…” Pete’s voice was thick with sarcasm as he opened the door. “You do still want the bottle of scotch, though?”
Mike chuckled. “Not in here, but point taken; I have acquired a few tastes, but NO DAMN SPAM,” he yelled as the door closed behind his friend. 
 
Turtle Bay
Manhattan, New York
January 11th , 2026 
Frank sat in an old Danish-style chair. It looked like it had been there since the ‘50’s when that kind of mid-century modern was all the rage. I tried to tell them they had the wrong guy; now what the hell do I say? He was a mess; and this was no simple mistake. This was a fail of epic proportions. 
At least he’d tried to tell them – several times.
Just over two hours ago, he had been in a meeting in Howard’s office where they were trying to smooth things over between Ops and Engineering. Frank had sensed that Howard knew he was in the right, but the VP of Operations still wanted his head on a platter. Howard was playing the peacemaker, as usual; suggesting that apologies be offered all around. Frank was about to employ some rather shocking language when a commotion erupted on the other side of the door. 
All eyes were already on the door when it opened. A young Air Force captain strode in with a middle-aged man in a light grey suit. A shield on his belt identified him as a detective with the Miami police. “It’s all right, Alan.” Howard nodded his assistant out of the office before addressing the intruders. “Gentlemen, how can I help you?” He was too curious to be annoyed at the intrusion and Frank was pretty sure he was glad to interrupt the meeting before it got even more out of hand.
The military officer was first to speak. “Sir, we’re looking for a Mr. Frank Bender. I believe he’s one of your project managers?” 
What the hell? Frank knew he had heard it right but that didn’t mean it made any sense. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Grant, the VP of Ops, smirking at him but he had bigger problems at the moment than Grant. What the hell would the military want with me? And what’s with the cop?   
As if in answer, the detective spoke up. “I realize this is very unusual but we have been tasked by the highest authority to ensure that Mr. Bender is located and delivered to Miami International immediately.” His gaze slipped from Howard to follow Grant’s confused stare. The VP of Ops no longer looked quite so smug, but he still couldn’t tear his eyes away from Frank. “Mr. Bender?” the detective asked.
Screw it, anything beats apologizing to that jackass. “I’m Frank Bender,” he acknowledged. “What exactly is going on here?”
The cop shrugged looking over at the Air Force captain who answered. “Mr. Bender, I can’t tell you much. Your presence is urgently required and we have been tasked with delivering you.” 
Can’t tell me because it’s classified or just because you don’t know? Frank looked over at Howard who merely shrugged helplessly. At least ‘presence is required’ sounds better than ‘we’ve come to lock your ass up’. He looked up at the captain. “I think you have the wrong man; I just build cruise ships.”
The detective pulled out a notebook and flipped it open. “Frank Philip Bender?” He looked up to see Frank nod before continuing. “Born March 18th, 1984, son of Captain Samuel Bender, USN Deceased?”
Frank nodded slowly. This just keeps getting stranger, but they seem pretty sure I’m their guy. He was unable to keep the troubled look from his face as a new thought occurred to him.  Is the cop here to reassure me that this is legit, or is he here  to make sure I come? He stood. “Well, I still think you have the wrong guy here, but let’s go.” 
The ride down the Dolphin Expressway did little to settle his mind. There were no other vehicles on the westbound lanes. Every on-ramp had a patrol car with flashing lights to turn drivers away. They reached Le Jeune in minutes where they turned the wrong way at the 30th street intersection, driving over the curb and up to a fence where a platoon of soldiers stood guard over a temporary opening. To Frank’s surprise they drove right through and onto the tarmac of Miami International after crossing over a rough patch of dead grass. 
The vehicle headed right, pulling up to a fighter jet. Frank, whose father had served as a naval aviator recognized the F-22 raptor. The detective followed the parking signals of an armed soldier and shut off the engine. “Well gentlemen, I believe this is the end of my involvement in this bullshit.” He turned in his seat to look at Frank as the captain stepped out of the passenger side. “Mr. Bender, I have no idea what you’ve been dragged into, but best of luck.” He grinned and turned to face out the windshield.
An airman pulled the door open and beckoned Frank out, handing him a flight suit.
Now, sitting in the Danish chair, still in the flight suit, Frank looked up at the row of portraits. He assumed they must be the previous Secretary Generals. Or is it Secretaries General? He stood and walked over to the first portrait. Might as well see the sights while I’m here, he mused as he leaned over to read the engraved brass inset at the bottom of the photo. Gladwn Jeb,  he raised his eyes to scan the photo but noticed his reflection where the man’s dark suit gave the glazing an almost mirror-like quality.
Shit! he thought in mild alarm. The experience of flying at more than two times the speed of sound was thrilling but stressful and his hair was a sweaty mess plastered to his head like a huge dead spider. He tried running his hands through his hair to at least get it off his scalp but it just dropped right back down again.
He looked around in desperation, spotting a fabric runner under a floral arrangement on a corner table. He pulled it from under the vase and began to rub it on his hair to wick up as much moisture as possible. He would have to stuff the cloth behind the table and hope that it went un-noticed for a day or two. He could definitely feel his hair getting a bit drier.
“Um, Mr. Bender?” 
Frank turned, taking the cloth from his head with his left hand. A young man stood there with one eyebrow raised. Nicely done, Frank; sit here for ten minutes and THEN decide to fix your hair. Well, nothing else to do except act like this is normal – this is hardly the most embarrassing thing I’ve ever been caught doing. “Yes, that’s me.” He flashed a friendly grin. “And you are?”  
“Thomas, Tom – Ramus. I’m Ms. Sisulu’s personal assistant.” To his credit, Tom was only momentarily flustered. Perhaps this wasn’t the most embarrassing thing he had ever caught a visitor doing. “She’s ready for you now.” He smiled as he gestured through the doorway with his hand.
Frank tossed the runner on the chair and quickly bent to check the results in Mr. Jeb’s photo as he ran his fingers through his hair. It looked like a bad gel job from the eighties and there was an alarming cow-lick sticking up but it would have to do. He stood and followed Tom into the office. It was large. Near the windows sat a desk facing a huge conference table. Beyond the table was a discussion area with more Danish-style chairs. 
Jess Sisulu walked towards him extending a hand. “Mr. Bender,” she said, unable to stop herself from glancing up at his hair and flashing a slight, diplomatic grin. “I’m sorry we had to bring you here under such unusual circumstances.” She stepped back to her left, waving her right hand towards the discussion area. “Won’t you have a seat?” 
Frank moved with her towards the chairs, sitting across from her. “Madame Secretary, um, is that what I call you, or?” He trailed off, feeling like an idiot. Good job, genius. You could have looked it up on your smartphone ten minutes ago. He shrugged mentally. Oh well , it’s not like I really care what these yahoos think.
Jess had a disarming smile and she turned it loose on Frank. “Mr. Bender, considering how much time you will be spending in this office, I think we can dispense with the formalities. Please call me Jess.”
“Frank,” he replied. OK this is getting out of hand for a simple case of mistaken identity. I’m now on a first-name basis with the Secretary General of the UN? He gave a slight shake of the head, his mouth a tight mask, the bearer of bad news. “Jess, I think there has been a mistake,” he began, his voice filled with the calm confidence that he would soon be on the sidewalk looking up flight times on his phone. “I build cruise ships. Has the UN suddenly gone into the entertainment industry?” 
Jess grinned. “I hear there is a lot of money to be had in cruise ships, perhaps we could fund ourselves?” She shook  her head, smiling. “You don’t just build cruise ships, Frank, you are building the largest ship on the planet and in record time, from what we hear.”
“Must have been something in that bagel,” Frank mused out loud, then seeing the look on Jess’ face he explained. “Sorry, Jess, but I must have food poisoning. You see, I’m probably sitting in my cubicle right now with drool running out of my mouth while one of my co-workers calls Poison Control.” He shrugged. “I’m hallucinating that I’ve been flown at twice the speed of sound to chat with an improbably attractive politician about my work." There was an edge to his voice. Frank was getting a little tired of the bizarre twists in his Monday and he was trying to throw Jess off her balance a little. Start making sense, dammit. What’s this all about?
Jess gave a nod of acquiescence. “Fair enough, Frank, I’ll come right to it.” She leaned forward. “By now, you have heard of the footage out of Oxford?” Seeing him nod, she went on. “There’s footage from another source that indicates hostility.” She stared into his eyes. “The consensus is that they will come here next but nobody knows when. When they do, we need to be ready. That’s where you come in.” She sat back.
“You want to ship me over there so they can beat me to death in front of a camera?” he demanded coldly. When they had pulled up in front of the Secretariat building in New York, he had almost thought this was some high handed attempt to apologize for what had happened to his father. He was ready to blow his top if that were the case, being dragged out of a meeting by armed men and flown up the coast at someone else’s whim, but it sounded like they actually expected him to do something for them.
She had the grace to look ashamed, even though she had still been working in Africa at the time. “It was wrong to leave him behind like that.” She admitted. “So many missions had been poorly thought out and the support was almost non existent.”
“Poorly thought out?” Frank radiated anger. “That mission was properly thought out by the officers who were assigned to lead it.” He remained in his seat, afraid he might throw a chair out the window if he came to his feet. “I remember the last day I saw my dad, before he shipped out,” he said, leaning forward in his chair. His voice grew quiet but it still held an edge. “He told me how the troop strengths, the equipment recommendations, the rules of engagement; all were overridden by some flunky in this building.” He rapped a knuckle on the coffee table as he spoke. 
He looked at her in silence for a few moments. “It took the local warlords about a month to figure out the weakness of the force and how restrictive their rules were,” he said. “If you feel the need to send soldiers on a peace keeping mission, you have to give them the right to defend themselves without having to go through a flowchart in some damned handbook or call a desk jockey in New York. If it wasn’t for the French Navy, none of them would have gotten out alive.” 
The French Naval commandos had shown no bureaucratic compunction about opening fire and had come ashore once it became clear that the UN force was being overrun. They had established a secure beachhead and ferried the survivors out to the Charles de Gaulle by landing helicopters in the tide zone. Smaller teams had worked their way inland to search for isolated pockets of friendly troops. Though many were saved, Samuel Bender had not been one of the lucky ones. Two months later, he had been beaten to death in front of a camera after refusing to read a prepared statement.
That was three years ago.
Frank had hated the UN ever since.
“Mr. Bender, the UN hasn’t always been the best instrument to force peace on the unwilling, and in some cases, it has failed completely – failed the citizens it sought to aid as well as the soldiers we sent to protect them.” She paused to catch her breath, and her thoughts. “In this endeavor, we assume a more fitting role. We serve as a framework for the nations of the Earth to work together. To channel all of our efforts and resources into the most difficult construction project our species has ever attempted.”
The hair on the back of Frank’s neck suddenly stood on end as he stared back at her. Is this going where I think it is? “Jess, do you need me to build something for you?” An orbital defense station? Couldn’t NASA or the ISS group do a better job?
“We have the backing of every nation on Earth - finance, materials and expertise.” She leaned in again. “Three carrier groups, Frank;  three battle groups to send to Mars and you are the best qualified for what we have in mind.” She carried on over his inarticulate grunt of disbelief. “The major naval powers have let their shipbuilding industries fall into decline. They can still help with weapon systems but when it comes to constructing massive modular hulls, they can’t do it quickly and they have never done it efficiently.”
She stabbed a finger at him. “You have.”
 
The Oval Office
Washington, D.C.
January 11th, 2026
“They’ll try to use this to bring us down.” Sam followed Parnell into the Oval Office through the door from the West Colonnade, the smell of cigarette smoke clinging to both of them.
“Of course they will,” Parnell replied reasonably. “They’re politicians. We’d be doing the same in their shoes.” He shrugged out of the jacket, throwing it over the back of one of the ornate chairs in the seating area. “So, what kind of ammunition will he use this morning and what will he hold in reserve?”
“Bob might develop a sudden fondness for limiting presidential powers.” Sam gazed at the Resolute Desk as he mused. “Practically every president to sit behind that desk has cooked up a war to boost his numbers and most have done it without congressional permission.”
“So, now that we need to go to war to preserve the species, he’s going to play a card like that?” 
“He might,” Sam answered frankly. “This is going to be the most important conflict in human history and the Republicans are itching to be in the saddle.” He looked up as his old friend sat behind the desk. “And they’ll make sure the public hears how you’ve never worn a uniform in your life. Not as an attack, mind you, but every Republican pundit on the talk show circuit will start dropping that little nugget in casual interviews.” 
“What about the Scouts?” Parnell’s features clouded with mock outrage. I used to cut a dashing figure in my little uniform, I’ll have you know.”
“I’ll have Jack put that into a press packet right away.” Sam’s face was deadpan. Sometimes it was hard to know when he was being serious. 
“So, that’s their ready ammunition,” Parnell said. “What do they have in the powder keg? What will they throw at us when the bill goes up for vote?” 
Sam shrugged. “The bill itself.” He was still working his fingers, restoring circulation after standing outside on a brisk January morning. “Spending this much cash on a fleet that ends up belonging to the UN?” He grimaced. “There’s no way in hell the taxpayers are going to like it.”
The door to the secretary’s office opened, Parnell’s aide, Thomas, leaning in. “Mr. President, Congressman Cochrane is here. 
“Thank you, Thomas,” Parnell nodded to Sam, who left by the side door. “Please show him in.” He walked over to the main door as Bob Cochrane imposed himself on the space. The congressional majority leader was a huge man, over six feet tall and he carried his two hundred fifty pounds like an aircraft carrier. The  president shook his hand. “Bob, thanks for coming on short notice.” He waved the man over to the couches in the center of the room. 
“I think we can dispense with the fencing, Mr. President and come straight to the matter at hand.” Cochrane eased his bulk onto the seat with surprising agility. “You want to pass a bill giving eight Trillion to the UN and you can’t get it through congress unless you get a hell of a lot of Republican help.” His countenance held no gloating, just the workaday expression of a man who could round up enough votes to make or break any Democrat legislation. 
The president sat at one of the ornate chairs that faced down the corridor between the two couches, not wanting to sit across from Cochrane where he would appear to be an opposing force. He leaned forward as he spoke. “Bob, you’re right,” he agreed. “I can’t move ahead without your help and, frankly, given the nature of the threat, we shouldn’t move ahead divided in any case.” Without even realizing it, he was moving into speech mode. The lyrical quality, so reassuring and promising of hope, often surfaced when he was trying to persuade and cajole. 
Bob had heard it too many times to be lulled and he cut in. “Mr. President, you propose spending a third of our GDP on a fleet that we won’t control. Even worse,” he continued in a cautionary tone, “it could one day be used against us.” He frowned. “Sir, many of my colleagues are wondering what exactly you were thinking when you made this deal in New York.”
Parnell nodded. “It’s a fair question, Bob. But have they considered the alternatives? They are aware that the projected cost is thirty-four Trillion? When has a projected military budget ever come in on target?” He sighed. “There’s just no way for us to afford that and to build anything less would be foolhardy in the extreme.” He saw that his words were having some impact and so he pushed on. “We’re contributing twenty-three percent of the total budget. The European Union is kicking in twenty-six. China is covering fifteen percent. We can’t expect the world to come together and pay for this only to watch us claim it for our own.
“The aliens won’t just come to invade the U.S., Bob, they’ll come after the whole damn planet and they’ll probably want it to themselves. This is not the time to worry about who sits in some office; it’s not the time to worry about partisan politics. We have an enemy at the gates and we need to meet them as a united species.”  He stabbed a finger at the huge man. “Can you tell the American people that no ships are currently on their way? Can you tell them that they won’t wake up tomorrow to see a fleet blocking out the sun?”
Parnell fought the urge to stand, his nerves making him want to pace the floor but it would show weakness and he couldn’t afford it. “Bob, I know you have your doubts about leaving this in the hands of a man with no military experience, but I’m the man you’ve got so you’d better learn to work with me.” 
“So we let an Illinois lawyer lead us to war?” Cochrane took a deep breath. “Mr. President, you’re the one part of this whole equation that doesn’t fit.” He was leaning forward facing to the right towards Parnell, his arms balancing his bulk. “You plan to commit us to war with an alien species and you have zero military experience.”
“I seem to recall a story about a country lawyer from Illinois who occupied the office of President and brought us through the Civil War,” Parnell said mildly. “And he had no combat experience either.”
Cochrane jumped on that as Parnell had hoped he would. “Lincoln was a captain in the Black Hawk War.” He smiled in triumph. “Perhaps the Illinois school system should do a better job teaching about local heroes.”
“Bob, I’m glad to hear I can count on your help in the school standardization bill, but we have bigger fish to fry at the moment.” Parnell kept his tone light. “Yes, Lincoln was elected a captain by his militia company and later served as a private but he saw no combat and often said as much.” He was becoming much more relaxed as he thought of his role models. 
“Congressman, I haven’t served in any military capacity aside from Commander-in-Chief, but I came to that job with the knowledge that I have to listen to the experts.” He considered for a moment and then plunged ahead. “My Dad fought in Vietnam and, when I told him I was running for the state senate, he said he should have strangled me at birth.” Though he heard nothing, he could see a silent chuckle shake the congressman’s shoulders. 
“I felt the same way about politicians when I was in the Gulf, flying missions off the Independence.” Cochrane said, his mind suddenly a lifetime away.
“Well, that was the day that I finally started to learn what my Dad went through.” Parnell wanted to drive his point home while the majority leader was in the right frame of mind. “After two decades of silence, he suddenly unloaded everything. I learned about what men can do when the rules of civilized behavior are stripped away and I learned how politicians will abandon those men if it means a few more votes.” 
“Bob, I have no military experience but this situation goes far beyond anything in human history,” he spoke calmly. “I have a staff of military experts, I have the theorists at DARPA and my job is simple: make their job possible and then get out of their way.” He leaned back in his chair. “If you plan to jeopardize our way of life for some minor political gains, then my job is to get you out of the way.”
Bob’s gaze met the president’s and locked. “Mr. President, exactly what kind of threat are you making?” His eyebrows lowered a fraction. “You’re hardly in a position to make threats or had you forgotten who holds the majority in Congress?”
Parnell held Cochrane’s gaze as he responded. “There can be no doubt that we need to build this fleet. There can be no doubt that we need to answer the threat.” He draped his arms casually on the chair, forcing a relaxed pose. “There is no telling whether a similar enemy fleet is on their way here right now. We can’t afford a single moment of delay in developing our military capabilities and that is something the American public can easily identify with. If you think you can stop us and take the reins, keep in mind that I still have another year to serve and the chances are good that we’ll be invaded by then.” He smiled wolfishly. “Do you think the people will think it’s worth the risk? If you hold up this bill, I’ll personally nail your ass to the barn door in front of the press.”
Cochrane looked uneasy, plainly inclined to wring every ounce of political leverage he could from this meeting and yet convinced that the bill was necessary. “It’s going to be a hard sell,” he said grudgingly. “Even for the twelve measly votes you need me to deliver.”
Parnell hid his surprise. So he knows we already have Gillibrand and Murkowski. “For the love of God, Bob, it’s not all doom and gloom. We’ll be providing the airship technology that makes it all possible – that should take a huge chunk of the eight Trillion and keep it right here.” He raised an eyebrow as he leaned in. “The commercial spinoffs of a thousand-ton fast freighter alone could give our economy the jumpstart it’s been needing. Let’s not forget about how much this will accelerate our fledgling extra planetary economy.
“How about I make it easier?” Parnell was acting on sudden inspiration but he knew it could work. “I’ll get Jack to set up a press conference for this afternoon where we lay it  all out - the cost, the impact on our economy of going solo, the advantages of going out to fight in Mars orbit rather than waiting here.” He grinned. “You come with me and we present this as a completely non-partisan plan. It’ll look good on you: the congressman who put his fellow man ahead of politics.”
Bob gave the tiniest of nods, his face locked into a tight ghost of a smile; his constituency encompassed Moffett Field  and all of its employees. “If you had asked me a month ago, I would never have thought to be considering something like this. Hell, if you asked me this morning, I would have said the same.” He looked over at the president. “Let’s get this over with. I'll back you for now." He stood. "I'll also be watching you. If you screw this up, I'll nail your ass to the White House door and our fellow citizens will thank me for it.
 
The Freehold Taphouse
Antioch, California
January 26th, 2026
Callum McKinnon sat with his cronies at his usual table in the back corner of the pub. He liked to keep the front door in sight and the kitchen door was just five feet to his right. It wasn’t that he expected trouble but his parents had drilled him in field craft since he was old enough to talk and old habits died hard. 
Gary and Susan McKinnon had worked for two decades with the CIA, slowly growing disillusioned with every passing year. In 1995, they quietly resigned from the agency and moved to Montana with their three year old son. Callum knew that something that year had been the final straw but they never spoke of it in his presence, nor would they even tell him where they were stationed at the time. 
They had a hard time at first; Montana was a land of proud, independent people and it was difficult for two former government employees to fit in. The fact that they didn’t hide their agency past did little to help them… in the beginning. 
The McKinnon’s set up as writers and managed to find a small publisher to carry their work. It was almost two years before a neighbor read one of their books and learned that the two former agents were staunchly against big government. Their unique perspective, looking at government from inside its seedy underbelly, really appealed to many of their neighbors and they soon found themselves fitting in.
Callum may have grown up with a mistrust of the government, but his dislike of cold weather was even stronger, and he left for California when he was nineteen. He easily found work as a carpenter, which left his mind free to ruminate on all that was wrong with the world. At the freehold, he soon found like-minded friends and they spent their evenings drinking local beer while discussing the latest atrocities passed by the government in the guise of law. 
From there, it had been an easy step for Callum to start teaching his new friends the same lessons that he had learned from his parents. He reveled in their admiration as they learned lessons usually reserved for field agents. Before long, he was surrounded by a staunch cadre of friends who could blend into any crowd, spot the alert eyes of an enemy and take their weapon with an economy of force and movement. 
Now, sitting at his usual table, he was watching the television above the bar. The story was the only news anyone cared about at the moment - the passing of a bill to help fund the new UN Fleet. “It’s bullshit,” Callum growled.
“You got that right,” Kevin Frey added. “There was never any Goddamn aliens.” He waved at Chrissie with four fingers extended. She nodded and continued on her way. “It’s like you said, Cal; just a scam to help the UN take over.” The other two members of Callum’s inner circle nodded their agreement. “Maybe it won’t pass?”
Callum shook his head, biting back a stronger response. Kevin might not be particularly astute, but he was loyal and that wasn’t something you took lightly. “They went after Congress first because that was the Republican majority,” he explained to his friends who nodded sagely. “The senate is in Democrat hands so he’s leaving it for the end. If he needs to rework the bill or deal with a poison pill, it saves time not having to mess around with a sure vote for each round.”
“Bastards,” Kevin said softly as the final tally came up on the screen. “And America agrees to pay for her own chains.” The bill had passed the vote and would now be rubber stamped by the senate. “So now my tax dollars are heading to the UN?”
Callum  chuckled at that. “Your tax dollars?” he asked with a grin. “Doesn’t the government have you listed as unemployed?”
Kevin laughed back as their two friends smiled. “Fine, my fellow Americans’ tax dollars are being sent to the UN. I’m still pissed about it.”
“Forget about the tax dollars, Kev.” Callum waited as Chrissie delivered four pewter mugs of draft. “Did you notice what Parnell said about our technological contribution?”
Kevin looked blankly at Callum. “You mean about the orbital airships?” he asked, furrowing his brow. “The ones that can lift a thousand tons into space at a time? Sounds a little unrealistic…”
“I’ve been checking up on that,” Callum answered as he leaned in, the rest following his example. “There’re a couple of consortiums that’ve been working on the idea for a few years now. It looks like most of the science has been sorted out since the start of the century, but it’s not the technical side that worries me.  An airship that can take a thousand tons into space can also drop a thousand tons of armor and troops anywhere on Earth, runway or not.” 
He let his words sink in for a few seconds. “The UN can drop a platoon of tanks anywhere they want, with supporting infantry and artillery. That’s what this is all really about.” He looked at the faces that hovered in front of them. Good, it’s finally getting through their skulls. “There’s not going to be any space fleet and you know it, just those airships and a private UN army.” He nodded to give his own words emphasis. “And where are they going to build those airships?”
 
Commencement
Turtle Bay
Manhattan, New York
January 27th, 2026
Frank looked up as Ellen walked into his office. She hadn’t quite believed his story when he’d arrived home late two weeks earlier but his dogged insistence had led her to reserve judgment. The next morning when they’d driven to the airport, she remained quiet until they approached the same spot where Frank had passed through the fence the day before. The soldiers were still there but a team of military engineers was now putting up a guardhouse and permanent gate.
“This is crazy,” she muttered quietly as an unarmed guard scanned their driver’s licenses. To the left, behind a temporary sandbag revetment stood four men holding assault rifles. To her evident amazement, they were waved through and Frank drove over to where the fighter had been parked the day before. Today’s ride would be far more comfortable.
“Hello again, sir.” The same Air Force captain was waiting for them on the tarmac as Frank climbed out of the vehicle. “Don’t worry about your bags,” he said as an airman reached inside the driver’s door to release the trunk. “Ma’am!” This with a nod to Ellen who was standing by the car, looking up at the Gulfstream corporate jet that sat where the fighter had previously parked. He looked back at Frank. “The rest of your party is already aboard, so you can take off as soon as the bags are stowed.” 
Frank nodded his thanks at the officer before turning to Ellen who was staring up at the blue, wreathed planet on the aircraft’s tail. “So,” he called out, waiting until she turned to look at him. “Still think I was out drinking with Kim yesterday?” She was still on the fence, trying to get a handle on the moment and he walked over to put an arm around her waist. “And your dad will still say I’m not good enough for you!”
She laughed and punched his shoulder, a little too hard for comfort. “Jury’s still out!” She looked back at the waiting aircraft and its guards. “This is all real, isn’t it?” She looked back at him. “The UN actually sent a jet here to pick us up because they want you to build them a fleet?” She cocked her head to the side, hesitating. “So, you made peace with them?”
“Call it a cease fire,” he answered with a shrug. “Anyway, I’ll have full run of the Secretariat so maybe I can find the guy who screwed Dad over…” As usual,  the darkness lifted quickly. He knew he wouldn’t make himself feel any better by tracking the man down and had made a promise to himself that the project would come first. However much he might hate the UN, humanity needed a way to defend itself.
“Actually, they didn’t just send a jet, this one is at my permanent disposal. I’m going to be travelling everywhere our contractors operate and we can’t afford to wait for scheduling issues with other departments.” His grin faded as he began to think about the responsibilities. if I screw this up, we lose our planet. “I’m still not convinced they got the right guy for this,” he said lamely.
Ellen moved to stand in front of him. “Who else is dumb enough to take a job this big?” She grinned. “Seriously, Frank, I’ve heard you and your dad complain a thousand times about how the military contractors are always late and over budget. You’re used to working for shareholders and they’re a hell of a lot tougher than politicians.” She reached up and put her hands on his shoulders. “I guarantee that you will be handing back at least five percent of the budget when this is done and it will be done on time.”
“Thanks babe.” He gave scooped her into a one armed hug as they moved toward the aircraft. “I hope you realize there’s going to be a lot more travel than before.” They started up a boarding stair built into the door. “You’re free to come along if you want, Sarah already has plans to visit Helsinki.” 
“Sarah?” Ellen reached the top of the ladder and followed Frank into the cabin. Kim and Sarah sat in a pair of comfy leather loungers, Kim grinning like an escaped mental patient  and Sarah smiling sympathetically at Ellen. Ivan was rooting through the galley. 
Frank dropped into the lounger opposite Kim and Ellen joined them. “You didn’t think I’d take on a job like this without an experienced designer, did you?”
Now, two weeks later, he smiled at his wife as she dropped into a chair in his office. “Finished at last?” he knew she wouldn’t have left the apartment until she’d met her latest deadline. 
She laughed. “The rotors finally work!” she declared triumphantly. Her work as a freelance CGI designer often involved pulling all-nighters to iron out some tricky detail. Never one to miss an opportunity, she liked to turn her triumphs into video tutorials on her blog. Her site quickly became a destination for those who sought to learn and it raised her profile in the design community. “You able to go for lunch today?” she asked.
Frank checked his watch. “We have three hours before we leave for Germany; I have time for something quick. How about pizza?”
“Don’t you know how to treat a girl.” Ellen rolled her eyes as she got up.
 
Red Flag Mineral Co. 
Sixty Meter Observatory 
Mauna Kea, Hawaii
January 30th, 2026
“They’re here,” Mike announced as he saw a small group of men in combat fatigues walk into the atrium of the facility. He was looking forward to handing this mess over to the Army. Watching hostile aliens wasn’t in his job description.
Pete ran his fingers over the control pad, unlocking the control room door just before they reached it. “Not a moment too soon, gentlemen. We were about to start climbing the walls in here.” He waved at the heavily bearded astronomer. “This is Dr. Mike Wilsen from Red Flag and I’m Pete McGregor from NASA.” 
A middle-aged man shook their hands. “Colonel Matt McCutcheon.” He turned towards his men, “This is Sergeant Wesley Davis, Corporal Rob Farquhar and Corporal Andrew Alexander.” The men all nodded as the introductions progressed. “Now, gentlemen, if you’ll take us through what you have so far, we’ll set up shop and you can take a couple days off.” His nostrils twitched. “I think the first thing you better show me is the ventilation controls for this room.” He grinned to take some of the sting from his words. “You boys got a serious funk going in here.” 
Mike sheepishly showed the intelligence officer how to get the air exchanger running before showing him the imagery that they had managed to capture whenever planetary alignment cooperated. He was running the colonel’s last sentence through his head and decided he didn’t like how it sounded. Take a couple of days off? Mike hadn’t planned on coming back while this crisis was still playing out. He was planning on hanging out at the beach. Maybe put in an appearance at the NASA site down the hill every afternoon; just to make sure the checks from Red Flag kept coming. 
The officer stared at the video as aliens demolished the rovers. “Wes, are you seeing this?” He looked over at his sergeant who was looking up at the screen. He nodded to himself and turned back to the screen. “They told us in the brief that hostile behavior was evident, but what did they miss?”
The sergeant snorted and shook his head. “They missed showing this to professionals; that’s what they missed,” he said with a soldier’s disdain for amateurs. “Those little bastards aren’t just destroying equipment for the fun of it.”
“Exactly,” breathed McCutcheon as he watched the screen. “Alien or not, you don’t cart ordinance halfway across the galaxy and waste it on mindless destruction.” He looked over at Mike. “Dr. Wilsen, they blew the rovers but not the storage sheds or habitats.” He cocked his head to the side. “Now what does that tell you about their intentions?”
Mike shrugged; his mind was Swiss cheese after so much time in the same room. “They want to make sure the rovers are useless?” he guessed.
The colonel nodded. “And just who are they trying to deny mobility to?”
Mike’s eyes grew wide. He felt a shiver. “They think some of our people are still alive!”
 
Turtle Bay
Manhattan, New York
February 1st, 2006
Jan pushed back from her desk, her breath escaping her lips in a tightly controlled explosion. Three weeks now, she thought angrily. Three weeks of sitting around, looking at the same videos and trying to look busy. Does anything ever get done here? She got up and walked out of the bullpen, noting that the other two scientists were absent. Not knowing what else to do in her agitated state, she decided to head down to the cafeteria and get cup of tea. 
She walked into the elevator, returning the friendly smile of the woman already in there, but Jan’s smile foundered upon the stony countenance of the man standing at the back. Unfriendly sod. She passed the ride in awkward silence and left as soon as the doors opened, turning to head for the cafeteria entrance. 
Once she had her tea and a danish, she headed for the windows where she found Dr. Hal Tudor from Vancouver and Dr. Craig Pugh from Chicago. Hal waved her over and she sat next to him. “When did you two sneak off?” she demanded with mock indignation, looking at their nearly empty coffee cups.
Hal grinned. “About twenty minutes ago. Five minutes after you stormed off in a huff, which seems,” he raised an eyebrow, “to be your favorite means of transportation lately.” His raised inflection at the end turning the statement into a rhetorical question.
Jan made a sound that was half amusement and half frustration. “I was in the WC; call of nature if you must know.” 
“And we thought you had come down here to start a food fight,” Craig added his two cents, his speech patterns heavily peppered with the Northern-Cities-Vowel-Shift that marked so many Chicago natives. “We figured we’d come down and back you up since we had nothing else going on.”
“At least we’re getting something done down here.” Hal raised his mug as an example. “I was nice and happy back at UBC enjoying the winter rains. Now I’m stuck in this freezing metropolis, and for what?” 
Craig stared at Hal in shock. “You mean it’s raining up there right now? It’s twenty degrees in the Big Onion; my wife told me we’re getting a couple of inches of snow too.”
Hal shrugged. “It’s late afternoon in British Columbia so it’s probably around five or six degrees. That’s around forty degrees in Fahrenheit,” he added, enjoying the looks on both colleagues. “We do get four or five days of snow a year, so it’s not like it’s a tropical paradise or anything. Anyway, my point was that I could drink coffee back home, so I’m not really accomplishing anything extra by being here.”
“Do you mind if I join you?” The woman from the elevator was standing by their table with a steaming mug of coffee; the unfriendly man was several paces back; looking them over. 
“Madam Secretary General?” Hal was gazing up in surprise, but at least he seemed to know who she was. “Please!” He gestured towards an empty chair.
“I had meant to look in on you earlier, but we’ve had a lot of work to do lately.” She sighed as she sat. “We’ve had to re-organize our military command structure, create a new Special Projects division with extraordinary powers and then there’s the small matter of diplomacy…” She let the last hang like a moldy fruit and smiled at the small group. “I was thinking of coming to see you when Dr. Colbert walked onto the elevator and joined me.”
Thank God I wasn’t rude to her! Jan thought. “If you knew who I was, why didn’t you say anything?”
“Hah! You didn’t see your face when you walked on the elevator.” She took a sip while Jan’s cheeks reddened. “You don’t survive as long as I have in politics unless you know when to speak and when to, as Americans like to say, keep your piehole shut.” She relaxed in her chair. “So tell me, Doctor, what has you upset?”
Does she really want the truth or is this the standard ‘pat on the head’ visit? Jan decided she had nothing to lose by telling the truth, so she jumped in with both feet. “We’re wasting our time here.” She stated, exasperation in her voice. “We’ve been over the same data a million times and we can’t see how we can do anything more than we have already.” 
She could see her two colleagues nodding and so she drove on. “We’re like an afterthought. Every few days a short video or some images show up and we look them over but we’re really just some useless appendage. For all we know, our reports are simply redundant because there are obviously other teams out there looking at this data first.”
Jess had been looking at Jan as she spoke and nodding at each point. Jan had thought she was merely being humored but the Secretary General’s response came as a surprise. “Perhaps it’s time for you to leave New York,” she mused quietly.
Jan was shocked. Sure, she wanted to go home but this was ludicrous. All she did was tell this woman the truth and now she was going to be packed off to Oxford as a malcontent? She was just about to tear into her when Jess continued.
“You’re right, of course, Dr. Colbert. We have a team at the Mauna Kea observatory and their reports hit my desk before yours do.” She swung her mug in a small circle to keep the artificial creamer mixed in. “I think it would be much better if your team was there, where you could each add your perspective to the analysis.” 
She was looking down into her coffee now watching the last vestige of white powder blend into the brown liquid. She nodded to herself before looking up at the three scientists. “How soon can you be ready to go?” 
I am so glad my mum taught me to count to five before yelling at anyone. Jan couldn’t believe how close she had come to making a complete arse of herself. 
Hal was looking out the window at the chunks of ice in the Hudson River. “Mauna Kea - that’s in Hawaii, right?” He turned his head to the Secretary General with a grin. “I can go as soon as we’re done with this conversation!”
Jess laughed. “It might not be quite so warm as you think…”
 
Moffett Field
Mountain View, California
February 10th, 2026
Chuck watched out the boardroom window as the small group walked towards the building from the Gulfstream on the corner of the tarmac. From what he had learned so far, the big guy leading the pack had been building cruise ships until a month ago. Cruise ships! Chuck thought angrily. I’ve been putting people and equipment into space my whole working life and now he’s going to sort me out? The group had stopped to talk to one of the contractors working on a frenzied extension to the facilities. The man pointed towards Chuck, indicating the building that they sought. He turned back to the room. Ed McAdam from Red Flag and Tim Harrison from Chimera were both sitting at the table, working at their laptops. Both men had been quiet since their arrival a half hour earlier.
The NASA administrator remained standing as the group filed in. Somehow, it felt like a less subservient position. He walked over and extended a hand. “Mr. Bender?” he asked.
“Frank,” the big man answered. “And this is Kim Davidoff, our chief designer.” He continued with the group. “Captain Ted Murray from DARPA, Tony Caldeira from Modular Marine and the man with all the weapons,” he said as he indicated a tall man in black fatigues, “is Herman Brecker, our new friend from the UN.” 
Brecker was unsettling to say the least. He had a Glock on a hip holster and wore a load-bearing vest that carried a series of canisters. A deadly-looking little submachine gun rested in a quick-release holster on his chest. His eyes ran over Chuck, dismissing him as a threat. After a quick scan of the room, he moved over to the edge of the window, where he could keep an eye on the aircraft as well as the entrance to the room.
“Evidently, our deaths could potentially set our work back so the UN assigned Herm here to keep us in one piece,” Frank explained with a slightly embarrassed grin. “He insists on entering a room first but it kind of starts meetings off on  the wrong foot, don’t you think?”
“It’s different, I’ll give you that,” Chuck said, as he realized he hadn’t fulfilled his side of the introductions. Pull it together, Chuck. He nodded towards Ed. “This is Ed McAdams, the CEO of Red Flag Minerals and Tim Harrison, a design engineer from Chimera.” Both men shook hands with the group before sitting back down. 
Chuck watched from the head of the table for a few seconds as Frank pulled out a laptop and Kim began setting up a small projector. “Perhaps we should start with a brief on where we’re at with the current airships?”
Frank stopped with the power adapter in his right hand and thought for a moment while his eyes drifted to Tim. “Uh, yeah sure Chuck. Good idea. Why don’t you boys take us through it while we finish setting up.”
Is this guy on drugs? He doesn’t even seem to care! “Tim, you want to take us through it?” Chuck handed over to the engineer and started to stroll over to the window, changing his mind when he realized the bodyguard was still there. Trying to make it look natural, he headed over to the end of the table again.
 “The first two airships should lift off in two weeks, the third will follow a month after that.” Tim read the facts off his screen. “Number four has run into problems due to that windstorm.” Ed chuckled and shook his head as Tim continued. “It picked up a sheet of plywood and put it right through the shed wall, taking out two supports under the starboard side; we were still checking the frame for fractures until yesterday.”
Yesterday? Chuck was surprised. The engineer had said he needed at least another week to finish. How did he get it done so fast? 
Frank nodded as a square of light appeared on Chuck’s chest. “The windstorm was a bit of good luck,” he said. “Tim, let’s get some cranes in here and start lifting the remains of number four out of there. The sooner we can reconfigure that hangar for the sub-orbital airships the better.”
This is spiraling out of control, Chuck thought with alarm. Not two minutes into the meeting and Cruise-ship-Boy was already giving out orders. “Hold on, folks,” he said, working to keep calm. “With another week of inspections, we can get number four back on track.” He looked around the room but didn’t see any overt support for his contribution. He pushed on. “We already have four months invested in that airframe; it would be a waste to abandon it now.” He could see surprise on the faces of his visitors. Good, I’ve gotten through! The feeling didn’t last.
“Four months? For a keel and six lower rib sections?” Tony blurted in genuine surprise before turning to Bender. “Frank, if I need to halt the process on the first modules, you need to tell me now. I can have the first sections rolling off the line in six weeks but my yard can’t hold many modules. Real estate is too expensive at the dockyards.”
Frank made a subtle hand gesture to the contractor, asking him for a moment as he turned to Chuck. “As you just heard, we will have modules for the first escort ready to go into space in,” he stopped for a moment and shot Tony a shrewd look before continuing, “two months.” He kept talking before Caldeira’s protest could gain momentum. “In all likelihood, Tony, the design will need a bit more tweaking before you can fire up the cutters.” He looked over to Davidoff who nodded.
“There’s a bit more work to do on pipe junctions and bulkhead placement,” Davidoff stated.  “Ted’s team wasn’t really thinking about modular construction methods when they came up with these designs, but I think we can turn Tony loose in about four weeks; Ted?”
The Air Force captain nodded thoughtfully. “Four weeks is a dependable number.” He looked over at Frank. “I might be tempted to say three but four is a safer target for the first escort.” He shrugged. “Better than aiming for three and missing the date; we’d end up having to change everyone’s targets.” 
“So we’re just going to abandon the fourth airship?” Chuck hated to waste the effort and materials. “You could be using them to move materials around and you’re going to be able to start moving the segments into orbit pretty quickly once we get the system up and running.”
Frank looked up at him for a few moments before answering. “My dad spent a lifetime in the navy and if there’s one thing he taught me it was: never reinforce failure.” He pointed past the window to where the airship hangars stood. “Those first ships can’t reach the transfer station which, by the way, is nearly ready for pre-fabrication thanks largely to our partnership with the new alliance of telecommunication companies.” 
Frank stood and walked over to the window, Herman showing obvious disapproval of his exposure. He looked out towards the hangars. “We can use the first three to move materials but we already have trains committed to that task.” He turned slowly, frowning at a new thought. “Tony, what sort of weight are we looking at per module?”
The dark-haired man pulled out his smart phone and raised an eyebrow at Kim as he nodded to the projector. Kim tapped the control pad a few times and a warbling tone followed from Tony’s phone. “Chuck, you wanna get out of the way, buddy?” The contractor grinned as Chuck looked down at the projection on his abdomen and scuttled out of the way.
A file showed up on the far wall presenting a column of module renderings with text summaries to the right of each. After a few pokes at his phone’s screen the list sorted itself by mass. “Sixty-five tons for the heaviest module.” he said, squinting up at the screen.
“So we could use the first three terrestrial airships to move segments from your yard to a transfer station outside of town where the first stage airships can land and pick them up.” Frank strolled back over to the table where he leaned on his chair, lost in thought for a moment. “We pave a huge lot, put up some large Quonset huts and run rails inside all of them that lead out to a sunken landing pad.” He took a couple of steps closer to where Kim and the DARPA officer sat. “What do you think, guys?” He was sounding excited now. “We use a roller system just like we put on the Leviathan class, kind of like what they use to handle baggage containers at airports,” he explained for the benefit of the room. 
Kim nodded thoughtfully. “Tim, you could incorporate heavy duty rollers into the deck of each class of airship? If you can, it would be a no-brainer for us to put together a transfer yard; a couple hundred acres of asphalt and some rail, and we’re ready to go.”
Tim beamed around the room. “You know, I’ve done so many crazy design projects; I never expected that anything would come of them and yet here we are - making the craziest one of all come to life.” He turned to Kim. “I was the lead designer on the orbital airship program and I can have the rollers integrated by the end of the week.” 
“Ed, you haven’t said much.” Chuck was hoping the taciturn mining executive who was bankrolling the airship project would help to put the brakes on. “You might be supporting the orbital program for obvious reasons of your own, but this essentially kills the terrestrial program.”
Ed nodded calmly. “I don’t mind paying for orbital ships,” he drawled. “Once the fleet is built, I’ll be talking with Tony here about putting my own freighters in space.” He finally looked up from his keyboard to meet Chuck’s gaze. “Some day, I’ll get my airships back, and I’ll be able to start bringing rare elements down here from the moon.” He gave Chuck his own particular version of a smile. “There’s already enough helium isotope in our recently registered claims to cover the cost.”
Why am I the only person in the room who seems surprised by what’s happening here? Chuck remembered how Ed and Tim had been quiet since their arrival that morning. He also remembered that the president had mentioned Ed carping about lunar mineral rights. Sonofabitch! He darted an involuntary glance at Bender. He made this deal already. I’m the only one who didn’t know. He looked over at the young captain who had been in the war room when Chuck was sparring with Admiral Kelly. Bender thinks I won’t play nice, so he made sure I couldn’t get in the way. 
Chuck suppressed a sigh. He had to admit, he really wasn’t making this any easier. The path had already been chosen and there was nothing left to do except get to work. He had to stop clinging to the old, bureaucratic way of doing things. Maybe I should stop trying to pick a fight. “I can have cranes in here by eight tomorrow morning,” he offered. “What can we do to start getting ready for the first-phase airships?” 
Bender raised an eyebrow in surprise, taking a moment to respond. “I see you have contractors working on enlarging the infrastructure. We need you to get someone in here to raise the roof on Hangar Four and add a hundred feet to its length.” He nodded over at Caldeira. “There’s a reason I brought this lazy bastard along today,” he said with a grin. Tony smiled back, silently mouthing his favorite obscenity before turning to Chuck.
“Fabricating the world’s largest ship in fourteen months is our current claim to fame,” the contractor began. “But we had to do exactly the same modifications to our shops that you need to make on your hangars.” He gave a Gallic shrug as he continued. “I hate paying someone else to come and do work that I can do myself so I came up with a simple hydraulic lifter that lets us cut the columns and raise a roof in a matter of hours. We have to fabricate a few more units, but we can have them here in a week.”
“Tony will get the first hangar raised,” Frank added, “and then he’ll stick around for a couple of weeks and see if he can help you to speed up construction on the first airship. He has a knack for weeding out the dead wood.”
Is that a warning? “We’d be glad to have the help,” Chuck said, hoping it would be true.
 
The Oval Office
Washington, D.C.
February 11th, 2026
“So he sure as hell did an end run on poor Chuck!” The president said to Sam as the staff filed out the hall door at the end of the briefing. 
“Tom Kelly probably had his DARPA boys warn him,” Sam replied as he leaned against one of the chairs in front of the president’s desk. “It must have worked or we would have heard from him by now.”
“So how do we make sure Red Flag keeps their mineral rights?” 
Sam considered for a moment. “The UN is obviously behind it, seeing as the Secretary General proposed it to you.” He paused again as he thought it through. “They’ll likely find a way to get equipment up there in the very near future so it will be occupied. If we can get him to carry some scientific staff for us, we can put in a territorial claim that covers his area of exploration.” He nodded to himself, finishing the thought. “It would be a lot like the claims on Antarctica,” he explained. “Our federally funded scientific teams would lend some credibility, so Ed should be willing to carry them there for us.”
“I like it,” Parnell said decisively. That’s one problem neatly dealt with. “I knew I kept you around for more than your looks!” It was an old joke between the two friends. While Parnell was pursuing his fledgling legal career, Sam had joined the navy. 
He’d been leading a boarding party in the Gulf when a jittery freighter crewman had fired a burst from an AK-47 at him. Amazingly, the only round to strike Sam had passed between his upper and lower jaw, punching out through the soft tissue of his cheek before burying itself in a crate to his side. Had he not been shouting at the time, he probably would have died.
Despite the best medical help, Sam would always carry an impressive scar. It was, in fact, his looks that had helped to persuade the voters who had been told ad nauseum that Parnell had no military background. One had only to look at the man who would serve as Chief of Staff to see that the administration would not be entirely without military experience. 
As he was ruminating on his own lack of military experience, Parnell spotted Admiral Kelly standing at the open hall door with a puzzled frown and waved the officer in. “It’s Kitzhaber,” Parnell explained the open door. “He always assumes Sam is following him out the door so it never gets closed when Sam stays behind after a staff meeting.” 
“So put a buzzer in his office that links to the door,” the Admiral suggested mildly. “Or better yet, some electrodes in his chair.”
“I checked it out with legal,” Parnell breezed, glad of some light conversation. “They tell me you can’t electrocute your employees.” He nodded to the file in the Admiral’s hand. “Those the stills you wanted to show me?” 
The Admiral nodded and laid them out on the desk as Parnell put his glasses on. “Sir, it’s pretty cut and dried; someone is still alive out there.” He pointed to the first image as Sam moved around to Kelly’s right to get a better view. “This was taken the morning of the attack.” The image showed a steep cliff-face with a large shadow roughly centered in the page.
“What exactly are we seeing here, Tom?” Parnell looked up at the Admiral.
“Sir, this shows the emergency site,” Kelly explained. “It was blasted out of the cliff-side shortly after the main habitat was operational. It was intended to shelter the colony in the event of a natural disaster that wiped out the main site.” He pulled an engineer’s drawing from the folder and spread it on the desk, revealing an isometric drawing of an inflatable habitat. “Mr. President, once the cavern is roughly to the right size and shape, this habitat is laid inside and a series of catalyst vials are cracked open. That starts a reaction, expanding a foam between the inner and outer layers of the structure.”
“The foam hardens?” Sam asked, looking down at the text beside the drawing.
Kelly nodded. “In an hour, it forms a solid structure that can stand up to most cave-ins.” He stabbed a finger at the image. “This one was built to house the entire colony for up to a year while they wait for rescue from Earth. Mary tells me it could even have taken in the miners from the Red Flag site as long as they were careful about their resources.”
Parnell pulled the second image from under the drawing, looking at it as Kelly folded the large sheet and laid it aside. “So there’s tracks here,” he mused as he set it back on the desk. “When was this taken?” 
“Within an hour of the attack,” the Admiral replied. “Only one set of tire tracks and a scattering of footprints just outside the cave entrance. Looks like they drove the one missing rover into the mouth of the cave and someone came out for a quick last look before going inside.”
“How many people?” Parnell took his glasses off and looked up at Kelly.
“With one rover?” Kelly shrugged. “Mary figures six at the most. The rest are either dead or captured.” 
“What about,” Parnell paused while he checked a list on his desk, “Jennifer Grayson?” Her particular story was known only to a handful of people on Earth.
Kelly shook his head. “All we know is that a maximum of six colonists survived. Considering that we started out with almost thirty people, the chances are roughly twenty percent for any given individual.” He sighed. “The odds are against her.”
Parnell sat back and looked at the images absently for a few moments. He looked up at the two men in front of him. “So, there’s no question that we need to use this information to light a fire under the nay-sayers. Now we just have to decide on when.”
“There’s something else to consider, sir,” Kelly added. “Our current plans don’t allow for landing troops on the planet surface. We were planning on the bombardment of alien sites once we achieve orbital superiority.” He gestured towards the photographs on the desk. “There can be no doubt about the need to land forces and pick up our people.” 
“Admiral Kelly’s right.” Sam’s tone brooked no disagreement. “We need to set up a meeting with the UN, the DARPA designers and the major military contributors. We need landing craft as well as air cover, not to mention troops for a planetary insertion.”
“Space Marines?” Parnell raised an eyebrow.
Both men on the other side of the desk rolled their eyes in horror. It was Sam who responded. “I swear to God, Nate, if you ever use that term in public, Bob Cochrane will be in here within the week, measuring for new curtains.” 
Parnell was properly abashed; Sam almost never called him by his first name anymore. Especially not in front of others. “Okay, you guys come up with a name.” He focused now on Sam. “Get the major stakeholders lined up for a meeting at  the UN and make sure my schedule is cleared.” 
Both men nodded and left, Sam closing the door behind him.
 
Willy’s Liquor and Convenience
Santa Cruz, California
February 11th, 2026
“There he is,” Callum broke the silence of the last twenty minutes as he watched a vehicle pull into the lot in front of the store. With a quick look to ensure Kevin was awake, Callum stepped out of his car and entered the store ahead of his target. It had taken a little over an hour to identify the owner of the contractor who had the expansion job at Moffett Field. Two weeks more had identified his major habits and the liquor store was identified as the best location for a carefully scripted chance meeting. 
Callum headed straight for the premium whiskey and selected a twelve-year-old bottle - good but not prohibitively expensive, just what a tradesman might look for if he had taste but not the means to go for the really good stuff. He looked up as his target approached and gave him a friendly nod.
“Celebrating?” the man asked, noting the bottle in Callum’s hands.
Callum smiled and cocked his head to the side as if considering his response. “You might say that,” he responded. “You could say I survived a crisis of conscience.” He grinned, knowing it would hook the man.
“That sounds like it has a hell of a story behind it.” The big man’s statement ended with an inquisitive inflection as he turned to pull out a bottle of his customary fifty-year-old scotch.
Callum shrugged. “It wouldn’t be right to name names,” he said with an air of casual dignity. “Suffice it to say, some contractors like to take shortcuts and I don’t want to be associated with shoddy work, so now I find myself slightly under-employed.” 
He had the man’s full attention now. He looked at Callum, from his well-used steel-toe boots to his slightly scruffy but still presentable work clothes. “What kind of qualifications do you have?” the man asked with a friendly smile.
 Callum gave an approving nod towards the man’s choice in whiskey as he answered. “Journeyman carpenter,” he said. “I have a welding ticket as well.” 
The man was obviously impressed. “I happen to have some openings right now and I need to fill them right away,” he said as he pulled out his phone. “Mind if I look you up?”
Callum feigned a grin of surprised delight. “Not at all! Callum McKinnon.” He waited as the man brought up his credentials from the contractor’s registry, seeing his approving nod. “Did you say you have a few openings?” he asked, knowing full well that the contractor had lost four men in an incident at one of the local bars the previous night. Thanks to some willing help from Callum’s young followers, the four men had been provoked into a disturbance big enough to land them in jail. Given the clearance required for Moffett Field, it was unlikely that they would ever be coming back to the jobsite.
“I do need a few extra employees, as it turns out,” the man replied, raising an inquisitive eyebrow. “You have some pals with experience?”
Callum fed him the names of three more of his cronies, the ones who had legitimate qualifications, and watched as he confirmed them on his phone. “Name’s Lance Bryson, by the way,” the contractor said as he looked up from the screen. “Can you wait a couple of days to start? I have to get you all cleared for access to Moffett.” 
Callum nodded. “Sure, Lance,” he said cheerfully, putting the twelve-year-old bottle back on the shelf and reaching for something a little more expensive. “I think my friends and I need to upgrade our celebration!” 
Lance laughed as he walked to the counter with Callum, completely unaware that he had just agreed to insert a team of very dangerous and unpredictable men into a secure facility. 
 
Red Flag Mineral Co. 
Sixty Meter Observatory 
Mauna Kea, Hawaii
February 15th, 2026
Mike was out in the vestibule with Sergeant Davis when the new arrivals walked in. All private research partnerships had been temporarily suspended as the massive telescope became Humanity’s primary intelligence source for alien activity on Mars. As a result, the cavernous central vestibule, designed to accommodate large groups of academics and tourists, had been given over to the team responsible for collecting, analyzing and disseminating data about the enemy.
Despite his best efforts, Mike had been rolled into the fabric of the growing team. His earlier hopes that the military would completely take over had come true but they had shown no interest in letting him leave. If nothing else, his technical knowledge of how the massive telescope array worked made him indispensable. Even though Franka had the same knowledge, Mike’s education had uniquely prepared him for familiarizing the military with the environment on Mars as well as the mining activity that they were now seeing from the enemy. For the first time in his life, Mike found that he was really good at something.
He was actually enjoying it.
The shift in usage from ‘alien’ to ‘enemy’ happened the day Colonel McCutcheon and his advance team had arrived. As soon as it became clear that the aliens were not friendly, the language had shifted immediately. Mike suspected that the men in green were far more comfortable wrapping their heads around the situation now that they could talk in terms of enemy intentions and capabilities. Their attempts to apply a logical framework to the enemy activity had gone a long way towards explaining the data that was flowing in whenever planetary alignment allowed observation.
The newly arrived team of three specialists from the UN were standing just inside the door where they shivered in shorts and t-shirts. The woman on the right was far more attractive than Mike had expected and his hand unconsciously reached to his six-week-old beard.  That has to be Colbert, he thought. From the email, I was expecting some old bat in tweed. “Dr. Colbert?” he asked. Seeing a nod, he introduced himself. “I’m Dr. Mike Wilsen from Red Flag Minerals.” He nodded over at Davis. “This is Sergeant Wes Davis.” 
“And I’m Pete McGregor from NASA,” the engineer had appeared behind Mike as if by magic and he reached out to shake Colbert’s hand. “Welcome to the 60’s!”
The soldiers had been the ones to start referring to the location as the 60’s in honor of the telescope’s famed diameter. They had reinforced the idea by playing music from the 60’s on one of their laptops, and Mike had to admit that it did make the place a little less clinical. Now, however, he was watching as the three newcomers failed to make the connection. Perhaps it would have helped if the music was playing at the moment, but it was after ten in the evening and so the tunes were off for the night. “Just an inside joke,” he explained. “We don’t get out much.” 
Colbert smiled and turned to her colleagues. “This is Dr. Craig Pugh from Northwestern, Chicago and Dr. Hal Tudor from the University of British Columbia, Vancouver.” A second round of handshakes ensued. 
With the pleasantries out of the way, Tudor nodded at the meeting rooms on the far side where bunks had replaced the boardroom furniture. “Are any of those not claimed?” he asked. “I can’t speak for Jan or Craig, but I sure as hell didn’t sleep on the flight here.”
Mike explained the accommodations as well as the washing facilities set up by the military. McCutcheon had brought in a forty-foot sea container with a male washroom built into one end and a female unit at the other. They were simple but efficient, and a team of combat engineers had constructed an enclosed area that connected the container to the facility so that staff wouldn’t need to walk through the cold weather of the mountain-top to have a shower. The enclosure also served as a ready room for a small security force that had arrived a couple of days ago.
Mike and Pete watched the three newcomers shuffle off to drop their gear. “I think I’ll go shave this beard off,” Peter said casually. Mike looked over at him with amusement. Davis frowned. “It itches,” the engineer said defensively. “Doesn’t your beard itch?”
“Like it itched yesterday when you saw that hot tour guide at the Onikuza Center?” Mike countered. “Wes warned us about this. When you spend a lot of time in the field, you start obsessing about the opposite sex. We agreed to help keep each other from making asses out of ourselves.” 
“She was smiling at me.”
Wes was glowering at them both in silent reproach.
“She’s a tour guide; she smiles for a living.” Mike shook his head. Pete would hit on a shark if he thought it was smiling at him. “I’m starting to think you’re not fully acclimatized. The altitude is clouding your ability to reason.” He turned to Davis. “Wes, he’s already forgetting about our pact. Maybe we need to put him back on anhydrase inhibitors.”
 “Are you saying,” the sergeant began as he glared at them, “that you went for coffee at the Onikuza Center without me?”
 
Turtle Bay
Manhattan, New York
February 22nd, 2026
Jess had a sip of rooibos, smiling at the approving nod from Zhu An, the UN Ambassador from the People’s Republic of China. She wasn’t sure if he truly approved of the South African tea or if he was simply being polite but he had been offered a variety of choices and he’d decided to have whatever she was having. 
One cup sat steaming on the low coffee table. One more candidate to meet.
Jess knew his history.
China’s relatively new blue-water navy had come to blows with an American carrier group near the coast of Taiwan a few years earlier and most sources indicated that a frigate captain by the name of Gao Hu had fired the first shots of what had almost become a full-out battle. It had been a decision by the American Admiral to pull ships back from the center of conflict that tipped the balance back towards a ceasefire. Captain Gao was something of a hero in China, quietly celebrated in naval and civilian circles.
Publicly, the entire incident was regrettable but Gao soon found he was recognized by his countrymen wherever he went.
The door opened and Tom escorted the captain into the room. Jess and Ambassador Zhu welcomed the man and he sat, taking a sip of the proffered tea. Jess noticed a slight raise of the eyebrows as he processed the flavor. “Rooibos,” he said with a nod. “I developed a fondness for it in my college days.” His English was flawless, just a slight hint of the New England twang. 
“I’m glad you like it, Captain,” Jess replied. “What made you select Harvard?”
The man smiled. “I could have studied engineering at any number of excellent schools in my homeland, but my father was always of the opinion that an education should be as thorough as possible.” He grinned at the ambassador’s frown as he went on. “By that, I mean that it would be a better experience if I were to learn a new culture and language as well.” He turned back to Jess. “Engineering can be a restrictive discipline,” he said. “By forcing myself to learn a new language I found that I became more creative.” He grinned again as he continued. “Studies here in America have shown that creativity is measurably reduced by the time a student graduates from an engineering program.” 
“And you have found the secret to preserving that creativity?” Jess couldn’t help but like this personable officer despite the warnings from Parnell’s advisors.
He shrugged. “It certainly didn’t hurt,” he said simply. “So I suppose you brought me here because of what happened in the South China Sea?”
Jess took another drink of tea before responding. “Do you regret your role in the engagement, Captain?” she asked mildly.
“I miss the ability to walk the streets of Ningbo in privacy but I stand by the decisions that I’ve made.  I had my standing orders and a captain’s prerogative to interpret and apply those orders as I saw fit.” He appeared to be completely at ease, despite discussing how close the world had come to disaster.
It’s not as if he was the sole cause of the conflict,  Jess mused. He was, after all, in the South China Sea. At most, he was a hundred fifty kilometers from his own coastline facing a fleet from the other side of the Pacific. How long would an American Captain hold fire if the roles were reversed? It wasn’t lost on her that he had referenced his orders but had followed by stating firmly that it was his own decision. This was a man who took responsibility for his own actions; more importantly, he was a man who took action. He knew he was engaging an enemy with over a century of experience fighting against some of the best navies the world had seen. He opened fire anyway.
This was a man who wouldn’t shrink from a fight, no matter who the enemy was. She looked over to Ambassador Zhu and saw a slight smile in the corners of his eyes. His superiors would not object to this appointment. She turned back to Gao. “Captain Gao, your government has sent you here today for a job interview.” She paused to let that sink in, seeing the frown spread on his face. 
Gao had been promoted from a frigate commander to captain of a carrier only nine months earlier and he was reluctant to lose his beautiful new ship so soon. “Madam Secretary, I’m afraid you have me at a disadvantage.” His gaze swung to Zhu but found no answers in the man’s smile. “Perhaps you could tell me about this job?”
Jess leaned forward in her chair. “You know about the ships that we are building?” As Gao nodded, she continued. “That means there are three entire fleets in need of a full complement of crews and officers.”
Gao was surprised to say the least. If he was to lose his carrier, a space-ship might just compensate for it. He could just imagine his father’s face when he heard the news. “I am being considered as the captain of one of these new ships?” he asked, his blood coursing as the idea lodged firmly in his mind. He realized now that some senior officers would come from his country. There had been two admirals and two other captains waiting before him for this meeting.
“No,” Jess responded with a smile. “Though your navy will be providing us with complements for quite a few ships, we have something else in mind for you.” She stood. “Ambassador, I believe we are in agreement. Would you care to do the honors?”
Zhu stood and Gao, still smarting from his dashed hopes, came to his feet to face his country’s representative, keeping his turbulent thoughts from showing on his face. “Captain Gao,” Zhu began, beaming with pleasure.  “I have been authorized to promote you to the rank of Hai Jun Da Xiao.” He pumped Gao’s hand enthusiastically. 
Jess smiled as she shook his hand. “Congratulations, Rear Admiral!”  She looked over at the ambassador and they exchanged a nod. “We have a meeting in two hours that I think you should sit in on, in your official capacity as second in command of the response fleet.” She guided him towards the door where Tom waited. “Tom will show you to a room where you can look through the technical details of your new command; you will have direct command of one of the carrier groups and you will be second only to the overall commander.”  She and the ambassador continued down the hall, leaving Gao in a state of euphoric shock.
 
Midtown East
Manhattan, New York
February 22nd , 2026
"It sounds crazy.” Parnell gazed out the armored windows of the limo at the pedestrians who ignored his motorcade. In most other cities, a motorcade like this would garner attention and press but the denizens of this part of Manhattan were more or less immune to the sight of yet another self-important functionary being whisked in from the airport.
“Probably because it is crazy,” Sam replied, his face showing his opinion of the designers at DARPA. “Jack, would you climb into one of these capsules and drop onto an alien world with four days of water?” 
“My mom always told me that I should take at least ten days of water if I was going to drop onto a hostile planet, and to make sure I took a warm sweater,” Kitzhaber muttered as he looked through the papers in his valise. He looked up at Sam. “You’re the big war hero,” he accused. “Would you climb into one of those things?”
“If I was still in my twenties maybe.” Sam grinned back. “Fighting is a young man’s game,” he explained. “The longer you stay in it, the more you start to realize how mortal you are.” He tapped his cheek. “Getting shot in the face has a way of knocking sense into a man.”
“So, how soon after the three carrier groups are finished do we wait before starting on our own fleet?” Parnell cut in. “If we don’t try to match the UN in space, we’re in trouble, but we don’t want to risk being too obvious.”
Jack seemed to have put some thought into that very question and he jumped in immediately. “I think we should be completely obvious,” he began. “We come out with something like what if the current forces in space are not enough? We should be building up our own capabilities anyhow, just in case the UN defensive fleet is overwhelmed while the response fleet is off fighting around Mars. Anyway, who the hell would want to trust the UN to protect them?”
He looked at the two men sitting across from him, seeing that they weren’t quite convinced. “Look, people expect us to have secret programs and hidden agendas for world domination.” He paused for a moment as a wry smile toyed with the corners of his mouth. “For all I know, you probably do but it’s not the kind of thing you tell your press secretary about.” The three men shared a laugh. “Anyway, if we do this openly, it draws the teeth of the conspiracy theorists.”
The vehicle pulled off 1st Avenue, coming to a stop at the portico of the Secretariat building where the men were ushered inside by Secret Service agents. Once inside, they headed straight for the elevators, riding to the 38th floor. When the doors opened, an aide was there waiting to conduct them to the Secretary General’s office. He frowned momentarily at the two armed agents flanking Parnell before leading the group down the hall where he opened the doors and announced them. 
Parnell made the rounds, greeting the assembled ambassadors who represented the major contributors. He reached the small group of military officers and shook hands with Admiral Towers, the commander of the response fleet. “Any relation to John Henry?” the president asked.
“Sixth generation, Sir, but yes I am.” Towers looked pleased to have his famous ancestor brought up by his president. In all likelihood, Parnell knew more about John Henry Towers than his descendant did. Jack had briefed the president on the admiral’s background during the flight down from Washington. 
“Fitting, don’t you think?” Parnell asked the man. “John Henry was the first aviator to reach flag rank and now his descendant will command the first carrier task force in space.” Tower’s eyebrows raised in surprise at the knowledge displayed by a man he tended to think of as a civilian. A surprised murmur ran through the small group of officers as they absorbed the generational connection. 
“Not that he was chosen because of that,” the president added with a grin. “It was purely a matter of dedication and stellar performance!” He was rewarded with a few chuckles and a couple of outright groans at this obviously lame attempt at humor. He saw one Chinese officer in the group and knew what that meant. From the briefing photos, he knew the faces of the three officers on the short list and this man would have been his own first choice, despite Sam’s misgivings. He extended a hand. “Admiral Gao?”
Gao shook his hand. “Pleased to meet you, Mr. President.”
Parnell was momentarily surprised by the man’s flawless New England accent, even though he had read about his time in Boston. “Strange old world isn’t it?” he asked. “A few years ago, the so-called experts said we would be at each other’s throats by now and yet, here we are, building an integrated military structure.”
Gao nodded. “When two groups do as much business with each other as we do, quarrels happen,” he said simply as Ambassador Zhu drifted over. “We have been shown that there are more important things to worry about but, if we defeat the new enemy, how long will we remember that it was done together?” He looked at his brother officers, seeing solemn agreement on their faces.
It was always the curse of those who served in uniform. People forgot the human cost of conflict far too easily. “My people have a saying that was meant to apply to money but it has truth for this situation as well,” Gao said. “Wealth does not pass three generations.”
“We have that as well,” said Towers in surprise. “Except we say shirtsleeves to shirtsleeves in three generations. I suppose it’s universal.”
“Perhaps that’s why our alien friends have decided to attack us?” Parnell mused. “They may have had peace for a few generations and now they’ve come looking for conquest and adventure.” He grinned at the officers. “Perhaps when we finish with them on Mars, we should pay them a visit on their own home world. Just to remind us that we have better things to do than kill each other.” 
The projection screen came on and Jess stepped to the back of her seat. “Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming. Shall we begin with a presentation of our current progress?” Her question was politely rhetorical and the attendees moved to their seats as a complicated Gantt chart appeared on the screen. “For those of you who haven’t met him yet, Frank Bender is our project manager,” she said as she sat. Bender nodded absently at the assembled dignitaries as he leaned forward. He activated his tablet, causing the main screen to display the latest progress report. 
“We have the first escort module scheduled to come off the line in Portugal in roughly four weeks,” said the big man. “The first two heavy-lift airships will launch the end of this week and the third will be a month later. We’ll get them busy moving raw materials and weapons to the transfer yard and shift them over to module pickups as needed.” 
He opened one of the progress bars on the screen and a sub-chart popped up. “The two airship models needed  to get all this into orbit will take roughly three months before the first set are operational.” He switched the display to a split screen showing company profiles. “Four companies are currently under contract to provide airships and we are looking for more but, frankly, there just aren’t that many airship manufacturers out there that can even begin to imagine what we need.” 
“How many airships do you really need?” asked the German Ambassador. He knew the staff at Zeppelin would like to know what to expect.
Frank brought up a spreadsheet. “Sorry I didn’t have time to tidy this up,” he said as he scrolled over to the left. “We’ve calculated that we need to do just a little over a thousand lifts for each carrier group.” He typed in a ‘5’ in one cell and a ‘4’ beneath it before putting a quick formula below the two numbers, referencing them as well as the total module per fleet estimate. 
“If each company builds one set of airships,” he said as he hit the enter key. “We would need two thousand three hundred and seventy days to lift one fleet into orbit. That’s based on a nine day round trip for each pair of airships. This is definitely our current bottleneck.” 
There were a few sounds of dismay at this revelation but most simply looked at Frank with grim determination. They realized they were hearing the worst case scenario. Parnell turned from the screen to face Bender. “Frank, how many sets of airships do you feel we need?”
Frank’s fingers tapped the pad, overwriting the number ‘4’ to a ‘40’ as he spoke. “If we want the first fleet lifted within a year, we need forty operational pairs. That’s forty ships to reach the transfer stations at a forty-kilometer altitude and forty to go from there to Low-Earth-Orbit.” He paused for a moment as if considering whether to reveal bad news and then resumed speaking. “Keep in mind that we will only have eight operational pairs by mid-summer. In all likelihood, we won’t have three fleets lifted and assembled for another three and a half years.”
He sat back as the room erupted in turmoil. After a few moments of frenzied side discussion and shouted argument, Jess reigned in the chaos. “Ladies and gentlemen,” she began forcefully from the head of the table. “I believe the first question we should answer at this point is how to employ the first fleet: should we launch a strike at Mars as soon as we have sufficient force or should we wait until all three carrier groups are operational?” 
She watched as Parnell held back from the general argument that ensued. When it became clear that the same arguments were now being chewed over for a third time, she took control back. “You have been very quiet on this matter, Mr. President. Perhaps the United States would like to weigh in on the subject?”
Parnell smiled at Jess as he replied. “I’m not much of a fighter except where votes are concerned,” he said to a few chuckles from around the table. “But we have proven, professional fighters here with us.” He indicated the small group of senior officers who sat at the table with their respective ambassadors. “It would be foolish in the extreme for politicians to decide on this matter without seeking their advice. Admiral?” He turned to face Powers.
The anger that had been building on the officer’s face began to fade as he realized that disaster might yet be averted. “What is our first priority?” he demanded as he glared around the room. 
“Driving the aliens away from Mars, I should think,” replied the British ambassador. Most of the representatives nodded in agreement.
“Protecting Earth,” said Gao.
“Exactly,” Powers cocked an eyebrow at the Brit. “Won’t do us a damn bit of good to go racing off to Mars if a second alien force shows up here and starts slinging asteroids at our cities.” He leaned forward and poked a finger at the table. “We keep one fleet here in orbit from now on,” he stated forcefully. “One foot on the ground at all times or we fall down.” Leaning back, he gave a curt nod to Gao who inclined his head slightly in return.
“I don’t think there can be any disagreement with the points as put forward by our fleet commanders,” Jess said. “Our next order of business should be to determine just how quickly we will have the means to fight in our own backyard. Frank?” 
Bender must not have expected to be dragged back into the discussion because it took him a moment to frame an answer. “We plan to have the modules for two frigates and a cruiser lifted into orbit by early December of this year. The first frigate will start going up in July and will be operational by early October, the following two ships will be ready in January and March of next year.” 
“So we can start putting up a fight in eight months?” Towers asked. He looked over at Gao. “There might just be hope for us after all.” 
“Shouldn’t we address the elephant in the room?” The German ambassador rose from his chair and walked over to a large wall screen where images of the enemy facility were displayed.
“Only one elephant?” A French officer raised an eloquent eyebrow. “Quelle chance! This is a relief…” A low chuckle ran around the table.
A nod from the German. “Just so. I pick one from the herd, but it has been nagging at me.” He waved at the screen. “Why come all the way to our solar system and attack Mars? Why not come straight to Earth?”
“An advance base, perhaps?” A British captain suggested.
“But their ships should be base enough,” Towers grumbled. “We have nothing in orbit that can even scratch their paint.”
“Taking orbit is one thing,” Gao asserted, “Taking the planet, against billions of citizens, is quite another.”
Towers nodded in acknowledgement. He opened his mouth to speak but was cut off.
“Insufficient force.” Frank said bitterly. He looked around the room. “A document from this building listed three reasons for the failure of my father’s mission and his eventual death. The first was insufficient force, the second was restrictive mission parameters and the third was overextension.”
He nodded to the screen on the wall. “They may well be working to overcome restrictions placed on them by an incompetent administration.” He couldn’t stay seated any longer. He got up and joined the German, looking at the screen. 
“Our admirals are both right,” he said quietly. “They can take orbit, but I’ll bet you anything they can’t take the surface with the troops they were given. Otherwise they’d come straight at us.”
The British ambassador let out a strangled laugh of disbelief. “You really think a civilization that can cross the stars would send an inadequate force?”
“Absolutely,” Frank replied with complete conviction. “The more technically advanced a civilization, the less effective it’s government.” He turned to face the room. “When dad was posted to the South Pacific, I saw tribes where a headman ran the whole show. Every problem was resolved quickly or he got replaced.
“How much deadwood do you think we have in the U.S. government?” He looked at the President.
Parnell nodded. “No argument there. We have a ton of overlapping programs and competing agencies, but we’re working on it.” 
Since the launch of the fleet building program, the American government had become the administrative equivalent of a liposuction patient. Programs had been slashed left and right, and many agencies were little more than collapsing shells.
Frank sighed. “When we add a new layer to that,” he waved to indicate the building they sat in, “it certainly doesn’t alleviate the problem.” He nodded over his shoulder at the screen. “Just imagine what those poor bastards must have to put up with.”
Turbulence
St. Peter’s Square
Vatican City, Rome
March 9th, 2026
Märti Bohren waited by the obelisk in the center of the square as the crowd slowly drifted past. The faces in the crowd ran the gamut from reassured to troubled to outright furious. Small wonder,  thought Märti. They came expecting easy answers and got none. The Pope had spoken about the aliens for the first time and many had expected today’s address to fit them into the church’s framework. 
The only specific detail had been an acknowledgement of the aliens as God’s children but that had done little to mollify a flock whose faith had been shaken to learn Humanity was not alone in the universe. Some of the crowd walked by lost in solitary reflection, while others passed the obelisk in small knots of raised voices and angry gesticulation.
Märti smiled as the crowd thinned and he saw his brother, Theisli, approaching with a broad grin. He hadn’t seen his brother since four years ago, when the family was seeing the younger Bohren off to his training for the Swiss Guard. Märti had tried to convince his brother to remain in the army but Theisli had always dreamed of serving in the world’s oldest military unit and so he had left their native Graubünden for what he had thought would be a two-year stint. 
Now, four years later, Theisli approached his brother wearing a dark suit rather than the brightly-colored uniform that the Guard was known for. “Hello, Hauptman Bohren!” Theisli wrapped his brother in a fierce hug before stepping back to look him over. They were the same rank, though in vastly different units.
“Hello yourself, Hauptman Bohren!” Märti reached out and gave his younger sibling a light push just above the pistol he wore beneath his suit jacket. “Should I be extra polite while you’re wearing that thing?” 
Theisli grinned. “I’m on duty,” he explained. “It’s not like I’m some glorified militia captain, you know!”
“And where would my little brother get his men from if not for glorified militia captains like me?” Märti demanded good naturedly. “Speaking of which, how are Jeurgen and Lukas doing?” The two men, former conscripts in Märti’s unit, had been sworn into the ranks of the Swiss Guard the previous May.
“They’re doing well,” Theisli said after pausing briefly to place the two names. “Lukas thinks he may stay beyond the first two years. Both would love a chance to talk with you, I’m sure. Why don’t you come to the barracks with me?”
The two brothers headed off for the north side of the square. “So what’s the big news that you had to tell me in person?” Theisli asked. “Not that I’m complaining, you understand!” he quickly amended as he waved his brother to a huge crenellated gatehouse. “ I hope it’s good news?”
“It’s interesting news,” began Märti guardedly. “Some good, some not so much, I suppose.” He followed Theisli into a long narrow courtyard where a small girl chased her ball, her father may well have served under me at some point. Thought Märti. He returned his thoughts to the topic that brought him here, seeking the right way to frame his news. They walked through a door leading from the courtyard and soon found a lounge where several men were enjoying their off-duty time. 
“Hauptman Bohren!” A young man bounded off a sofa, bringing his body to rigid attention in his surprise. 
Märti did likewise, releasing the young guard from his un-uniformed salute before extending his hand. “Hello, Lukas. My brother tells me you’re doing well despite bad lessons learned from previous officers!” 
Jeurgen was fetched and the four men engaged in the usual happy but slightly uncomfortable small talk that occurs whenever non-coms run into their old officers. Old exploits and mishaps were duly trotted out and re-told to the amusement of the men in the lounge. Finally the topic turned back to the reason for Märti’s visit.
The men waited expectantly as Märti chose his words. “As you know, a fleet is being built in space to protect us against our new neighbors on Mars,” he began, noticing the wide eyes that now regarded him with growing excitement. “As Switzerland has no navy to speak of, we will not be providing any ship crews but we are keen nonetheless to provide some military assistance to the fight and our financial contribution entitles us to an active role.” He paused. This was why he had to come in person. He was not entirely happy with his news.
“So what will you be doing?” Theisli asked guardedly, alerted by his brother’s obvious discomfort in relating this story and his need to tell him in person. It indicated momentous news but it seemed to have a few thorns in it as well.
Märti took a deep breath. “We will be keeping the current class of conscripts beyond their term of service and training them for combat duty on the surface of Mars and for ship-board defense.” He looked up at his brother. “Since we will not have our own ships, we will be integrated with the forces carried by the Hermann. Our conscripts will be selected from the German-speaking cantons ” He waited for the implications to sink in. He knew what was coming and he was ready for it.
“You’re going to work for the Germans?” his brother blurted. “Does the UN just assume that we can understand their gibberish?” The two young guardsmen were equally shocked. Since the treaty of Westphalia, the two peoples had gone their separate ways and, though Swiss German was vaguely similar to what was spoken in Germany, they had little else in common. 
Still, most Swiss German speakers could converse in regular German, if necessary.
“You’re one to talk,” Märti responded with a grin. “Have you forgotten where the Holy Father comes from?” He could see from the faces of his two former men that they hadn’t given the matter much thought but his brother was unmoved. 
“That’s different,” he responded with an easy confidence that Märti had not expected. “He took a new name and citizenship when he became the head of this state.” The younger brother waved a hand to indicate his surroundings as he spoke. 
“Speaking of your head of state,” Märti changed the subject rather than argue. “The crowd seemed less than pleased about today’s address.”
“We expected as much,” Theisli said. “That’s why we had so many men in the crowd today.” He shook his head. “Too many people come here looking for a specific answer and when they don’t get it…” He spread his hands. “With the kind of questions that plague mankind nowadays, emotions are running higher than usual, and it may only be a matter of time before some lunatic smuggles in a weapon or tries to incite a riot.”
“Maybe this is no different than when Europeans started showing up in Asia,” Lukas mused. He noticed the questioning looks from the others and, slightly embarrassed, hastened to explain. “Sure they tended to get exploited but look at them now,” he said. “India got rid of the British, then the French were polite enough to leave when asked.” He grinned. “When the Portuguese refused to go, they were driven out by the Indian military.” 
“So what are you trying to say, Lukas?” There might be something to this, Märti thought.
Lukas thought for a moment, frowning at Märti’s shoes. “What if the Brits tried to invade India now?” he asked, looking up at the men around him. “The Indian military would either take them on, toe to toe or they would fall back and just nuke them, right?” 
“So,” Theisli began slowly, “you’re saying they got invaded but they came through it strong enough to hold their own.” His gaze was far away as he thought. “What was the name of that American Commodore who sailed his fleet into a Japanese port and forced them to open up to trade with the West?” This was directed at his brother, who loved to study historical interactions between cultures.
“Perry,” Märti answered. “The Japanese called them the Black Ships in memory of the old Portuguese carracks in the 16th century; they used to paint their hulls with pitch. They were really the first to open trade with Japan. The Japanese did OK in the long run. They damn near captured the whole Western Pacific in the Second World War. When that didn’t pan out, they almost bought their enemies in the eighties.”
Jeurgen laughed. “So the best course of action is to wait here for the aliens?” He grinned wolfishly. “We play like nice little colonial subjects and then when their guard is down, we rob them blind?”
Maybe we should, Märti thought. For all we know, their capabilities could be far greater than anyone assumes. He felt a chill run down his spine as the other men laughed. We could be biting off more than we can chew.
 
Moffett Field
Mountain View, California
March 11th, 2026
Callum gazed up at the ingenious lifting rigs crawling their way up the columns of shed number three. It was the last of the massive airship hangars to have its roof raised and the final terrestrial airship had left for duty from this very building only two days prior. Callum had considered destroying those vessels before they could launch but the work being done to shed number four had convinced him that a bigger target of opportunity was about to present itself. Already, the keels of three massive airships had been laid and they were almost twice the size of the originals.
“Salmon again?” 
Callum turned to see his employer, Lance, and looked down at the sandwich in his hand, nodding. “When I get a taste for something, I tend to eat it for a few days in a row,” he responded. “I like to stick with things when they’re going well. Bet there’s some real money in that kind of work,” he said waving his sandwich at the hydraulic units that would not only support the columns while they were being cut but also lift them so that inserts could be welded in place to make room for the huge new airframes. The work was being done by a European company. 
“No kidding.” Lance sounded wistful as he surveyed the busy site. His eyes settled on a figure, picking its way through the debris to the west of the building. “Shit!” He grabbed Callum’s shoulder. “Cal, you haven’t seen me at all today, got it?” He didn’t wait for an answer. He ducked into the three-story structure that his crew was framing as offices for the hangar and slipped out another door on the eastern side. 
Callum was watching him disappear into the offices of hangar number-two when he became aware of approaching footsteps. He turned to see one of the contract security guards who had been hired to patrol the site. In accordance with the tradition of such things, she seemed to spend most of her time sitting in her car watching movies on her netbook. 
She was a relatively pretty young woman and Cal knew that if she were working at a trendy restaurant where beauty was expected, she would no doubt have done very well on tips. Expectation is more than half the battle. One of his parents’ endless lessons suddenly surfaced. It was one he had taken to heart as a child. Once his teachers had come to expect good grades from him, he had been able to slack off just a bit and still maintain his good average. He frowned now. She seemed to be coming straight for him.
“Have you seen Lance?” She smiled in a dreamy sort of way.
You gotta be kidding me. Callum had heard stories from some of Lance’s other employees. He possessed decent looks and a natural charm that never failed to work miracles with his sub-contractors. It wasn’t much of a stretch to see what that combination could mean when it came to women. Callum toyed with the idea of sending her over to hangar two but dismissed it. Though it might amuse him to rat Lance out, he didn’t want them causing a public fuss that might get them kicked off the job.
Especially now that he was forming a plan.
“I think he went to check on a job in Oakland,” Callum said, watching her frown. “Do you want me to pass a message for you?”
She considered for a moment and, to Cal’s relief, shook her head. “I’ll just try his cell,” she said as she pulled out her phone and slowly strolled away, looking down at the screen. 
Callum was just turning his thoughts back to the columns when his phone started to ring. He pulled it out of his pocket and looked down at the screen. The call display showed Guilderson. Who do I know that’s named… Oh, you dumbass! Cal poked his finger at the mute tab, forcing a calm face as he looked up at the young woman who had turned to stare angrily at him. 
Lance had given her Callum’s phone number instead of his own. He had obviously felt it was an amusing joke on the new guy. He raised the phone to his ear. “Hey, Mike, sorry I didn’t call back but I still haven’t managed to find a keg.” He smiled and gave a theatrical roll of his eyes for Ms. Guilderson’s benefit. She smiled and walked away. “I don’t think it even comes in kegs yet; let’s just get enough bottles to cover everyone…” 
Cal judged that she was far enough away and he ceased his fake conversation. He started to block her number and then, deciding to turn it back on his boss, forwarded her number to Lance’s cell. She had already suspected that she had been given Callum’s number and was bound to figure it out if her calls kept getting ignored. He turned his attention back to the columns. He had come up with an idea.
When most children were learning to catch a football or swing a bat, Cal was learning how to construct a bunker so that shrapnel from a near hit wouldn’t find its way inside. He knew how to field strip most assault rifles and handguns and reassemble them in the dark. He knew how to tell the civilians from the agents in a public situation. Their bearing was a good indicator but alert eyes were always the best give-away.
Now, looking up at the columns he remembered the childhood lesson that would serve him best in stopping the UN plan and drawing media scrutiny to what was really happening. He would use thermite. Thermite was an incendiary composition used in countless roles. From welding railway tracks together to disabling enemy equipment, the ignition of a metal powder mixed with an oxide of iron could produce temperatures in excess of five thousand degrees Fahrenheit.
Cal smiled as his plan began to take shape. He knew that steel melted at twenty-five hundred degrees so he would have no problems there. His only problems were access, placement and timing. His smile remained as he walked back to the scaffolding surrounding the new office block. He would take his time. There were still several months before the first of the new airships would lift off, and he could afford to plan properly. He and his fellow new-hires would have to learn what security precautions were in place at night: was the perimeter fence patrolled, did it have alarms, how far away was the nearest response team?
He stopped as his phone rang. He looked down at the flashing message. Guilderson – Forward to Bryson? Acting on a sudden inspiration, he took the call.
 
Almada
Lisbon, Portugal
March 28th, 2026
Frank jumped out of the way of a ground crewman racing to grab mooring lines from Red One. Ed McAdam’s unimaginative name choices were a not-too-subtle reminder that he expected to regain control over the airships after the current state of emergency was put to rest.  The first of the non-orbital ships was slowly coming down into its landing pit, her mooring lines caught in a computer-controlled tether similar to the system employed on frigates to reel in helicopters in rough seas.
“If you get killed, I’m just gonna dump you in the harbor and claim I never saw you.” Caldeira stood grinning as he watched Frank get in the way yet again.
“It’s not that dangerous, where I’m standing ,” Frank protested.
“Then you don’t know some of my guys!” Caldeira waved Frank over. “Seriously though, if Damiãno has to shove you out of his way one more time, he’s likely to flatten your nose.” He was putting on a brave show of indifference but he had to be a little nervous and it came out in his next sentence. “We followed the drawings to the letter,” he stated forcefully, his gravelly voice almost too deep for a man of his size. “If there’s any problems with docking, it’ll be because of our friends in California.”
Let’s see what problems we have, if any, before we figure out who’s to blame, Frank thought as the huge ship continued to lower itself. Tony’s comment revealed just how much his nerves were wearing on him. If there was a problem on his end, he would own it without argument. If there was a problem with the docking station, or with the airship, he would throw his team at it and make the docking process work.
Even if it took explosives – he really liked explosives.
Red One had come down from cruising altitude by pumping huge quantities of helium from her internal bladders back into compressed storage. The last few yards would be completed by the tether system. Releasing some of the helium back into the bladders allowed enough tension to prevent the wind from blowing it into the sides of the docking pit.
Despite Tony’s advice, Frank edged forward again as the last few feet shrank to inches and then, with a cheer from Modular Marine’s ground crew, disappeared completely. He gave a sigh of relief as the clamps engaged along the length of the vessel. Turning, he could see Tony walking over while gesturing to the one photographer who’d been given accreditation for this event. Frank watched as the photographer jumped down into the first terrace of the docking pit, crab walking under the side of the ship.
“Get over here!” Tony was standing on a chalked ‘X’ and waving at Frank, who joined him with a bemused smile. “Look up at the cockpit windows.” Caldeira struck a thoughtful pose and Frank was dazzled by the bright flashes coming from under the nose of Red One. The photographer shouted up at them in Portuguese and Tony shoved Frank gently to the left a few feet. Another series of photos and the man climbed back out.
Turning to see what he had moved for, Frank laughed when he saw the seaward end of Caldeira’s fabrication facility. In huge letters a sign that probably still had wet paint proclaimed ‘Marinho Modular’. “This is going out on the usual newswires?” he asked with a grin.
“What do you think?” 
“I think I want some eight-by-tens for posterity,” Frank answered. “And can you get me a couple in that old-timey sepia?”
“Let’s get a module out of my yard before we start picking out frames.” Tony spoke into his headset and a double-wide flatbed on heavy-gauge rails began to shunt towards the transfer block as the loading ramp of Red One started to lower. The huge flatbed carried the first module for one of the smaller escorts. 
Contrary to popular belief, this first module was from the center of the ship. The decision to start in the middle was almost overlooked until Frank had questioned the assumption that they would start at one end of the keel. “We could start at the exact center of the ship,” he had suggested. “We could build out from the middle and put four welding crews to work simultaneously.”
Now, looking up at module A-5, Frank had a hard time imagining how many lifts were planned for the project. This frigate would require eleven modules but it was the smallest of the ships being built. The cruisers were roughly six times the size of the frigates and the carriers would be fifteen times the size of a cruiser. 
Each carrier would be escorted by five frigates and five cruisers. The planning committee had been shocked to hear that each carrier group would need more than a thousand modules lifted into orbit. An additional thirty pairs of orbital airships had finally been added to the planning board and Frank had been given authority to enlist as many modular constructors as he saw fit. Tony had laughed at hearing of his competitors being press-ganged into building modules.
The cruise ship construction industry had ground to a complete halt.
The flatbed slowed to a crawl, bumping softly against the heavy, padded concrete transfer block and ground crew swarmed both vehicles. Frank and Tony climbed the metal stairs to the top of the three-foot-high transfer block where they watched the crew lock down the flatbed and release the restraints on the module. The photographer continued to circle, taking time exposures. “If this goes sideways on us,” Tony muttered, “that photographer will have an accident with his camera.” 
Happily, the rollers worked as intended and the module made its slow progress across the transfer block and into the hold of Red One. Frank held his breath as the leading edge of the module approached the opening to the hold. Though there was over a yard of clearance, it looked much closer from where the two men stood.
Finally, the huge collection of bulkheads, decks, pipes and wires came to a stop and Tony turned to Frank, extending a hand. “Congratulations,” he said as he pumped Bender’s hand enthusiastically. “That roller idea was simple but effective - kind of like my brother-in-law.” He cocked his head with a grin. “You don’t get many ideas but sometimes you manage to surprise everyone!” 
Frank’s cheerful reply made reference to Tony’s ancestry and the dark haired-man roared with laughter, clapping him on the back as they turned to face the photographer who had climbed onto the empty flatbed. “He’s just taking stills, right?” Frank had no desire for his previous remark to wind up on the nine-o’clock news. 
“He knows better,” said Caldeira as he looked over his shoulder to ensure that the occupied hold would be visible in the shot. “Or he will when I’m done with him.” 
 
Red Flag Mineral Co. 
Sixty Meter Observatory 
Mauna Kea, Hawaii
June 7th, 2026
Jan dropped a bag on her bunk and stopped to think through the items that she would need for three days. Every couple of months, the staff were sent down the mountain for a few days to clear their heads. It might have been more enjoyable if they could all go together but that would have left the facility empty and so groups of two were the maximum. 
Jan knew that both Mike and Pete would have liked to be the second in her group. She had been aware of their attraction when she arrived and a casual mention of her recent bad relationship had been enough to cool their ardor, but she knew it hadn’t been quite extinguished, at least in Pete’s case. 
Mike had changed in the last month. His attitude towards her had relaxed, almost as if he had re-classified her as a relative who might be attractive but who was definitely off-limits. She smiled as she thought it through. In the last six weeks, the mountaintop site had transformed into a small, green town. The terrain on the mountain slope was an ideal analogue for the surface of Mars and it was NASA that had first started using it to train astronauts and test equipment.
Now that the military was expanding the training facilities, a service battalion had set up shop next to the large telescope complex. They had brought along a field laundry, a mobile kitchen, larger shower facilities and also a permanent detachment from a combat engineering unit. The officer in charge of that detachment was a young lieutenant. 
Keira, Jan remembered the name as she resumed packing. The young woman had taken a great interest in the workings of the massive telescope and Mike had been delighted to show her around. That’s why he’s so much easier to have a conversation with. Jan mused. I wonder how far it’s gone. She zipped the bag and slung it over her shoulder. A helicopter was waiting to ferry her to Waikiki.
She was going alone. She didn’t want to spend a long weekend fending off advances from the single men on the team and she couldn’t go with her married colleagues because they always flew their families in when they had time off. The only other woman she knew was the young engineering officer but Keira had been a little distant since Mike’s new relaxed attitude.
She was almost to the main door when it opened and a small group of officers walked in. There was nothing uncommon about that and she almost passed them without a word, but then she stopped and took a second look at the group. “Liam?” she said in a quiet, shocked voice.
The man in the sand-colored beret turned towards her, eyes widening as he recognized her. “Jan?” his reply was surprised, almost a whisper. “What are you..,” he trailed off, shaking his head with a grin. “Of course,” he said. “You were the one who made first contact. I knew that, but somehow it got pushed to the back of my mind lately.” He nodded assent to the other officers who were indicating that they would catch up with him later.
They had met at London Metropolitan University. Jan had been drawn to the school’s new science center, billed as one of Europe’s most advanced science teaching facilities. Liam had chosen the school primarily due to their lower tuition. His major was chemistry and, though Jan was taking biology, the curriculum required several overlapping courses and they had met in second year when she needed a lab partner for organic chemistry.
Their flame burned brightly for almost two years but, as it became clearer that Liam had no plans for graduate work, Jan began to wonder what the future would hold for them. When she announced in her senior year that she had been accepted to the Molecular Ecology program at Queen’s University in Belfast, Liam had floored her with his plan to join the army. 
She had stared at him in silence for almost half a minute, realizing that the end had come. She had wanted to be angry with herself for choosing Queen’s; Liam had some distant relatives in Belfast and she was secretly hoping it would entice him to go with her. 
Liam or not, she knew that Queen’s had the right program for her and so they had gone their separate ways.
Now, looking up at the face she had once thought to see every morning, she felt that familiar old flutter in her chest. Oh God, that never happened when I looked at Edward, she thought. Has that been waiting deep inside my mind all these years, secretly poisoning every relationship I’ve had since? She tore her eyes away from his face and took a look around the room, needing time to compose herself, almost certain from his expression that he needed a moment as well.
“So, what sort of exciting adventures did you leave behind to come here,” she asked, raising an eybrow as she noticed the badge on his beret. She knew what the winged sword stood for; her uncle had served in the SAS over a decade ago, and the question provided a welcome distraction from what was really going through her mind. He does look good in that uniform.
“I was captured in Afghanistan when a local warlord shot down our Chinook,” he said dryly. “I spent the better part of the last year in chains and, when I was finally released, I was more than a little surprised to hear about our new neighbors.” 
“Liam!” Jan was flooded with unreasonable guilt that she had been free and relatively happy while someone who had been so close to her had been in such peril. “Was it…” she stopped herself. Of course it was bad you bloody fool. He was in chains! “I can’t imagine what that must have been like,” she finally said.
He nodded. “I’ve had better accommodations,” he said with a rueful grin but his expression quickly grew serious. “Listen, Jan…”
Jan was feeling another tug in her chest from the way he said her name and almost didn’t notice that he had stopped talking and was looking over her shoulder. She turned, seeing a young soldier trotting towards them. 
“Dr. Colbert,” he began after saluting Liam. “Your chopper needs to leave, ma’am.” He stepped back a few paces and turned to face the center of the room, obviously aware that he’d interrupted a private conversation.
She turned back to Liam, seeing the turmoil on his face, and she spoke before he could say anything that might spoil the potential of the moment. “Liam,” she began, reaching out to place a hand on his forearm. “I have to leave right now for Waikiki.” She shrugged. “Bad timing for R&R, I suppose, but I’ll be back in three days. You’ll still be here?”
He was visibly more relaxed. “My orders have me here for training until we launch,” he replied with a smile, then, with a glint in his eye, “I’ll look for you later.”
 
The Frey House
Antioch, California
June 7th, 2026
“Is it all here?” Callum asked as Kevin opened the door. They had bought the materials online using the names of relatives; not their own relatives of course, but they must have been related to someone, or so Cal liked to joke.
Kevin nodded. “It’s out in the garage; Gram never goes out there.” He stepped out and locked the door behind him. The two men walked around the corner of the house and up the driveway to the garage in the backyard where Kevin took out a remote and opened the overhead door. Inside sat paper sacks, some filled with iron oxide and some with aluminum. Both metals had been purchased in powder form and were ready for mixing. Beside those were sheets of rigid foam insulation and sacks of cement.
Cal nodded approvingly at the collected material. “The magnesium?” he asked.
Kevin nodded over at the workbench. “Four hundred strips.” 
“Good.” Cal reached over to Kevin’s shirt pocket and pushed the button on the remote through the fabric. The door started to descend. “Let’s make some fireworks!”
 
The Pacific Ocean
The Hawaiian Islands
June 7th, 2026
Sitting in the Blackhawk, Jan watched out the starboard door as the central islands of Maui, Kaho’olawe, Lana’i and Moloka’i slipped past, pretending to herself that she was enthralled by the beautiful scenery. Try as she might, her mind kept coming back to Liam. Had he met someone else? Did he have a family somewhere? Was she wasting time daydreaming about a renewed future?
Her self-imposed torment continued for an hour and a half until the pilot’s voice shook her out of her reverie. Her right hand automatically reached up to touch the headset as he informed her that they would be passing Waikiki beach in a couple of minutes on their approach to Honolulu International. She leaned out the opening as far as her harness would allow, straining to see the island of O’ahu. 
It was the island that she had first landed on when she’d come to work at the observatory but the visit had been nothing more than a quick walk through the open-air terminal. Jan and her two colleagues from the UN had been taken to an access door leading out onto the tarmac where a civilian charter jet waited to ferry them to Hilo.
Now, as the island rolled by her open loading door, she spotted something that looked like a very bad idea. She clicked the intercom. “What is that volcano, the one with the buildings and parking lots in it?” 
“That’s Diamond Head,” the pilot answered. “It’s a state park and it hasn’t erupted in over a hundred and fifty thousand years, so you should be ok. The next thing you’ll see will be Waikiki.” 
Jan watched the high-rises come into view. Her hotel was down there in that jumble and she could see that, wherever it was, it would be a short walk to the beach. After five months at the observatory, she was finally getting a chance to come back and check out O’ahu. She smiled to herself. She knew the only thing she was likely to check out was the beach, and maybe a good book. Her meals would be room service or takeout as it had been on her visits to Hilo; why spend all that time getting ready just so you could sit in a restaurant by yourself? 
Once on the ground at HIA, a civilian pattern sedan with military plates took her from the tarmac, passing through a heavily-guarded gate and dropped her at a small boutique hotel, two blocks from the beach. After checking in, she changed quickly and followed the sound of the waves. She found a good spot near the stone wall where palm trees cast a decent shade and settled in. After a few moments of watching the crowds of sun worshipers, she pulled out her reader and selected Les Misérables by Victor Hugo.
Jan had been trying to keep her mind on the saintly behavior of a bishop named Myriel but her thoughts kept drifting back to Liam. She exited her first choice of novels and opened The Count of Monte Cristo, hoping the faster pace of the second book would hold her attention. She had just read of the arrival of the Pharaon in Marseilles and was finally becoming interested in the story when she heard a commotion around her. Looking up, she realized that people were pointing at a Blackhawk that hovered just beyond the farthest swimmers, no more than ten feet from the surface of the water. 
Having just spent more than an hour in the same type of aircraft, she had little fascination for the spectacle and was turning her eyes to the screen when they were drawn back to the hovering aircraft. A number of dark shapes seemed to drop into the Pacific before the big Sikorsky clawed its way back into the sky.
“Search and Rescue training,” a man to her right said diffidently, probably showing off his knowledge to the woman who sat on his other side.
“Not bad work for a young man.” The woman on Jan’s left smiled as she looked over. She was an older woman, wearing a wide-brimmed hat and she gazed back out across the gently rolling ocean.  “Jumping out of airplanes, swimming, saving lives…” She smiled to herself. “My Henry was in the Coast Guard and I know he loved it, God rest his soul, but he would never admit it to me!” 
Jan smiled and returned to her book, hoping her new companion would leave her in peace. She had just reached the reunion of Edmond and Mercedes when she was interrupted again.
“Ooh my!” the older woman said with obvious approval. “If I were just forty years younger…”
Jan couldn’t resist curiosity after a statement like that, so she looked over at her neighbor and followed her gaze to the man climbing up onto the low stone wall of an artificial tidal pool. He paused to strap black swim fins and a mask onto a large waterproof bag before he stood. He slung the bag over a shoulder and followed the low wall around to the sand of the beach.
“If that’s Search and Rescue,” said the woman to Jan’s right, “then I’m off to find a nice leaky boat!” The man sitting with her pretended a sudden intense interest in the surfers, his ears a dark red.
The man walking up the beach was tall and lean with a subtle musculature. They weren’t the flamboyant muscles of a bodybuilder but the hard, purpose-built muscles of a man who made a living in harsh environments. Jan watched him with surprise. He had always been fit, but he had never looked like this when they were students. 
She felt a thrill of possessive pride as it became clear that Liam was coming straight towards her - to the surprise of her neighbors. How did he find me that quickly? She smiled at him as he dropped his gear on the sand and dropped to recline at her feet, one arm casually draped over the bag. “How did you find me in this crowd?” she asked as her eyes took in the tracery of old scars on his skin. We really did choose different paths.
He flashed a charming grin. “I was headed for HIA when I spotted you with the binocs.” He looked around the beach before continuing. “The pilot was heading for Hickam after he got rid of me so he was more than happy to drop me out there and save a stop.” He grew serious. “I’m not intruding, am I? It’s just that it’s so bloody cold up there on that mountain and my mates aren’t nearly so interesting once you’ve heard the same old war stories for the hundredth time.” 
Jan smiled and his grin came back instantly. “Are you hungry?” she asked. “I hear the Surfrider does the best ribs you’ll ever taste!”
“Famished,” he said as they stood up. He hefted his bag. “Do you have somewhere I can change first?”
The older lady turned her head to look towards Diamond Head. Jan had seen the knowing smile that she was politely concealing. 
 
The Frey House
Antioch, California
June 7th, 2026
Kevin finished dumping the last bag of powdered aluminum into the cement mixer before walking over to the bench where Callum was working. He watched in silence for a few moments as Cal test-fit the two hollow half pyramids of rigid Styrofoam. “We’ll mix in carbon fiber to give added strength to the concrete, in case the heat causes it to crack.” he explained to his friend.
“Wouldn’t chicken wire have been cheaper?” asked Kevin dubiously. “We have some left over from when Gram used to keep a garden out back.”
Cal shook his head. “No, think about it, Kev. This has to contain a reaction at five thousand degrees.” He looked over at his co-conspirator. “Chicken wire can’t stand up to that kind of heat.” He placed the inner half of the mold and tacked on the closers at the bottom and sides.  It would produce a crude, semi-pyramidal shape with the top cut off. When two halves were placed together, it would look exactly like a hollow pyramid, with the capstone missing.
Callum had to refrain from snapping at Kevin. It was easy to forget that he didn’t know the whole picture. None of his cadre would know the full plan until the moment of implementation. That way, Cal reduced the risk of rumors getting out. He trusted his people as far as he could, but only a fool laid out a plan like this for all to see. 
More importantly, he was aware that few of his helpers would be likely to stand up under a police interrogation. He knew that there was a very real risk of some of them being picked up by city police for any number of infractions. Most of them had serious problems with government authority and laws in general. That was what made them so easy to recruit, but it also made them potential liabilities.
Though Kevin knew more than the others, he still had no idea what the strange shapes were meant for. He shrugged and went back to the cement mixer, tying a plastic sheet over the mouth before turning it on.
As the noise filled the small garage, Callum looked at his mold, wondering if there was a way to mass-produce the shapes. He would need forty-eight pyramids, which meant ninety-six molds, unless he could find a way to make five or six re-useable molds. He laughed suddenly as the answer came to him, waving off Kevin’s inquiring look. 
He had been working on construction sites for years and had never really paid attention to the concrete form workers. He realized, now that he gave it some thought, that they often employed re-usable forms. In Callum’s mind, he could already see the forms he would use, reinforced with two-by-two lumber and held shut with clamps. With some motor oil as a releasing agent, they would be able to make several each night. 
He had almost a month before they would be needed, so time wouldn’t be a problem.
KLM Flight 5332
Over the Pacific
June 19th, 2026
Märti was exhausted. He rarely traveled long distances and, when he did, he invariably remained awake for the entire duration. Now, two hours into the flight out of Los Angeles and almost twenty hours since leaving Zurich, he found his mind coming back to the conversation at the Swiss Guard barracks in the Vatican. The looming presence of aliens in the solar system had been hanging over Humanity for months now.
What are they doing out there?  Märti wondered in a purgatorial state of almost-sleep. Why settle on a planet with very little atmosphere when they could come straight here? Maybe God really did send them and he’s giving us time to accept that. He stared at the LCD screen in front of him, not really seeing the English language mini-series that he had selected. Between Zurich and Amsterdam, he had enjoyed the first episode, showing the training of Marines for the fight in the Pacific during the Second World War. 
On the way to Los Angeles, he had watched the same men in Australia and then in combat against the Japanese but his coffee was wearing off and his thoughts continued to wander back to his own struggle. The more he thought about it, the more he felt that young Lukas had been on to something. 
When colonial forces arrived, they tended to do so with overwhelming technological superiority. The mere fact of arrival was usually possible because of that technical difference. The European explorers had landed in North America more than once. The Norse settled on Newfoundland five centuries before the birth of Columbus,  Märti mused. Their technological advantage was less pronounced and they were few in numbers, so the local natives drove them off.
His eyes had been drooping but they flew wide open, staring heedlessly at scenes of landing craft hitting the beach of some Pacific island. What would have happened if the locals had welcomed the Norse when they were so weak in numbers? Märti knew he had just put his finger on what was bothering him. The, what did the Norse call them – Skraelings, might have learned the secrets of iron. He felt the hairs on his arms standing on end as he worked through the implications.
The knowledge of iron would have diffused its way to the mainland and spread like wildfire across the entire continent and down into Central and South America. Larger groups such as the Iroquois Confederacy, who were already accomplished farmers, would have been able to dramatically increase their output. Märti was wide awake now. With a surplus of food, they might have had a Renaissance era of their own. North America was rich in resources. Who could say what the European explorers might have faced when they arrived after five centuries of divergent technological development?
Märti felt certain that the continual raiding and warfare between the tribes would likely have driven technological development. Bone armor would have given way to metal, clubs to maces and swords. Gunpowder was not so certain but he knew that bow and arrow technology would have been refined in its place and all military historians knew that a good bowman was worth five musketeers in any battle. 
The range, accuracy and rate of fire of a proper war bow was vastly superior to that of any musket. The only reason muskets became popular in combat was the fact that you could train a man to use a musket in a few days while it took a lifetime of practice to be an effective archer. 
In his mind’s eye, Märti could see the famous encounters between Europeans and the Confederacy re-played under the new scenario. A much larger and more powerful Confederacy may have been surprised by the belching smoke of cannon and musket, but would have had iron armor to protect them from some of the small arms fire and would have quickly come to recognize the superiority of their own bows. 
He imagined their warriors, known for originating the same guerrilla tactics that American revolutionaries had used to defeat the British, quietly boarding and over-running enemy ships at anchor or ambushing enemy forces on land. They would have eventually found willing prisoners who could catch them up on technologies such as guns and sailing vessels.
The modern countries of the Americas may never have existed if the Norse had managed to get along better with their new neighbors, Märti thought as the small LCD screen showed a sweeping panorama of the captured beach before pulling back to show the massive invasion fleet. What would happen if we were to learn from these aliens rather than fight them?
Could we be avoiding a weak colonization force now, only to fall prey to a much more powerful enemy in the near future? He closed his eyes. “Did God put me here to stop us from fighting?” He didn’t consider himself to be particularly devout, but then, neither did his brother and he was serving at the Vatican. Having been raised in a Catholic family, it seemed as much a part of him as the color of his eyes. 
He got up and looked at the line for the first class washroom, seeing two of his fellow officers waiting. Looking to the back, past the men of his company, he could see a much longer line and so he shrugged mentally and headed to the front, resisting the urge to pull rank on the two lieutenants.
 
Moffett Field
Mountain View, California
July 3rd, 2026
Frank finished his sub and rolled up the wrapper, throwing it in the trash bin by the boardroom door. “Ready, Chuck?” The two men got up and put their hardhats on before heading out of the room and down the stairs.  Brecker, bristling with weapons as usual, joined them as they stepped out the door. Frank pulled out his phone and opened the Friend Finder app. “Looks like he’s over at number two,” Frank said as he led Chuck towards the office and storage structure that stuck out from the side of the large hangar.
As they drew near the main door, it opened and Lance stepped out with a clipboard. “Mr. Bender,” he shook Frank’s hand with mock formality. “Chuckie!” He grinned and slapped Chuck on the back. 
Frank watched Chuck grin back. I don’t think there’s another person on this planet that could get away with calling him that. He smiled to himself as he watched the contractor work his usual magic, turning Charles Gray from a stuffy administrator into an affable old pal. 
Bender had been on site a couple of months ago when the electrical sub-contractor was packing up and leaving the site, claiming they were all too sick to work that day. He knew it was the ‘forty-ounce flu’ because they were all out celebrating the night before. He’d tried to convince them to stay and tough it out but they were doggedly insisting on leaving. 
Losing them for a day meant losing the concrete contractor for over a month because they insisted on proper lighting before pouring the floor extension in the hangar. If they didn’t have the required illumination, they would refuse to guarantee the super-flat specification for the job and they had another contract to get to. 
Lance had shown up and spent two minutes with them, joking, cajoling and confiding to them that he would consider it a personal favor if they could help him out and finish the lighting. They not only went back to work, but they did it cheerfully. They had finished a full day’s work by noon and left the hangar extension with working lights. Even though half the crew failed to keep their breakfast down as they worked, they still did what was needed to keep the project on track.
“Before you two end up heading for Tia Juana, maybe we should go through the deficiencies?” He interrupted the increasingly bizarre banter between the two men. “You planning to use just a clipboard?”
“You ever see the batteries run out on a clipboard?” Lance pulled out a pen and looked down at the list in his hands. “Besides, I can write a hell of a lot faster with a pen than with a finger.”
Frank knew Lance had an aversion to computers but his people-skills more than made up for it, and he had staff that took care of the spreadsheets for him. “Let’s start with the landscaping.” He pulled out a tablet from his shoulder bag and opened the architectural drawings. The men crowded in and looked at the plan before orienting themselves to the site.
“Yep, everything looks good here!” Lance grinned. “Let’s go get a pitcher to celebrate.”
“The trees look to be in the right spots,” Frank replied, knowing he didn’t need to challenge Lance’s last statement. He was mostly joking and a few pitchers of beer did sound like a good plan. “The trees are all larger caliper than specified but I’m hardly inclined to complain about that.”
“I managed to get a free upgrade from my supplier and I figured I’d use it here.” Lance nudged Chuck in the ribs. “Gotta take care of my best customer, right Chuck?”
“And I thought it was just because we’re buds!” Chuck jostled him back.
Frank almost rolled his eyes but he knew it would only help things if Chuck could stay in a good mood. They were in the business of building airships and Frank couldn’t care less if the door trim was the wrong spec or a tree was a spruce instead of a pine. He just needed the place to look good for tomorrow. 
The last thing he needed was to have Chuck develop a sudden  interest in the trivial details because they were out of time to have any of it changed. The big dog-and-pony-show was happening tomorrow. After that, nobody important would be hanging around.
As they headed towards the path that led from one hangar to the next, Frank came to a stop and enlarged that section of the drawing. “OK, Lance, I don’t even care that these planters are the wrong shape, but the cypresses in them are all turning brown.” He looked up at the contractor. “I don’t need them replaced, I just want you to get them out of here. The president would never notice that they aren’t here but he would sure as hell have a bad impression of us if they were sitting here looking like that.”
“Sure, bud,” Lance nodded. “Sorry about that.” He pushed a button on the side of his phone. “Cal, meet me out on the south path right away.” 
The men continued down the path, looking at the drawing as they walked, until a young man walked out of number three to meet them.
“Cal, these trees are all dead.” Lance indicated the row of planters that ran the length of the walkway. “I need them loaded up and taken to our yard; we can take them back to Greenhand later but we have to get them off the site pronto.”
Cal frowned. “Lance, I’ve got my hands full right now; can I bring a couple of the boys back after dinner and pick them up?”
“You’re a good man, Cal!” Lance grinned. “Whoever you pick, buy their dinner and expense it and I’ll make sure to leave a clearance at the gate for tonight.”
“Alright, guys, let’s take a look inside the buildings next.” Frank led the way towards the office of number four. Another hour and we can get to the beer!
 
The Freehold Taphouse
Antioch California
July 3rd, 2026
Cal smiled as the three men across the table gaped at him in amazement. Sometimes it was best to let people get the wrong idea. They had put a great deal of planning into penetrating the airfield’s security tonight. Cal had spent a lot of time with the attractive young security guard, to the wry amusement of his comrades. Though he had gathered the necessary intelligence from her, he had been unsuccessful in moving their association beyond friendship.
Now A.J. and Chris were picking up security passes from the table where Cal had casually dropped them. They wouldn’t need wire-cutters or blackened faces; they were going to drive in through the front gate and straight over to the hangars. Callum told himself that he had invited Kevin to dinner because he was the second in command and should know of the change in plans, but he really just wanted to impress him with the passes. 
“The cypress trees are dying,” he explained. “Not a surprise, seeing as the soil’s been replaced with thermite.” He chuckled. “Anyway, I asked if we could come in tonight and pick them up.” He stretched casually, looking for the server and waving four fingers at him. “Fitting,” he said grinning at the men, “since the tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.” He noticed the screen above the bar and leaned in to read the caption beneath the video. “Euro-Zone announces a deal to protect the French banks,” he muttered, squinting up at the screen.
He turned back to his friends. “It won’t work, of course, and that means a run on the French banks.” They sat quietly as the server reached the table, setting down four glasses of draft from his heavily-laden tray.  “Paying the new UN debt is killing most of the world’s economies. The rest of Europe has been teetering on the brink since Germany went back to the Mark, and this will push them all over the edge.” 
“Civil unrest on a continental scale,” Kevin muttered as he watched the big screen. He looked over at Callum. “Just what the UN wants, an excuse to occupy Europe and lock it down.”
Cal knew it was unjust for him to be surprised. Kevin wasn’t stupid. I probably underestimate him because he lives with his grandmother. He nodded in agreement. “That’s it in a nutshell, Kev. And when the financial meltdown spreads across the Atlantic, we’ll see UN troops in every damned town in America.” 
Kevin looked absurdly pleased that he was being recognized for his analysis. I should do more to bring him along, Cal mused. He might do all right here if we decide to open up a new cell on the East Coast. His thoughts drifted to what might happen after they were done with Moffett Field. If we get through the next twenty-four hours without getting pinched, we can look at expanding. He looked at Kevin in a new light. Can he run things here if I head East? His operation here had given him confidence and a taste for something bigger.
The real enemy was in New York.
He drained his glass and dropped some bills on the table. “Kev, tell him to keep the change.” He looked at A.J. and Chris with a wolfish grin. “Let’s go earn some overtime.”  
 
Moffett Field
Mountain View, California
July 3rd, 2026
Chuck belched in the empty boardroom, the heady scent of beer in his nostrils. He would rather be back at his hotel room but, with Bender coming back for a last look, he knew it would look bad if he didn’t come along. He had fought against Frank’s changes at first, but he’d come to see they made sense and had thrown himself behind the new program whole-heartedly.  
In response, Bender had brought Chuck back into the circle, consulting him on the best way to get past problems rather than simply going around him. The production of the first Earth-to-Orbital-Station airships had moved faster than Chuck could ever have imagined and the president had been keen on celebrating the Fourth of July at Moffett to showcase a major part of America’s contribution to the global project. 
He caught movement out of the corner of his eye and, looking out the window, he saw Frank coming down the stairs of his Gulfstream. Both men had needed to use the washroom rather urgently after several pitchers of beer with Lance followed by a circuitous taxi ride. Bender had loudly insisted that the driver was ‘jacking them’ and the poor man, afraid of Bender’s size and the heavily-armed Brecker, gave them a discount. 
Their solution to the urgent washroom logjam had been solved when Frank yielded the main office facilities to Chuck and headed for his aircraft. “You use yours, I’ll use mine!” he had said in a North Florida drawl that he only seemed to have after a few drinks.
Chuck joined him in front of the main administration building. “Ready?” he asked. 
Frank belched loudly. “Pardon me, Chuck,” he intoned mildly. For such an imposing giant, he was surprisingly polite. “Sure, let’s have a look at the place.”
They set off towards the hangars and noticed as they came around the corner that the planters were already gone. Good thing Frank noticed those. thought Chuck. Little stuff like that does make a bad impression, even when we have two EOS airships ready to go into service at the end of the week. He let out another burst of carbon dioxide as they walked, Frank chuckling quietly. I suppose working in a customer-oriented business gave him an eye for the small details that we tend to miss in a government agency.
The site looked good from the outside. They walked to the press area where Chuck pulled out a remote. The podium had been set up with the hangar door of number one behind it. The three men watched as the huge doors slid back to reveal the rounded aerodynamic shape of Red Flag EOS-1. The massive ramp was open showing the cavernous cargo hold.
“Ever been inside?” Chuck asked as he gazed up at Humanity’s largest sub-orbital aircraft.
“Nope,” Bender replied. “I’ve been in the smaller airships that travel between our shipyards and the transfer facilities.” He looked over at Chuck. “Can we look at the cockpit?” 
The three men wandered over to the open ramp but Chuck stopped when they were about twenty feet away and frowned at the wall of the hangar. Yesterday, the walls and structure were entirely white but now there are gray lumps on the columns. “What are those?” he asked as he walked over to the nearest column with Frank and Brecker in tow. 
The lumps were concrete containers that appeared to be made in two halves and then strapped together around each column. The top surface was a waxy material and Chuck pulled out a pen and broke through revealing a reddish powder. A pair of wires emerged from the wax and snaked their way along the wall battens, leading to the next column. “Frank, do these look like those planters you noticed earlier?”
“Now that you mention it.” He frowned at the odd sight. “What the hell is going on here?”
Chuck had spent two years working for a rail  company before starting his first degree and he’d used thermite to weld dozens of rails together. He knew what it could do to steel. “Sabotage,” he said in a tone of disbelief before pulling himself together. 
“Frank, get to the other side and start pulling the wires out of these damned things.” He reached out and put a hand on his shoulder as he spoke. “These are thermite incendiary devices, the wires probably lead to some kind of magnesium strip or flare so you can pull them out without worrying about lighting the powder. If we don’t disable these, they’ll put out enough heat to melt right through these columns and bring down the roof.
“Shit!” Frank’s eyes were wide. “Who do we call?”
“I’ll get Security on the phone before I start on this side. Brecker, go check out the next hangar.” He pulled out his phone as Frank ran under the belly of the airship, heading left to reach the first column behind the twenty-foot-high bank of helium tanks. Sure enough, there were devices planted on this side as well. 
~*~
Frank grabbed the first set of wires, turned his face away in a futile gesture, yanked them out and jumped away like a scalded cat. Looking down, he saw the wax cover dangling from the wire in his hands. Turning it over, he saw a magnesium strip with a wire clamped to each end. 
Feeling a little more confident that he might live out the night, he headed for the next column and was just reaching for the wires when he heard voices. He walked to the end of the tanks and saw, to his dismay, that Chuck was facing the young man from Lance’s crew, the one who had been given clearance to come in tonight and remove the planters. 
The young man was holding a handgun.
~*~
Cal supposed that this new wrinkle might just be balance after his run of good luck in getting clearance to openly return to the site. They had just been finishing placement of the last charges in hangar four when they heard the unmistakable rumble of one of the big doors. Opening one of the small man doors and peering out, he had recognized the NASA administrator and the UN project manager as they walked towards the hangar but had missed the black clad guard. 
He knew there was a good chance that they would miss the devices and so he directed A.J. and Chris to finish with the charges while he moved swiftly through the dark towards the wide spill of light that came from the big door of number one. He couldn’t see them and so he considered risking a quick peek around the corner. No, he thought. Why act suspicious when they know I’m working here tonight? 
With that, he walked boldly around the corner and saw the man from NASA standing to the right, pulling the wires out of one of the concrete containers. “Is everything all right in here?” Cal asked with a look of innocent puzzlement. 
The man spun around. His look of surprise changed to relief tinted with a hint of suspicion. This is going completely sideways,  thought Cal as he assessed his situation. These guys would have remembered the planters from this afternoon and made the connection to me during the investigation. I should have realized that before now. “Can I give you a hand with whatever you’re doing?” If we can kill them both and stash them behind the helium tanks, we can stack a few devices around their bodies and make them forensically unidentifiable.
 “No, I’m fine,” the man replied trying to look nonchalant.
Definitely knows I’m behind this, thought Cal. We can put them in the drainage sump behind the helium tanks. That should contain the reaction and pretty much vaporize their bones. He pulled out a silenced Ruger .22 and pointed it at the man. And then there’s Lance, he thought as he pulled the trigger twice. We’ll have to get to him before the investigators. After that, we’re in the clear; the planters in Lance’s yard are the ones that the drawing specified so we can claim that we just came in tonight, picked them up and took them to the yard. No one else knows about our square ‘planters’. 
His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of feet hitting the concrete at an increasing rate. Shit, UN Boy is rabbiting while I’m standing here thinking. Turning around to scan the large hangar, he was shocked to see the large man five feet away, hurtling at him in full tackle mode. His arm raised on its own as years of training kicked in. His finger pulled the trigger once and then Bender crashed into him with surprising force. The world went black.
 
Benton-Coldwater Medical Center
Antioch, California
July 4th, 2026
Callum woke up slowly. Ordinarily, he would wake instantly but he felt like he was underwater and had to struggle to reach the surface. His eyes opened and he found himself looking at the standard institutional ceiling of acoustical tiles. He turned his head, fighting off a wave of nausea and he saw a bank of monitoring equipment with wires leading from an outlet on the front. He reached out to trace them and found that he was cuffed to the side rails of the bed.
It all came back to him in a flash. He must have been found by the bodyguard. The manager from NASA was dead and maybe the big guy from the UN as well, but Cal had allowed a moment of inattention to cheat him of his victory. He looked at the window between him and the hallway and could see, through the partially closed blinds, that a uniformed officer was standing out there leaning against the window.
I need to get out of here, he thought. He looked down at the handcuffs and smiled as he realized that there was an intravenous needle in his right arm.  With the professional neatness common to health care workers, the IV line ran up the bed to where other wires ran from his body to the collection of monitors. Turning his head and dropping his shoulder, he managed to grasp the IV line with his teeth and pulled. 
After a moment of discomfort,  the strips of tape came loose from his skin and the needle slid out of his vein. Without the pressure that was usually provided on removal of the needle, blood began to seep out but it was nothing to worry about. Cal twitched his arm a few times until the needle came into reach and he grabbed it in his right hand. 
With a quick look at the window to ensure that the guard wasn’t looking in, he used the needle to pick the cuffs where they attached to the rail. After several seconds, he had his right arm free and made quick work of freeing his other hand before removing the cuffs that dangled from his right wrist. 
He traced the wires on his right, realizing that a network of sensors was sitting on his head like a hairnet. He left it in place for a moment, not sure if it would set off an alarm and flood the room with staff. He needed a moment to think this through. I can’t get past that guard without camouflage. He looked up at the clock. Almost lunchtime, he thought. Camouflage might just come to me.
He began to work out his escape plan. Once out of the building, he would need to pick up his emergency stash of money, buried among the foliage in the wetlands preserve. He was pretty certain his accounts would have been frozen by now. He pulled the covers over his arms so it wouldn’t be obvious he was now free.
Once he had the money, he would catch a cab to the university medical center in San Francisco. That way, his camouflage would make sense to the driver and make him less likely to call the police when the escape hit the news. I can buy some clothes at the university book store and catch public transit to the BART, which can take me to the Amtrak station on the Embarcadero. 
His thoughts were interrupted as the door opened and a young man walked in with a tray of food. Cal breathed a sigh of relief, he didn’t care for his chances escaping in a dress with a three-day growth on his face and he didn’t relish the idea of forcing a woman to give him her clothes. He might be willing to kill but there were still a few places where he preferred to draw the line.
“Hungry, Mr. Hard Core Killer?” the young man sneered as he pulled a tray caddy over and dropped the food in front of Cal. “Since you’re cuffed, I’m supposed to feed you but I figure, why waste good food?” He started to help himself to the lunch, cutting off a large piece of pork loin before he set the knife back down. He stood there and chewed, making exaggerated sounds of appreciation.
Unbelievable, thought Callum as he grabbed the knife with his right hand and reached over to grab the attendant’s shirt with his left. He held the knife to the young man’s throat, watching the fear come into his eyes. “Drop your pants.” The man’s eyes grew wider.
 
The Oval Office
Washington, D.C.
July 6th , 2026
Parnell leaned against one of the columns of the west colonnade, blowing smoke up in the faint hope that the smell wouldn’t stick to his clothes. “So where did it go wrong?” 
Sam reached out and took back his cigarette, taking a drag while he thought through the briefing package. “Agent Guilderson had the guy pegged about a month before.” He stared at the door to the oval office as he spoke. “She knew that McKinnon was planning something big for your visit and she had the entire place crawling with snipers and agents. They were just about to take them when Chuck came back with Bender.” He took another deep drag and handed the remainder back to Parnell. 
“So why didn’t a sniper stop the kid from shooting Chuck?”
“Happened too fast,” Sam shrugged. “The pistol came out, the sniper called it in and before anyone could do anything, Chuck was down. Next thing you know, Bender is trying to snap the gunman in half with one hell of a tackle – used to play for the Gators so he knows how to crack a rib or two...”
“So what happens with Guilderson?” Parnell dropped the butt into a planter. “It’s hardly her fault those two blundered into the middle of an FBI operation.”
“She’ll do fine.” Sam followed the president back into the office. “There was already a summary investigation and she’s been cleared for her next assignment.” He closed the door behind them. “What about Chuck?”
Parnell sighed as he dropped into his chair. He looked moodily at the desk blotter. “I’ve talked to Cara and she’s given consent for a state funeral. It’s not much consolation for her but at least it’s a show of respect for a man who died stopping a terrorist plot.” He looked up at Sam. “No need for the public to learn that half the FBI was already there, or what his blood alcohol level was,” his face was solemn. “Chuck died for the good of all mankind and we leave it there.”
Sam picked up the folder that he had dropped on the desk when they went out for the smoke but, before he could turn for the side door, Parnell spoke again. “Let’s get Tom Kelly to put a heavy guard on the Moffett site.” He put his glasses on and opened up another folder on his desk. “You know, armed patrols, a couple of tanks, night vision-goggles.” 
He glanced up at Sam. “We damn near got knocked back a half year by some conspiracy nut who thinks the aliens are a scam, and he’s still on the loose. I want our production sites locked down, and I want this kid found and buried head first out in the Sonora Desert.
 
Falling Towards Change
Waikiki
O’ahu, Hawaii
July 7th, 2026
Mike sat in the hotel lobby with a quiet young corporal from the service battalion. The young man hadn’t said two words during the short trip from Mauna Kea. Mike had finally broken through by buying him a beer from the hotel bar and pouring it into one of the cups from the complimentary lemon-water stand. As they sat in the lobby drinking their covert beer, the shared breaking of the rules finally convinced the young man that it was ok to chat.
He had known Christina, one of his fellow soldiers from the battalion, for over two years and had just recently found the courage to talk to her. Unfortunately, she was an officer. The military took a stern view on fraternization and Christina had approached Keira with a scheme that would let the star-crossed couple have some time together.  
The two men were waiting for Christina and Keira to arrive so they could switch up. Officially, Keira and Christina were travelling together on their three-day vacation, while Mike and Corporal John Alvarez were a second, separate pair. Both men had come on an earlier chopper and Mike had already been to the front desk to inquire about the possibility of changing their four single rooms to two small junior suites. 
He had been shocked to learn that the penthouse suite was slightly cheaper than the four rooms put together. He and John had gone up to check it out and they were amazed. The suite took up the entire top floor of the small hotel and it was the size of a large two-bedroom apartment. They headed straight back to the lobby and struck a deal with the attendant who agreed to bill the government for the original four rooms in return for a small honorarium. 
Now, the two men set their beer down and headed for the entryway as a sedan rolled to a stop under the portico. Two young women in uniform got out and walked in the door, their faces lighting up in reflection of the happy grins awaiting them. “What are the rooms like?” Keira asked as she and Mike came up for air. 
“Just you wait and see.” Mike took her small duffel bag. “Is the rest of your luggage out front?” he said as he looked out through the glass front of the lobby.
“Everything I need is right here,” she responded, one eyebrow lifting playfully. 
The bag was pretty small, which Mike took as a very good sign. 
Two glorious hours later, they lay on the king-sized bed, watching the ocean between the larger hotels on Kalakaua Avenue. “Who do you think will go?” Keira asked the question that was on everyone’s mind lately. A bank of computers sat in the atrium of the telescope facility giving staff a chance to put their names forward for service with the response fleet. Keira had put her name in almost immediately and her chances were very good. As an engineer, her application was largely considered a mere formality.
After a week of soul-searching, Mike had begun thinking of excuses to put his own name forward. He knew the layout of the mining facility as well as anyone on Earth, and his knowledge of the terrain far exceeded any other candidate. He had been surprised and flattered when he had discussed it with Colonel McCutcheon. 
“Of course you have to come,” the man had sounded as if he were speaking to a dimwit but his smile softened the effect. “I’m going to need a good maneuver analyst and it would be a damn sight easier training you on the equipment capabilities than training one of our operators on the Martian soil properties.” He slapped him on the back as he stood to go for lunch. “Don’t know what a regolith is and don’t much care to; that’s why we want you along. Just put your name in and leave the narrative box blank, for all I care; you’re a no-brainer.”
As he watched the officer walk away he realized McCutcheon was right. All those years trying to hide away in various universities had left him with a unique skill set that fit the situation perfectly. They really did need him. If he didn’t go, they would have a hard time finding a suitable replacement.
Still, Mike had waited until he was sure Keira would be going before putting his name in. Even though the rest of his life had fallen automatically into place, she was the one thing that he’d needed to work for. She had ignored him at first. Soldiers get redeployed every few years and romances tend to be short lived: especially with civilians whose jobs aren’t portable. His persistence, and his complete inability to hide his attraction to her, had finally won her over. He had no intention of leaving Earth unless she would be going as well.
She’d sat with him as he filed his request. His phone buzzed with an automated selection notice before he had even logged off from the terminal. McCutcheon had obviously put a note in Mike’s file, advising automatic acceptance.
Now, laying on the bed, he stretched luxuriously, thoroughly enjoying what may well be his last chance to enjoy the comforts of Earth. “Well, both of us are going, but you need to make sure you get assigned to the flagship, he said. “I’m going to be stuck in the analysis cell on the Ares, so I won’t be able to go visiting other ships…”
“Do you think Dr. Colbert will be going?” Keira asked as if it meant nothing to her one way or the other. “She’s pretty, don’t you think? Smart too…”
How the hell do I answer that without getting into trouble? Mike thought. Does she just want to paint me into a corner so she can get angry at me, or is there some kind of right answer? He decided the bare truth would work best. “She is pretty,” he began in a tone of mild surprise. “I’d kind of forgotten that a couple of months ago.” He grinned at her. “You think I stand a chance with her?”
She laughed and shoved him out of the bed. “Let’s get dressed and see if Christina and John are up for getting some lunch.”
Mike pulled the sheet from over his head. I may be the first guy in history to make it through the unwinnable scenario in one piece. 
 
Galileo Shipyard
Low Earth Orbit
July 15th, 2026
Frank hit the release on his harness and drifted forward to the cockpit windows. Oh shit! Too fast!  He put out both arms to catch the pilot and co-pilot seats. Fortunately, they were not currently controlling the huge airship and, though startled by his impact, they were not unduly disturbed. “Sorry, guys; pushed off too hard.”
He looked out the window where the first module, lifted into space eleven days ago, was securely fastened to one of the three dockyard habitation modules that had been lifted ten days ago.
 Each lift involved a little over a week in transit. The low altitude airship picked up cargo from one of the various transfer yards in Europe and lifted it to an altitude of 140,000 feet. Once there, it docked with the transfer station, a three mile wide octopus platform held aloft by massive helium bladders in each of it’s eight arms. From the transfer station, the modules would continue their journey to space aboard the much larger, orbital airships. 
The orbital airships, too large to survive the weather of the lower atmosphere, had been assembled at the floating transfer station and they operated between there and the orbital shipyards. 
Frank had ridden up from Portugal with the second frigate module. He had watched the huge mass of steel, aluminum and carbon fiber as it was carefully maneuvered across the central floor of the transfer station to one of the loading doors for an orbital ascender. He’d felt a moment of almost supernatural dread at knowing that he was standing in a massively heavy structure, floating within the atmosphere of Earth. He’d felt suddenly certain that it had no place being there and that it would succumb to gravity at any moment.
The station had not fallen, of course, and he’d boarded the massive ascender, marveling at the incredible size. It was more than fifteen times the size of the ill-fated Hindenburg and Frank had cringed the moment the unsettling statistic had come into his mind. A leisurely five day ride propelled by a mix of chemical and ion rocketry had brought them to this final destination at the Galileo Shipyard.
Frank was intent on watching the activity on the station. Tethered workers swarmed around the edges of the module, ready with gusset pins and welding gear, waiting to begin the first orbital modular ship assembly in Human history. He hadn’t even noticed the vibration as the airship’s huge loading door began to open until the co-pilot remarked on it. 
A team of four thruster crews approached as the door swung open beneath them. The four crews carefully entered the craft and Frank pushed away from the chairs, heading back to the central stair where he grasped the railing and rotated almost gracefully over it, pulling himself downward to reach the lower crew level where the bunks were. 
His smug satisfaction at his neat maneuvering was spoiled somewhat when his left ankle struck painfully against one of the carbon beams of the upper deck. He grabbed his foot instinctively and curled into a ball, thudding gently against the last couple of stairs in his distracted state. 
“You OK Frank?” Brad, the payload specialist was watching with an amused grin. His station was at the large window at the back of the crew compartment . It gave an unobstructed view into the hold and he had turned at the sound of the creaking railing to watch Frank bounce off the stairs and drift toward the bow of the ship.
“OK, for a first-timer, I suppose,” Frank let go of his ankle and rubbed at his left shoulder where it had struck the stairs. 
“The head,” Brad shouted.
Frank ran a hand over his head, pulling it away to check for blood as he drifted.
“No, you numbskull, you’re going to smash into the head!” Brad pointed.
Bender did a few twists, managing to spin like a falling cat and saw that he was about to knock the ship’s only toilet off its mounting. He managed to grab the edge of a bulkhead and his remaining kinetic energy swung him around the new pivot point, slamming him harmlessly into the light-weight aluminum foam panel.
“Slowly,” the payload specialist advised. “Just a light push and then you can brachiate along the ceiling beams.”
Frank followed the advice and made his way aft to the window. He was just in time to see the last thruster team maneuver into position at the starboard side of the ship module. “Those guys are quick; I almost made an ass of myself for nothing.” 
“Hey, if nothing else, I found it pretty entertaining.”
The last team reached the yellow and black target symbols on the module and grasped the handholds welded to its bulkheads. They muscled the thruster unit gently towards the five orange-rimmed holes, inserting the thruster’s registration pins and closing it’s clamp. Both men grabbed onto the thruster’s handholds to stay out the way of the nozzles and the team lead threw the switch to place the unit under central control. 
The team leader used a combined set of controls, linking the four individual thrusters, allowing a simple, three-axis control scheme for the short flight from the cargo hold to the linkup of the two ship modules. Brad put a hand to his earpiece before reaching down and activating a series of controls on a long touch-screen that was strapped to his arm. “Confirm release of restraint clamps,” he said, before nodding at the crackle that even Frank could hear from the headset. 
With a series of small silent puffs, the module lifted away from the floor of the hold and began to move out into the void of space. Frank moved up to the ceiling and pulled himself along the beams until he reached the stairs. Positioning himself on the bottom step, he pushed off lightly and reached up to grab the railing that ran around the upper edge of the staircase. 
Moving his hands to the side rails, he brought his feet up and over the end rail and settled on the floor, an unnecessary step but he was still used to using the floor. The beams here were enclosed by removable panels and so he pushed off ever so lightly, drifting across to the same chairs that he had smashed into earlier.
He gently arrested his forward motion by grasping the back of the co-pilots chair and he was delighted to see that his arrival had not been noticed this time. He looked out the window and saw that the module had already cleared the cargo hold.
At this point, there was no reason to keep the gigantic orbital airship on station, but after so much time to get there, everyone on board wanted to see the first two modules come together. Brad drifted over from the stairs along with Rob, the flight engineer and the entire crew watched the dangerous ballet unfold.
At the twenty meter-mark, the thrust team leader handed control over to the computer. This was the part of the assembly that scared Frank the most. On Earth, cruise ship modules were easier to control because gravity was a solid, predictable force and a good crane operator could quickly bring the massive segments into place.
Here in orbit, it was hard to imagine controlling so much mass with four relatively small thruster units and he said as much out loud as they  watched the deadly operation unfold. 
“It’s no different from getting around inside this crew compartment,” Brad answered, still looking out the window. “Out here, even a small amount of force can move a huge object. With no friction or gravity to fight against, you can get the job done with very little effort.” He grinned, still watching the module as it crept towards its mate. “The other advantage of using as little force as possible is that it’s easier to correct if you get it wrong. That way you avoid destroying a ship or having to crap in bags for the next five days.” 
Frank chuckled. Brad’s inside joke made no sense to the rest of the crew and they were frowning slightly, trying to figure out where the sudden scatological reference had come from. The moment was too tense for a humorous re-telling of the near-accident and so they concentrated on the scene before them. 
The pilot activated a touch-screen on his console, opening a channel selector and tapped the line labeled Galileo Shipyard – Thruster Team. “I shut it off as soon as they were out of the hold,” he said to the men around him. “It’s in the procedure manual - meant to prevent accidental chatter from our end distracting the crew but I don’t see the harm in keeping it on, just this once.” He scanned the screen, tapping the output menu and nodding. “As long as our end is muted, that is.” He looked back out the window.
“Tango Lima; ten meters, over.” The crew jumped as the voice blasted out of the speakers. 
“Sorry.” The pilot stabbed at the controls, dragging the volume slider down with a finger, then re-checked the mute controls for output as the station controller answered.
“Golf Charlie; ten meters, over.”
“Tango Lima; three meters, over.,”
“Golf Charlie; three meters, over.”
“Tango Lima; two meters, rotational adjustment, over.”
“Golf Charlie; roger that, two meters, confirm rotational correction on visual, over.”
Frank was trying to remain calm. He was of two minds about using automated controls to guide the modules together. He realized that computers were as fallible as the programmers who built the code but the software had extensive redundancies built in. Several feedback loops connected the sensor gear to the thruster control algorithms and, in theory, the system should be able to line up the holes of the gusset plates to within a thousandth of an inch. 
He knew that a human thrust controller could easily sneeze during a critical moment and trigger a disaster, but he also knew that a programmer on Earth could easily make an error that could be missed by all of the validations and reviews and remain dormant throughout months of use. Such an error might manifest itself suddenly, triggering a massive burst from the thrusters that could smash the module into a growing ship, killing assembly workers or even sending the embryonic ship straight down into the burning embrace of the planet’s atmosphere.
Knowing that the team leader had the final option of physically disconnecting the computer controls and taking over the system gave everyone a measure of comfort, but Frank was still nervous as he watched the heavy ship components grow closer.
“Tango Lima; roger, rotation effective, half meter, over.”
Frank knew that men were waiting at each gusset plate with long tapered rods inserted through the bolt holes, aiming the pointed ends towards the corresponding holes in the approaching module. 
Small silent jets of gas were visible as the two sections of the frigate closed the final distance, slowing the progress. The team leader called out the final distance in centimeters.
“Tango Lima; one hundred, seventy five, fifty, thirty, twenty – pins aligned – ten, five, four, three, two, one, contact, no re-bound, over.”
“Golf Charlie; roger that, contact, no re-bound. Good flying. Proceed with attachment, out.”
The men in the cockpit of the airship breathed a collective sigh of relief as they watched the silent flashes of the arc welders through the shielded cockpit windows. The UNS frigate Amazon was finally under construction. The last hurdle had been jumped. The entire plan was now proven possible and, given enough time, this first frigate would be assembled and operational, ready to defend its home world. Given enough time, entire fleets would be ready, not only to defend Earth, but also to travel to Mars and fight the enemy there.
And recent news had made it clear that a fight on Mars would be necessary. There were survivors to rescue.
 
Red Flag Mineral Co. 
Sixty Meter Observatory 
Mauna Kea, Hawaii
July 15th, 2026
Jan sat at the conference table in the atrium and stared up at the large screen, showing the latest imagery captured from Mars. The aliens had been busy, setting up a large complex on the surface and aggressively exploiting the planet’s resources. Mine shafts had been driven into several locations on Olympus Mons and processing facilities had sprung up at each. Ground transport had also been developed, with roads and an elevated maglev rail connecting the mining sites with the production facilities on the plain below.
She reached out and grabbed her cup, enjoying the warmth that leached into her hands as she cradled the hot coffee. Army logistics had provided a stock of tea for their British staff but it was horrid. The coffee was far better and so – when in Rome… The momentary comfort relaxed her mind, shifting her train of thought. She realized that, though much growth was in evidence, something about the image seemed backwards. “Colonel McCutcheon, could you give us a before-and-after of the main site?”
McCutcheon nodded over to a corporal who split the display screen, bringing up an older file image. The difference between the two was impressive. Recent building activity had enlarged the enemy complex by four hundred percent.
“That stack of capsules has been shrinking,” she said out loud.
“Fuel cells?” ventured Pete.
“I don’t know,” Jan mused quietly. “The size - they look just right for holding an alien.”
“Stasis pods?” McCutcheon offered.
“That’s what I’m thinking,” Jan was still looking up at the two images. But not just stasis. “If they carried them all this way on board, why waste the resources needed to ship them down to the planet when they could revive them and ship down the individuals?” She looked around the table. “Why waste energy carrying the pods to the surface?”
“Well it’s obvious that they did just that,” Dr. Tudor pointed out.
“Did they really?” Jan thought for a moment. “The sudden burst in activity follows the sudden reduction in capsules, so I think it’s reasonable to consider the possibility that the capsules held a workforce.” What exactly am I trying to say? she looked down at her mug. I need another coffee but the pot is empty. Why does it always seem like I’m the only one who makes a new pot. 
Suddenly, she smiled.
She got up and walked over to the percolator leaving the rest to argue.  It was one of the big cylindrical forty cup machines that every army headquarters unit was sure to have and reloading it would give her mind a few moments to think. She pulled out the filter unit – almost the size of a spare tire – and dumped it. She dropped it back in the top and put a new filter paper on the bottom. Making a pot means I get the first cup, the freshest possible coffee. 
She dumped a full bag of coffee into the filter unit, leaning over to sniff the rich earthy scent. She put the lid on top and flicked the switch to start the heater. “You only make coffee when you need it,” she said loudly as she turned and leaned against the table. Some of her colleagues looked a little shame-faced at that but most had caught her tone; she was making a point and not about coffee.
“Unless you’re Mike,” she added, to General laughter. Mike’s tolerance for stale coffee was something of a legend on the mountain. “The rest of us only make a pot when we need it and I think that’s what our alien neighbors are up to with these pods.”
“Dr. Colbert, I believe you’ve already made that point,” said Tudor. “They’re defrosting colonists, yes?”
“You’re still thinking like Mike,” she responded with a grin. “They aren’t popping them in the microwave; they’re making them. It explains why they started to ship them all down months in advance of when they were activated. They didn’t carry them from their home world, they manufactured the pods on site and cloned laborers. Because they don’t have room on board the ship, they sent them down to the surface while the pods finished the cloning process; possibly implanting knowledge so the product would come out ‘ready to use’.”
“Or ready to fight,” Young offered. "Might be why they haven't come here yet. Take a foothold on Mars, set up a logistics base and clone the invasion force onsite." He nodded to himself. "The shorter your logistics supply train, the better. If they don't have to rely on their home world for re-supply and reinforcements, they're more efficient - at least if their enemy can't reach their logistics base."
“Then they've got a surprise coming." McCutcheon muttered darkly. "Regardless of their reasons, those pods would be well worth trying to grab when we hit the ground.” He turned to the corporal who was serving as projectionist. “Dan, how many time frames do we have for this site?”
Dan opened up a file folder. “Looks like ten or eleven.” 
“Put them up in sequence starting from the earliest,” the colonel suggested.
As they watched, the original showed no capsules but, as each subsequent image came up, they could see a steadily-growing number. The latest image showed that they had been almost entirely depleted. McCutcheon was pleased. “It’s not proof, but it certainly matches your theory Dr. Colbert. If they’d brought all those capsules with them from their homeworld, they probably would have revived them on the ship. Waste of space to ship them down in capsules.” He scribbled some notes on the pad in front of him. “It definitely seems to indicate the use of on-demand manufacturing at the very least.”
“One bit of good news,” he continued. “Their aggressive patrolling seems to have reached its zenith.” He nodded at Dan who brought up a new graphic showing a larger area with a red hash-marked area surrounding the production site. “The patrols have stopped expanding their coverage. Dr. Wilsen believes that their vehicles are having trouble with the soil and blowing dust. 
“Our survivors, if they did in fact survive, are in a cave ten kilometers outside of the current patrol zone.” He pointed to the blue symbol to the left of the alien site. “There’s a habitat inside the cave and enough food and water to keep them alive for almost three years.”
“When do we get there?” Mike asked.
“Just under three years.” McCutcheon looked grim. “I wouldn’t want to spend three years cooped up in a cave, but they have electronic files of every book ever written and tons of other media. As long as they don’t get cabin fever and start killing each other, they should be more or less sane when we pick them up.” He stood. “Let’s call it a day; write up your findings and send them to the collator by sixteen hundred. Thanks, everyone.”
As the team began to drift away, the colonel came over to Jan and began fixing a cup of coffee. “Nice work today, Doctor” he remarked casually, pouring three packets of sugar into the fresh brew.
“Thanks, it came to me when I was thinking about making coffee.”
He took a sip, nodding his approval at the strength of the beverage. “However it came to you, it came to you, not to any of the rest of us.” He looked at her keenly. “I notice that you haven’t put your name in for the response fleet. We could use you.”
Jan shrugged. “I wasn’t really sure whether I would be able to earn my keep if I went along.” 
“That’s the thing about working in intelligence,” he replied, gazing absently at the percolator. “You never know what kind of contribution you might make until it happens. You could spend years sifting through garbage but that one flash of insight could save thousands of lives on both sides of a conflict.” He turned to face her directly. “You had an impressive flash of insight today and it may well be of great technical importance for us. Whether or not it turns out to be the case, you have the kind of analytical mind and fertile imagination that we need to have on this team. Once we capture that site,” he said, pointing up at the image on the screen, “I’m going to want you down there, going through he place with a fine tooth comb.” 
Jan was surprised. I know I’m a good professor and a solid scientist but it will be a much faster pace with the fleet. “Colonel, if I miss something I could get a lot of good people killed.”
He shrugged. “If you don’t come with us, you make it a certainty that you will miss something, everything in fact.” He drained his coffee, rinsed out the mug and shoved it into a large pocket on his tunic. “Consider this: I would welcome any member of this current team but you are the only one that I’ve approached about going. We need you.” With that, he turned and headed for his office.
He’s right, Jan thought, shocked. I might miss something and get someone killed, but staying behind guarantees that I’ll miss everything that I might otherwise have caught. She had been holding back because of Liam. She had been unable to shake the feeling that she would be going simply to stay near him. Now, Colonel McCutcheon had made her realize that she had every right to go; in fact, he had presented it as her responsibility.
She crossed the atrium, sitting down at one of the dedicated application terminals and began to type.
 
Chur 
Graubünden, Switzerland
November 17th, 2026
Märti Bohren sat in his cold bachelor apartment watching the news. Angry chanting wafted up from the street outside as protestors marched by. Unrest was growing around the world. Many countries were becoming openly belligerent about the debt loads that had been assessed to them in support of fleet construction. France, once known for its social programs, had been forced to institute severe cutbacks and citizens there were taking to the streets for more than just peaceful protest.
People who had counted on free health care and retirement benefits suddenly found themselves forced to pay huge fees, not to mention supporting their retired relatives who had lost most, if not all, of their government pensions. The riots had been growing in number and violence and it had reached a point where it was beginning to bring the nation’s economy to a standstill. 
In a briefing that morning, Märti and his brother officers had been told they would be placed on 48 hours notice for a UN-led intervention. The last thing the world needed right now, or so they had been told, was for countries to stop paying their allotted share for the defense of Earth and France was only one of many countries teetering on the brink. Märti and his men, all natives of Graubünden, were chosen for their ability to speak not only English, but the three languages of Switzerland which included  a dialect of French.
He shivered, unsure of whether it was because of the new restrictions on household heating, or the growing dread of the imminent deployment to France. He had no doubts that he would soon find himself patrolling the streets of Paris where, after two months of training in Hawaii, he would continue to feel the cold.
The worst of it was that his sympathies were with the protestors. He knew that Switzerland’s own universal health care system was on the rocks. Only by pulling strings did he manage to get approval for his mother’s eye surgery. In another few months, he knew that many Swiss families would be forced to choose between treatment or food.
How could he suppress angry French protestors when he would rather join them?
His phone began to vibrate in his pocket. He had put it on mute during the briefing and hadn’t bothered to reset it. He pulled it out reluctantly, looking down to see the name of his colonel, Petrus Fohn. The fan-out must have started. “Sir,” he answered simply. The colonel appreciated brevity.
“Major Bohren, we deploy to Paris in two days; have your companies ready for loading at Dübendorf on the twentieth at eleven hundred hours.” There was a slight pause as always, giving time for orders to be written down. “Is that fully understood, Major?”
“Understood, sir. Both of my companies to report to Dübendorf for transport on the twentieth of this month. Loading to commence at eleven hundred hours, full roll call will be completed by zero nine hundred hours in front of 3rd Air Transport Wing headquarters.” He stopped for a heartbeat, considering. “Sir, how far are we taking this action?”
The colonel’s tone was tired, resigned. “We’ll do what we must to keep them from collapsing,” he answered. His tone was the only indication of his disapproval, the closest he’d ever come to speaking against orders. 
Märti hung up and pulled up the number for one of his company commanders. Until a month ago, he had been a captain in charge of a single company, but an accident had killed a senior officer and the resulting shuffle had seen several promotions, leaving him in charge of a newly-formed, shrunken battalion of two companies. Though his parents were pleased, Märti would have gladly forgone the promotion if he could have avoided suppressing hungry protestors. He almost looked forward to training aboard the Hermann once she became operational.
 
The Groundskeeper Coffee House
Manhattan, New York
November 28th, 2026.
Callum looked up as Mark Frey set his mug on the table and dropped into a seat across from him. “Fired on the crowd,” Cal said, holding up the newspaper that he had been reading. “There were a few rocks thrown, maybe a Molotov cocktail or two, but no soldiers were hurt beyond a couple of minor cuts, and the bastards fired on a crowd of hungry civilians.” He slapped the paper on the table in anger.
His tirade went largely unnoticed. The Groundskeeper, or GK, was known as a hotbed of political argument and one more angry young man would not attract any attention. It was the main reason that Mark had suggested it when Cal first approached him. Cal had contacted Kevin through a rented mailbox after reaching New York to ask for Mark’s information. 
Before everything had fallen apart at Moffett Field, the two men had discussed the possibility of setting up a new cell on the east coast. Kevin had mentioned a like-minded cousin who worked as a cab driver in Midtown Manhattan, and Cal was eager to use the connection to get a head start on his new group. The first follower was always the hardest. After that, you had access to their friends and networks.
Mark nodded, his expression grave. “They use the Swiss and Canadians against the French,” he growled. “Then, once France is under their thumb, they’ll use the French against someone else.” 
“And how long before they’re sent here?” Cal waved around the room with his left hand. “How long before they don’t even need to? They might just be able to do it with our own soldiers.” 
“That’s how the UN does it,” Mark agreed. “One country at a time, using our own resources against us.” He leaned over the table. “You know, I pick up a guy at Kennedy every week, and he told me this was going down.” He nodded at the paper on the table. “By the time I got him to the UN, he had pretty much told me the whole plan, except for the Canadians. They must have been a last-minute addition.”
“Might work,” Cal mused. “From what I read on a blog about it this morning, the Canadian version of French has been diverging for centuries. France left them on their own a long time ago.” He chuckled. “The minute one of them speaks, the French won’t be able to resist the urge to tell them to ‘stop speaking English’. They’ll be too busy with witty comments to keep on rioting.”
One of the GK staff came over with a small steel coffee pot. Mark held out his mug for a refill and then nodded to Cal. “Try this; they source grinds for regulars and keep them in those fancy little cubbies over there,” he said, waving his mug in the direction of the wall behind the counter. A bank of small, glass door compartments filled the upper half of the wall. Each door had a small chalkboard where a customer’s name and blends were written. A brass-framed ladder ran on a roller system, allowing quick access to the compartments.
“This is from a single farm in Costa Rica,” he explained. “I pay for the bag plus markup and that covers my tab until it runs out. I had them make some extra this morning.” He smiled his thanks at the young woman as she finished pouring and returned the small pot to a bank of brewers along the counter. “So, what can we do?”
Good question, thought Callum. The last time, I just built up a group by accident. I wasn’t thinking of taking action. By the time I decided to do something, I already had a large group to work with. He took a drink. It tasted OK, but not as fantastic as Mark seemed to think. Cal had a sneaking suspicion that the staff at GK had a huge vat of generic beans in the back and simply put them in small bags with fancy labels. The rest was just window dressing to help justify gouging the regulars.
Window dressing. Appearances. A cab looks like a cab until the passenger finds a gun in his face. A UN flunky who didn’t rate a limo may well be a more useful target than an actual ambassador. He would have less to lose by trading cooperation for his freedom. Cal smiled. “Mark, when do you pick up your regular fare from Kennedy?”
 
Notre-Dame Cathedral
Paris
November 29th, 2026
Märti sat against a pillar in the second bay of the nave, his head in his hands. He hadn’t slept in two days. His men had been posted throughout the city to prevent marches. The general consensus was that the growing crowds of angry, marching citizens were not going to decrease. If anything the numbers were growing at an alarming rate. The soldiers had been ordered to prevent all marches. By blocking their routes, it was hoped that they would eventually disperse and return to work.
It didn’t work.
Märti’s men had originally been placed throughout the city, but it soon became clear that every march had one common target - the river. Every mob would eventually head for one of the graceful arches that spanned the river, knowing that the best press coverage would be had at such picturesque sites. The Swiss soldiers had been moved to hold the bridges. Märti was using a boat to move up and down the river to check on his men.
He had just left the Pont Neuf at the downstream end of the Îsle de la Cité when his headset activated. The platoon guarding the smaller, left bank side of the bridge had reported seeing a large group heading their way along the Rue Dauphine. 
Märti was only a few meters away from the tip of the island and so he had the boat turn around and run up against the stone-faced embankment. He leapt out, running through the small park and up the stairs of the massive stone square where the statue of Henry IV sat on horseback. As he crossed the square and headed to the right, he could see some of his men closing the barriers while others donned their helmets and tested the grips of their riot shields.
He felt a moment’s concern as he saw that a young woman had stopped in mid-crossing, holding hands with a little girl of no more than two years. She had obviously realized that she wouldn’t be able to reach the other end with an angry mob in the way and was trying to decide on the safest course of action. The lieutenant in charge of this platoon was trying to wave her back but she ignored him, taking shelter in one of the round bastions that jutted out over the river at each of the piers. 
The crowd surged onto the far end and flowed towards the soldiers, some wearing black ski masks, but most were showing their faces. They began to slow as they approached the barricade on the island side of the bridge, stopping at the seemingly standard distance of angry crowds everywhere.
Just inside of throwing range.
Sure enough the rocks began to rain down and the lieutenant bellowed an order. The second rank of men lifted their shields and pushed them forward, providing overhead cover for themselves and the men whose shields were used to guard the front. The maneuver would doubtless have been familiar to the Roman garrison of this same island, centuries ago.
The pace of the bombardment began to wane as the protestors started to run low on ammunition. Märti was starting to hope the stand-off would end without violence when he noticed one of the masked men lighting a Molotov cocktail. Running out in front of the crowd, he hurled the bottle and scurried back into the crowd, working his way through the mob. 
The bottle struck the ground a couple of feet in front of the line of soldiers, sheeting flame across the cobbles and up the legs of several men. “Steady,” Märti roared at the top of his lungs. The men were clad in fire-retardant uniforms and it would take a long time for a fire to burn through their heavy boots. One man, a corporal, close to the right-hand parapet of the bridge landing seemed to have forgotten that and he was frantically shrugging his left arm free of his heavy shield so he could slap at the flaming liquid on his legs.
The frightened man’s panic had opened a hole in the line and the crowd surged forward, pelting rocks into the hole. The soldier took a hit to the forehead and looked up with panic to see another man lighting a second Molotov cocktail. Before Märti or the lieutenant could reach him, the young man pulled his assault rifle from his shoulder, cocked it and opened fire in the general area of the masked man, who took a hit in the shoulder, dropping his missile. 
The bottle hit the ground, shattering and exposing its cargo of gasoline to the flaming wick of cloth that had been stuck in the neck. A carpet of flame spread under the feet of the protestors who were already struggling to get away from the gunfire. The Junior officer reached the man who was still firing wildly at the scattering crowd and, after a moment of indecision, pulled his pistol and shot him.
Märti was shocked at first but he realized that, if the man was beyond reason, then it would have been impossible to stop him without further casualties. For every second that he was still controlling his Stgw 220-a, twelve rounds could be fired into the crowd of civilians. If killing him, rather than wrestling him to the ground, saved even one innocent civilian, then the choice made by the lieutenant was the right one.
Though the junior officer obviously understood that in the heat of the moment, it was no comfort to him now. He was crouched by the body in a daze, his pistol still in his hand and tears streaming down his face. Märti dropped to one knee next to him, gently taking the pistol away. “You did what had to be done Leuzinger,” Märti spoke gently but loud enough for the men standing around them to hear as well. 
They would have been shocked by what happened and some would be angry at their officer. It was important that they understand. “More would have died if you hadn’t stopped him.” How many did die?” He helped Leuzinger over to the edge of the road where he leaned him against the parapet. He looked out across the bridge. At least five dead, and more than twenty wounded, one of whom was being pulled, screaming, out of the gasoline fire by two soldiers under the direction of the platoon medics.
Märti walked out into the carnage, stopping to apply a battle dressing to the arm of a wounded man who glared at him in impotent rage. Neither man spoke and Märti moved on as soon as he was finished. The wounded were being organized and assessed by the medics, one of whom was applying a small plastic sheet, taped on three sides to the chest wound of a middle-aged woman. 
Through the continual sounds of pain coming from the wounded, Märti heard the terrified screams of a little girl. In the heat of the moment, he had completely forgotten about the young woman and little girl who had been trying to cross the bridge. He raced over to the bastion where he found the small child kneeling by the body of the woman. 
Two wet holes in her black overcoat steamed in the cold air. One was over the heart. He knelt, checking for a pulse and finding none. The little girl looked up at Märti and, frightened by the stranger, she pushed at the woman with her tiny hands. “Mama,” she cried in French, still looking with fear at Märti. “You don’t sleep now!” Her words melted into incoherent sounds of fear and anguish as she sat alone in this place of horror.
A private came over, crooning endearments softly in his accented French. The girl, her fear focused for the moment on the officer in front of her, allowed the young man to pick her up and carry her off towards the barricade. Märti knelt there, staring at the place where the little girl had been, and he tried to make sense of it. 
Why are we even here? What possible good is there in pitting soldiers against desperate civilians? He looked up as he heard his men exclaiming quietly behind him. At the far end of the bridge, several television news vans had already begun to set up. He looked back to the barricade. Finding the senior sergeant, he caught his eye and held up his hand with four fingers, then indicated the ground next to himself. The man nodded and selected four men, leading them over.
“Oberlin, help the medics with the wounded, anyone who can be moved should go to the island where we can arrange for transport to a hospital - wait…” As his mind cleared, he began to remember the reasons why he had chosen to garrison this island. “Open the barricade and back up a truck, get on the radio to the other platoons on the island.” His voice had taken on a new sense of urgency as he realized how close help was for the wounded. “We’ll take them to Hôtel Dieu.” 
Oberlin nodded and ran back to the barricade, shouting as he went. Märti headed for the medics to let them know the plan. The historic hospital housed one of the city’s foremost trauma centers and it was next to the cathedral, only a few hundred meters away. He stopped by the lead medic, telling him quickly so as not to unduly distract him from his work. The man seemed relieved to know how close the hospital was.
“Sir, you should find a way to let them know how many patients are coming,” the young medic advised as he worked to dress a sucking chest wound. “It could make the difference between life and death for some of these patients and perhaps the preservation of a leg or two.” He shouted at an idle soldier to finish the dressing while he moved on to another casualty.
Märti activated his headset. “Four two, this is Four, over.” He used French, despite the earlier decision to use Swiss Italian for all radio communication while in Paris. 
The response was almost instantaneous, the other units would have heard the weapons fire and gone to high alert. “Four two, standing by, over.”
“Four, I need a reliable man to get over to the hospital emergency ward at the Hôtel Dieu with a radio, over.”
“Four two, roger that, reliable man to the hospital. Will go in person right now, over.”
“Four, contact me when you find someone in charge, out.”
With the urgencies in hand, Märti found himself free again to wonder why he and his men should be there in the first place. This is worse than useless. He could feel a cold rage building. A rage against the fools who had decided that combat troops should be used as crowd control. We aren’t policemen; we don’t have their training or experience. What did they think would happen when a soldier came under fire? His thoughts were interrupted as his headset warbled in his ear, announcing an incoming transmission burst. 
“Four, this is Four Two, over.”
“Four, send, over.” Märti walked over to the senior medic.
“Four Two, roger, am at trauma center with front desk staff, over.”
“Four, wait one, over.” He handed the headset to the medic. “Take this, tell Four Two the particulars. Use French, we don’t want any delays in translation.” 
The medic donned the headset. “Four Two, this is Four One Mike, four times casualties with chest cavity wounds, two times casualties with abdominal wounds, less serious cases to follow, over.”
A pause ensued while the officer in charge of Second Platoon relayed the information to the trauma staff, then the headset chirped and crackled again.
“Four Two Mike, roger, two times casualties with grazing head wounds, eight times casualties with arm wounds, five times casualties with leg wounds, list ends, over.” He nodded at the reply, taking off the headset and handing it back to Märti. “He wants to talk to you again, sir.”
“Four, send, over.”
“Four Two, roger, staff are preparing. Sir, they aren’t very happy with us, over.”
“Four, they aren’t the only ones, out.” He disconnected and watched as the worst cases were loaded into the back of the platoon’s five-ton. Now we have given them something new to focus on.  He glanced over at the far end of the bridge where a horde of television news vans had congregated, completely blocking traffic on the Quai de Conti.
Now we have given the entire world something to focus on - the impression that we all live under a brutal regime and I am the face of that impression.
Two days later, he found himself leaning against a pillar inside of the great cathedral. He had seen the news coverage from dozens of outlets. Each had denounced the actions of the Swiss troops as excessive and brutal. Each report had included a shot of Märti on the bridge, standing amidst the chaos. Every report had invariably gone on to present a summary of his career. The implication could not be missed by even the dullest viewer: this was the man responsible for the brutality on the Pont Neuf.
The worst of it was that Märti could not claim that they were wrong. He was responsible for all of the men in his battalion and, if one of them cracked under stress, then he should have known that he was a risk. He knew that there was no chance of knowing all the men of his six platoons well enough to catch such a thing but both companies had captains, each platoon had lieutenants and each squad had a senior non-commissioned officer.
Every soldier had friends.
I wish I could say the same, Märti thought as the cold stone column drew the heat from his body. Even his company and platoon commanders had each other to talk to. It would be bad for the already-shaken morale of the battalion if Märti were to unload on one of his junior officers.
“You carry a great weight in your heart, Major Bohren.” The bluff voice startled him and he looked up to see an elderly priest standing in the center of the nave. He had apparently recognized the Swiss officer from the news. “Your young lieutenant also carries a heavy burden.” The priest had crossed the nave as he spoke and now sat against the pillar opposite Märti, facing him across the floor of the second bay.
Growing up, Märti had known some informal priests, but this man seemed out of place, sitting casually on the floor of one of the greatest cathedrals in Christendom as though he were about to pull out a picnic lunch. Even more unusual, he looked less like an aging priest and more like a retired army officer.
“Why don’t you tell me about it,” the older man suggested.
Leuzinger must have come here for confession, he thought. This priest knows what happened but can’t talk with me about it unless I tell him myself. He told the story, beginning from the moment he jumped out of the boat. The elderly man listened in silence and, when the major was done, shifted his position with a grimace.
“My natural cushion isn’t what it once was,” the old man explained as he settled. “If you could go back two days, what would you have done differently?”
Märti was surprised. He was not quite sure what to expect from this priest whom he had just met, but that question had gone neatly to the heart of his guilt. Despite appearing more concerned with his own buttocks, he was clearly listening very carefully. The question had sounded almost off-hand but that took away the tension, giving Märti time to think without feeling that an answer was immediately required.
“I don’t know, Father.” He frowned at the floor, seeing the events again in his mind. “I suppose I should have been quicker to replace the handful of men who had been hit by the gasoline. That might have saved her.”
If the priest noticed that the soldier hadn’t said them, he gave no sign of it. “A very dangerous choice,” he said with a barely perceptible shake of the head. “A gap in your defenses, even for just a moment, could have been all it took for a stand-off to become a melee.” He shifted again, with an apologetic smile. “What would happen, Major, if the crowd had broken through and come to blows with your men?”
Märti didn’t need time to think about that and the priest seemed to know it because he was now obviously waiting for an answer. “Chaos. More would have died. My men would have been overwhelmed by the crowd, someone would have begun shooting and then more would have joined in.”
 “Some of the crowd would have seized weapons from your men,” added the priest. “The south end of the island would have become a charnel house.”
This man seems to know a lot about the military, for a priest. “We shouldn’t have been here in the first place,” said Märti quietly. “My men are trained to fight soldiers, not hungry civilians angry at being forced to choose between food and medical care.”
The priest looked absently into the middle distance between them for a moment. “When I first entered the priesthood,” he began, seeing the past as though it hung there, between the pillars. “I wanted to study canon law but I found myself placed in charge of an orphanage.” He shifted to lean a bit to the right. “Imagine my outrage,” he smiled. “Rather than the exciting future that I had planned out, I was stuck in an unimportant little building in a back alley of Marseilles. Ahh, that’s better,” he said as he shifted to his left, leaning on one hand.
“Father, we should get up; the floor is too cold to sit on for any length of time.” He extended a hand and the man took it. As the priest came to his feet, Märti imagined the same scene, except the man was wearing fatigues and had webbing hanging about his torso as he came to his feet. It seemed far more natural than his current black clothing.
The older man clapped him on the shoulder with a friendly grin. “Let’s go for a walk.” He led the way out the massive front door and down onto the Quai du Marché Neuf. “In time,” he resumed his earlier theme, his breath misting in the cool autumn air, “I came to realize that I had been of far greater service in that little orphanage. Some of my children have gone on to do great things and I like to flatter myself that I had some small part in their young lives.” 
They walked in silence for a while, not the slow perambulation one associates with a strolling priest, but a quick purposeful stride. They passed the men at the Petit Pont and the Pont St. Michel. When they reached the Pont Neuf, the priest threaded his way through the soldiers at the barricade as though such things were an everyday occurrence for him. The men gave way with deference and he led Märti out to the middle of the bridge. One camera crew was there on the far end, no doubt doing a follow-up piece.
“We love to make plans,” he said, ignoring the camera. “But our plans do not take precedence and, quite often, our talents are needed where we least expect.” He turned to the down-river side and nodded towards the center bastion. “This is where you found her?” He hadn’t missed the reference earlier.
Märti sighed as the memory filled his senses. He could hear the screams of the wounded, the quiet urgency of the medics and, most of all, the screams of the little girl. He nodded silently, not trusting his voice.
“Major, it is my well-founded opinion that you could have done nothing to prevent this tragedy. In fact, you and your men did much in the aftermath to save the wounded.” He placed a comforting hand on Märti’s shoulder as he spoke. “Whether you believe it or not, I am one of the few who can make such a judgment based on personal experience. I have been in your shoes and I clearly remember how it felt all these years later.”
I know who this is, thought Märti. He remembered, years ago, reading a piece on the ‘Warrior Bishop’, a former officer with the  Légion étrangère who had served in Operation Mantra in Chad. Something had happened while there that had caused him to forsake his life of adventure and enter the seminary. He had never revealed his reasons to anyone and Märti realized that he now knew, more than anyone, why this man had changed the trajectory of his life three decades ago.
“You’re Bishop Cheverie, aren’t you?” He blurted the question in his surprise, even though he was already certain of the answer. 
The man turned and held out his hand.
Märti dropped to his left knee and he kissed the ring.
“I must admit to a small bit of subterfuge, my son,” he said as the officer climbed back to his feet. “I brought you here before revealing who I am.” He placed a guiding hand on his shoulder and they walked back to the barricade. “Though I believe you could have done nothing to prevent this tragedy, I also believe it important for the people of this city to believe it as well.” 
The men moved aside to let them back onto the island. “If you were seen as the figurehead of all that plagues our country, then more would die at these barricades. That is why I came here with you.” He stopped once they were past the barricades and turned to face Märti speaking loudly enough for the men of First Platoon to hear. “I would not have come if I believed you were to blame. No one can know what secret fears lurk in a man’s heart, and your young corporal would most likely have given his own life to save his comrades.” 
There was a murmur of agreement from the men at this. “He was a good man, Your Grace,” Leuzinger asserted sadly. “I wish I could have stopped him in some other way.”
“We should all mourn the passing of a good man,” the bishop replied gently. “But he was in the grip of a fear that put him beyond reason. If you hadn’t acted, how many more would now be dead?” He looked at the men. “You have been on the grenade range, yes?” As they nodded, he continued. “The range NCO in your bunker carries a sidearm. You know why this is.”
They nodded, some sneaking a glance at Leuzinger. The parallel was clear. A man who panicked while holding a live grenade could kill his comrades. It was the duty of the range NCO to ensure that the live grenade did not find its way over the back wall of the concrete cubicles. If that meant shooting the student, then that NCO would have a very difficult memory to live with.
“You can’t dwell on it,” Cheverie continued. “What happened was unavoidable. What was done, had to be done. I believe you’ve been brought here for a reason. Perhaps to learn, perhaps to teach…” He turned his gaze on Märti. “You must discover what that reason is.” With that, he nodded to the men and walked back up the street towards the cathedral.
 
Four Freedoms Park
Roosevelt Island, New York
December 5th, 2026
Mark spotted Callum leaning on the low sea-wall, looking out over the the East River and he walked over, joining him in gazing across at Manhattan. “Had a problem with the cab this morning,” he said casually. Cal grunted non-commitally. “I pulled our video gear before it went into the garage,” he continued. “I can try to get him talking on the way to Kennedy this Friday.”
“No need,” Cal grinned across the water where a protest march was starting to form up. “Change of plans. I had someone pick him up this morning and take him somewhere quiet.”
Mark stared at Cal’s grinning profile in silence for a few moments. “You had him picked up,” he repeated Callum’s words flatly. “You mean you abducted him?”  
“That’s right. We’ll interrogate him and then maybe have him record a video statement to help generate some buzz before we move into the next phase.” He looked over at Mark, awash with excitement. “We’re going to be very busy.”
“Wait a minute.” Mark cocked his head. “You had him picked up. You have someone else in the city helping you?”
Cal looked back at the city. “Compartmentalization, Marky my boy.” His face grew grim as he spoke. “Our group in Antioch is completely compromised because everyone knows about each other.” His hands were fists as they rested on the concrete sea-wall. “That won’t happen here. My capture team has no need to be seen with you or associated in any way with any of the other groups.”
“Other groups?” Mark’s eyes grew wide in surprise. “Shit, Cal, you haven’t even been here a month and you got yourself a whole network?” He leaned on the wall and looked out at the Lower East Side. “You could at least let me know about changes in plans that do affect me. I was worried about missing our target this morning. I was all set to get him talking about what happened in Paris, and you went and changed the whole game.” He swiveled to look at Cal again, suspicion clouding his features. “Did you sabotage my cab last night?”
Cal grimaced, looking down at the river. “Had to look natural, didn’t it? This way, your dispatcher can tell the police that you were clocked off when the kidnapping went down – no way you would have been anywhere near Kennedy when your regular customer went missing.” He looked around them quickly before continuing. “Listen, Mark, you and I are the planners. It was a mistake for me to risk you on an operation so I pulled you, and put in a different team.” 
There was no such team, of course, Cal was entirely on his own. He couldn’t put his finger on it, but there was something about Mark that set off alarms in his head. Kevin had gone to ground, so Cal couldn’t ask him about his cousin. Mark had a very… federal… feeling about him. 
Cal decided to let him believe there was a network. That would give him the time he needed. He could plan and execute his operation while they were hoping to gain access to his fictional network of operators.
 “So what are we planning?”
A wolfish grin spread across Callum’s face. “We use the UN prisoner as our voice. Video messages on the web and every major news outlet. People will watch because we’re going to drive a big load of explosives right up to the Secretariat and set them off.”
The best misdirection always had a grain of truth in it.
 
UNS Hermann
Cassini Proving Grounds, 
Geosynchronous Orbit
January 5th, 2027
Frank brachiated onto the observation deck like a pro. The two day delay in launching the medium cruiser had left him stranded on the Amazon and he had spent his time exploring the small frigate from stem to stern as she guarded the shipyard. A ship-to-ship shuttle had transferred him over to the new ship once the engine glitch had been sorted out and the crew-ban lifted. Until the ship was capable of leaving Earth’s gravity-well under her own power, all non-essential personnel were refused permission to board. 
He had been awestruck by the size of the Amazon. It contained more than three times the volume of the contemporary surface frigates that plied Earth’s oceans. The frigates, all named for rivers, were the smallest of the fleet and were designed for fast acceleration while still carrying a considerable armament.  The Amazon’s complement of twenty 105mm and fifteen 155mm guns were adapted straight out of the self propelled howitzers that had served in Earth’s many bloody conflicts.
The turrets were drastically shrunken compared to their terrestrial cousins as they had no need to hold crewmen. Auto-loading shunts, nicknamed ‘powder monkeys’, fed ammunition from central magazines located in the middle of the vessel. A smaller complement of close-in weapon systems or CIWS was spread around the outer surface in an attempt to provide a last defense against incoming weapons such as missiles.
Approaching the Hermann – all cruisers were named for famous warriors - Frank had been reminded of just how small the frigates really were. The Amazon may have been bigger than a surface frigate, but the Hermann’s dimensions were more than double that of the Amazon, giving her a volume that was roughly eight times as much. 
The Hermann bristled with weapons. She carried thirty 105mm and thirty 155mm guns as a base armament but also carried four 250mm bow chasers as well as two more mounted aft as stern chasers. The emphasis of this vessel was obviously on attack, though she could still sting in withdrawal. At the ship’s heart was the strategic magazine where twenty W87 thermonuclear warheads lay strapped into storage racks. The warheads had been harvested from American Peacekeeper missiles and their modified casings lay in racks on the far wall. Heavy steel cones were provided to increase the chance of a warhead reaching an enemy ship under fire as well as more exotic ceramic foam shields to allow the warheads to reach a planet’s surface.
As with the Amazon, the Hermann bristled with an array of CIWS, mostly the updated version of the venerable Vulcan Gatling gun. She was a beautiful ship in an ugly sort of way. Both classes of escort vessel were simply designed, much like an elongated matchbox with a slight indent or hogging in the middle. The edges and corners were rounded off to provide a more effective firing solution but the look was definitely boxy. 
Today’s exercise would be maneuver and fire, and Frank was keenly aware of the numerous stanchions and grip handles that littered every interior surface of these vessels. The script called for an emergency thrust to bring the main battery to bear upon a target that currently sat at forty degrees off-axis. This would test the ship’s ability to quickly engage an unexpected target. The heavy 250mm guns could only traverse ten degrees due to the massive breech mechanisms and so the ship had to be swung about to bring her main armament into action.
This represented a change from the old naval tactic of ‘crossing the T’. In the days of sail, a ship’s main armament was mounted on the port and starboard sides. The bow often contained smaller, long-range guns intended to interdict an enemy’s rigging or punch a hole in her hull. A captain who crossed the T was one who had his broadside facing the bow of an enemy. A 44-gun frigate like the old USS Constitution could wreak crippling damage on a 74-gun ship of the line if she was crossing her enemy’s bow.
The Hermann turned that old rule on its head. Her sting lay in her nose, not in her broadside. By swinging to face the enemy, not only would the main battery be clear to fire, but also the entire flank armament of 105mm and 155mm guns could swivel on their turrets to face the enemy. The turrets could rotate by 360 degrees and the barrel itself rotated in a 180-degree arc within its mounting. 
“Emergency maneuver. All hands brace for impact.” The voice blared from speakers throughout the ship, followed by immediate activation of four of the eight maneuvering thrusters built into the bow and stern. The forward port thrusters and the aft starboard thrusters suddenly went to full power, and everyone on the observation deck scrambled to find handholds as a deep rumbling sound reverberated through the ship. For a moment, they looked at each other sheepishly as there was still no movement; it took a long time to get a ship this heavy moving.
After about five seconds, Frank noticed a tendency for his body to drift to starboard and he was slowly rotating around the handhold mounted to what he thought of as the ceiling. The tendency grew in strength as the spin accelerated. Screens mounted in the observation deck showed a plan version of the vessel, indicating the change in orientation. As they reached the twenty-degree mark, Frank could see the forward engines shut off on the port side and roar into life to starboard. The engines were fueled by a massive tank of liquid propellant. Though solid fuel engines were cheap and efficient, they couldn’t be shut off once started and would have been worse than useless for maneuvering.
There was a moment of reprieve as the ship ceased its rotational acceleration and then everyone in the room began to rotate in the opposite direction. The engines continued all the way to the forty-degree mark and then shut down, leaving the ship facing her target. The evolution had taken just over two seconds per degree. 
Now came the tense moment. The turret guns had been proven during the Amazon’s testing but everyone was a little nervous about the main armament’s viability. The nervous chatter on the mess deck had centered around the recoil tearing an opening in the hull. “Why else,” the head cook had intoned with a knowing look. “would I be needing to wear this?” He’d brandished his EVA helmet at Frank.
“All hands, all hands, main battery test beginning. All hands seal your EVA gear immediately. Test begins in twenty seconds.” An automated voice began a countdown as Frank forced himself to remain calm. He carefully pulled his helmet from the Velcro tab at his waist and slid it over his head. He felt a moment of relief as he pulled the locking ring, hearing the satisfying click as it engaged the seal around his neck. The automated voice took on a more artificial tone as the small speakers in his helmet activated.
Now, with ten seconds to go, his mind ran through the worst case scenario. What if the mounts fail? His hand sought the ceiling handle for reassurance. That barrel weighs a hell of a lot. If it came crashing back through the ship it would pass right through the magazines. He shuddered despite the uncomfortable heat of his suit. There were hundreds of charge canisters stored behind the main batteries. 
Once the projectile was rammed into the breech, the designated number of sealed charge canisters would then ride onto the loading rails and the breech block would force them in behind the outgoing round. The propellant contained it’s own oxidizers, allowing the loading compartment to be unpressurized. 
The charges were the greatest danger, Frank now realized. If a gun came free of its hydraulic dampening mechanism, it would almost certainly demolish the forward compartments of the ship, including the powder store for the main battery. Cellulose canisters were no match for the tons of steel that would tear through the magazine and a deadly cloud of propellant would be the result. The ensuing explosion would destroy the entire front half of the warship and cripple her, though it wasn’t certain any crew would be left alive anyway.
It was already too late to change most of the first fleet. The modules were already sitting in the transfer yard and there was no way to change the design. I need to get Kim involved in improving the designs for the next two fleets, Frank thought as the countdown reached zero. 
A deep bellow sounded through the ship, transmitting through the bulkheads. Monitors and other fixtures rattled for a few seconds while observers took note of the worst offenders for remedial action. Frank raised his hands involuntarily as a brilliant fireball blossomed from the end of the huge gun. The projectile was lost against the blackness of space and all eyes looked to the monitor where a fire control display was shown. 
The round ran true, passing through the center of the target twenty kilometers away. A chorus of oddly muffled cheers sounded in the room. Frank looked to the damage control option on the central monitor and breathed a sigh of relief. The weapon mounts, their housings and the bulkheads of the entire region around the main battery had optic fibers embedded in them. Any cracks would sever the optic conduits and register immediately on the damage control system.
The procedure repeated three more times for each of the forward guns before the main show could begin. Every weapon on the ship would now partake in a live fire exercise. The fire control panel came to life as operators in the Combat Information Center selected all batteries and designated the target as live. Frank looked out the windows in time to see turrets swing from the safety position to bear on the primary target.
The entire ship seemed wreathed in flames and combustion gases as the sound of close to thirty guns began to hammer through the ship. There was the sharper report of the 105’s mixed in with the deeper, sonorous booms of the 155’s. The 250’s were set to fire in sequence, partly to minimize the chance of damage to the ship, but also to ensure a steady stream of fire from the big guns.
With a cycle time of roughly twenty seconds, it was decided that an enemy might feel he had a short breathing space between volleys in which to think and act. By firing in sequence, one every five seconds, it was hoped that fear of the big guns might disrupt the enemy’s decision cycle.  
A section of the fire control display indicated that two starboard batteries and one dorsal battery had been tasked to a new target.  In unison, the selected weapons turned to the new target, their fire now converging on a single point ten kilometers from that side of the ship while the remaining guns continued to fire on the target to the front. 
Frank had seen enough and wanted to get below to the CIC before the next phase began. He made his way over to the hatch in the floor and passed through into the main dorsal-ventral trunk. He descended as quickly as he dared, remembering that several crewmen had broken their wrists by moving too fast and carelessly grabbing a handhold without considering the forces involved. 
He reached the CIC hatch and passed through one of the airlocks that allowed continued access in the event of a hull breach. Once inside, he nodded to the Swiss soldier who guarded the airlock and floated over to the fire control team. Their status board was far better than the display up on the observation deck. It showed each of the ship’s six main surfaces with color-coded zones indicating individual batteries. 
“Designate ventral five and six to target Zulu-Five-Five-Alpha.” The gunnery officer spoke as loudly as possible without shouting, his German accent oddly lost as he raised his voice.
“Ventral batteries five and six to target Zulu-Five-Five-Alpha, aye sir,” the gunnery director replied as he touched the screen to highlight the affected batteries, then touched the target designator on a list at the bottom. Frank wasn’t sure of the man’s rank as he was unfamiliar with German insignia. The individual turrets went gray as they traversed, going back to red as they came to bear. “Ventral five and six now engaging target Zulu-Five-Five-Alpha,” the man reported. “Ventral Five-Alpha is masked.”
The display showed the one turret still in gray. It would be unable to fire if another part of the ship were in the way. To ensure this, the weapons integrators had devised an ingenious system using adjustable physical barriers in the traverse mechanisms of each weapon. It was physically impossible for any gun to fire on a part of the ship. 
That plan was about to be put to the test.
The captain tapped his headset. “All hands, emergency maneuvering, brace for impact.” Deactivating the headset, he kept his eyes on the monitors in front of him as he began to issue orders. “Helm, bring us around to face target Zulu-Five-Five-Alpha.” The ship began to come about on a flat plane as though she were sitting on the Pacific. “Fire Control, deactivate exercise target Zulu-Three-One-Alpha,  activate exercise target  Zulu-Five-Five-Bravo and engage.” 
The new target now sat apart from the flat plane that the ship was spinning on. The fire control was programmed to offer corrections to the helmsman so that the ship could optimize the use of her gunnery. While engaging two targets, the ship herself made the third point  that changed a line to a plane. If she were aligned with that plane, then all dorsal and ventral guns should be able to hit either of the targets. 
“Releasing helm corrections,” the gunnery director called.
The helmsman looked at the captain, who nodded. “Engaging helm corrections.” He stabbed a finger at the screen on his console.
As the ship came around to bear on the new target, it began to roll slightly to starboard. “Coming into the plane. Ventral and port batteries unmasking. Interdict masking is active on five guns, four, three, interdict masking stable at two guns,” the gunnery director reported with pleased surprise as the ship ceased to move.
There were smiles and nods around the CIC. The deep booming thud of a 250mm gun sounded through the room as the forward battery once again had a target in its firing solution. 
“Fire Control, all batteries cease fire.” The captain grinned like a kid with a new toy, a toy that wouldn’t break apart and leave hundreds of men to asphyxiate in their suits. He tapped his headset again. “All hands, secure from action and report.” He drifted over to Frank, extending his hand with a smile. “It will do very nicely, Mr. Bender,” he said as they shook hands. “Do they come in red?”
 
Turtle Bay
Manhattan, New York
January 15th, 2027
Frank was just picking up his jacket from the table in the corner of his office when Jess walked in. “You know,” she said with an apologetic smile. “I really should check the clock before I go visiting. Meeting Ellen for lunch?” 
“Yeah, she’s downstairs in the cafeteria having a coffee while I was finishing up some work here.” He stood at his desk in front of a large portrait of Captain Samuel Bender. “She won’t mind waiting a little longer if you need something.”
Jess waved her hand “No, I was just looking for your first impression of the Hermann.” She headed for the door. “We can talk about it this afternoon.” She frowned as they both heard the sound of pounding feet. A security officer appeared in the open doorway.
“Madame Secretary, we have a bomb threat against the building. The FBI lost track of the suspect we were briefed on last month.” The man stepped into the office and turned on the television on the wall, setting it to one of the 24-hour news channels. “And our missing employee has finally surfaced.
“They tell me that the news outlets are currently their only source of information, but the government has deployed their standby units from the New York National Guard on the strength of what we’ve learned so far.” A man appeared on the screen, holding a newspaper in front of his chest. 
“My name is Jarl Brevik.” He sounded exhausted. “I work for the United Nations. My captors have given me a statement to read.” He looked slightly to the right, obviously reading cue cards. “The UN has fabricated the threat of alien invasion as a justification for taking over the countries of the world. Their brutality in suppressing the desperate citizens of France is only the beginning. By taking trillions of dollars from the economies of the world, they have artificially created the very conditions that justify armed intervention. The lost funds that have plunged us into anarchy are now being used to enslave us. There are no aliens, there is no fleet being built in orbit. These are lies to frighten us and keep us compliant while the takeover is carried out. I urge all reporters to investigate every scrap of information provided by the UN. Take no statement at face value and you will soon learn the truth.” 
After a short pause, he continued. “To ensure that our message is not forgotten, a massive explosion will occur at UN headquarters at twelve-forty-five today.”
The screen went blank. Then a visibly shaken anchorman  appeared. “Again, this was released just moments ago. An SNN producer has contacted the UN with a warning and we hope this proves to be a hoax, but we will have a unit on scene in just a few moments.” He raised a hand halfway to his ear before catching the reflex and putting it back down. “For those of you who are just joining us, a terrorist threat has been made against UN Headquarters here in New York. The stated time for the detonation is in just over ten minutes from now and we have Sarah Vigil live on the scene. Sarah, what can you tell us?”
There was a moment of confusion as the transmission was not quite ready from the SNN unit and the anchor’s gaze cast about the studio seeking instruction.
“Ma’am, we need to get you out of the building right now; we’re holding the elevator for you.” The security officer reached for her elbow. 
Jess shrugged him off. “You haven’t sounded the alarm; I won’t sneak out in an empty elevator while my staff stay behind in ignorance. Start the evacuation, Major.”
He shook his head firmly. “No, Ma’am. Our orders are very clear: no evac until we have you secured.” He began to reach for her again but Jess raised her hands.
“All right, I see there is no sense in arguing. It will only delay the general evacuation if we stand here and argue.”  She headed for the door with the relieved security officer behind her. She went into the hall, looked quickly around the walls and walked ten feet towards the elevator where she spun to the right and pulled the fire alarm handle on the wall. “Release the elevator, Major. I’m not leaving.” She turned and brushed past him, walking calmly back into Frank’s office. 
If she were a man, would I be staying as well or would I be running to catch that elevator right now? Frank followed her back into the room, wondering if he was about to die because he didn’t want to seem more afraid than a woman. Ellen would tell me I’m nothing but a big dumbass. 
Ellen!  He raced over to his coat where he had dropped it on a chair by the window, rifling through the pockets until he found his cell phone. 
 
~*~
Ellen often waited for Frank in the delegate’s dining room; it was far more entertaining than sitting on the couch in his office watching as he worked his way through the mound of change orders that invariably awaited him when he returned from a field inspection. Despite the initial variety of the dining room, the same themes always became apparent and she loved how the patterns emerged from the chaos.
The regulars invariably talked shop. There were broad gestures and swinging arms at some tables and quiet disagreement at others. The tourists and visitors tended to split evenly between the thrilled and the disappointed. Though many were excited by the idea of dining there, a sizeable proportion were unimpressed with the service after all the trouble of getting in.
The walk to her favorite table overlooking the East River always led her past conversations in at least three different languages. The table to her right was occupied by a delegation from the Seminole Tribe of Florida. They were dressed in traditional garb and spoke quietly in Miccosukee. Having grown up in Florida, Ellen knew they represented one of the few tribes never to be defeated by the US Army. In the mid 19th century, after years of open conflict costing over thirty million dollars, the government finally gave up attempts to remove them from their territory.
Their presence gave her some small measure of hope for Humanity. They managed to fight off almost ten times their number and maintain their way of life, she thought as she looked out the window at a dry bulk freighter as it made its way down the narrow channel between Manhattan and Roosevelt Island. At a table in front of her a family made the best of their lunch. 
Though she had a permanent pass giving her access to the Secretariat, including the delegates dining room, other visitors who wished to try lunch at the ‘open to the public’ facility had to reserve several days in advance. They also had to arrive at least an hour early to pass through screening and obtain their passes, leaving their driver’s licenses or passports with the security desk in the process. After all that, they were treated to a meal that often failed to delight. 
And the coffee maker was broken yet again.
The tourists in the room jumped as the fire alarm suddenly came to deafening life. Most of the delegates and regulars rolled their eyes in frustration. This would be the third time over the weekend that the contractors had accidentally triggered the alarm. Only a third of the building had evacuated last time and the fire fighters had been very clear that they would issue a heavy fine, special territory or not, if they failed to enforce a full evacuation for any fire alarm.
As the tourists got up to leave, the regulars shoveled their food down before standing. Ellen decided that she would have time to finish her tea before joining the tail end of the evacuation and was looking back out the window when her phone rang. “Elle, get out, right now.” 
“Frank, don’t be such a stickler,” she replied, setting her mug on the table. “I’ll probably be outside before you even get off the elevator.” Her voice became playful. “If this is the only way to get you out of your office, I may have to pull the alarm myself next time.”  
“Jess pulled the alarm. It’s not a fire, there’s a bomb threat. I need you to get out and head through the barricades. There’s tanks and National Guardsmen a few blocks away in any direction but they’ll let you through. Just get moving.” Frank sounded frightened.
“If there’s that much security at every access point, how do you figure someone is going to get a bomb through?” Ellen stood and shrugged her left arm into her coat before switching the phone from her right hand. She froze, staring out the window as the danger became apparent. “Frank, get in touch with whoever is in charge of security; the bomb is in the East River.” 
 
~*~
Frank looked out the window. A freighter had turned from the shipping lanes and was heading straight towards the Secretariat building. “Get out,” he yelled into the phone. “Head across Tudor Village; keep the buildings between you and the UN. Stay out of the streets; the blast might channel through the lower floors of the Secretariat and straight up the cross streets.” He looked over Jess who had approached the window. She turned pale, then left to find the security officer. 
“Elle, get as far away as you can, as fast as you can. I love you.” He hung up and ran after Jess, finding her in the hallway with the security detail. Herman Brecker was there and he moved over to Frank.
“We won’t have time to get you out,” he said simply, his German accent more pronounced under the tension. “You’re probably safer up here, even considering the risk of the building toppling over into the river. If we go down now, we’ll just get to the ground floor in time for the detonation.”
“You’re probably right, Herm.” Why does everyone change their accents when they sing or get stressed? he wondered irrelevantly. 
“Major,” Herman interrupted the conversation with Jess. “How far out are the fighters?”
“Ten minutes.”
“This’ll be over in six,” He responded. “We need to get those tanks re-deployed from the roadblocks to the bank of the East River.” He saw the glimmer of understanding in the officer’s eyes and he laid out the plan. “They need to load HE and fire on the ship’s bridge. If we can cripple her controls, she might drift back out into the current before detonating.”
The major relayed the plan over his radio and they all ran back to Frank’s office to see if it would have any effect. The ship was angled towards them from the channel running between Roosevelt Island and Manhattan. It looked as if it would lay alongside the river bank before detonating. A sudden dull thudding noise caused them all to crane their necks to the left. The closest M1 Abrams main-battle-tank had reached the bank from its post at 1st and East 47th and had opened fire on the ship with its 120mm main gun. 
The round entered through the starboard bridge wing and detonated somewhere in the middle of the bridge, sending a fireball of steel and glass out across the cargo area of the vessel. A few seconds later, a second round went in slightly lower, punching up to detonate closer to the wing. 
Almost simultaneously, a second tank began to fire from farther downstream, striking the bridge from a more direct angle. The rate of firing increased as the remainder of the unit brought their vehicles into firing positions. Their secondary armament of .50 caliber machine guns kept up a continuous bass chatter, chewing the flimsy bridge structure to pieces. 
The ship finally failed to answer her helm; no mechanical or electrical connections could survive that kind of pounding and she began to crab sideways back out into the river. Everyone in the room looked down at their watches; less than one minute left. 
 
~*~
“Mrs. Bender.” A plainclothes officer stood outside the front entrance waving at Ellen as she walked out through the front doors of the main building. He stood in front of a patrol car with flashing lights, parting the stream of evacuees that flooded out of the main entrance. He glanced down at a leather packet that was strapped to his left forearm, then back to Ellen’s face. “I’ve been assigned to locate you and move you to safety, ma’am,” he said politely but firmly as he escorted her to the back seat of the cruiser.
“My husband is still in there,” Ellen protested as she climbed in.
The officer looked in at her with a frown. “Is he on his way out?”
“I’m not sure,” she responded in a quiet voice. The way he said ‘I love you’ seemed a bit too final, she thought.
“I’m sorry, ma’am, but I’ve only been told to pick you up.” A loud booming noise sounded from somewhere near the river, followed by the sound of heavy machine gun fire. The officer looked over his shoulder as if expecting Frank to appear. “We need to move now.” He shut the door and ran around to the front of the vehicle.         
Hitting the siren, he began to move aggressively through the crowd in the roundabout, leaning on the horn and alarm chirper to clear the way. Once on 1st Avenue, he turned right and accelerated hard, braking before the turn onto East 44th and nailing the gas again. I might just get killed by my rescuer, thought Ellen as she slid against the right side door. She scrambled to get her seatbelt on as they swerved around the late lunchtime traffic. The congestion grew heavier, slowing their progress as they approached a massive office tower looming above 44th. 
He weaved his way past a stopped cab and raced across Lexington, driving straight into an underground parking structure. He turned right and pulled into a spot against the heavy concrete wall. Hopping out, he opened the back door. 
Ellen was just unbuckling her seatbelt when a hand clamped over her face, holding a cold wet cloth over her nose and mouth. Kidnapping? she managed to wonder before everything went black.
 
~*~
“What the hell are we doing?” Frank yelled suddenly, startling the people in his office.  
Brecker shook his head in disgust. “Frank’s right; everyone get across the hall into boardroom three. Even at this height, we’re in danger if we stay on this side. The elevator core is made of concrete and reinforced steel; that’s the only place that can save us from the blast.” 
They ran out the door, suddenly aware of how foolishly exposed they were. They ran down the hall for fifteen feet before turning right and pouring into the empty meeting room. “The first five feet are storage  and mechanical rooms,” shouted Brecker. “Everyone huddle right here.” He chopped his hand towards a spot on the wall and the small crowd complied. “The elevator shafts are behind this section.”
There was a short wait, almost anticlimactic after their mad dash from Frank’s office. Frank was about to suggest that maybe the bomb wouldn’t detonate when they heard a loud roar. At first, it sounded like a large helicopter flying overhead but it continued to grow in volume and a shock wave struck the building, knocking Frank’s head away from the wall and leaving him dazed. 
The shock wave was clearly visible through the window for a few moments as it flowed across midtown, shattering windows and tearing away loose structures such as gargoyles and water towers. Parts of the ship traveled with the wave, embedding in buildings or tearing large chunks out of their corners to rain debris on the pedestrians below. The expanding dome of pressure quickly reached the top of the Secretariat Building, sending glass shards, filing cabinets and sections of wall through the walls to either side of the huddled group. The debris smashed out through the windows of the Manhattan side of the building with almost undiminished force. 
Looking down the length of the building, Frank could see no walls, only the concrete columns that held up the building. Sparking wires and bits of acoustical tile dangled from the ceiling. His ears were ringing from the sudden pressure and he felt as though his head would explode. Walking over to the edge, he looked down to see a tidal wave, twenty feet high, racing inland. The wave only had a small section of the East River to draw from and its awesome force was quickly spent. 
It was a strange feeling to watch such destruction but not be able to hear any of it. The combination of ringing ears and their height above the tsunami gave the scene an eerie unreality.  The water had lost half its power just getting across 1st Avenue and as it receded, he was shocked to see an Abrams tank embedded sideways between the first and second floor of a Tudor City apartment block.
 Massive shards of metal continued to rain down on the entire south end of the city. Pieces of the ship, ranging from a few ounces to over a ton, continued to fall for over a minute. A little girl who had run ahead of her parents on the sidewalk of 6th Avenue turned suddenly at the sound behind her. She saw a ship’s bulkhead laying between her and her startled parents, exactly where she would have been walking had she not raced ahead. 
Less than ten blocks away from the river, Jules King, the undisputed master of the corporate chop shop, was on the verge of closing a new deal. They would take a marginally profitable electronics plant, shut it down, sell off its assets and develop the land for mixed residential and light commercial. Jules would throw the money on his growing pile and a few hundred workers would be looking for new jobs. Those jobs were saved as the two-thousand-pound anchor shaft crashed through the corner window and, in a rare moment of poetic justice, took most of Jules with it as it smashed its way through the 23rd floor and out the far side of the building.
Ten miles away at JFK International Airport, passengers lining up to board a flight to Detroit abandoned the usual silence and talked among themselves about the loud blast they had just heard. The talk turned to screams of fright as the anchor fluke, easily twice the weight of the one ton shaft, smashed into the jet that waited for them. It struck just behind the wings, the force of the impact shearing off the tail and driving the rest of the aircraft forward. Its nose smashed the outer glass, driving across the Arrivals walkway and shattering the glass wall of the inner side, nearly toppling the status kiosk.
The boarding clerk looked up at the open jawed face of the pilot, seven feet from his desk, before routine intruded itself on his shaken mind. Perhaps finding refuge in mundane tasks, he turned to his keyboard and began to type. The screen behind him updated; TGA 3346 – Detroit – Delayed.
 
Barnum Island
New York State
January 16th, 2027
Ellen woke slowly. She was looking up at rusty steel trusses. Where am I? she wondered absently. She realized, with a start of fear, that her wrists and ankles were bound. Kidnapping, her last conscious thought came back to her. She struggled to a sitting position on her cot and looked around. The building appeared to be an old metal shop. There were massively heavy machines that looked like they could bend just about anything, but they were coated with at least a decade’s accumulation of dust. A police cruiser sat facing the steel, garage-type loading door and to the right was a large aluminum framework supporting a white sheet. An array of lights and wires surrounded a chair in front of the screen and a camera stood on a tripod opposite the chair.
Frank…
“Misery loves company, yes?”
Ellen spun to the left in surprise at the voice; she had thought the building was empty. She saw two other cots; one had a middle-aged man sitting on it. His wrists and ankles were similarly bound with electrician ties. She looked down at a cable-type bicycle lock that ran between her arms to a shackle mounted in the concrete floor.
“My name is Jarl,” he said. “I’ve been here for at least a month.” His beard seemed to confirm his story. “I was kidnapped when I got into a taxi at the airport.” 
“I was taken by a cop,” she answered, nodding over at the cruiser. “Where is our host right now?”
“He said he was going out to get supplies,” Jarl answered. “He’s been gone for less than an hour, I would think, though it gets hard to tell time when you’ve been locked up as long as I have.” He shrugged apologetically. 
Ellen looked down at the ties on her wrists. They operated on the same principle as the tag holders on store merchandise. A plastic clip in the head allowed one way passage of an insert that would then be locked in the closed position. She had a lifetime habit of removing the tags in a way that would allow them to be reattached. Growing up in a low-income family meant that they returned shoddy merchandise that many families would have simply thrown away. That meant preserving the ability to reattach the original price tag.
Ellen still maintained the habit, even though both she and Frank were successful in their respective fields. Clothing tags were no challenge at all. She simply pushed the little plastic insert cone to one side, then down one of the slits at the side of the lock and finally, back into the center. The insert would slide right out. She held her wrists close to her face for a closer inspection. The only difference is that the lock is adjustable, she mused, immune to Jarl’s excitement at having someone to talk to. She realized that she still had a paper clip from a client invoice in the tiny watch pocket of her jeans.
She fished out the clip and quickly unfolded it before setting it in her lap. With her teeth, she pulled the tie around her wrists so that the lock sat over her left wrist. Picking up the piece of wire, she moved her right hand under her left so she could get at the inbound side of the locking mechanism. She slid the wire into the lock until it reached the little plastic arm that held the teeth of the zip tie. With a gentle push, she shoved the wire under the arm, separating it from the teeth and the tie came loose. 
With a feeling of triumph, heightened by Jarl’s surprised approval, she repeated the procedure with the tie at her ankles and sat up a free woman. She frowned for a moment as she looked at her fellow prisoner. If we call for help but they don’t get here before our captor, he’ll find us missing and make a run for it. Then again, he might come back and move us as well, or even use us as hostages in a standoff with the cops. She got up, heading over to Jarl’s cot. Screw it, I’m getting out of here. She bent down, freeing her fellow captive’s bonds far more easily than her own, now that she was able to use both hands.
“How bad was the bomb?” He stood up and followed her over to the cruiser. “I could hear it as though it were next door.”
Ellen opened the driver’s door and looked inside; the keys were in the ignition. “I don’t know,” she said as she turned the key to the accessory position. “I was unconscious before it happened.” Is Frank alive or dead? The radio crackled to life and she grabbed the mike off the dashboard. “This is Ellen Bender. I  was kidnapped from UN headquarters and I have…” 
“Jarl, Jarl Brevik, also from the UN,” the bearded prisoner said in surprise.
“… Jarl Brevik with me. Does anyone hear me?”
“This is Nassau County dispatch.” The voice replied. “All units are currently assisting victims of the blast. Are you able to get away on your own?”
 “Hang on.” Ellen dropped the mike and had just stepped out of the car when she heard a key in the employee entrance next to the garage door in front of the cruiser. “Carl, get in the car right now,” she hissed as she shoved him in through the driver’s door and climbed in after him.
“It’s Jarl,” he corrected nervously.
“Quiet.” She twisted the key, starting the engine. She pulled the door closed with her left hand and pulled the shifter to the drive position with her right. The door opened as she hit the gas. The cruiser rammed through the old garage door in a cacophony of squealing tires, breaking wood and screeching metal. Directly in front of her was another building and she frantically wound the steering wheel to the right, putting a fifteen foot long dent in the corrugated metal wall as they picked up speed and swerved back into the middle of the narrow alley.
A quick look in the rear-view mirror showed their captor standing in the middle of the alley with a gun in his hand. It was hanging at his side and Ellen took that as a good sign. If he was going to shoot, he would have done it by now. They turned again, the cowling of the front bumper dragging on the pavement as they drove. After a few aimless turns, they turned right onto a street and came up short at a dead end in front of a huge industrial building. 
The radio had been busy with the disaster response throughout the drive but now Ellen heard her own name coming from the speaker. She picked it up. “This is Ellen,” she said simply. Am I supposed to say ‘over’ or something?
“This is Nassau County dispatch, Have you managed to escape?”
“Yes, we took the cop car that the kidnapper used to grab me. I don’t really know where we are but don’t these things have GPS?” She looked around, half expecting to see their former host come jogging up the road. Army helicopters flew back and forth constantly in the distance.
“Ma’am, could you tell me the city and number of the vehicle?” She somehow managed to keep a calm professional voice despite everything that had happened in the last twenty-four hours and Ellen resolved to follow her example. 
She climbed out and took a look at the side. Reaching back inside she grabbed the mike. “NYPD 304225,” she said as she leaned in the door. She was still too keyed up from the narrow escape to sit still.  
After a few moments, the dispatcher came back. “No GPS signal from that unit. He must have destroyed it when he stole the vehicle. Can you describe anything about your surroundings?”
“We’re on McCarthy road or street, I’m not sure which. There’s a large building that looks like a power plant and then a bunch of big oil tanks to the left.”
“You see a large open field farther to the left?” The dispatcher sounded excited.
“Yeah, it’s about the size of a baseball diamond,” Ellen answered with relief, giving Jarl a thumbs up. “Where are we?”
“You’re on Barnum Island. Please stand by and transport will be there in a few minutes.”
In less than ten minutes, Ellen and Jarl were sitting in the back of an army Blackhawk helicopter, looking out with dismay at the scene below. From the epicenter, an area of devastation extended for almost a mile in all directions. Though the skyscrapers had avoided falling over, those closest to the blast had been scoured of all but their concrete and steel frames. Most buildings within the one mile radius had lost most of their windows.
Traffic on both sides of the midtown tunnel was blocked as the tunnel had been closed. The force of the blast had scoured the river bottom away from the tunnel roof, cracking it in the process. Now fully exposed to the weight of the water, the cracks were growing.
The helicopter followed the channel down to the upper bay, landing on a large circular patch of grass on Ellis Island. “This is where you get out, folks,” the pilot’s voice crackled in her ear. “Please leave your headsets on the tabs above you.”
Ellen climbed out and crouched as she ran under the spinning rotor, heading for a man in dark blue camouflage who was moving towards them. Her breath caught in her throat as she recognized the familiar gait of the big man. “Frank!” She threw herself into his arms. 
“The prison hasn’t been made that can hold my girl!’ He beamed at her as he brushed a stray lock of hair out of her eyes. 
“You look good in uniform.” She leaned back to get a better view. “How did you end up wearing this?”
“They brought us straight here after the blast and sent over temporary clothes from the Brooklyn Navy Yard. They even had some for you sitting in our quarters in the hope that…” His voice trailed off, thick with the rampant emotion of a sleepless night. They held each other tighter as the Blackhawk lifted off.
His last sentence began to sink in as a new imperative began to assert itself. After a close brush with death, the human mind often turns itself to the preservation of the species. Though Ellen didn’t address it in quite those terms, it was nonetheless a very sudden and powerful feeling. “Did you say quarters?” she asked quietly.
He nodded.
“Private quarters?”
He grinned.
From Darkness - Light
Red Flag Mineral Co. 
Sixty Meter Observatory 
Mauna Kea, Hawaii
March 15th, 2027
“How much do you have?” Mike jumped as Colonel McCutcheon’s voice suddenly appeared at his left shoulder. Though he’d sent Wes to get him, he hadn’t heard his approach because of the earphones.
“We have five transmissions over a forty-minute period.” Mike took his eyes from the screen and turned to face the officer. “Then everything just went dead. We probably moved out of alignment with the signal. It’s a laser based transmission so you have to be within the path to receive it.” He shrugged with a grin that threatened to split his head in half. “We got seriously lucky.”
“Laser,” the Colonel said with a tone of disbelief. “I thought atmospherics would keep a signal from getting off the planet or was this a ship-to-ship transmission?” There were two of the massive ships in orbit around Mars.
“Neither,” Mike got out of his chair and walked over to one of the whiteboards that stood on frames around the central working area. He picked up a marker and drew two circles, one on the lower left corner and one slightly above and to the right. “Earth,” he said, drawing an ‘E’ in the center of the lower circle. “Mars.” He drew a corresponding ‘M’ as an excited Sgt Davis returned with the rest of the team.  
“These are the ships.” He sketched in a couple of wedges. “Not to scale, of course.” He engaged in a theatrical pause, the kind that gave an audience time to laugh. Nobody cracked a smile and he cleared his throat nervously and turned back to the board. “Tough room,” he muttered under his breath. This will win them over, he thought as he drew a circle in the top right hand of the board and a line leading past Mars to Earth. He put the characters ‘HW?’ in the circle. “This,” he said, stabbing the circle with the marker, “is the origin of the signals.” 
The team stared at him in shock. Jan was the first to speak. “Mike, are you telling us that this signal is coming from their home world?”
“Either that or from an invasion fleet bound for Earth.” McCutcheon’s statement brought the alarmed gazes of all but one of the team members.
“You’re both right,” Mike said. “But, more accurately, I believe that Jan’s option is the most likely.” He drew a cone on the board. “This is an exaggeration of the beam but it gets the point across. As the light from their communications laser travels to its destination, it spreads out. Now they seem to have a way to make a far more coherent beam than we can, but it still spreads and we can measure that effect pretty accurately with the ‘60’. We should also be able to notice if the source is getting any closer.” 
He turned from the board to face the group. “A fleet would most likely be travelling pretty damn fast but we didn’t see any evidence of that during the forty minutes we were recording the signal.” He smiled, feeling like he was back in front of a class at Cal Tech. “Anyone want to guess at the significance of that little nugget?”
Hal Tudor’s eyes lit up. “You can tell us exactly where to find their home world, can’t you?”
Mike nodded, his head-splitting grin making a return appearance. “Direction and distance, but wait,” he said in his best TV announcer voice. “There’s more!”  Quizzical frowns greeted his latest attempt at humor. You’re losing the crowd again numbskull, just let them hear it. He walked over to the table where McCutcheon had startled him and pulled the headphone jack out of the laptop. The speakers turned on automatically, spilling a strange warbling sound that continued to change in pitch and frequency.
“That’s the transmission?” Jan asked as she stepped nearer. “Some sort of data stream?”
“Yep.” Mike sat in his chair and angled to face the audience. “And every now and then it stops and someone…” 
Jan came to a halt and everyone felt a tingling sensation dance across their skin. A voice was speaking. It carried on for a few moments and then another data burst followed. “Spooky, huh?” Mike was grinning at them, seeing his own original reactions mirrored in their faces. “I was listening to that when the boss nearly scared me out of my shorts.”
“It almost sounds human,” Jan said quietly.
“It is human.” Everyone turned to look at Corporal Rob Farquhar who had arrived with the Colonel when the military had taken over the site. He looked troubled. “I can recognize a couple of words but not nearly enough to have any clue what it means.”
Mike had originally been surprised at the easy-going relationship between the intelligence officer and his operators but the informal atmosphere gave the men room to use their own initiative. They often contributed to meetings and their contributions were rarely wrong. This particular offering, however, seemed a little hard to believe. 
“You shittin’ us, Rob?” McCutcheon frowned at his NCO for a few seconds before his features showed a sudden understanding. “Your Mom?”
Rob nodded slowly, still troubled by the implications. “My Mom is Hopi,” he explained to the group. “I speak that language, but this is something different. It’s almost as if they borrowed a few words of Hopi, maybe a few words of Zuni – I need to hear more.”
“Zuni?” Jan asked. “I’ve heard of the Hopi; are the Zuni another tribe?”
Rob nodded again. “A lot of people think the Pueblo tribes can trace their roots back to the  great Anasazi civilization.”
“I’ve heard of the Anasazi,” Jan brightened. “They left all those magnificent ruins behind, right?” She frowned in alarm and took a step towards Farquhar. “Rob? What is it?”
Rob’s face was deathly pale and McCutcheon grabbed a swivel chair and eased his corporal into it. “This just makes too much sense. It changes everything I thought I knew.” He leaned back and stared at the ceiling. “Anasazi wasn’t the name my ancestors used; nobody knows what name they gave themselves. It was a word used by the Navajo whenever discussing them.” He looked at his colonel. “It means ‘Ancient Enemy’.”
 
U.S. Military Academy
West Point , New York
April 24th, 2027
Sam walked into the commandant’s office with a tablet in his hand. The president was sitting in a leather club chair opposite the commandant having a coffee and he looked a question at his chief of staff. “Mr. President, I think you should take a look at this.”
“If you gentlemen need some privacy, I need to go check on the assembly anyway.” Brigadier General Hill rose from his chair. In twenty minutes, the president would be addressing the cadets and staff of the academy. The US would be deploying almost a quarter of a million troops in the coming months as part of the Stability Assistance Program. SAP deployments were drawing troops from more than twenty nations and they were intended to augment the police forces of countries where unrest was threatening to shut down the governments.
Announcements regarding troop deployments tended to happen in front of military audiences. Withdrawals were more likely to be announced in the press room at the Whitehouse. It was the generally accepted way of things and now was no time to start experimenting.
Sam handed the tablet over as the door closed behind Hill. The president put his glasses on and began to scroll through the images and text. “How big was it?”
“Big enough that we had to destroy the entire site just to get it out.” He sat down in the chair vacated by Hill and, after a moment’s consideration, appropriated the cup of coffee that Hill had been drinking. “We buried a couple thousand pounds of C4 throughout the area and simulated a tremor, so the geologists will confirm our cover story for us.” He sighed and balanced the mug in his lap. 
“All traces have been eliminated from the site?” 
Sam nodded. “It just looks like a cave now. The money to rebuild the whole thing has been appropriated and channeled through a couple of NPO’s, so most of the damage will be undone.”
Parnell set down his empty mug. “Why has this never been found before now? That site has had archeologists crawling all over it for decades.”
“People tend to point their ground penetrating radars at the ground, not at the back wall of cave cities. We saturated the place with GPR after our team translated the intercept.” The voice portions of the alien transmission had been handed over to a team of Pueblo elders and linguists who had been set up at the growing center on Mauna Kea. They had cobbled together a translation and the results were chilling.
By now, most of the people on Earth harbored no doubts; the aliens were hostile. The new information, however, proved that they had been to Earth before. An ancient outpost had been caught off-guard by the humans they’d been sent to scout. Isolated and few in number, they had been overwhelmed by sheer weight of numbers and all killed. 
The bodies had been piled inside their ship, which had been placed at the back of a deep cleft in a cliff face. The victorious humans had then closed off the opening and built a small collection of buildings to house the warriors chosen to guard it. In time it had grown into a small city of homes and shops built under the overhang of the cliff. 
The aliens had mentioned the massacre and it was clear that they wanted to come back and do a proper job this time. They were building up forces on Mars rather than transporting them across the light years in no small part because the standing military they did have seemed to be tied up on internal security operations. In just over a year, they would be launching ships to establish orbital superiority. The revelation had been shocking, but it also brought hope. The intercept was dumb luck and humans were only just barely capable of deciphering it. The enemy had transmitted the entire stream in the open. They placed far too much faith in encryption and it would end up costing them dearly if humans could develop an understanding of their computer systems from the structure of the data that had been transmitted.
“So the ship is off to Area 51?” Parnell raised a conspiratorial eyebrow. It rankled him that he had never been able to get a straight answer about the place.
Sam shook his head. “Far as I know, they only do defense testing there. The ship is on its way to join the wreckage from Roswell. This will be the first time they get to study an intact ship, though it’s obviously made by a different civilization.” He grinned.
He’s managed to find out where that is, Parnell realized. Now we’re getting somewhere. “Different civilization?” He frowned at his old friend. “Just how many races have been coming here?”
“Dunno,” said Sam before taking another drink. “General consensus is that the Roswell bunch were just biologists but I figure they were doing a nature show.”
“Alright, but where does all this fancy equipment get sent if not Area 51?”
Sam’s grin came back. He had managed to find out what none of his predecessors had ever learned. “What’s the one place where regular shipments and airtight security are completely unnoticeable? What place has become a synonym for ‘secure’?” There was a pause as Parnell looked blankly at Sam. “Alright, here’s a hint - Kentucky.”
“No,” Parnell blurted, grinning. “Fort Knox?” A slow nod. “I suppose there hasn’t been a lot of gold there in a hell of a long time…” He handed the tablet back to Sam and got up from the chair. “Do we share this with the UN?” he asked as he put on his jacket.
“Absolutely.”
“Why absolutely?”
“This is just an orbital ship. If we want a share of the big prize, we need to play nice.” Sam shrugged. “If the UN force manages to seize one of the enemy starships, we don’t want to be left out in the cold when they figure out how their systems work.” He turned off the tablet and they headed for the door. “Anyway, Mary tells me that the alien engine is based on existing theory, we just hadn’t managed to come up with a working model yet. With some reverse engineering, we can have a hybridized engine on some modified VU-22’s within a few months. So we can start moving personnel and lighter equipment into orbit before year’s end.”
Parnell stopped with his hand on the door. “So we can stop building those damn drop capsules?” He was referring to large coffin-like capsules that were intended to put individual troops on the ground quickly to seize strategic points. Nobody had much faith in the design, least of all the troops who were expected to use them.
Sam nodded. “We can use them to land troops on Mars and we should be able to jam any radar-guided weapons. I get the feeling the enemy hasn't fought many major wars lately, just counter-insurgency against some of their own worlds.”
“Let’s go tell some bright-faced youngsters that we’re sending a few hundred thousand troops to force our fellow humans back to work.” He opened the door and walked out into the hall, his protective detail falling in as they emerged. 
“I hope Jack worded it a little better than that,” Sam muttered as they  headed for the assembly hall.
 
Galileo Shipyard
Low Earth Orbit
May 25th, 2027
Son of a bitch, that’s big, thought Frank looking out the cockpit window of the orbital airship. They were on final approach to the dockyard where the hull of the Ares was almost complete. At fifteen hundred feet, it was easily a couple hundred feet longer than the cruise ship he had been building and it was staggering to think it was being built in space. The hull was over ninety-five percent complete and there were only thirty-two modules left to attach around the outside edges of the vessel. 
The seals for the massive internal hangar deck were complete and the ship had been declared operational. The airship that had carried Frank into orbit was also loaded with the first of the carrier’s breaching assault vessels. The BAV’s were designed to carry a platoon of marines on a fast approach to the enemy ship. Once within range, they would fire everything they had at one focused point and attempt to ram their heavily-armored nose through the hull. The inner hull of the BAV was designed with a complement of pneumatic and hydraulic dampeners that would help the platoon inside to survive the impact. 
Assuming that was successful, shaped charges would blow a hole through both hulls and it was hoped that the boarding party, wearing combat EVA suits, would be able to find a way through the wreckage and fight for control of the ship. There were a lot of assumptions at work.
“Alright Frank, that’s as far as we can take you,” the pilot said over his shoulder. “You better get down and hook up if you still plan on going over to the Ares.” 
“This seemed like a good idea when I was sitting at my desk back on Ellis Island,” he grumbled, earning a laugh from the four-man bridge crew. He pushed off and spun in the air like a two-hundred-pound cat, moving neatly around the stair rail and down to the lower deck. Brad, the loadmaster, held the door open for him and he glided into the airlock, fumbling with his helmet as the door closed. 
“De-pressurization in three, two…”
“WAIT,” Frank yelled as he scrambled to engage the seal on his EVA suit. He could see Brad laughing through the window.
“If you had paid more attention when I briefed you on this yesterday, you would remember that you’re the one who has to de-pressurize the airlock.” Brad was wiping tears from his face and Frank could hear more laughter from the control deck. “Have fun, Frankie.”
“Thanks, jackass,” Frank felt the seal click and hit the button to clear the air from the small room. 
At least I didn’t crap my pants… The light turned red and he threw the switch to open the outer airlock door, grabbing a handhold before aiming for the BAV. He pushed off and reached the pre-marked spot where he was to tether. Hooking on, he looked up to see the cargo bay door opening. The view was spectacular. Behind the hive of activity that was Ares, the Earth looked fragile and vulnerable, its thin layer of atmosphere seemed hardly enough to sustain life. 
The thruster team came into the hold and attached their units. The lead hand drifted over to Frank and checked his tie before grasping his helmet and bringing their visors together. The gesture was unsettling for Frank until he realized that this was how they talked without having the entire shipyard listening in. 
“Mr. Bender, your tether looks fine but make sure you keep a firm grip on the bulkhead, OK? We don’t want you coming loose and de-orbiting on us. My cousin Tony asked me to keep an eye on you.” The man grinned. “He’s not getting all sentimental or anything, it’s just that he hasn’t finished paying for his new place in the Azores and the invoices will pile up if you go missing.”
Frank had known he would run into John sooner or later. Tony’s cousin had one of the contracts for module placement. “Tony would have come with me but you can’t smoke in these helmets.”
John moved back to his control module and attached it. After a quick confirmation that it had control of all eight thruster units, he started them moving out of the hold. This was Frank’s first time in space without the comforting bulk of an orbital airship surrounding him. I should probably be afraid of falling but this is just too amazing, he thought as they headed for a point a few hundred meters astern of the largest vessel humans had yet made.
The stern was where the inbound doors were mounted. The portside half of the stern was one large airlock door while the starboard side was split between one larger door and two smaller ones. John steered the OAV towards one of the smaller doors as it began to open. They passed through and stopped in front of a second door while they waited for the outer door to close. 
After a couple of minutes, the lights on the wall turned green and John removed his helmet. Frank had half-expected gravity to assert itself when the air was pumped in, much like a diver in an underwater airlock. He knew the difference, of course, but he was nervous and a nervous mind likes to cast about for familiarity.
He tentatively rotated his helmet lock to the open position and winced as a rush of air came in. The pressures weren’t completely equal between his suit and the airlock. He pulled the helmet off and looked over at John who hovered over his control module with a grin. “Welcome to the Ares,” he said expansively as the two inner doors swung out of their way.
The hangar deck was roughly thirteen hundred feet long, three hundred feet wide and fifty feet in height. A series of structures ran down the center line of the hangar, linking the dorsal and ventral halves of the ship.  The thruster team took the OAV to the first empty docking cradle and rotated it sideways before ‘lowering’ it to the huge clamps on the ventral deck of the hangar. The clamps closed around the small hull, locking it firmly in place.
There were clamps on almost every surface of the vessel and some of them would have to be replaced. The new, modified V-22’s would need their own section of deck to call home and they would need to be secured or else they would simply start to drift around the hangar, smashing the ship to pieces when she accelerated or maneuvered.
“The engineers were over by the port launch door when I saw them last.” John nodded in the direction of the huge door where a small knot of figures in the new, reddish combat EVA suits were floating.
Frank pushed off and started to move from clamp to clamp, picking up speed until he judged he had reached the middle and then began to slow his progress a little each time his hand came in contact with a clamp. He wouldn’t mind trying one of the new suits. They were intended for soldiers and gave better freedom of movement and visibility. The reddish, patchwork pattern was intended for combat on the surface, but the suits, embedded with Kevlar fiber, would also be of use to any boarding party fighting in orbit.
Suits were mandatory in the hangar, though helmets would only be worn during combat operations. While fighting, all of the ship’s aft hangar doors would be left open: a lucky shot could cause a closed door to fail. If enough doors were to fail while closed, the Ares would become a ship without a purpose, filled with combat vehicles and troops who couldn’t deploy. Keeping the aft doors open would prevent that but it meant that the hangar deck would be unpressurized during combat operations.
“Afternoon, Ted,” Frank greeted the DARPA officer as he came to a halt. It seemed odd to refer to times of day when they were in space, but it was afternoon at the new UN headquarters on Ellis Island and he preferred to stay in touch with his own time zone whenever possible.
“Hey, Frank,” Ted responded with a nod. “We think we have it worked out.” A drawing floated beside him, showing the interior walls of the hangar. 
“Let’s take a look,” Frank said as he drifted closer. “If we can agree on it, we might be able to catch a ride back on the same ship I came up on.” 
 
Red Flag Mineral Co. 
Sixty Meter Observatory 
Mauna Kea, Hawaii
April 27th, 2027
Mike pushed his chair away from the group and rolled backwards, leaning as far back as he could he stared up at the trusses rather than the newcomers. Almost a week with these guys and nothing but arguments.  The team from Echelon, the five nation signals intelligence network, had arrived six days earlier and had set to work immediately. Each nation had provided an officer of equal rank and Mike wasn’t sure whether that was by design or accident but it certainly wasn’t helping. Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Britain and the U.S. had each sent a major and they each spent more time in pushing their own ideas than they did in analyzing the signals.
After a brief pause as they watched him glide away, they got back to the important business of arguing over methodology. Mike’s head bumped the conference table hard enough to knock over an empty glass left near the edge. He sat up with a loud curse, rubbing his head and glaring at the five men. 
When he had applied to go with the response fleet, his acceptance had been immediate, thanks to Colonel McCutcheon, and he had been given a rank equivalency of major.  That didn’t mean that he was an actual army major but it did give him a place in the hierarchy.  He had been surprised at how useful it was in working with technical officers. It was almost like a military version of tenure.
He took his hand away from the back of his head and was relieved to see that it had no blood on it. These guys are all too similar, he mused as he went back to massaging his bruised scalp. No wonder they can’t agree on how to move forward. He winced. I hope I don’t end up with a concussion. Then an idea hit him and he forgot about his head. I can embarrass them into cooperating.
He sat up, looking at the Echelon officers who were grinning at his accident now that it was obvious he was fine. “You guys need to just flip a coin and get to work,” he said reasonably. “Chances are, you each have a good plan for analyzing the data but you need to pick a direction and go with it.” He picked up the glass, which hadn’t broken despite falling on the hard concrete floor. “My cousin Mickey in Van Nuys could have had this done by now.”
They looked a little embarrassed by this but Major Edwards - Mike still wasn’t sure if he was the Aussie or the Kiwi - was unconvinced. “Y’ reckon some shonky bludger in his mum’s basement can run rings around us?” He grinned. “Too bad you can’t have him take a squiz and prove you right, seeing as he’s all the way out in California.”
I thought I was the one who hit his head, mused Mike. He realized that he might have to carry through on his bluff and that it might be a good thing. “If by ‘squiz’ you mean ‘look’, then why not?” he asked mildly, looking around the room to see how it was being received. They seemed dubious. McCutcheon looked as though he was considering whether it would be worth the wait to fly Mike’s cousin to Hawaii. To his credit, the colonel was willing to consider just about anything if it brought results.
“Take days to get him here and it might be a waste of time,” Angela Compton chimed in. She had a slightly twangier accent and Mike was starting to think she might be the officer from New Zealand.
“You folks don’t quite get what I’m suggesting here.” Mike couldn’t help smiling at what he had just decided to do. “I’m suggesting a full dress interview. We call Mickey, explain ourselves and see what happens in the next twenty minutes.” He turned calmly and snagged his mug, getting up from his chair to fix a new cup of coffee. “If my cousin can penetrate our network, find the record of the alien data stream and tell us something useful about it in twenty minutes, we add a new team member.”
McCutcheon called over to Mike who was putting his fourth packet of sugar into the mug. “Is your cousin really that good?” 
Mike turned from the table, noticing the Canadian and American Echelon officers were giving the colonel an indignant look. “Yep.” He took a deep drink.
McCutcheon said nothing more. He simply gestured to the speaker phone on the conference table. 
Be careful what you wish for. Mike punched in the number and hit the speaker button to start the call. The speaker warbled a couple of times before the line was picked up. “Hello?”
“Hi, Monique, is Mickey there?”
“Hang on…” There was a pause as the phone travelled down the hall of the small Van Nuys apartment. 
“Mike, is that you?” The voice was undeniably feminine.
Mike looked up at Pete, whose attention had suddenly piqued. He began scratching his new beard. “Hi, Mickey, I have you on speaker.” Mike looked around the room. “I have some army officers with me who specialize in intercepts and I kind of told them that you could run circles around them.”
“Well gosh, Mike, it’s sweet of you to be so supportive but why exactly are you telling me about this? Don’t you have a planet to save?” All the Wilsen family talked about was how Mike was doing such important work and Mickey was probably a little tired of it.
“Well, they don’t quite believe me so I sort of told them that you could break into our network and make some sense of a recorded alien data stream in less than an hour.” He knew he should have given her the real time limit but he was worried that she would just hang up in disgust. 
“How much less than an hour?”
“Forty minutes.”
“You said I could do all that in forty minutes?” She sounded amused.
“Um, no, forty minutes less than an hour.” Mike made shushing sounds as the team members chuckled at his delivery. “I said you could do it in twenty minutes.”
“I wish Dad had that kind of faith in my abilities,” she grumbled, keys clacking in the background. “You’re still at the telescope?” she asked as she typed.
“Yeah, we have a whole nerve center thing going here and some specialists who keep the security up to military standards.” He looked over at the colonel who had sat down next to him. McCutcheon was leaning on the table propping his chin on his hand as he stared at the speaker.
“OK, the front door’s probably locked so let’s check the windows,” Mickey murmured as the staccato noise of the keyboard rattled the speaker. “Nope, nope, nope, disco. OK, I’m in  the network, let’s find the right file.” More keys rattled.
McCutcheon sat up with a start, throwing his hands out to the side with an expression of resigned amusement on his face as he shook his head. “That had to be less than a minute,” he whispered to Mike. 
“Yeah, well, she probably already had her laptop running.” Mike shrugged.
“Here’s a nice big file on Mike’s desktop,” Mickey said with a tone a surgeon might use in locating a tumor. “Before I open this, have you been surfing any naughty websites? I wouldn’t want to embarrass my big important cousin in front of all his co-workers.” Despite their wounded pride, the Echelon officers joined the rest of the team in chuckling at her playful attitude.
“Yeah thanks, Mickey, but I’m clean.”
“Alright, let’s have a look at what we have here. Looks like it breaks down by method. I see stretches of frequency modulation; looks like sound transmission.” Another flurry of keystrokes. “The rest is data but it’s not base 2 like we use. These guys must have some smoking hot computers; this is base 10 data.” She sounded impressed.
“Base 10?” Mike prompted.
“Yeah,” she replied absently, fingers back at work on the keys again. “It takes more power than most of our computers can provide. Listen, Mike,” she sounded worried. “This is a digital translation that I’m looking at; please tell me you have an actual optical recording of the full stream.”
“Well, yeah, the whole thing is in our data bank. What’s wrong?”
“This file is probably missing most of the data. You have the voice because they used frequency modulation for that but the rest is a mess.” Her keyboard was silent now. “I would bet you everything I own that they’re using hundreds of colors. I would suggest that we’re looking at a transmission based on Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing. They fire up a huge bank of lasers, each one a different color, and send hundreds of separate data streams in one shot.”
“So how do we decode this?” Mike was starting to hope that his cousin could walk the team through it on the phone. He wasn’t sure how she would take being drafted onto the team. His worries were unfounded.
“Does the term Fast Fourier Transform mean anything to your team?” 
Mike looked at the faces around him. “Nothing but shrugs here, Mickey.”
“First thing you need to do is book me on a flight out there.” Her voice was calm but determined. “Luckily, your favorite cousin used to work at SoCal Cable so I know how to cram a hundred Terabits of data into a laser signal.” The keys began to chatter again as she talked. “I’m sending you a list of parts. Please make sure they get there before I do.”
McCutcheon joined the conversation for the first time. “You seem pretty sure that we’re sending you a plane.” His grin gave the lie to his stern voice.
“Who am I speaking with?”
“This is Colonel McCutcheon. I run this little dog-and-pony show.”
“Well, Colonel, you’re welcome to carry on without me but I was under the impression that the Army never turned down a suitable volunteer.”
The colonel grimaced at Mike’s screen as a list of parts popped up. “I believe we’ve more than established your abilities.” He looked over at Sgt Davis. “Nellis,” he said quietly. Davis nodded and pulled out his phone to find the right number. McCutcheon pulled Mike’s laptop over and brought up a map of Van Nuys. It had a busy airport. 
“Mickey, I need you to get over to Van Nuys Airport and announce yourself to the management. I’m getting you an aircraft from Nellis Air Force Base so you should have about an hour before it lands. It’s going to be a fighter so you’ll only be able to take a small bag – pack only the absolute essentials. We’ll cover a shopping trip once you get here.” 
“Don’t you know how to recruit a girl,” Mickey replied, amused. I’ll be out the door in ten minutes. 
 
U.S. Bullion Depository
Fort Knox, Kentucky
April 28th, 2027
Sometimes consensus got it right. Adam Sundin took an involuntary step backwards as the crew hatch slid open. Despite the intervening centuries between the concealment of the alien ship and its arrival deep beneath the famous gold depository, he still half-expected to see a small hand appear at the edge of the opening. He began to relax slightly. 
They had been right in their theory. The small hatch on the underside of the fifteen-foot-wide vessel was for an induction-power umbilical. Now that the vessel  had a charge, its systems were coming to life.
Adam stepped over to the hatch, pulling a mini penlight from his back pocket and shining it through the opening. Five small desiccated corpses lay on the floor, a black smear from the hatch leading to one of the bodies indicating that one of the aliens may have been bleeding as it was placed in the ship. “Shit!” He nearly jumped out of his skin as he felt the tap on his shoulder. He turned to see Dr. Will Francis decked out in full biohazard gear. 
“Sorry, Adam.” Will grinned. “You better wait over by the door. When the decon shower is set up, we can get you processed and then you’ll have to serve a quarantine.” 
“I need to decontaminate?” Adam looked nervously at the open hatch. “Doc, it’s been centuries. You don’t really think there’s a problem, do you?”
The older man shrugged. “The original work on the Roswell ship was before my time but they had no precautions back then and one of the researchers ended up killing most of his home town over the Christmas holidays.” His eyes wandered to the exit as he spoke. A team was setting up a modular decontamination shower around the door to the large lab. “He carried an incredibly virulent bug home with him and only five people out of more than three hundred managed to survive. The government put out the story that it was a gas leak from the local coal mines.”
He reached out and put a comforting hand on Adam’s shoulder. “Don’t worry, that bug was carried by a completely different species. We’ll lock you up, just to be sure, but chances are slim that anything would survive for centuries without a host.” He spread his hands in a gesture of resignation. “We never expected the hatch to open. I should have insisted that you suit up.”
If I’m stuck down here for a while, I might as well make myself useful, Adam thought as he looked out the lab window at the work crew. “Will, I might as well keep working during the quarantine,” he suggested. “I can wear a suit from my quarters to get to the lab and just decon the suit on my way back.” For an engineer, it would be absolute torture to sit on a bunk forty feet away from the most exotic engines on the planet and not get a chance to ferret out their secrets.
Dr. Francis thought the proposal through and nodded. “No reason why not,” he responded cheerfully. “We want to adapt this technology as soon as we can.” He paused for a moment to recheck his assumptions, then nodded again. “Absolutely. Let’s do that.” He smiled at Adam. “Without you around, I tend to overcomplicate things. We need you if we’re going to figure these engines out.”
 
Ellis Island
New York Harbor
April 28th, 2027
“Can’t sleep?” Ellen reached over and took Frank’s hand. 
“Just thinking about my current employer,” he answered quietly. The walls here didn’t do a very good job of stopping sound. “Maybe it’s time to let go of the past. The U.N. that got Dad killed doesn’t really exist anymore.” He sighed. “Not sure this new version is any better, but it'll do for now.”
Much had changed over the last year, but the blast had more impact than any other factor in changing the organization. So few had survived the explosion that they were able to live and work at the Ellis Island facilities with room to spare. The island that had welcomed countless thousands of immigrants to the New World now played host to the representatives of their original homelands.
Within a week, the General Assembly had reconvened in the great hall of the main building and the business of defending Earth was back in hand, thanks largely to logistics units from the New York National Guard and the US Navy. There was a decidedly military feeling throughout the island and Frank couldn’t shake the feeling that the institution had permanently changed. Many of their programs had been cast adrift in the aftermath of the attack. The bureaucracies that had administered them had simply ceased to exist. Staff, records, computer systems, all were destroyed in a heartbeat and there simply wasn’t enough people, money or time to resurrect them. 
What remained was an organization of diplomats focused on the new fleets and on the various global economies. Few were allowed to leave the island. Soldiers patrolled the grounds and the Navy patrolled the harbor. Though the Navy was publicly there to secure the new, temporary U.N. headquarters, they were really there to prevent another attack from devastating the heavily-populated region. Thousands of Americans had died on that cold January afternoon and the military was making it abundantly clear that no subsequent attacks would stand a ghost of a chance at success.
There was no talk about returning to the old site. It had originally been chosen for its metropolitan amenities. The attack had revealed the dangers of placing such a controversial guest in the midst of a huge population. Other options that had existed in the past quickly disappeared as well. Cities like Singapore, Montreal and St. Petersburg, who had actively lobbied to host the General Assembly, suddenly decided that the security risk wasn’t worth the prestige. Locations that had been offered throughout America in the ‘50s were also off the table.
After decades of other nations questioning the location of the Secretariat, Americans were in full agreement: nobody wanted the U.N. to remain in the United States.
Wherever they went, it would have to be someplace remote, someplace easy to secure and far from innocent civilians. The idea had chilled Frank as he lay awake in the dark. Just before Ellen had begun to stir, he had pictured a cabal of diplomats on some Caribbean island with a fleet in orbit and their hands on the economies of every nation.
“I’m through with hating them for what they did to my Dad, but I’m not sure I like what they’re turning into.” He turned to look at his wife, just visible in the moonlight that came through the threadbare curtains.
“I don’t much like what I’ve been seeing here either,” she said softly, “but laying awake all night isn’t going to help change anything, is it?”
He chuckled. “Gives me something to do when I wake up worrying about work. Better than wondering if we should be bringing kids into a world that’s this messed up.”
Her laugh carried a playful undertone that never failed to capture Frank’s interest. “If you’re looking for something to do while you can’t sleep,” she purred as she moved closer, “we can work on your second question…”
An hour later, he finally got started on a good night’s sleep.
 
Red Flag Mineral Co. 
Sixty Meter Observatory 
Mauna Kea, Hawaii
April 28th, 2027
Corporal Farquhar tapped Mike on the shoulder. “Hey Mike, this stuff showed up at the front gate with your name on it.” His eyebrows raised when he got a look at the new team member. Mickey, or Michelle, was anything but ordinary. When considered in isolation, few of her features would be labeled attractive. Her nose would be called pointy, her eyes small and unremarkable and her mouth was a thin line set above a slightly jutting chin. The cart behind Rob was completely forgotten.
In much the same way that seemingly random splashes of paint produced beautiful works of impressionist art, Mickey’s features came together to produce an impression of lively beauty. Mike had always been able to view her with a neutral eye because of the close family tie and they had grown up as best friends. He wondered if the same features would be as attractive on a woman who didn’t possess the same spirit as his cousin.
He knew that men tended to see her as a hot geek. Her looks gave the impression of someone who enjoyed science fiction and computer games. Though it was unfair to make such a connection, it was correct in this case. Mickey was every nerd’s wildest dream come true, plus forty percent.
 “Thanks, Rob, let’s just pile it right here for now.” Mike and Mickey both got up to help. “Rob, this is my cousin, Michelle.” He tended to use her full name for introductions.
“Just call me Mickey,” she said as she strolled over to the cart, pulling the manifest from the clipboard on top.
“Looks like you’re planning to build one hell of a system with all this gear.” Rob was moving eight-foot sections of extruded aluminum beams to make a neat pile beside the cart. “Those quantum cores still don’t come cheap and they’ve been on the market for almost a year now. Schrödingers cost more than my car. ”
Mickey looked up from her list. “You know your way around a custom build?” 
Rob gave a modest shrug. “I haven’t had my hands on anything like this,” he said, hefting a processor case with a picture of a cat in a wooden box on the front. “But I usually build my own computers rather than wait for the big companies to catch up.” 
“Go Army,” said Mickey with a friendly grin. “You wanna help put this together?”
His face lit up like Christmas morning. “Are you kidding me? Are we starting right now?”
Mike smiled to himself; Rob had been a bit of a mess since learning that aliens had been in contact with his ancestors. This new enthusiasm was a pleasant change. Given Rob’s love of computers, Mike wasn’t quite sure how much of his new attitude was entirely due to the quantum processors. He figured part of it might be due to his cousin’s impressionist beauty but that was a question for them to figure out on their own.
Mickey smiled at Rob’s response. “Well, Mike was going to take me over to the mess tent for lunch and meet the rest of the team first. Why don’t you come along?”
The young corporal looked down at the parts for a moment, then back up with a smile. “Sure, I’m kind of hungry, now that I think about it.”
Maybe it’s 50/50, Mike thought as they headed for the large heated tent that served as a cafeteria for the mountain-top staff.  He seemed a little disappointed to leave the fancy gadgets but he seems happy enough to join us. Anyway, it’s none of my business.
 
Groom Lake Testing Range
Edwards Air Force Base 
Flight Test Center, Nevada
June 27th, 2027
Frank stepped down from his Gulfstream and looked at the buildings that stood in the hazy distance. He knew it was foolish but he half-expected to see tiny green men wandering between the hangars. This detachment of Edwards Air Force Base (or perhaps Nellis Air Force Base – he still wasn’t sure) was deeply entrenched in the public psyche. Commonly referred to as Area 51, the small base was first established by the CIA in 1955 to support Project Aquatone, the development of the Lockheed U2 spy plane. 
Over the years, it played host to a number of aircraft development programs as well as the evaluation of foreign fighters including several captured Soviet MiGs. That all served merely as a colorful background to the wildly popular theory that alien aircraft and personnel were kept there for study. The secrecy of the base, understandable given its purpose, did little to dissuade the conspiracy theorists and each passing year brought new and more fantastic tales.
Frank was amazed at how difficult it had been to get clearance to land here at all. He had been obliged to stop at Nellis AFB, on the fringe of Las Vegas, and pick up two Air Force captains as well as two operators from the Air Force’s Special Operations Command who were armed with what appeared to be highly compact and deadly descendants of the venerable M-16 assault rifle that Frank had used in the Florida National Guard. 
Herman Brecker, Frank’s body guard, had been required to hand over his own arsenal for the duration of the visit and he had reluctantly agreed, knowing that his principle was likely to be safe while on such a secure base. Frank’s flight crew had been asked to sit in the passenger compartment and the two Air Force officers took the controls for the short hop from Nellis to Groom Lake, taxiing the aircraft to the south end of the western-most runway, farthest away from the base facilities.
 He turned to follow one of the captains towards a large temporary structure at the end of the runway. A group of men stood in the shade cast by the building, a mix of uniforms and civilian clothing. As the introductions were nearing the end, a radio chirped to life, initiating a conversation with one of the majors in the small group. 
“Alright, we have confirmation,” he announced to the group. “The test window is now open, no eyes are on us for the next two and a half hours.”
Frank was no astronomer but he knew that Mars wouldn’t see this side of the planet until shortly after nightfall. The window was probably concerned with the United States’ rivals on Earth as well. Not sure why we have to bother, since we plan to hand these babies over to the UN Fleet anyway, Frank thought as the large doors slid open to reveal the hastily-adapted V-22. 
Looking like a cross between a helicopter and a C-140 Hercules, the V-22 could carry a full platoon or up to twenty thousand pounds of cargo. This modified version would first have to prove that it could, at the very least, carry itself. The massive prop nacelles as well as the two six-thousand-horsepower engines had been removed and  replaced with the new Anasazi system, named for the civilization that had captured them from the enemy so long ago.
The new thruster nacelles were grafted onto the original wings. They were ring shaped and roughly six feet in diameter. “This is just half the propulsion system.” A man had wandered over to Frank as the hybrid aircraft was wheeled out of the hangar by a ground crew tractor. He extended his hand. “Adam Sundin.” He smiled as they shook, nodding at Frank’s name as if he had known it before coming over. “I helped to build this engine,” he said as he watched the preparation. 
“The other half would be the thruster units?” Frank was noticing the various points where the fuselage had been sliced open to allow for protruding elements of the new power plant. 
“So you’ve read the briefing paper from Dr. Francis?” He carried on as if Frank hadn’t, perhaps too excited about his project to resist talking about it. “These thrusters interact with the magnetic field. Gravity is actually one of the weakest forces in the Universe and magnetism can kick gravity’s ass any day of the week.” The young engineer stopped for a moment as the wings began to rotate into the flight position. “With a little help from our dead aliens, we finally managed to build an engine that wouldn’t steal the silverware from every house in a hundred-mile radius.”
“So once you prove this technology, you’ll add on the rocket-based thrusters for maneuvering outside of the planet’s magnetosphere?” Frank asked politely. I’ve read the paper, remember? Tell me something I don’t know. “How stable are the magnetic anomalies on Mars?”
“The thrusters are an easy addition,” he paused to sneeze. “Faster to do this one thing at a time rather than trying to troubleshoot two propulsion systems simultaneously.” The wings locked into flight position. In storage they could rotate 90 degrees to align with the fuselage. “The anomalies are strongest where huge patches of magnetized material sit near the surface. Those areas tend to be the best sites to look for minerals so it’s no wonder the space monkeys use this type of engine for landings.”
Frank wasn’t sure what he thought of the new slang for the aliens. Since they had tails, it had probably been just a matter of time before the name came up. He had the uneasy feeling that history would come to look back on the term in much the same way that it now looked at the denigrating cartoons of Japanese and German soldiers from the forties. Frank’s own grandfather had shipped off to the Pacific expecting an easy victory but soon learned the difference. The marines had fought hard for every inch of ground taken. 
 “If there’s no magnetic field,” the young engineer continued, “there probably isn’t any life anyway. If there are huge mineral deposits, chances are they produce enough of a localized magnetic field to let these engines overcome gravity.” 
“Looks like we’re ready to start.” Frank nodded towards the ground crew who were moving away from the aircraft. “Let’s go join the rest of the group.” They moved over to a small canopy where a bank of telemetry equipment was set up, just as a throbbing whine began to emanate from the test vehicle. 
A man sat at a terminal labeled ‘flight control’ wearing a headset and looking intently at the readout in front of him. “Roger, Anasazi One,” he said in a crisp voice. “You are green across the board. We are go for five percent power.”  
 The whine increased slightly and Adam suddenly clutched Frank’s shoulder. “Look at that,” he hissed. “Only five percent and the wheels are bouncing off the ground.” As they watched, the modified V-22 rocked slightly as the pilot attempted to keep it steady. 
“Still green, you are go to move to ten percent power,” the flight controller announced over the headset. Without any appreciable change in sound, the thirty-thousand-pound chimera lifted off the ground and began to float gently upwards and slightly backwards. “Learning gradient at fifty percent, sixty-five, eighty, gradient complete,” the man announced, still having seen nothing but the screen. The aircraft could have been at Pensacola for all he cared. Anasazi One leveled off and hovered. “Power output stabilized at 6.3% by gradient software.”
“The control system had to calibrate in actual flight,” Adam explained in a low voice. He had finally released his death grip on Frank’s shoulder. “The best thing we could come up with was to define the entire operating envelope as it compares to level hovering. Now that we’ve calibrated a hover state, the rest should work.
“Go for forward flight,” the controller announced.
The nacelles began to rotate slightly, one forward and one backwards. Anasazi One began to spin gently rather than gliding forward.
“Oh, dear,” the young engineer muttered. “That’s my bad folks. Sorry!” The pilot brought the vehicle back to hover mode and Adam displaced one of the techs at a terminal marked ‘Firmware’. He opened a screen and selected a sub menu. With a simple click of a button he turned to the controller. “Try that, Igor.”
This time, the vehicle moved forward at a steady pace. “Got a control subroutine mixed up but it’s an easy fix, provided the aircraft is still under control.” Adam didn’t seem terribly worried and it did seem to be a relatively small hiccup considering that they were watching an aircraft that could theoretically reach orbit several times on a single fuel cell.
“How long until we see something more exciting?” The thrill of the moment had worn off for Frank and he was already turning his thoughts to the conversion of the two hundred similar airframes that currently sat in storage.
Adam consulted a binder on a table behind them. “Slow and steady brings the test pilot home for dinner,” he intoned cheerily. “Looks like we don’t go above twenty feet until after lunch.”
It’s going to be a long day, thought Frank. After all the fuss to get here, it was hard for him to simply wave and walk away. He felt bad for his aircrew, who were cooped up in the jet under guard. I could say I need to leave for their sake, he mused. 
He walked over to one of the captains who had joined him at Nellis. “We should hit the road next time that thing is on the ground,” he said, noticing the man looked disappointed at the idea of missing aviation history. “We left my flight crew in the plane and didn’t even crack the windows. We should get moving before the SPCA takes them away on us.”
The man nodded reluctantly and walked over to clear their takeoff with the test controller.
Now we won’t have to spend the night in a hotel before flying home tomorrow. He suddenly realized his mistake. Now the crew, Herm and I won’t have an excuse to spend the night in Vegas. He shook his head in disgust. “Fabulous,” he muttered.
“Thanks, Frank.” Adam was gazing up at his pride and joy as it slowly crabbed sideways.
 
Red Flag Mineral Co. 
Sixty Meter Observatory 
Mauna Kea, Hawaii
July 3rd, 2027
McCutcheon stood up and looked around the boardroom table. The large central atrium of the telescope facility had changed drastically over the last year and a half.  Most of the changes had been gradual but the last four weeks had seen a frenzy of activity as the crowded central area had become too congested. What had served as their conference area was now completely overgrown with desks and office equipment. 
The octagonal central atrium was roughly seventy feet in diameter and sixty feet in height. A military engineering unit had spent the last month assembling two extra levels in the space. Using a modular, extruded aluminum framework, they constructed a second floor with a twenty-foot octagonal hole in the middle. The new twenty-five-foot wide ring of added space played host to two new conference areas on opposite sides of the opening. The second floor also housed workspaces for visiting staff, a secure discussion room and a small lunch area complete with a staffed barista machine. 
A third level had been built on four sides to allow workspaces for the senior staff. It was a ten-foot-wide section of aluminum flooring with eight cubicles built against the outer wall of the main structure. A four-foot-wide walkway overlooked the second floor, where the current briefing was taking place.
“It looks like Mickey is ready to start,” McCutcheon announced, bringing the low-level chatter to a gradual halt. He grinned and waved at the young woman as he sat, indicating that the show was hers.
If Uncle Harold could see you now, thought Mike as he watched his cousin stand up and walk to the railing that surrounded the central opening. Even before Mike became associated with the discovery of the aliens, Mickey’s father had always compared her to his nephew the scientist, the doctor. She always seemed to be second banana in Harold’s eyes.
Her work at SoCal had freed up so much bandwidth for them that they had easily generated enough capital to justify her salary for the next century. An ambitious VP had added their group to his portfolio shortly after work was implemented and he’d laid her and most of her team off, trying to show his superiors that they would achieve labor savings by promoting him. Her father assumed she had been laid off for performance reasons.
Of the original staff who remained, none had any idea of how to maintain the system that now crammed over ninety terabits of data through their optic network. Mickey had been contacted by Fred, her old boss, who had managed to hang on in a diminished capacity and she had politely declined his offer of assistance. Despite her respect for her old boss, she had no interest in providing backdoor assistance to the new VP. The lucrative new optical service would fall on its own, very soon in fact, due to a maintenance subroutine, as she liked to call it. 
Though it was borderline sabotage, Mickey was reasonably sure that no jury would side with a company claiming that the staff they had laid off should have done a better job of anticipating that they would not be around to maintain the system. Any day now, subroutines would start running system diagnostics and requesting acknowledgement from password protected accounts. Without those manual confirmations, the system would start to shut down.
Even though there had been a slim chance of successful legal action, Mickey was completely unconcerned. The staff of the UN effort enjoyed diplomatic immunity from prosecution. Having proven her ability to contribute to the team, she had insisted on making that immunity permanent for any existing legal entanglements. After a quick back-and-forth with New York and the US Justice Dept., the paperwork had been amended and she signed on. 
SoCal was about to lose millions and they would have no legal recourse. 
She smiled at the assembled team, then touched the tablet in her left hand, bringing the eight-foot screen hanging behind her to life. The massive display, centered over the twenty-foot hole in the middle of the second floor, showed a graphic user interface with pictographic characters. “This is the first workable interface that we came up with last week using a base 10 operating system.” The emulator had taken more than a month to program and required a bank of quantum processors.
She touched the screen and a sea of pictographs began to scroll across the middle window of the screen. “This is the translated data in its original text and, thanks to our friends from the mainland,” she gestured to four tribal elders who were among the newest permanent members of the increasingly unusual team, “we have been able to provide real time translation of the interface into English.” 
She touched a few buttons on the pad’s screen before continuing. “Folks, this may well be remembered as the greatest hack in human history,” she intoned in a calm but forceful voice as she stabbed her finger at the tablet. The screen behind her flickered for an instant and the interface was now in English.
The scrolling text contained orders. Page after page of information rolled across the screen. “The translation seems a bit odd,” Hal Tudor observed. “The sentences seem very jumbled. Are you sure it’s accurate?” 
Kaya, one of the Hopi translators, spoke up. “This is a literal translation, word for word,” the elderly woman asserted. “English is such a mix of different languages that it’s filled with extra words and grammatical tangents. The alien language was ancient long before they first landed here on Earth. Their way of speaking has undergone thousands of years of evolution, independent of any human tongue. We can’t expect them to sound like us.”
That seemed to satisfy Dr. Tudor and Mickey spent a few more seconds with the controls on her tablet, turning the screen behind her to static. “The fifth data burst caused this to happen to our interface.” She turned to look at the screen before continuing. “At first, we thought it was some sort of security mechanism, but it was hard to believe.” She strolled over to her place at the middle of the table and set her tablet down, picking up her coffee mug and cradling it in her hands.
“These guys had shown only the most elementary interest in securing their network,” she mused, “or even in considering that their transmissions might be intercepted by us. As the colonel likes to remind us, they don’t consider us to be a threat. As far as they are concerned, we’re barely a step up from pointy sticks. What we see as state of the art technology is far behind what they use.
“And yet, somehow, we manage to get by…”
She held the mug in her right hand, touching the screen with her left forefinger. A screen of text came up. It showed a list of systems - processing, helm, fire control, life support, data retention, and hundreds of barely recognizable items. “We backed up to the last working state and began feeding the data from burst five, bit by bit – literally,” she said with a chuckle. The group sat quietly, riveted to the screen.
“Forget it, Micks,” Mike said quietly from across the table. “It’s a tough room.”
She grinned. “We got this list at the start of the burst and then everything went belly-up a second time.” She killed the current display, bringing up the translated interface before taking a drink. “It was Corporal Farquhar who got us moving again,” she said, waving her mug across the table at Rob, spilling coffee on her tablet in the process. A low chuckle broke out. “So that’s how it is,” she asked with a look of mock indignation. “I give you comedy gold with bit by bit and get nothing, but a little slapstick gets you laughing?”  
With a sigh, she leaned over to the middle of the table to grab some napkins. “The trick to this,” she remarked with the casual air of one who regularly spills coffee on electronic devices, “is to wipe the screen without letting your skin touch it.” She dropped the napkins beside the tablet, looking up at the main screen to ensure that she hadn’t lost the view of the interface.
“OK, as I was saying, Rob here suggested that the list I just showed you indicated a firmware update. Basically, that would be an update of the little bits of software that do various things throughout the ship. We went back and figured out how to apply the updates to our emulator, giving us the latest and greatest version of the enemy’s systems.”
“So we can access all of the data from their transmission?” Mike was seriously impressed. He had originally suggested calling his cousin simply to embarrass the team from Echelon into cooperation. He was glad they called him on what he had thought to be a bluff. Mickey may not be big on rules but she was the most results-oriented person he knew. 
“Better than that.” Her voice took on a conspiratorial aspect. “Now that we understand the architecture of their firmware update, we can put together one of our own and send it to them before the fight starts.” 
“We can gum up their engines,” McCutcheon slapped a hand on the table in glee. “We can shut down their weapons, blind them and board the little bastards before they even get a chance to fight.” He smiled up at Mickey. “What do you need to make this happen?”
“I need a ship equipped with a bank of lasers and fitted with a transmission unit that we can put directly in the path of the mother ship,” she stated, holding out her index finger. “It needs to be fast enough to get there and transmit before the rest of the fleet goes into battle,” she added as a second finger extended. “And it needs to survive long enough to send the signal.” Three fingers.
“Three or four ships should do the trick,” McCutcheon mused as he looked absently at the main monitor. “Just big enough to convince the enemy that we’re trying to split their forces; they’ll probably stay together to fight against the main assault force. As long as our little software expedition looks like they overshot and ended up too far away to be a threat, they’ll probably be left alone long enough to send the signal.”
He stood up. “That’s a good day’s work folks,” he boomed. “Mickey, give some thought to the broad strokes of the plan so we can get it moving. I want to see the lasers ordered right away, and we need to get our hands on some ships and start modifying them to send this signal. I don’t care if it’s a sketch on the back of a napkin but I need to start giving the shipyard some idea of what they need to do to make room for the systems involved.” 
He looked over at Farquhar, then back to Mickey. “Ed’s been helpful?”
She nodded. “His idea about firmware updates is the reason we managed to keep the door open on the alien system, but he has incredible practical knowledge as well. He would be a big help now that we need to put together some laser transmission systems.”
“He’s all yours,” the colonel waved a hand negligently at his subordinate. “He’s been driving me nuts with all his tech talk lately so good riddance,” he grinned good naturedly at Rob who shook his head and sighed, the very model of an abused employee.
As the group broke up, Mike caught McCutcheon’s attention and walked over to the lunch area. He took two bottles of water from the fridge and threw one to the colonel as he walked up. The sub-zero climate on the mountain top was very dehydrating. “Would you say my cousin has made a hell of a big contribution today?” he inquired in a low voice.
“I’d say that and more,” he responded enthusiastically. 
Strike while the iron is hot, thought Mike. “I have a thought on how we could show some appreciation for all the lives she’s going to save with this idea.” He looked quickly over the officer’s shoulder. Mickey was still at the table, deep in discussion with Rob. Her hands were waving excitedly as she described technical details. “I know this is going to sound presumptuous at first, but I think you’ll agree that it’s justified when you consider the contribution she’s making.”
It took less time than Mike expected to sell the boss on his plan. Now he had to wonder whether the colonel could sell it all the way up to where the decision would really be made.
 
Greyhound Main Terminal
Calgary, Alberta
August 25th, 2027
Callum sat in the waiting area of the large atrium, watching a newscaster from the local twenty-four-hour news channel as she rehashed the surprise announcement that Humanity’s response to the aliens would launch early with only one augmented fleet rather than two. The revelation regarding the enemy timetable had left no room for a defensive plan. A quick offense was now considered the species’ only hope. How does this make sense?  he wondered. It puts a kink in the UN’s main excuse for dominating the planet. Maybe it has something to do with the doubt that I sowed when I made the New York broadcast. Could be they’re trying to counter the growing belief that there are no aliens.
His thoughts ground to a complete halt as he stared up at an image of himself. Goddamn Jeff, he raged silently. The picture on the screen was from his work ID photo and it showed him with his new beard. He’d been working as a form carpenter on a high rise construction crew and he’d made a start on recruiting new followers from among his coworkers. His superintendent had been out drinking with them at a downtown pub last night when the TV over the bar had displayed the standard ‘Callum McKinnon most wanted’ screen. 
Even four months after the blast, every station in North America ran that screen twice an hour for five minutes. The FBI had been on to him from his first arrival in New York but they had left him his freedom and assigned him a controller. It hadn’t taken Cal long to realize that Kevin’s cousin wasn’t his cousin at all, but a trained agent. The man’s eyes were always on the move and he carried himself like someone who was ready for action. Driving a cab in New York may not be the safest job on Earth, but it didn’t justify what Cal was seeing.
He assumed he was only free until they could figure out whether he had any other associates in the city and so he had played that up. He cut Mark out of the plan to abduct a UN diplomat and gave him the impression that he had one of his teams carry out the grab. Using his extended freedom, he had boarded a bulk freighter carrying fertilizer down the East River, killed the crew and set the nav computer to ground the ship next to the Secretariat building. 
He saturated the cargo by diverting fuel oil into the hold, creating a volatile product known as ANFO or Ammonia Nitrate and Fuel Oil. It was exactly this kind of mixture that invariably resulted in the deaths of several farmers every year, leaving only a smoking hole where their truck had been sitting. A simple timer attached to seven sticks of dynamite would be enough to start the violent reaction and bring down his riverside target. 
He climbed back into his Zodiac and raced across to the riverbank, heading for the roadblock that had been thrown up from a prearranged force based on the warning from whoever was pretending to be Mark. He approached one of the cruisers. “We’ve been directed to pickup the Secretary General,” he said to the patrolman standing by the car. 
The man, seeing a captain’s badge hanging on his belt, shrugged. “Keys are in the ignition.”
Cal had planned to use his next captive in conjunction with a new attack but her escape had forced him to go on the run. He had hoped that leaving the country would leave the chase behind, but the Canadians were almost as angry about the attack as their neighbors to the south. He had been keenly aware of every glance that turned his way, certain that he was about to be denounced at any moment. After several months in Calgary, he had grown a beard and shaved his head, looking like half the construction crew. Exposed to the elements at high elevations for twelve months of the year, they preferred beards for their winter warmth as well as protection against the summer sun.
Then Jeff had made his offhand comment last night.
“Y’know, Tim,” he roared across the table to be heard over the noise of the crew. “Y’look a bit like that Callum bastard, if I squint just right.” He held up his hands in a frame and rotated them, along with his head until he fell off his stool to the enthusiastic enjoyment of the crew. Callum had laughed it off and left twenty minutes later.
This morning Cal called in sick.
Someone must have remembered the reason why Jeff had fallen off the stool last night. Rolando was pretty sober, he thought. The six-foot-tall Philipino welder rarely drank more than one beer and would have remembered the whole story. They were probably retelling stories from last night and ended up putting two and two together. I should have gone to work today and then left tomorrow, he thought, now keenly aware of the police who walked about the station. Two soldiers in body armor also stood by the exit to the bus ramps equipped with the shortened Canadian version of the M-16 designed for armor crews. 
The heavy, armed presence was common now in the city. The whole country was a tinderbox. After more than a generation of state-funded universal health care, everyone was now at the mercy of the health insurance companies. Cal had nearly been caught up in a riot himself last week when Darryl, one of the riggers responsible for attaching loads to the crane, had lost his little finger while guiding a three-cubic-meter drop bucket filled with concrete.  The insurance wouldn’t cover the re-attachment and he couldn’t afford the eight grand that the procedure would cost. The angry crew shut the site down and went looking for trouble, brandishing the severed finger on a piece of rebar like some kind of holy relic. Cal had slipped away and gone home before the camera crews could show up.
Cameras were the least of Callum’s problems now as he looked around the departure area. A drug store was perhaps thirty feet away from the men’s room. He would buy a razor, some shaving cream and turn his beard into mutton chop whiskers. OK, breathe easy, you just need five minutes to change your appearance. He reached down and grabbed the small backpack at his feet and stood up. It was a slow day for bus travel and the seats between him and the drugstore had only one little old lady who smiled at him as he walked past. 
Cal heard a tiny gasp as he continued to the front door of the store. “That’s him,” the lady said in surprise. Cal kept walking, hoping she meant something else but the lady suddenly screeched at the top of her lungs. “That’s him. That’s the murderer.” Cal turned to see her standing in the middle of the aisle, her bony index finger pointed at him like the beckoning hand of death.
He looked past her to where a police officer was looking sideways at him, talking into his microphone while he drew his sidearm with his right hand. To his left, both soldiers were moving his way across the clear space in front of the exit doors, their assault weapons tight to their shoulders, ready to aim and fire. He cursed to himself as he realized that he’d lost track of the other two policemen before he stood up. They could be anywhere.
His quick assessment left him with only one viable option. 
He raised his hands.
 
Galileo Shipyard
Low Earth Orbit
December 11th, 2027
“OK, hold it right there.” Mike took an awkward step to the right. He lifted his video camera, putting on his best fake newscaster voice. “I’m standing here with Mickey Willsen, the genius whose idea led to the creation of mankind’s first space-faring electronic-warfare squadron.” He panned the camera and zoomed out to show the frigate looming behind her in the massive hangar deck. There had been just enough room to bring the command ship of the small, three-frigate force in through the port-side hangar doors of the UNS Ares. It had come in on its side and there was five feet of clearance at the most. 
For this occasion, the regulation requiring EVA suits on the hangar deck had been waived and they both stood in front of the blunt bow of the frigate in formal attire, except for the magnetic soles strapped to their feet. Mickey’s hair had looked perfect when they boarded the shuttle on Earth, but she hadn’t counted on the lack of gravity in the orbiting carrier.
“Tell us how it feels to be here for the official christening of the Danube,” he prompted her. 
“Well, Mike, it’s quite a thrill to be an astronaut for a day, and getting a ride in one of the new orbital landers was a real mind-blower.” She quickly combed her hair into a loose pony tail, securing it with an elastic from her purse. “Meeting the Secretary General will be pretty neat…” She stopped talking, her smile melting into confusion as she stared beyond her cousin. “Oh my God,” she said in a small voice. 
Mike couldn’t suppress a grin as he panned the camera around to show the small group that was rooted to a hangar elevator by magnetic soles. They rose slowly through a square opening in the deck like a troop of gladiators in an ancient Roman amphitheater. Standing there, along with Secretary General Sisulu, her staff and a collection of military officers, were Mickey’s parents. 
The elevator came to a halt and Sisulu led the group in a jerky procession to where Mickey was standing. “Aren’t you glad you didn’t wear heels for this?” she asked the stunned young woman in a loud stage whisper. She reached out a hand, thoroughly enjoying the look on Mickey’s face. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Michelle.” She gestured toward the bow of the new frigate which floated above the deck. “Shall we?” Jess turned to receive a bottle of champagne from an aide. Someone at the back of the group sneezed. 
Mike got a close-up of Uncle Harold as he and Aunt Jen flanked their daughter, taking her hands. The old man cuffed at his cheek as he looked up at the huge tarp that was draped across the dorsal end of the bow. Mike had failed to get them cleared for the trip but he had managed to broker a deal where they would go into quarantine until the battle had finished. The existence of the electronic warfare squadron was a closely-guarded secret and Mike had moved Heaven and Earth to find a way for Mickey’s parents to learn what she had done.
“Though the frigates of the fleet are named for rivers,” Jess began, “it was deemed fitting that the frigates of the electronic warfare squadron be named for leaders in the field of communications. Two of these vessels will be known as the Bell and the Morse, but the command vessel will be named after a visionary who is not only still living but, also, the reason for its very existence.” 
Jess turned to the crowd now, gesturing to Mickey. Mike was able to get a close shot of his confused cousin who, until this moment, had thought the command ship would be named the Danube. At a second gesture, she lurched into motion, oblivious to the surprised reactions of her parents. 
Jess handed her the bottle. She leaned in and whispered in Mickey’s ear. Receiving a vague nod in return, she turned back to the assembled dignitaries. “It is my great honor to christen thee the UNS Willsen.” 
Jess gave Mickey a slight nudge and Mike’s cousin took one last stunned look at the Secretary General before hurling the bottle at the new ship. It spun quickly toward the bow and shattered against the tarp which quickly pulled away from the hull by its four corners, containing the loose liquid and revealing the Willsen family name on the bow in raised metal letters.
Mike swung the camera back from the ship to focus first on Mickey and then on her parents, who were staring in shock at their name, specifically their daughter’s name, on the hull of a ship that might just save the species.
He finally shut the camera off and walked over to the Willsens. He shook Harold’s hand and was surprised to see a barbell shaped tear break free from the old man’s eyelids. It spun for a second, the two ends almost separating before surface tension forced it into a perfect, tiny sphere. He handed over the camera. “You’ll need this video someday when you’re telling your grandkids about it.”
To spare his taciturn uncle the embarrassment, Mike turned to hug Aunt Jen. Out of the corner of his eye, and through Jen’s medusa-like mess of hair, he could see his uncle wrapping Mickey in a fierce hug. In the thirty-five years Mike had known the man, he hadn’t even seen him hold hands with his own wife.
Location Unknown
V-22-Anasazi Variant
December 15th, 2027
Cal woke as the landing gear touched the ground. The ride had sown doubts in his mind. If the aliens were a lie, where had the engines come from for this vehicle? The ride was smooth and almost entirely silent. He could almost believe he’d spent the last five hours sitting on the tarmac at JFK.
Until the rear ramp opened. 
Hot, humid air hammered it’s way inside and the palms surrounding the landing strip were bent almost double from the force of the tropical wind.
He stood, flanked by four military policemen, and shuffled down the ramp, the familiar clinking of his leg irons drowned out by the storm. A green Humvee sat just outside the yellow landing circle, and a civilian stepped out as they approached. 
Guilderson? Cal halted in surprise, then stumbled forward as one of his guards gave him a shove. The security guard from Moffat field? What agency is she really with? This put things into a new perspective. Her apparent incompetence as a security guard must have been part of a larger plan. Had they been on to him from the very start?
As they reached the vehicle, she opened the back door and Cal was bundled in by the army cops, one hand on his head expertly guiding his forehead directly into the door frame with an alarming thud.
He dropped into the rear seat on the passenger side and Guilderson leaned in to belt him in place. His hands were still cuffed behind his back, but he knew better than to ask. Nobody cared if he was losing his circulation.  
He realized the MP’s were heading back to the aircraft and he knew no paperwork had been handed over. Prisoners weren’t just passed around like cigarettes, they always came with paper. What was happening here?
Guilderson got into the seat behind the driver. “Let’s get back before the storm cuts the road, Eddie.” 
“Yes, ma’am.” The army specialist threw the vehicle into gear and they lurched away, swinging around to head for an opening in the trees.
“Wondering why you’re here?” Guilderson was looking out at the storm.
“Yeah,” Cal answered simply. If she was bringing it up, she obviously planned on telling him.
“Well, thanks to President Parnell, we’ve clean run out of states that still have the death penalty, which is why we put you in front of a military tribunal.” She turned to give him a look that made him feel like something on the bottom of her shoe.
“Your death penalty has been put on hold for the time being, just in case more attacks occur on American soil.” She grinned. “Even if it has nothing to do with you, I’ll be pulling your fingernails out and shoving them under your eyelids, just to see if you have anything to add to your existing testimony.”
“So, I’ll be chained inside some hut until the government decides to kill me?” This was exactly the brand of big government that he hated.
“Officially?” A shrug. “You were executed three days ago by firing squad. Drummers, blindfold, the whole thing. You were cremated and scattered because no cemetery in the world wants you drawing vandals and protesters.
She shook her head. “No, you don’t get to sit around in a hut all day. You’re a carpenter, so you’re gonna work sixteen-hour days building this facility.”
They came out of the trees and started descending into the shelter of a deep valley that faced out onto a beach.  A village was springing up on the valley floor. Swarms of heavy equipment were driving the lush tropical growth back while workers filled the open space with attractive, craftsman-style homes. A small commercial district was taking shape nearer to the waterfront, as evidenced by the industrial air conditioning and refrigeration units on their roofs.
It looked like a nice place. Looked. He had the feeling this was just a nice prison for more slaves – maybe not slaves in chains like Cal, but slaves all the same. “And if I don’t work?”
She shrugged. “You’ll get hungry. You’ll get thirsty. You’ll end up strapped to a cot on life support until we need to talk to you. Frankly, I’m hoping you decide not to work. I’d like to sit outside your bars and eat my lunch while you drool.”
A sigh. He nodded over his shoulder. “If I work, I’ll need these shackles off.”
“Won’t be a problem.” She grinned at his surprise. “It’s not a very big place. There’s no way off this island for you, unless it’s me tossing a bag of ashes out the back of an Osprey. If you try to run, we can have a search craft in the air in five minutes and they’ll find your  heat signature inside of three minutes. Hell, they’ll even know your heart rate.
“And we’ll be hiding an implant on your body that broadcasts your location twenty-four seven. It also carries enough charge to shut your nervous system down, so yeah, we’ll take the shackles off and work you like a rented mule.”
She leaned back and looked out at the piles of overturned palms, waiting to be cut up and hauled away. “Welcome to Petite Tortue Island.”
The Flood Tide
Low Earth Orbit
UNS Hannibal
January 15th, 2028
The ships lay in an arrowhead formation, like migrating geese. The massive Ares sat in the middle of the formation, flanked by nine frigates and six cruisers. A thousand meters ‘above’ the Ares sat the smaller electronic warfare squadron consisting of the Bell, the Morse and the command ship, the Willsen. 
It was a much smaller force than the two fleets that the plan had originally called for, but they had to launch now if Humanity was to have any hope of survival. The data stream that had been intercepted in March had made it perfectly clear that the enemy would be coming very soon, and so this smaller fleet would launch now in a desperate gamble to stop them.
Frank was on the observation deck of the Hannibal. The cruiser was almost completed and it served as the viewing platform for today’s launch. He was still slightly awed at meeting so many heads of state and even more bemused by their own reactions. 
He had no hope of keeping track of who ran which country but they all seemed to know who he was without introduction. The Prime Minister of Britain had cornered him on the wet tarmac as they were boarding a modified Osprey for the short trip up to the Hannibal. In full view of the media, he had pressed a vigorous handshake on the startled project manager before slapping him on the back and walking up the boarding ramp with him.
Even here on the observation deck, the media presence ensured that Frank had a steady stream of ‘grip-and-grin’ photo ops. Though he had been hugely gratified at first, he soon tired of it and simply wanted a little privacy so he could watch the launch in peace. He floated over to the main window where a man gazed out at the largest project in history. 
The man turned at the approach and Frank realized that it was his own President (though Frank had voted for the Republican…). I would look like a jerk if I turned away now, he realized. I can hardly talk to the leader of every country while ignoring my own, and he does seem decent enough. 
“It seems like such a small force,” Parnell remarked, nodding at Frank, “when you consider how much hangs in the balance.” He looked back out the window.
“Hopefully, the even smaller force up there,” Frank replied, pointing upwards to the tiny electronic warfare squadron, “will manage to give us a critical edge.” 
“Hopefully,” Parnell agreed fervently. “Ms. Willsen’s contribution may be viewed by history as the turning point in this crisis -- the idea that made victory a possibility. One of her ancestors was captured by pirates in the 17th century.” He said this last in a wondering tone.
“Sir?” Frank was confused by the seeming non sequitur.
“Captured in Reykjavik by North African pirates and dragged off to Algeria,” the president explained. “If Christian IV of Denmark hadn’t ransomed the poor man a decade later, Ms. Willsen wouldn’t have been around to save us.” He looked over at Frank. “History is always teetering on the head of a pin, Mr. Bender. It’s not a comforting revelation but it’s true, nonetheless.” 
“Speaking of pinheads,” Frank replied, “I hear you finally got your hands on McKinnon?”
Parnell chuckled. “Another turning point that almost went the wrong way for us, but yes. He’s safely out of our hair.” He grew solemn. “It’s a shame about Chuck, he should have been here to see this moment…”
Both men turned their heads to the window as a collective gasp rippled through the assembled dignitaries. The fleet’s engines were coming online. 
The fission fragmentation engines, developed for the ships by a Polish physicist named Stanislaw Grocholski, came to glowing life. The bright blue exhaust created short plumes as the fission fragments were magnetically channeled away from the reaction at incredibly high temperatures.
A section of the window suddenly came to life, presenting an image of Admiral Towers directly between Frank and the American President. The two men abandoned their conversation and moved out of the way, giving the rest of the room a better view.
“Madam Secretary, ladies and gentlemen,” the admiral began. “We stand ready for full burn.”
“Godspeed, Admiral,” Jess responded, “and good hunting.” The exchange had been agreed upon beforehand. No flowery speeches, no allusions to an implacable foe, just a casual reference to victory. The crews of the fleet as well as the citizens of Earth needed to hear such confidence.
The engines, coordinated for this event by the systems on the Ares, simultaneously came to full power and nineteen ships began their ponderous acceleration for Mars.
“There is a tide in the affairs of men which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune,” the President murmured quietly. From his cadence, it sounded like a quote, but Bender couldn’t place it.
Frank felt an unexpected catch in his throat as the ships began to move against the backdrop of stars. I built those ships,  he thought. No matter what is built next year or even ten years from now, I built the fleet that will bring us either victory or defeat. He realized, if only from his sudden sense of relief, just how much pressure he had been working under. He had buried himself in the job with meetings, paperwork and travel, but the pressure had been there, all along.
He might even sleep the whole night through tonight, rather than waking in the wee hours to obsess over some technical issue or cost overrun.
But there was still pressure.
This launch was far ahead of schedule and, rather than sending two carrier groups, each with ten escorts, they were sending one augmented carrier group with one extra cruiser and four extra frigates. 
The only consolation was the presence of the electronic warfare squadron. Hopefully, they would survive long enough to send their vital signal and, hopefully, that signal would throw the enemy into confusion. 
Hopefully – because Earth was now left with no defensive force. Knowing that the enemy would launch their own attack within months, it had been decided that a fight around Mars with an augmented carrier group was preferable to a fight in Earth orbit where the enemy could land ground troops. Even a defeat at Mars should buy Humanity enough time to scrape together a defensive force for Earth. 
Frank would be very busy in the months to come building that defensive force. He could feel the weight settling back onto his soul again.
 
Mars Intercept Course
UNS Ares
February 5th, 2028
Mike coasted down out of the room that sat at right angles to the main command deck and into the combat information center, nodding an acknowledgement to the captain on duty. Though his own action station, known as the hole, was in the strange opening in the middle of the ceiling, this large area contained the communications section and he was being given a last chance to talk to his cousin before the fleets went into a communications blackout.  
The Ares, along with the other ships, had been equipped with a pared-down version of the laser communications system that the ships of the electronic warfare squadron carried. At this distance from Mars, there was no chance of the enemy intercepting the uni-directional signals.
Mike was filthy and had a three-week growth of beard. For the last few weeks, the bridge crew and the analysis cell, accessed by a hatch through the floor, had been quarantined at their action stations. An outbreak had struck the Ares one week out of Earth perihelion and most movement throughout the ship had been severely curtailed. The spread had been checked by the end of the second week but by that time almost half the crew had fallen sick. The ship’s medical facilities were set up for combat injuries and were woefully inadequate to deal with an outbreak of infectious disease.
By the end of the fourth week, it had become clear that the disease had a fifty-percent mortality rate. It had spread mostly in the areas associated with the hangar deck and a quarter of the ground crew and more than half of the ship’s infantry had been infected. The projected losses were depressing, especially so in a fleet that couldn’t hope to replenish its numbers. By some miracle, the Ares was the only ship in the fleet affected by the outbreak.
Admirals Gao and Towers had spent hours on the communications system discussing the problem. They had decided to wait another three weeks to ensure that the plague had run its course and then transfer every available infantryman and marine from the frigates of the fleet to the Ares. They would have one week to train with their new comrades before the fleet hit the thin Martian atmosphere. No communications were allowed with Earth, as it carried the possibility of warning the enemy of their approach. Nobody knew what might await them when they returned home.
“Sir, you have five minutes allotted,” the signals officer, a lieutenant from the French navy, explained to Mike as he arrested his motion via a bungee strap on what passed for a ceiling. “We start the blackout in one hour - twenty minutes before our flight profiles separate.”
Mike used the handgrips to position himself on a chair mounted in front of a terminal and strapped himself in. The monitor in front of him showed a series of gray buttons with ship’s names in them. He felt a catch in his throat as he saw the one green button labeled UNS Willsen. He touched the button and the screen was replaced by the face of a young sailor. “This is Major Mike Willsen calling Major Michelle Willsen.” 
Not for the first time, he was glad of the brevet ranks that Colonel McCutcheon had arranged for them. It made life on a military vessel more bearable and it also lit fires under people who might otherwise be inclined to question a civilian specialist. Having the same name as the young sailor’s ship might have also been a factor because his eyes widened a little as he acknowledged. “Yes sir, the major is standing by, wait one.” The screen went blank and Mike thought he had been cut off, but then the screen blinked on again and Mickey was there.
“Pretty good transmission, huh Mike?” Mickey asked. “Even for the low-rent version we put on the Ares it’s almost HD. What’s with the crew-cut?” 
“Micks, we don’t have a lot of time,” Mike warned, glancing at the timer. It was down to four minutes. “Stay safe out there. Your folks would never forgive me if you didn’t make it home.” What do you say to your cousin before going into combat?
“If anything, I probably have the safer job,” she replied. “We bounce off the edge of the atmosphere and make it look like an accident, then we turn around and use our engines to slow down. We’ll be so far out of range, and so quickly, they won’t even worry about us. They’ll just assume we screwed up on navigation.” She paused. “I’m kind of worried about what you guys are going to be doing. It sounds completely insane.”
“Things haven’t exactly been sane for a couple of years now,” Mike said quietly. He smiled, a little embarrassed at his tone. “Sorry, haven’t seen Keira for a while but it looks like she’s going to pull through.”
Mickey gasped. “We haven’t been given a lot of information over here; I had no idea she caught the plague.” Her shoulders relaxed a bit. “Thank God she’s OK. You must have been going out of your mind.” 
“What about you?” Mike leaned in. “What’s the story with you and Rob?” 
“Rob?” She sat back a bit, frowning. “We just work together. I don’t think he sees me that way, Mike.” She seemed genuinely surprised that Mike had even brought it up.
“But you see him that way?” For some reason, the military was like an incubator for relationships. Must be the constant contact and the danger, Mike thought. Either you end up hating each other or you wind up planning weddings.
She shrugged. “I suppose I could, under the right circumstances,” she said, qualifying her admission. “He’s smart; looks good in a uniform.” She grimaced at her cousin. “Mike, we’re just coworkers with a shared interest in building gadgets.”
“I probably shouldn’t tell you this,” Mike began with the standard disclaimer used by all who spill closely-guarded secrets. “Wes told me that his nickname is The Monk. The last girl he showed an interest in was three years ago. He doesn’t date just for the fun of it, so when he meets someone he likes, he has no idea of how to move things along.” 
Mike paused for a moment. I’ve already started; I might as well finish. “Evidently, it was some kind of major miracle that he ever got around to asking her out but they dated for a couple of months before she got arrested for holding up a bank in Mexico. Rob drove down to Ensenada and broke it off with her after she was convicted.” 
“Mike, this is all very interesting,” she sighed and leaned on her hand. “Why are you telling me all this right now?”
“Because I’ve seen how he looks at you when he thinks nobody is watching him,” Mike answered. “Nothing creepy or anything but it’s pretty obvious that he finds you attractive. I wasn’t sure at first but that briefing you did on the alien system left me with no doubt.” He looked around the CIC before going on. “Mickey, he’s known you for months now so it’s more than just a physical thing. I figured you should know. Who knows what might happen a month from now, and besides,”  he leaned in as close as possible to the screen before continuing in a low voice, “you wouldn’t want to look back on this and regret missing out on all that zero G has to offer.” Ten seconds left on the clock.
Mickey tilted her head and frowned at her cousin. Suddenly, his words made sense and her eyes almost popped out of their sockets. “Eww, Mike!” She considered for a second. “Wait, does that mean that you guys…” The signal cut off as the timer ran out. Mike reached up to the scar on top of his scalp where he had struck a bulkhead. One of the ship’s medical staff had shaved his head before stitching his wound and it was a scar that Mike would always remember fondly.
Twenty minutes later, the massive array of Grocholski Fission-Fragmentation engines went quiet. The fleet had reached its programmed speed. Any faster and they would be unable to remain in orbit on their arrival. Within the hour, they would turn those engines toward Mars and begin to decelerate until they reached the edge of the engagement zone. Once they reached that line, they’d be pointing their main armaments forward again. 
The huge reactors took up most of the rear quarter of the vessel and Mike had forgotten how much they contributed to the background noise. It suddenly felt like a ghost ship.
I suppose there are a few thousand ghosts on board thanks to the plague. Mike sat strapped to his chair, sipping water from a plastic bladder. Three more weeks of quarantine for Keira. He smiled at his screen.  I wonder what’s going to happen over on the Willsen now that she knows about Rob.
 
Transfer Orbit Aphelion
150,000 km outside of Mars Orbit
March 12th, 2028
“They’re moving to intercept,” a young lieutenant announced. 
Mickey looked over at the wall display, seeing that two of the six triangular ships had broken off from the main group and were moving out of orbit to meet the small incoming squadron. Shadows drifting across a rising sun. Oddly, the risk of imminent death only made the spectacle even more beautiful. The display indicated that their present course and speed would bring them across the squadron’s path ten minutes too late. 
“Their current vector presumes a braking evolution on our part,” the young officer continued. “By the time they realize their mistake, we should be well clear of them.”
“Reading massive electromagnetic signatures from both ships,” Lieutenant Commander Kelvin called out from the sensor coordination cell. “Profile is consistent with rail gun mechanisms, but we see no turrets.”
“Could be a traverse, mounted inside the vessel,” suggested one of his analysts.
“Waste of space,” countered the officer. “They probably don’t use turret mounts because they would get in the way of docking with the mother ship but that won’t mean they want to use up major real estate to swing a gun inside the hull.” He thought for a moment, then nodded to himself. “I think they have to swing the entire ship around to bring those guns to bear.”
As if in answer, brilliant plumes of plasma erupted from the bows of the two alien ships as the projectiles exited the barrels. Two pencil-thin lines seared their way across the black nothing of space as the ionized gasses trailed the incoming masses. Mickey felt a moment of terror as she realized that they were coming under fire. In a matter of seconds, she and everyone on this ship could be blasted out into the unforgiving darkness.
“Projectiles are in a direct line with the ships’ axes,” the operator confirmed. “Looks like you called it, sir.”
The lieutenant commander leaned over the operator’s shoulder. “Based on the spike we saw just before they fired, it looks like they need a few minutes to recharge,” he said, looking up at Captain Logan. “They thought we’d be slowing down and fired at where we should have been if we were going to slip straight into orbit,” he added. “We can’t count on them making the same mistake again. “They’ll get off another volley about a minute before we hit atmo.”
“Very well,” the captain said calmly as he activated his headset, opening a radio channel to the other two ships. It allowed ship-to-ship coordination by encrypted burst transmissions. “Echo Whiskey Squadron, this is Commodore Logan. All vessels weapons free; good hunting, out.” He deactivated the headset as he turned to the fire control cell. “Start shooting,” he growled. “I don’t care if you have a solution or not; just start sending metal their way. We might not get a chance to use our guns again.”
Though modified to carry the communications gear, the three ships of the EW Squadron were still frigates and the frigates were originally designed for one purpose - to pour fire on the enemy. The Willsen still carried fifty five guns of varying size, ranging from 30 mm Gatling guns to 155mm smoothbores.
Mickey felt a low rumble through the ship as the turret mounts rotated to bear on a point near the enemy ships. At this speed, they had to trail their targets in order to have any chance of impacting them. The fire control team used some of the most powerful computers Earth could provide in calculating the outbound trajectories. Just like the army used ENIAC for the same thing in the forties, she realized,  except it wasn’t done in real time.
A drum-beat of distant explosions began to sound throughout the ship. Though the turrets were soundproofed, some sound always found its way into the ship and the shock of the recoil was partially translated throughout the vessel’s bulkheads. A constant buzz came from the twenty Gatling guns as they spit out a hail of 30 mm depleted uranium rounds. It sounded like a swarm of giant hornets had infested the ship. Though nobody had any idea whether the outgoing ordinance would have an effect on the enemy, it made the crew feel better to be firing back.
“One-minute countdown to atmospheric entry on my mark.” A navigation officer held up his hand as he watched the screen. “Mark.” A sixty-second timer appeared on every screen throughout the ship. 
Mickey reached out and dragged the timer up to the top right corner of her touch screen before tightening her restraints for the fifth time in seven minutes. She double-checked the transmitter diagnostics and tried not to think about what was coming. 
“Electromagnetic spike,” the sensor operator yelled.
“Fire control, all Vulcans to fire directly at the enemy vessels. Disable the trailing calculation, NOW,” the captain’s grim face brooked no argument from fire control and they adjusted accordingly, despite their blank looks. “Seal bulkheads and brace for impact,” he announced calmly over the intercom.
“Thirty seconds to atmo,” the navigation officer announced, sounding like he was talking about nothing more important than a minor dip in the NASDAQ.
Who the hell would be crazy enough to want a job like this? Mickey’s eyes were riveted to the display showing the alien ships. A rash of reddish orange dimples started appearing around them.
“Looks like energy shielding. None of our rounds are penetrating,” the sensor officer commented. “Now the question is, can they fire while they have shielding active?” His answer came almost immediately as the rounds started impacting the ships directly. Clouds of plasma erupted from the enemy bows yet again and everyone held their breath.
“For what we are about to receive…” muttered the communications officer to Mickey’s right.
There was a brilliant flash just over five hundred kilometers from the Willsen and the fire control officer looked at the captain with an admiring shake of his head. “Quick thinking, Sir. The incoming projectile must have impacted a round from one of our Vulcans.”
At 6,000 rounds per minute the twenty Vulcans that had visibility on the target had been able to put a deadly haze of more than 100,000 depleted uranium rounds between them and the enemy. Designed as a close-in weapon system for use against incoming missiles, it was a miracle that they had proven effective against the higher-velocity round from the enemy rail-gun. The two projectiles had met at a combined speed of almost twenty thousand kilometers per hour and little more than vapor remained. Unlike their radar-aimed cousins on Earth ships, these guns had been used to throw out a random defensive screen and it had worked - this time.
“The Morse has been hit,” the sensor coordinator announced. “It looks like she’s been completely broken up: we read nothing larger than a few meters across.” Logan clenched his fists but said nothing.
One hit and the Morse disintegrates? Mickey shivered. Why exactly did I insist on coming along for this? Name one ship after me and I get delusions of grandeur…
The counter on her screen reached zero and she looked expectantly around the room. Nothing seemed to be happening. She was just about to remark on it when a slight moan ran through the ship. Another followed and then a series of almost imperceptible shudders. The disturbances began to grow and Mickey soon felt as though she was sitting in the back of a pickup as it drove over a rough track. The screens showing the enemy ships went blank. 
“We’re blind for the next five minutes until we bounce back out,” Lieutenant Commander Kelvin, the intelligence officer, announced. He nodded to one of his men and the main screen showed a replay of the enemy ships during the brief shield-drop. The results were unmistakable, without their powerful shields the enemy ships were horribly vulnerable. 
“Mix of kinetic and HE,” the officer said with relish, looking over at Logan. “The 155mm uranium tears open a hole and the high explosive rounds rip out their guts once they make it inside. Contact was drifting off station as we lost visual and there is no evidence of an electromagnetic buildup.” He crossed himself as he stared up at the screen. “I think we crippled her.”
“And the other ship?” Logan asked quietly.
“Can’t say,” Kelvin answered simply. “They could be lining up a shot on us right now while we’re blind.”
“Or they could be turning to face the other sixteen ships that are still on their way.” Logan sounded confident in his assessment. “We may be blind but they aren’t and they have to know by now that our current speed and trajectory will fling us out of the atmosphere on the other side of the planet and leave us out of the fight for now.” 
“I figure the chances are roughly even, but that means they might get one more shot at us.” Kelvin shrugged. “Good thing we still have two ships.”
“You know, I think the galley switched from grounds to crystals last week,” the captain mused. A few of the bridge crew chuckled. “Miracle of modern science,” he went on. “I hear the UN spent millions to develop a zero-G coffee maker and what does Bob do? He gives up coffee.” 
The chuckles grew as Kelvin smiled and played along. “You might be happy drinking out of a colostomy bag but I’ll wait till we get home, thanks.”
Mickey thought they had completely lost their minds but then she looked at the faces in the CIC. Men and women whose faces had shown fear a moment ago were now smiling at the ridiculous banter of the two officers. It was completely out of character for them but they were putting on this show to take the crew’s minds off the even chance of gruesome death. She marveled at the kind of officer that could come up with something like that, knowing he may never see his children again.
“Coming back out,” announced the nav officer.
“Very well,” Logan answered, triggering his headset. “All hands, stand by for maneuvering.”
The turbulence trailed off and suddenly the screens came back to life as the Willsen lifted her bow out of the plasma flare. 
“Where is the contact?” Logan asked calmly.
“Out of sight behind the planet.” Kelvin was hovering over his operator’s shoulder. “Looks like we’re on our own for the moment. The Bell went a bit deeper into the atmosphere than us but she should bounce out any minute.”
“Very well. Helm, bring us about and set the engines to full military thrust.” He touched his headset. “All hands, set condition two throughout the ship. Brace for maneuvering.” The maneuvering thrusters fired and he lurched against his restraints as he looked over at Mickey. “Well, Major, in another fifteen minutes, the spotlight shifts to you. I hope this works.”
You’re not the only one,  she thought as she checked the diagnostics again. She felt a flutter in her stomach. Because of you, they built this squadron and now the crew of the Morse will never see their families again. She forced herself to snap out of it. If this works, sixteen other crews have a much better chance of making it home.
 
Emergency Shelter
Tharsis Region, Mars
March 12th, 2028
Jennifer Grayson looked up at the ceiling of the shelter. The deep rumbling sound was getting louder. “Gus, what’s going on out there?” 
Commander Gus Hayes was still the leader of the expedition even though it had been reduced to only seven colonists. He had suited up at the first hint of the strange noise and he cautiously approached the tunnel entrance with his sidearm in his right hand. The 9mm automatic had been modified to remove the trigger guard and Gus didn’t trust it not to shoot his foot off, or other body parts that he valued more highly than a foot.
He leaned up against the mouth of the tunnel and peered out, he saw no ground vehicles or tracks so he looked up. His right hand lowered, the pistol now pointing at his foot as he stood and stepped out of the tunnel mouth, staring up into the night sky in amazement. Over a dozen red streaks were thundering across the sky. No meteors for two years and now this? Suddenly, every muscle in his body stirred with adrenaline and he felt like yelling in triumph. 
Those are ships, using the atmosphere to bleed off velocity. The aliens didn’t need to do that; they can stop on a dime. Those have to be human ships! He started to put the gun away before stopping with a grimace and slowly releasing the hammer. It’s not my foot that’s going to get shot off.  Holstering the weapon, he pulled out a camera. “Jen, put the monitor on Wi-Fi; you gotta see this.” He pointed the camera and framed the shot.
Jennifer switched the screen to pick up the feed and stood in front of it with the other colonists, staring at it in silence for several seconds. “Gus, what is that?”
“It’s a fleet. They’re aero-braking in the atmosphere, maybe thirty or forty clicks up,” he sounded jubilant. “I’d bet you a day’s water that they came from home. They’re coming in hot and using the atmosphere for deceleration so they can get into action without a long slow approach. Folks, we’re going home!” The central room of the shelter broke out into cheers and crying. 
Dan, the miner who had been at Vinland for a visit when the attack came, threw his arms around Jennifer and lifted her off the ground, spinning them both around in a clumsy arc. She finally gave up her disbelief and laughed.
 
Periapses Raising Burn
Mars
March 12th, 2028
“We’re out,” announced the navigation officer.
“Where’s that contact?” Admiral Towers demanded calmly.
“Looks like she stayed behind to guard her crippled sister, though she took some damage herself when she fired on the Cú Chulainn,” the sensor officer replied. 
“Thrusters coming online,” reported the helm operator. “Beginning fleet-wide raising burn in twenty seconds.
The Cú Chulainn, though still with them for the moment, would not join them in orbit. The heavy cruiser had taken a hit to the stern and had lost almost a quarter of her mass in the resulting explosion. She still drifted with the fleet but would soon skip out of orbit and drift out past the remaining two ships of the EW Squadron. The Yangtze had suffered a much worse fate. 
The smaller frigate had been completely destroyed, much like the Morse, and her debris had burned up in the atmosphere as it kept pace with the fleet.
There was a commotion in the hole and McCutcheon poked his head around the corner from below. “What’s going on in there, Wes?”
“Come look at this, sir,” Sgt. Davis pointed at Cpl. Alexander’s monitor. “Andy figured out the short round. The Willsen disabled fire correction on the close-in weapons system and just fired almost straight at the target.” 
McCutcheon looked at the vectors displayed on the screen. “So a ten-dollar hunk of metal saved a frigate from destruction,” he sounded as if he didn’t believe his own words. He looked down to where Towers sat strapped to his chair. “Sir,” he called.
The admiral looked up from the operators and screens in front of him, craning his neck to look up into the analysis cell. “Anything we can use, Colonel?”
“A couple of things, Sir,” McCutcheon drifted down to float in front of the fleet commander. “They can’t take a crap without dropping their pants - if they want to shoot at us, they drop shields and take severe damage. They also didn’t seem to have a fighter complement aboard but they may still be on the planet’s surface. Their planned launch date was still a few weeks out.” 
He glanced back up into the cell before continuing. “The Willsen got lucky,” he said. “She put a hail of 30 mm depleted uranium rounds in the path of the incoming projectile and one of them impacted. We can do the same when we go into combat but I think we have a problem. The enemy might not fire on us.”
Towers worked that over for a moment before nodding. “The only way we can hurt them is if we already have a hail of ordinance heading their way when they drop their shields. That means we need to fire continuously and we don’t have an unlimited supply of ammunition.”
“Fifteen minutes to contact,” the navigation officer announced.
“If the signal doesn’t shut them down -” McCutcheon began.
“If the signal doesn’t shut them down, Colonel, we have a tough morning ahead of us,” Towers replied simply.
 
UNS Willsen
Home world transmission axis
March 12th, 2028
"We have incoming signals,” a lieutenant sitting next to Mickey announced. 
Mickey ran the signal through the emulator. She and Rob had assembled two systems on each of the three ships, one primary and one back up. The primary system on the Willsen sat in a compartment just behind her. Rob, promoted to the army rank of second lieutenant, was at the backup unit, two hundred feet forward in the secondary command center.
“We have the beacon from their home world,” she announced, sliding the window over and concentrating on the signal from Mars. “Looks like we have an automated acknowledgement from the mother ship.” She opened a new window, studying the screen as the translated code slid by. “Same architecture as their firmware update.” She grinned over at Logan. “Time to shove a jalapeño up their tailpipes.” 
The captain nodded. “It’s your show now, Major,” he declared  with a note of finality. “Helm, slave your controls to the major’s terminal.”
“Helm, aye. Controls are now in the hands of the EW officer.” The young helm officer hunched forward in his seat, watching the screen like a hawk, not fully trusting Mickey to steer his ship. 
This is nuts, the full weight of responsibility suddenly made itself felt as Mickey designated the center of the heavily diffused beam from home world. How they had managed to keep a beam coherent over such an incredible distance was beyond her experience, but that was a question to ask after the fight. 
The thrusters began to push the heavy ship into the center of the path so that the transmission they were about to send wouldn’t arouse suspicion. If it came from even a few degrees off axis, the whole thing might fall apart, as the alien system might reject the signal.
Though she had understood the importance of her role aboard the Willsen, it was only now that the full impact had begun to sink in. If she failed, if her coding was faulty, if the aliens figured out why they had overshot, the people of Earth might fall into slavery or worse. Programming work done in leisure back on Mauna Kea might carry the one small flaw that would undo everything they had planned for. 
There was no time to recheck now. Even a short delay might give the enemy time to think. Sooner or later, someone aboard those ships would realize that the Willsen was positioning herself directly in the middle of the transmission path from Home world.
They were only seconds away from optimal positioning and she forced herself to take a calming breath. We’ve done everything that can be done, she told herself. Forget about nerves. If I’m about to fail humanity, then it’s because of something that I’ve already screwed up. There’s no making it worse now. The braking thrusters were firing. The orange circle on her screen turned bright green. Just do your job.
She reached out and touched the send button in the upper right corner of her interface. “Signal sent.” She sat there, staring at the screen, feeling as though she had no body.
“Fleet is coming into range of the enemy,” announced the sensor officer.
Coming to Grips
UNS Ares
Mars Orbit
March 12th, 2028
Mike looked at the screen. “Wes, that ship looks like it’s still moving.” 
Sgt. Davis nodded. “At least one still in the fight, the other three aren’t turning to face us, though.” He frowned. "The captain of that ship may have figured out our little trick in time to save himself but not in time to save the rest?”
“One moving, sir,” McCutcheon called down to Towers. “Designating live vessel as Zulu Alpha Three.” The first two designations had gone to the two ships that they had passed on their way into orbit. Zulu Alpha One had destroyed the Yangtze and crippled the Cú Chulainn. Zulu Alpha Two was crippled and drifting into the planet’s gravity well.
The admiral activated his headset. “Fleet wide,” he ordered curtly and paused for a few seconds. “Flag to all vessels, weapons free; concentrate fire on target Zulu Alpha Three. All ships, be advised that boarding operations are commencing. Adjust firing solutions as directed by  Ares fire control. Flag out.” He turned to the operations officer. “Launch the boarding craft for all stationary targets.”
The drumbeat of heavy guns reverberated through the CIC.
 
~*~
Down on the hangar deck, Märti sat in the assault shuttle with most of the men of Alpha Company. His small battalion had been split between three of the large assault vessels and he had brought his small staff with him aboard the Malevolence as this craft was named. The men all looked up in unison as dull thuds announced that the ship had started firing. The reaction was purely instinctive as there were no windows for them to see out of. 
A week earlier, they had been shuttled off the Hermann to replace troops dead from the plague and it had been the Malevolence that had brought them to their new home. Now the flight officers in the stern of the small ship touched hands to their helmets as a signal came through. Red lights came on and Märti could feel a grinding vibration as the large docking clamps came loose. 
“Helmets on,” he called out. During the long wait in the shuttle, he had allowed his men to remove their helmets, partly to give them a break but largely because he didn’t want them wasting their breathable gas while still inside the shuttle. Now was the time to put them on. The trip to the enemy ship would be short.
Very short.
The shuttle shifted upwards and then to the left, holding there for a moment before suddenly slamming every one forward in their rear facing seats as the liquid fuel rockets kicked in. The shuttles were controlled by operators on board the Ares, reconciling the target assignments with whatever data was available about the enemy ships. Colonel McCutcheon’s team was working frantically, identifying likely soft points in the ship structures as well as priority target zones such as engineering and command centers.
The two flight officers at the rear were simply backup, ready to take over if the signal from the Ares should be lost. If the Malevolence succeeded in penetrating the enemy hull, they would fight along with the rest of the men. If the shields were down.
After half a minute of flight, Malevolence’s heavily armored bow slammed into the enemy hull. There was a loud shriek of metal against metal as they passed through the outer structures of the ship, jerking left and right as the armored bow slid past structural elements. The men were pinned against their seats by the deceleration, made survivable only by the hydraulically-dampened sliding of the assault shuttle’s inner hull. 
The motion finally ceased and the flight crew activated the exit panels. Shaped charges along the sides of the Malevolence’s inner hull blew rectangular openings through the outer skin and the men began to pour out into the enemy vessel. Märti stepped out into a windstorm. They had penetrated into a large compartment and the atmosphere was now venting into open space.
He forced his way against the wind, following First Platoon, and he found that the force against him slowly diminished as he got farther from the new tunnel that now led directly into the void. He stopped on a raised catwalk that ran for several hundred feet, overlooking what had to be a rail gun. 
He activated his communications system, using the channel set aside for this particular boarding mission. “Second Battalion, report in.” At his feet was a dying alien crew member. The small creature looked surprisingly human, despite his obvious differences, and his face showed pure terror as he clutched at his throat. The catwalk across from him presented a similar scene as several members of the enemy crew asphyxiated.
He felt strange and couldn’t quite put his finger on it until he saw one of his men climbing up onto a higher catwalk. They have gravity on their ships, he thought in amazement. I’ve been walking instead of floating. The two captains began relaying the status of their companies. It was a mess. One of the three shuttles carrying his men had slammed into a water tank and the men were trying to find a way out. The soldiers from the other shuttle had been channeled in various directions as they flowed through a warren of corridors. Nobody had reported any serious resistance yet.
The bridge is most likely on the central axis so we should move aft,  he decided as he stood up and pressed his locator beacon. His other men would have to fend for themselves. “All troops from the Malevolence, concentrate on me,” he ordered as he moved down the catwalk.
At the far end, he found hatches on either side of the central axis of the rail gun. By now, he had collected almost a hundred of his men. He split them into two even groups by the simple expedient of chopping his hand to mark an imaginary line through the crowd. “Leuzinger, take your men, open the starboard hatch and start working your way down the length of the ship. “Fischer, same thing on the port side.” 
He paused for a moment as more men came up. “I’ll bring the rest as a reserve. If you can’t open a hatch, blow it open. There must be fifty dead enemy in this compartment alone because they didn’t expect us to get past their shields. We can use that against them. Leave every door open and depressurize the ship as you go.” He stopped again to make sure he was thinking clearly. “Stay on this level for now. If we don’t find the bridge by the time we reach the stern, we’ll go down one deck and work our way back to the bow. Get going and, remember, we want this ship in one piece – more or less.”
The men split off, heading for the two doors. Both opened easily and a new breeze began to flow but it ended quickly on the port side. The starboard door vented more atmosphere, indicating a larger space, and Märti led his men over to follow Leuzinger’s force as they passed through.
On the other side, he found himself in a low corridor that stretched off into the distance. More enemy crew were in sight attempting to crawl to the closed doors that lined the long hallway. Silent muzzle flashes glared angrily as the leading soldiers cut them down. Doors were levered open with breaching bars, exposing enemy crewmen as they tried to don their suits. More silent flashes and more dead enemy. 
They don’t have tails, Märti realized. Are they a different species or do they engineer the genes of their clones depending on the job they were grown for? Perhaps combat troops have them for balance…
Fischer’s voice crackled in Märti’s ear. “We’re meeting heavy resistance,” he reported calmly. “Thirty plus enemy, roughly fifteen meters aft of my position.” 
Märti looked down at the display on his wrist. Fischer was roughly ten meters closer to the bow than he was. “Reserve, on me,” he ran aft another ten meters then turned to the port side of the hall, motioning to the door. Two of the men cleared the room and Märti pointed out two men who were carrying plastic explosives. “Both of you come in here.” They followed him inside the room. He pointed to the wall across from the door. “On the other side are enemy troops holding down Lt. Fischer’s team. I want a door in this wall.” 
The two men rolled their bricks of C-4 into long strips and stuck them on the wall, roughly approximating the shape of a door. Sticking detonator tabs over the strips they moved back out into the hallway, looking at Märti for the order to fire the charge.
He turned to the men of his reserve, Leuzinger’s team had already moved past them. “Fischer and his team are in trouble behind that wall,” he announced on the battalion wide circuit for the benefit of Fischer’s team. “When that charge goes off, we pour through the hole and hit the enemy hard. Line up.” He turned to the two men by the door as the rest formed into a rough line. 
“Fire it,” he ordered. There was a faint percussive sound, transmitted through the decking and the air in the EVA suits, and a silent flurry of debris flew out through the door. “Go, go, go,” he yelled. The line began to pour through. Märti forced his way into the line and soon found himself in a similar room, except that it contained four dead enemy, their weapons laying on the deck. They must have been firing at Fischer’s men from the cover of the room, never expecting an attack to come through the wall.
Moving out into the hall, he found that his men had made quick work of the opposing force. Fischer’s team had pulled into cover and ceased fire when Märti had given the order to fire the charge, not wanting to hit friendly troops. The aliens had thought they were getting the upper hand and were pouring out of cover just as the new force appeared behind them.
Märti saw the lower half of an EVA suit protruding from one of the side rooms and walked in to investigate. One of his troopers was still in the suit but he was dead. His helmet had been removed and the visor was heavily cracked. Evidently the enemy wasn’t happy about how many of their crewmates were dying from asphyxiation. It looked like they had indulged in some savage form of revenge.  
“Bastards!” Märti turned to see Sgt. Dreher standing behind him. “They popped Federer’s helmet off so they could watch him die,” he snarled. Federer was in Dreher’s squad and the big man wasn’t taking the loss very well. “Sooner we kill them all, the better,” he declared vehemently.
A chorus of agreement came over the net. Everyone in the battalion had heard him. 
The ambush proved to be the high-water mark of enemy resistance. For the next half hour, they pushed their way against light resistance until they reached a circular catwalk surrounding a two-story open space. A large glazed box dominated the center of the room where a couple dozen aliens sat at terminals, glancing nervously out at the humans as they worked. 
More of Märti’s lost soldiers were already there, surrounding the strange room. One was leaning up against the wall, a pressure bandage covering a wound in his leg as well as sealing the hole in his suit. There were men with the British flag on their shoulders as well. One of them walked over and stopped in front of him, using his wrist pad to change his radio to proximity mode. “Major Bohren, I’m glad to see you in one piece.” He grinned. ”It would seem that most of their ground troops are still on the planet. We met only light resistance.”
“Captain Kennedy,” he nodded. Salutes during combat tended to be discouraged by the more sensible armies of the world, unless, of course, you had an unpopular officer you wanted to point out to enemy snipers. “We met a small group of thirty or so. Probably their security force. What have we got here?” 
A shorter figure shuffled over to join Kennedy, no doubt suffering from a sprain after so many weeks in zero gravity.
“The bridge, I believe,” Kennedy replied mildly. “The glass appears to be bulletproof, as your young man over there will attest.” he waved towards the soldier with the wounded leg.
“Probably blast proof as well,” Märti  walked over to one of his corporals who was placing a hastily-shaped charge of C-4 against he glass. “Gschmöcksch de töff?” he waved at the man on the floor. “The glass is too strong, blow the door.” 
“Can he smell the motorbike?” Kennedy had followed Märti over to the glass.
Märti shrugged as the young soldier peeled the C-4 from the glass. “Old saying,” he explained. “It means can you see the problem?”
The charge blew the door across the room, narrowly missing one of the aliens, who had put on their EVA suits when they realized what the humans were up to. A mixed team of Swiss and British poured into the enemy CIC, pulling them away from the consoles.
Kennedy was frowning down at his wrist pad as he joined Märti inside the glassed enclosure. “I seem to have lost the Ares beacon,” he muttered. “How careless of me.”
Märti looked down at his own display; the indicator was red. “It can’t be destroyed, all the ships’ beacons are missing.” He looked up at Kennedy. “They’ve got the shield back up.” Suddenly, he recalled why Kennedy’s small force of SAS troopers were assigned to this assault. Their main purpose was to ensure the translator made it to the bridge in one piece.
He looked again at the shuffling figure. “Sir, we need you to convince them to drop their shields and surrender the vessel.” 
The translator looked like he might be over eighty years old, but he was alert and calm. Nodding, he shuffled over to the one alien who’d been stalking back and  forth in front of the others as they worked. Two SAS troopers held the alien firmly and the elderly interpreter headed straight for him. He leaned over to press his helmet, visor to visor, against the enemy officer’s helmet so sound could travel through without having to find a compatible channel.
The translator’s helmet had been left on proximity mode and everyone in the room could hear the conversation. Though nobody could understand the ancient language, it was clear that the enemy officer was viciously angry.
The translator straightened up slowly and turned to Märti. “He tells me that his republic and its triumvirs have decided that Earth must be brought into their dominion. He will take no actions that betray his orders and promises that our species risks complete annihilation if we don’t disengage immediately and surrender our ships.”
“Sheisdreck,” grumbled Sgt. Dreher. “You don’t make fancy speeches when you have a gun to your head; we need to show this little souhund who’s in control!” He walked over to the group of prisoners in the corner. “C’mere you little arschloch.” He pulled one of the prisoners out of the group and, before Märti had any idea of what he planned, ripped off the alien’s helmet before kicking him to the floor in front of the enemy officer.
“I do hope that isn’t the engineering officer,” Kennedy murmured quietly as the enemy captain struggled against the two humans holding him. “It certainly has made an impression on our little friend.”
Märti wasn’t sure if he detected a note of censure in Kennedy’s voice. I should care but I’m having a hard time feeling sorry for these invaders. He knew that it was wrong to use prisoners in such a way, but he also knew how that rule had been ignored by every military in history when need arose. The Allied Forces had been known to gun down German prisoners on D-Day because they couldn’t spare the manpower to guard them. 
Not when their toe-hold was still so tenuous.
The small enemy on the deck finally ceased his thrashing, his disturbingly familiar face had turned an almost blue color. Märti looked at the translator, nodding over at the shocked prisoner that they assumed to be the captain. “Ask him again.”
With surprising force for such an old man, the translator grasped the throat of the ancient enemy and shoved his head back against the glass wall, pushing his own visor forward to touch. His words carried more force this time and the enemy’s tone showed the first cracks of defeat. They argued back and forth for a few minutes until Dreher pulled another prisoner from the group. That settled matters. The translator turned and held out his hand to Dreher. 
“Stop,” he said softly. “They will surrender the ship.”
 
~*~
 
Mike frowned at his screen. With nothing else for him to do until ground operations began, McCutcheon had him tracking the ORBAT or Order of Battle statistics. His monitor showed both a blue side and a red. The blue represented friendly forces and it wasn’t a pretty sight. The one functional enemy ship had struck the Sun Tzu, breaking the cruiser into three large pieces which went on to cripple two of the frigates that followed her.   
The enemy’s second shot was also cleverly aimed and plowed straight through the centerline of the Yalu, carrying debris and plasma onto the St. Lawrence, stripping away almost all of her sensor gear. By that time, rounds from the fleet were almost on top of the enemy and she raised her shields. 
In two minutes, one enemy ship had removed one cruiser and four frigates from the fight. Added to that were the loss of the Cu Chulainn and the Yangtze, both taken out of the fight before they even reached orbit. That meant that they had lost almost forty percent of their total combat power before even starting to fight. Now they had settled into a stalemate. Sporadic fire from the Human fleet kept the enemy’s shield up but no progress was being made.
Mike felt a chill. Was the other operational ship within communication range of the mother ship? He pulled up a sensor screen. He directed a part of the sensor array towards where the two ships had been as the fleet had hurtled past on their way to the atmosphere. “Shit,” he blurted. 
McCutcheon was down in the CIC so Mike leaned over and yelled his news. “Zulu Alpha One is still active and heading our way. ETA ten minutes.” He looked up at the overview screen that showed the fleet-wide coordination of data. His new contact had been sent to the fleet almost immediately.
“All ships, this is Admiral Gao,” the second in command stated calmly, using the fleet circuit. “We don’t want to fight two of these things at once if we can help it. The Achilles is in a perfect position to open the door on Zulu Alpha Three. All vessels direct your fire on the bow of the enemy ship and we’ll get him to drop his shield.” 
“If any ship isn’t following that order, I’ll want to know the reason why,” Towers called up into the hole. 
Wes was expanding a unit-stats screen and he scrolled through the list quickly. “Mississippi, Mekong, Zambezi, Saladin and the Hermann are all firing. The Styx and the Arjuna are both maneuvering to comply,” he called down to the admiral. “The Achilles is accelerating straight down the enemy’s throat, he must plan on forcing them to fire.”
“Fire control, if we change our angle, can we get more Vulcans working?” Towers asked urgently. 
“Six more guns sir,” came the quick reply, “but we would lose some of the aft 105mm guns.”
“Do it,” he snapped. “We can put out a better screen with those six Vulcans in action.”
With nothing to do, Mike pulled up a visual of the attack. The Achilles was slowly gaining steam as she closed on Zulu Alpha Three, spitting a hail of metal in front of her. It was becoming obvious that the only way for the enemy to stop her was to fire her rail gun. Their maneuverability would not be enough to get them out of the way at such close range. The entire region of shielding in front of the enemy bow was orange with impacts and the area in front of the gun was red from the concentrated fire.
“They have to fire now or deal with the impact.” Wes was leaning over to look at Mike’s screen, his white-knuckled hands gripping the armrests. “He’s going to have to time it right, and he’s going to need a hell of a lot of luck to get out of this.”
Wes was proven right as soon as he had spoken. The orange aura at the bow disappeared as the shield dropped and the bow started to take damage. There was a brilliant plume of exhaust plasma similar to before but an even brighter flash occurred at the bow of the enemy ship. The Achilles continued in one piece but her entire front half was shrouded in plasma and debris for a few heartbeats. 
The enemy shield came back up, trapping much of the explosion inside. The entire forward third of the ship lost its hull plating and the bow of the ship forced its way out through the shield in several directions as it was split down the middle. The shielding was either too weak to deal with the intrusion or its generator had been destroyed by the contained force and it went down for good. 
“Fleet wide,” Towers bellowed. “All ships cease fire. The Achilles is danger close. I say again: all ships cease fire.” 
The Achilles continued to drift towards the stricken enemy. “She’s lost her bow thrusters,” Wes yelled down into the CIC. “She can’t avoid collision.” 
Mike watched in horror as Gao’s cruiser ploughed into the mangled enemy ship. Her full armament, including her four 250mm forward guns, continued their silent fire in a desperate attempt to soften the ground before impact. The Achilles buried the first hundred feet of her six-hundred-foot hull into the wreck of the enemy ship. A series of secondary explosions rippled silently through the dorsal surface of the enemy vessel before she finally settled into sullen quiescence. Vented gas and drifting debris surrounded the two hulks like a slow-motion storm.
“Fleet wide,” Towers ordered. “All ships, this is Admiral Towers. Converge on Zulu Alpha One. Concentrate fire on the rail gun muzzle.”
McCutcheon drifted back up into the hole, nodding to Mike. “Good job catching Zulu Alpha One’s approach, Mike.” He grabbed a chair-back to stop himself. “That and the brave souls over on the Achilles kept us from getting wiped out. It’s a damn good thing she was built later than the Hermann or her magazine would have been directly behind the 250’s.” He looked over at Sgt. Davis. “Wes, lend me your screen for a minute.” He touched the screen and opened his own folder, selecting a file. “I was trying to collate some data from the boarding parties and I want you to take a look.” 
A screen opened showing an isometric drawing of the enemy ship. The surfaces were transparent. Davis leaned in, dragging a part of the image to enlarge it. “Shield generator?” He looked back at the colonel. “This is nowhere close to the impact or even the secondaries that we saw. Could explain why it’s still up.” 
He squinted at the screen. “There’s something worth looking at.” He turned to Mike. “Can you replay the ten seconds leading up to the failure of their shields?”
Mike brought it up. They watched as the massive sections were forced through the shield. “Stop right there.” Wes reached over and zoomed in on an area near where the bow used to be. One small beam was sticking through the shield which showed as a yellowish haze for a few feet around it.
Wes leaned back and looked at the two men. “I think we can penetrate those shields if we apply a slow steady force.” His face showed his excitement. “Artillery comes in too fast, but I bet a shuttle could gently push through just the way this debris did.”
“And if we can squeeze a shuttle inside…” the colonel ventured with a wolfish smile.
“Then we can take them out without losing another cruiser,” Wes finished.
“Our last cruiser,” Mike amended as he fished out a bag of cold coffee. “We’re down to 34% combat effective.”
 
 Emergency Shelter
Tharsis Region, Mars
March 12th, 2028
“Please tell me that wasn’t one of ours,” Gus breathed as he watched the brilliant flash begin to dissipate in the sky above. “Something big just happened folks. Hopefully it’s in our favor.”
“Gus, you have another hour before the radiation levels start coming back up again,” Jennifer warned. “Morning is on its way.” Without a planet wide magnetosphere  or even much of an atmosphere, solar radiation on the day side was several times the exposure in Earth orbit. It could spike to dangerous levels without warning.
“I think everyone in there should start to suit up,” Gus replied, still staring up at the sky but seeing nothing. “There’s no telling what the plan might be. We might see a rescue operation at any moment and they may not have a lot of time to sit around and wait for us to pack.” He felt a shiver run up his spine. He’d been a fighter pilot before becoming an astronaut and mission commander. He had been nervous when first learning about the responsibilities that would face him at Vinland Station. 
It was one thing to be responsible for a multi-million-dollar aircraft, it was quite another to find himself appointed as a military governor, responsible for the safety and conduct of civilian colonists. Their time in hiding had stretched everyone to their limits. The shelter had more room per person than they were accustomed to but they had no work to keep them occupied. Their surveys of the region couldn’t proceed with hostile patrols searching for them.
He still felt as though he were constantly being tested, keeping the unbalanced team together. More than half of the colonists had been killed or taken away during the initial attack and the remaining group no longer had the carefully-designed balance that it had started out with. The sooner he could get these people off the planet and hand them over, the better.
 
UNS Ares
Mars Orbit
March 12th, 2028
“Looks like she’s coming straight for us and I’m reading a full charge on her main armament.” Wes leaned over in his seat to call down into the CIC. “They don’t seem to see the shuttles as a threat.”
The three shuttles, approaching from both flanks as well as the dorsal surface of the enemy, were almost there. An orange glow showed at their bows as they began to push against the shield. Mike drew a zoom window around the bow of one of the shuttles and watched intently. “No penetration yet and the fleet is almost too close,” he announced.
“Powering up to thirty percent.” The young operator at shuttle control sounded far too dispassionate about the situation. Hundreds, perhaps thousands, of lives depended on the next few minutes and, given the enemy’s current course, the Ares would be the first victim of failure.
How do you teach that? Mike wondered. How do you train someone to disassociate himself from the threat of imminent death? He leaned forward, an ancient reflex that made the image in front of him no clearer. “Wes, do you see that?” he asked in a low voice, as though speaking aloud would somehow reverse what was happening.
“The shuttles are pushing through,” Wes answered in the same quiet voice. “The shuttles are pushing through,” he called down into the CIC, breaking the spell, but the shuttles still continued in their progress through the shield. The orange glow closed behind the first one and then faded to nothing.
“Nothing happened,” Mike exclaimed in shock. 
Wes shook his head as he stared at his screen. “As long as one of the shuttles is still passing through the shield, we have an open link with all three.” He rotated his view, picking up a new angle from the Arjuna’s sensor feed. “The last one is almost there, so we…”
His sentence never reached completion. As the shield closed around the stern of the last shuttle, the signal from the Ares was lost. No longer receiving the command to hold their firing circuits open, the five W87 thermonuclear warheads in each shuttle fired their detonators, each touching off a 475-kiloton explosion. It was a brutally elegant solution, using the shield to initiate the blasts as well as contain it against the enemy hull. 
Mike watched in fascinated horror as more than seven megatons of explosive power completely obscured any view of the ship within the wedge of destruction. Within a few heartbeats, the blast was set free and expanded quickly towards them. Though he knew they had ample protection from radiation due to the ship’s exterior carbon hydrogen matrix, Mike flinched as the shock wave rushed towards him.
Everyone lurched forward in their seat as the wave struck. Below, an unfortunate crewman drifted into view and crashed into the back of the navigator’s seat. The screens faded to a fine gray static. The ship shuddered as the shock wave moved past and then it grew still. The screens slowly flickered back to life. 
At first, Mike thought the sensors were still down but he could make out the night-side curve of the planet on the right edge of the screen. “There’s nothing left,” he said, stunned. “Not even debris.”
“They rely more on their shields,” Wes said quietly. “Remember the damage they took when they fired earlier; their hulls are just there to hold the atmosphere in and keep the crew from falling out.” He nodded at the screen. “Their shields are strong, too,” he shook his head. “They held in seven megatons right up until the shield generator was turned to vapor.”
“The fleet has reported in, sir,” the operations officer announced. “No serious damage from the nukes. All report ready for phase two.”
“Very well,” Towers acknowledged with relief. “Gentlemen,” he announced to the room in general, “we have achieved orbital superiority.” The tension finally broke as the bridge crew cheered themselves hoarse. 
Wes slapped Mike on the back. “Looks like we might just get home in one piece after all!”
“My mortgage company will be so glad to hear it,” Mike answered with a grin.
Tower’s voice reminded them that they still had work to do. “Ops, line ‘em up. McCutcheon, start passing out ground targets.”
The colonel came up into the hole. “Mike, release the ORBAT file for team access.” When it was updated, he turned to Sgt Davis. ”Wes, run the target allocation macro and send it out.” The targets had been identified during the flight to Mars. Combat installations such as troop barracks, armored vehicle parks and aircraft landing zones were considered priority targets. The macro would assess the combat capabilities of the fleet from the ORBAT file and assign a list of targets to each remaining ship.
“Macro is on its way.” Wes leaned back in his seat as he watched the planet come into view on his screen. “How many crew do you figure were on that thing?”
“It probably had as many people aboard as this ship does,” McCutcheon answered firmly. “And don’t ever lose sight of that, Wes. They were waiting for a chance to use that rail gun on us and your idea saved a lot of our people, myself included.”
“Operations,” Towers called across the CIC. “Start the recall. I want every available pair of boots brought back from the captured ships and organized for planetary deployment. I want them ready to fight before the enemy realizes we own the sky.”
The rumble of mixed gunfire began anew. It seemed less urgent to Mike, now that there was no danger of incoming rounds. The heavy artillery was silent. Only the 105mm guns and the 30mm Vulcans had the specially coated ‘carbon carbon’ tungsten ammunition. A carbon-fiber-reinforced carbon shell coated each round, giving it the ability to survive the heat of its high-speed passage through the atmosphere. Each round took over four minutes to reach the target but struck with incredible force.
Mike opened a new set of menus on his screen. The landing sites had already been selected by operations officers based on a terrain analysis that Mike had prepared. Now, he had to fine-tune that analysis to include the waypoints that the infantry would use when they hit the ground. Without those waypoints, the infantry would choose their own path and, though they would be able to make progress on foot, their small, wheeled logistical vehicles might not be able to follow. 
They could easily get bogged down in the wrong soil type or simply not have enough room between the boulders of the rocky terrain. Without those vehicles, it would be extremely difficult to resupply the troops or evacuate their wounded and the advance, coordinated to employ speed and aggression, would grind to a halt. It was important to ensure the various avenues of approach allowed for logistical support and that was Mike’s main reason for being on this ship.
 
~*~
 
Märti unlatched his harness and stood up in the back of the Osprey as the overhead light went green. He reached up just in time to avoid crashing into an overhead tray that carried cables and wiring along the upper part of the payload compartment. He had grown quickly accustomed to the gravity of the enemy ship and had forgotten that there would be none back on the hangar deck of the Ares.
A chorus of angry curses in three languages proved that many of his men were also caught off guard. Though they operated in English, they still tended to react in whatever language they spoke at home. He heard one of the men retching inside of his helmet. Probably ‘Von’ Gunten, he thought. The young man had not earned points with his conscript class by remarking that someone of his pedigree should be an officer rather than a grunt. 
Gunten (the family had formally given up the Von with the abolition of the nobility in 1919) had most likely been joking about his status but the men had saddled him with the honorific since that day. They had also taken endless amusement at his long adjustment to zero G. The first few weeks after leaving Earth had been hell for him and Märti suspected that a few hours fighting in regular gravity had set the young private’s stomach back to square one. 
Märti  moved out the open rear hatch and, after a moment to orient himself, pushed away from the deck towards the open hatch, fifty feet above that lead to one of the main companionways. The closest hatches led to the huge dormitories. No wonder that plague spread so fast among the troops, Märti thought as he led his men into the vast chamber. It was a huge room, two hundred feet square and twenty feet wide. Each side of the room held a honeycomb of small cubicles. 
Three feet square by seven feet deep, each cubicle gave a soldier room to store his gear, a day’s worth of ammunition in the event the magazine was hit and a place to sleep. There were just over eight thousand spaces in this room and there were two other dormitories like it on the ship. Each room was a giant plague incubator.
“Rearm, recharge your tanks and make sure you take your pills,” Märti advised his men using the battalion channel. The pills were mostly prescription strength antacids. A large number of his men had experienced severe reflux once leaving the gravity of Earth. “We need to be back on board our lander in twenty minutes.”
He reached his compartment and unlocked the hatch, swinging it up and into the upper part of his small space. He grabbed a fresh magazine – he hadn’t done much firing – and plugged his high density tank umbilical into the air supply panel that sat near the door of each cubicle. Märti was impressed that the designers had come up with the arrangement. Rather than thousands of men lining up to rearm and recharge their tanks, they only had to return to their individual cubicles where they could quickly prepare to return to the fight.
Their bunks were among the closest to the hangar deck hatch and it was now proving to be a problem. “Sohn vonere huere,” an unidentified voice erupted angrily. “Some tubel has taken most of my ammunition and left his damned empties behind.” A chorus of angry shouts flooded the battalion net as others discovered similar liberties taken with their own supplies.
Siech, Märti fumed. They didn’t have time to go to the magazine. He fell back on the time-honored code of the soldier: if someone steals your kit, steal someone else’s. “Those who are missing ammunition, find a cubicle that still has some and take it.” He heard a few dark chuckles over the net. “I will be checking that each man has a full load before he gets on the lander so open your magazine pouches at the boarding line.”
His tank charged, he floated over to where Sgt Goodpaster and his mortar crew were billeted. The man cranked off a floating salute at his major before grinning. “We have all of our gear and ammunition for the stovepipe, sir.” He looked off into the distance where one of his men was drifting back with six magazines. “Our small arms ammunition is another story.”
 
Mars Surface
6 Kilometers from Olympus Mons Objective
March 12th, 2028
Märti jumped off the back ramp of the modified Osprey. The ride down had been rough compared to the one that had taken them into Earth orbit. Mars’ sporadic electromagnetic activity posed a serious challenge for aircraft that relied on the force to provide lift. He dropped to one knee as he looked around him. His men were already spread out into an all-around defense, dropping their backpacks in front of them for added cover as they scanned the alien horizon for threats.
The Osprey lifted off without disturbing the red Martian dust. One advantage of an electromagnetic engine, I suppose. Märti consulted the terrain-matching map on his wrist display. The small outpost spotted on the way in had already been updated to the map. The staff on the Ares were now working at a feverish pitch, ensuring that data on the enemy was integrated as quickly as possible.
He keyed the battalion net. “Pickets.” Within seconds, two men from each platoon began to work their way out from the circle of men, fanning out from the main body. Each team used their own judgment as to how far they should go. The general principle was to extend the eyes and ears of the unit and so each pair stopped and dug in once they had reached a decent vantage point. 
“Sir,” Lt. Hoffstetter waved from the left flank. “I don’t think that’s Bravo company over there.” He indicated a small unit that sat in a similar circle two hundred meters in front of his platoon. One of them was jogging over to the Swiss unit in a faster version of the famous moon walk. The gravity here was more than double that of the moon. 
The man stopped at the perimeter and Leuzinger stepped out to talk, holding his visor to the visitor’s while they arranged a channel change. “Battalion command channel, sir,” Leuzinger waved the man through and returned his attention to his sector of the perimeter. Märti approved. If those men were here because of a screw-up, it was better for morale if the men didn’t hear the discussion.
The man had a camouflage pattern of red and orange squares and an American flag on his shoulder embroidered in the same colors as his uniform. A rank badge on his chest showed three upside down chevrons with two rockers underneath. A pair of crossed rifles in the center gave the final clue as to what branch of service this man belonged to. 
“Gunnery Sergeant Simpson?” He read the name on the man’s chest as he came to a stop. “One of us is in the wrong place.”
 “That would be us, Major,” Simpson answered dryly. “They must have put the rest of our company twenty clicks south with the rest of 12 MEF. I’ve got six fire teams with me and our personal gear but no mortars or heavy weapons.”
Märti considered that for a moment. He had no time to straighten this out and he could definitely use these men. “Our battalion reserve company is really nothing more than a slightly augmented platoon,” he began, indicating his men with a wave. “You and your men will make a welcome addition to our force.”
“Will, sir?” Simpson grinned at the foregone conclusion. “Well, Major, I suppose it is your prerogative under the circumstances and my boys are anxious to get to work.” He looked around at the Swiss troops. “Your men look sharp enough but you don’t seem to have much more than assault rifles and light anti-tank rockets.” He looked back at Märti with obvious pride. “Meaning no disrespect, Major, but my two squads probably carry double the firepower of this platoon, and we consider ourselves under-armed.”
“You can see why I’m not sorry to find you stranded out here. Our objective is the mine and with the plague, forces on the ground are pretty thin. We’re the only troops allocated for this objective.” Märti paused in thought for a moment before he brought up the next topic. “Gunnery Sergeant, I’m aware that Marine NCO’s are accustomed to more responsibility than their counterparts in other branches of service,” he began.
“Typically, sir.” Simpson’s reply was guarded.
“Well, now that our reserve is closer to company strength, I’ll have you take charge of our two sergeants and the men, as well as advising the officers.” Märti knew enough about the marines to realize that this man was a valuable asset. Using him in a lesser role than the one to which he was accustomed would be a foolish waste. 
He wasn’t sorry to see the added firepower either. He knew the marines would be carrying a few of the updated M249 belt-fed machine guns as well as the newer magazine-fed M27 automatic rifles. Six fire teams also meant that at least six of the rifles would be equipped with M203 grenade launchers mounted under the barrels of their assault rifles.
“Thank you, sir,” Simpson nodded. “I’ll shift my guys over to your battalion net.” He used his wrist pad to change over to the channel that he had been using and spoke for only a few seconds before switching back to the command net. “I’ve let them know what’s going on, sir. They’re all on your battalion net now.”
Märti looked down and saw that his battalion strength had gone up by 25 new signals. “Welcome to Operation Gold Tooth.” He held out his hand.
“Gold Tooth?” Simpson shook his head as well as the major’s hand. “Who the hell comes up with these names?”
“You know the old saying, if you lock a hundred monkeys in a room with a hundred typewriters, sooner or later one of them will start coming up with mission names.” He shrugged at the marine. 
“More likely you get a room full of dead monkeys and crap all over the walls.” Simpson grinned. “Sounds like standard mission planning to me. By the way, Major, it’s a discretionary thing but you might prefer to refer to me as Gunny. My full rank takes to long too say when we’re under fire.”
 Märti  nodded. “All right, Gunny, let’s switch over to battalion and let the rest know that you’re joining us,” he said and the two men changed their active channels. “This is Major Bohren; we’ve joined forces with six fire teams from the 12th Marine Expeditionary Force under Gunnery Sergeant Simpson. They will be joining our battalion reserve company and Gunnery Sergeant Simpson will act as lead NCO for the company.”
He looked down at his display, both of his forward companies showed ready. “Alpha and Bravo Companies, move out. Charlie Company, keep pace as action dictates.” Captains Merkel and Ramser acknowledged his order followed by Lieutenant Leuzinger who was assigned the reserve company. Märti would be too busy to personally command the reserve and he now had a highly experienced NCO to leaven the young lieutenant’s lack of combat experience.
It was rough going. They were close to Olympus Mons. At 22 kilometers in height, it was the largest volcano in the entire solar system and the jagged rock sat in massive piles and ridges as far as the eye could see. In many cases, that meant no more than a few hundred feet from one crest to the next, with a jumbled, stony valley between. They had not bothered to bring logistical vehicles as the terrain was simply too rough for anything that didn’t walk or fly.
They moved by sections. One section would take up positions among the boulders of a hill crest, ready to provide covering fire. The other two sections of the platoon would then move forward across the stony valley to the next crest, taking up new firing positions. 
The rearward section would then move forward past the covering positions and down into the next valley, followed by one of the sections from the crest, always leaving one section of ten men ready to provide fire as they leapfrogged their way forward.
The companies moved in similar fashion but on a larger scale. Eventually, based on the terrain or the need to provide relief to forward platoons, one of the two forward platoons would stop and the reserve platoon would move up and take the lead. The halted platoon would then bring up the rear as the new reserve. 
After a few hours of this, Marti began assessing the terrain with an eye towards setting up the first battalion command post. Though the unit was making decent progress, the men would need a place to recharge their air supplies. They would need food as well, not to mention a way to heed the call of nature. Though the suits were designed to handle liquid waste, no human engineer had yet devised a way to allow a soldier to void his bowels while in a pressure suit.
At least, not an acceptable way…
He had just settled on a location, deep in a hidden nook of a seventy-foot-deep valley, when one of the forward units called in a contact. “Sir, this is Merkel. We found the wreckage of an Osprey up here, passing it up to the coordination team as Foxtrot Four Alpha One. I have a squad down there right now checking it out.” 
Märti left the reserve company behind and moved forward with his two-man security detail, stopping just below the top of a crest to paint his CP location with the laser under his rifle barrel. In orbit, a sensor array on the Ares identified the reflection from his laser and added a modular shelter unit onto the Osprey flight schedule.
He set Alpha Company’s network to half volume and overlaid it with the battalion net. He could hear the chatter between the investigating squad and their company commander as he moved forward. The downed Osprey had been carrying marines.  
Despite the lower gravity, the climb up to where Merkel kneeled between the boulders left Märti slightly out of breath. They had spent months in zero gravity so the low gravity of this planet wasn’t as much of a treat as they had expected. Just as he was kneeling next to Merkel, a single shot rang out followed closely by a flurry of gunfire and half volume yelling on the Alpha Company net.
“Tactically naïve my arsche!” Merkel grumbled. “They have the sense to use this as an ambush, don’t they?” A soldier ten feet away from them had raised up to a firing position and was almost instantly thrown back, shot in the head. “Get your heads down,” he roared. “Goodpaster, get your mortars set up and start hammering that ridgeline, proximity burst, parallel sheaf.” 
Märti had only taken a quick look before the shooting started but he knew that he ridge from which the enemy was firing curved around to join the one that he and the men of Alpha Company were on. If he could get his reserve to move in on the Human left, they could cross over onto the reverse slope of the enemy-held ridge and work their way through the enemy’s right flank. 
“Hold them here,” he told Merkel over the battalion net. He dropped back from the ridge and made his way over to the left, bringing up his rifle to paint a spot further down the canyon. “Leuzinger, bring the reserve forward on our left flank to the rally point I just designated. I want you to roll up the enemy’s right while Alpha holds them in place.”
He knew that doctrine called for the reserve platoon of Alpha to carry out this maneuver but they still didn’t know what sort of enemy they were dealing with yet. He decided to use the firepower of the reserve company. Until he knew what kind of fighters they were up against, he would opt for the heaviest force that he could bring to bear.
Leuzinger and his men poured over the ridge behind Alpha’s leading platoons and moved to the spot where Märti’s laser had painted a rally point into the fleet-wide network. He saw with satisfaction that the young lieutenant was taking the time for a quick consultation with Simpson. They quickly shook the men into three groups, each composed of two marine fire teams and a squad of Swiss infantry. 
The first such team took up positions among the boulders of the ridge before waving the next team on, passing to the left.  After a few moments, the first team relayed the signal from the second and the third team moved past the positions of the first team. 
Märti suddenly realized that the dull thumping noise was the sound of mortars firing on the enemy. Even on Earth, they had a more muted sound than heavy artillery but, here on Mars, the thin atmosphere made them barely audible. He hoped the air bursts would keep the enemy’s heads down until the flanking attack reached them.
“Mortars, shift right fifty meters, add ten meters, concentrated sheaf.” Simpson’s terse voice called over the battalion net. As soon as the mortar teams confirmed the order, Märti heard gunfire, louder through the radio than the air. 
With every man connected by the various radio network layers, standard voice procedure went out the window as every man spoke the way he would when fighting in a regular atmosphere. The current attack was being coordinated on the battalion net but the men of the three hastily-formed assault teams kept it on half volume and set their main circuit to proximity mode to reduce distractions.
 “Mortars, cease fire. I say again, all mortars cease fire,” Leuzinger ordered as he led his men on the final push.
Märti  looked down at the screen on the inside of his wrist in surprise. Within ten minutes the enemy threat had been cleared but it had seemed to take an hour. He joined Leuzinger and Simpson as they herded four enemy prisoners into the valley where the downed Osprey lay.
What they found wasn’t good for morale.
The aircraft had been carrying marines and Simpson had identified them as belonging to his old company. Twenty-eight men lay in a line beside the wreckage. Merkel was there organizing the removal of his own dead men. Five men from the ten-man squad had been hit by the opening volley and two of them hadn’t been able to use their pressure dressings in time to stay alive. The thin Martian atmosphere, only one percent of what Earth possessed, allowed all the air in a suit to vent very quickly when it was punctured.
In the few minutes it had taken to clear the enemy threat, the two men had died a horrible death in the nearly non-existent atmosphere. The downed marines had suffered similar, though more malevolent, fates.
“Little bastards cut their suits.” Merkel nodded over to the line of dead men by the Osprey. “Lined them up and slit their neck seals, one at a time.”
 Simpson and his Marines had gathered around their fallen comrades. If they were talking, they must have been using their own net because Märti didn’t hear a single word from them. Finally, one of them came over to where the prisoners were standing in a row. He poked the first prisoner in the chest with his weapon. “This one has the most markings on his suit,” he mused, sounding like he was picking a melon at the grocery store. His casual, almost lyrical drawl seemed to have a slight French flavor. “He must be the leader of these murdering little bastards.” 
Märti felt a cold certainty that the killing was not over.
Simpson, hearing the man, turned in surprise but he was too late.
The man stepped to the right and kicked the second alien in the chest, knocking him to the ground. He placed a boot on its chest and fired a short burst into the creature’s torso before stepping back to look at the enemy officer. “That’s on your head, big man,” he called as Simpson dragged him back and took his rifle. “We all are nothin’ but dead men,” the soldier declared. “Just a question of timing is all…”
And so it grows. Märti watched the alien officer, trying to read the expression on his face. Insults and atrocities by both sides will escalate until we commit to total war. When the public on Earth hear of incidents like this, they’ll demand that we build another fleet. One that can reach the enemy’s home world and damn the impact on our economy. This will end with one civilization crushing the other. Even if they managed to defeat this invasion force, he had his doubts about fighting the enemy on their own soil. 
He looked down at his screen. The command post was being loaded. He reset his laser sight menu and painted the ground at his feet. He checked his display; the CP would now drop in this little valley. His medics would be able to work on the wounded men without having to drag them back over the last two ridges. 
He turned the battalion net on. “CP will drop on this location. All units consolidate your defenses. We'll do a tank charge and hot meals before pushing on.” He saw Leuzinger standing next to him and switched to proximity mode.  “Leuzinger,” he said quietly. “Get those bodies covered, do it respectfully.” He headed towards Simpson. We should arrange to send the dead and wounded back on the same bird that brings the CP.
 
Mars Surface
4 Kilometers from Olympus Mons Objective
March 12th, 2028
“Contact, thirty plus enemy in sand bag revetments,” Captain Ramser’s voice crackled in Märti’s ear, low and urgent. “I lost five men when they opened up.”
 Märti understood the deeper meaning of Ramser’s statement; one that he couldn’t say out loud with the men listening. The enemy was at platoon strength, dug in and waiting for the Swiss and yet they had opened fire on the first men to come into sight. Experienced troops would have let them come closer, drawing more men into the trap before revealing their presence.
The major checked his wrist, the fleet had some Vulcans available and he had no desire to send his men against an enemy position in the dark. “Paint it, Captain.” He activated a fire mission request and, when Ramser’s target came up on his display, linked the mission to the new coordinates. Within seconds, the link went green and a timer started to countdown.
So much had changed in the months leading up to the launch. A year ago, a fire mission would have been organized in the usual way. An eight-figure grid reference would be determined, a compass reading would have been useless on this planet and so the fire mission would have been communicated by radio to the fleet, giving the particulars.
Now, with the new data integration system, units in contact with the enemy could use their weapon-mounted lasers to ‘paint’ targets. The reflection bounced off the enemy position to be picked up by the sensor array on the flagship. Data encoded in the laser carried whatever information the sender entered on a small rugged touch pad that was strapped between the wrist and elbow. An intelligence operator would integrate the information and release it for general use.
All Märti needed to do in order to initiate a fire mission was to select the new node when it appeared on his map and drag a line from it to the appropriate line on the artillery menu. He had a choice of 105mm or 30 mm. He chose the 30 mm Vulcans for their higher muzzle velocity. At 3,450 feet per second, the Vulcan rounds left the barrel at more than twice the speed of the larger 105mm rounds. That cut their wait time to a respectable four and a half minutes and each Vulcan fired six hundred times more rounds per minute than their larger cousins. For enemy troops behind sandbags, the Vulcan would do nicely.
“We’re working our way through the lateral canyon on our right flank with two platoons,” Ramser informed his major. “Once the bombardment lets up, we’ll roll through them and clear the site.” The canyon would keep them out of sight of any night-vision devices that the enemy might have. Ramser would hit them when they were still reeling from the orbital bombardment.
The rounds came as a shock to Märti. The night sky was suddenly filled with sound as though a thousand giant linen sheets were being torn slowly in half. The sheer volume of noise was causing the tissues of his body to vibrate. Brilliant streaks of fire lanced down to pulverize the enemy position in short bursts. Almost a quarter of the Vulcans in the fleet were taking it in turns to fire on the target for a few seconds at a time. The bombardment had its own rumbling pulse, like a living thing, and Märti could only imagine the effects on Ramser’s men as they waited, just a few dozen meters outside of the kill zone.
He looked down at his screen. “Last outgoing rounds are on their way,” he advised. Abruptly, the sound and fury ceased and Märti could hear Ramser shouting for his men to move. Amazingly, some of the enemy had survived and a brief firefight ensued. Märti poked his head out from behind the peak of a small rocky hill and engaged his thermal vision. The enemy position was a horror of warm body parts but there were still at least five or six still alive and trying to fight. They appeared to have difficulty staying on their feet. If they don’t have inner ear damage after that bombardment, I’d be amazed, thought Märti.  
Ramser’s men were firing on them from cover until one of them got a grenade into the enemy position. As soon as the flash went off, several of the attacking units on the right flank pressed forward, their comrades cutting their fire as the leading troops reached what was left of the sandbags. They moved quickly, one man advancing while his partner remained stationary to provide cover fire. They leapfrogged their way through the enemy strongpoint, firing on the occasional enemy, and set up a semicircular defense beyond the site.
It was quick and professional; leaving four more of Ramser’s men dead. Even with the best of training and good equipment, Märti knew he would lose men but it didn’t make it any easier when Ramser called him on the battalion command circuit. “Four more men bought it,” he said without emotion. “And Wager caught one in the leg. He’s patched up and can hold out here until the next cas-evac. ” If it was tough for Märti, it was worse for Ramser and even more so for the leaders under him. but they had to keep the men moving.
Märti was just forming the orders to get the lead companies moving when the air was torn apart one more time. This time the sound was deeper and the single line of fire streaked more slowly towards the ground but it was still deceptively fast. Before anyone could react, a 105mm high explosive round punched into the captured enemy position, detonating several feet under the ground. Some errant bit of code must have been lurking in the fire control systems up in orbit, waiting for its moment to surface and tag a random round of ammunition onto an existing fire mission.
Wager, laying on his back, survived the initial blast with concussion and a missing toe. The two medics kneeling by his side had been nearly obliterated and so he died without regaining consciousness; his tissues boiling in the thin atmosphere until his brain shut down from lack of oxygen. Captain Ramser, kneeling over the body of his dead soldiers had been killed by one tiny fragment of tungsten that had hit him in the side of the head.  
Märti stabbed at the fire mission on his screen’s fire support menu and opened a channel. “Cease fire, you sohn vonere huere,” he shouted. “I have men on that target.” Switching back to Battalion he ordered the men of Alpha company to move forward a hundred meters just in case any more surprises were currently falling through the atmosphere towards them. That was when he learned of Ramser’s death.
“The Captain’s dead, sir,” Lieutenant Tritten replied when Märti began issuing orders directly to Ramser. “Hit by shrapnel.” 
The major was stunned by the news but it was the kind of scenario he knew he might have to face. Stager is the most senior and he’s a good platoon leader. He thought. That leaves Sgt. Dreher in charge of his old platoon. He shook his head. Hating the enemy doesn’t disqualify a man for leadership, as long as he keeps his emotions in check and concentrates on the job.  “Stager, take over Alpha Company. Dreher, you’ll lead the platoon.”
“Warning, Golf Tango Two Five!” an automated voice blared in Märti’s helmet. “Forward element is danger close!” Märti ordered Stager to move his men further out but no further rounds fell. He suddenly understood and he glared up at the night sky in impotent rage. The warning had come four minutes after the impact, delayed by yet another errant bit of code in the system that had probably calculated the transit time of the extra round. 
Why did screw-ups have such a consistent tendency to multiply themselves?  
Emergency shelter
Tharsis Region, Mars
March 12th, 2028
Gus lay in the dark. He was on his stomach to one side of the tunnel floor, fifteen feet from the entrance. The shelter was another twenty feet behind him. He held his 9mm automatic out, aiming at the right side of the tunnel mouth where he expected their visitors to appear. He had been changing the battery on his camera when he’d heard the whine of an aircraft passing overhead. He backed into the opening with the camera and tripod, dumping them near the shelter door before picking a spot for his last stand.
Now he could hear the engines coming closer and a red light shone on the tunnel opening, the angle leveling with the ground as the vehicle landed. Shadows rippled through the light as troops approached the entrance. Gus aimed along the sights of his pistol, forcing himself to stay calm. If this was a rescue, he didn’t want to spoil it by shooting at friendly troops. Despite his resolve, he nearly fired as the first form flitted past the tunnel entrance to take cover on the far side. His finger, already attached to a nervous man, was hovering over an unguarded trigger.
It was only as his mind replayed the scene that he realized how big the shadowed form had been. He realized, with a thrill, that the man had been carrying what appeared to be a C7 assault rifle. He lowered the hammer on his pistol and put the safety on before holstering it and raising to his knees and placing his hands behind his head. 
He didn’t want to run the risk of getting shot by the soldiers who had come to take them home.
The soldiers, wearing thermal optics, spotted Gus easily and they moved into the tunnel. One of them took his pistol and they moved to the shelter airlock. In less than a minute, they had equalized the pressure and Gus stepped into the main room flanked by two men, one of them carrying a large duffel bag. The colonists had come into the room and, seeing their rescuers, pressed forward, some cheering, some crying but all happy at the promise that the two men represented.
They removed their helmets. “All right everyone?” the man with Kennedy on his chest said with a wide grin. “Your ride is here, so let’s get sorted. We still have some nasties bouncing around out there so we need to kit up and get moving.”
He had been searching the back of the small crowd as he spoke. He found what he had been looking for and his eyes lit up. He stepped through the crowd, crossing the room where he knelt. “What’s your name, little one?” 
The little girl, not quite two years old, turned her head and hid her face against her mother’s leg. “Her name’s Carol Grayson.”  The woman wiped tears from her eyes. “I’m sorry, it’s just hard to believe that you’re here, that she’s going to have a normal life.” She knelt and comforted the little girl who was frightened by the first strangers she had ever seen.
“Carol, Sergeant Rai has something for you; would you like to see?” Kennedy spoke in a gentle voice and the little girl looked out from her mother’s arms with big brown solemn eyes. After a moment, she nodded and Kennedy waved Rai over. 
Little Carol looked up as the sergeant came over and couldn’t help but return the smile. Rai carried a wicked looking curved knife in a scabbard at his waist and he looked like a man who had made regular use of it, but he possessed a natural confidence with children that Carol responded to immediately.  She was starting to think that visitors were a wonderful thing.
“What do we have here?” he asked in a playful voice as he rummaged through the bag. “A new suit, made just for you!” he declared theatrically, pulling out a tiny EVA suit, complete with the name Grayson and a little camouflaged American flag on the shoulder.
The little girl squealed with delight. “Go outside!” she shouted, jumping up and down on her tiny little legs. 
 
Mars Surface
500 meters from Olympus Mons Objective
March 13th, 2028
“Well, Major,” Simpson began, lowering the binoculars. “I’d say you have it figured out just fine.” He slithered back down the slope into a shallow depression just behind the crest, turning around to lean against the loose dirt next to the major. He’d been looking at the defenses around the mine entrance, the main objective of Operation Gold Tooth. There were four bunkers surrounding the entrance, two flanking the approach road and two more farther up the forty-degree slope. “The bunkers have overlapping fields of fire but not by much. Those bastards in orbit will only give us six rounds of high explosive?”
Märti nodded, a reaction that was lost because the two men weren’t facing each other; Simson wasn’t looking through the major’s visor. “They say they’re running low and need to prioritize the fire support on Candy Store.” The fight to seize the main compound.
By way of an opinion, Simpson deployed a curt, reproductive word. “Monkeys and typewriters,” he added scornfully. “If that’s the case, then my recommendation would be to follow the plan that you already came up with. No sense gumming up the works with some kind of fancy over-complicated crap. Drop everything on the bunker that’s facing us and get inside. Then we can split up and fight our way through the remaining three bunkers. I didn’t see any tracks between them so I’ll bet you a month’s pay they have tunnels.”
“Tunnels?”
“Sir, have you ever seen a defensive position where the strongpoints couldn’t communicate?” the NCO asked bluntly. “Even the tactical morons that we’ve been fighting should know enough to realize that they may need to move men or ammunition without traipsing across open ground during a firefight.” It was a dubious point; earlier that morning they had wiped out an enemy foot patrol that had been trudging along the crest of a high ridge, easily visible against the sky. The enemy was entirely unpredictable: they might set up a decent ambush or they might just as easily walk into one.
Märti had been feeling a growing sense of unease. Their enemy had certainly shown little in the way of tactical expertise but their equipment was good, if somewhat unimaginative. If they had been preparing a force to invade Earth, then there had to be some half decent troops somewhere, didn’t there?  Perhaps they’re all down at Candy Store, Märti thought. Maybe they were relying on destroying our cities and infrastructure first, he thought as approaching shadows brought his gaze up. If that’s the case, it’s a good thing we’re fighting them here. 
Merkel, Leuzinger and Stager arrived, dropping down opposite Märti and Simpson in the small hollow. The major launched right into the briefing. “We have six rounds of HE.” He noted the indignant looks but didn’t waste time discussing the quality of fire support. “As soon as the first round hits, Alpha and Bravo will lead us up and hold at twenty meters; move fast and stay close to the bunker axis so their neighbors don’t see you coming. Leuzinger, I want you and Gunny Simpson to take the attack into the bunker system. We don’t know for sure how they communicate, but there’s a good chance they may have tunnels linking the bunkers.”
Märti looked down at his screen. “Any questions?” He looked at the officers in front of him. Merkel looked tired but ready, Stager had a nervous frown on his face and Leuzinger was close to exhaustion but his eyes burned with eagerness. The young officer had always shown a great deal of potential but the incident in Paris had come to weigh heavily on his shoulders. The last few hours of constant interaction with Simpson had gone a long way to restoring his effectiveness. 
Märti had originally placed Leuzinger in the reserve to keep him out of the way but he now had no qualms about letting him lead a dangerous assault. He saw questions, unasked, on Stager’s face. He remembered the fear and self-doubt that he had felt taking over a company in peacetime. In combat, it had to be much worse. “Thank you, gentlemen; the ordinance will hit in five minutes. The six rounds will hit in thirty second intervals. Be sure to keep count.”  He stood, ending the briefing. 
“Stager,” he called the man back as he was turning to leave with the others. When Leuzinger and Merkel were out of proximity range, Märti looked him in the eye. “It’s not easy, stepping into Captain Ramser’s shoes,” he said mildly. “Just remember that the platoon leaders will look after their men. Your job is to turn my orders into their orders.” 
He gazed quietly at the man for a moment. “When in doubt, go ahead and make a decision.” He turned and started down the hill with the new company commander. “The worst decision is the one you don’t even make. Even a bad choice is usually better than none at all so don’t spend too much time agonizing or the enemy will start calling the shots for you.”
They reached the bottom of the hill and Stager turned to the major. His face was calmer but still troubled. “Thank you, sir.” He took a deep breath. “I’d better get back to my men.”
Märti headed for the reserve company. He would approach with them but he would leave Leuzinger to lead the attack on his own. It was hard enough, making life-and-death decisions without having your boss looking over your shoulder. 
He reached them just before the first round struck on the distant bunker. The mad scramble began, crossing the five-hundred-meter field of fire in front of the enemy position. Rather than advancing in wide company frontages, the men streamed uphill in rough columns, threading their way through the boulders and trusting that the first round had penetrated the roof of the enemy bunker. If it hadn’t, then the bunker would be intact and its garrison fully alert.
The second round struck and Märti was shocked at how soon it had come. He took a look at his screen as he bounded along in the low gravity and saw that it had indeed been thirty seconds. He was thinking of the old nightmare that had haunted him as a child. 
A huge mastiff was chasing him, saliva dripping from his massive jaws and Märti was trying to run away, but his strides were alarmingly ineffective. The faster he tried to run, the slower he seemed to move, and the huge dog was always on the verge of closing his teeth around his ankle when he would awake, screaming in the night.
Now, desperately trying to move quickly, he felt that he was barely covering any ground at all as he shambled along in the low gravity. He knew his old fears were getting the better of him. In fact, they were making commendable progress. His fear stemmed from the knowledge that these men were racing against the end of the bombardment. Once it let up, the enemy would reinforce the damaged bunker, and he needed to get there first so it would be his men moving through the tunnels rather than theirs.
The third round hit and Märti was starting to breathe more heavily. His breath was starting to show as a light fringe of fog around his visor and a powerful thirst was starting to make itself felt. He took a quick sip from a straw mounted in front of his face and stumbled on.
The fourth round struck and they were close enough to see the blast of debris sheeting out the narrow horizontal firing slit that ran the length of the bunker’s curved face.  The shock wave alone would kill anyone inside, he thought as they ran. 
The fifth round fell five meters behind the bunker and exploded uselessly. Its guidance fins had probably malfunctioned. It was a minor miracle that it had fallen long rather than short, in the middle of Märti’s troops. If anything, the near miss made Märti feel better about his decision. His first inclination had been to drop one round on each bunker, leaving the extra two for the one to their front. He had decided against it, thanks largely to his mistrust of the artillery crews in orbit. They had already proven their ability to make mistakes by firing an unexpected round on Ramser and his men. Märti had decided to put all six rounds into the one bunker to make sure it was clear. 
The rest would be in the hands of his own men. 
The sixth round hit as the lead companies were setting up positions roughly twenty meters in front, throwing smoke grenades to obscure the view of any surviving enemy. “Go, Leuzinger. Take them in.” Märti waved the reserve company around the right flank of the lead positions as he came to a halt between Stager and Merkel’s companies. He scrupulously kept his distance from both company commanders, wanting to stay out of Merkel’s way and not wanting to interfere in the development of Stager’s new role.
The men of the reserve poured onto the roof where the dropping ordinance had created a convenient entry. Two of the augmented fire teams assumed an all around defense on the roof while the third prepared to enter. Two men stood by the hole. One of the two pulled the pin on a grenade and released the arming lever, ‘cooking’ it for two seconds before dropping it into the hole and unslinging his assault rifle. 
The grenade detonated, sending a shower of fragments out of the hole and the second man was the first to drop into the bunker. As expected, nothing had survived and they must have found tunnels because the rest of the fire team poured down into the hole, followed quickly by the other two teams.
“Stager,” Märti spoke calmly. “Take your company forward and set up an all-around defense based on the destroyed bunker.” He got up and moved forward with them. Moving around to the back, he could see a small trench leading down to a door at the back of the structure. “Merkel, bring your company up and put one platoon at the back of each of the three remaining bunkers. They have hatches at the back so stay sharp. You might get visitors.”
He heard a thump to his left and turned to see a cloud of debris coming out the next bunker’s firing slit. Almost instantly, the sound of automatic weapons fire echoed out through the ruined roof of the bunker where he now stood. Seconds later, a similar thump to the right indicated that a fire team had reached the next bunker in that direction.
 “Number four is bugging out,” Merkel announced. “We see six of them in the open but their suits are compromised - shrapnel from the clearing grenade.” 
Märti looked over to the far corner as several small figures writhed on the ground. With holes in their suits, they would be exposed to the low atmospheric pressure. Even now, water in their skin would be turning to vapor, rupturing cell membranes and destroying tissues. Their lungs would be expanding as the alveoli filled with expanding gas and their eyeballs would be on the point of bursting. It was a terrible way to die. Just like the marines from the downed Osprey.
And the men of Merkel's company, usually eager to fire on the invaders, stood and watched.
In the space of ten minutes, they had taken the ring of bunkers guarding the mine entrance. Static defenses could be formidable, but they couldn’t be moved and the short artillery bombardment had been enough to open the door and let the combined Swiss-American force in.   
Leuzinger advised that he had one man lightly wounded and Märti was breathing a sigh of relief when the corporal standing next to him pitched forward. The major dropped automatically, his mind replaying the sight of blood as it erupted from the junior NCO’s chest. He scrambled around to face the direction that the bullets had come from. Schysse! Intelligence had been certain that there were only miners inside and a small surface garrison. “Contact! Multiple enemy coming out of the mine entrance,” he  shouted over the battalion net. “All units engage.”
He unslung his assault rifle, cocking it for the first time since landing on the planet. There were at least a hundred enemy streaming out of the tunnel mouth, firing up from the deep cutting that connected the tunnel to the roadbed. Stager’s company had lost close to ten men in the surprise of the unexpected attack. The rest of his company re-deployed, moving over to fire on the enemy from the low ridge of the cutting. 
Leuzinger and Simpson led their augmented fire teams down the slope from the uphill bunkers, firing from the top of the mine entrance. Marines with M203 grenade launchers mounted under their barrels were firing M576 buckshot rounds into the closely packed enemy as they sought to fight their way up the hill and overwhelm the humans. Each round spread two thousand pellets into the milling troops and many of those who weren’t killed outright were left to scream in agony as their body fluids boiled out through the holes in their suits.    
Märti’s men made use of the ‘Jungle Style’ lugs that allowed them to connect several magazines together, allowing for quick changes as each one emptied. He had not used the feature as he mostly kept his weapon slung. He was regretting that decision now as he quickly emptied his first magazine. He was ejecting the spent magazine when a group of more than ten enemy managed to break through the rough defensive line of Stager’s company. 
Stager, seeing that the fire teams above the tunnel were effectively gutting the enemy charge below, took the remaining platoon from the ridge and led them down and into the vicious hand-to-hand fighting. Märti was just getting a magazine slotted into his weapon when an alien crashed into him, catching him off balance. They tumbled to the dirt, each trying to reach for a weapon. The alien was quickest, pulling a grey knife from a sheath under his left arm.
Märti managed to grasp his enemy’s right hand and, with the knife temporarily neutralized, drew his sidearm. He had released the safety but before he could thumb the hammer back, his arm was pulled back and downwards by his opponent’s tail. Keeping his wits, Märti pushed the hammer until he felt the familiar click. He threw his weight to the left so he could fire without hitting any of his own men and, aiming over his hip, squeezed off two shots. 
The strength went out of the small soldier almost instantly. What had been a deadly opponent was now a slack, dying creature. The soldier began to writhe in agony as his compromised suit quickly lost pressure. Märti came to his knees and, looking down at the almost human face, reached out, pulling the trigger a third time to give the doomed enemy peace. 
That was when the ground in front of Märti erupted.
 
UNS Ares
Mars Orbit
March 13th, 2028
Jan stood, magnetically rooted to the hangar deck with her heart in her throat. She had tried to ignore the fact that Liam was fighting on the surface but she failed miserably. She‘d been standing in the same spot last night when the Osprey failed to show. Her first hint had been when the camera crew began to pack up their gear. 
They had been waiting to record the return of the rescued colonists. Though their rescue was of little strategic importance, it would definitely be seen as a major triumph back home and footage of their safe arrival aboard the Ares was an absolute imperative. She had approached the one uniformed member of the camera crew, a Public Affairs officer holding a clipboard, and asked what they were doing.
“Heavy patrol activity closing in on the shelter,” he said with a frown. “The enemy have good ground-to-air missiles so we’re no-go until they can clear them out.”
“They?” Jan asked with growing dread.
“The SAS team that they sent down to bring them out,” he shrugged. “That’s why they were sent in the first place –  in case things got nasty.”
Now she stood in the same spot as the previous night, a sleepless night of rampant imagination behind her.
Nasty, Jan thought as the rumble of the outer-airlock doors announced the arrival of the anticipated Osprey. Such a small word to describe a night of fighting in the worst sort of environment. A blue light began to flash, indicating that the airlock was pressurizing. Five letters that could mean the death of someone I can’t possibly let go of – dead or alive. 
The blue light stopped flashing and changed to green. The inner doors slowly swung open, revealing the Osprey. It fired a short burst from its thrusters and floated towards its assigned docking station, firing braking thrusters and lowering itself down onto the magnetic pre-clamps.  The jaws of the main clamp grasped the hull of the small transport and pulled it down into the fully docked position. 
Now came the moment that had been filling Jan with such a potent mix of yearning and dread, the opening of the Osprey’s loading ramp. The few seconds of sleep that she had managed to snatch during the night had cursed her with a dream of Liam being unloaded from the transport in a body bag. 
Her dream seemed to be turning into reality as she saw three body bags revealed by the dropping ramp. Two medical staff rushed in as the ramp continued to drop. She took a deep breath and scanned the red-lit interior of the craft, seeking a hint or a gesture that would mark Liam. None of the people coming off the Osprey were looking in her direction. They were all watching the tiny, suited form that was holding hands with one of the camouflage-suited rescuers. He stopped to remove his helmet and she recognized Danraj Rai, the former Ghurkha rifleman who had served with Liam in Afghanistan.
“Dany,” she called out, not caring about the film crew. “Dany!”
He looked over and his friendly grin eased her fears slightly. He wouldn’t look so bloody happy if he had to tell me Liam’s dead, would he?
The medics came out with a helmetless form floating between them. They already had a pressurized IV bottle attached through a newly-cut hole in the arm of the suit.
Liam! She tried to catch up with them but they’d mastered the art of moving patients in zero gravity and quickly disappeared through a hatch on the starboard side of the hangar. She kicked off her magnetic overshoes in disgust, leaving them to drift towards the deck where they suddenly slapped loudly onto the deck. She made better speed now as she floated towards the hatch. 
She raced down the companionway to the infirmary which was built as close as possible to the hangar deck. An orderly stopped her at the sick-bay desk. “If you’re looking for Captain Kennedy, he’s on his way into surgery,” the NCO told her. “A few gunshot wounds but the triage doc said he should be able to pull through just fine.”
Should be able to pull through? Jan floated in front of the sick-bay admitting station, not knowing where to go or what to do. ‘Should’ isn’t terribly definite.  She hugged herself. She’d been doing a lot of that in the last few hours. I suppose it’s better than one of those body bags. 
But not by as much as she would have hoped.
 
Mars Surface
Olympus Mons Objective
March 13th, 2028
Märti ran several steps, scanning his surroundings as he moved. “Tanks,” he shouted into the battalion net. “Tanks coming from around the bend in the road.” He threw himself to the ground behind the bulk of a bunker just as the next round struck, ten feet to his left. The first round must have been a simple kinetic penetrator because this second one threw Märti sideways in a jarring flurry of dirt and rock – definitely a high explosive round. He checked his suit pressure and was amazed to find that there were still no holes after two close hits.
 He looked farther up the slope where the last of the enemy infantry were still fighting with his men. He set his rifle for semi-automatic fire and began to pick off the aliens. The remainder of his men had moved to the cover of the four bunkers on the reverse slope of the road where it descended into the mine opening. Most of them turned their attention to the last few enemy soldiers on the slope and the few Swiss who were among them began to collect and disengage, giving their comrades a clear field of fire. In short order, they were able to turn their full attention to the new threat.
“The tanks have infantry support,” Merkel announced.
Märti eased over to the corner of the bunker closest to the road and lay flat before easing his head around to take a quick look. He pulled back just as a heavy machine-gun burst hit the bunker at normal head height. At least one enemy gunner was sharp enough to expect his foes to look around corners. Märti resolved to buy an excellent bottle of wine for the instructor at the FIBUA, or Fighting in Built Up Areas, center. Even as his mind processed what he had just seen, he could hear the warrant officer’s voice in his head. “If you’re waiting for the enemy to take a look at you, and you feel like blowing his head off, where do you think you would aim?”
“The infantry came in soft skin vehicles,” Märti augmented Merkel’s information. “It doesn’t look like they’re familiar with combined arms operations.” A force that understood the importance of supporting tanks with infantry usually supplied their troops with light-armored vehicles that could keep up with the tanks and protect the infantry. They typically carried light cannon and machine guns to support the soldiers when they emerged to fight. Tanks on their own were easier to hit from the flank where the armor wasn’t as heavy. It was far easier to aim and fire an anti-armor rocket when you didn’t have enemy troops firing at you.
The tanks were probably escorting reinforcements for the mine, Märti thought as the first of the Swiss mortars went into action. The mortars were being used to thin out the infantry but they would be worse than useless against armor. They would need something with a lot more kick to take out the enemy tanks. They were low, slope-armored vehicles with main guns that looked to be comparable with their more primitive 120mm cousins on Earth. 
“Cover fire,” Simpson’s voice boomed over the battalion net. Not sure what was happening, Märti aimed around the corner of the building and began to fire at moving targets. The enemy machine gunner must have given up on waiting for him and moved on to other targets. He heard a deep swooshing sound and saw a Javelin missile fly out from the top of the bunker that he was hiding behind. The launch rocket had completed its burn before the missile left the tube and the flight motor kicked in at a safe distance from the firing team, forcing the weapon up into a shallow climb. 
From a height of four hundred feet, the missile angled steeply downward to slam into the thin armor on the roof of the enemy turret. For once, the reality was even more impressive than the Hollywood version. A brilliant orange fireball enveloped the lead tank and the surrounding infantry were flattened by the blast.
The other two tanks halted, pouring fire onto the bunker roof as Simpson and three marines rolled off next to Märti. One of the men unslung a launch tube assembly and held it out while the gunner attached the command launch unit. “Use the remote,” Simpson growled. “They won’t let you sit still for another acquisition.”
The man who had provided the launch tube pulled a unit out of the gunner’s web gear and ran over to the back door of the bunker. He took a quick peek through the door at the firing slits on the far side and then held the remote optic in the open door, exposing only his hand.
“Lift it a bit and angle down,” the gunner instructed. “Rest it against the damn doorframe, Eddie; you’re about as stable as a deer on roller-skates.” He had the launcher aimed into the opening between the two bunkers, the targets nowhere in sight. “Ok, that’s almost it; just drop a degree and go a couple degrees to the right, just a bit more… Hold it there!” There was a delay of two or three seconds while the seeker gained a target lock and then there was another swoosh as the missile was thrown forward by its launch motor. Once again the flight motor kicked in and the weapon climbed up into the sky streaking back down to smash the left-most enemy tank.
The remaining tank resumed the advance, perhaps realizing that its tormentor didn’t need to show his face to fire his deadly weapon. With the two Javelin strikes, the enemy infantry near the targets had suffered heavily. While the marines loaded their last remaining missile, Märti leaned around the corner of the bunker to get a handle on the situation. 
It was difficult to even tell where the tanks had been when they were hit. There weren’t even burnt out hulls to mark the vehicles, only a dark patch of debris that spread out for over fifty meters in every direction. Any enemy troops within that radius had been brutally cut down. There was perhaps a single platoon remaining of the company-sized force that had spilled out of the six-truck convoy.
Disaster might yet turn to victory.
Not for the first time, he realized how fortunate they had been to find Simpson and his troops at their landing zone. Without the Javelins carried by the Americans, they would have had a hard time stopping three tanks with their Panzerfaust 3 anti-tank rockets. 
The final missile streaked past his head and the flight motor ignited. Instead of climbing into the sky as its predecessors had done, it struck the ground and sketched erratic circles on the roadbed between the two bunkers, coming to a smoking halt, ten meters out from the leading edge of the defensive structures.
The last tank kept coming.
It headed straight up the road that led between the two lower bunkers. “Panzerfaust,” Märti ordered. “Aim for the flanks.” There was little chance of penetrating the frontal armor but he didn’t like the chances on the flanks either; the side armor looked almost as formidable as the front.
Unfortunately, his pessimism was proven to be justified. The Swiss rockets lanced towards the sides of the last tank and their tandem charges, carried in spikes at the front of each rocket, detonated the layer of explosive-reactive armor that covered the enemy vehicle. The hollow-charges of the main warheads detonated directly against the armor, as they were intended to do, but they failed to penetrate.
And the tank, supported by a platoon of troops, came on.
“Who still has rockets?” he demanded urgently.
“My company still has four left,” Leuzinger responded first, waving from behind the bunker on the right side of the road.
“Get them ready. I want you to take them onto the roof of your bunker as the tank drives between us. You might be able to fire down onto the top of the hull.” It was a long shot. Though the rockets carried almost the same mass of explosive as the Javelin, they would still be firing from a much shallower angle, and the troops firing them would be dangerously close to the blast.
It would almost certainly cost them their lives.
The tank was only a few meters away now and one of Leuzinger’s men stood on the bunker with a launcher on his shoulder. Before he could fire, a tremendous blast tore the road wheels and track from the left side of the enemy vehicle. Almost all of the remaining platoon that had been advancing with it were cut down. Only the troops who had been moving around the outer flanks of the two lower bunkers were left standing, and they were only two squads with no armor support or cover. 
The third Javelin missile had engaged its flight motor before crashing into the dirt, which had allowed the fuse to fully arm. It had been a miracle that the weapon had spun on its side rather than cartwheeling across the ground. The fuse trigger hadn’t been touched until the enemy tank drove over it. The blast had been so close that Märti landed on his back, feeling as though he had been punched in the chest by a heavy-weight champion. The stunned officer watched heavy ceramic wheels and a long section of armor skirting tumbling crazily through the air. He struggled back to his feet and reassessed their chances as he peered around the corner.
“Kill them,” Märti yelled.
He raced out from the cover of the bunker as shouts rang through his helmet speakers. Everyone was screaming in rage, defiance and fear as they cut down the remaining infantry. Before he could reach the tank, he saw Leuzinger lead his men down to the stricken vehicle whose main gun had begun to move again. It hadn’t been destroyed by the blast but had been turned into a stationary bunker. 
Leuzinger fired a burst at what must have been the driver’s periscopes and a wisp of vapor came shooting out. Their tanks must be pressurized, Märti thought as the gun stopped moving. Surely they wear their suits; they would just have to put their helmets on but at least it will hamper them. Leuzinger grabbed a grenade and shoved it into the barrel before running back up the road towards the bunker. He had left the pin in the grenade.
Before Märti could wonder what the young officer was doing, the barrel began to move again. He was beside the tank’s right flank now and was just about to fire a burst at what he took to be a sensor pod when he saw Leuzinger come out from behind the bunker with the empty Javelin launcher on his shoulder. Märti grinned and lowered his weapon.
The enemy gunner, seeing the dreaded missile launcher, swung the main gun around to Leuzinger and fired. Whether or not the grenade went off was anyone’s guess but the high-explosive round intended for Leuzinger definitely exploded when it came in contact with the grenade obstructing the barrel. The main gun blasted apart, splitting in the middle like a peeled banana. After a few seconds, the hatches were thrown open and Märti ordered the men to cease fire. 
It was time to take prisoners.
Leuzinger threw the launcher aside and sauntered down the road. His men gathered around him as he walked, slapping him on the back and congratulating him on his heroic defeat of the last tank. Märti met him in the middle of the road. “That was pretty damned brave, using yourself as bait,” he said with a grin. “Of course, we could have called in some Vulcan rounds and pulled back into cover, but this has a lot more flair!”
“Couldn’t let the Yanks get all the tanks.” The young man grinned, and the men of his command, Americans and Swiss alike, hooted at his silly humor. After this, they would likely follow him to the depths of Hell.
They would, if only their fight wasn’t coming to an end. A flight of Ospreys passed overhead, following the road between the mine and the main enemy complex. It was unlikely that any further surprises would come from that direction. He looked down at his wrist display. The reserve company had taken the fewest losses and still possessed the heaviest firepower. He looked back up at the young man. “You and Gunny Simpson will take the reserve and clear the mine. Alpha and Bravo will secure the surface.”
 
UNS Ares
Mars Orbit
March 13th, 2028
“Get some kip, Mike. You look absolutely knackered.” Jan had drifted into the workstation, doubtless at the urging of McCutcheon. “They have enough staff for three shifts in here; let someone else have a go.” A lieutenant hovered behind her, waiting to take his seat if she managed to talk him into leaving the CIC. “Do you want poor Evans here to tell his kid that he came all the way to Mars to do nothing but listen to music in his bunk?”
Mike had to admit she was right. If she’d realized he was asleep when she started talking to him, she was keeping it to herself. “Yeah,” he sighed. “I should get some food first, all those coffee packs are eating a hole through my stomach.” He undid the straps that held him to his chair and floated over to where Jan waited. “All warmed up for you.” He grinned at Evans as he buckled in. 
“How is Liam doing?” he asked her as they drifted over to the main companionway on their way to the mess deck. “I heard he came out of surgery a couple of hours ago.”
“He’ll be fine,” she said. “They plan to keep him under for a few more hours since he hasn’t had a lot of rest over the last thirty-six hours.” She had a cynical grin on her face. “I think McCutcheon sent me looking for you to get my mind off everything.” 
“He’ll probably be safer than you if you’re going down to the surface,” Mike suggested helpfully. “Once the fighting is over they’ll still have a lot of prisoners down there; they may try to cause trouble.”
“Safe and on a ship back to Earth,” she said with a tired smile at Mike. “With his injuries, there’s a good chance he’ll be shipped back with the rest of the wounded. I’ll be here studying the enemy while he’s back in the U.K. recovering.” They reached the exit hatch that led out of the CIC and into the companionway. “Talk about long-distance relationships…”
“Do these studies involve probes of any sort?”
“I’m sorry?”
 Mike shook his head. “Never mind, just trying to distract you.” 
“How long since you ate anything?”
“Not counting those ‘meal bars’?” he asked. “Nothing since we hit orbit.”
“Call coming in from the Willsen.” The communications officer’s simple announcement raised a cheer in the ship’s nerve center. The electronic warfare squadron hadn’t been heard from since the fight began. “Putting it on speaker.”
Mike stopped by the hatch, grabbing Jan by the arm.
“… chasing the wreck of the Cú Chulainn so we had the planet between us and the fleet until now.” Captain Logan’s sentence, though picked up in the middle, was nonetheless intelligible. “There was no stopping her with her systems down but we managed to take off over two hundred crew with our shuttles and we don’t have a hell of a lot of food to put in all those extra mouths. Request permission to transfer the survivors to the Ares, over.”
“Logan, you magnificent bastard,” Towers exclaimed, not caring about protocol. “Send them over, and nicely done. What’s the status of your command?”
Evans’ head poked down out of the large opening in the ceiling. He spotted Mike and waved him over. “Someone wants to talk to you at my station,” he said with a wry grimace. “Just make sure that you remember; it’s my chair now.” 
Mike shot up to the work station so fast he almost struck his head again. There, on the screen, was the reason he had stayed at his post for so long. “Mickey.” He felt the tension drain from his body, tension that he hadn’t even noticed until this moment. He suddenly felt very tired.
“Hi, Mike; good to see you guys came through in one piece.” She leaned in. “Did Keira recover?”
Keira. He suddenly felt guilty. He hadn’t seen her since the last time he and Mickey had talked. “Doc says she’s fine. I’m going to go see her as soon as I leave the CIC.” Then some food, followed by falling asleep on my way to my bunk. He half-feared he’d be found drifting down some companionway, dead asleep. “Everyone’s ok over there?”
“Yep. We didn’t have any excitement over here aside from a high-speed rescue operation, so I was pretty useless after we sent our signal.” She tried to cover a small, secret smile but Mike had grown up with her. “Farquhar says ‘hi’ to all the old Hawaii team.” 
“So you guys are still on a last name basis?” Mike teased.
“Go to bed, Mike, you look exhausted.”
 
UNS Hermann
Mars Orbit
March 14th, 2028
The ride over from the Ares was almost complete. The Osprey was rotating to align with the airlock hatch when Sprunger, the man sitting across from Märti, began to struggle with his seatbelt. At first Märti was going to reprimand the man for breaching shuttle procedures but he noticed the poorly coordinated efforts as the man struggled with the release catch. 
The major released his belt, grasping Sgt Oberlin’s shoulder and pointing at the panicking soldier. They reached him just as he gave up on the belt and started beating on his helmet. In the unpressurised hold of the Osprey, the young man would certainly die if he removed his headgear. The two men managed to pin the soldier’s arms in front of his body and Oberlin quickly slipped a plastic zip tie around his wrists before linking three more ties together to secure the man’s feet. Cheap and effective, the ubiquitous plastic ties were Geneva Convention compliant and all of Märti’s men carried them.
The Swiss had been warned about the psychological effects of long duration EVA work. During their training at the Mars Analogue Compound on Mauna Kea; instructors had advised them that prolonged confinement inside an EVA suit could lead to feelings of claustrophobia. The confinement of the suit, along with the difficulties involved in eating and heeding the call of nature would magnify the stress of combat. They’d all kept it in mind but after leaving the surface, relieved by a fresh rotation of troops, dementia had seemed a remote possibility.
Märti took a quick look out the opening rear hatch before an idea came to him. He tapped the side of Oberlin’s helmet so the man would look at him. “He’s in no shape to make the hop,” he began, their visors touching. The hop was the short slide along a guide line connecting a ring bolt on the inner wall of the airlock on the Hermann to a similar ring on the Osprey. It was very much like riding a zip line except for the lack of gravity and the two-hundred-kilometer fall.
“I’ll go first while you hook him up,” the major continued. “Then you can shove him over to me.” Märti turned and pulled the hop line down from the reel above and hooked it to the ring on his suit’s load-bearing webbing. Behind him the Hermann filled the view out the open hatch as the Osprey rotated. They were in position, ten feet away from their home ship. 
Märti unlatched the tread plate and rotated it down from the ceiling, locking it into place. He grabbed the small handles and pulled his feet up to rest against the plate, crouching in a position that was now offset by ninety degrees from the floor. Looking up from the floor of the hold, he took aim at a handle next to the airlock door of the Hermann and pushed off lightly, trailing the hop line behind him as he went. 
He reached the handle and held it with his left hand while activating the outer door with his right. It silently slid open and he pulled himself in, attaching one of the ship’s hanging carabiner hooks to his webbing before unhooking the hop line and securing it to the ring at the back of the airlock. He appeared in the door, waving at Oberlin who shoved the still-struggling soldier across. Märti pulled him in the door and hooked him up to one of the hanging straps.
The rest of the men crossed over without incident and they unhooked the hop line before closing the door to pressurize the airlock. As soon as it was safe to do so, Oberlin removed the man’s helmet but left the man’s hands and feet bound for the moment. The big sergeant let the helmet drift and tried to pull him closer so they could talk quietly but the man was having none of it. His bound hands darted up to grab the helmet and he frantically searched inside, turning it from side to side before finally relaxing and shoving the offending headgear away.
“It’s in there,” he said with evident relief. “Gopfertami spider!” 
There was a moment of stunned silence, then everyone roared with laughter. “You schwöschter,” laughed one of his squad mates. “We thought you’d lost your marbles.”
“Verpiss de, du gorilla blau arsch!” he retorted. “That little dubbel was trying to crawl up my nose.” Insects still thrived on the ships of the fleet, most of them tracing their lineage back to ancestors who had hitched a ride on the loads of produce that had been shipped up before departure.
The laughing and teasing continued as the inner door opened and they made their way back to their original dormitory where they enthusiastically greeted their wounded comrades. Märti was fiercely proud of these men. They had been through a demoralizing mission in France where their sympathies had always been with the protestors. They had endured months of cramped quarters in low gravity, a boarding action, and a grueling two-day fight on the planet’s surface with little respite from their confining EVA suits.
The enemy had proven to be willing but poorly trained. The vast majority of alien troops had still been garrisoned at their main complex, the target of Operation Candy Store. Had they arrived only a week later, the fight to clear the ships in orbit would have been much harder as the troops would have been shifted aboard for their journey to Earth. As it was, they fell with great bravery but little coordination at their main complex. At the mine, the final fight had taken out almost twenty of Märti’s men but they had rallied quickly from their surprise and the combined Swiss-American force had cut down the last gasp of resistance. 
The tale of Leuzinger’s mad gamble was making the rounds as men competed to be the first to tell wounded friends about the battle with the tanks.
Only eight enemy mining specialists had been captured inside the dark tunnels. They were all that the sophisticated excavation systems required and they were reluctantly cooperating with the human engineers who now worked to understand what had been installed during their absence. Mining was about to undergo a revolution and the men of Märti’s battalion had helped to make it a reality.
Those men were tired, they were hungry and they were forming a huge line already to use the head. Märti considered exercising the privilege of rank but quickly dismissed it. He had always disapproved of such liberties and so he drifted past them to find one of the heads near the forward battery. The men greeted him as he floated past. Some nodded solemnly, perhaps assuming it the only correct way to acknowledge him while others called out with a wave and a cheerful grin, asking when the Hermann would leave for Earth. 
All of them were elated at having defeated an enemy who possessed the technology to travel between the stars. Their weapons had proven to be advanced, reliable and largely unimaginative. The enemy assault rifles were of one design. They had a decent rate of fire as well as excellent range and optics, but they had none of the accessories found on the human weapons.  The simple, shotgun-type rounds that the marines had used to such effect in gutting the final enemy attack seemed beyond the grasp of the aliens or, perhaps, beneath their notice.
I suppose we’ve had far more practice at killing humans than they have, thought Märti as he moved through the dormitory. We’ve come up with so many exciting ways to kill our fellow man over the last few centuries.  
The word throughout the fleet, or what remained of it, was that the enemy may have had impressive technology but they had very little experience in actual, high-intensity combat. Nonetheless, Märti’s men had traveled to another planet, fought an alien aggressor and shed their own blood to win an important victory.  And all I can think about is my bladder, he thought with amusement.
Märti soon found he was grinning like an idiot and he didn’t care because the men loved it; they knew he was proud of them. The men of one squad were hovering in a rough circle as he drifted past, small crumbs floating around them as they chewed. “Bretzeli, Major?” a young private holding a battered tin offered eagerly.
In truth, Märti’s bladder was demanding relief far more loudly than his stomach but he knew it would please these men to share a simple treat with their battalion commander. He nodded as he joined the circle and opened his mouth. The young man grinned and took careful aim, ignoring the good-natured jeers of his comrades as he sent the traditional Swiss biscuit spinning towards the major’s open mouth.
Märti grabbed the arm of the nearest soldier, pushing against the man’s mass to position himself in the path of the small confection and trapped it between his teeth. The small group cheered at the idiotic display as he took a bite. The simple biscuit tasted far better than he would have expected and he found himself thinking of home with a sudden longing. “Where did you get these?”
“My tante made them for me before we left,” the man said proudly. “She showed up at the airport before we went up to the Hermann.” 
Oddly, Märti remembered the moment. “That’s right,” he said in surprise, remembering the heartwarming scene from what seemed ages ago. “You came up on the same Osprey with me. A pretty woman with long black hair gave you the tin and made you promise to come home in one piece.” He grinned. “I thought that was your sister!”
The young soldier grinned widely. He was surprised that his CO remembered the exchange. All the men in the small group were pleased to see that their leader took an interest in their lives or, at least, in their attractive relatives. “She’s only a few years older than me,” the soldier explained. “She lives in Chur so she came to see me off.” 
“Perhaps she can pick you up when we get back; I’m giving everyone two weeks leave when we get home, so you can consider yourselves dismissed the minute our feet hit the ground.” The men cheered as Märti waved the remnant of his bretzeli. “Merci vilmal,” he mumbled as he stuffed it in his mouth. “I’m going to find a head that doesn’t have a huge line before it’s too late.” 
He continued forward and entered the port side companionway. It ran between the outer gun mechanisms and the central core where the surgery, mess deck and magazines were located. In the distance, he saw a foot drift into view from a side corridor. It slowly rotated out of view and he thought little of it as he approached until the man’s head rotated out several inches into the companionway.
His eyes were glassy and a small undulating mass of blood clung to an ugly gash in his neck. As Märti watched in shock, a small globule of the fresh red liquid separated from the mass at his neck and, freed from the rotational constraints of the dead German marine, drifted out to spatter against the major’s knee. The physical impact had the same effect as a slap to the face and Märti pushed forward to grasp the man, checking his pulse and finding none.
He looked down the short hallway. He had been here before, Magazine P-4. There was blood on the door controls. Someone had killed the sentry; they were inside with the ordinance.
His own weapons had been handed in as he came aboard; loaded firearms on a pressurized ship were about as popular as an insurance salesman at a cocktail party. He took the sentry’s sidearm, cocked it and reached over to take the sentry’s headset. 
He saw Sgt. Dreher floating down the companionway and waved him over as he activated the headset. “Security, this is Major Bohren. Someone has killed the sentry on Magazine P-4 and I believe he’s in there with the warheads right now.” The sergeant took a look at the dead German. Realizing that he was a sentry, he shot a look at the magazine door and frowned in alarm. “Sgt. Dreher and I are going in now. We don’t have time to wait for backup.” He pulled the earpiece away from his mouth as the security officer confirmed the dispatch of an armed team. “Nukes,” he said simply, nodding at the bloody door.
The two men approached the door and Märti punched the door release. It slid open to reveal the rack on the far side of the wall. He poked his head around the corner and saw one of Stager’s men floating near the end of the small storage room. One of the W87 warheads floated next to him, slowly rotating. In the man’s hand was a remote detonation controller. He was out of his suit so he didn’t have a name tag for Märti to rely on.
He had long since given up on trying to remember every name in the battalion. Even knowing every man in his unit when he was a company commander was hard enough. He suddenly wished he had kept trying. 
Dreher came to the rescue. “Hoi, Richner,” he greeted the man cheerfully, casually pretending there wasn’t a dead German floating in the hall or a remote detonator in Richner’s hand. “They have wine in the dorm if you want some.” He scratched irritably at an armpit. “Always get itchy when I miss my shower,” he grumbled.
“You stay back,” Richner shouted. “We weren’t supposed to win,” he said with firm conviction. “They were God’s punishment and we defied it. We have to pay.”
Märti was shocked at the statement, one that he had heard several times from the men as they joked. This man obviously took it far more seriously. The major had once wondered if he was meant to stop Humanity from defeating the enemy. He had come to believe that his true role was in helping mankind to capture the secrets of the aliens. It was a realization inspired by his musings on the Vikings and the ancient natives of North America; this time the technology of their enemy would be used to change their future. 
“I wouldn’t drag God into this,” the sergeant said absently as he shifted his attention to his other armpit. “He’s going to have his hands full when our lads get turned loose back home. D’you think the infirmary might have some kind of cream?” While he scratched various spots, he slowly drifted towards the man.
Märti realized what the sergeant was doing and he racked his brain for some way to distract Richner. Questioning his assertion seemed like a good way to hold his attention. “Well, you wouldn’t be the first person to claim they’ve cornered the market on God’s will,” he remarked casually. “A lot of murderers try to scrub their conscience with that old chestnut.”
“You don’t understand,” Richner protested. “I have to do this.”
“I think I have a pretty good grasp of it,” Märti replied coldly, positioning himself as the opponent while Dreher was simply a man with itchy crevices, a man to ignore. “Let me see if I can summarize to your satisfaction.” He held the man’s gaze as he raised a hand to count off on his fingers, adding further distraction. “First, you tell us that God wants to punish us. I don’t know how you got your hands on that particular bit of intelligence but you must have better connections than I do and I have family at the Vatican.”
He raised a second finger. “Next, you want us to believe that God screwed up. His punishment backfired because now we’re going to be stronger than ever and he needs a mere mortal like you to help him out. Risky, that, accusing the Almighty of incompetence…”
He raised a third finger and paused, frowning. “Well, I suppose I only have the two points, but let me ask you this: how do you know we aren’t meant to punish the aliens for their pride?” He saw the first hint of doubt play across the man’s features. “How did you make this decision?” the major demanded incredulously. “Did you flip a coin? Did you realize there was more than one possibility?”
Richner’s eyes were riveted on the major. If he had been wrong, then that meant he had murdered a man for nothing more than a delusion. His mind was trying to force him back into the simple conviction that would give him peace, the straightforward belief that he was obeying a higher power. He didn’t see Dreher put his foot against a storage rack of ceramic re-entry cones and shove with all his might.
The punch connected with all of Dreher’s two hundred twenty pounds and Richner was relieved of the need to solve his moral dilemma for a few hours. “Kack,” the big NCO grimaced. “Never hit a man’s head with a closed fist.” A German marine appeared in the doorway, holding an MP5 submachine gun in his right hand while his left held a handle on the outside of the doorframe, ready to pull himself back if he came under fire.
“We’re clear,” Märti said with a deep sigh. He pointed at the unconscious Richner. “That’s the man you want, and we need an ordinance tech in here to secure that warhead.” The man nodded and waved his team in. Märti looked over at Dreher. “Let’s get you over to the infirmary and have that hand looked at.” He frowned suddenly. “Did you say they have wine back in the dormitory?”
“Mol,” the sergeant confirmed guardedly, ready to stand up for the lads if the major started spouting regulations. 
“Good, I could do with a drink after that.”
“Alright, but let’s stop at the head first. It’s more urgent than my hand.” They moved towards the magazine door. “Come to think of it, I might need a little help.”
“If you mean anything other than help getting out of that EVA suit, I’ll break the other hand…”
The Oval Office
Washington, D.C.
March 14th, 2028
“Sir, they’re ready for you.” Jack Kitzhaber stood in the hall door, grinning with the knowledge that he would have one of the best days in Press Secretary history. 
“Thanks, Jack. ” Parnell looked over from the sitting area where he was in discussion with Sam Worthington, Whitehouse Chief of Staff, and Admiral Tom Kelly, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs. “We’re almost done here. Come in and grab a seat for a minute.”
Jack walked over and dropped into a fragile-looking 19th-century armchair with alarming disregard. “First time in five hours I’ve had a chance to sit,” he said with a happy grin. “Did I mention what a good day this is turning out to be?”
“Only a few dozen times,” Sam remarked drily, fishing out his cell phone and holding it up. “For posterity,” he declared as he snapped a picture of Jack’s happy slouch. “I’ll send it to your team so they can make it look like a proper black and white.”
“Jack, we were discussing the plan for putting our own fleet in orbit once we understand the new engines on the captured mother ship,” Parnell cut in. “Needless to say, we’re continuing with the designs of the second-generation ships but those will probably never be built. We can’t afford to build any more ships in orbit. The next generation will be built on the surface and simply launch into orbit using the new Anasazi engines.
“The real challenge at this point is figuring out their star drive. Once we can replicate it, we can probably build a starship for the same price as a surface carrier and nobody is bothering to build those anymore.” The president paused for a moment to consider his words. “Jack, our public stand at the moment is that the U.N. is our best friend, but we all know what they’ve turned into. They’re dangerous. They have the only fleet in space and they’ve sucked the world of most of its cash to build it.”
He looked now at Tom as he spoke. “We need to get out from under their thumb, gentlemen. Once we understand the new engines, we can put up a fleet for a fraction of the cost of the one we sent to Mars and it will outclass whatever the U.N. has left. No one will give them money to build any more ships.”
Jack cut in. “How long before other countries are able to do the same? They all have access to the same data.”
The president nodded. “They do, and the Chinese are probably going to be our biggest rivals. According to Sam, they’re still almost half-and-half between ‘free market’ and ‘command economy’. They can push production a hell of a lot faster than us so we have to try to beat them on the science.”
“The preliminary reports from the tech teams indicate that the physics involved in the captured engines may be very close to existing but obscure theories.” Kelly leaned forward as he spoke, opening a file folder on the coffee table. “We have a list of fringe physicists who are about to find themselves drafted into the service of their nation.” He looked up at Jack. “We haven’t beaten the enemy yet; they still have their nice safe little home world out there somewhere and they sure as hell won’t take this defeat lying down.” 
“What Tom is laying the groundwork for here is our need to keep talking about a state of war.” Parnell looked down at the open folder as he talked. “We plan to build our own fleet based on what we learn from the enemy. We’re building a very comfy complex on one of our territorial islands and we’ll staff it with the best minds we have, but not all of them will be keen to come.” He looked up at Jack. “That’s why Tom mentioned drafting.”
“I see,” Jack said slowly. “And by comfy we mean?”
“Nice houses, appealing designs,” Sam shrugged. “Streets, sidewalks, schools, playgrounds, a light commercial zone with coffee shops and restaurants. It’s almost ninety percent complete. It’s the kind of community that folks usually buy into on their own without the added incentive of saving the human species.”
“And if some of our brightest and best don’t want to come?” Jack asked lightly.
“They get put in an officer’s uniform and sent there for less pay,” Kelly said reasonably. “They can still have a nice house if their families come with them but they come, one way or another.” He glanced over at Sam and the President before continuing. “Speaking of recruiting, it’s time we got one of our citizens back.” he pulled a page from his folder and slid it in front of Jack. 
“It’s not exactly fair,” Parnell explained as Jack looked down at the sheet on the coffee table. “It’s not much to work with either but you should be able to pass that to someone in a way that doesn’t get back to us?” Though inflected as a question, it was undoubtedly an order.
“Yeah, I can make that happen,” Jack began dubiously. “This won’t create much of a stir. Folks are angry about how much money the fleet cost but hearing that the project manager took his friends and family to Lisbon for a weekend when he was going there anyway is still going to be small beans. We can spin it a bit, but…” He shrugged.
“It should be enough to push him out of the UN payroll,” Sam said reasonably. “They don’t have any pressing plans to build a new fleet so we just need to call attention to the fact that he’s still drawing pay. We’re not looking to get him tarred and feathered. We just want him at loose ends so we can snap him up.”
“I still don’t like this,” Kelly growled. “Sam and I went through Annapolis together and now I’m party to a plot against his kid? He did a damn good job working for an organization that he’s not particularly fond of.”
“Jack, once we have him safely in hand, you’ll turn him into a national hero,” Parnell explained, mostly to mollify the admiral. “He actually brought the fleet in under budget.” He saw his press secretary’s eyebrows lift a quarter inch and the President waved a cautioning hand. “That’s not public knowledge yet but we hear that he plans to hand back seven percent of the original budget.” 
Parnell stood and reached for his coat; the other three men came to their feet. “For the love of God, Jack, get him fired before he releases his budget numbers. Once they come out, our chance is lost.” He shrugged into his jacket. “We need him for our own fleet, and we want him and his layout expert living on that island to keep the designers from running amok. We need to get ourselves out from under the UN’s shadow.”
“Did you just say ’amok’?” Sam grinned.
“You won’t let me use it in speeches,” Parnell retorted in a long-suffering tone. “I have to get it out of my system before I step in front of the press, don’t I?” He buttoned his jacket and headed for the door. “Alright, let’s go announce partial victory.”
Jack looked alarmed. “Sir, I need time to change your remarks before you walk in there. The language doesn’t reiterate the continuing state of war.” His best day in history was suddenly in jeopardy.
“I’ll just wing it.” Parnell kept heading for the press briefing room.
Jack looked helplessly at Sam. 
“He just might say ‘amok’ again,” The Chief of Staff grinned at his subordinate. He leaned forward and peered down the hall. “He’s almost at the door, Jack. Don’t you think you should get in there?”
Jack snapped out of his daze and raced down the hall, just catching up as the President opened the door and strode in.
Kelly laughed quietly. “Do you think it’s always like this?” he asked. “Whatever the President says in there will write our names into the history books and he’s pulling the whole speech out of his ass.” He grinned. “His press secretary is just this side of a cardiac event because he has no idea what will happen in the next ten minutes, even though he had every syllable planned this morning.”
“When you have good news, the public will forgive just about any gaffe,” Sam shrugged. “Remember when Kennedy made his famous Berlin speech? A lot of people claimed that adding the ‘ein’ when he said he was a Berliner meant that he was claiming to be a jelly doughnut but the Germans knew what he was getting at and they loved him for it.”
“Makes you wonder what went on in this room during some of history’s great moments,” Kelly mused.  “The Cuban missile crisis, for example.”
“Probably a bit of a mess,” Sam agreed. “But this is going to be a hell of a lot bigger, you wait and see. We still have a whole planet filled with enemies out there somewhere.”
 
Those enemies were about to find that they had lost contact with their colony on Mars. 
 
 
Epilogue
Guernsey
Channel Islands
August 24th, 2028
Jan jumped from the ramp of the Osprey before it could settle its landing gear on the ground, dropping the last four feet with a practiced, controlled collapse. She ignored the shouts of concern from the vehicle’s loadmaster. 
Aircrew here on Earth were far more procedure-oriented than the veterans who had flown between the fleet and the surface of Mars. Ospreys had rarely touched the surface of the red planet but simply hovered while troops disembarked; a sitting aircraft was easy meat for enemy infantry.
She picked up her bag and started towards the low stone wall separating the pasture from the grounds of a thatched, stone cottage. A young boy on the other side of the wall was watching the almost-silent aircraft as it floated back up into the fog. He looked to be around ten and, like most boys, he was fascinated by the new engines that had revolutionized the transportation industry.
There was no mistaking who he was. 
“All right, Thomas?” She couldn’t help smiling at this smaller version of Liam.
“Coume tchi que l’affaire va?” The youngster grinned up at her with easy charm.
Her heart skipped a beat. Years ago, when she had imagined children, they had been just like this young man, right down to the father’s confident personality. Only two years on the island and already he’s talking like a local, she thought, setting the bag on the far side of the wall. She threw a leg over and sat on the cold stone. “I thought that language was disappearing.” Very few islanders spoke the local cousin of Norman French anymore.
“They have it at my school,” he said with a happy shrug. “Some things are worth bringing back.” He looked down the hill to where a small cluster of houses stood. “My mum never knew a word of it but my Gran'mère cried when I first used Guernésiais.” He smiled at the memory. “Then she stuffed me so full of gâche, I could barely walk home!” Thomas’ mother had died in an accident while Liam was a prisoner in Afghanistan. The boy had spent several months with his uncle in London until Liam had come to collect him. He had a better life here, with his mother’s family just down the hill and Liam’s sister at this cottage.
Thomas picked up Jan’s bag. “You’ll catch your death sitting on those stones,” he said, acting as though he had known her for years rather than minutes. “We’ve set a place for you; you’re just in time for lunch.”
 So like his father, she thought. Liam had the same way of making you feel you had known him forever. As they approached the door, it opened and there he was, a cane in his left hand and a smile on his face. He shuffled sideways as his son disappeared inside the narrow doorway and then he threw his arms around her, the cane dangling behind her back.
They leaned back to look at each other. “How long do you have?” he asked.
She smiled. “As long as I want,” she said. “After what we’ve done, being at Oxford seems like someone else’s life. I think I’d go mad if I had to go back to grading papers and teaching classes.” She gave a tiny shake of her head. “Sometimes, you just can’t go back.”
“Sometimes?”
She gave him a kiss before whispering in his ear. 
“Sometimes, you can.”
 
 

Sign up for Andrew’s New Release Mailing list and get a free copy of the novella Metamorphosis. Set in the Black Ships universe, this story can be read before or after book one.
 
Click this link to get started:
http://eepurl.com/ZCP-z

A Fireside Chat
Host: So the alien attempt at capturing Earth has been foiled. What happens now?
AG: The Dactari have underestimated us. Not by much, but just enough to buy us a little breathing room. In all probability, the enemy will recognize the need for a proper invasion force, but there’s no knowing when they might get around to that. Meanwhile, politicians will argue, engineers and physicists will analyse the captured vessels and companies will leverage the new technology. 
 
Host: So, we’ll see that in The Dark Defiance?
 
AG: Well, you can pretty much assume the part about the politicians, so the next story will take us out into the fringes of the dead empire (Succeeded by it’s own military species – the Dactari) where a Human ship is seeking out new sources of rare commodities. Though the Dactari are nothing more than a distant memory in that particular region, there are other dangers to face.
 
Host: Is there any way for readers to let you know what they think of this book?
 
AG: I love hearing what readers think. If you have any feedback, you can reach me at my blog: http://agclaymore.blogspot.ca/p/contact-me.html or my email AGClaymore@gmail.com. I try to respond to every email except for the ones pretending to be from Windows Security. 
If you really liked the story and want to help others to discover it, the best thing you can do is post a review on Amazon. It can take a long time for a new title to garner enough reviews to be taken seriously. The average rule of thumb seems to be one review for every one or two thousand readers, so it’s a big help anytime a reader takes the time to post one.
 
Host: OK, let’s stop pretending to be two people and get back to work.
AG: Or you could answer email while I do some outlining?
Host: Sigh… facepalms…
 
  Follow me on Twitter:
@AGClaymore

Blog: http://agclaymore.blogspot.com/
 
