DUKE MANFIST: THANKSGIVING...WITH MY FIST!
PHIL ELMORE
Published by Ire Press, an imprint of League Entertainment, at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 by League Entertainment LLC
This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents, even those based on real people, are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
All Rights Reserved.
Created by Phil Elmore, John Jackson & Ken Chapman
Cover and Interior Art by Johnny Atomic
Duke Manfist and its characters are trademarks of League Entertainment, LLC

CONTENTS
“TITLE & COPYRIGHT”
“PART 1: BUTTERFLY IN THE SKY”
“PART 2: ALVIN TOSTIG HAS A SON TODAY”
“PART 3: PARTY ON DOWN TO THE XSCAPE BEAT”
“PART 4: WE’RE BEGGARS AND BLIGHTERS AND NE’ER DO-WELL CADS”
“PART 5: WHO’S THE CAT THAT WON’T COP OUT”
“PART 6: AND ALL THE BEADS WE MADE BY HAND”
“PART 7: LET ME HEAR YOUR BODY TALK”
“PART 8: FROM GLEN TO GLEN AND DOWN THE MOUNTAIN SIDE”
“PART 9: AND THEN YOU CALL ME AND IT’S NOT SO BAD”
“PART 10: NEVER KNEW NO GOOD FROM BAD”
“PART 11: IF THERE’S SOMETHING WEIRD IN YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD”
“PART 12: TAKE MY LICENSE, ALL THAT JIVE”
“PART 13: AND WHEN YOUR FEARS SUBSIDE AND SHADOWS STILL REMAIN”
“PART 14: THESE ARE THE THINGS I CAN DO WITHOUT”
“PART 15: AND THEY WERE ALL IMPRESSED WITH YOUR HALSTON DRESS”
“EPILOGUE: THE PART AFTER THE CREDITS”

“ABOUT PHIL ELMORE”
“OTHER DUKE MANFIST TITLES”



Part 1: Butterfly in the Sky

“HEALTH ADVISORY,” warned the sign bolted to the double glass doors of the Gordo’s chain restaurant.  The sign, which by law appeared in the entranceway of every Gordo’s fast food establishment, warned that merely breathing the air of the “restaurant” (the word “restaurant,” also by Federal law, was required to appear in quotes whenever used to refer to a Gordo’s) was equivalent to consuming a 400 calorie meal for every thirty minutes spent on the premises.  A helpful grid outlined the various diseases patrons could expect to suffer after stays of increasing duration.  At the one hour mark, adult-onset diabetes was likely.  After two, heart attack was virtually guaranteed.  The chart stopped at three hours, thirteen minutes, for no one eating at a Gordo’s had yet managed to remain on the property longer than that, unless resting in the ambulance in the parking lot also counted.  So noted a duly engraved asterisk.
The customer in the purple shower curtain had ignored the sign and was now resting comfortably in his mobility scooter at the order counter, trying to catch his breath.  He pointed at the grid of letters and numbers with one thick hand.
“MCCC7700?” he asked.
“That’s the Meatball, Cheese, Cheese, and Cheese meal, sir,” said the teenager behind the counter.
“What about “MCCCC9900?”
“More cheese, sir, but otherwise identical.”
“And the SHL4802?” the customer asked.
“That’s our Shovel of Lard,” said the teenager behind the counter.
“That.  I’ll take that, too.”
“Yes, sir.  Would you like to Artery Surprise that for just twenty-five cents more?”
“Yes,” said the customer in the shower curtain.  “And I want some extra buckets of Heart Thunder.”
“Yes, sir. Additional sauces are extra, sir.”
“Geez, what a rip-off,” the large man said, wheezing.  “Okay.  I’ll pay it.”
“Of course, sir.”
Behind the man in the shower curtain, a small pack of scooter-going customers revved their electric motors anxiously.  This patron’s breakfast order had taken ten minutes to compile, thanks to the new menu grid at the front of the “restaurant.”  New changes in food service law had gone into effect that morning, requiring the Gordo’s chain (and every other fast food restaurant) to post the calorie counts for their meals.  The problem was that there was only so much space on the grid.  Gordo’s management had made the decision to abbreviate the meals next to their four-to-six digit calorie numbers, which left the menu looking like the NASDAQ ticker. 
“Your order is sixty-three, sir,” said the kid behind the counter.  “You can pick it up over there.”  He pointed to the order-pickup window three feet away.
“Geez,” said the man in the shower curtain.  “It’s way over there.” Sweating and complaining, he directed his scooter to the area indicated.  Once there he put his hand on his chest while he waited for his breathing to return to normal.  Then his eyes widened.
“Sir?” asked the teenaged employee.  “Are you having a stroke?”  The kid reached under the counter for a Stroke Coupon, good for a thirty percent discount during a subsequent visit.
“I forgot my drink,” said the man in the shower curtain.  “Add a diet Coke,”
“Of course, sir.”  The kid paused, then handed the man the coupon anyway.  “Just in case, sir.”  More loudly, he said, “May I help the person who’s next?”
A second, then a third mobility scooter jockeyed for position.  The breakfast crowd was heavy this morning.  The florid, sweat-covered patron wearing matching 7X “Under Armor” sweatpants and workout shirt had just opened his mouth to order when a rope snaked down from the drop ceiling above him.  As the first man on the first scooter, the kid behind the counter, and the other customers watched in open-mouthed amazement, acquiring high blood pressure as they inhaled, several more cables appeared.  A quintuplex of ninjas climbed silently down the cables, brandishing swords and nunchucks.
“Welcome to Gordo’s,” said the kid behind the counter.
“There’s a line, you know,” said the man on the scooter.
“Gaaaaakkkkkkk,” said the kid behind the counter, who had just been stabbed through the face with a ninja sword.
“Please don’t kill me,” said the man in the shower curtain.  “I haven’t eaten yet.”
The silent killers went about silently killing the not-so silent “restaurant” customers, beating and slashing and chopping at them.  The man in the shower curtain slapped his scooter’s controls, only to find his battery was dead.  He tumbled from the scooter, collided with the floor, and slid across the polished tiles exactly as quickly as mayonnaise also does not, oozing across the recently mopped surface with his shower curtain trailing behind him.
One of the ninjas walked calmly around him to head him off.  The man in the shower curtain looked up as the ninja raised his bloody sword.
The enormous grille of a HUMWAY assault vehicle tapped the ninja gently on the shoulder.
Even when it is not touching you, there is something imposing about a HUMWAY assault vehicle.  It looks like nothing so much as a grizzly bear riding a shark while both are carried in the talons of a mighty eagle, if the shark is also humping a dumpster and the grizzly bear has two enraged elephants for hands, if all of that was, you know, a truck.  And when it does touch you, the most playful nudge from an eight-thousand-pound HUMWAY feels a lot like having your internal organs ruptured as your spine is crushed and your body is thrown through the air by the impact, because that happens.  
As the HUMWAY crashed through the wall of the Gordo’s, the ninja’s heart crashed through the wall of his ribcage and his brain crashed through the wall of his skull. The ninja puree that landed wetly on the floor next to the fat man in the shower curtain was still holding its sword when Duke Manfist climbed from the driver’s seat of his vehicle.
“Everybody’s under duress,” he announced.
“Arrest,” said Ken Goodspeed, his partner, leaping dynamically from the passenger seat.  Ken was a good-looking Asian man in a stylish blazer, formerly of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  He was also just killed.
“Thooop!” said Ken Goodspeed.  The flaming arrow that had just lodged in his left eye socket continued to burn after his body hit the floor.  
“Not my fault,” said Duke.
The world’s manliest action hero, Duke Manfist was as tall as he was wide.  His neck was thicker than his bullet-shaped head.  His dark hair was slicked into a battering ram.  Enormous biceps would have ripped his shirt sleeves to shreds, had his black muscle-T had sleeves.  Because, you know.  It was sleeveless.  His bulging paunch stretched the fabric of his shirt taut and hung over the chrome manhole-cover-sized belt buckle at his waist, which held up his camouflage pants and bore the image of a grizzly bear riding a shark as both were carried in the talons of an eagle as they all fled a nuclear explosion.  He wore scuffed combat boots and carried an enormous revolver in a shoulder holster.  On his forehead were perched a pair of unlicensed Ray-Ban style sunglasses.  His jaw was so strong that it worked out on its own, while his chin could pull nails like a claw-hammer.
An attractive woman in a nearby booth — whose breasts were admirably large and whose waist was admirably thin — was overcome by Duke’s manliness and fainted.  Her husband caught her, started to glare at Duke, then thought better of it.  Then he, too, fainted.
Duke drew his Jackson Arms revolver.  The plot-tuned action of the weapon stopped working whenever it was convenient —or inconvenient — but Duke had a good feeling about his gun today.  That might have had something to do with the explosive bullets he had loaded that morning.
“BLAM!” said Duke’s revolver.  “BLAM! BLAM!”
“WHOOOSH,” said a ninja.  “FOOOOOM!” 
“I don’t want to whoosh-foom,” said another of the ninja, now paralyzed with fear and getting ready to also-faint.
“Today’s not your day, Nancy,” said Duke, and WHOOSH-FOOMED the ninja into flaming ninja-parts, all of which fainted individually.
Chaos erupted.  The surviving ninja ran for it, but Duke fired after them, destroying large swaths of the Gordo’s in the process.  He had just taken aim at the last of the remaining ninja when another ninja, already wreathed in flame, went running past his line of sight.
“Bill?” said the first ninja.  “Where’ve you been, man?”
“AAAAAARRRRGGGGGHHHHHHH!” screamed the ninja who was on fire.  
Duke and his revolver BLAMMED at them.  The ninja who was not Bill made a beautiful FOOMING noise as his assets were reallocated across the dining area.  The already flaming ninja, however, disappeared through the exit before Duke could shoot him.  Manfist took aim and tried, but his weapon clicked conveniently (or inconveniently) empty.
“Next time, pal,” he said, projecting from his diaphragm, “we’ll just see who’s the flamer.”  He turned to the man in the shower curtain expectantly.
“Uh,” said the fat man.
“No?” Duke said.  “What about... Next time, pal... that burning sensation you’re feeling will be... justice.”
The fat man shook his neck fat.  “Nuh uh.”
“Next time, pal,” Duke tried again, “you’ll be trailing the smoke of having recently been... killed.”  He whipped the sunglasses off his forehead as he said it, then put them back on.
“Yeeeeeaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!” screamed the man in the shower curtain, in a perfect imitation of Roger Daltry from The Who.
“Were we doing a whole CSI: Miami thing there?” Duke asked.  
“Ner,” said the man in the shower curtain.  “Erm herving a strerk.”
“You’re having a stroke?” asked Duke.  “They got coupons for that here.”
“Ermahgerd,” said the fat man.  “Er dernt wernt ter der.”
“No, I’m not thirsty, Gerard Butler,” said Duke.  “And we ditched that whole meme thing after the Halloween special.”
“Ggttthhhhkkkkk,” said the fat man.
“Boy, you can say that again,” said Duke.  He climbed back into the HUMWAY, fired up the engine, and backed out of the restaurant, his front bumper trailing brick, mortar, and ninja grease.  The HUMWAY reversed neatly into the gas station across the street, deliberately cutting off a hybrid-electric Prius.  Duke paused long enough to fire a few rounds from his revolver after the retreating Prius, but did not manage to hit anything.
“I hate pumping my own gas,” he said.

TO BE CONTINUED...


Part 2: Alvin Tostig Has a Son Today
  Duke Manfist grabbed the gray 1980s brick-phone mounted to the dash and dialed the operator, which was Secret Headquarters’ idea of a hidden code to reach Secret Headquarters.  
When the connection went through, a television screen on the dash illuminated with the image of Doctor Coplawyer, Secret Headquarters’ Operations Manager, Law Enforcement liaison, legal adviser, medical officer, accountant, accredited SCUBA instructor, ice sculptor, IT manager, caterer, and ISO auditor.  He was wearing his customary Sam Browne duty belt, bulletproof vest, three-piece suit, and white medical jacket.  A stethoscope and a badge hung around his neck.
Coplawyer was the man responsible for recruiting, deceiving, and sometimes kidnapping the various personnel who became Duke Manfist’s ill-fated partners.  Each of the Ken Goodspeeds signed an ironclad service contract remanding them to Coplawyer’s custody.  Their names were legally changed to Ken Goodspeed for the duration of the contract, which prevented Duke from having to learn hundreds of new names every month — a feat which Duke, the sole field operative for Secret Headquarters and the product of an experimental program to create the world’s manliest action hero, was ill-equipped to manage.  While he was impossibly fearless, impossibly strong, and impossibly manly, Duke Manfist was not terribly bright.
“I know a narrator who’s gonna get punched if he doesn’t stop calling me dumb,” said Duke.
While he was impossibly fearless, impossibly strong, impossibly handsome, impossibly brave, and impossibly manly, he was not fond of things like math, science, words, or information, which made tasks of rote memorization, short-term memory, long-term memory, and other things best left to pencil-necks, nerds, and Nancies things which he seldom bothered to trouble himself with.
“All that and you ended the sentence with a preposition?” asked Coplawyer.
Don’t you start.  Can we continue with the first-chapter exposition?
“Whatever chokes your mime, pal,” said Duke.  He glanced out the window as a flaming ninja ran past in the other direction, screaming and trailing smoke.
“Duke,” said Coplawyer.  “The Shadow President would like an update.”
The Shadow President was the man who told the real President, the real Congress, and the real Ghostbusters what to really do.  That last bit is parody and no copyright infringement is implied or should be inferred.  
The Shadow President was the only man manly enough to give Duke Manfist orders, and had in fact contributed the genetic material used to create Duke Manfist (and a host of less than successful almost-Duke-Manfists, who shared the unfortunate side effect of being serial killers and the more fortunate side effect of having been killed by Duke Manfist during the Halloween special).  This meant that the Shadow President was, technically, Duke’s father, something about which both men were far too manly to discuss directly.
“Another Gordo’s,” said Duke, “and another bunch of ninjas.  Also another bunch of dead ninjas.”
“How many customers were killed?” asked Coplawyer.  
“By the food or by the ninja?”
“Either.”
“A bunch, I guess.  You know I don’t math so good.”
“Indeed,” said Coplawyer.  “I will scramble a clean-up crew.”
“I thought I was the only field agent,” said Duke. “How can you have a cleanup crew if all you got at Secret Headquarters is supporting  support staff whose job is to support me?”  This was a point of contention to Duke, who was of the opinion that Secret Headquarters — an organization created solely to support him in his mission to inflict justice on the populace —did more to get in his way than it did to accomplish anything else.  Coplawyer and Secret Headquarters spent most of their time hijacking or otherwise recruiting partners to become Ken Goodspeeds.  The Goodspeeds were invariably killed, and while this was not always an issue, there were times that Duke became attached to them.  No matter how many times Duke suggested this practice stop, Coplawyer would hear none of it. 
“We use a service,” said Coplawyer.  “Maids-a-Million,” if you must know.”
“I not-so-must,” said Duke. 
“Where is Agent Goodspeed?” asked Coplawyer, peering left and right and pushing his face toward the camera as if he could look into the corners of the HUMWAY’s passenger compartment.
“Uh,” said Duke.  “About that.  We got a code Ken.  I mean, a code dead.  A dead Ken. Code... Three-ten?  I forget what we said the number was.  But Ken’s dead.”
Coplawyer sighed.  “I suspected as much.  You had better come in.”
“Eat me,” said Duke.
“Must I have the Shadow President order you?”
“You you-must,” said Duke.  “I like him better than you.  And he’s never shoved an electronic whatsit up my ice-cream chute to monitor my heart rate and location and junk.”
“I told you we had discontinued that practice,” said Coplawyer.  “The Goodspeeds are now equipped with the monitoring implants.  I monitor you through your phone whenever possible, which is why I do not approve of the incompatible, antique model you keep in your HUMWAY.”
“And that’s why it’s worth the really special head-cancer it’s giving me,” said Duke triumphantly.  “Put the Shadow President on.”
“Very well,” said Coplawyer.
The bearded image of the Shadow President appeared immediately.  Obviously he had been waiting on the line.  Duke, had he understood the word “chagrin,” would have known a moment’s chagrin at the thought of Coplawyer having him figured out so completely.
“How goes the battle for truth and justice, son?” the Shadow President asked.
The Shadow President had always called him son —he called everybody son — but now, Duke felt himself buoyed by the moniker.  It was as if, knowing the connection between the two, Duke’s noble fight for justice, his protection of the United States and all the good it stood for, was elevated from calling to crusade, from vocation to dedication, hallowed by the sacred trust the Shadow President placed in him.
“Goodspeed got ganked,” said Duke.
“That happens,” said the Shadow President.
“You’re telling me,” said Duke.  “Pencil-neck was right,” he went on, referring to Doctor Coplawyer, for whom he had developed a deep and entirely understandable dislike over the years.  “The ninjas were attacking the Gordo’s just like he said they’d be.”
“Did you capture one of the varmints for questioning?” asked the Shadow President.
“Sure,” said Duke.  “Wait, ‘capture’ is the one where their guts are out, right?”
“Not so much, son,” said the Shadow President.  “Not so much.  Listen, Duke, we’ve got to get a handle on this.  Gordo’s ‘restaurants’” — he made air quotes —“are being attacked throughout the Northeast.  We don’t know why.  We can’t have ninja killing our citizens while they try to buy fast food.  It’s un-American.  Every American has the right to eat a soup tureen full of butter and gravy if he wants.”
“Why would he?” asked Duke.
“That’s Gordo’s new promotion,” said the Shadow President.  “Don’t that beat all?”
“Whatever flogs your Toby, I guess.”
“Did someone say ‘Roots’ reunion?” asked actor LeVar Burton.  His face appeared, upside down, in the driver’s side window.
“Am-scray, Elton John’s ‘Levon,’” barked Manfist.  LeVar Burton’s head disappeared.  
“He has so little,” said the Shadow President sympathetically.  “Where was he, son? On the roof?”
Duke nodded.  “He’s been following me around for weeks.”
“Well, then,” said the Shadow President. “We have another problem, Duke.  Those mutton-headed goody-goody interlopers the Brits are trying to horn in on this.  My office is getting reports that an agent from MI8 is poking around.  I’ll be damned if a toothless people who eat spleen-and-kidney pie is going to solve an American problem for Americans.”
“I didn’t know MySpace had agents,” said Duke.
“MI8,” corrected the Shadow President.  “Although it’s as boring as MySpace.  A secret British intelligence agency whose operatives mess around outside their own borders all the damned time, trying to police what everybody’s doing.”
“I can see how that would get irritating,” said Coplawyer on the line.
“Shaddap,” said Duke Manfist and the Shadow President simultaneously.
“I hate this job,” said Coplawyer quietly.
“So write that down somewhere,” the Shadow President went on.  “MI8. Not MySpace.”
“Good,” said Duke.  “I didn’t want to join MySpace.”
“Nobody does, son.  Nobody does.”
“So what do you want me to do, sir?” Duke passed an attractive female jogger and winked at her through the window of the HUMWAY.  She fainted.
“Report in to Gary,” said the Shadow President, who steadfastly refused to use Doctor Coplawyer’s revised first name.  Gary Coplawyer had legally changed his name to Doctor, which meant that, technically, he was “Dr. Doctor Coplawyer.”  The Shadow President had once confided to Duke that you couldn’t entertain these types of vanities, lest you run the risk of creating yet another Artist Formerly Known as Prince Rogers Nelson, or an obnoxiously fickle Sean “Puffy” Puff Daddy” “P-Diddy” Combs.
“You ask me,” the Shadow President had said, “We all ought to refuse to indulge that kind of foolishness.”
“Will do, sir,” said Duke.  
“You talking to me or the little flashback about me not using Gary’s new name?”
“Uh, both, sir,” said Duke.
“Good man.  Check in with me later.  And Duke?”
“Sir?”
“Do it for justice,” said the Shadow President, and signed off.
“With my fist, sir,” said Duke to nobody.  “For justice... with my fist.”
“Still here,” said Coplawyer on the line. 

TO BE CONTINUED AGAIN...



Part 3: Party on Down to the Xscape Beat
The weathered sign outside the seemingly abandoned amusement park fun house read, “Secret Government Headquarters.  No Trespassing.”  Duke punched the sign as he passed it, believing that the gesture brought him luck, and traversed the creepy giant clown mouth and its bristled tongue.  He stepped on the concealed switch at the base of the tongue and was carried on a hidden elevator down the clown’s throat.  
The only thing Duke found more unsettling than this arrangement was Mormons.  And sometimes spiders.  He had nothing against Mormons as a faith (or spiders, for that matter).  It was just the special underwear thing he found a bit unnerving.  The Mormons, not the spiders.  And he had stopped thinking spiders were so gross now that he had a plump Patagonian jumping death-spider as a pet.  The creature was the size of an iMac and seemed to be getting along well with the Tyrannosaurus Rex that Duke also kept at home.
In the operations center of the Secret Headquarters, support staff sat at workstations doing whatever it was those people did.  The walls were covered in flat screen monitors showing various portions of the country and the world in tactical overlays with glowing situation markers.  A hum of activity, and the faint odors of rust and sweat, enveloped the busy space.  
Coplawyer was circulating among them, getting reports from his people and tabulating something on a clipboard.  The details did not interest Duke Manfist.  He positioned himself to block Coplawyer’s path and waited until the man paused to look up at him.  Coplawyer, meanwhile, was trailed by a nerdy-looking, heavyset, pencil-necked Nancy in a short-sleeved polo shirt.  The Nancy had a pocket protector in his pocket.
“Who’s this dweeb?” said Duke.
“Duke, this is Ken Goodspeed, your new partner,” said Coplawyer.  “He’s just signed his service contract.”
“What brings you here, Ken?” Duke asked.  “Captured by a press gang while sailing off the coast?”
“Unemployment office, sir,” said Goodspeed.  “It’s tough out there.”
“I keep hearing,” said Duke.  He turned to Coplawyer for an explanation.
“Ken is an unemployed IT professional,” said Coplawyer.
“I also do web design,” said Goodspeed.
Duke slapped the sides of his face like a certain famous movie kid who got left home alone and then turned to drugs, or did something that sure looks like he turned to drugs, later in life.  “Golly,” said Duke.  “Unemployed web designer?  Wherever are we gonna find one of those on short notice?”  He walked to a fire door located in a nook off the operations center and opened it.  The door led to a back alley that smelled of garbage and buzzed with flies.  This was where the operations personnel dumped their garbage.
“Any unemployed web designers out here?” Duke asked.
A flaming ninja, screaming and trailing smoke, ran past.  Duke ignored him.
Half a dozen heads popped up from in and around the dumpster.  They belonged to half a dozen homeless men, who exhibited varying degrees of living in their own filth.
“Me! Me!” said one.  “I’m a web designer!”
“I know Perl and C++!” said another.
“I’ll please you sexually!” shouted a third.  “Please, please, I’m tired of eating garbage!”
“If I had a dollar for every time I’ve heard that,” muttered Doctor Coplawyer.  “Duke, if you’re quite through making a point?”
Manfist shut the fire door.  “What’s with all the fungus and stuff?” he asked.
“Fungus?” Coplawyer asked, confused.  He looked around.  The operations center was decorated in a colorful cornucopia-and-pilgrim motif, although, to prevent anyone from being offended, the pilgrim hats and turkeys had been replaced by nondescript Autumn leaves.  All the decorations were cut from construction paper.  “Oh.  You mean the decorations. However did you get fungus from that?”
“You always struck me as a fungi,” said Duke, who then paused and looked at Goodspeed expectantly.
Goodspeed held his hand parallel to the ground and waggled it back and forth.  Duke, disappointed, turned back to Coplawyer.
“Yes, that never gets old,” Coplawyer said.  “That and jokes about the ubiquity of web designers.”
“You getting all meta on me, Doc?” Duke said.  “Because if you are I just might send away for a correspondence course on how to mold butter sculptures, graduate with adequate marks and equivalent transfer credits, sculpt an accurate if workmanlike and uninspired reproduction of Katy Perry, call the paparazzi, insult the butter sculpture, then tell her enraged husband that YOU told me to say it, and watch while Russell Brand beats the ever-loving snot out of you.”
Coplawyer blinked.
“Russell Brand and Katy Perry broke up, sir,” said Goodspeed.
“They’re still friends!” Duke insisted.  “Russell will always love her even if they weren’t compatible.”
“I’m not sure an enraged Russell Brand is anything terrifying, sir,” said Goodspeed.  “He’s, like, eight feet tall and three inches wide.  He looks like he’d blow away in a strong wind. And he’s English.”
“The English invented boxing!” Duke said.
“The English invented the Spice Girls,” said Goodspeed.  “I’m not sure about the boxing.”
“Russell Brand is at least 45 pounds of fury!” Duke insisted.
“Respectfully, sir, Russell Brand is what you get shortly after you feed taquitos to a pit bull.”
“Horsemeat and despair,” said Duke.
“Sir?”
“The smell,” said Duke, lost in his horrific reverie.
Coplawyer sighed.  “If you’re both quite through,” he said.  He turned to Goodspeed.  “You will find, Agent Goodspeed, that Agent Manfist is entirely incapable of relating to anything or anyone except in terms of sex and violence.  If you keep this in mind, you may even survive.”
“Uh,” said Ken.
“So what’s with the decorations?” Duke asked.
“Thanksgiving,” said Coplawyer.  “We are celebrating Thanksgiving.  Although, for multicultural reasons, we are calling it the Harvest Festival.”
“Natch,” said Duke, who stopped talking as Mtumba walked over carrying a dandelion in one huge hand.  Mtumba was seven feet tall.  The African-born warrior was as dark as coal and wearing a frilly red sun dress with a matching hat.  He spoke a few words to Doctor Coplawyer in what might have been Swahili, popping and clicking as he went, then handed the dandelion to Coplawyer with much reverence.  Bowing, he went back to his workstation and began playing Tetris.
“What was that all about?” asked Goodspeed.
“No one is quite sure,” said Coplawyer.  He stared at the dandelion awkwardly before putting it in the buttonhole of his outermost jacket, the white Doctor’s coat. 
“Nobody knows what that guy even does here,” said Duke.
“I assure you that Mtumba is essential to the operations of Secret Headquarters,” said Coplawyer.  “Although I admit that having him on staff simultaneously solves various ethnic diversity requirements handed down by the federal government.  You can imagine what an advantage that is, having on your payroll a disabled transgendered African immigrant military veteran who may or may not also be something other than heterosexual.”
“What military is that, exactly?” said Duke.  “The KISS Army?”
“Coast Guard,” said Coplawyer.
“Disbled?” asked Goodspeed.  “What’s wrong with the poor man?”
“Dyslexia,” said Coplawyer.  “We’re almost certain.”
“He doesn’t speak , read, or write English,” said Duke.
“Untreated learning disabilities are a tragedy, yes,” said Coplawyer.  “Now, Duke, if you will excuse me, I need to go over some orientation and other federally required employee guidelines with Ken in my office.  I must also discuss with him our departmental policies on employee monitoring.”
“Watch your pooper, Ken,” said Duke.
Goodspeed looked horrified as Coplaywer led him away.
The moment the door to Coplawyer’s office closed, the staff of Secret Headquarters left their workstations and disappeared into the kitchenette and break room.  Duke followed, having nothing better to do, although he despised waiting around. There were people and things to be punched. 
A group of male employees, who looked particularly pencil-necky to Duke, gathered in a circle.
“I’m not sure that’s, uh, appropriation,” said Duke, feeling old and square as he did so.
The employees ignored him.  They began kicking a small beanbag-looking thing from ankle to ankle.
“You want in on this, Agent Manfist?” one of them asked.  
“What the hell is it?”
“Hackey-sack, sir,” said another.  “Come on over.  We’ll teach you.”
A female employee, her blouse nicely tight, fainted in her break room chair as Duke Manfist approached.
“Okay,” said Manfist dubiously.  He took a position in the circle of employees.  “What do I do, Ken?”
“I’m Dave, sir.”
“Okay, Ken.”
“Just kick it,” said Dave.  “Like this.”  He lobbed the hackey-sack into the air.
Duke Manfist immediately side-kicked him in the abdomen.
Dave collapsed.  His face turned bright red and he dry-heaved a bit.  Duke waited impatiently until Dave managed to push himself back to his feet.  The other hackey-sack partners stared awkwardly at the ceiling, afraid to say anything.  They knew enough about Duke Manfist not to bring themselves to his attention.
“Uh,” said Dave.  “Sir.  I don’t think you quite understand.  Just do what I do.  Kick it like this.”  He took a deep breath and lobbed the hackey sack into the air once more.
Duke Manfist front-kicked him in the crotch.
Dave hit the floor like a slice of buttered toast, which is to say, face down.
“You’re not supposed to kick anyone,” he managed weakly.
“Why?” Duke demanded.  “Why?  Why would anyone play a game like that?”
“BLURRRRRMMM,” said Dave, vomiting.
Coplaywer and Goodspeed returned.  Goodspeed considered the chundering Dave and said, “I’ve never seen anyone turn that color before.”
“Indeed,” said Coplawyer.  “It’s as if there were a special name for it.”  He looked meaningfully at Duke.  When Duke did not react, Coplawyer glared at him.
“A color somewhere between blue and orange,” he said.  “But somehow both.  And neither.”  Once more he stared at Duke, shooting daggers at him with his eyes.
“FWOOOOOSHHHH,” vomited Dave.
“What?” Manfist finally asked, shooting an irritated glance at Coplawyer.  “What is it?”
Coplawyer sighed.  “This is why we do not miss rehearsals,” he groused. 

TO BE CONTINUED STILL...





Part 4: We're Beggars and Blighters and Ne'er Do-Well Cads
The Gordo’s to which Ken and Duke Manfist were dispatched was under assault by pirates.
“Arrrrr,” said the pirate Captain, who wore a tricorn hat, had a hook hand and an eye patch, and sported a peg leg that he did not actually require.  His left knee sat in a stirrup on the peg leg and he did his best to hide the calf and foot of his leg under his three-quarter-length pirate coat.
“Pirates,” said Duke Manfist.  “I hate pirates.”
“How has that ever even come up?” asked Ken Goodspeed.
“Talk like a pirate day, mostly,” said Duke.  “Which is effing stupid.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” said Goodspeed.  “I think it’s fun if once in a while you—”
“You get nut-slapped a lot this morning, Ken?”
“Uh,” said Goodspeed.  “No...?”
“Let’s dare to hold out hope for your afternoon,” said Duke.  “There’s a couple of dozen guns in the glove compartment.  Pick one out.”
“Uh,” said Ken.
The pair climbed down from the HUMWAY.  They were immediately set upon by cutlass-wielding pirates.  Duke punched one in the head, which caused him to knock skulls with a second pirate.  Both fell over, dead.  Duke took out his revolver and tried to fire it.  It clicked.
Without missing a beat, Duke Manfist waded into the Gordo’s with his mighty fists.  He punched and pounded a path of pummeled pirates to the front counter of the Gordo’s, only to confront the hook-handed captain there.  The Captain held out a flintlock pistol and Arrrrred at him menacingly.
“Johnny Depp called,” said Duke.  “He said—”  Duke stopped.  The Captain was making motions with his hook as if cutting his own throat. He peered at the pirate.  “What?”
“Ix-nay,” said the pirate.  “He’s the whole reason pirates are back in right now.  Do you want to ruin it for all of us?”
Duke looked at him closely.  “Why’s your one arm longer than the other?”
“Because I lost my hand?” asked the Captain.
“Naw,” said Duke.  As the pair spoke, the pirates fought furiously around them, slashing customers and pursuing a terrified Goodspeed around the room.  “The hook arm is longer.”
“Oh, that,” said the pirate.  “I’m not really missing a hand.  I’m holding the hook by a handle.  I still have my eye, too.”  He raised his eyepatch and winked at Duke.
“Oh,” said Duke.  “Okay.  Uh, why are you attacking Gordo’s?”
“It’s the strangest thing,” said the Captain cordially.  “I’m not really sure.  I was home this morning, doing my exercises, and I just had a hankering for running up the black flag and slitting some throats.” 
“Aerobics will do that,” said Duke.
“Aye, they do at that.”
A ninja, screaming and on fire, came running through the front end of the Gordo’s.  Duke coughed and waved his hand back and forth in front of him to dispel the smoke trail.
“Uh,” said the Captain.
“He’s been on fire since Season One,” said Duke.  “It’s kind of a running thing.”
“Oh,” said the Captain.  More cheerfully, he added, “Well, if you don’t mind, I have to get back to attacking Gordo’s, for no reason I can explain.”
“No.”
“No, you don’t mind, or no, I can’t do it because you’ll fight me to stop me?” asked the Pirate.
“Yes,” said Duke.
“Wait,” said the Captain.  “Which is it?”
“The first one.”
“The first set of options, or the first choice in the second set of options?” asked the Captain.
“My fist,” said Duke, and punched the Captain in the face.  The pirate Captain hit the floor butter-side up, clutching his broken jaw. Duke leapt on him.
“Don’t start with the whole ‘ermahgerd’ thing,” warned Duke.
“Bert mer jer is brerken,” said the Captain through his broken jaw.
Duke ripped off the pirate’s hook and then wrenched off his actual hand.
“AAAAAARRRRGGGGHHHHH!” screamed the Captain.
“AAAAAARRRRGGGGHHHHH!” screamed the flaming ninja, who was running laps around the Gordo’s building.
“I figure it’s your lucky day, Captain Deadbeard,” Duke said.  “’Cause I’m gonna help you with your costume.”
When Duke finished removing unneeded appendages from the pirate Captain, he began searching the besieged Gordo’s for Ken, punching pirates as he went.  As he passed an especially good-looking female customer, she fainted in her booth.  A pirate paused and positioned himself to penetrate her with his pirate cutlass.  Duke drew his revolver and, when it did not fire, bludgeoned the pirate with the butt of the gun.
“What happened?” asked the woman as she regained consciousness.
“My gun jammed,” said Duke.
“It did?”
“Oh, wait, no,” said Duke.  “It misfired.  I turned him to jam.”
“Jam?”
“I’m sticking with the toast metaphor thing for a while,” said Duke.
“Oh.”  The woman took in a breath of Duke’s powerful pheromones —the result of his unique genetic makeup coupled with his almost exclusively bacon- and steak-based diet —and fainted again.  Duke took a ketchup packet and wrote his phone number in ketchup across the woman’s chest.  The ketchup immediately began soaking into her blouse, blurring the numbers.
“Not my fault,” Duke said.
“Excuse me,” said a lilting, English-accented voice.  Something about the voice was very boring.
Duke turned.  The completely uninteresting man in the tailored three-piece suit was sipping a martini and smiling unctuously.  “Perhaps you could use some assistance.”
“And who are you?” Duke asked, feeling his will to live being drained from him by this new and impossibly uninteresting presence.
“Bland,” said the newcomer boringly.  “James Bland, agent of MI12.  The Queen has—”
“No takers, Nancy,” said Duke, punching Bland in the groin.  The British secret agent went down, turning a curious shade of blue-orange.
When he went outside again, Duke was just in time to see the remaining pirates keel-hauling Ken Goodspeed by dragging him under an SUV.  
“Quit it,” said Duke.  His revolver cooperated and he shot several of the pirates.  The rest ran off.  He went over to Goodspeed to see if the man was okay, realized he was checking on the half without the head, and went to the other half.
“Ken,” said Duke.  “Ken.  You okay?”
The portion of Goodspeed’s torso that contained his head did not answer.  Duke carried the torso and, as an afterthought, the lower torso and legs to the HUMWAY.  He arranged them more or less in order in the passenger seat.  Then he climbed in and started the engine, watching the gas gauge fall from half full to perilously close to “E.”
“I’m sure it wasn’t your fault, Duke,” Duke Manfist said in a high-pitched squeak from the corner of his mouth, as if throwing his voice.  “I’m sure Secret Headquarters will understand.”
“You’re right, Ken,” said Duke in his own voice to the halves of Ken Goodspeed. “It wasn’t my fault.”
“Still here,” said Coplawyer over the open radio connection. 

THIS AIN’T OVER...


Part 5: Who’s the Cat That Won’t Cop Out
“We’re seriously gonna jive these suckas up,” said Ken Goodspeed, who was now a shaven-headed black man with an impressive physique.  He wore a shoulder holster over his Bill Cosby sweater.  Coplawyer had recruited him from some government agency or other that was currently experiencing budget cuts.
“What was that?” asked Coplawyer over the connection in the HUMWAY.  Duke had tried several times to shut it off, to no avail.  The HUMWAYS were manufactured in an automated facility beneath Secret Headquarters.  Some of the finer details sometimes got overlooked as a result.  In this case, the radio switches weren’t working.  Duke thought perhaps the gas mileage was worse than usual, too; he had filled up four times in the last three hours, instead of his usual three.  Fortunately, with Goodspeed to help him, he did not have to pump the gas himself.
“Suckas gonna pay,” muttered Goodspeed.
“What?” Coplawyer asked.
“That’s just Goodspeed,” said Duke, “getting in touch with his inner Robert Roundtree.”
“Richard,” said Goodspeed.
“Dick,” said Duke.
“What?” said Goodspeed.
“I thought we were listing our favorite first names that sound like sex stuff. Harry.”
“No,” said Goodspeed.  “Shaft was Richard Roundtree.”
“Peter,” said Duke.
“No,” said Goodspeed, “Richard, not Peter.”
“You like Dick Roundtree, do you, Ken?”
“He’s okay,” said Goodspeed.  “I’ve seen better.”
Duke started laughing so hard he almost put them in a ditch.  “Goodspeed likes Dick,” he said.
“HEY!” said Goodspeed outraged.  That’s not what I meant!  I don’t like—”
“Johnson!” Duke blurted. 
“You son of a—”
“But I’m just talkin’ ‘bout Gary Johnson,” Duke said.  “You know, Libertarian candidate for President?  Hey, If you don’t want to tell me who you voted for, that’s cool.  Me, I voted for Gary Johnson.”
“I... But...” Goodspeed stared at Duke in disbelief, his jaw dropping.
“Heh,” said Duke.  “Eye-butt.”
His face darkening, Goodspeed punched Duke Manfist in the arm.  “Jerk,” he said.
The HUMWAY screeched to a halt, laying down enough rubber to outfit Michael Moore in fetish gear.  Not that anyone wants to picture that.  Oh, I’m sorry.  You’re thinking about that now, aren’t you?  He’s like, wearing a gas mask, and one of those black suits with gloves and booties, and he’s all ‘Come and get me, big boy’ in his bedtime sexy-voice, but it’s not sexy at all, it’s just gross.  Just like him.  Eeewww.  I’m really sorry.  I hate myself just a little bit for that one.
Duke Manfist tromped the gas pedal again just so he could bring the HUMWAY screeching to a halt again.  Then he set the parking brakes, grabbed Ken Goodspeed by the collar, and threw him out the door of the vehicle.
“I thought we were playfully insulting each other!” Goodspeed blurted.
Duke Manfist slapped him in the nuts.  Goodspeed curled up on the asphalt.  Duke looked up and realized they had, quite without meaning to, arrived at their destination:  The War Memorial downtown, which was the sight of a hostage situation.  Coplawyer had dispatched them to deal with it.
“Still here,” said Coplawyer from Duke’s pocket.  Duke took from his pocket a smartphone that he was sure was not his.
Goodspeed vomited.  “BLURRRMMMM,” he said.
“What are you doing here?” Duke said to the phone.  “And whose phone is this?”
“It’s yours now,” said Coplawyer.  “Please carry it.”
“Sure I won’t,” said Duke, crushing the smartphone to powder.
“Still here,” said a phone in the fetal Goodspeed’s rear pocket.  Duke took the phone with two fingers, careful not to touch Goodspeed’s behind, and brought it closer to his head without actually letting it touch his face.
“How many of those phones are there?” Duke said.
“Between one and twelm.”
“Twelm’s not a number,” said Duke, almost sure it wasn’t.  “You’re messing with me because I’m not good at that stuff.”
“Let me worry about that,” said Coplawyer.  “Are you quite through subjecting Secret Headquarters to a potential hostile work environment lawsuit?”
“Hang on,” said Duke.  He planted his combat boot in Goodspeed’s groin again, causing the man to FWOOOOSH furiously on the pavement.  “Done now.”
“As I was trying to say,” said Coplawyer.  “I’m mystified as to who could dispatch both pirates and ninjas to different Gordo’s locations.  Those would be entirely separate staff meetings.  Pirates and ninjas are natural enemies.  I can’t imagine spending all morning in meetings just to use them both. Not to mention that they are notoriously intractable.  Which is why, typically, villains employ one or the other, but not both, and almost never pirates.  Pirates simply do not take direction well.  But I can think of no reason the pirates would have to attack Gordo’s spontaneously.”
“Sometimes you talk and I just think about porn until you’re done,” said Duke.
A ninja, wreathed in flame and trailing smoke, ran past Duke, who ignored it.
“There is a report of hostages being held in the War Memorial,” Coplawyer reminded him.  “Go and fix the situation.  Leave Goodspeed.  He’ll need time to recover before he follows you.”
“Whatever gerbils your Richard—”
“I’m quite certain I don’t want to be sued by that particular actor,” interrupted Coplawyer.  Please get back to work.”
“Fine,” said Duke petulantly, kicking at an imaginary stone.  He drew his revolver and entered the war memorial.
“War is not the answer!” shouted a voice.
“No blood for oil!” yelled another.
“What smells like patchouli?” Duke Manfist asked.
Chained to seats within the otherwise empty War Memorial, a group of burlap-and-flip-flop wearing hippies, their hair teased into unwashed Caucasian dreadlocks, sat staring at him and yelling slogans.  Duke put his pistol away.  As he neared her, the closest hippie girl fainted.  The “man” next to her shaked one defiant, shrunken fist.
“We’re speaking truth to power!” said the hippie.
“He’s got a bomb!” said Duke Manfist loudly.
“What?” said the hippie.  “No, no, no I don’t.  These bombs are fake.  They’re collective-bottled wine and dairy co-op cheese wrapped together with hemp rope.  Not a bomb at all.”
“My only choice is to kill them all before they can set off the explosives!” shouted Duke.
“Wait!” said the hippie.  “Stop!  It’s not a bomb!”
“It’s not a blam?”
“I didn’t say blam—”
“BLAM,” said Duke’s revolver.  “BLAM! BLAM!”
“Doctor Coplawyer!” Ken Goodspeed said into his phone.  He had arrived to see Duke dispatching all of the hippies except the unconscious woman.  “He’s just killing them all. And I’m pretty sure they’re not related to the plot.  They’re just hippies, here to be murdered gratuitiously! And they don’t have any bombs!”
“Any blams?” Duke called.
“I didn’t say—”
“BLAM BLAM BLAM,” said Duke, still shooting hippies.
“Put me up to his head,” ordered Coplawyer.
Goodspeed ran over and put the phone to Duke Manfist’s ear.  “Duke,” said Coplawyer, “you are going to get Secret Headquarters sued with this inappropriate violence.  I must ask that—”
“What’s that?” asked Duke.  “No, I’m not thirsty, Gerard Butler!” He slapped the phone to the floor.  Goodspeed grabbed his own hand and looked pained.
“This is not Gerard Butler,” said Coplawyer from the floor.
“Squeeeeeeooooooshhhhhhblarglblarglblargl,” said Duke through pursed lips.  “You’re breaking up, Doc,” said Manfist.  “Must have something to do with the signal not getting through Goodspeed’s butt.”
“My what?” said Goodspeed, suddenly horrified.
“Let me put this phone with that probe thing Coplawyer gave you,” said Duke Manfist, scooping up an object from the floor.  He grabbed Goodspeed by the neck and pushed the man’s face into the linoleum.  “You shouldn’t have punched me, Ken,” he growled.  “And you punch like a girl, by the way.”
“Noooo!” screamed Goodspeed, attempting to clench his back-parts together.
“’Fraid so,” said Duke Manfist.
“Squeeeeeeooooooshhhhhhblarglblarglblargl “ said Goodspeed.
“Would you two chaps like a moment alone?” said James Bland boringly from the doorway.
“Get lost, Austin Powers,” said Duke.  “This is American business.”
 “WAIT!” Goodspeed shouted desperately, struggling to his feet and pulling his pants back in place.  He shifted uncomfortably and pointed to a smartphone on the floor. “THAT is my phone right there!  And if that’s my phone...”
“I think you’ll find,” said James Bland, “That one of those bombs was actually a real one, not a fake.  Hippies can be very dangerous.  All of the bombs were fake except the last one, which was actually a pipe bomb filled with fuel-oil-fertilizer explosive mixture.  Manufactured domestically at their coop, I might add.  You would know these things if you bothered to any of the work that—”
Duke’s head lolled.  He stopped fake-snoring after a moment and said, “Bored now.  Seriously, seriously bored.”
“But,” said Bland.  “I’m telling you that you’ve just picked up a live explosive and, er, jammed it in you’r partner’s—”
“Heh,” interrupted Duke Manfist.  “Butt.”
“He just said I have a REAL bomb up my—” began Goodspeed.
“Not my fault,” said Duke Manfist.
“WHOOOSH,” said Ken Goodspeed.  “FWOOOM! KERBLAMMMMM!”
Duke Manfist stood, his hands on his hips, as he was showered by wet particles of Ken Goodspeed.  When the explosion’s echo had faded from the interior of the War Memorial, he took a monogrammed handkerchief from his pocket, took off his unlicensed Ray-Ban style sunglasses, and cleaned the lenses.
“I could have played that guy,” complained LeVar Burton.
“And you’d have gotten scale, Reading Rainbow,” Duke Manfist retorted angrily.  “Now get lost.”
Burton got.
James Bland was still standing within the corona of the exploded Ken Goodspeed.  His face was red with blood that was not his own.
“How are you at pumping gas, Piers Morgan?” asked Duke.
James Bland fled. 

THIS STILL AIN’T OVER...

 Part 6: And All The Beads We Made By Hand
“I am Ken who Speeds Well,” said Ken Goodspeed.  He wore his hair in braids and had on a fringed leather vest over his work shirt.  A spirit bag hung from his neck.
“You’re Ken Goodspeed,” said Duke Manfist, watching the taxi that had delivered Ken disappear around the corner of the block.
“My ancestors would not be pleased to know I have forsaken my family name,” said Ken ominously.  “I must perform the rite of—”
“My last partner performed the Rite of Buttsplosion,” said Duke.  “Maybe I’ll show it to you.”  With a sigh he said, “Come on, new Ken.  I’m hungry.  We’re supposed to be staking out this Gordo’s,” he jerked his impossibly cleft chin at the downtown Gordo’s “restaurant” before which they stood, “so I might as well get something here.”
A man dressed as a ninja and wreathed in flame ran past, trailing smoke.
“A foul omen!” said Goodspeed.
“That happens,” said Duke.  “A lot.”
“The spirits in this place are dark indeed.”
“That’s the Hamwiches,” said Duke.  “Popular item.  Ham stacked on ham with more ham in between.  People love ‘em.”
“People are mad,” said Goodspeed quietly.
Duke made his way to the counter.  “I’ll have the bacon-on-a-stick,” he said, without trying to read the indecipherable menu.
“A BOAS2460?” asked the kid behind the counter.
“Bacon,” said Duke.  “On a stick.”
“We have wood stick and meat stick,” said the kid.
“You’ve got what and what with the what now?”
“You can have the bacon on a wooden stick,” said the teenager, “or you can have the bacon on a cylindrical piece of beef jerky that, for legal reasons, we don’t call a Slim Jim.”
“That second one.”
“Coming right up, sir.”
“BLAM!” said someone behind them.
“What’s that, Ken?” asked Duke, whose face was now speckled with Ken Goodspeed, because Goodspeed had just been shot through the back of the head.
An attractive over-eighteen-year-old girl, who had been in the process of fainting when she saw Duke, now fainted from fear as the corpse of Ken Goodspeed hit the floor.
Duke Manfist turned.  A man in an olive-drab Army Field jacket, holding an automatic rifle with a scope attached to it, was standing in the doorway of the Gordo’s.  He wore fatigue pants tucked into combat boots, much as Duke Manfist did.  His eyes were sunken and wild, his face drawn.
“Okay,” said Duke.  “I’ll give.  Who’re you?”
“That,” said Coplawyer from the phone in Duke’s other pocket, “is Buck Marion, the famous mercenary for hire known as The Exsanguinator.  He was Special Forces until the mob shot his parents in the head.  Now, on an eternal quest for vengeance he can never quite fulfill, he shoots all his enemies, victims, and even friends with perfectly placed headshots.  He holds the Guinness World Record for headshots, in fact. He specializes in political assassinations.”
“I never miss,” said the Exsanguinator.
“That’s nice,” said Duke.  He paused to take out the phone.  “Ken’s dead, incidentally.”
“I assumed as much,” said Coplawyer.
“Where are you getting these Goodspeeds, anyway?” asked Duke.  “These last few have been real jerktards.”
“We’ve gone back to using the temp agency,” said Coplawyer.  “Speaking of which, do not sign any time cards unless I or Mtumba specifically—”
Duke tossed the phone over the Gordo’s front counter and into the deep-fryer.  As he was leaving the “restaurant,” Marion called after him, “STOP RIGHT THERE!  I WILL DESTROY GORDO’S.”
“Dial it back, Dirty Harry,” said Duke, and left the “restaurant.”
Duke was climbing into his HUMWAY when the image of his face in the side-view mirror took a bullet between the eyes.
“I was aiming for your mirror!” screamed Buck Marion.  “I have no idea why I must destroy Gordo’s!”
“Whatever murders your Sarah Connor, Terminator,” said Duke.  He pulled out of the driveway and headed on down the road.
The Exsanguinator pursued in an elaborate RV bearing the vanity plates “DOOM WAGON.”    As Duke drove along leisurely, Buck Marion fired rockets and machine guns at him, destroying a mailbox, a mailman, a taxicab, and a newsstand in that order.
“I meant to shoot those!” screamed Buck Marion out his window.  “I was shooting a hole in the head of a politician on the cover of one of the magazines!”
“A newsstand?” asked Duke.  “Why don’t we just drive through a plate of glass carried by a couple of plate glass delivery guys, then crush a fruit wagon full of melons or oranges?
The HUMWAY crashed through a plate of glass being carried by a pair of plate glass delivery guys.  Careening into a side street, it thundered through an open street market, smashing carts and wagons full of watermelons and oranges.
“I hate you,” Duke Manfist told the narrator.
“Still here,” said Coplawyer from the dash.
“I hate you, too,” said Duke.  “Hang on.”
Duke hauled the wheel to the side and took the HUMWAY to the front of a convention hall.  A banner out front proclaimed the event for the day.  “POLITICAL CONVENTION,” it read.  “LOCAL ISSUES DISCUSSED. PROMISES MADE.  BABIES KISSED.  FAVORS CURRIED. PANTS MANDATORY.”
“Duke!” shouted Coplawyer from the dash.  “No!  The Exsanguinator specializes in murdering politicians!  There’s no telling how much damage he might do!”
“Yeah,” Duke said.  “Whatever we do, we wouldn’t want a bunch of politicians knocked off.  Think of the drop in governmental productivity.”
Coplawyer muttered something that sounded like, “No, I’m not thirsty, Gerard Butler.”
“What?”
“Nothing,” said Coplawyer.  “I withdraw my objection.”
“I thought you might.”
Duke parked the HUMWAY, which by now was getting dangerously low on gas.  He walked over to the convention center, waited for Buck Marion’s Doom Wagon to pull up, and then made sure the mercenary saw him enter the building.
Duke Manfist walked into the convention hall.  Men with their ties at half-mast and their sleeves rolled up were chasing female interns in circles around the booths and displays.  At least half of them weren’t wearing pants.  Three of every four of them was drunk.  Duke smelled whiskey, baby powder, and political capital.  He wasn’t sure what political capital was, but he thought he knew what it smelled like.  It smelled nutty and hairy, like road kill slathered in Nutella.  In the same way that jet fuel smelled purple.
“Excuse me, sir?” asked a drunken politician.  “Are you all right? You were just standing there as if thinking about what things smell like.  Were you having a flashback sequence?”
Duke Manfist blinked.  “Huh?  Oh.  I dunno.  Maybe.  Hard to say.  I got some brain blammage.  Comes from holding my breath too long.”
“Vote for me?”
“Who are you?” asked Duke.
“Why, I’m your Congressman.”
“You are?” asked Duke.
“No,” said the man, hanging his head.  “I just enjoy taking off my pants at conventions.”  He slunk away.
“Too... many... deserving... of... murder...” said Buck Marion, who had fallen to his knees just inside the convention hall entrance.
“Oh, hey, Squirrel of Vengeance,” said Duke.  He walked over, plucked the rifle from Buck Marion’s gnarled fists, and broke it in half, tossing the pieces away.  Then he pushed over the Exsanguinator with two fingers and climbed on his chest, ready to punch the mercenary into pudding.
“You got one chance,” said Duke.  “Tell me who sent you to mess with Gordo’s, and with me, and I’ll drag you outta here before your vengeance-soaked brain overloads.”
“Gllmmmppphhhh,” said the Exsanguinator.
“What’s that?  Speak up, GI Schmo.”
“Redmond... Terwilliger...” said the Exsanguinator.  “Told me to watch... Told me to watch the... DVD... It’s... It’s in... two... two...”
“What? What?” asked Duke.
“In... the butt...” said Buck Marion reflexively.
Duke Manfist tried not to laugh.  “No, seriously.”
“Look in two... two... seven....” said the Exsanguinator, who then died, mostly because Duke Manfist was kneeling on his chest with all his weight.
“Not my fault,” said Duke. 

WE’RE NOT THERE YET...



Part 7: Let Me Hear Your Body Talk
“Closer!” screamed the Cursed Hand.  “Bring the camera closer!”
His two nearly identical henchmen, the craggy-faced, husky Crotch Punchington and the equally craggy faced, husky, but pony-tailed martial artist F.F. McArmbreaker, hurried to obey.  Redmond W. Terwilliger, their villainous employer, had been screaming at them all morning, trying desperately to film the final portion of the next DVD in his exercise series, “Cursed Fitness.”
Redmond W. Terwilliger was known to most as the Cursed Hand because his right hand was nine times the size of a normal, human fist, not to mention made of burnished supernatural lead.  The hand was so powerful that it could crush a bowling ball to powder, punch a hole into another dimension, enable Terwilliger to travel through time — the curse that had created the hand had, after all, traveled through time to reach him — and splatter an enemy with one blow, reducing even the most powerful opponents to the consistency of rice pudding. 
Except that Terwilliger couldn’t lift it.
The cursed fist that was the source of his power had been growing since the day his hand was, you know, cursed.  And given that Redmond W. Terwilliger had always been physically enfeebled — he had been built like an understuffed scarecrow crafted in the image of an anorexic Russell Brand after a crash diet while living in Ethiopia even as a teenager, when a young Duke Manfist had bullied him in gym class and set him on the path of super-villainy — he had never really been able to move the hand around, a problem that was only getting worse.  As he stood, pinned to the floor of his makeshift gymnasium studio, trying to do jumping jacks with only one arm and while unable to jump, he was forced to settle for a kind of mid-air spasm in which he shook his legs and waved one arm over his balding head.  His silk kimono billowed about him as he spoke to the camera.
“And.... three more,” he hissed, trying to smile.  “Two more... One more... and that’s the set.”  He collapsed in a puddle of sweat next to his cursed hand, his arm and shoulder killing him.  McArmbreaker and Punchington looked at each other and started to back away.
“Don’t you two go anywhere,” Terwilliger said.  “I want to reshoot the stomach crunches from this morning.”
McArmbreaker paled.  Doing crunches necessitated holding the Cursed Hand’s cursed hand in McArmbreaker’s lap, lifting as Terwilliger tried to come up with each crunch.  It was a situation that pleased nobody, but was preferable (at least to Terwilliger) to having Crotch Punchington perform the same duty.  Punchington suffered from a mental disorder that made him unable to perform any martial arts technique that did not involve groins — others’ groins, or his own.  The Cursed Hand was not eager to put even his burnished lead fist in Punchington’s lap, given that he had secured Punchington’s lifelong loyalty by striking him in the balls with it once.  It was all just too weird.
“Water,” demanded Terwilliger.  McArmbreaker brought him a water bottle and placed it carefully in his left hand.  The Cursed Hand chugged the water and then tried, desperately, to crush the bottle in his non-human fist.
“Sir?” asked McArmbreaker.
Terwilliger nodded.  McArmbreaker took the empty water bottle, crushed it, and handed it back to him.  Terwilliger hurled the crushed water bottle a full two feet from himself.  He was panting from the effort when the half-crushed bottle rolled back to his feet.
“Is the next batch of applicants here?” Terwilliger asked.  He could feel his rage rising.  He was going to need a session in the Outrage Room soon.  The Outrage Room was a special area in his lair in which he kept breakable items and VHS tapes of Duke Manfist, his hated enemy.  He would watch the tapes and smash vases and plates until his anger was spent.
It did not help that Duke Manfist had banged his mother.
“AAArrrgggghhh!” he shouted suddenly, his face flushing.  McArmbreaker poured out another bottle of water on the floor, crushed the bottle, and dutifully handed it to Terwilliger, who tossed it with a grunt that would have made a female tennis player proud.  He managed a three foot toss, that time.
Crotch Punchington’s pocket began to play the song “Balls to the Wall.”  He took out the iPhone, rubbed it against his crotch, and checked the caller ID.  Then he offered the phone to Terwilliger.
“I really wish you would stop doing that,” said the Cursed Hand.  “Honestly.”
Punchington shrugged.  Terwilliger made a disgusted noise and snatched the phone from him.  “Yes!” he said.
“He’s going to kill us one day if you keep that up,” McArmbreaker whispered to Punchington.
“If Duke Manfist doesn’t blow us up first,” said Punchington.  Both men shuddered.  They looked enough alike to be twins which, coincidentally, they were.  While McArmbreaker affected a gold metallic mumu and a ponytail, in keeping with his martial Buddhist aspirations, Punchington wore a dirty white t-shirt, jeans, steel-toed boots, and a leather biker jacket.  Both men had been blown up by a clever bomb sent to them in components at Christmastime, which detonated when the pair had lunch together.  They had spent the next few months in the hospital.
“No,” said the Cursed Hand into the telephone.  “I mean, yes, proceed with the plan, but no, I do not require any more Slim Mints.  And no Fuzzy Wuzzingtons or Red Macadamia Clusters, either.   ...What?  Very well.  A single additional box of Slim Mints.  Yes.  Good-bye.”
He hung up.
“Bring in the next applicant,” he ordered.  “We will finish the video this evening.”
McArmbreaker breathed a sigh of relief.  He went to the double doors of the lair’s great hall, opened them, and motioned for the next assassin.
The Cursed Hand had, using his pink iPhone, issued a call on the international classified site Gregslist.  He had asked for assassins to respond to his lair, giving the address for the audition.  He had received forty responses from assassins, three responses from people who wanted his new fitness DVD, several hundred spam/overpost warnings, and fully three hundred twenty-one offers of sex, some of which might even have been offers for sex and not ploys to murder him by drawing him in with offers of sex.  Gregslist was effective in that way.  Almost none of the last ten percent of its users were sexual predators and cannibal murderers.  Not like the first ninety percent of its registered accounts.  No, you could count on most of that last ten percent.
The next assassin walked in.
“I am now going to tell you, unnecessarily, my plan,” said The Cursed Hand.  “Mostly for purposes of exposition.”  He looked questioningly to McArmbreaker, who gave him two thumbs up.  The henchman had been coaching Terwilliger on these matters.
“ I realized something, non-descript assassin applicant,” said Terwilliger.  “When all of my plans for world domination failed previously, it occured to me that I could still conquer the world if I could put myself in a position to tell people what to eat, how to exercise... how to live.  I tried to destroy Gordo’s before, but to no avail, because I left out a crucial component.  It is not enough to destroy the food people love, the food that is so bad for him.  I must give them an alternative.  I must give them a strong leader.  I must give them... CURSED FITNESS.”
The assassin applicant held his hand parallel to the ground and waggled it back and forth.
Terwilliger continued as if he had not seen.    “But even when Cursed Fitness is a huge hit, even when the ninjas and pirates and other ne’er-do-wells I have sent to destroy Gordo’s have, in fact, destroyed Gordo’s, that is not enough.  I must see to it the one man capable of opposing me—”
A man, dressed as a ninja and wreathed in flame, ran through the great hall, trailing smoke. He opened the double doors and disappeared into the anteroom.
Terwilliger sighed.  Upstairs from the great hall, he could hear his mother swooning over that wretched Duke Manfist, probably because she had heard Redmond mention the man.
“As I was saying,” said Terwilliger angrily.  “I am hiring an army of assassins, through Gregslist, to destroy Duke Manfist.  But first you must pass an audition.  If you can survive sixty seconds with my henchman, Crotch Punchington, you are worthy to face Duke Manfist.  And then I will give you a free copy of my new DVD, ‘Cursed Fitness,’ to watch.  You will not be disappointed.”
“We could have sex first,” said the nondescript assassin.  “There’s almost no chance I would murder you and steal your wallet.”
“Hi-yahhhhhh!” screamed Crotch Punchington, leaping in front of the assassin.
The assassin threw a punch.  Crotch Punchington blocked the punch with his groin.
“Oh YEAAAHHH,” he said, his voice as deep and mellifluous as that of the Kool-Aid man breaking through a wall.
The punching and groin-blocking went on for an hour.  Finally, the nondescript assassin, his hands swollen and red, collapsed from lack of blood flow to the rest of his body.
“Unworthy,” said Terwilliger.
“He survived sixty seconds,” said McArmbreaker.
“And then lost.”
“After an hour,” said McArmbreaker.
“I hate to disturb Crotch when he’s having fun,” said Terwilliger.  “He has so little.”
“Could be worse,” said McArmbreaker.
“He could be LeVar Burton,” nodded Terwilliger.  “Very well.  Show him the DVD and dispatch the assassin.”
“Uh,” said Crotch Punchington, rubbing his groin on the assassin’s shoulder and then checking his pulse.  “This guy’s dead.”
“Then un-dispatch him,” said Terwilliger.  “And send in the next one.  And stop doing that thing where you rub your junk on a dead body.”
“Yes sir.”
“Soon,” said Redmond W. Terwilliger, steepling the fingers of his left hand with imaginary air-fingers, as he could not move his heavy right hand.  “Soon, I will have my revenge.”
The great hall echoed with the Cursed Hand’s maniacal laughter as the camera panned out.  You know, like, all the way outside, so you’re looking at the lair building but you can still see the laughter, as if it’s just that loud, except nobody outside can hear it, because that would be weird.
“Mwah ha ha ha,” said the Cursed Hand. 

IT’S STILL MUCH FARTHER, PAPA SMURF...


Part 8: From Glen to Glen and Down the Mountain Side
“Sure and I don’t see how we’re going to catch the bad guys just sitting here waiting, don’t you know,” said Ken Goodspeed.  “By all the saints,” he added.
Duke Manfist sighed.
It had been a very long day full of sitting in the South Side Gordo’s, a “restaurant” notorious for the terrible neighborhood in which it was situated.  Duke’s new Ken Goodspeed was part of an INTERPOL exchange program.  Apparently Ireland had a Special Intelligence service.  Who knew?  Ken was on interagency loan, according to Doctor Coplawyer, and had been Irishing up the joint since a Secret Headquarters helicopter had dropped him off shortly before dawn.
“Sure and I wish we’d be having some action, gosh and begora,” said Ken into his Gordo’s Large Coffee, Guaranteed Contains Almost No Beef Fat.
Duke sighed again.  He winked at a hot chick in the next booth. She blushed, put her hand to her mouth, and fainted.  Manfist turned back to Goodspeed.
“Hey Lucky Charms,” he said. “We get it.”
“Och, what do you mean, boyo?”
“You’re foreign.  We get it.  Stop beating it into the ground.”
“I’m sure and I don’t know what you mean.”
Duke gulped down the last of his coffee.  “Coplawyer,” he said.
“Who?” Goodspeed asked.
“Yes?” said Doctor Coplawyer’s voice. Duke reached across the table, grabbed Goodspeed by the throat, and pulled.  As Ken struggled, Duke reached into Goodspeed’s shirt pocket and removed the Secret Headquarters smartphone he found there.
“You’re kidding with this one, right?” asked Duke.
Coplawyer did not even pretend he had not been listening in the entire time.  “I wish I were, Duke,” said Coplawyer.  “As you can imagine, Secret Headquarters has developed something of a reputation among the other agencies.  It is my suspicion that they send us those personnel whom they believe they would be better off without.”
“So they loaned us Fibber McGee here hoping he’d get whacked?”
“It would not surprise me,” said Coplawyer.  “I had a devil of a time just getting through his paperwork.  Every other sentence is, “Sure and you’ll be wanting to know I’m Irish,’ and such.  It does grate on the nerves.”
“I’ll say,” said Duke.
“Ktththhhhhhhhh,” said Goodspeed, turning a shade of violent-purple that Duke, who spent a great deal of time choking people and exploring the forefront of the new colors they turned, had long ago named “vorple.”
“Can you see Colin Ferrell there on that phone camera whatchamathinger?”
“I can,” said Coplawyer.  “And may I say, Duke, that is a lovely shade of vorple.”
“I know, right?” said Duke.  “Like a sunset.”  He released Goodspeed, who collapsed back in his seat and panted like a derogatory metaphor, even though technically, when you use the word “like,” it’s a simile and not a metaphor.
The door to the Gordo’s slammed open and a gang of portly knife-wielding thugs entered.
“Uh oh,” said Duke.  “Gotta go, pencil-neck.  My seven-thirty ass-kicking is here.”  He snapped the phone in two and threw the pieces at Goodspeed, whose vorple hue had faded to a pleasant blorange.
“Sure and your no son of mine,” Goodspeed gasped angrily.
Duke turned to face the attackers.
A ninja, wreathed in flame and trailing smoke, ambled past, waved, and continued on without hurrying.
The gang began gesturing at the crowd of Gordo’s customers with their knives.  Several people screamed.  Duke braced himself for the spray of blood that always came after screams like that, lowering his unlicensed Ray-Ban sunglasses on his face.  He was shocked, then, when that did not occur.  As he raised his glasses once more, he saw the gang of overweight, camouflage-fatigue-wearing men making elaborate patterns in the air with their blades, but not actually touching anyone.
“Uh,” said Duke.
An enormous man wearing urban camouflage fatigues, a matching balaclava mask, smoked goggles, and an oversized pair of dog tags around his neck waddled in, huffing and puffing.  He paused with his hands on his hips, making sure that everyone could see the half-dozen knives holstered on his belt and in shoulder harnesses under his arms.
“Sure and that’s Captain Cutter O’Knifenson,” Goodspeed whispered hoarsely.  “The world’s most famous knife-fighting instructor.”
“That’s a thing?” Duke Manfist asked.  He turned back to O’Knifenson.
“I,” said Cutter O’Knifenson, “am Captain Cutter O’Knifenson.”
“Yeah, we got that, Cuisinart,” said Duke.  “Welcome to ten seconds ago.”
“O’Knifenson paused and stared into space as if speaking to a camera that wasn’t there.  He held up a DVD case that bore a picture of him in camouflage battle fatigues brandishing a wickedly curved knife in each hand, his face covered in stripes of camouflage paint.
“Where were you hiding that?” Duke asked.  “You weren’t holding it a minute ago. And how long have you had your own ship?”
“I don’t,” said O’Knifenson.  “That was ‘Captain’ as in military rank.”
“But you’re not in the military.  You’ve never been in the military.  It shows.”
O’Knifenson shook his oversized dog-tags at Duke.  “Ahem,” he said.
“No thanks,” said Duke.  “I’m not thirsty, Gerard Butler. And those are novelty dog tags you buy out of a vending machine.”
“I am Captain Cutter O’Knifenson—”
“Captain of what?” Duke persisted.  “What are you a Captain in?  The Salvation Army?  A loosely confederated guild of like-minded warriors who share a multi-user online video game?  Spain?  What?”
“Buy my 21-part knife-fighting series, which focuses on how to take out enemy sentries,” said O’Knifenson desperately.
“Uh,” said Duke again.  “Why?”
“Because I am the world’s foremost expert on knife combat,” said O’Knifenson, sounding confused and hurt.  “Everybody knows that.”
“You weigh at least 400 pounds,” said Duke.  “Your buddies look like a bunch of Sumo wrestlers whose bus broke down.”
“Physical fitness is not required for prowess in the blade!” O’Knifenson hissed.
“Sure, Betty,” said Duke.  “But why do you need to sell those DVDs?”
“So that people can learn to take out sentries.  I just said that.”
“Right,” said Duke.  “But why?  If I’m a Captain in the Army, or Admiral of Starfleet, or Major in the Internet Military or whatever, those guys are gonna teach me how to kill sentries because it’s, like, the for-reals military.”
“Civilians can benefit from these skills—”
“Seriously?” Duke interrupted.  “Since when?  How many sentries does the average goober have to knife before breakfast?  ‘Good thing I know how to take out sentries, ‘cause this was the most heavily guarded bank I’ve ever had to make a deposit in on payday.’  Have you ever even had to stab a guy?”
“I have this ballistic knife,” said Cutter O’Knifenson, drawing the weapon from a pouch on his elaborate web gear and waving it in equally elaborate patterns through the air.  “Genuine Soviet Surplus.  Very rare.”
“Not my point,” said Duke.  “Have you ever stabbed a guy.  Cut a throat.  Punctured a gut.  Poked a sentry in the subclarnickle artery.”
“Subclavian,” O’Knifenson corrected.  “Of course not,” he said.  “Do you know how expensive these knives are?  I paid—”
“So you’ve never actually used a knife on somebody.”
“My trained fellow blade-men and I know a total of thirty-five pattern drills based on the Filipino art of—”
“Hey, Macarena!” exclaimed Duke, slapping O’Knifenson’s knife hand with his own ham-sized palms.  The ballstic knife clattered onto the table in front of Goodspeed.
“You can’t—” began O’Knifenson.
Duke Manfist put up one hand in the universal “hold on a moment” gesture.  O’Knifenson stopped, throwing Duke a quizzical glance.  Duke jerked his chin at Goodspeed.  O’Knifenson and his knife-wielding pals watched as Goodspeed picked up the ballistic knife.
“Wait for it,” said Duke.
“Sure and I TWHIP! CHUNK! GAAAAKKKKKKPHHHHHTHHLLGRBLLLbblllll....” said Goodspeed, accidentally firing the knife, which sprang from its gnurled housing and buried itself in his neck.  He sprayed blood across the dining room, coating Duke Manfist’s not-Ray-Bans.
“There it is,” said Duke.
O’Knifenson looked horrified.  “You just ruined its collector value!”
“BLAM!” said Duke’s revolver.  “BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM.”  Duke paused and reloaded.  “BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM.”
“Isn’t that typical of Ugly Americans,” said James Bland uninterestingly, stepping over the rotund just-now-corpse of Cutter O’Knifenson.  He straightened his tie and regarded Duke Manfist.  “You realize what this means, don’t you?”
“Why don’t you fill me in, Prince William?”
“These men,” said Bland, indicating the dead, fat, knife-wielding men, “are all knife collectors.”
“Bored now,” said Duke. “So very bored.”
“Hear me out, Agent Manfist,” Bland said.  “Knife collectors all consider themselves knife fighting experts.  Every one of them is always right.  Ask them; they’ll tell you.  It is impossible for such men to cooperate with one another.  It makes utterly no sense that they would coordinate to attack a Gordo’s. Not unless they had some compelling reason to do so.”
“As in hired them to knock over the joint.” Said Duke.  “Or blackmailed them with their internet browsing histories, or something gross like that.”
“Well, yes, actually,” said Bland, sounding pleasantly surprised.  “Perhaps, Agent Manfist, it’s time we worked together to—”
“Whatever beheads your queen, Henry,” Duke said.  “Hold that thought ‘till morning.  I got stuff to do.”  He walked to the woman who had fainted, helped her to her feet, and whispered something to her.  She whispered back, giggling, and Duke slung her over his shoulder.  Then, without another word, he walked out of the Gordo’s.
“Bloody Americans,” said Bland. 

NOT FAR NOW...

Part 9: And Then You Call Me And It’s Not So Bad
“Thank you,” said the girl, whose name was Becky.  “Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.”  She was wearing only one of Duke’s shirts, rocking back and forth in post-coital bliss on one of the hard wooden chairs in Duke’s Spartan kitchen.  Duke, meanwhile, was grilling a steak for breakfast, standing at the stove in only his red-hearts-and-polka-dots-covered boxer shorts and an apron bearing the slogan, “The Spice Must Flow.” 
“I get that a lot,” said Duke.  As he grilled, he watched out the window of his suburban home, which overlooked the back yard.  His Tyrannosaurus Rex and his jumping Patagonian death spider were chasing each other around the lawn again, trading a red rubber ball back and forth between them.  He smiled.
“You’re just... you’re just... you’re just so amazing,” Becky said.
“It’s actually not me,” said Duke, flipping the steak over in the frying pan and pausing to pour a healthy slug of Jack Daniels on it.  He took a gulp from the bottle, tilted his head back, gargled, and then spat the whiskey into the pan.  “Pencil-neck, that’s Coplawyer from Secret Headquarters, he explained it to me once.  He says I got fear moans.”
“Pheromones?” asked Becky, doing her best to fix her hair as she watched the muscles of Duke’s back.
“Yeah, probably those too,” said Duke.  “He said my all-meat diet, combined with the adrenaline of doing action hero stuff every day, creates the fur ozones that I give off, which is why chicks dig me.”
“I dig you,” said Becky, nodding furiously.  She fainted.  Duke reached over and propped her up, then snapped his fingers under her nose until she woke up again.
Manfist flipped the switch on his coffee maker, which began spraying his quadruple-strength brew across the pitted countertop.  Smoke rose from the areas the coffee touched, where it was dissolving the Formica.
“You want some breakfast?” Duke asked.
“I wouldn’t mind going back to bed,” said Becky.
Duke grinned.  “Yeah, I know.  Come on, babe, I got work stuff to do.”  He helped a grateful Becky out of her chair, swatted her on her perfectly shaped behind, and stuffed a pile of her clothes in her arms.  Leading her to the front door, he opened it and gave her a gentle shove.  “It’s a really short walk to the bus stop,” he said.  “Three blocks down, two over.  Can’t miss it. Might want to put on pants before you get there.”
“Thank you,” said Becky.  “Thank you. Thank—”
Duke closed the door.
He paused in the kitchen long enough to wolf down breakfast and fill his stainless steel coffee mug. Then he put on his red-and-white-striped bathrobe, with the field of blue and cluster of white stars over the lapels, and went out onto the front porch. There he breathed in the crisp morning air... which smelled of smoke and burning hair.
“Aaaarrrrggghhhh,” screamed the ninja, who ran across Duke’s front lawn, still on fire.  The flaming ninja disappeared at the end of the block, turning left where Becky had turned right.
Just as Duke went back inside, the doorbell rang.  He opened the door again to discover a trio of Princess Pioneers.  The twelve-year-old girls looked up at him in their green uniforms and smiled.
“Would you like to buy some Princess Pioneer cookies?” asked one.
“They’re really good,” said another.
“And almost none of them are filled with horse tranquilizer,” said the third.
“I could go for some Slim Mints, sure,” said Duke.  “Lemme get my wallet.”
“That’s okay,” said the first girl.  “If you just turn around we’ll hit you with a lead-filled sap and knock you unconscious because you’re too trusting of our innocence.”
“Okay,” said Duke, chuckling.  Kids today.  He turned his back to the three girls.  “But I gotta warn you, if you knock me out this chapter’s gonna be really short—”

MORE TO GO YET...

	

Part 10: Never Knew No Good From Bad
Duke Manfist’s robe fell open as soon as he woke up.  Immediately, several middle-aged women collapsed about him.  They had fainted.  Scattered through the room were several dusty pieces of exercise equipment.
He looked down to see that he had been tied to a folding chair.  Apparently the Princess Pioneers really had knocked him out, and for some reason had dropped him off in an abandoned gym full of overweight broads. 
“Self-esteem,” read a motivational poster on the wall, “is everyone’s right.”
 “Holy crap,” said Duke Manfist.  “This is a Buttocks, isn’t it?  I’m in Buttocks.”
Buttocks was an incredibly successful chain of women-only pseudo-gyms.  In these small, carpeted storefronts, the exclusively female clientele were fed a steady stream of self-help affirmations, approval, and validation.  As a result of all that self-esteem, none of the customers actually lost weight, much less spent any time working out.  But Buttocks made them feel better about themselves, which was what was really important.  Using this commercial strategy, Buttocks had become a multi-million-dollar business.  There was a Buttocks in every strip mall in the NorthEast.
The Buttocks customers around him were dressed in a mismatched collection of sweatsuits, yoga pants strained to the breaking point, and even some spandex workout gear.  As Duke watched, the women formed a semi-circle around him.  One of them was holding a laptop in one hand and foot-long sandwich in the other.  She took a healthy bite of sandwich and switched on the laptop’s voice over IP connection.
“What’s that, some kinda video chat?” Duke asked.
“VOIP!” belched the woman with the sandwich.
“Right,” said Duke.
On the screen, the Cursed Hand appeared.
“Duke Manfist, my hated enemy!” said Redmond W. Terwilliger.  He tried to shake his cursed hand at Duke, but could not move it, and was forced to settle for wagging his tiny balled left fist.
“Hey Redmond,” said Duke.  “’Sup?”
“What is ‘’sup,’ as you so crudely put it,” said Redmond W. Terwilliger, “is that I have finally managed to exploit your weaknesses in order to destroy you utterly.”
“You’ve what the what with my what now?”
“Do you know that in the last two years, Manfist, I have sent no less than six hundred and twenty-four ninja, forty-seven freelance assassins, two Mormon missionaries, and twenty-one killer robots to your home in an effort to remove you from the face of the planet?”
“I don’t math—”
“Yes, yes, we’ve all heard it before,” interrupted Terwilliger, his image shaking slightly as the woman holding the laptop vigorously ate her sandwich.  “Everything about you is predictable, Manfist.  That is why I used the Princess Pioneers to kidnap you.  You would never allow one of my hired ninja or thuggee or robots close enough to you to knock you unconscious.  But twelve-year-old girls?  You have no defense against such innocence.”
“How’d you pay ‘em off?” Manfist asked.
“Apparently I have funded their field trips for the next seventy years,” said Terwilliger.  “And I cannot tell you how many Samosa Surprises I have purchased.  Who puts curry in a cookie?”
“Bored now,” said Duke.
“Silence!” said Terwilliger.  “As I was saying.  I know your weakness.  I know the one thing you cannot stand, the one thing that makes you weak, is exhibitions of unmanliness.”
“Uh oh,” said Duke.
“Uh oh is correct!” said Redmond W. Terwilliger.  “Let me ask you, Duke Manfist... have you ever read the website of... Amzterdam Marriott, the celebrity gossip blogger?”
“This is going to suck,” Duke Manfist muttered to himself.
“It most certainly will,” said Terwilliger.  “Ladies of Buttocks, you may proceed with the plan.”
“You’ll have the shipment ready for us by the weekend?” asked the woman with the sandwich.
“Certainly,” said Terwilliger.  “One hundred thousand Whitman Samplers, as we discussed.”
“None of that all soft-centers garbage,” said the woman.
“Of course not.  And I have included more of my complimentary DVDs.  I suggest you watch them.  You will not be disappointed.  And now, ladies,  I will leave you to your task.  I am fully confident that a hastily assembled and ill-trained group of hired civilians are more than capable of executing my hated nemesis.  I see no reason to monitor you as you do so.  Good day.”  He cut the connection, but not before accidentally sharing his desktop over the VoIP link. A series of folders, each containing lurid pornography, was visible.
“That looks uncomfortable,” said Duke Manfist, raising an eyebrow at the thumbnails.
“Where did that man even get a banjo?” asked one of the Buttocks customers.
The screen went black.
“Giant adult diapers aren’t sexy,” said another of the customers.
“Ladies, you aren’t telling me anything I won’t try punch my own brain into forgetting,” said Duke Manfist.
As if reminded of the task at hand, the Buttocks customers stood and came closer to Manfist.  The woman with the laptop began calling up videos on the Amzterdam Marriott blog page.  In the thumbnail image of the video, Marriott, a plump, middle-aged white man with a frosted comb-over and a lazy eye, was wearing a black-and-plaid hipster fedora bearing a knitted German flying cross and boasting an almost non-existent brim.  The three collars of the three polo shirts he wore, all of which were too small for his portly frame, were all “popped.”  He wore pink glitter lipstick on his lips and had rouged his cheeks to a shade of red that was somewhere between “fire engine” and “dock whore.”
“Would you like a non-fat triple sweet mocha latte frizz?” asked one of the Buttocks customers, proffering a paper cup.
“Urggg,” said Duke Manfist.  “Why would I want that?”
“My pink t-shirt has bedazzled pictures of kittens on it,” said another, shoving her chest at him.
“Arrggh!” said Duke Manfist.
“Aarrrggghhh!” said the flaming ninja, trailing smoke.  He had opened the front door of the Buttocks only to see Duke’s predicament.  When the women surrounding Duke glared at him, he mouthed the word, “Sorry” and backed out of the doorway, closing the door quietly behind him.
“And now,” said the woman with the mostly eaten sandwich, “it’s time for Amzterdam Marriott.”  She pressed “play” on the video.
“Lay-deeees,” swished Amzterdam Marriott, waving his hands about as if the tendons in his wrists had been severed.  “Let’s talk about who’s come out, and who’s still in.”
“No! No! NOOOOO!” Duke Manfist screamed.  Blood began to leak from his nose.
“But first,” said Marriott, “one of my faithful boy-toy listeners wants to know whether skinny jeans are in or out after Labor Day—”
“Arrgghhh!” groaned Duke Manfist.  A trickle of crimson leaked from his ears.
“Also in today’s podcast,” said Marriott, “man-scaping.  Do or don’t?  Definitely do.”
“WHARRGARBLLLLLL!” vomited Duke Manfist.  Among the bacon and steak that hit the floor was the incongruous sphere of a hackey-sack beanbag.
“When did you eat a hackey-sack?” asked the woman with the sandwich.
“Are they good?” asked one of the other women.
“Maybe I should try one,” said a third.
“I eat a lot of stuff,” said Duke.  “I can’t remember—”
“So just what was Gerard Butler doing on the beach in St. Tropez, and why did he take his shirt off?”  said Marriott’s recording.
“FWOOOSH,” said Duke, dry-heaving.  One of the Buttocks customers put the damp hackey-sack in his pocket.  “Hey!” he managed.  “I don’t want it back.  Why do you think I ate it in the first place?”
The Amzterdam Marriott video ended.  The woman with the laptop began to cue up Marriott’s Tweeter account.
“NOOOO!” screamed Duke.  “Not pithy 140-character observations!  NOT THAT!”
“Hash-tag RESCUE, senoras,” said Ken Goodspeed as he kicked in the door.  An attractive Hispanic man in jeans and a Secret Headquarters Beach Volleyball t-shirt, Goodspeed struck a pose in the doorway as if holding a gun.  Except that he wasn’t hold a gun.  He was holding a box labeled, “Krispy Dream.”
“Dios mio, partner,” said Goodspeed.  “Looks like you’re in a...sticky situation.  But I’m here to get you out of this taco of a pickle, si?”
“By throwing them a box of donuts?” Duke asked.
“By throwing them a box of donuts, yes,” said Goodspeed.  He opened the box, displaying the baked goods within.  The Buttocks customers turned as one to regard the box in Goodspeed’s hand.
“DONUTS!” screamed one of the woman.  “He’s got DONUTS!”
“GET HIM!” shouted another.
The Buttocks customers swarmed.  Goodspeed was soon buried.  The laptop hit the floor and broke.  Its screen went black.
Duke Manfist sighed in relief.  Free from the unmanly influence of Amzterdam Marriott and the ladies’ torture implements, he snapped the ropes tying him to the chair and rose.  He was surprised to find his revolver still in its holster.
“Okay, ladies,” said Duke, drawing the weapon.  “Am-scray, or I start punching blow-holes in the lot of you.”
There was a lot of screaming and stumbling and crashing about.  When the door finally slammed shut for the last time, Duke Manfist was alone in the Buttocks.  The bloody skeleton of Ken Goodspeed, which bore gnaw-marks and only a few scraps of meat, lay on the floor next to a smartphone.  The smartphone likewise had tooth-marks on it.
“Duke,” said Doctor Coplaywer’s voice from the phone.  “Agent Manfist, come in.”
Duke picked up the phone between two fingers, making a disgusted face.  “How do you keep doing that?” he asked.
“There is a tracking device attached to the back of your skull,” Coplawyer admitted. 
“That?” said Duke.  “I thought that was a deer tick.”
“There is a tracking device attached to the back of your skull next to the deer tick,” said Coplawyer.  “I installed it while you were asleep two weeks ago.”
“Somebody’s going to spend some quality time being chased around Headquarters by a ball-punching robot,” Duke threatened.
“There’s no time for that now,” said Coplawyer.  “You must search the Buttocks for clues.”
“You want me to what?”
“I want you to probe every inch of the Buttocks,” said Coplawyer.  “Look carefully for clues.”
“Whatever massages your ward, Bruce Wayne,” said Duke.  He opened the only closet door visible.  A stack of exercise DVD’s, labeled “Cursed Fitness” and bearing the image of Redmond W. Terwilliger, spilled to the floor.
In the cardboard box in which the DVDs had been stacked, Duke Manfist found a bus station locker key.  The number on the locker key had been filed off.
“Duke?  Did you find anything? Are you still in the Buttocks?” Coplawyer asked. 	“Try checking behind the Buttocks.  Maybe there are clues in the rear.”
“You’re doing that on purpose,” said Duke. 

STAY TUNED FOR MORE...


Part 11: If There’s Something Weird In Your Neighborhood
Doctor Coplawyer, a licensed pilot, choppered in a new Ken Goodspeed with surprising haste.  Ken, now an all-business Caucasian woman in a skirt-and-blazer outfit, was on loan from the CIA.  Given that for some reason the attacks on Gordo’s “restaurants” were now considered urgent, Coplawyer insisted on flying Duke and Goodspeed to the bus station. 
Goodspeed fainted.  Duke helped her up and dusted her off.
“I’ll be all right,” she said.  “I just walked a little too close to your incredibly masculine body.”
“I thought you were, you know.  Into girls.”
“Why would you think that?”
“Because you look like chick from ‘Smiling of the Lambs’ and you’re wearing sensible shoes.”
“I also like girls,” Goodspeed said.
“I like the cut of your giblets, Ken,” said Manfist.
“Jib,” said Goodspeed. “They’re called jibs.”
“Those aren’t bad either,” said Manfist.
“If you two are quite finished,” sighed Coplawyer.  “Which locker do we want?”
“Two-two seven,” said Duke.
“There it is,” said Coplawyer.  “Right across from locker two-two-twelm.”
“Seriously?” asked Duke.
“Yes,” said Coplawyer, pointing at each locker in sequence.  “You see?  Two-two seven, two-two eight, two-two nine, two- two twelm, two-thirty.”
Duke blinked.  “Fine,” he said.  “Twelm is a number.”
Coplawyer looked peevishly triumphant.
“Two-two-seven is the one the Exsanguinator mentioned,” Duke said.  He drew back his mighty fist and smashed the locker door.  It popped open.
“We did have the key,” said Coplawyer.
Another young woman, passing the trio, caught sight of Duke Manfist and fainted.  As she did so, her collapse took her out of the path of a flaming ninja, who ran past screaming with transit police hot on his heels.
“Punks,” said Goodspeed.  “This place is overrun with punks.”
“Little late to the Seventies, aren’t you, Ken?” said Duke.
The locker was full of another stack of Cursed Fitness DVDs.  It also contained a neatly hand-printed map with the note, “So you’ve decided to become a Cursed Hand assassin...”  It contained directions to the Cursed Hand’s lair, with explicit instructions that the DVD must be watched before arriving.  There was a copy of a Gregslist advertisement, too.  Manfist squinted at the map, sounding out the letters it bore.
“Looks like he’s in America’s hat,” said Duke.
“Sir?” asked Goodspeed.
“Canada,” said Duke.
Dun-dun-DUN, said the narrator.
“Well, let’s go,” said Duke.  “The HUMWAY’s parked outside.”
“How can that possibly be?” asked Coplawyer.  “I flew you both here in the helicopter.”
Duke shrugged.  “It does that.”
“Not so fast!” said a voice.
“Here we go again,” sighed Duke.
The figure that strode through the bus station wore a black mask and vividly violet-purple tights.  On his hips were holstered a pair of chromed pistols. Behind him shambled a small army of blank-eyed zombie slaves, who were apparently held in the thrall of the figure’s mind control, for no reason that the narrator or any of the other characters should have known or been able to guess at that point.
“Roll call,” said Duke.  “Which Mousketeer are you?”
“I am the Ghost,” said the man in the vorple tights.  “I am from the Dark Continent, where I learned to communicate with wild animals and command the weak-willed with mind control powers and chemicals.”
“The dark continent of Africa?” Coplawyer asked.
“Australia,” corrected the Ghost.  “There I became a witch doctor.”  He raised his hands above his head.  “I will turn you all into zombies!”
“Ooh eee,” said Duke Manfist, sounding bored.  “Oooh, ah ah. Ting tang, wallah wallah bing-bang.”
The Ghost looked stricken.  “How... how do you know the secret chant?”
“No takers, Nancy,” said Duke, whose stepped up to the Ghost and side-kicked him in the kneecap.  The Ghost screamed and collapsed at Duke’s feet.
“We’re supposed to have a glorious battle!” whined the Ghost.  He held up his right fist.  On it, a silver skull-ring glittered.  “By the power of—”
“Shaddap,” said Duke, kicking him in the face.  “By the power of Grayskull, I declare this ‘kick-your-nads-up-into-your-teeth day’ at the bus stop.”
“Aaaaahh!” screamed Goodspeed.
Duke and Coplawyer turned.  One of the zombies had bitten Goodspeed in the shoulder.
“Uh oh,” said Duke.  “I know what happens next.  I seen zombie movies before.”
“Night of the Living Dead?” asked Coplawyer.
“Britney Spears’ ‘Crossroads,’” said Duke.  He gestured to Goodspeed.  “She’s gonna turn into a zombie.  We gotta help her.”
“I fear,” said Coplawyer, that she is infected with the zombie plague—”
“Sorry, baby,” said Duke, and shot Goodspeed through the head.
“BLAM!” said Duke’s revolver.
“—For which there is probably a cure in my laboratory,” finished Coplawyer.  He stopped and looked down at the shot-through-the-forehead corpse of Ken Goodspeed.
“Still here,” said the Ghost.
“You be quiet,” said Duke.  “Wait, scratch that.  You be really loud for a second, then be quiet.”  He holstered his gun, reached down, and twisted the Ghost’s head completely around on the man’s neck.
“SNAP,” said the Ghost, really loudly.  “CRACKLE. POP.”
Duke grinned.  Coplawyer rolled his eyes.  “We should go,” said Coplawyer.
“I’ll drive,” said Duke.  “You pump gas.”
The zombies walked quietly away, staring at the ceiling of the bus station and whistling tunelessly, hoping no one would notice them.
Coplawyer and Duke drove in silence for some time as the HUMWAY assault vehicle carried them to the Canadian border.  Coplawyer, uncomfortable with the quiet, began searching for a radio station to listen to.  He stopped when he discovered the Cursed Hand giving an interview to the Ralph Taciturn radio show on an Ottawa station.
“He’s gone completely public with the exercise program,” Coplawyer said, surprised.
“He sounds lame even when you can’t see him,” said Duke.
 “SHOW US YOUR BOOBS!” hooted Ralph Taciturn.
“I am trying to promote my exercise DVDs,” said the Cursed Hand from Ralph Taciturn’s radio studio.  “You have done nothing but insult me and ask me inappropriate questions for an hour and a half now.”
“How many times do you touch your junk every day?” Taciturn shouted.  “Do you use the big metal hand to do it?  Is that weird?  Should I get a big metal hand?  What do you think, Roberta?”
“Oh, Ralph,” said Roberta in a Jamaican accent.  “You so crazy.”
Those five words, in fact, constituted the only sentence Roberta Shivers had ever spoken on the Ralph Taciturn show.  Her presence seemed solely intended to validate the monstrously insecure Taciturn, who had become famous for his radio show’s lewd content.  Psychologists widely regarded Taciturn to be a megalomaniac who would one day snap and murder his cohosts.  Given that his cohosts were Roberta Shivers and Larry “Buck Teeth” Derberlatte — and that fans of Taciturn’s show spent the hours they weren’t listening to the radio calling other radio and television shows to prank-call them by shouting out, “Buck toothey! Buck toothey! Buck toothey!” — that day could not come soon enough in the minds of a majority of North Americans.
“Maybe I could lose weight with these DVDs,” said Derberlatte, apparently referring to Cursed Fitness.
“You could, if you weren’t a fat pig who’s also ugly and who nobody likes,” said Taciturn.  There was a loud cracking noise, which was Taciturn slapping Derberlatte in the face.
“Almost dislodged one of his caps!” Taciturn shouted proudly.
“This is pointless,” The Cursed Hand said over the open mike.  “McArmbreaker, Punchington, kill them.  Kill them all.”
“Whoa there, fatty,” Taciturn said.  This is my show.  Nobody pulls out an Uzi on my show and just mows down everyone in the booth.”
“RATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATAT!” said a pair of Uzis, which Duke Manfist presumed were Crotch Punchington and F.F. McArmbreaker mowing down everyone in the booth.
Coplawyer, tiring of the radio show, turned to Duke and shot him an accusing look.  “You shot Goodspeed,” he said, finally breaking his silence.
“Like you’ve never done that,” said Duke.  “What about the one with the explosive collar?  The one who BLAMMED! himself all over a field?  And don’t get me started on the flaming arrows.”  He looked up, realized his mistake, and gave Coplawyer a gentle shove.  A flaming arrow lodged in the seat between them, after first punching through the windshield.
“That is disconcerting,” said Coplawyer.  “You say it happens every time you say the words fla—“
Duke clapped a hand over Coplawyer’s mouth and shook his head.  “I wouldn’t,” he said.  He took his hand away.
”I will have to reevaluate that program,” said Coplawyer.  “There has to be a better way to keep you on task than constantly and artificially inducing adrenaline rushes by paying mercenaries to fire flaming arrows at you.”  He looked down at the radio.
“PLEASE GOD I DON’T WANT TO DIE,” gurgle-screamed Ralph Taciturn through what had to have been a mouthful of blood.  “MY LIFE IS WASTED WRECKAGE FULL OF TWENTY YEARS WORTH OF DICK JOKES!”
“I will change the channel,” said Coplawyer.
“Don’t,” said Duke.  “I’m starting to like this show.” 

DON’T TOUCH THAT DIAL...



	


Part 12: Take My License, All That Jive
“I really think it would be easier if you pulled over,” said Doctor Coplawyer.
“There’s no time,” said Duke.  “You said there was a hostage incident under way at the downtown Ottawa Gordo’s, didn’t you?”
“Well, yes,” said Coplawyer.  “Apparently I got the call by radio in-between chapters.”
“So there’s no time to waste,” said Duke. He pushed the accelerator to the floor, then stomped it to the floor a second time.  The floorplate of the HUMWAY ratcheted down so that he could enjoy slamming the accelerator to the floor yet again.  The fuel gauge on the mighty assault truck dipped and bobbed like a porn star on a whitewater rafting excursion.
“Stop looking at the women in the cars we pass,” said Coplawyer.  “They keep fainting.”
“Funny how inconsistent my fur-ozones are,” said Duke.  “That hasn’t been as big a problem in the past.”
“Yes, well, your adventures are written by a hack,” said Coplawyer, who only moments later started to experience the effects of a particularly nasty and latent case of face-syphilis.
“Hey!” Coplawyer protested.  “That’s quite unfair.”
That’s life in the big city, said the narrator.
Coplawyer muttered something under his breath, took a tube of medicated cream from his jacket pocket, and began applying salve to his cheeks.
Another female driver fainted as she tried to pass the HUMWAY.  Her car rolled to a stop, but not before knocking a flaming ninja into a culvert.
“Did you give up on trying to put him out?” Coplawyer asked, staring out the window.
Duke Manfist gestured with the huge stainless-steel timepiece on his wrist.  “I could set my watch to that guy,” he said.  “He’s just too fast.  I see him all the time but I haven’t caught him yet.  I think it would be easier just to stand in one spot long enough that he finally comes by.”
“That is not how Secret Headquarters trained you to do things,” said Coplawyer.
“No,” said Duke.  “If it was up to you there’d be some elaborate, pain-in-my-rear long-way-around-the-barn plan involved, with blueprints and synchronized timetables and cyanide pills and junk.”
Coplaywer looked away.  He had nothing to say to that.
“What did you ever do with my ball-punching robot, anyway?” Duke asked, finally.
“Agent Manfist, this is hardly the time—”
“Still here,” shouted a voice from outside the HUMWAY.
The Secret Headquarters motorcycle pulling up alongside them had a sidecar attached to it.  The driver, Mtumba, was doing his best to pilot the motorcycle while hanging on to the lavender sun hat he wore to match his dress.  It was Mtumba’s passenger who had shouted.  Again.  This was a conversation they had been having for some miles now.
“Pull over so I can get in!” Goodspeed asked for the fifth time.
“Just climb up the side the HUMWAY,” Duke answered for the sixth time.  “We don’t have time to waste!”
“Your new Ken Goodspeed appears to be an Indian,” said Coplawyer, watching the motorcycle out the window.
“Wigwam or call center?”
“Call center.”
“Roll down your window so he can jump in,” said Duke.
Coplawyer complied. Duke very carefully eased the HUMWAY closer to the motorcycle.  Ken Goodspeed prepared himself, climbed out onto the front of the sidecar, and launched himself at the HUMWAY.
Goodspeed hit the front fender and was immediately pulled into the wheel well, where he was crushed to pulp.
“Not my fault,” said Duke Manfist.
“I will call for another,” said Coplawyer quietly.
“Don’t bother,” said Duke, watching the rearview mirror.  “Roger Moore there can stand in.”  He pointed.  James Bland was easing up alongside the HUMWAY in a Cooper Mini, which was painted like the Union Jack.  Nothing about him was in any way interesting.
“Do you intend to let him help you?” Coplawyer asked.
“Naw,” said Duke, weaving left and right.  “That guy is dull as cheese.”  Cars began hurtling off either side of the road to avoid the assault truck’s massive prow.  Finally, Duke managed to ram the Cooper Mini, knocking it through a stop sign and then a billboard.  It came to rest in a ditch and exploded, producing a bright orange fireball.
“I’m not certain that wasn’t fatal,” said Coplawyer.
“Dare to dream, Mary.  Dare to dream.  I wonder how he keeps finding me.”
Coplawyer looked at the side view mirror.  The swath of destruction Duke Manfist left in his path was punctuated by burning vehicles, screaming civilians, and the sirens and flashing emergency lights of first-response vehicles.
“Yes,” said Coplawyer.  “I wonder, too.”
“So tell me what we know about the hostage taker at the Ottawa Gordo’s,” Duke said.
“His name is Blood Killian,” said Coplawyer.  “His image was captured by surveillance cameras before he barricaded himself in the ‘restaurant.’” Coplaywer made air quotes.
“Sounds well-adjusted.”
“Killian spent his early career infiltrating crime gangs to destroy them from within, when he wasn’t running arms to third-world ‘freedom fighters.’”  Coplawyer made air quotes again.  “It appears that Killian and a group of overweight ‘circus clowns’ have seized the Gordo’s and are menacing the customers.”  He made air quotes one more time.
“Does this Killian work with clowns all the time?” asked Duke.  He added, “Quit the air quotes or I’ll break your fingers.”
“It looks like they are simply left over muscle provided by Terwilliger,” said Coplawyer.  He scrolled through some more data on his Raspberry smartphone.   “According to the reports of your various battles so far on this mission, there is very little connection among the disparate groups.  It still makes no sense whatsoever.  Overweight housewives, circus clowns, and costumed African villains who command zombies.  I fail to see why any of them should be loyal to the Cursed Hand or his whims.”
“I thought he said he was Australian,” said Duke.
“Whatever hyphenates his ethnicity,” Coplawyer said, looking hopefully at Duke.
“Nancy!” Duke said, grinning.  “I didn’t know you had it in you.  Not bad.  Not good, but not bad.”
Coplawyer beamed.  “I practice in front of the mirror sometimes,” he said.
“Let’s not bond,” said Duke.  “So who’s filing these reports, exactly?” Duke asked.  “I know I don’t.  Goodspeed can’t be.  How do you get this stuff?”
“The Goodspeeds file them by smartphone,” admitted Coplawyer.
“When?” Duke demanded.  “In between getting shot or chain-sawed or flamingly arrowed? How would they have time?  Did Jumpy McFroggerson out there have time to file a report before he became a mudflap?”
“Some of the reports are admittedly quite brief,” said Coplawyer.  “What concerns me is that even the promise of payment, even the inducements The Cursed Hand could give to any of these various parties, could not possibly be enough to encourage their continued involvement.  You have killed any number of thugs, yet they keep responding to Terwilliger’s orders.  It makes no sense.”
“Ninjas are always for hire,” said Duke.
“Ninjas, certainly,” said Coplawyer.  “But rarely pirates.  And knife collectors?  International mercenaries with no history of bravery?  Overweight housewives at an exercise franchise?  Not to mention twelve-year-old Pioneer Princesses.  Apart from the occasional cookie full of spider’s eggs, that organization has always been above reproach. It is insane.”
“You gave me a box of Princess Pioneer Chocollamas for Christmas last year,” said Duke suspiciously.  
“These are not your normal adversaries, Duke,” said Coplawyer, as if he hadn’t heard.  “Something strange is going on here.”  He rattled off an address.  “Take us there immediately.  I need to analyze the DVDs we collected at the bus station and which were recovered in the Buttocks.”
“We recovered stuff at Buttocks?”
“I explored the Buttocks extensively,” said Coplawyer.  “I went there specifically to probe more deeply.  I knew that if one of us was going to spend time in the Buttocks, it was going to have to be me.  There was quite a bit of debris in the Buttocks.  It took some work to get everything out of the Buttocks.”
Duke Manfist turned lightly vorple.
“Why are you laughing like that?” asked Coplawyer. 

NOT FAR NOW...


Part 13: And When Your Fears Subside and Shadows Still Remain
“I told you,” said Coplawyer, as Duke Manfist brought the HUMWAY to a stop at a red light. “Her name is April May.  She was miss January.  And yes, she is fabulously beautiful.  We almost marched toward a June-December romance, but the age difference was too great. Also, February.”
“You’re doing that on purpose,” said Duke.
“As I was saying, April May and I were nearly romantically involved.”
“But you never Dylaned her McDurmott.”
“Nor Durmotted her Mulroney, in your parlance,” insisted Coplawyer. “We were platonic friends. And she was once my partner on the force.  She is the most qualified analyst and lab technician I have ever known.  She has been working from this location in Canada for some time for tax purposes.”
“Why have I never heard of ANY of this until this exact moment, when it’s most convenient?”
“You never ask me about my day,” sniffed Coplawyer.  “If you did, these things wouldn’t be a surprise.”
A man dressed as a ninja, trailing smoke and flame, wandered through the crosswalk in front of them.
“We’re just ignoring that, then?” Coplawyer said, turning to Manfist.
Duke just-ignored both of them.  He pulled into the gas station across the street from the all-night retail videography franchise.  “Get out,” he said.  “Fill ‘er up.”
Coplawyer frowned but climbed out to do as he was told.
Duke decided he could go for a can of Freak Out energy drink.  He exited the HUMWAY and stepped into the convenience store, momentarily forgetting that any convenience store he entered was invariably and immediately robbed by thugs.
“This is a robbery!” said a ski-masked thug, who stood next to two more ski-masked thugs.
“This is a fist-head,” said Duke.
The first thug stared at him, confused.  Duke Manfist punched through the thug’s ski mask.  His hand came out the back of the thug’s skull holding the knitted mask.
“Uh,” said the second thug.
“Uh,” said the third thug.
“Fist-head, see?” said Duke.  He shook the bloody corpse free of his arm.  Then he drew his revolver.  “You’re under arrest for robbery and stuff.”
The two surviving thugs tried to make a run for it. 
“Pew,” said Duke.  “Pew Pew.”
Coplawyer entered the convenience store as the thugs ran past him.  “Uh, Duke?”
“Pew pew pew,” said Duke.  “Yeah?”
“You’re not actually shooting.  You’re pointing your gun and making mouth-noises.”
“Oh, right,” said Duke.
“BLAM!” said Duke’s revolver.  “BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM!”
They stepped over the corpses in the parking lot and drove across the street.  “We’ll need to get gas before we leave,” said Duke Manfist, eying the gas gauge. 
Coplawyer let that hang.  As the pair entered the all-night videography franchise where April May worked, they discovered more ski-mask-wearing criminals attempting to force April May to open her cash register.
“Well, hello there,” said Duke, flashing the gorgeous and buxom April May his best white-toothed smile.
April May flushed with sexual excitement and collapsed.  The ski-mask-wearing thugs turned to look at each other.  Coplawyer, meanwhile, was looking embarrassed.
“It is a high crime area,” said Coplawyer.  “This is just a coincidence, not bad writing.”  He clutched at his face as if checking for face-syphilis.
“Nobody’s judging you, Mary,” said Duke.  He chopped one of the thugs in the throat, grabbed the skull of the second, and twisted the second criminal’s head hard to the left, then the right.  When the second man went limp, Duke beat the third man with the corpse of the second.  When he was done, he wiped his palms against each other as if cleaning off imaginary dust.  “Time to go down on what’s really important.”
“Get down to,” corrected Coplawyer.
“I know what I said,” said Duke Manfist, as April May pushed herself to a sitting position.
Coplawyer’s Rasberry smartphone began to vibrate.  He put it to his head.  “Yes?  Oh, good.  He’s what?  Oh dear.  Very well.”  He put the phone back in his pocket.   “That was Mtumba.”
“He speaks English now?”
“Not a word,” said Coplawyer.  “It seems Goodspeed was taking a commercial flight to Ottawa to rejoin us, but his plane has crashed.  There were many survivors.  All of the passengers, in fact, except Goodspeed, who was apparently the only one not wearing his seatbelt when a portion of the cabin roof tore loose and sucked him from the plane.”
“That’s life in the big city,” said Duke.  He looked at the videography equipment and then to the Cursed Fitness DVD Coplawyer was carrying.  “You can handle the sciencing by yourself, can’t you?”
“Have we been introduced?” asked April May.
“Duke Manfist, Secret Agent,” said Duke.  “You already know pencil-neck here.”
“Hello, Gary,” said April.
“Hello, April,” said Coplawyer.  “We need to use your lab, if we might.  Government business.”
“Sure,” said April May, whom Duke Manfist was picking up in both strong arms.  “Uh...”
“Let’s go into your darkroom,” said Duke.
“That’s a storage closet.”
“As long as it’s dark,” said Duke.
He closed the door behind them.
Coplawyer settled himself at April May’s videography workstation.  There was a television here connected to local cable, so he turned it on, mostly because the noise would help drown out the sound of Duke Manfist and April May having sex in the storage closet not ten feet from where he sat.  He was surprised, then, to see known Cursed Hand accomplices and henchmen F.F. McArmbreaker and Crotch Punchington on the screen.  The logo of the local station’s news team was visible in the corner of the screen.
“I don’t see why we couldn’t just buy time on local cable access,” said McArmbreaker, who was attempting to load a DVD into a piece of equipment on the newsroom floor.  He was seated behind the news anchor’s desk, where a control panel for video clips was conveniently located.  Punchington, meanwhile, was menacing the station employees with an Uzi.  He paused every so often to rub the Israeli submachinegun against his groin.
“Do you have any idea what it costs to buy television spots in prime time?” said Punchington.  A security guard ran up, apparently hoping to play the hero.  Punchington beat the man’s fists and knees savagely with his crotch, then clubbed the man in the groin with the butt of the Uzi.  The guard went down.  “Besides, the boss wants this seen by as many people as possible.  What kind of audience are we gonna get on public access?  In a time slot sandwiched between the White Power Hour and two incense-burning Rastafarians reading Marcus Garvey speeches from the 1930s?”
“Hold it right there...?” said a high-pitched voice.
A man wearing a pair of red leotards with a white maple leaf outline on his chest burst into the room.  He was wearing a matching red cowl and cape.
“Well, this should be good,” said Coplawyer.
“This oughtta be good,” said Punchington.
“It’s soooo good!’ shouted April May.
“I’m going to have to ask you two to pause long enough for me to apologize for any inconvenience you might have incurred, eh?” said the man in the red costume.
“Who are you?” asked McArmbreaker.
“I am Unifolié,” said the man.  “Canada’s foremost superhero.  And I must ask how we have failed you.”
“Come again?” asked McArmbreaker.
“Unnnnhh!” grunted Punchington, thrusting his pelvis in the air.
“Unifolié,” said Unifolié.  On behalf of my nation, I am sorry that whatever it is you wish to do here has been made so difficult for you?  Tell me how we might appease you more completely and I will do everything in my power to make sure you get what you want so no one gets hurt, eh?”
“You could die,” said Punchington.
“I, uh, would prefer not to do that, eh?” said Unifolié, who inflected every sentence as if it were a question. “I am terribly sorry for—“
Punchington emptied the magazine of the Uzi submachinegun into Unifolié’s crotch.  
“That’s life in the big city,” Coplawyer muttered without thinking.  
On the television screen, Unifolié hurried to comply with Punchington’s request by dying on camera.  He whispered something that F.F. McArmbreaker leaned in to hear.
“What’d he say?” asked Punchington.
“Sounded like, ‘No, I’m not thirsty, Gerard Butler.’”
“That’s life in the big city,” said Punchington.
Coplawyer shook his head.  He went back to his analysis of the Cursed Fitness DVD.  When, finally, he had his answer, he allowed himself a subdued fist-pump.  That was it.  That was the key to the mystery!
“YES!” shouted April May.  “YES! YES! YES!”
Coplawyer smiled.  It was always nice to be appreciated for one’s work. 

HOME STRETCH, NANCY...


 Part 14: These Are The Things I Can Do Without
 “Manfist, party of two!” Duke shouted at the receptionist, who looked up from her desk in terror.  The siege of the television station by The Cursed Hand’s armed minions had obviously put everyone on edge.  That did not stop the pretty receptionist from swooning as Duke approached.  He reached over the desktop, grabbed her gently by the blouse, and hauled her back into her seat.  Her eyelids fluttered.
“Two...?” asked the receptionist.  She looked behind Duke Manfist and saw no one.
Just me,” said Duke Manfist, “...and MY FIST!”
“Of course, sir,” she said.  “Uh, why are you shouting, Mister Manfist?”
“Dunno,” said Duke.  “No reason.  Brain blammage, maybe.  It seemed like the way to start the chapter.”
“Go right ahead, Mister Manfist, sir,” said the receptionist.
“Thanks, baby,” said Duke, and kissed her forehead.  She fainted again, disappearing behind the desk.
Coplawyer, still analyzing the preliminary data at April May’s videography studio, wasn’t here because he was there.  Duke was grateful for the break; he liked to spend as little time with the Secret Headquarters’ operations manager as possible.  As the access-controlled fire door buzzed open and then shut behind Duke, it cut off the man in the ninja outfit who was walking, trailing smoke and flame, through the lobby. 
Once inside the television station, Duke immediately got lost.  He found the nearest stairwell and just started climbing, but when he reached the top, he pushed open the door to find himself on the roof.  A Secret Headquarters helicopter rumbled overhead.  A man with the name “GOODSPEED” stenciled across his flight suit was being dropped by parachute from the helicopter.
“I vill help you vith zis case,” shouted Goodspeed in a Russian accent.  “I vill land, and ve vill—”
“FWOOOSH,” said F.F. McArmbreaker.
McArmbreaker was also on the roof... and holding a rocket launcher.  The rocket hurtled through the sky, punctured Goodspeed’s parachute, and then destroyed the helicopter.  
“BLOOOOOOOMMMM,” said the helicopter.
The explosion enveloped the plummeting Goodspeed and broke him into several flaming, also-plummeting fragments.  The roof of the television station was suddenly covered in flaming guts.  McArmbreaker disappeared into the building through the roof door.  Duke pursued.  The first fire door he opened emptied into the weather studio.
“...And the chance you’ll be doused in the flaming guts of your former partner is abouuuuut thirty percent today, given localized areas of disturbance,” said the blazer-wearing weatherman.
“Nice tie-in, Betty,” said Duke.  He ran on, following the path he thought McArmbreaker most likely to take.
Finally, Manfist caught up to McArmbreaker on the opposite stairwell at the middle landing.
“Hey!” he shouted.  “Fuckface!”
F.F. McArmbraker paused.  “I’m sorry,” he said.  “Were you... did Mom say something to you?”
“Huh?” said Duke Manfist.
“It’s just that nobody calls me by my given name but Mom.”
“Oh,” said Duke.  “Wow.  High school must have been fun for you.”
“I can’t say it went well,” said McArmbreaker.
“Also,” said Duke, “My fist.”  He punched McArmbreaker in the left arm.
“SNAP,” said McArmbreaker’s left arm.  Duke punched again.
“CRACKLE,” said McArmbreaker’s right arm.
“This must be what they call irony,” McArmbreaker said through the pain.  He collapsed to his knees.  “Both my arms are broken.”
“And your sterno,” said Duke.  “But I don’t know what that has to do with ironing.”
“My sternum?” said McArmbreaker.  “No, it’s—”
“POP!” said McArmbreaker’s sternum, as Duke sternum-punched him.
Duke Manfist had no time to waste.  He had to find the television studio where Crotch Punchington was about to broadcast the Cursed Fitness DVD.  He wasn’t quite sure how he knew that, unless Coplawyer had told him when nobody was reading.  But he knew it and he was trying to do something about it.
He tried first one room, then another, succeeding only in disrupting the taping of various daytime soap operas.  Multiple large-breasted women and two gay men fainted as he passed through their recording sessions.
Duke suddenly had a thought.  He paused, patted himself down, and came up with a smartphone that Coplawyer must have planted on him.
“Still here,” said Coplawyer through the phone.
Duke pushed “end call” and then activated the smartphone’s web browser.  Very slowly and very carefully, he typed in the name he wanted to find in an online telephone directory site.
“I can’t find French military victories,” said the directory.  “Are you looking for French military defeats?”
Duke was close to smashing the phone in frustration by the time he got the information he wanted.  He punched in the number.
The song “Balls to the Wall” began playing, faintly, behind the third door to his right.  He pushed his way through that only to find Crotch Punchington rubbing an iPhone against his groin.
“Oh,” said Punchington.  “I was hoping you wouldn’t find us.  I’m doing this thing right now.  Something  for Redmond.  I really shouldn’t pause to get into any battles.”
“Yeah,” said Duke.  “I got that.  Hey, you know what’s great about television studios?”
“No,” said Punchington.  “What?”
“They’re always filming one of those America’s Funniest Nut Shot Videos series,” said Duke, who grabbed Punchington by his leather jacket and threw him through an adjacent doorway.  The studio behind was indeed the set for “America’s Most Hilarious Groin Groans.”  While it was not currently in use, the studio set was fully prepared for another day of taping.
“Wait—” Punchington had time to say.  Then he stepped on a prop rake, which smacked him in the balls.
“Unnnhhh,” said Punchington, tripping and falling, groin-first, into a potted cactus.  “Nrrrggghh.”  He tried to stand and was immediately hit in the groin by a tennis ball, a football, a bocce ball, and a whiffle bat, all of them hurled by a pneumatic device in the rear of the set.  “Grrggggg,” he said.
“Now that’s good television,” Duke said, smiling.  “You stay put,” he told Crotch Punchington.  “Let’s hope they pick you up for another season.”  He paused and looked at Punchington expectantly.  The henchman put his hand parallel to the ground and waggled it back and forth as he walked over a see-saw.  The see-saw thumped heavily between his legs.
Duke Manfist quietly closed the studio door behind him.  He reentered the news studio.
“You are too late,” said the Cursed Hand.
Redmond W. Terwilliger stood with his not-cursed hand poised to press the button that would cause his Cursed Fitness DVD to be broadcast to anyone watching the station.  His heavy cursed hand was resting on a rolling Audio/Visual cart that also bore several VHS tapes and an old Styrofoam cup of coffee.  The cart was bending noticeably under the weight of Terwilliger’s magical fist.
“Looks to me like I’m right on time, Nancy,” said Duke.  “Say, what’s all this fungus?”
“Eh?” said Terwilliger.  “These are Thanksgiving decorations.”  He pointed with his human hand to the prop dinner table set with a prop Thanksgiving dinner and bearing an enormous prop Turkey.  “But soon, Thanksgiving will be a thing of the past.  People will be too concerned with their waistlines to gorge themselves on turkey and mashed potatoes during this holiday.  And who will they turn to in blind devotion?  Why, me, of course.”  He cackled with victorious super-villain laughter.  “So, now, without any further discussion of the fact, I will press this button.”
Actor Gerard Butler stuck his head through the studio door.  He was holding a glass of water.
“No thanks,” said Duke.  “But seriously thanks for offering.”
“No problem,” said Butler.  “Uh... you haven’t seen LeVar Burton around, have you?”
“Been following you?” asked Duke.
“Yeah,” said Butler.  “But I hate to say so.  He has so little.”  He nodded and closed the door.
“Still here,” said Terwilliger, who was still poised to push the button.
“Oh, right,” said Duke, who snatched Redmond W. Terwilliger and dumped him on the prop Thanksgiving table.
“HELP!” screamed Redmond W. Terwilliger.
“Did someone say they needed help?” asked LeVar Burton, sticking his head in through the—
“Shoo!” said Duke Manfist, pelting him with a prop ear of corn.  “Shoo!  Bad Kunta Kinte!” 
“There it is,” said Terwilliger.
“You’re just mean,” said Burton, and closed the door through which he had tried to enter.
“Release me!” demanded Terwilliger.
“You shaddap,” said Duke.  “Or I’m going to ram you head-first into this prop turkey so hard you make some kind of glurmphing noise. Then I’m gonna then punch you unconscious while you’re in there.”
“You wouldn’t DARE,”  said Terwilliger.
“I wouldn’t NOT DARE,” said Duke.
“You wouldn’t not not dare,” said Terwilliger.
“Redmond,” said Duke, tiring of the game, “you wanna know what I’m thankful for?”
“No,” said Terwilliger, shaking his head and pulling furiously at the dead weight of his cursed fist.  “No!  No!  NOOOOOOOOO!”
“...MY FIST!” roared Duke Manfist.
“GLRRMMPPHH!” said Redmond W. Terwilliger. 

THERE MIGH BE JUST A LITTLE MORE...




Part 15: And They Were All Impressed with Your Halston Dress
Duke Manfist parked the HUMWAY outside the suburban home of one Jason Gerblanowicz.  Checking his watch, he climbed out of his assault vehicle, walked to the back, and opened the overhead door.  Then he took a fire extinguisher, propped himself against the side the HUMWAY, and settled down to wait.
Coplawyer had phoned him that morning from Secret Headquarters.  April May had also phoned, several times, and each message was the same as the last:
“Thank you,” she had told his voice mail.  “Thank you, thank you, thank you.”
“Well,” Duke had thought to himself.  “It is Thanksgiving.”
Coplawyer had insisted on giving him a full debriefing by way of epilogue, and Manfist had reluctantly listened to most of it.  Whenever his attention flagged he amused himself by picturing Coplawyer being force-fed from a fire hose by actor Gerard Butler.
“My analysis of the Cursed Fitness DVDs,” Coplawyer had told him, “shows that every one of them contains subliminal messages.  These messages instill deep loyalty to the Cursed Hand, while also making the viewer feel insecure about himself.  It was a brilliant strategy.  It might have worked, too, had Terwilliger managed to broadcast his DVD to the masses.  You know how gullible Canadians are.”
“First America’s hat, then the world,” Duke had replied.
Coplawyer had gone on to explain that all of the people Terwilliger had drafted or “hired” as assassins or hench-people shared certain body image problems.  The Princess Pioneers were pre-adolescent girls, which made them vulnerable.  The pirates had scurvy.  The knife collectors were all fat.  Blood Killian and his circus clowns were insecure about how they looked in bathing suits.  The Exsanguinator was known to wear a t-shirt when he went to public beaches because he had man-boobs, and so on.
All the affected citizens had been rounded up and were being deprogrammed.  There was unrelated and completely uninteresting news that James Bland of MI8 was retiring for “health reasons.”  The Shadow President was pleased on both fronts, and Coplawyer, while he was never truly happy, seemed more or less okay with the situation.  That was good, because Duke Manfist was tired of fighting nutballs over Gordo’s and—
Duke Manfist took out his phone and dialed Coplawyer.
“Yes, Agent Manfist?” Coplawyer asked.
“Blood Killian,” said Duke.  “The mercenary and his circus clowns.  Did we, uh... forget to fight that guy?”
“No,” said Coplawyer after a moment.  “I’m sure that the situation resolved itself.  Nothing to be concerned about.  I am not furiously erasing it from the situation board.”  Over the connection, Duke could hear something being furiously erased from the situation board.
“You sure?” Duke asked.
“Quite certain,” said Coplawyer.  “Take the weekend off, Agent Manfist.”
“Whatever gleams your cube, Poindexter,” said Duke.  He snapped the phone in half and threw it away.  Then he looked down at his watch again.
It was almost time.
He positioned himself with the fire extinguisher.  Checking his watch yet again, he braced his feet against the tire of the HUMWAY, ready to spring into action like an Olympic runner.
“Aarrrrrrggghhhhh!” someone screamed.
Duke Manfist smiled.  The man in the ninja costume, trailing smoke and flame, came running down the street.  He was moving fast, but Duke had figured him out this time.  The action hero had positioned himself in the ninja’s path and then waited long enough for him simply to happen along.
“Aaarrrggghhhh!” screamed the ninja.
Duke Manfist raised the fire extinguisher.
“Arrrggghhhhh!” screamed the ninja.
“KLOOOONNNNGGGG,” said the fire extinguisher, as Duke Manfist used it as a club to smash the ninja to the ground.   “KLONG! BONGG!  KABLONGGG!”  He kept beating the ninja into the earth with the metal body of the fire extinguisher until he had successfully smothered the flames.
“Whew,” said Duke Manfist.
He dropped the fire extinguisher, walked up to the home of Jason Gerblanowicz, and kicked the door in.  The hollow-core door was turned to splinters by the force of Duke’s blow.
“Who are you?” shrieked the celebrity blogger known as Amzterdam Marriott, who had been sitting on his couch watching day-time television.
“I’m the ghost of Thanksgiving future,” said Duke Manfist.  “And I saved you some prop-yams.”
“I don’t think I want any prop-yams,” said Amzterdam Marriott, a.k.a. Jason Gerblanowicz.
Duke grabbed Gerblanowicz by the collar and dragged him into the dining room, where a computer was set up.  He planted Gerblanowicz in front of the machine and smacked him across the face, hard.
“Who are you? What do you want?” whined Gerblanowicz, sobbing.  Snot bubbles formed at his nostrils.  “Please stop hitting me!”
“You don’t know me,” said Duke, “but you’re not exactly my favorite person.”
“Are you one of the gay celebrities I outed?” asked Gerblanowicz.
Duke slapped him in the head again.  “Strike one.”
“What do you want?”
“You’re gonna shut down your blog and delete all your videos,” instructed Duke.  “And you’re gonna post an apology to everyone you’ve ever annoyed.”
“And if I don’t?”
“Then I’m gonna shove this Thanksgiving prop-yam up your—”
“That’s not a yam,” Gerblanowicz whined.
Duke looked down.  He was holding a hackey-sack.
“Hey,” said Duke.  “You know how to hackey-sack, Arlington Marionette?”
“No,” said Gerblanowizc, pouting.  “I’ve never hackey-sacked.”
Duke Manfist glared at Gerblanowicz from over his unlicensed Ray-Bans.  “Don’t worry,” he said.  “I’ll teach you.”  

Epilogue: The Part after the Credits
Blood Killian sat in a booth surrounded by empty food cartons.  He rubbed his face and yawned.  Around him, the now morbidly obese circus clowns who were his henchmen menaced the sleeping customers half-heartedly.  The hostage situation had been going on now for fully 73 hours.  Even the police manning the cordon outside had become lethargic and eventually gone home.
 “I feel like I’m getting fat just sitting here,” said Blood Killian.  He had scratched several games of tic-tac-toe into the surface of his table with a combat knife.
“Should we... I don’t know, just go home?” asked the leader of the clown contingent, who billed himself, somewhat unfortunately, as “Pervo the Clown: Balloon Animals, Magic, Kids’ Parties.”
“I don’t know,” said Killian.  “It seems dishonest.”
“I don’t think anyone’s coming,” said Pervo.

DUKE MANFIST WILL RETURN
.

ABOUT PHIL ELMORE

Phil Elmore is the author of multiple angry letters to the editor and an alternate on the United States Olympic Competitive Eating Team.  The son of Irish immigrants, Elmore made his way to the United States through Ellis Island after pausing just long enough to thrust his hips suggestively at the Statue of Liberty.  Active during the late seventies and early eighties, Phil Elmore is the only published author known to have made a commercial success of a novel consisting of a single 112,000-word run-on sentence, although the last sentence in this paragraph certainly goes a long way toward illustrating that point.
Prior to his writing career, Elmore was a world-renowned botanist who published a series of research journals in the British Compendium of Disgusting Medical Trivia.  His work on toenail fungus stands apart as groundbreaking for its day, and Elmore alone is credited with the discovery of the Jumping Patagonian Death Spider.
Few realize that Phil Elmore struggled with an eyebrow-related learning disorder called “Spock’s Arch” for the duration of his career, which caused him to suffer from serial migraines and bouts of unrepentant flatulence.  Increasingly eccentric in his twilight years, Elmore was killed in 1989 when he tripped on his pet cat, Maxmillian, and fell on several recently fired bullets.  In his will he stated that of all his work, he was most ashamed of Duke Manfist, which he described as, “I think, an excrement, which must never be read by anyone.”  The book you are reading is a faithful reproduction of the 1976 first edition.  Free strip of bacon included.


