

The Storms of Time
Book One

Christopher's Journey
Sometimes it takes being lost to find yourself

B. Chantel



Concerning Life Publishing
Spring Lake, Michigan
www.Concerninglife.org


Copyright 2013 Concerning Life Publishing
All rights reserved


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously and any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner without written consent from the publisher



Cover image "Mazy Road" courtesy of Evgeni Dinev / FreeDigitalPhotos.net


Published by Concerning Life Publishing at Smashwords.
Chapter 1

“You have the right to remain silent.  Anything you say can and will be used against you in the court of law.”
The red and blue lights illuminated the night sky and reflected from every angle off of the tall, surrounding city buildings.
“What’s your name, son?”  An older officer grunted.
“Chris Scholt.”  he whispered in defeat.
Chris laid across the car’s hood which radiated warmth onto his already heated face.  His hands cuffed behind his back and his legs spread as the officer patted him down, checking his pockets and shoes.  He turned his head to see the pile of possessions the cops had found on him, laying on the hood up toward the windshield.  His pack of cigarettes, a crumpled up baggie, a lighter, a wad of cash, a pile of jewelry that he’d just attempted to steal and his .22 caliber handgun with the empty clip out.
The officer called one of his colleagues over to watch Chris as he returned to his car.
“Looks like strike three for you, Chris.”  Exclaimed the officer after running Chris’ information through the cruiser’s computer.  “You’re going away for awhile.”
As the colleague gathered Chris’ possessions into a red bag marked ‘Evidence,’ the other officer lifted Chris and guided him to the back seat of the cruiser.  He tucked his head down as Chris sat into the seat, slamming the door in his face.
He knew this was it for him, he’d been caught too many times.  He was too careless, too clumsy.  He wasn’t cut out for this way of life but it was all he knew.  It was the only way he knew how to survive.  He wanted to be angry for being caught, he wanted to throw a fit, he wanted to lash out at these officers, he wanted to yell and scream and maybe even try to run.  But sitting there in the backseat, surrounded by caged windows, he felt almost relieved, almost at peace.  He just wanted this to be over.
“Here we go.”  The officer stated as he climbed into the drivers seat and started off.  “I suppose you know the routine of this by now.”
Chris did know the routine all too well.  Though only his third arrest, he had been testing his limits with the law since the age of eleven, five years after his father left to buy his nightly fifth of booze and never returned.
Chris' father never quite got over the death of his mother, Chris' grandmother.  It was a mere six months after her death when Chris' dad finally walked out leaving his shattered world behind.
Chris loved his grandmother.  She was the only stable person he seemed to have in his life.  She took him often and showed him a small taste of what a truly happy environment could be like.  She was the ideal grandmother who spoiled him with love, attention... and cookies.  They baked together when she had him over every weekend.  Every weekend until she fell ill two years before she died.
“Always remember me like this.”  she stated one day, early in her diagnosis.  “Just remember, Chris, that when I leave this world, I will be in a better place.  I will be standing with our creator and I will never be hungry, thirsty or in pain.  I want you to feel happy for me going home, not feel sad that I’ve left this world behind.  I will always be with you and I will always watch over you.”  
Chris was surprised how much of her he could remember.  Even the parts he didn't want to remember, like looking over the box and seeing his grandmother wearing much more make up than she ever had, sleeping while clutching a bouquet of daisies, her favorite flower.
It wasn't grandma, it was a heavily made up shell.
"What happened to her?"  Six year old Chris asked.
"She went to Heaven, son."  was all he ever heard to his endless list of questions.
Chris knew about Heaven, he knew about God and his angels.  His miracles and His plan for each and every one of us.  His grandma taught him that.  She read him the Bible passages and taught him a way of life that was contradicted by his parents every time he returned home.
Chris loved and tried to please his parents, but late at night when he heard his mom and dad argue, he dreamed of living a different life.  A life with his grandma.
That dream shattered the day she died.  His new dream of trying to pull happiness into his family shattered the day his dad left.
Although Chris’ mom was never mother of the year, something broke in her the night her husband abandoned her.
She locked herself in her room and began drinking heavily, leaving six year old Chris to fend for himself.
Still grasping for her love and attention, he strove to behave and not ask much of his mother.  He got himself up every morning, dressed himself, poured his own cereal and walked the 15 blocks to school.  Knowing money was scarce, he grew accustomed to skipping lunch.
Chris was never the ideal student.  He seemed to try hard but could never seem to grasp the work.  He was easily distracted, mostly from the other children picking on him about his greasy hair and ragged clothes, the fact he never had a lunch and that he didn't seem to talk much.
He was an outsider, he knew that but it hurt him inside to be reminded continuously throughout the day.  It left him feeling empty and hollow that he couldn't make even one friend.  The teachers didn't even seem to like him.
After school he trudged himself home, struggled through his homework then made sure their tiny, one bedroom apartment was tidy.
On his mom’s minimum wage salary from the night shift party store job she managed to keep, that tiny hole in the run down building in the high crime neighborhood was all they could afford.  It consisted of only three rooms.
The largest room was at the end of a short hallway upon entering the apartment.  On the right wall was a kitchenette that consisted of a two burner stove, a tiny sink and a tall but narrow refrigerator.  There were a mere four cabinets under the counter and two up top.  With only the two of them, they had limited dishes and even more limited food.  The cupboard space was rarely a problem.
Straight ahead was the only living space.  One square room just large enough for their ragged couch, a small side table and a dinner tray that struggled to support their 13” black and white television.  
Directly to the left of the short entrance hallway was just enough room to have a small square dining room table with drop leaves on either side that always had to be down in order for it to fit, shoved up against the wall.
Just off of the dining area, on the left wall was a small nook, maybe meant for that dining table but happened to fit the head of Chris’ bed and a tiny night table.
On that same wall, squeezing past the couch was the doorway to his mother’s bedroom.  Just about half the size of the main room, it was just large enough for her twin bed and a tall, thin dresser.
On the same wall as the kitchen, to complete the miniature theme of their apartment was a tiny bathroom.  It was no larger than a closet.  There was just enough room to step in, with the toilet directly ahead, a stand up shower to the right and a basin sink to the left.
It didn’t take long for Chris to pick up , then he faithfully made dinner so it would be ready for his mother who was just stumbling out of bed.
He knew by now that she would be upset with him if he didn't make breakfast for her.  Since she got up during Chris' dinnertime, he would have breakfast with her, his second breakfast, his second and last meal of the day.
"It's too early for me to eat heavy, dinner food, Christopher!"  she'd sneer at him while lighting another cigarette.  She always ended her insulting comments with his name but said it in a long, drawn out, sarcastic tone.
Breakfast seemed to work out since his mother only gave $10 per week for him to pick up groceries.   All he kept in the house was cereal, milk, eggs and powder pancake mix.
Chris plated their food and walked to the tiny dining table and carefully placed her breakfast in front of her.
"Pancakes again?"  she yelled and whined.  "I'm so sick of the same stuff over and over, Christopher."  She looked him up and down.  "I guess I shouldn't expect too much more out of you.  You're not good for much more than under cooked pancakes day after day after DAY!"  she yelled the last word while pushing the plate across the table.
Chris fought the tears from escaping his eyes.  "I cleaned up and finished my homework."  He said cautiously but trying to sound confidant.
"Well, woop-dee-doo for you, Christopher!  What do you want?  A metal?  That's stuff you're supposed to do anyway."  She grabbed her plate and scarfed down the small pancake portion.  She got up without cleaning up after herself and grabbed her coat.
“I’m going out before work so you’re on your own.”
She gave Chris a disappointed look with narrowed eyes and stormed out the door.
Chris stood for a moment still staring at the door.  What had happened to his mother?  She was all he had left in his cruel existence and she had turned her back on him as well.  What was wrong with him?  Why did no one love him?
Within the five years after Chris’ dad had left, it was apparent that he would never return.  Chris’ mom deteriorated more and more, drinking excessively and resorted to lashing her anger out physically toward Chris.   Instead of the glares and disappointed looks, she’d slap his face and knock him onto the floor.  He was a burden to her and she wanted nothing to do with him.  She had more important things to tend to and deal with.  She had even stopped giving Chris grocery money as she ate out with friends or at work.  
At the tender, impressionable age of eleven, Chris learned that the path of life was now dependant on theft.  It was either steal or die.

 * * * * *

Chris looked down the isle.  Left, then right.  He couldn’t see over the convenience store shelves since he was only eleven years old.  He had to depend on the large, round mirrors in the corner to see where the clerk was and what he was doing.
He was watching Chris.
‘This may not be such a good idea.’  Chris thought, but his grumbling stomach screamed something different.  
He began pacing down the isle very slowly, still glancing up to see what the clerk was doing.  He was now sitting behind the counter reading a magazine.  How could Chris walk out of here without buying anything and not look suspicious?  He needed a distraction.
At the very moment of his thought, Chris heard the door chime ring.  A girl, close to the clerks age walked in.  She strolled up to the counter, leaned far across it and began talking and giggling with the clerk.
This was Chris’ chance.  He quickly filled his bag with cans of Ravioli and handfuls of individually wrapped toaster pastries.
He crept toward the door and bolted out once he reached it.
“HEY!”  he heard the clerk scream.
Chris ran as fast as his legs could manage, making every turn he could, cutting through alleys.  He stopped in one to catch his breath.  He waited and listened.  All he could hear was his heart thumping from his chest and his rapid breath that he could barely grasp.
Nothing.  Was he not being chased?  How could he have outrun someone twice his size?
His thoughts were interrupted by a voice behind him.  
“Well, who do we have here?”  Chris’ stomach jumped into his throat as he turned around and saw a group of older teenage boys.  They all looked alike with their matching leather jackets with conjoined C’s on the back.  The biggest boy stepped forward.
“What’s your hurry?  Someone after you?”  he said with a smirk and sounding only slightly interested.
Chris stayed glued to the wall.  He was afraid to lie to them for what they might do, he was afraid to tell them the truth since he’d just broken the law, he was afraid to move, he was afraid to stay still.
The biggest boy took another step toward him.
“You running from the cops?”  he asked in a proud voice.
“Kind of, but no.”  Chris squeaked out.  “I’m running from a store clerk.”
“For what?  Stealing?”  The boy said giving him a little chuckle.  “Ha, you don’t seem the type.”
“Whatever!”  Chris said with a little more attitude.  ‘Maybe I shouldn’t have said that.’  Chris thought.  ‘Maybe I shouldn’t have said it like that.”
The boy took another step toward him, towering over Chris, looked down on him and raised up his hand.
Chris clenched his eyes shut.
When the hand reached Chris’ head, it merely tousled his hair.  “I like this kid!”  the boy laughed.  “You’re alright.  How did you make out?”  
“How did I... what?”  
“Make out.  What did you take, how much did you take?  Is it money?”  The boys sounded excited as he reached for Chris’ bag.
“NO!”  Chris screamed.  “I don’t care what you do to me, but you are NOT getting what is in this bag!”  his eyes lit up like fire as he clenched the bag in his arms against his chest.  “I have never stolen before, I have not eaten in two days... Please, just leave me alone!”
“Relax kid, I’m not going to steal your bag.  I was just curious, is all.  You’ve got spunk, though.  I like that.  What’s your name?”
“C-Chris.”  he stammered out.
“Hey Chris, my name is Joe, Joe-Z as my buddies call me.  We have our own club.  It’s the coolest one in town.  You should join in and hang out with us.  What do you say?”
“Ummm, I don’t know.  I have school, and.. uh..”
“Oh, that’s ok.  We, um, have school, too.  Yeah.  We can hang out afterwards.  Hey, as a reward for becoming a new member of our club, we’ll even treat you to a burger.  What do you think?”
Joe-Z seemed friendly enough.  “Ok.”  Chris nodded.
“We’ll meet right here then, tomorrow after school.  See you then.”  Joe-Z tapped Chris in the shoulder but just about knocked him down.
Chris stood in the alley watching the group walk out.  What just happened?  Had he made some friends?  Sure they’re older but friendship doesn’t have an age difference.  Someone had liked him and wanted to be his friend.  Maybe things were finally turning around.
When Chris approached the door to his apartment, he knew he was in trouble when he smelled cigarette smoke.  'Mom is up.'  he shuddered.  'She's going to kill me that I'm not home, cleaning or making her breakfast.'
Chris took a deep breath and entered the smoky room.
"Where have you been?!!"  his mother hissed.
"I... uh... was with some friends."  Chris stated making it sound more like a question than an answer.
"Friends?  Ha... who would be friends with you?  Christopher!"  She looked him up and down with a disgusted look on her face.  She stood up from the couch and towered over him.
All Chris wanted at that moment was for his mother to wrap her arms around him and hold him tight.  'It's alright, Chris, I'm glad you have some friends now.  I just want you to be happy.'  he forced himself to hear her say.  He wanted the warmth of his mom around him with soothing words and comfort.  He wanted to hear her tell him how good he'd been all these years and how much she appreciated him taking care of her.  Waiting... waiting for her to say thank you, waiting for her to quit drinking, waiting for her to love him as he still loved her.
Instead, before he realized what happened, he was face down on the floor.  His head throbbed where she had thumped him.
"I'm hungry, Christopher!  I work hard for the two of us and you don't give me the respect to make me something to eat."
"But... we don't have any food."  Chris whimpered.
"Excuses, excuses!  You're just full of them.  Useless!  FINE!  I'm going out, then!"  she said, kicking his side as she brushed past him, as he lay, doubled on the floor.
Chris remained on the floor until he heard the door close and her descending the stairs of the building.  He slowly rose rubbing both his head and his side.
Normally, he'd be lost in a sea of tears, whimpering on the floor like a baby.  'I'm not a baby anymore!  I'm eleven years old.'  He thought, instead, with rage building up in his veins.
He didn't know if it was his new group of friends or if it was the fact that he knew he'd gotten away with theft and now had a big bag of food or if it was the final blow to the head, but Chris felt a surge of independence, of freedom, of the thought that he can make it on his own.
"I don't need her!!"  he screamed which echoed through the room.
"I DON'T need her!!"


Chapter 2

Chris managed to get through the next day of school.  He wanted the day to get over with so he could meet up with his new friends.  He looked forward, mostly, to the burger they had promised him since all he had that day was one package of toaster pastries.
He wondered what his new friends would be like.  They were older, so it was doubtful they did little kid stuff but that was okay with Chris since he was a grown up, too.  He was almost half way through Middle School.
Another thought made Chris’ stomach drop.  What if it was all a joke?  What if they were just messing with him, teasing him and they wouldn’t be there at all.  Chris would be crushed, he’d be humiliated.  He had nothing else.  He needed this group of friends.
The clock seemed to go slower than usual.  At one point, it seemed it was going backwards.  The final bell eventually did ring and Chris flew out the door.
He was nine blocks from the alley they had agreed to meet in and he didn’t want to miss them, so he ran.  He didn’t want to seem too eager, either, so four blocks away he slowed down to a jog then walked the last block.
He entered the alley.  Nobody was there.  He waited five minutes, then ten.
‘Maybe they get out of school at a different time than me.’  Chris thought.  ‘Maybe they get out later... or maybe earlier and I missed them.’
Chris gave the group five more minutes.  'If they don’t show up, I’ll be late getting home again, for nothing.  I’m not going to let my mother pound me into the ground without making it somewhat worth it.’
Five more minutes passed.  Chris hung his head and began to walk out of the alley.  He wanted to cry but that wouldn’t be very manly of him.  ‘It was a big joke.  Mother was right, who’d want to be friends with me?’
“Hey rebel!”  he heard from behind him.
He spun around to see the group enter from the other side of the alley.  Chris was relieved.  Not only that they showed up but that he wasn’t crying.
“Where have you been?”  Joe-Z exclaimed.
“I’ve been here, waiting for you guys for almost a half hour.”  Chris stated, instantly feeling like a parent.  “but.. whatever, I was just about to take off.”  he recovered.
“No, no, no... we said we were going to meet you at the 12th Street Diner.”  Joe-Z laughed but it was more of a teasing laugh as if he was picking on Chris.
Chris knew they had said to meet in this alley but he was not going to argue it.  They did say they wanted to buy him a burger, so maybe they were confused on the meeting place.
“So are we going to head there now?”  Chris asked with a rumble in his stomach.
“Sure.”  Joe-Z said.  “We just need to make a couple of stops first.  You comin’?”
“Yeah.”  He tried not to sound too eager.
He walked with the group which towered over him through the streets of the run down, Eastern side of Coar City.  He felt out of place with nothing to say or talk about.  He decided to just hold his head up high and walk with attitude.  He was going to become a part of this group if it killed him.
“Here we are.”  Joe-Z stopped in front of the corner gas station.
“What are we doing here?”  Chris asked.
“I need some smokes.. you see them on that shelf in front of the counter?”
Chris peeked through the window to see.  “Yeah.”
“Alright, well, we need four packs.”  Joe-Z smiled down at Chris.
“I can’t buy cigarettes... I’m only elev... I’m not old enough yet.  Plus I don’t have any money.”  Chris stated shamefully.
“That’s the beauty of this, Chris, if you know what you’re doing, you don’t need to be old enough OR have money.  It’s called the five finger discount.  You can have whatever you want when you master it.”
“Steal?  I can’t.”
“Didn’t seem to stop you yesterday.”  Joe-Z’s smile vanished.
“That was different.  That was food, not cigarettes.”
“Oh, that’s okay.  You don’t have to.  We just thought you were cool, that’s all.  Sorry, my mistake.  Maybe you can find some kiddies to play with.  C’mon men.  Let’s go.”
“Wait...”  Chris gasped.
“You wanna be a part of this group?”  Joe-Z asked in complete seriousness.
“Yeah...”
“Then make it five packs.  We’ll be in the alley across the street.  Go in, look around a minute, make sure the clerk is distracted, grab what you need and head out the door.... what am I sayin?  You’re an old pro at this aren’t ya?”  Joe-Z tousled Chris’ hair again and the boys took off across the street.
Chris headed toward the gas station door.  He took a deep breath and opened it.  The door chime seemed louder than any he’d heard before which caused all eyes to fall upon him.
The clerk was behind the counter watching him.  He headed to the candy isle and started looking at the king size bars of chocolate.  Oh, how long it had been since he had chocolate.  If he was to steal anything, he wanted the candy, not the cigarettes.
He kept his eyes on the cashier as she got off her stool to help a customer.  Chris slowly picked up a candy bar and meandered toward the front pretending to get in line with it.
He inched closer to the rack that held the off brand, cheap cigarettes.  Chris felt excitement build as the customer asked for something behind the counter forcing the cashier to turn her back toward him.  This was it... it was now or never.
Chris shoved the candy bar into his pocket and grabbed two handfuls of the cigarettes, crammed them into his bag and quickly, but without running, exited the door.  
He needed to be fast, but if no one noticed what he had done, it would give him away if he full out ran.
He reached the alley and didn’t see anyone at first.  Had they ditched him?  They didn’t think he could do it and didn’t want to be caught, so they took off.
Joe-Z appeared after realizing that Chris was not running and that he was not being followed.  He saw Chris’ hands empty.
“Oh, I see you couldn’t handle the pressure.  Huh, boy?”  He sneered.
“Well, I guess if you don’t want them, I’ll keep them for myself.”  Chris stated, feeling big and bad.
“You got em?”  One of the other boys asked.
Chris took off his pack and threw it at Joe-Z.  He opened it and counted the packs.
“That’s my boy!!”  he called out.  “We told him to get five packs and he brings us eight!  I told you this kid’s got potential!”
They each grabbed a pack and started beating the tops of them against the palms of their hands.  In unison, they all peeled back the plastic tab and opened their packs.
“You want one?”  Joe-Z asked, extending out a cigarette.
“Uh, no thanks.”  Chris replied.
“Now, you’re going to tell me that you went through all that trouble to take these and you’re not even going to enjoy one?  What a pity.”
“I got a chocolate bar for myself.”  Chris stated taking the bar out of his pocket.
“Sweet.”  The boys crowded him, ripping the bar from his hand, tearing it open and devouring it.
Chris’ eyes wanted to well up.  “I guess you’re just left with the cigarette now.”  Joe-Z said with a sideways grin.  “Go on.. everybody does it.  You’re not cool unless you do.”
Chris hesitantly took the cigarette and allowed Joe-Z to light it.  He coughed and sputtered on the first drag but wanted more than anything to fit it, so he continued smoking it.
“You passed your first test, Chris.  You did good.  You’re getting closer to joining our group.”
Chris’ eyes set on Joe-Z’s.  “I thought I was already a part of the group.”
“Naw, man.  That’s not something we just give away.  You have to earn it.  That was phase one.  You’re getting closer, keep up the good work.”
Joe-Z nudged him and the other boys started laughing.  Chris joined in with the laughter.  ‘That wasn’t so bad.’  he thought.  ‘I can do this.  I want to be just like these boys.’

* * * * *

Several more years passed as Chris struggled to fit into the group.  They continued to lure him into doing their petty thefts... mostly for food, candy and cigarettes.  Chris was pleased, however, that he hadn’t been caught yet.  The group just kept saying that he was closer to becoming a member but Chris wondered when he’d ever cross that line and earn his jacket.  
The group seemed interested in his progress and even gave him birthday gifts.  For his twelfth birthday, they gave him a new pair of sneakers.  For his thirteenth, it was a baseball cap and a new chain that all the boys were wearing.  For his fifteenth birthday he got five, one hundred dollar bills.  
He anticipated what they could possibly do for him on his sixteenth birthday that was just around the corner.
Chris’ mom never acknowledged his birthdays.  She barely even acknowledged his existence anymore, at all.  The only time she paid any attention to him was when something would happen that reflected onto her.
“The school called me at work again, Christopher!”  She screamed at him one day when he was fourteen.  “They said that if you don’t start attending class again, they’re going to come to the house.  I cannot have them coming over.  You are going to make me lose everything, Christopher!  You either shape up and do what you’re supposed to do or I will have nothing to do with you, you will be out!”  She glared at him with pure hatred in her eyes.
Why did she even put up with him when it was evident that she wanted nothing to do with him.  She didn’t love him, she didn’t want him, she didn’t even care what happened to him.
He did try to honor her wishes and would sporadically return to school but it became usual that it didn’t last long.  The gang just needed more and more of his time.  School was un-cool to them when there were plenty of ways to survive without an education.  The easy life.
Chris didn’t want to disappoint his mother but he didn’t want to disappoint his gang, either.
The night he made the decision to permanently drop out of school, he snuck home after his mother left, packed up his small bag of belongings and decided to finally leave that world behind.  His mothers previous words buzzing through his brain.  “If you ever walk out that door, don’t even think about coming back.  The moment you leave, I no longer have a son!” 
Chris clenched his eyes shut, took a deep breath and closed the apartment door behind him.
Joe-Z had his own house on the South-East side of town and took in any member of the gang that needed a place to stay.  It was run down, filthy and always crawling with thugs but it was a place for Chris to lay his head at night and he knew he was always surrounded by protection from his gang.
Joe-Z took Chris in without hesitation and continued to show him the simple life of stealing, cheating and lying.  “As long as you’re not caught, it’s the easiest way of life.”  Joe-Z always exclaimed.  That teaching was always followed by a glare and a scowl.  “You just never be caught!  You understand?”
Two weeks before Chris turned sixteen, Joe-Z approached him with an ear to ear grin.  “You got a birthday comin up, don’t ya?  I have an early present for you.”
Chris’ eyes lit up.  ‘I can’t even imagine what it could be this year, what could top last years gift?’
Joe-Z reached behind him and pulled something out of the back of his pants.  It was a gun.
“This is my favorite .22, so you’d better be good to it.  I want you to have it.”
Chris was taken aback, even though he’d not handled a gun before and felt some anxiety in his gut, he was enthralled by the shiny black beauty of this weapon.  This had to mean he was closer to becoming an equal in the group.  He reached his hand out to grab it but Joe-Z snatched it away.  “Oh, no.  Not so fast.  This isn’t your whole present, this is just a part of it.  Your present is thousands of dollars of jewelry.”
Chris’ eyes lit up.  “Really?”  he almost squeaked.
“The thing is, you have to earn this gift.  If you get the jewelry, you’ll be insured a permanent spot in our group AND you get to keep 50% the loot.  You have to earn the job, however, by competing for it.”  Joe-Z’s sneer told Chris that he was serious.
Chris wanted nothing more than to finally be an actual member of this group.  Even with a fist full of jewelry, he could get a place and finally be out on his own.  This was the only chance for him to make it.  He had no place to stay, no education, no job skills or opportunities and no family.
“How?  What’s the competition?”  Chris hesitantly asked.
“You have to get the loot by performing your biggest job yet, you need to prove that you’re ready for such a responsibility.  You get the job by earning the gun, you earn the gun by fighting for it.  You see, you’re not the only one in the group that wants a shot at this.  You’d be fighting Pauly for it.”
Chris gulped.  Pauly was one of the biggest boys in the group.  “Pauly?  He’s twice my size.”  Chris protested.
“It’s simple, Chris.  You fight Pauly for three minutes... if he doesn’t kill you, the job is yours.  You want it or not.  This is everything you‘ve been waiting years for, don‘t throw it away or you‘d be throwing us away.”  Joe-Z looked down on Chris with a stern demeanor.  “You wouldn’t want that, now would ya?”
“There’s always another way.”  A voice echoed through Chris’ head.  He closed his eyes to intently listen to this voice.  It wasn’t his.  ‘Grandma?’  he thought.
“I taught you better than this Chris, there’s always a better way.”
Chris snapped his eyes open, not wanting to disappoint Joe with his hesitation.  “I’ll do it!”  he said in his most manly voice.
Chris, shoulders back and head up, strutted away from Joe-Z.  As soon as he turned the corner, however, his head dropped and a tear escaped the corner of his eye.
“I’m sorry, grandma... I don’t know what else to do.”

* * * * *

This was it.  The day of truth.  It was now or never, boy or man, life or death.  This would be the proof Chris could give the group that he belonged with them.  He had spent the last two weeks, working out and practicing for this fight.  The outcome would either be a gun, to commit his first felony or death.  He had to do whatever he could not to beat Pauly but to just make sure Pauly didn’t beat him... six feet into the ground.
The lump that had taken up residence in Chris’ throat kept climbing as he swallowed continuously trying to hold down his stomach.
Ironically, in the same alley Chris met this group was the chosen place for the fight.  It was secluded and the perfect spot to leave a body if need be, which was Chris’ first thought.
Pauly approached Chris, towering over him like Goliath.  His smirk told Chris that he possibly knew something beyond what Chris did.
The gang and several faces that Chris didn’t recognize surrounded them.  Fists clenched as everybody seemed to bounce from one foot to another in anticipation.  It was like a setting out of the elementary school yard.  The chanting of ‘Fight, Fight, Fight’ was all that was missing.
“Three minutes, Chris.  Don’t get dead.”  Joe-Z said with a wink.  He checked his watch and at the precise moment whipped his arm down, symbolizing the beginning of the fight.
Chris had seen fights on TV and expected a few moments to prepare as it seemed usual to hop around in a circle a few times before the first punch was thrown.
Without time to even finish that thought, Chris was face down on the ground.  The grunts and hollers coming from the crowd faded to a low roar then came crashing back into Chris’ head as he regained full consciousness.  He crawled onto his knees to instantly be kicked in the side.
Chris fell back onto the ground in defeat.  He wanted to curl up and quit.  He just wanted Pauly to finish him off and end his pathetic existence.  That would end these trials that he couldn’t quite seem to overcome.  The pain throbbing from both his head and his side brought him back to the countless times his mother hovered over him, straddling his body as he laid whimpering on the floor.  Even though he’d wanted to, he never dared get up and fight her.  He kept that much respect for her as his mother.
This, however, was his chance.  It wasn’t his mother he was fighting but the thought of revenge took over his body and consumed it with strength and determination.
Just as Pauly’s foot was going to come down on Chris’ face to finish the job, he jerked aside whipped around and grabbed Pauly’s legs pulling them out from underneath him.  Just as Goliath, Pauly crashed to the ground, rumbling the Earth.
With ten years of emptiness, abandonment, rage, abuse and neglect as his fuel, Chris climbed onto the giant and released the demons inside of himself onto Pauly.  Even the blow of the three minute whistle didn’t stop him as he felt countless arms pulling him off of the bloody heap. 
Chris blinked the sweat from his eyes as he snapped back into reality.  Pauly was being lifted off the ground, obviously injured but seemed coherent. 
“Whoa, tiger!”  Joe-Z said with an overly impressed look on his face.  “I under estimated you.”  He gave Chris a hard slap on the shoulder.  “No need to say, you definitely earned this today.”  he reached into the back of his jeans and pulled out the .22.  “It’s all yours.  You got the job.”  Joe said with absolute pride.  “Welcome to the Coar City Gang!”

Chapter 3

Chris stared at himself, up and down.  He raised the collar of his new conjoined C’s embroidered black, leather jacket.  It was finally his.  He had earned it.  He pulled on the front of it practicing his ‘bad boy’ look in the mirror.  With a swift motion, he yanked out his hand gun and pointed it into his reflection.  Chris liked the gun but couldn’t imagine ever using it.  Just the threat of it should be enough without endangering lives.
‘As long as no one finds out...’  he thought as he released the clip and emptied out the bullets.  He placed them in between his mattresses and returned the clip to the gun.
Tonight was the night of his first big job.  A jewelry store.  Chris was as excited as he was nervous.  This could be the beginning of a new life for him.  He just needed the loot.  He had his jacket, he had his group, he just needed more independence.  This was his chance for that.  He returned the gun to the back of his pants and took off out of his room, down the stairs.
Unusually, nobody was in the house.  He had never heard it so quiet in there.  Had everyone left on purpose?  Chris watched as the clock passed midnight, then 1am.  After 2am was when the streets seemed to clear out as the bar flies had already found one way or another home to pass out.  
Chris thought it a good idea to scope the place out before the hit, so just a little after 1am, he headed out the door.
Overly observant of his surroundings, Chris strolled slowly through the streets of Coar City.  Many people were still out but hopefully on the other side of town where the store was located would be less busy.  It was mostly a retail area which closed around 9pm.  He crossed 9th street and cut through the alley to 10th.  He made sure he was aware but not looking too dubious, something that Joe-Z had taught him.  'Never look suspicious, even if you are.  Always look like you have somewhere to be.'  His words rang through Chris' head as he applied the one of many lessons.
With both hands in the pockets of his new warm, leather jacket, he took a right at 10th street knowing he was only about five blocks away from his target.  
'Where had the gang gone tonight?'  Chris wondered.  Many scenarios crossed his mind.  Perhaps they didn’t want to be home incase Chris got caught, maybe they were nearby to see the action or to test Chris to make sure he went through with it, conceivably video taping it.  That thought made him nervous.
Up ahead, he spotted the store on the left hand side of the road.  A small alley went beside the store that he quickly ducked into.  He hadn’t seen anyone on this street so far but decided to stake out the area a little longer to see if anyone would appear.
He wished he had done some research on the security of jewelry stores.  He knew all of them had security systems, most of them using lasers.  He had not skilled himself to deal with the fancy footwork of drilling a hole in the glass and crawling through the lasers like a gymnast, as he’d seen on the movies.  His approach would have to be swiftness.  He was going to break through the door, smash through the cases, take what he could and bolt.  He figured how long it would take the police to arrive and estimated that he had close to three minutes to get in and grab all he could.
Earlier that week, he had strolled through the store, stating that he needed an engagement ring for his girlfriend.  The looks he received suggested that they knew he was too young to possibly get married but showed him the diamond ring display hoping for a sale, anyway.  The diamonds were in the back counter while the other gems were in the cases to the left.  The watches, bracelets and necklaces were in the cases to the right.  
He had thought carefully to what would provide him the most profit.  The diamonds?  The watches?  Surely it would be easiest to steal the necklaces since scooping up the chains would give him a better handful.
Standing in the alley for over a half hour and seeing no one in sight, he decided to make his move.  He took one step forward, then back again.  He wanted to go but something held him back.  His conscience?  His grandma?
“I will always be with you and I will always watch over you.”  His grandma’s words stung through his brain.  Was she watching him right now?  How could he let her down like this?  
He shook the thoughts away and proceeded toward the door.  It was now or never.  He pulled the crow bar from his jeans, took one more look around and swung it through the front door.  
Instantly, the glass shattered, lights flashed and a loud, school bell sounding alarm deafened him.  It took him a second to snap out of a brief shock from the brightness, the ear piercing sound and the flying shards of glass.  He blinked hard and ran into the store straight back to the diamonds.  With all of his might, he bore the bar down onto the display case only to spider web the glass.  Again he tried and again.  He was breaking the glass but couldn’t quite get through.  The cases seemed to hold more strength than the front door which made little sense to Chris.
He ran over to the watch display and tried to shatter the side rather than the top.  Same luck.  It was not going to completely break in the time Chris had given himself.  He was running out of that time.  He glanced out the door as a small group of people stood across the street watching him with wide eyes.
Witnesses!  Even if he got away, they’d be able to make a statement to what he was wearing or possibly what he looked like even though he wore a black hooded sweatshirt under his jacket which concealed his face.
He had to get out of there but he refused to leave empty handed.  He swooped up several of the necklaces that hung on a rack on top of the counter and ran toward the door, slipping on the scattered, broken glass.  He recovered his stumbles and bolted out the hole in the front door.  As he sprinted down the alley, he could hear the police sirens surrounding the building.  
Even though his legs felt like jelly, he pushed them to move faster and faster until they felt separated from his body.  He wasn’t even watching where he was going but the further he went, it seemed the sirens were not fading.  He was being followed.  He whipped into another alley and dove into the nearest dumpster.
Ignoring the horrid smell of the garbage, he struggled to catch his breath, his heart thumped so hard and fast that he was certain it would be heard and would be the cause of his capture.
Chris clenched his eyes shut.  All of that seemed to be for nothing.  He didn’t even get what he went in there for.  All he could grab was a handful of useless, out of the display necklaces which meant they were near worthless.  He could get maybe $50.00 for the bunch.  How could he start over with that?
The time seemed an eternity when Chris decided to peek out of his hiding spot.  He kneeled onto a heap of trash and carefully lifted the lid.  He looked to his right... nothing, to his left... nothing.  Had he gotten away?
The very moment that his body began to relax, he saw the flicker of a flashlight entering the alleyway.  Startled, Chris ducked not realizing that doing so made the dumpster lid drop.
“Over here!”  he heard shouts.
Chris panicked.  Where could he go, did he have time to jump out and run?  The ideas cluttered his mind and froze his body as the lid swung open and multiple guns cocked. 
“LET ME SEE YOUR HANDS!  GET YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR!”
In defeat, Chris complied.  He was dragged from the dumpster, slammed onto the concrete and cuffed.  His first big heist and he failed.  Failed miserably.

18 months Later . . . 

“Christopher James Scholt, 17 year old, white male.”  The bailiff announced as she led Chris to the front of the Judges desk in the large courtroom.
“Christopher Scholt."  
“It’s CHRIS!“  he said through clenched teeth and tight lips.
“You have been charged with your third offense of aggravated robbery.  You are obviously a nuisance to society but since you’re weapon was not loaded and the fact that you are, indeed, still a minor, I would be forced to give you the minimum sentence of five to ten years in the Coar County Maximum Security Correctional Facility.  However, you did accept the plea bargain from the prosecuting attorney for your information about the Coar City gang.  Therefore, Chris Scholt, I sentence you to two to five years.”
Chris struggled to look the judge in the eye.  His emotions ranged from shame to rage.  At any moment he could either break down in a wall of tears or go on a rampage and tear apart the court room.  Neither would help his situation, so he went numb and concentrated on only staying on his feet.
“If I may add.”  the judge continued. “I’m extremely disappointed that your stay at the home for troubled teen boys didn’t correct you.  You have your entire life ahead of you.  Now is the time to turn it around and make an honest life for yourself.  It is possible and I believe you have the potential to do so, you just need to find that potential.”
Chris stared blankly.  The kind words with no reaction from Chris seemed to irritate the judge.
“Bailiff, take him away.”  He finally said, curtly.

* * * * *

The steady buzz of the wake up call and lights startled Chris.   He focused his eyes only to set them upon the barred door of his cell.  The bunk shook as his cell mate tossed and turned above him.
Chris soon realized that his heart was rapid from the dream he'd been shaken from.  His mind recalled the nightmare of him running through a foggy street, not knowing where he was or where he was going.  All he knew was that his gang whom he considered not only his friends but his family were after him.  Chasing him through the cloudy wilderness to kill him.  He could hear their angry shouts and thumping footsteps that seemed so close, he expected to be tackled at the very moment he was awakened.
He knew it was a deadly choice to give the police information about the gang and he tried to be as vague as possible, but his reveal of Joe-Z's residence and activity put a target on his back as sure as he laid there.  The only benefit it served Chris was a lighter sentence but somehow, he felt safer on the inside.  What would he do when he got out?  He had no where to go, no one to go to.  He figured he'd be found no matter where he traveled.  Joe-Z had connections everywhere.
A security guard tapped on the cell door.  "4 am, time to get up."
Chris rubbed at his eyes like a toddler and sat on the side of his bunk.  His cell mate, Brian, was stumbling down from the top bunk.  They simply exchanged looks then filed by the door.
Chris had now carried out 14 months of his sentence and knew the drill well.  After the four a.m. wake up call, the prisoners filed to the cafeteria for breakfast.  After breakfast, the groups alternated chores on their specified days.  Yard duty, kitchen duty and bathroom/shower duty.  After lunch and recreation time, the prisoners had a choice of school or work.  
The prison offered many training programs to get anything from a high school diploma to a certificate degree.  If schooling was refused, you had to take on one of the prisons many jobs, mostly manufacturing work making clothing, electronic equipment, furniture and even automobile parts.  Chris worked in a department that assembled file cabinets.  Not the most exciting job but it kept Chris' mind busy for several hours of the day.
The cell door buzzed and slid open.  They both stepped out to get into the long line of prisoners individually filing out of their rooms.  Like soldiers, they began marching down the hallway after the signal whistle blew.  Down the hall and a set of stairs was the cafeteria on the left.  It was similar to a school lunch room with lines of tables and a pass through window where they all, one by one, grabbed a tray and stood in the assembly line to receive their runny eggs, crunchy hash browns and burnt toast.
Chris received his food and sat in his usual spot in the back corner of the cafeteria.  Similar to school, the room divided into cliques and as usual, Chris was not among any of them.  He didn't fit in school, home or on the streets.  He didn't seem to ever completely fit in his gang and now here in prison, the last place on Earth, he didn't fit in there either.  Exactly where he belonged in this world was still an everyday, struggling mystery to him.  He felt he didn't belong anywhere.
This thought that was no stranger to Chris, followed and haunted him throughout his day.  Through his kitchen duty, lunch, as he stood alone along the fence during recreation time and through his work hours.  It involuntarily consumed him to where he drifted through the remainder of the day as a zombie.
"Lights out!"  Chris heard the guard say as he rapped on the cell door with his baton.  The lights simultaneously switched off at that moment with only an orange glow from the door window to provide overnight light.
Chris went from laying flat on his back to curling up on his side.  His thoughts running in multiple directions made it impossible to sleep even though he felt he could sleep for weeks.
He could hear Brian above him snoring slightly and the light pings and pangs of the prison building settling for the night.  All noises he had become accustomed to.
He couldn’t wait to get out.  He had strived to behave himself and worked hard to hopefully be released sooner than the minimum of two years.   His lawyer had met with him earlier in the week and informed him that he had a parole hearing the following month.  This could be his chance.  
He didn’t belong in prison, he didn’t belong on the streets, he’d spent the last 19 years of his life trying to figure out where he did belong.  Chris knew his shot to finding that place was better on the outside rather than behind bars.  His life, thus far, was lived on a day to day basis and there had been little choice left for him to change that now.  His first plan was to get out, then he’d figure things out from there.
Chris woke up to the sun light, from the wide window, gently dancing across his face.  He was comfortable, he was warm.  He focused his eyes to see the bright room filled with toys, drawings and books.  He laid curled up in super hero sheets with a lush home-made quilt covering him.  He could smell bacon and pancakes lingering into the room.  He knew this room.  This was his room at his grandma’s house.
Just then, the door creaked open and Chris’ grandmother appeared in the doorway.  Her blue eyes and silver hair sparkled in the sunlight and her smile shined brighter than the beams.   She held a tray piled with fluffy pancakes, crisp bacon, eggs and orange juice.
“Good morning sleepy head.”  She lovingly stated in her gentle voice.  She floated to Chris’ bedside and sat on the edge running her fingers through his messy hair.
Chris wanted to embrace her.  He wanted to cry and tell her how much he had missed her, but the confusion fogged his mind.
“Grandma?”  he sputtered out.
“It’s alright Chris, I’ve missed you too.”  she smiled.
Tears ran down his cheeks as he sat up to hold the only person who’d ever truly loved him.  “I don’t know what to do.  I don’t belong anywhere.  You’re gone and you’re the only one I could go to.”
“I’m not the only one.”  she softly stated.  “You always have our Heavenly Father.  He’s just been waiting for you Chris.  Waiting for you to come to Him for help, waiting for your plea of forgiveness.  He will help you.  Go to Him.”
Chris looked at his grandmother’s face.  It wasn’t as easy as she made it sound.
“You need to prepare your heart for whatever answer He gives you, Chris.  It may not be what you want to hear, but as I taught you from the Bible, He has a divine plan for us all.  If you don’t remember anything I’ve taught you, my boy, remember this one word.  Trust.  Trust.  Trust.”
Chris held onto his grandma with all he could, he didn’t want to even open his eyes for the fear that she’d vanish.  He could feel his grip loosening as her fingers stopped running through his hair.
‘Hang on.’  he thought.
“It’s 4 am, time to get up....”  her voice faded.  “TIME TO GET UP.”  a guards voice rasped.
The alarm rang and the lights flashed on.  In despair, Chris dug his face into his pillow.  His pillow and blanket smelled faintly of his grandmother’s perfume.  Was he imagining the scent or had his grandma truly visited him?

“Christopher James Scholt.  You have served 15 months of your two year minimum sentence.  According to your records, you have complied to all of your duties and with good behavior.  We had hoped you would finish your high school certificate with your time but your diligent work in the manufacturing plant has been extraordinary.  The entire parole board hope that your time here has helped shape you into a functional young man, fit to join our society.  It is our recommendation that you be released, on parole, after finishing the 18th months of your sentence as long as this good behavior continues.  You would be required to find your place in our society, including a proper place to live, a job, to stay clean and away from the influences of your checkered past.  We wish you luck, son.”
Chris winced in the beginning at being called Christopher and at the end with being called ‘son’.  However, he struggled to believe what he was hearing.  Three more months he’d be free.  Three months seemed so close yet an eternity away.

“OPEN THE GATE.”  the front guard called.  With a buzz, the gate slowly opened.  “I hope to not see you back here, Chris.”  The guard added as Chris stepped out.  
The warm May afternoon seemed to energize his body.  He wanted to run and do cartwheels through the streets.  He could have but then quickly realized he didn’t know which way to go.  He had no where to be, nobody waiting for him, not with good intentions anyway.
He knew his gang hung out on the eastern side of town, so he headed West, toward the river, toward the Oak Forest Park.
With his head down and his hands shoved into his pockets, he strolled down the street.  ‘What now?  Do I sleep in the park?  I’ll have to find somewhere less conspicuous to sleep than a family park.  Oh, grandma, I wish you were here to tell me what to do and where to go.’
Not even thinking about why, Chris turned left, the opposite direction of the park.  As he realized his mistake, he looked up to find his bearings and found himself staring at the Coar City Christian Church.  The bell chimed as if to welcome him urging him to enter.
Chris walked through the door and peeked around with the fear that he’d be caught even though he was doing nothing wrong.  He shuffled up to the front as his eyes fell upon the three crosses displayed on the front wall.  A strong sense came over him as he dropped to his knees.
“Ok!”  he said out loud.  “I have nothing left, so I will trust you.  Do with me what you will.  Whatever you see fit.  I don’t care anymore.”
After what seemed like hours waiting for God to strike him down, to end his suffering once and for all, Chris rose to his feet and trudged out of the church.  This time heading Southeast.  He needed to find a place to lay his head.  He could start again tomorrow, start what exactly, he didn’t yet know.
The only thing he was certain of was that the Coar City gang would soon know of his release and be after him.  He had betrayed Joe-Z and the group, so severely that it could only be punishable by death.  He had a target on his back the size of this city.  He couldn’t avoid them forever.  His only options were to fight or run.  As the sun set on this day, his remaining choice for the night was to simply hide.
Homeless, hopeless and on the run, he huddled near a dumpster in the alley off of 5th Avenue for refuge.
Alone, cold and confused, he drifted off to sleep.


Chapter 4

A cold morning breeze swept over Chris making him wake without yet opening his eyes.  ‘I don’t want to open my eyes.’ he thought, for he remembered that he was sleeping behind a dumpster with nowhere to go, with no one to care for him, with no hope. 
Another breeze chilled him to the bone.  He reached around hoping to find some newspapers, bags or anything that would suffice as a blanket in this heartless city that had turned it’s back on him.
‘City?  Why was it so silent?  Do I actually hear crickets?’ he thought as he reached around him.
His fingers found no answers to his questions but ran along sharp blades of dew moistened grass.  The ground beneath him was cold like concrete but soft and supple, grainy but rich.  
Chris forced his weary eyes open only to be blinded by the rising sun spread across the endless horizon.  He slowly rose to his feet as he crept in a full 360 degree circle.  The trash was gone, the dumpster was gone, the buildings, the concrete, the people, traffic and noise had all vanished.
Instead he rested his sights on a never ending prairie with flowing grasses.  One direction was as flat as could be while the other had soft slopes covered with hundreds of trees.  The rest of the landscape seemed to fall in between as the land flowed in soft hills as if blowing gently in the breeze.  Scattered throughout the grass were thousands of large patches of flowers, purple and white, almost as white as the billowing clouds that speckled the immeasurable, deep blue sky.
The air was free from pollution and smog and only the crisp, cool scent of the natures morning filled Chris' head.  He'd not smelled air this clean as far as his memory would go back.
The sun rising past the crest of the horizon made the trees and plants sparkle and perk up as if they were greeting the sun, thankful for the new day.  They seemed to be reaching for it's warmth.
Chris looked around, full of confusion but couldn't quite ignore the splendor.  Glorious or not, he needed to find his way out of here and fast.
In the distance he could see a wooded area that seemed to have a large gap in the middle.
“A road?”  Chris said out loud, unsure.  He decided his only option of finding his way home was to find a road and follow it until something looked familiar.  He couldn't be too far from Coar City.
Chris took in a deep breath and began trudging through the tall grass that seemed to want to grab him and pull him down.  
“I cannot believe they found me!”  he fumed, stomping down the grass in front of him.  “Joe-Z and his mindless followers must have drugged me and dumped me here in the middle of no where!  COWARDS!  They couldn’t confront me like men?”
Even though he could see his destination in front of him, it took miles to reach the tree line.  He could feel the exhaustion from his anger and the walk through the tall weeds and grasses.  It was as tiring as trying to run through water.  He’d not eaten or had a drop to drink since his release and felt his body screaming for nutrients.  He found the road and began following it towards the Northeast, as he figured from the position of the sun.  
He had paid some attention in school to know that the sun rises in the East, rests overhead at noon and sets in the West.  If only he'd taken some wilderness training as a boy, the scouts would have taught him what to do in a predicament like this.
After what seemed like hours, he spotted something up ahead.  A house.  A shack more like it, it could not have been larger than the apartment Chris grew up in.  It was built out of logs which were notched out and criss-crossed in every corner.  From what Chris could see from the road, the house had only one door and one window.  A similar looking building lay across the yard but had a larger door and a fence around it that appeared to be made of nothing more than tree branches and twigs.  A rope was tied from the tiny front porch to the door of what Chris guessed was a garage or a very small barn.
As he approached the house he noticed a clothes line, a tiny shed that appeared to be only large enough to stand in, a wooden barrel and a small, un-kept garden.  The rest of the property was surrounded by tall grass as far as the eye could see.
Chris stumbled up the two steps to the door, noticing that there was no door handle.  Instead there lay a rope coming from a hole at the top of the door.  He knocked despite his confusion with an ounce of fear mixed in.  He knocked again, a little harder.  With the extra force, the door swung open only enough for Chris to pop his head in.
“Hello?”  he softly called.
The room smelled of kerosene and smoke as the fire in the fireplace dwindled down.  A large kettle sat in front of the fireplace next to a high back arm chair.  The only other furniture in the room was a bed in the corner that had only one leg.  The other three sides seemed to be attached to the walls.  A dining table with two chairs sat on the opposite side of the shack.  On the table sat a kerosene lamp, a small wooden box and a pipe.  The one door and one window had indeed been the only in this tiny huddle, the smallest house Chris had ever seen.
“Hello?” he managed to choke out.
Obviously no one was in the house.  Using the rope, he pulled the door shut and turned to look into the wilderness that stood between him and home, wherever home was.  He wasn’t sure if he had a home in Coar City.  His mother didn’t want him, his father had vanished, his only friends were his fellow gang members who had banished him to this remote place.  If he went back, they’d kill him for sure.  The only person that would help him or show him any love had left him over thirteen years ago.  A tear formed in the corner of Chris’ eye as he tried to shake the thought of his grandma out of his head.  Even if he found a phone, who would he call?
‘I guess I need to find out where I am first.’  Chris thought.
He made his way down the two steps and down the narrow drive.  Half way to the road he stopped short and turned his head to hear better.  Silence.  He turned to walk again and stopped.  He kept hearing a faint jingle, like metal on metal.  It was coming from around that second building, the garage.  Chris apprehensively but desperately made his way to the building.
“Hello?”  Chris almost shouted.
“In back.”  Came a gruff voice shouting back at him.
Chris made his way around the building to see a man hooking two horses onto an old wagon.  He’d seen these wagons before but only on TV.  
The tall slender man wore a long sleeved brown shirt under his overalls which tucked snuggly into his boots.  His brimmed hat shaded his face as he turned to Chris.
“Just let me finish hookin’ up my schooner and I’ll be right with ya.”
Schooner?  Who was this guy?  Chris studied his face to see if there was any hint of crazy in this man.  There has to be a reason he’s choosing to live this way.  Other than the dark, sagging eyes, full dirty beard and dusty face, he didn’t seem completely out of the ordinary.  Still, Chris took a step back as the man turned to him.
“Now, what can I do for ya, son?”  Son?  He had a lot of nerve!  “I haven’t seen you around these parts, you new to this area?”
What parts?  All there is here is area.
“I’m just passing through.”  Chris finally answered.  “actually, I was just wondering if I could use your phone.”
“Phone?”  the man said, looking confused as he scratched his beard.
“Well, I noticed there are no wires going to your house but I was hoping you’d have a cell or something, I’m really lost.”
“Cell?”  ‘Ugh, maybe this guy was out of his mind!’
Their silence made the man speak up again.  “Son, I’m not sure of these contraptions you speak of, but if you’re lost, I can see what I can do to help.  I’m Louis Kinsley.”  he said, holding out his right hand.
Chris hesitantly reached out to shake his hand.  
“I’m Chris Scholt.  Actually, could you just tell me where I am?”
“Well, you ain't more than two miles east of the Oak Forest River, near the town of Coar, Christopher.”
“It’s CHRIS!  Wait.. What?  I can’t be two miles from the river in Coar City.”
“City?  Well, it is growin’ a bit, but we are far from bein’ a city.  I have heard the boardin' house was going to be rebuilt bigger and better, there’s talk of that bein’ done by the fall of 1870.  I own the Livery in town, I’d love to do some expandin’ on that.”  1870?  This man was insane!  “Would you like a ride into town, son?”
“NO!  Thank you.”  Chris crept slowly backward and turned away almost running down the drive.  “Wherever Joe-Z dumped me, it’s crazy-ville for sure.”
Determined, Chris trudged along the beaten dirt path.  His thirst was unbearable, his stomach grumbled with hunger, the sun beat down on him with no mercy and seemed too hot to be early May.  His feet ached as they began to shuffle rather than step.  Chris walked a couple more miles only looking ahead occasionally to make sure he was still on the road.  He felt exhausted and defeated that he’d seen only one house on his half day journey.  
His eyes spotted something strange ahead.  It looked like another house but even smaller.  It had only one wall, the rest of it was nestled into a small hill.  Golden grass lay tall and thick around the strange dwelling that had only one doorway and one window.  The fact that the doorway had no door and the window had no glass led Chris to believe that no one was living there, but he wasn’t sure of anything anymore.
“Hello?”  he called as he approached the doorway.  He peeked inside.  “I can’t believe this house is smaller than the last one, this place is no bigger than my prison cell.”
A bed frame covered the entire left side of the home.  Because most of the walls were smoothed out Earth, the bed frame had two legs but was fastened to the front wall.  It was a simple wood box with criss-crossed rope in the middle that was meant to hold a mattress even though one was no where in sight.  Half of the right side were two chairs sitting around a table that also fastened to the front wall.  A small iron stove took up the rest of the right side.
“I’m pretty certain nobody is living here.”  Chris spoke aloud.  He looked around outside, again, just to be sure.  There were no other buildings around this house except another one of those tiny sheds.
‘I just need to lie down for a minute.’  he thought.  ‘I can still use this bed for now, it can’t be worse than a hammock.’
Chris sat on the side of the box frame and took his last ounce of strength to swing his legs up as he laid back.  The rope was not as soft and forgiving as a hammock and it certainly did not gently rock back and forth.  It actually dug into every part of his body that was touching it, surely making a waffle pattern on the length of him.  Chris squirmed trying to convince himself that this was better than being scorched by the sun and burned by the wind.
He closed his eyes just to shoot them back open with the sound of whinnying.  He could hear the clatter of a horse and wagon approaching.  He jumped up, worried that he may indeed be in someone’s home and bolted out the door.
‘That’s the last thing I need is to go back to jail for breaking and entering… or at least entering.’
“Well, Christopher Scholt.”  shouted Mr. Kinsley.
“Chris!”
“You didn’t make it too far, did ya?  The offer for a ride into town is still good.”
Chris stared at the man that he already deemed ‘crazy’ but Mr. Kinsley’s smile seemed genuine and he was the only person willing to help, well, the only person around, period.
“Do you have any water?”  Chris asked.
“Sure, hop on up.”  Mr. Kinsley handed Chris a small leather bag after he had settled in next to him on the raised bench.  “Help yourself, son.”
After depleting the man’s water supply, Chris wiped his mouth.  “Could you NOT call me son?  It makes me feel uncomfortable since I don’t have parents anymore.”
Mr. Kinsley’s eyes dropped.  “I’m sorry.  You’ve been orphaned.  The fever get ‘em?”
“No, and I’m not orphaned, it’s just that, um…”
“Of course you ain’t orphaned, why you’re a young man now, ain’t ya?  How many years ya got on ya?  Eighteen?”
“I’m nineteen.”  Chris answered.
“Where ya from?”
Chris didn’t know how to answer that question.  He was from Coar City but that’s where Mr. Kinsley thought he was, back in time even.  Chris decided to change the subject and start asking his own questions.  “Who lives in that half a house back there?”
“You mean the soddy?  No one’s lived there since last year.  Mr. and Mrs. Horton packed up and headed South last fall.  Didn’t try to sell the property or nothin'.  The Browley’s have been looking into buyin’ the land behind it for farmin’ but no one in town has the desire to take up residence there.  The soddy is too small for the families around here.  I have my own place and the other single folk live in town at the boardin'house.  You thinkin' you wanna buy it?”
“I don’t know what to think anymore, nothing has made any sense to me today.”
“Oh, I have days like that too, son… uh, Chris.  We all do.”  Mr. Kinsley shot Chris an understanding grin.
Chris closed his eyes and allowed the soft breeze to take the heat of the day off of him.  The ride in the wagon was loud and bumpy.  The rickety wood wheels found every rock and dip in the road, tossing Chris around in his seat.
“Here she is.”  Mr. Kinsley stated as they went around a bend.  
Chris opened his eyes.  “Here what is?”  he stated not even expecting an answer.  He saw a winding river to his right that was lined with several buildings.  The first building had a sign above it that read ‘The Moyor Mercantile.’  A small road ran past the mercantile towards the river to a smaller building with a large wheel that set in the river, turning as the water pushed through it.  Past the mercantile was a one room, shed sized, building labeled, ‘Post Office.’
“This is Coar.”  Mr. Kinsley said, answering Chris’ rhetorical question.  “That there is the Tradin’ Store or the Mercantile as they now call it, then the Post Office, that building on the corner is the boardin'house, best stew around.  Across the way, there is the school and church and last but not least, my livery, way there on the end.  It’s the first thing people see when they come up from Branson, though, so I ain’t complainin’.
“What river is that?”  Chris asked with nothing but confusion rolling through his mind.
“That there is the Oak Forest River that I told you about earlier.  The people here have been using it to get supplies from Shorlin for years..  Across it is the Oak Forest which is where the river got it’s name.”
“Oak Forest Park!  Oak Forest River between Shorlin and Branson?  This is Coar City?”
“You must be from smaller parts if you think this is a city, but yep, this is Coar.  It’s not much but it’s gone up nicely for less than two decades it’s been around.  People started settlin’ down here around 1850 or so.  You’ll never meet a nicer bunch of folk.”
Chris closed his eyes and squeezed them shut trying to wake if this was a dream.  “What year is it?”  He almost whispered.
Mr. Kinsley gave him a questioned look.  “Why it’s May, 1868.”
Chris shot a glance at him.  “Who is president of the United States?”  he almost shouted.
“It’s Johnson, Andrew Johnson… son, are you alright?”
“I have to go.”  Chris got up and jumped from the slow moving wagon.
‘What is going on?’  Chris rang through his mind over and over as he ran in the opposite direction out of town.  ‘This can’t be, how could I be in 1868?  I’m either dreaming or I have gone insane.  Here I thought Louis Kinsley was crazy and I’m the one who’s lost his mind.’
Chris stomped down the road looking for any sign of civilization.  ‘Maybe this was an elaborate joke, after all, he’d only met one person.  Maybe Mr. Kinsley was a friend or a parent of one of the gang members.’  That had to be it, there was no other explanation.  Time travel is not possible.’
He passed a large farm that he remembered passing while riding with Mr. Kinsley, if that is his real name.  This farm was not huge but it had been the largest set-up he’d seen all day.  He visually scoured the roof top and around the house, no wires, no phones, no electricity.  Why bother stopping, they’re probably in on this too.  Maybe this was the gangs plan of how to kill him.  Dump him out here to die of hunger, thirst, exposure, even fear.  Were the members of the gang that elaborate to come up with such a detailed scheme?  And what about that river?  
Chris had grown up around that river and knew it by heart, every twist and turn and depth of it.  He had just seen the Oak Forest River.  The city park across it, however, was now thick forest.  
Chris looked to the West to see the sun touching the horizon.  ‘It’s going to be dark soon and I have no place to go.  I’ve spent this entire day walking in a giant circle, have only met one person and besides town, had only seen two homes… well, besides that soddy.’  Chris’ thoughts halted. 
“The soddy.  Mr. Kinsley said nobody was living there, surely no one would know if I spent the night.”
He picked up his pace in order to get to the soddy before dark.  When he reached it, he let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding.  He entered the door-less doorway only to look at the bed frame with no mattress.  ‘Ugh.’ he remembered how uncomfortable it was to lay on for only a few minutes, he wouldn’t last all night.
He stepped out the door and stared at the sea of grass glimmering in the sunset.  With the last of his strength, he walked to the side of the soddy and started yanking big handfuls of the tall grass, some chunks coming up with their roots.  When he had an armful, he carried  the bundle into the soddy and laid the grass over the ropes.  He’d had an idea to weave them in multiple directions to at least make a solid surface but that would take more grass and even more time.  ‘This will have to do.’
He laid down not onto luxurious comfort, but he’d slept on worse.  Even last night when he slept on concrete behind a smelly dumpster.  If he was transported overnight to 1868, maybe he’ll go back tonight, but what was he really going back to?

Chapter 5

Chris woke up the next morning stiff and sore.  ‘What a dream!’ he thought before prying his eyes open.  He tried to roll to his side and felt the crossing ropes dig into his ribs.  Shivers ran over his goose bumped skin and his body screamed for food and water.
“I’m still here.”  he said in defeat.
At that very moment he heard horses hooves and the racket of wagon wheels.  Chris slowly rose from his bed to go meet who had stopped in front of the soddy.  Mr. Kinsley was the only one who knew anything about him.
Chris was surprised to see another man climbing down from the wagon bench.  This man was as tall as Mr. Kinsley but had broad shoulders and was thick throughout.  His hair was shorter and he wore only a mustache, no beard.  He wore the same style clothing but his seemed of better quality or at least better maintained.
Chris hoped this was not Mr. Horton coming back to reclaim his home, find him there and throw him out by the seat of his pants.  Chris did not want a confrontation, he just needed a place to rest until he could figure out how to get home.
“Christopher Scholt?”
Chris’ eyes popped.  How did this stranger know his name?  “It’s CHRIS.”  he said through clenched teeth.  “How did you know my name?”
“I heard about you from Louis Kinsley.  Seems he tried helping you out yesterday and you ran off on him.  He told me you might be here.”
“and?”  Chris sneered.
“I’m George Browley, my family and I own the Browley farm down the road and as of three days ago, I now own this entire property including this here sod house.”
“Mr. Kinsley said that Mr. and Mrs. Horton own it and they took off South without selling.”  Chris added as if it were his business.
“Well, that was the case, son…”  ‘son.. Ugh!’ “… but see, I’ve been in contact with Mr. Horton and he decided to sell to me since I have the adjoining property.  That now doubles my crop.  The sale was final last Friday.  So, it seems we have a problem.”
"What problem?!”  Chris felt the urge to lunge at him but restrained himself.
“Well, it looks like you’re trespassing on my property.”
Chris stood there, mouth gapped open.  “Where do you expect me to go?”  He snapped.
“How far are you from home?”
‘Oh, I don’t know… about 130 years!’  Chris thought.
“I can’t go back.”  Chris finally said.  What he really meant was that he didn’t know how.
“You’re not in trouble with the law, are ya Christopher?”
“It’s CHRIS!”
“Christopher is your given birth name, isn’t it?”
“Well, yeah, but I prefer Chris.  Why does no one feel they can respect that here?”
“My apologies, Chris, but you haven’t answered my question.  Are you runnin’ from the law?”
‘Not anymore.’  Chris thought better.  “No.”  he replied.
“You plan on staying in these parts?”
“I suppose I don’t have a choice.”  Chris grumbled with glaring eyes.
“I have a proposition for you then.”
“What kind of proposition?”  Chris didn’t know if it was the lack of sleep, hunger or the confusion of the situation but he could feel his insides begin to boil.  He hated this man when he’d given him little reason to.  ‘I JUST WANT TO GO HOME!’ screamed inside Chris’ head.  ‘I’m the one who needs help and this joker wants something from me?’
“I’m willing to let you live here in this soddy if you come and help on my family’s farm as payment.”  Mr. Browley continued.
‘Oh,’ Chris thought.  ‘I get to stay here in this bed-less, heatless crap hole in the Earth if I come and bust my back at your stupid farm?’  “No deal!”  Chris snipped.  “Even though I can’t get home right now, I still need to try.”
“No need to get course with me, son.  Just puttin’ the offer on the table.”
“I’ll just be on my way then.”  Chris replied, calmer but still with some attitude in his voice.
“Now hold it right there a minute.”  Mr. Browley continued.  “I’ll be willing to do one more thing for you that I hope you’ll accept.”
‘Doubtful!’
“Makes no sense for you to be travelin’ out when the West looks black as coal.  There’s a storm comin’.  You can stay here one more night and head out in the morning if that’s what you still choose.”
‘No way!’  Chris thought until he looked over the trees to the West.  Sure enough, there was a wall of darkness creeping in like someone had draped black satin over the Earth.  “I guess one more night.  But what good is this shelter from a storm without a door or window?”
“Well, since the openings face the South, it shouldn’t be too bad.  I’ll be out tomorrow to see if you’ve gone or if you’ve changed your mind about my offer.”
“Whatever!  I won’t be here!”  Chris exclaimed.
Mr. Browley tossed him a stern look which wrinkled his brow.  Without another word, he turned, climbed the wagon wheel to resume his seat on the high-rise bench.  He gave the reins a quick snap and clicked his tongue.  The horses crept forward, walked in to the field and around again to go in the opposite direction.  They acted as though they knew exactly where home was.
Chris scoffed as he glared down the road until Mr. Browley was out of sight.
“The nerve of these people!  That wasn’t a fair exchange at all and he knew it!  Hours of blood, sweat and tears just to live in this tiny hole in a hill?  I might as well be back in prison.  At least there, I could eat, watch TV and have a better bed than I have here!  He’s just trying to take advantage of me cause I’m new.  I may be young but I’m NOT stupid!”
Chris turned and took his anger out on trying to collect more grass.  It seemed more stubborn than before, either that or Chris was weaker.  He bent his aching back backward to stretch it, looking around.  He again noticed that tiny shed behind the soddy.  
“Maybe there are tools in there that could help me with this grass.”
He just needed a little more to pile on the bed frame to make tonight better than last night.  If he was to set out on an endless, pointless journey tomorrow, he needed some rest.
He trudged up the hill and across the way to the shed.  Still upset with his conversation with Mr. Browley and the entire situation, he violently whipped open the door.  Through the cloud of flies that swarmed him and the horrible stench, all he saw was a box built onto the ground inside the shed with a hole in the top center.
“An outhouse?!”
Chris turned and fell to his knees.  He began to heave but his empty stomach failed to provide a single thing for him to throw up.
His insides boiled out of control as he could feel the anger bubble to the top and erupting like a volcano.
“AAAHHHHH!!!!  WHY am I here?!  WHY me?!”  Chris shook his fists toward the sky.  “I asked for your help and your guidance and this is what you do to me?!  You’re not a merciful God, like Grandma taught me, to put me out here to die of starvation and thirst!  I DON’T NEED YOU!  I’ll do this on my own!  I’ll find my own way home!”
Chris fell to the ground weak with despair.  He felt all his strength, all of his hope drift away from his near lifeless body.  If he was home, he would be to the point of crime again.  The only way to survive, breaking into a convenience store after closing would provide him with something to eat and drink.  If desperate enough, he’d break into the cash register taking at least enough to get a cheap but more comfortable motel bed.
A sudden, strong gust of wind nearly blew Chris over as he struggled to get back onto his feet.  Last fall’s leaves swirled in circles around him as the blackened sky lit up with multiple lightning bolts.  Thunder rumbled the ground beneath him as the wind picked up speed.  His clothes glued to his front as they whipped and flowed behind him, he pushed against the fury trying to reach the soddy.
Reaching the top of the hill, Chris was forced back down to his knees as the blasts were impossible to walk against.  Leaves, dirt and twigs whizzed past his head.  The trees bent in half and the prairie grasses now laid flat.  Chris could barely keep his eyes open to see where he was going.  Suddenly, something struck him and sliced his arm.  The force of the impact knocked him down as he rolled down the side of the hill, crawling through the unprotected doorway of the sod house.  He huddled in-between the bed and the iron stove, he grasped his arm which spewed blood.
The dirt wall behind him began to rumble as the wind squealed like an out of control train.  The legs of the table and chairs shook and vibrated, moving around as if they had their own minds and were trying to escape the squall. 
Against what Mr. Browley had stated, the South facing opening of the shelter yielded no protection from the intensity of the storm.  Debris seemed to know exactly where to enter the home and whirled around the room striking anything in it’s way.
Chris looked around the room which seemed possessed, scouring for another place to hide.  Under the table, under the bed?  Would the iron stove offer more protection or be more of a danger to be around?  Surely being in the deepest part of the hill would offer him more protection.  Under the bed.  Chris got to his knees to crawl under when he felt a numbing blow to the back of his head.  Then… darkness.

Chris woke to a cold cloth being pressed against his forehead.  He tried to move his weak body which ached immensely.  He couldn't seem to lift his arms, open his eyes or even speak.  
"There, there... just relax."  a soothing voice whispered.
"G..rand..ma?"  he forced out.
"No, sweetheart."  came the female voice again.
Chris did not recognize the voice but the comfort in her tone set him at ease.  He wasn't laying on hard ropes but on a fluffy pad.  The room was warm and through the heavy scent of kerosene, he could smell bread baking.  He didn't know if he was alive or dead, he didn't know what year it was, he didn't know what had happened to him.  
He could recall the storm and the debris flying around the sod house but everything since had gone black, as black as the sky before the storm hit.  Had it all been a dream?
He pried his eyes open just a crack and had to take a moment to allow them to focus.  He was in a small room, no larger than his mother's bedroom in their apartment.  At the foot of the bed he noticed, through the window, the dusty light.  It was either dawn or dusk.  The kerosene lamp on the bedside table dimly lit the room as well as giving off some much needed heat.  Chris' body felt half dead.  The only movement it seemed to allow were shivers.
He glanced up at his care taker.  She was a middle aged woman, plump but with a smooth, attractive face.  Her hair was swept up and came together in a bulky but neat bun.  She wore a full dress with an apron tied around her middle.  Her smile helped warm the room.
"Who... are... you?"  Chris struggled getting each word to come out.
"Save your strength, I want you to try to take in some of this broth."  She helped prop him just a little by adding one more pillow under his head and began spoon feeding him chicken flavored water.  Just the warmth and wetness of it seemed to fuel his body.
"My name is Ruth Browley.  You met my husband, George, several days ago..."
"I... met him... yesterday.."
"No, you met him earlier this week, you've been here, sleeping, since the morning after the tornado, which was over three days ago.  Mr. Browley headed to the sod house the next morning to see if you were alright and found you lying on the floor.  You had blood coming from your arm and from both sides of your head.  We figure you were hit in the back of the head with the table that detached from the wall and you must of hit your forehead on the bed frame on your way down... hard enough to render you unconscious.  Mr. Browley was very concerned for you, so he brought you home with him.  We‘ve been caring for you since.  I‘m relieved to see you awake, I‘m sure everyone will be.”
Chris’ head ached, not only from the wounds but trying to register all of the information just given to him.  He lifted his head as much as he could to take in another spoonful of broth.  He let it slide down, soothing his dry, scratchy throat.
“A tornado?”
“Yes, we do get them often in the spring months, here, but they are rarely that large, the path around the sod house is evident.  It didn’t seem to hit any other area.  We’re grateful for our property and that the twister didn’t hit town.  Seems it was coming after only you.”  she said with a joking chuckle.
“It may have been.”  Chris stated, remembering his fist shaking and angry shouting.
“What on Earth do you mean?”  Mrs. Browley’s grin turned solemn.
“Right before the storm hit, I cursed God and told him I didn’t need him, I could find my way out of here.  Do you think this is my punishment?”
“Not a punishment, Christopher.  Perhaps this was God’s way of reminding you that you cannot rely on your own strength, you do need Him and He may be telling you that this is where He wants you to be.”
Chris ignored the fact that she had called him Christopher.  “There could have been another way to do that.”
“The good Lord knows what we will and will not listen to, this was His way of reaching you... It is up to you if you decide to trust and obey or not.”
Chris took one more spoonful and laid his head back, closing his eyes.
“You rest a bit.  I will send Mr. Browley up a little later to check on you.”  Mrs. Browley removed the second pillow, tucked the quilt up around his shoulders and swept a lock of hair out of Chris’ face.  With floating grace, she got up and walked out of the room.
Chris tried to go back to sleep but couldn’t stop thinking of what Mrs. Browley had said about God trying to get his attention.
“You’ve got it.  Now what do you want me to do?”  he whispered.
Then, he slept.

The next time he woke, sunshine streamed through the window.  Not knowing if it was dawn or dusk last time he was awake, he could have slept through the night or just a few hours.  Or a day and a half for all he knew.  
He could hear some commotion outside of the room he’d laid in almost a week.  He heard grown up voices, kids voices, male and female voices.  Footsteps seemed to be running up or down stairs.  He smelled bacon frying and a hint of coffee.
‘It must be morning.’  he thought.
It took all he could muster to accomplish the seemingly difficult job to sit up.  When he flipped over his blanket, he was mortified to see that he was no longer dressed.  He wore only a long, nighty looking thing.  He still had his boxers on, though, which was the only thing that made him feel a little relieved.
The sound of footsteps ascending the stairs made Chris dress faster than he ever had.   His clothes that laid over the chair in the corner of the small room smelled fresh and clean.  They were pressed and folded neatly.  He whipped on his pants and barely had his shirt over his head when he heard a soft knock on the door.  Clenching his teeth through the pain of lifting his wounded arm and pulling his shirt over the bandages wrapped around his head, he quietly muttered for whoever was at the door to come in.
Mr. Browley, the man he'd briefly met days ago, entered but he wasn't alone.
"Chris."  Mr. Browley began.  "How are you feeling?"
"Fine, I guess."  Chris muttered still holding a grudge for this man.
"I'd like you to meet the Pastor of Coar.  Mr. Franklin Walling.  He has been watching over you this past week."
Chris' eyebrows wrinkled in.  Watching him?  What was that supposed to mean?
"We've been awfully worried about you, son."  Pastor Walling stated noticing the scowl on Chris' face at the word 'son'.  "We thought for a couple of days that the Lord was calling you home."
"Maybe he should have!"  Chris grumbled.  "He's the one that did this to me."
"What do you mean?" the pastor asked, concerned.
"Minutes before the storm hit, I cursed Him.  This was surely his revenge."
"We do not have a revengeful God, Christopher.  He may have been speaking to you in a lesson sort of way but not in revenge.  He loves you and only wants the best for you."
"My name is CHRIS!"  he stated without even acknowledging anything the pastor had said after that.  "If I'm going to be stuck here forever, I might as well tattoo my name onto my forehead... along with 'do NOT call me son."
Mr. Browley and Pastor Walling looked at one another with baffled expressions at the word 'tattoo' but did not question it.
"Where are you from Chris?  How did you get here?"  The pastor reluctantly asked.
Again, Chris had no idea how to answer this question.  They would never believe him, they would think he was crazy.  How could he tell them that he was from HERE but from 1998?  If they had nut houses in 1868, he'd be heading for one, for sure.
"To tell you the absolute truth, I don't know how I got here."  Chris said without any further information.
"Sounds like you may be suffering from some Amnesia.  Do you know where you are?"
"Coar, I guess.  At least that's what everybody keeps telling me."
"and you don't remember anything from before you woke up here in Coar?"
Chris paused.  Amnesia might be the ticket for him to play to stop all of the 'where are you from' questions.  Anything to get the people of this town off his back until he could figure out how to get out of here.
"Nothing... I remember nothing."  Chris lied, but convincingly. 


Chapter 6

The pastor and Mr. Browley left Chris sitting on his bed.  He briefly studied the room.  It looked old fashioned but clean.  Everything was made of unfinished wood except the mattress that was comfortable enough but poked him if he rolled over just right and the small braided rug on the floor.  The table next to him held a tray of eggs, bacon and coffee that Mrs. Browley had brought up to him minutes after Mr. Browley and Pastor Walling stepped out.  
The sun shining through the window made the room warm up and showered it with glorious light.
Chris' head seemed to hold a beat as his wrapped wounds continued to throb.  He closed his eyes and clenched them shut.
"What am I supposed to do?"  He said out loud, feeling more helpless than the night he hunkered down behind that city dumpster.  
"Pray."  a voice softly said.
Chris whipped open his eyes to see a lovely young girl standing in the doorway.
"I'm sorry to intrude but my mother sent me up here to fetch your tray.  You haven't touched a thing."
Chris felt his body sink further into the bed.  This striking girl was talking to him but he couldn't hear a single word.  The light streaming in from the hallway beamed around her making her glow like an angel.  She had the sides of her golden hair swept up and tied in the back while the rest of it flowed down over her shoulders, her face, not made up, still glowed with radiant beauty.  She wore the same style clothing as her mother including an apron but with the tie string wrapped several times around her tiny waist.
"Are you alright?"  she asked in a soft, feminine voice, her blue eyes sparkling at him.
"Y-yeah, I'm fine... I just got really tired, all of the sudden."  Chris stated trying to recover from his mouth-open stare.
"Are you not hungry?"  she asked pointing to the full tray.
"I am, I've just been lost in thought.  I'll eat.  Who are you?"
"My name is Hanna, Hanna Browley.  You're at my family's farm.  This is my room, actually.  I've been bunkin' with my sister, Priscilla..."  she caught herself and paused.  "I guess it's not proper to talk of such things."
"It's fine."  Chris assured her.
Hanna smiled nervously and turned to leave.  "I'll be back up a little later to fetch that tray or my Ma will.  You make sure you eat all that if you can.  It was nice to meet you Chris."  She tossed him a half grin and strolled out of the room.
Chris sat dumb-struck wondering what had just happened to him.  He'd never seen such a beautiful creature before.  His heart raced, his thoughts jumbled, his stomach twisted.  What was happening to him?
After eating all that was given to him and finishing every last drop of the coffee, Chris got up onto his feet for the first time in days.  He felt useless and stupid just lying in bed all day long.  He needed to figure out what his next step was going to be, he couldn't do that holed up in this tiny bedroom.  Most of all, however, he wanted another glimpse of Hanna.
After putting his tennis shoes back on, tying them up, he shuffled to the door and cracked it open.  He entered into one of two small hallways that were separated by an open staircase heading downstairs.  A large window above the staircase allowed the sunshine to stream in revealing the thousands of tiny dust speckles.  Two doors were on the other side of the staircase and two more doors on the side he'd just come out of.  He took the left turn out of the room and headed to the top of the stairs.
Looking straight down, he noticed the front door.  He listened for any movement.  All he heard were a few clinks of what sounded like pans.  He slowly descended the stairs making sure to stabilize his balance by grasping the hand rail.
When he reached the bottom, looking to the left, he noticed a small living room.  It consisted of only a small, old fashioned sofa and two rocking chairs surrounding a table, all situated around the grand fireplace.  To the right, he saw only a dining table, the first four legged piece of furniture he’d seen on his journey so far.  It was surrounded by six chairs.
Chris heard the clanking again and took another step to the right, rounding the wall from the staircase.  Beyond the dining room was a small kitchen.  A sink and water pump sat on the back wall next to a door leading underneath the stairs, a counter top sat on the other side rounding the corner in a V shape to the other wall and stopped a foot or so before the stove.  At the stove, he set his eyes on that plump woman he’d met before, bending over to fetch something from the oven.  She carefully took two loaves of bread out of the iron stove and laid them, on their sides onto the wooden counter, covering them with cloths.
As though she sensed his presence, she turned and shot him a concerned look.
“Well, good morning Mr. Scholt.  You really shouldn’t be out of bed.”
“I’m fine, I didn’t know if I could lay there one more minute.”  Chris said while inhaling the fragrance of the freshly baked bread.
“I understand.”  Mrs. Browley said with a sympathetic smile.  “All is well, it will give me a chance to strip the bed and wash the linens.”
“Where did everybody go?”  Chris asked only wondering about the one person he couldn’t shake from his mind.  “it just seems really quiet in here.”
“Oh, I hope the hustle and bustle of the morning didn’t disturb you.  I know the children can be pretty loud running up and down those stairs.”
“I wasn’t disturbed, I was just wondering.  What time is it?”
“It’s nearly eight o’clock.  The children have already headed off to school and Mr. Browley is out in the barn finishing up his morning chores before he heads out to work the fields.  He was wanting to speak with you again before heading out but since you’re up... I’ll go get him.”  she stated while wiping her floured hands on her apron.
“No, that’s ok.  If he wants to talk to me...”  ‘about what, I couldn’t even care less!’  Chris thought in the middle of his sentence.  “I can go out to him.”
“Are you sure?”  Mrs. Browley’s expression turned back to concern.
“It’s fine.  I need some air.  Where’s the barn?”
“Just go back around the stairs, through the parlor and wood porch, you’ll see it from there.  Mr. Browley works in the barn from back to front, so you should see him as soon as you enter.  Would you like me to show you the way?”
“No, I’ll find it.”
Chris turned and made his way through the house.  He stepped out of the door from the parlor to enter an enclosed porch that held the wood.  The winter had nearly depleted the stock as the piles looked in need of refilling. 
Through the outside door, he rested his eyes upon a large yard.  An impressive garden took up most of it and appeared to be freshly manicured with rows plowed into it.  Nothing seemed to be sprouting yet, but it was still early May.  A clothes line spread across the other side of the yard, strung between three trees.  The sheets and towels swayed in the gentle, warm breeze.  Opposite of the barn was the outhouse, hopefully in better shape of the one from the dugout home.
Chris took the three steps down off the porch and headed toward the barn.  The large, front door was already open.  Before even getting twenty feet from the door, the smell slapped Chris right in the face.  It made him stop, dead in his tracks.  
‘Nothing could be worse than that outhouse.’  Chris thought as he began walking again, but taking shallower breaths.
Trying to ignore the overwhelming stench of the barn, his eyes scoured the building for Mr. Browley.  This barn was far larger than the one he'd seen at Mr. Kinsley's.  When first entering, the six cows were the first to greet you, three on each side.  They stood in their own small pens.  Their feed troughs were facing the back wall so that their rears were facing out.
As he took one more step forward, he noticed Mr. Browley sitting on a small stool next to the third cow, milking her.
Chris took a couple more steps forward, shuffling his feet on purpose to announce his presence.
“Well, Chris Scholt.  You’ve decided to grace us with your presence.  Nice to see you up and about.  What can I do for you?”
“Your wife said you wanted to speak with me.”  Chris said instantly raising his guard.
“That I did.”  Mr. Browley said, raising to his feet.  “how are you feeling?”
“Fine...”  Chris slowly answered wondering if that was all he wanted.
“I was hesitant to make this decision without consulting you, but there is a doctor from Shorlin we use since we don’t have our own doc.   I was wondering if you felt the need to have him come down.”
“NO!  I mean, I’m fine.”
“Good, that brings me to the next order of business.  Since you seem to be suffering from a bout of Amnesia, you don’t have any plans to be wondering off, do ya?”
Chris raised his brow.  “Why?”  he snapped.
“Well, the attitude you seem to have towards me doesn’t make me want to help you any less.  The offer I presented to you days ago is still in good standing.  I would like for you to come help us on our farm.  Once you’re feeling better, the family and I can go out and fix up that sod house for you to stay in.  You can come out in the morning, have your meals with us and head back home in the evening.  I’d be doing you a favor, son.. err... Chris, but really, you’d be helping me out.  I could use an extra set of hands around here.  My son, Mason is 12 years old and helps me considerably but the work it too big for two and he’s in school most of the day.  I’d be obliged if you’d at least consider.”
What choice did he have?  He had no where to go, no way to live, no food or water to survive.  Most importantly, in his mind, this would be an excellent excuse to see Hanna every day.  That was the decision maker for him.
“I will accept your offer.  On one condition...”
Mr. Browley’s eyebrows raised.
“... that this be temporary.  As soon as I figure out what’s going on and how I can get home, I’m out of here!”
Mr. Browley thought a moment.  “Good enough.”  he stated extending an arm.
Reluctantly, Chris reached out and shook his outreached hand.
“When do you think you’ll be feeling up to starting?”
“What else have I got to do?”  Chris answered with a sneer in his voice.
“I’ll start you with some easy tasks then, until you’re feeling up to it.  Let me show you around first.  These are our cows, we'd love to have a barn full of them but six are plenty to keep our family lavished with milk, cream and butter.  Maybe some day we can get a bull and start breeding them."
Chris wanted to cover his face with his shirt but thought it to be un-manly.  'It's just a smell, it won't kill you.'  Chris thought while taking shallower breaths.
"Over here we have our two horses, the Sam's."
"The Sam's?"  Chris repeated.
"Yep, we allowed Mason and Priscilla to name the pair.  Mason wanted Sam for the gelding and Priscilla insisted on Samantha for the mare, so we decided to call them the Sam's.  They make a great team, these two.  Hoping they'll give us a colt before Samantha gets too old.  These two work hard for this farm, not only do they pull the wagon but they also break their backs out on the field in front of the plow and harrow."  Mr. Browley pointed at two strange contraptions near the back door of the barn.  One was a large sharp object with two handles coming up from it and the other was triangle shaped with spikes coming out of the bottom.
"They've been good to us but their getting up there in years, I'd like to retire them to just the wagon and get some oxen for the field work.  Over here, we have our two goats who just had a baby last month and our chicken coop out back.  They've blessed us with eggs that the Moyors buy at their mercantile.  Up above, here, is the loft where we'll be putting the hay later this summer, if you're still with us come then."  Mr. Browley stated, almost mockingly as he turned to walk back to the front of the barn.
"You ever milked a cow before?”
“Uh, no... I’ve always bought my milk, like normal people.”
“Well, why buy it when you have a barn full of cows, huh?  I have two left that need milking.  You grab that stool and head this way.”
‘This stinks!’  Chris thought as he grabbed the small, three legged stool and headed to the second cow.
“Have a seat.”  Mr. Browley stated, pointing to the stool he’d just arranged on the floor beside the thick beast.  “You want to grab the teat and squeeze while gently pulling down, like this.”
Chris hesitantly grabbed two of the teats as Mr. Browley did and tried to mirror his actions.  Nothing came out.  He tried again.  Nothing.  Chris let out a frustrated grunt as the cow’s tail whipped him in the face.
“Ugh!”
“It’s alright, it’s not as easy as some think.  You’ll get it, just remember your patience.  The trick is the squeezing as you pull down.  It has to be precise for it to work.”
Chris tried again as a small drop came out of each teat.  Even though it was frustrating to get so little out, a feeling of triumph came over Chris as an involuntary smile spread across his face.
“There ya go, you’re gettin’ it!”  Mr. Browley stated with pride.
The more Chris worked at it the more came out.  After twenty grueling, hand cramping minutes, he finished up the first cow he’d ever milked.
“Now be sure to strip the teat when you’re through, we need to make sure we get every last drip out so the cows don’t come down with Mastitis.”  Mr. Browley said, showing him what he meant.
“Masti... what?”  Chris asked, confused.
“Mastitis.  It’s a disease the dairy cows can get from bacteria.  Not a pretty sight and devastating to the milk and the cows.  I’ve lost several to it so we’re extra careful to prevent it.  That’s why stripping the teat is so important.  Let’s finish this last cow and I can show you the fields.”
It took Chris about the same amount of time to finish the last cow but he seemed to be catching onto the rhythm of the process.  Left, right, left, right, swoosh, swoosh.
“You’re a natural.  You sure you’ve never farmed before?”
Chris didn’t know how to take the compliment.  He was a stranger to personal praise so he just looked up at Mr. Browley and shrugged his shoulders.  Instead of taking in the kind words, he racked his brain for a motive Mr. Browley could possibly have for being so nice to him.  This was all just too foreign to him.
After several back breaking hours out in the fields, Chris heard the chime of a bell.
“Dinner time.”  Mr. Browley announced as he strolled by Chris.
“I thought you were going to take it easy on me today.”  Chris snobbishly stated, wiping his dripping, dirt covered forehead.  His clean clothes now soiled with earth and sweat.
“I am.”  Mr. Browley said over his shoulder with a crooked smile.
Chris trudged his way up to the house and followed Mr. Browley up to the wash basin off of the back porch mimicking his actions.  After they were both washed up, they entered the back porch, around the parlor and to the table.  Chris fell into his chair.
“Well now, look at you.  Mr. Browley put you right to work, huh?”  Mrs. Browley said as she put a plate in front of Chris.
Chris only grunted as he breathed in the aroma of the stew and corn muffins that had been set in front of him.  Without another thought, he picked up his fork and dug in.
“Aren’t we forgetting the blessing?”  
Chris looked up to see them both staring at him with wide eyes.  He slowly put down his fork and folded his hands.  As they both folded their hands, closed their eyes and bowed their heads, Chris continued to watch them not even bothering to take in the words of Mr. Browley’s prayer.
“In Jesus’ holy name, we pray... A-men.”  Mr. Browley finished.
Chris waited until one of them began eating before picking up his fork again.  He devoured his food as if it was his last meal, instantly regretting how fast he ate as his body felt heavy and more tired than it had since his arrival.
“Are you sure you’re not working him too hard?”  Mrs. Browley stated to her husband.  “I think he should take a small rest before sending him back out, he is still injured, you know.”
“Do you need a rest, Chris?”  Mr. Browley said, staring him down.
‘Is this a test?’ Chris thought.  He did want to lay down but was also afraid of being shown up by a man almost twice his age.  ‘I’m stronger than that.’ Chris thought stubbornly.
“I’m fine.”
“There you have it, missus, he’s a trooper.”  Mr. Browley bragged to his wife.
In a haze, Chris rose from his seat and set out behind Mr. Browley.  
‘This will surely be the death of me.’  he thought as they resumed their duties out in the field.
When the supper bell rang several hours later, the only thing that gave Chris any gumption to walk up to the house was knowing he was going to see Hanna.  He knew everybody was back from school when Mason joined them in the fields hours earlier.  The three of them washed up in the basin and headed into the house.
As they all took their places at the table, Mr. and Mrs. Browley at each end, Chris and Mason on the left side and Hanna and Priscilla on the right, Chris couldn't help but watch Hanna.  She moved with amazing grace and swiftness.  He could tell she knew her duties and had done them for a while.  All three of the women, well two women and one girl, Priscilla was only nine years old, laid the spread on the table.  Roasted ham, mashed potatoes, corn on the cob and biscuits.  Chris had never seen a table so full of food.  This wasn't dinner to him, this was a Thanksgiving feast.
"How was your first day on the job, Chris?"  Mrs. Browley asked as she took her seat.
"Fine."  was all he could manage to say.
"Would you like to say the blessing?"
Chris' eyes widened.  The only prayers he knew how to say were that of desperation or anger.  He'd never said a prayer to bless food, people or their day.
"I.. no... I don't know how... "  he stammered.
They all stared at him for just a moment but long enough to make Chris feel the most uncomfortable he could remember ever feeling, and that included being in prison.  What could they possibly be thinking of him right now.
"In good time."  Mrs. Browley stated in a kind voice with a quick wink.  "Hanna, would you care to say the supper blessing?"
"Yes, Ma."  she simply said.  Everyone clasped their hands together and bowed their heads.  This time, Chris did the same and hung onto her every word.  He was shocked when she had mentioned him in the prayer, thanking God for sending him to their home to help with the farm and praised Him for healing nicely from his incident.  
He looked up at her as she said these things and was touched.  It made him want to know more about her.  Before anyone could notice him watching her, he quickly closed his eyes and bowed his head until she delivered the 'A-men.'
"You look tired, Chris.  George, I think you've worked him too hard today.  Maybe we can give him some simpler tasks tomorrow until he is feeling a little more rested from his trials."  
Mr. Browley looked up at Chris with the same expression he'd given him during lunch.  Another test?  Now, it would be more than being shown up in front of him but the entire family, and Hanna.
"It's ok."  Chris said in his most burly, man voice.
"Well, I was thinking..."  Mrs. Browley continued.  "that you could help Hanna with the garden tomorrow while Priscilla and I work on the items we need to fix up the sod house.  George, you and Mason can continue working on the fields.  Tomorrow being Saturday, we'll have a team of hands on each project."
"Well, I don't know..."  Mr. Browley started.
'Working, alone with Hanna?  What could be better than that.  I could really show her what I'm made of.'  Chris thought trying to hide his smirk.
"If nobody minds, I would prefer that."  Chris quickly spoke up.
"It's settled then."  Mrs. Browley announced giving her husband a sideways glance.
"Very well."  Mr. Browley agreed.  "I suppose you'd be pretty valuable around here if you learned every angle of this farm and that garden is just as important as our cows and fields.  I'll be getting you and Mason up in the morning to help me milk, though, agreed?"
"Yes, sir."  Mason answered as if he was about to salute his father.
Chris simply nodded then turned to Hanna with a smile.  To his surprise, she was smiling back at him.
"Gardening is not as easy as it sounds."  she said.
"I think I can handle it."  Chris replied.

Chapter 7

Chris woke up the next morning stiff and sore.  He had slept so hard that the side of his face hurt and he was certain it was imprinted from the pillow.  It was not light out yet but he could hear movement downstairs and could smell coffee.  He leaned over and struck a match to light the kerosene lamp.  Surprisingly, it wasn't as easy as it seemed.  He kept turning the knob the wrong way making the wick go down rather than up, snuffing the flame.  It took him a couple of tries to get it right making him feel like a fool.  Oh, how he missed electricity and light switches.
Once he had light and found his clothes, he heard footsteps on the stairs, down the hall and stopping at his door.
"Chris?"
"Come in."  Chris answered after he quickly pulled on his jeans.  
Mr. Browley cracked open the door.  "Coffee is on, if you want a cup before heading out to the barn, you need to be downstairs in five minutes."
"I'll be down."  Chris answered with some curt in his voice, annoyed that he now felt rushed.
"I brought you something from the missus"  he held out a folded pile of clothes with a pair of boots in the other hand.  "she took some of my old clothes and hemmed them up for you last night.  We're not sure what type of material you're clothes are but they don't seem to move with you well out in the fields.  You're going to be doing a lot of bending and squatting today in the garden, so these might suit you better.  You're shoes are nothing we've ever seen before either."  Mr. Browley cleared his throat.  "Wouldn't want you to ruin them in all this mud and dirt, so here are some work boots."
Chris, trying to be insulted, took the clothes and tossed them onto the bed next to him.
"I don't mean to tell ya what to do, but Mrs. Browley worked hard fittin' those clothes for you last night, it would be nice to thank her when you come down.  See you in a few minutes."  Without even waiting for a response, he strolled out the door.
Chris fumbled through the clothes and was mortified that it was a white, button down shirt, a pair of brown pants with suspenders and a jacket that matched the material of the pants.  The boots seemed in decent shape but were a little big for him.  What was wrong with his jeans, t-shirt and tennis shoes.  What?  He didn't fit in with the clothes he was wearing?
'No, I suppose I don't.'  he thought.  'but I'm not here to fit in with anyone, either.'
He slipped on the embarrassing clothes and started down the stairs really wanting that cup of coffee.
"You take it black like everyone else?"  Mrs. Browley asked, handing him a cup.
"Sure."  he responded taking the steaming cup.  He looked over at Mr. Browley who was looking intently at him.  "Oh, and... um... thanks for making these clothes for me."  he muttered to Mrs. Browley.
"Oh, you are certainly welcome.  I figured with your hard work yesterday, you deserved your own pair of field duds."  she said with a smile.  She patted him on the shoulder and turned to check on whatever was in the oven.
Chris plopped into the dining chair and inhaled the steam from his coffee.
"It's a mite chilly out this morning.  I'm glad the missus added a jacket in with your clothes.  It didn't frost, though which makes me confident that we can start planting the garden today."  Mr. Browley rambled on.
'What do I care?'  was Chris' first thought.
"We're halfway done with our field seedin' and hopefully by the end of next week, we can start plowing and seedin' the old Horton property."  
He seemed to just be talking out loud, to no one in particular.
“That’s nice, dear.”  Mrs. Browley stated, acknowledging her husbands words.
“Ruth, here, is going to get started fixing up your new... or temporary home today.”
“That’s right.  Priscilla and I are going to the Moyor Mercantile to pick up a few supplies for you, then we’ll stuff a mattress for you and weave a rug.  I'm sure we have some old quilts in the trunk upstairs to use for the window and door.  We’ll bring over a few supplies for you to get started with.  It should be cozy in no time.”  She said with another warm smile.
“When you thinkin’ you’d like to take up residence there?”  Mr. Browley asked.
“I suppose as soon as it’s ready.”  Chris replied.  “There still won’t be a door or window?”
“That will take some more time if you don’t want to move in until it’s ready.  I’d have to frame a piece of glass and install it and build a door and a jam for it yet.  The blankets over the openings will get you by.”
“I suppose it’ll do.”  Chris said.  He felt a surge of independence knowing he’d have his own place even though it was just a hole in a hill.  He didn’t know how to feel about returning to a place that almost claimed his life but he figured that could’ve happened anywhere.  
“Well, I suppose we should head out if we want to get most of those animals fed before breakfast.”  Mr. Browley announced while sliding his chair back.
“I’ll call you when breakfast is ready.”  Mrs. Browley called after them.
“I thought Mason was going to help us.”  Chris complained as if he were a child.
“Mason’s been in the barn now for nearly a half hour.  He came out early to gather the eggs for the girls since they’ll be headin’ into town today.”  He glanced back at Chris.  “you could learn a lot from that boy.”
What was that supposed to mean?  Chris sneered at Mr. Browley’s back.  He felt he was doing the best he could.  Even though he’d have to deal with Mr. Browley every day, he couldn’t wait for the soddy to be ready so he could have a little time for himself.  
When the three of them headed in after the breakfast bell chimed, Chris immediately noticed Hanna up and about helping her mother and sister get breakfast on the table.  She looked radiant in the early morning light.  He wasn't sure what he was feeling for this girl but he knew he wanted to know more about her.
After breakfast Mr. Browley, Mason and Chris headed back out to the barn to finish milking the cows.  Chris was surprised how quickly he picked up the process being only his second day at the task.  He was finishing a cow in less than 10 minutes now which was half the time of the day before.  Mason and his father finished almost three to his one but nevertheless, he was proud of his accomplishment.  When the milking was finished and the women were done with breakfast clean up, they all separated into their groups to begin the planned daily tasks.
Mrs. Browley and Priscilla gathered the basket of eggs and headed to town.  Mason and Mr. Browley began working on the field and finally, Chris was able to be alone with Hanna.
She brought him out to the freshly plowed garden and kneeled down next to a basket.  Inside were individually folded cloths.  She explained what seeds were inside each cloth and told Chris how far apart they needed to go from one another.
"On the mounds of dirt in each row, place the seed on top of the soil and press it down with your thumb."  She began.  "We will have four rows of each.  Beans, squash, peas, corn, potatoes, tomatoes and two rows of sunflowers."
"Wow."  Chris exclaimed feeling a little overwhelmed.  "What does your dad plant out in the fields?"
"Pa?"  Hanna responded with a baffled expression.  "He is planting wheat, as he always does.  He makes sure to save some room for feed corn and grain sorghum for the animals and, of course, the hayfield.  We will have room over on the land he just bought from Mr. and Mrs. Horton for the feed crop this year, though.  The good Lord always provides and we're thankful for that extra land this year.  Shall we begin?"  
She took one packet from the basket and moved to the far north side of the garden.  "You see how the rows are plowed?  We plant our vegetables from West to East so they get the same amount of sunlight no matter the time of day.  If we planted them from North to South and the corn in front of the beans, the beans would be shadowed in the morning light by the corn stalks when they've grown their tallest."
Just as she explained, she took seed after seed out of the cloth, placed it gently on the mound of dirt and used her thumb to push it down, being careful to make sure it was completely covered.  "Now this is the sweet corn, so the seeds need to be about 12 inches apart.  I use my foot to judge the distance.  I would go an inch or two past my footprint but you can use just your entire print.  It makes it even that way."  She seemed to keep a smile on her face even though Chris could tell the day was warming her.
"Would you like to try?"  She asked Chris who couldn't take his eyes off of her.  All he managed to shake out was a nod.  Hanna grabbed a handful of the seeds and handed Chris the cloth with the remaining seeds.  "I will finish this row and the next, you can start on the third."  She said as she pointed down the rows.
By the time Hanna had finished her rows and had moved onto another packet of seeds, Chris was just finishing his first row of the sweet corn.  He knew he was trailing behind but doing it correctly, especially in front of Hanna, was more important.
When he started his last row, she was already on the first row of potatoes, in the row right next to him now.  This was his opportunity to talk with her.
"So... uh, how old are you?"  he asked in a stammer, feeling immediately awkward.
"I just turned 16."  she replied, then paused for a moment.  "I heard you may have what they call Amnesia.  Do you not remember anything?  Everybody keeps saying you just appeared from thin air."
'I did.'  Chris thought.  He didn't dare say that, though.  The last thing he wanted was for her to think he was crazy.
"I.. uh, well..."  Chris' brain jumbled.
"Well, look how well you two are working together.  Is he catching on well?"
Chris whipped around to see Mrs. Browley and Priscilla approaching, arms full of packages.  Chris didn't know whether to feel irritated that they had been interrupted or relieved that they saved him from having to answer yet another question about where he came from.
"He's catching on quite nicely."  Hanna said.  Her mother gave them both a gentle smile and turned to resume her duties in the house.
Chris helped complete the four rows of potatoes, he rose to his feet and stretched his back.  He raised his face to the afternoon sun and allowed it to soak into his skin.  He opened his eyes and set them upon Hanna who had already moved onto the third set of seeds.  Her sun bonnet had slipped off of her head and several strands of hair stuck to her sweat moistened face.  The heat didn't seem to phase her as she diligently worked non stop.
"I'm done with that row."  he told her after his approach.
"I saw Ma bring out a tray for us, shall we take a small break?"  she said with her limited breath.
They made their way over to the back covered porch as Chris plopped down into one of the rocking chairs.  Knowing she must be more tired than he was, he watched as she elegantly took her seat making sure her back didn't touch the back of the chair.  They each took a glass of lemonade and a sugar cookie from the tray.
Hanna was the first to break the silence.  "So, do you know what you want to do with your life?"  she asked.
"Oh, um, I've never really thought about it."
"You're nineteen years old."  she sounded amazed.  "You should already be in the first stages of what you want to do.  Have you any interest to go to school, be a farmer, move to the city?"
'I'm from a city.'  Chris thought.  "Farming had never been on my list.  The only jobs in the city I'm from was in automotive and that was a good place to be.  It beats working in fast food, anyway.  I just never seemed to be able to qualify for anything since I didn't finish school.  I..."  Chris caught himself and stopped before she thought of him as a complete loser.  You don't tell a girl you're interested in about all of your failures.  He took a quick glance over to Hanna who had a brow raised expression on her face.
"You seem to remember quite a bit for somebody who is supposed to have Amnesia."  Her eyes narrowed as she rose from her chair.  “Back to work.”  she announced.

“Well Ruth, I’m stacked to a fill.”  Mr. Browley leaned back into his chair after supper, rubbing his middle.  “How did everyone do today?”
“Ma and I finished the rug and the mattress for the sod house and found the blankets we’ll be using for the doorway and window.”  Priscilla announced.
“Yes,”  Mrs. Browley chimed in.  “we should have it right and comfy for you tomorrow evening.”
“What about you two.”  Mr. Browley turned to Hanna and Chris.
“Well, I think I learned more than Mr. Scholt did today.  Something about food that is fast and automot... auto.. what was that word?”  She looked at Chris with narrowed eyes.
Chris just shrugged.  He didn’t realize his slip up would upset her so.  “Hanna was right yesterday.  Gardening is not as easy as it sounds.”
“You’ll find plenty what some folk, from the city for example, think sounds easy but is back breaking work.”  Mr. Browley said, saving Chris.
“Yes, and what city are you from?”  Hanna began again, staring down Chris.
“Now, dear.  Don’t be rude.  You know Chris is having trouble remembering the past at this moment.  You shouldn’t be so harsh with him.”  Mrs. Browley said, scolding her oldest daughter.
“Yes, ma’am.”  she replied.
Hanna and Chris locked eyes.  He was going to have to figure out how to talk his way out of this one and fast.  

The morning light crested through the window, waking Chris who was still sore from his work the day before but less than after working the fields.  He stared around the room that he would be leaving today.  Relief was the emotion that followed that thought.  He was digging himself a hole with this family already.  He would need to watch what he said or be forced to try to explain the truth.  Nobody would believe his story, he was sure of that.
A soft knock rattled the door.  “Chris, time to get up.”  Mrs. Browley quietly announced, cracking open the door.  “The animals need tending before breakfast, then it’s off to church.”
Church?  Chris couldn’t remember the last time he’d attended a service but he did recall the last time he’d been in a church, it was the last night he spent in 1998.  The evening he prayed to God to help him and look what happened.  He was certain that if he stepped foot into church, he’d be struck down.
“Do I have to go?”  Chris whined like a child.
“It’s Sunday morning.  It’s proper to attend church and necessary in order to build and strengthen your relationship with God.  Besides, you are a new member of our community, you must make your appearance for the town to welcome you.  I’ll expect to see you downstairs in five minutes?”  
She said it as a question, but Chris knew it was a demand.  He dressed in his work clothes and headed down the stairs.
Hanna was up helping prepare breakfast when Chris entered the kitchen.  She looked at him but did not say a word, not even her usual warm smile.  She was truly upset with him.
He sat down and accepted his cup of coffee from Mrs. Browley.  "I'm finding that some memories keep wafting in and out of my head."  he began, making an effort to save himself from his stumble the day before.  "I've been having flashbacks of a city where I think I may be from and brief flashbacks of my childhood.  They seem to float out of my head as fast as they enter.  That's why I stopped short while we talked yesterday, Hanna... it was gone as quickly as it came."
Chris left it at that hoping that she'd buy it and give him another chance.  The last thing he wanted her to see in him was a lying imposter.  He glanced at her as she quickly looked away.  Had she believed him?
"Give it time, Chris, it'll come."  Mrs. Browley stated still facing the stove.  "You'd better get on out to the barn, breakfast will be ready soon."
Chris stepped off the back porch as his steps seemed to match the coo's of the early morning doves.  The light fog that hung over the fields offered some mystery to the dawn.  Chris saw the distant shadows of several deer bounding close to the tree line.  The new, dew moistened grass squeaked beneath his feet.  Chris couldn't help but to acknowledge the splendor of the morning.  He could never imagine himself a morning person but, come to think of it, he'd been up before the sun the last two mornings.
He entered the barn, grabbed the stool and bucket sitting up against the wall and headed straight for his usual cow to milk her.  He didn't even search for Mr. Browley for instructions, he knew what he was doing by now.  The monotony of the same stuff day after day would soon wear him down, he thought but it was nice, now in the newness of the situation to know exactly what to do and when.
This newfound independence and self worth made Chris feel a sense of accomplishment, something he'd strived his entire life to feel.  Why couldn't he find this back in his world?  Why did he have to somehow travel 130 years just to catch a glimpse of it?

"Welcome all."  Pastor Walling began as everyone took their seats.  "Let us first take the stress of our week off of our bodies and have a moment of silence to prepare our hearts to praise and worship our Lord."
Chris looked around as everyone closed their eyes and bowed their heads.  The woman at the piano began to softly play a melody, then came to a close.
"Our first order of business this morning is to announce that the Edmunds will be having their barn raising next Saturday.  There will be a picnic and a dance at the Edmunds place Sunday afternoon to commemorate the occasion.  Prayers to everyone that the barn goes up safely and sound.  Prayers for Margaret Johanson while she recovers from her fall last week.  Your continued prayers for Margaret have helped her heal nicely from her injuries and she wanted me to thank each and every one of you.  Also, I'd like to introduce the congregation to the newest member of our community.  Chris Scholt happened upon us by accident, or did he?  I believe the good Lord sent you to us."  He winked at Chris then turned back to the congregation.  "Chris has been helping the Browley family on their farm and has plans to continue doing so while he resides in the old Horton place.  A hearty welcome."  
The congregation lightly applauded while staring at Chris.  Although they all smiled kindly at him, he'd never felt so exposed and uncomfortable.
"Now, lets go into our morning prayers."  The pastor stated.
As he continued on with his sermon, Chris' mind wondered.  His attention span was never long, he was tired and he watched people as they intently listened to everything the pastor had to say, some nodding every so often.
The pastor's voice faded even more as Chris checked out the small building.  The roof beams were exposed showing the underside of the roof boards, the walls were bare except a cross that hung behind the small podium the pastor stood behind and a large iron stove stood in the middle of the room with five rows of pews on either side.
Chris could feel his eyelids growing heavy but would not give in.  He had been made the center of attention by the pastor.  How would it look if he fell asleep and started snoring?  He sat up straighter and tried to listen intently to what Pastor Walling was saying.
Chris got that he was talking of a journey.  That of Moses and his people.  Chris was slightly aware of this story from what he heard from his grandma, she had told him many stories from the Bible.  None that he could remember enough to recite but certainly remembered if he heard it.  How fitting that he spoke today about a journey to another land.  It was as though the sermon was based around him and his situation, but the pastor didn’t know anything about Chris’ situation.   
“We will now open our Bibles to Numbers 14:7 and read about how the people rebelled.  Let’s read together - ’The land we passed through and explored is exceedingly good.  If the Lord is pleased with us, he will lead us into that land, a land flowing with milk and honey, and will give it to us.  Only do not rebel against the Lord.  And do not be afraid of the people of the land, because we will swallow them up.  Their protection is gone, but the Lord is with us.  Do not be afraid of them.’ ... Let us pray.” 
Again the congregation closed their eyes and bowed their heads.  Chris’ eyes seemed to be stuck open in a wide expression.  Was this sermon for him?  The pastor seemed to cover what he was going through and his feelings about the situation.  He had come here against his will, he had been terrified of these people, he felt stuck with no way out feeling like this was a curse being set upon him, he was rebelling.  The tornado wasn’t enough to set him straight... was God trying to reach him again?

Chapter 8

Chris laid, still wide eyed, on his new bed in his own place.  He looked around to the improvements that Mrs. Browley and Priscilla had worked so hard on.  They had placed thick quilts over the window and over the door which he held down with a log.  The table had been set with a fresh, clean tablecloth, a kerosene lamp and some matches.  The mattress was freshly stuffed with straw which poked him if he moved just right but was luxury compared to laying on the ropes as he’d done too many times.  The braided rug on the floor next to his bed was warm to step on in the morning.  One chair from the table had been placed at the foot of his bed for him to set his clothes on.  The iron stove in the corner had been cleaned up and the wood box outside the door was filled.  Since he would be having all of his meals at their house, the only thing he’d need the woodstove for was heat when the time came.  With summer just around the corner, he wouldn’t need heat for awhile.  
Chris’ thoughts were too scattered to go to sleep.  He still pondered on the sermon he heard that morning.  After the service and after every person in that church approached him to welcome him and shake his hand, he walked up to Pastor Walling.
“Just out of curiosity, where do you get your sermons?”  Chris asked hesitantly.
“What do you mean, get them?”
“What makes you talk about what you’re going to talk about?”  not knowing how else to ask.
“Well, the Lord tells me what to discuss in my sermons, I leave it in his hands so that I may be able to help at least one person.  Did it speak to you?”  The pastor asked with hopeful eyes.
“I was just wondering.”  Chris responded as he fidgeted his hands and feet.
It confirmed what Chris had been thinking.  That sermon was directed to him.  He needed to change his attitude but is that something you can do overnight?  He still didn’t want to be here, he still didn’t want to work on the dirty, back breaking farm, he didn’t want to live in the ground like some sort of nocturnal creature.  He still wanted to go back home.  Even with no one there waiting for him, he missed electricity, convenience, bathrooms!
Hanna still had a hard time speaking with him that day.  He did the best he could to recover from his stupor the day before, but he didn’t think she was buying it.  His unusually strong feelings toward her made him want to try harder to make her like him.  Tomorrow she would be in school, so the only time would be around supper.  He had to think of a way to win her over.
Chris remembered what Mr. Browley had told him they were working on the next day.  Filling Chris’ wood box brought their wood stock down dangerously, it was time to replenish and restock.  Chris had never chopped wood before especially not without a chainsaw, chopping down trees by hand was going to finish him once and for all.  He dreaded the time but knew he’d be even more useless if he didn’t get some sleep.  With every effort he could muster, he turned off his brain and dozed off.

* * * * *

Chris arrived at the Browley farm on time for the first time in the weeks he’d been working for them.  Since he’d moved into the sod house the month before, he was on his own to get himself up, around, out the door and to the farm.  He’d been showing up anywhere between breakfast and the end of the morning chores.  
Mason was upset that Chris would get away with such behavior and took it out on Chris with a demanding attitude even though his mother would sternly shush him.
“Well, good morning!”  Mrs. Browley excitedly perked up when Chris walked into the kitchen.  “you made it in time to have a cup of coffee, even.  Is it getting easier to get up now?”
“A little.  I’ve never been used to it.  I got myself up for school as a kid but I also had an alarm clock.”  Chris stopped himself again to giving too much information.  Mrs. Browley wrinkled her brow but didn’t say a word as she handed him a steaming cup of coffee, black.
“Mr. Browley isn’t even down yet, you beat the whole household awake this morning.  I’m very proud of you.”  Mrs. Browley’s smile always warmed Chris inside.  She had been the nicest lady Chris had ever met in his life.  He never would have imagined a mom could be this gentle, kind, giving and caring.  He wasn’t even her child but she still praised him and seemed to genuinely care for him.
“Well, well, well...”  Mr. Browley chanted as he came strolling in.  “Look who we have here.”
“Oh, stop George, he’s doing the best he can.”  Mrs. Browley scolded.
“Since the fields are planted, the garden is done and the wood is replenished, what do we do now?”  Chris asked, hoping the answer would be for him to take a day off.
“You ever been fishing?”  Mr. Browley asked.
“Maybe as a kid but I don’t know...”  Chris actually thought hard about if he had been fishing, maybe with his grandma.  She’s the only person who would have taken him fishing or anywhere for that matter.
“Well, since school is out, Mason was going to go down to the river and see what he can scurry up.  Some canned Salmon this time of year always hits the spot.  What do you say?”
Sitting on a creek bank, fishing in the warm sun and fresh breeze versus pulling weeds or shoveling out manure... didn’t seem like a hard choice.
“Sure.  Is Mason going to want to spend a day with me?”
“Hush now.”  Mrs. Browley cut in.  “He will be delighted.  It gives you two a chance to bond.”
“What?”  Mason almost shouted when he came around the corner.
“You’re going to teach Chris how to catch a slew of Salmon today, it’s always what you do when school is out and you’d be helping him by showing him something new.”
“Uhh, Paaa...”  Mason whined.  It was certain to Chris now, that Mason did not care for him one bit.
“My word is final, be a good chance for you two to clear the air.  Understood?”
“Yes sir.”  Mason finally answered.
“You two can take off for the river when we’re done with the morning chores.  We’d better get on out there if we want to make it to breakfast on time.”

“This is were I like to fish.”  Mason announced after they trailed the river for what seemed like hours.
He dropped the equipment he was carrying and started stringing his pole without stopping to show Chris how to do it.
Once they got everything ready and settled down onto the bank, Chris thought this would be a good time to ‘clear the air’ as Mr. Browley put it.
“Mason, why don’t you like me?”
“Who said I didn’t like you?”  He said, his voice drenched in sarcasm.
“It’s not personal to you when I’m late, I’m just having a hard time getting up in the morning, I’m working on it.  Don’t you ever have days like that?  Where you just can’t seem to wake up?”
“Well, yeah... but I always get in trouble for it, you don’t!”
“Believe me, once the newness of my presence wears off, I won’t be getting away with much, I’m sure.”  
“I wanted to like you, Chris.  If you haven’t noticed, I don’t have any brothers.”
“I never had any brothers, either... what do you say we start over?”
Masons lips pulled over to the side and his nose wrinkled as he thought intently on the offer.  “Alright.”  he answered.
Chris meant what he had said to Mason, he had always wanted siblings, but selfishly what clouded his mind was getting on everyone’s good side would help his chances with Hanna.  Priscilla and Mrs. Browley loved him, Mason was starting to like him, Mr. Browley may take a bit more time but Chris was confident that he was doing a good job around the farm.  That only left Hanna.  Even though she had begun talking to him again, it wasn’t with the same warmth.  Maybe she was just waiting for him to be more aggressive with her.  He wasn’t going to win her heart by standing in the shadows.
Chris remembered the barn dance the month before over at the Edmunds place.  Not only had he been exhausted from the day before, raising walls, nailing wooden pegs into hand drilled holes, sawing for hours and hours but he also didn't know or care for any of the dances that seemed to entertain everyone but him.  He felt obligated to attend because of the Pastor and the Browley family.  They seemed determined to push him into a community he didn't want to be a part of.  As he stood on the wall closest to the food table and watched Hanna, a strange boy approached her.  Chris stood straighter and narrowed his eyes.
"Hello, Mr. Scholt."  sounded a familiar voice.
Chris looked beside him to see Louis Kinsley meandering up toward him.  He slapped Chris on the shoulder as he smiled largely revealing his deteriorating teeth.
“How’s life treatin’ ya?  I hear you been livin’ in the soddy and workin’ for the Browleys.  Glad to hear yer stayin’!”  Mr. Kinsley stated excitedly.
Chris nodded but couldn’t tear his eyes away from Hanna and her company.
“Who’s that?”  He asked Mr. Kinsley in a whisper.
“That there with Hanna?  That’s Cale, Cale Edmund.  It’s his family, here, that needed the new barn.  They’ve been livin' here for some time but had a terrible fire earlier in the spring.  Burned down the entire barn.  They don’t suspect foul play or nothin’, they just think that it was embers from their chimney.”
“He looks kind of old for her, doesn’t he?”  Chris stated, trying to find a fault in this strapping young man.
“Oh, let’s see here... Cale is 17 years old now.  Hanna aint much younger than that.”
Chris’ eyes widened.  This boy was only 17 years old?  He was inches taller than Chris with broad shoulders and muscular build.  His chiseled facial features and blonde hair set Chris back in the shadows.  How could he possibly compete with that?
Chris’ entire body tightened as he felt jealousy overpower.  As he watched them smile, talk and laugh with one another, he had the urge to stomp over, push him aside and grab her hand to lead her out, maybe even get a punch or two, in.
What kept his feet nailed to the floor was the worry that Hanna would hate him forever if he’d done such a thing. 
When Cale extended his hand and Hanna accepted it and they began moving around the dance floor together, that was all Chris could take.  He marched out of the barn and returned to his soddy to weep and wallow. 
He’d stood back and had done nothing.  He couldn’t believe it.  Maybe Hanna wouldn’t have gotten upset with his forwardness, maybe she wanted someone to take charge.  Chris had seen movies to where it was attractive to the women to be told what to do by the man.  The bad boy image.  This was back in the ‘olden days’, too.  Wasn’t the man supposed to be in charge?  All he knew was that he wanted Hanna and he would do anything he could to win her affection.
Chris took one hand off of his fishing pole and studied it.  The countless blisters he’d accumulated over the last month or so had hardened into calluses which he was grateful for.  The Browley’s had furnished him with some heavy duty gloves to protect his hands but they could only protect so much.
The pole jolted making Chris have to use both hands.  “You got one.”  Mason stated excitedly.  He grabbed Chris’ fishing pole while Chris still clung to it.  With both of their efforts, a large fish was finally flung from the water.
Chris stared at it.  “That is the first fish I’ve ever caught.”  he stated with some pride.
“That didn’t take too long.  We sit here for a couple more hours and we should have plenty for a feast tonight and for canning, too.  That’s just what Pa wanted.”
Chris, still excited about the catch and wanting more, was unsure if he could handle a couple more hours with the thoughts running through his head.
Then the thought came, unexpectedly, that made his body drop.  He couldn’t even remember the last time he’d thought of anything from 1998.  All of his thoughts, his concerns, his worries and his joys have been from here, 1868.  The thought startled him.  
‘This is not my home!’  Chris thought, trying to convince himself.
“You boys... I mean men did an excellent job today.”  Mrs. Browley beamed as she accepted the two lines full of fish from Chris and Mason.  Mason puffed out his chest and sported a big, prideful grin.
“Chris actually caught some of those.”  Mason stated not vindictively but to perhaps put more credit upon himself.
“You two have a nice chat while you were out?”  Mrs. Browley asked with hesitation in her voice.
“Yeah, we’re fine.”  Chris decided to answer first, short and sweet.
“Well, good.  My boys!”  She stated with another smile and a gleam in her eye.  “I will begin preparing these beauties as soon as I get the pie I’m going to make into the oven.  Oh, fiddle sticks.”  Mrs. Browley stated suddenly as she stomped one of her heavy shoes.  “I forgot to get the milk.  Hanna?”
Chris’ heart sank at even the mention of her name.  A lump rose in his throat as he heard her footsteps above him, then descend the stairs.
“Yes, Ma?”  she said, slightly breathless.
“Would you kindly go get me some milk out of the spring house?  Chris, have you ever been in the spring house?  I don’t think I’ve had you fetch anything from there, yet.  Hanna, why don’t you show Chris the spring house and where we keep the extra milk.  One jug should be plenty for supper.”
Chris allowed Hanna to go down the porch steps first like a true gentlemen but then remembered his plan.  He’s tried the polite, say nothing strategy, that wasn’t working.  Then after seeing her with Cale, he needed a more abrasive approach.  He needed to be the unforgettable one.
They strolled across the yard, toward the creek that fed off of the same river he’d sat near all day.  Chris purposely brushed up against Hanna so their arms and pinkies slightly touched.  At first, Chris thought that she was accepting his gesture, but then noticed she took some steps to the side to avoid the contact.
They approached a small building that Chris had seen several times but never thought to ask what it was for.  It was built right over the small creek that ran behind the yard.  The windowless, stone building was short with a wooden door that Chris had to bend over to get through.  Inside was dark, so Hanna left the door open.  
Chris could hear the babbling of the water running through and as his eyes adjusted, noticed a rickety bridge that set over the creek.  Off of each end of the bridge was rope leading down into the water.
Hanna carefully and gracefully crossed the bridge and kneeled to pull up one of the ropes.  Up, out of the water came a large, ceramic jug.
“This is where we store our extra milk to keep it cold.”  she offered, noticing his puzzled expression.
“Oh, like a fridge.”
Another puzzled expression, only this time it came from Hanna.
“Refrigeration.”  Chris stated, worried of how to recover.  “It’s something I heard of once.”
“Refrigeration.  I heard Pa talking about something like that once.  He read somewhere in a newspaper that a Refrigerator car was patented by someone named... umm.. Davis, earlier this year.  Is that where you heard of it?”
“Yeah.”  Chris answered instantly, relieved of how well that played out.
Hanna glanced at him as she rose to her feet and crossed the bridge.  She strolled up to him and stopped only inches from his face.
Chris’ heart was thumping so hard, he felt that she would be able to hear it.  He could feel her breath on him and wanted nothing more than to take her into his arms.
Hanna’s eyes narrowed.  “You remember more than you’re letting on, don’t you?  I’m not buying it, Mr. Scholt.  I don’t think you ever had Amnesia.  You can quit the game, now.”
Chris’ stomach dropped.  That was why Hanna had stopped speaking with him.  The very first day he’d slipped and began talking about his childhood, she’d caught that and hung onto it.  His worst fear was confirmed that she thought of him not as an eligible suitor but as a lying imposter.
Chris lowered his head.  “Ok, I do remember some things, things that I would be too ashamed to admit especially to an upstanding family like yours, but I truly do not know how I got here.”
Hanna’s eyes softened as she backed away from Chris.  “I’m sorry I’ve behaved so harshly.  I apologize.”
She hung her head in shame as a tear trickled down her cheek.
“What’s wrong?”  Chris asked taking another step toward her.
“I’m ashamed of my behavior.  I have judged you, a person who is in need of our help and support and guidance.  It is our duty as children of God to take care of one another and not to judge.  That is in the hands of our Father.  I have not acted as a Christian and I beg for your forgiveness.  It’s just that my family, they are so important to me.”
Chris took another step toward her so that he was now inches from her face.  “I understand.”  He simply said as he brushed her cheek with the back of his hand.  
He could tell that she wanted to back away from him but didn’t.  Chris took advantage of the opportunity of the moment.  He swept the strands of hair from her face, moved his stroking hand down to her neck and leaned in.  His lips met hers.  In that split second, Chris felt a rush run through his body, from his lips down to his toes.  He’d been waiting over a month for this moment, since the first time he’d laid eyes on her.
At the end of that split second, Chris felt another sensation as Hanna jumped back and slapped his face as hard as her tiny hand would allow.
“How dare you, Mr. Scholt.  I was leaning on you for support from my outrageous behavior and your response is to behave even more dreadfully.  That was the most improper gesture I have ever witnessed let alone been involved in."
Hanna picked up the jug of milk she had accidentally dropped and stormed out of the spring house.  Chris bent over to get through the spring house door and closed it behind him.
‘What was it going to take to get through to this girl?’  Chris wondered as he saw his options melting away.  Hiding in the shadows, being the strong, silent type didn’t seem to attract any attention from her and being blunt and aggressive got plenty of attention from her but not in the way he’d hoped.  The only time she seemed to lean toward him was when he was genuinely being himself.
How simple that seemed but how dreadful in Chris‘ mind.  A mindless, heartless thug from a broken home and a former, violent, thieving gang member.  That should certainly melt the heart of the one he felt he was falling in love with.

Chapter 9

The summer was passing by quickly.  The cool mornings turned into smoldering afternoons.  The fields were coming up nicely and the garden was flourishing.  They had already been able to pick some of the produce, preparing it for canning.
“Have you ever had a bean straight from the garden?”  Priscilla asked Chris as he grimaced at her doing it.
“No.  I can’t say that I have.”  Chris disgustingly replied.
“Try it, you’ll like it.”
Chris hesitantly picked one of the green beans being careful to avoid the strange purple ones and took a small bite off of the tip.  The sun warmed, juicy bean seemed to melt in his mouth but had a refreshing snap to it all at once.
“Wow, this is actually good.”  Chris exclaimed as he popped the rest of the bean into his mouth.
“This isn’t usually man’s work, but Pa thinks it’s important for a man to also know what a woman does around the house.  I don’t know if it’s so he can help out if she’s ill or just to broaden an appreciation for it.”  Priscilla explained sounding more advanced than her nine years.
Later, they sat on the back porch as they broke off both ends of each bean, snapped them in half and threw them into a bowl sitting between them.
Chris could feel the heat of the kitchen waft out of the window behind him as Hanna and Mrs. Browley prepped the cans for the beans.  He couldn’t imagine being cooped up in a hot kitchen on a day such as that one.  It was easily 90 degrees but the slight breeze did offer some relief.
Chris was getting along splendidly with Mrs. Browley, Priscilla and even Mason.  Mr. Browley was business, as usual, but seemed to now treat Chris as one of the family rather than the hired help.  He offered for Chris to join in all of the activities the family embarked on and the children as well.  Whether it seemed appropriate for his age or not, he meshed well with the children as they went to the river and swung in on the rope they had tied to an overhanging tree branch.
Since Chris was merely six years old, he’d been thrown into adult responsibilities taking care of his mother and their home.  Nineteen years old or not, he was going to enjoy some of his childhood.  Swimming, fishing and playing ball allowed him to gain back some of the childhood he had cruelly lost.
Hanna, on the other hand, seemed to despise him.  She did everything she could to avoid him.  He’d made some effort to engage in small talk with her but all he received were one to two word answers.  In addition, she had resorted to calling him nothing but Mr. Scholt.  She seemed to be working hard to distance herself from him.  To save his dignity, he wanted to give up on pursuing her but his heart screamed something different.  Even if he never won her heart he still felt the need to win back her respect.
Mrs. Browley opening the back door snapped Chris from his deep thought.  "You two about done with those beans?  We got the pot boiling for blanching."
"Just finished."  Priscilla gleefully announced.
"Well, I'll be.  That's the quickest job I'd ever seen.  What do you say about going out and picking the last of the blackberries for supper.  Since I have the kitchen piping hot already, might as well bake a pie."
"Can Chris come help me?"  Priscilla beamed.
"If he'd like and if your Pa and Mason don't need any help fixing that harrow."
Before Mrs. Browley had even finished her sentence and without even asking if Chris wanted to go, Priscilla was out of her chair and running behind the barn to ask her pa.
"She's certainly taken a shine to you."  Mrs. Browley stated as she pivoted around back into the door with the bowl of snapped beans.
In less than a minute, Priscilla appeared from behind the barn with a gleaming smile on her face, stating with no words that Chris was in the clear to go with her.  She ran past him into the house and emerged again with two wicker baskets.
“Lets go.”  she bounced.
Chris followed Priscilla as she led the way.  They took the same path that Mason had followed to the river to fish but instead of stopping at the river, they crossed it on a tree that had conveniently fallen across the water.  On the other side of the river was a thick tree line.  Priscilla seemed to know exactly where she was heading.
“This is always were we have the best luck.”  She stated, stopping at a patch of bushes, speckled with the berries.  “Here’s your basket.”
“So you know your way around here pretty well, don’t you?”  Chris asked.
“I’ve been here all my life.”  she answered.  “Mason and I were born in this house and we’ve grown up here, we know every angle of these parts from fishing, berry picking and just exploring.  Hanna knows her way too even though she hasn’t explored as much.  She was actually born back East.”
Priscilla rambled on doubling Chris' pace picking the berries.
"So, how long have you all been here?"  Chris asked truly interested.
"I guess it was right before Mason was born.  Hanna remembers the trip even though she was only four years old, she tells me stories of it every so often.  From what I've heard, I'd never want to take a trip like that."
"Why not?"  Chris asked. 
"Well, first of all it took them months to get here, that alone would make me not want to travel."
"Months?  Just to get here from the East?  Man, I'd always wanted to travel but I'd fly.."  he stopped himself.
Priscilla just giggled.  "How would you fly?  Flap your arms really fast?"  
"Yeah, ha-ha, just kidding."  Chris recovered, once again.  He wasn't being too careful but how could he stop from talking about things he'd known his entire life and that had surrounded him day after day?  Maybe he should just try to tell the Browley family.  Maybe they would believe him... Maybe not.  Chris wondered but didn't know if he wanted to take that chance just yet.
"So what happened out East that made them want to move?"  Chris asked wondering if he was sounding too nosey.
"From the stories told to me, pa and his brother Charles were helping grandpa and grandma with their farm.  When grandpa died, grandma moved home with Charles and pa and ma decided to see what was out West.  They packed up Hanna and whatever they could fit in the wagon and started out.  Hanna states that the trip hardened her and ma and pa.  They are stronger people now because of it.  I want to be strong, too, but I'll figure some other way.  There are more berries over this way, I think we already have enough for the pie."
Chris, soaking in everything Priscilla was telling him, yearned to know more about Hanna.  "Why did your family choose Coar?"  he asked.
"I guess pa just liked it.  It has the river and forest, the land seemed fertile and it's right in between two cities which is convenient for sell and trade.  Every fall, pa travels to Shorlin to sell the majority of our wheat to be milled into flour.  He is guaranteed sale through one of the merchants so it is tradition to take the three day trip there annually, after the harvest.  He‘ll probably take you with him this year, Chris.”  Priscilla stated excitedly.  “I’ve gone with him twice and even though I like it out here in the country, it’s exciting to see the city.”
“I’m certainly curious.”  Chris said under his breath.  
Chris studied Priscilla.  He'd never realized how much she looked like her mother.  Instead of her hair up in a bun, however, she wore it down in two golden braids.  Her face was young and smooth but her knowledge and wisdom showed her to be much older than her nine years.  
She was so close to the age when Chris had met Joe-Z and the Coar City gang.  He couldn't imagine that it was that long ago.  If Joe-Z approached Priscilla like he'd done to Chris, would she be as vulnerable and impressionable as Chris had been?  Of course not.
It was then when Chris realized what a victim he had been to the gang.  They didn't want to be his friend.  Why would they befriend an eleven year old?  They just used him to get free stuff and if Chris was caught stealing, they would have little ties to him to be caught as well.
Chris felt an overwhelming reaction come over him.  It was a mixture of grief, anger and a feeling he was no stranger to... emptiness.  His father, his mother, his classmates and teachers, Joe-Z, the entire gang... and now, Hanna.  It seemed everyone he had tried to care for didn't care for him.  Did he not deserve love?
"Come on, Chris, I think we have enough."  Priscilla announced grabbing Chris' hand to walk back over the fallen log.
Or, perhaps, Chris was looking for acceptance and love in the wrong places.  The realization slapped him in the face like a wagon full of bricks as he stared at the girl that he felt admiration for, he felt the need to protect her like an older brother.  He realized there were diverse ranges of love.  You can love someone romantically but you can also love someone, deeply, on a different level... like he had loved his grandma.  Like he had, now, for Mrs. Browley and Priscilla.  
For the first time since his arrival, he actually felt he was a true member of a family.  Finally a part of something.
Could he really be where he belonged?

* * * * *

"It's almost time for second-cut hay already."  Mr. Browley stated at supper that evening.  "I cannot believe how quickly this year has gone by."
"Maybe it's the extra pair of hands you've had the last several months."  Mrs. Browley stated with a wink to Chris.
He barely acknowledged her comment as he remembered the first-cut hay.  Seeing bales in the fields outside of the city before, he'd never given any thought of how much work it took to get those bales.  Of course, in his time, they had machinery to do most of the work.
Back in mid June, however, he broke his back, threw out his shoulders and strung out his knees for almost a week just cutting the hay down with what Mr. Browley called a scythe.  Chris had seen a tool similar to this scythe but only on horror movies and it wasn't used to cut long grass.
"Cutting hay is going to be a double lesson for you, Chris."  Mr. Browley said as he handed the long handled, curved blade contraption to Chris.  "This cut is slightly easier since we just hack in down, let it dry and place them in the isles between the wheat, that helps smother and control the weeds.  Saves a lot of work later.  Next cut, we'll have to haul it to the loft of the barn, but that'll come later."
After a brief demonstration from Mr. Browley on how to scythe the hay, he handed the task over to Chris.  The early summer sun beat down on his head and, for the first time, he had been grateful for the brimmed hat that had been given to him.  Even though his head was steaming and suffocating inside the hat, it kept the scorching sun off of his face and neck which now dripped profusely with sweat.
He tried not to look up, only concentrating on the area he was working on.  Looking up and around the field reminded him that he was not even close to finishing.  The field even sometimes appeared to grow larger the longer he worked.  Mason worked diligently on the opposite side of the field with the second scythe and progressed much quicker than Chris.
After four consecutive days of scything the grass, they finally met in the middle of the field.  That’s when Chris allowed himself to look around to see all of the hay laying flat on the ground.
“Whew!”  Chris stated to Mason. “So we’re done, right?”
Mason wrinkled his eyebrows to Chris but had a glint of teasing in his smirk.  “No, now we go back to what we cut the first day and load it into the wagon to take over to the wheat fields.”
Chris could feel the air escaping his lungs.  He just wanted to go back to his sod house and sleep for a week.  His hair was saturated in grease, his clothes were constantly sopped in his sweat and were in an unknown stage of stench.  Laundry day was only once a week and Chris had two more days to put on these garments that could easily run off on their own.  
Mr. Browley brought the two Sam’s lugging the wagon around the back of the barn and out to the edge of the hayfield.  In the wagon were three pitchforks.
It took them two and a half days to fork up the hay it took him and Mason almost four days to cut down.  Mason stood on top of the wagon situating the hay that Chris and Mr. Browley tossed up from the field.  When the wagon was full, they drove it over to the wheat fields, took the largest fork full possible and walked up and down the isles, sprinkling it in between the small stalks of wheat.  Over and over they did that until Saturday afternoon.  The hay field was bare and the wheat field lay protected from the weeds.
“I’ve got a bath waiting for you in the shed.”  Mrs. Browley stated to Chris as he sat on the back porch trying to catch his breath.  “You’ll have to wear your Sunday clothes so I can get these washed up for you.  It should be alright since the only thing Mr. Browley has for you to do after supper is feeding the livestock and milking, of course.”
‘A bath in the shed?’  Chris thought.  Nervously, he made his way down and opened the door.  Inside, on the far back wall, past the horror movie looking tools was a small tub, only large enough to sit Indian style in.  As long as the water was hot and soapy, Chris didn’t care.  He just wanted some of this grime off of him.  He never would have guessed how happy he’d be to sit in a small tub inside of a shed but when he emerged, he felt like a new man.  
He had gotten through his first harvest.  ‘Only two more to go’  Chris thought, snapping back to hear Mr. Browley, once again, talk about the second-cut for the hay.
“Before we can even think about that, we’ll be concentrating on getting that wheat harvested and to Shorlin.  I expect you’ll be joining me on that trip, son.”
Chris looked at Mason waiting for him to react to his father speaking to him but everyone seemed to be looking at Chris.  Was Mr. Browley talking to him?  He called him ‘son’.  Normally that would have set Chris off on a tangent but he couldn’t fight the feeling of warmth and acceptance from Mr. Browley.  Did he really consider him a son?  
“Yes, sir.”  Chris replied in a surprising tone of joy.
The Earth under Chris's feet crunched as he made his way down the dusty road.  He had taken this short trip from the sod house to the Browley's so many times, he could now do it in his sleep - and many times, he had.  His mind jumbled with the thoughts and the feelings he'd been experiencing.  None could be explained as a moment or a fluke since they seem to overwhelm him daily.  The feelings of love, acceptance and being a part of a family.  The only thing that he truly wanted and needed his entire life.  
He was beginning to calm down, put his rebellion on the shelf and listen to what God was telling him.  He suddenly saw His plan for him.  
"This is why you sent me here."  He whispered.  "Not to punish me but to give me what I have always longed for."  Chris choked on his tears.  "Thank you, Lord!"
With the house in view, Chris wiped his face and took a few deep breaths before continuing.  He didn't want anyone to know he was crying or ask why his eyes were red and puffy.
With his guard down, he seemed to notice more about the morning than he ever had before.  The sun crested the horizon waiting to warm, dry and wake the trees and plants, the birds chirped and twittered, bunnies and squirrels ran about.  The world was waking in glorious splendor.  Such a shame Chris had never noticed the beauty of nature before, living in the city.  He never woke to birds and chipmunks, he woke to smog and traffic noise.  It was always something he’d grown accustom to and never questioned it.  He was unsure if he ever wanted to leave here.
“What am I saying?”  Chris said out loud hoping nobody heard him.  Did he really prefer to stay in the 1800’s?  These feelings and thoughts were too overwhelming for Chris to deal with at that moment as he ascended the stairs of the front porch.  “I just need to shut off my brain, get some coffee and go break my back today harvesting that wheat.”  He said under his breath.  He clenched his eyes shut, took a deep breath and opened the door.
Chris entered the kitchen to see everyone sitting around the table.  “Am I late?”  he wondered, looking around for a clock that he knew wasn’t there.
“Today’s the first day of school.  Remember?  I told you last week.”  Priscilla piped up, way too energetic for the early morning.  “We get up earlier on school days so we can help ma and pa and gather the eggs before our walk to school.”
“Normally Mason takes the first couple of weeks off to help me with the harvest but I think you and I can manage well without him so he doesn’t miss school.”  Mr. Browley stated.
“Sure.”  Chris smiled at Mason who had a disappointed look on his face.  He didn’t love to harvest but he’d rather be outside working than cooped up in a stuffy school room.
“I’d rather stay here.”  Mason grumbled.  “Hanna’s so lucky, this is her last year.”
“She’s also been in school a lot longer than you.”  Mrs. Browley stated.  “This is good for you, Mason, now you won’t miss any work and you’ll be on track with the others in class.”
“I’d do anything to be back in school.”  Chris said to Mason.  “You may not like it now but someday, you’ll wish you could be back, a carefree child with no worries.  I just can’t believe you’d rather scythe a field than sit most of the day.”  Chris finished with a wink.
He looked around to see everyone staring at him with wonder in their eyes.  “That’s very true, Chris.  I’m not sure if I’d want to go through my growing years all over again, but to be a careless child romping through the fields and going to school again would be heavenly to me.”  Mrs. Browley gazed out the window to the flowing wheat field in a daydream.
“Alright.”  Mason stated, breaking the silence.  “I’ll go to school.”
Mr. Browley gave a quick nod and Mrs. Browley gave a warm smile to Mason, then Chris.
“You all finish up and we can officially begin this day.”  Mr. Browley announced with a stretch and a grunt as he rose from his chair.

* * * * *

The process of scything seemed almost natural to Chris even though he’d only done it once with the hay.  The hot sun beat down it’s rays scorching Chris’s back as he found his rhythm with the scythe, back and forth, back and forth.  It actually helped to have a song in his head with a similar beat to keep himself moving.  What he wouldn’t give to hear any song from his time.  Something with a drum punch and electric guitar.  He tried hard not to forget the lyrics of the songs he once heard almost everyday.  The only music he had heard since he arrived came from a fiddle, a harmonica and the piano from church.
When Mason returned home from school, he joined the men out in the field.  As Mr. Browley and Chris continued to scythe the wheat, Mason began bundling them with twine and setting the bundles up against each other.
“What do you do that for?”  Chris asked Mason as they took a short water break.
“I’m bundling the wheat into sheaves and placing them into stooks.”  Mason replied.
Mason may have been talking in a different language and Chris would never have known it.  “Into... what?”  he asked in obvious confusion.
“We need to get the wheat off of the ground to dry, so we bundle a stack with a tie to keep them together and lean them up against each other to get them off the ground.  It dries the wheat out.”
Chris nodded his head to signal that he understood.  He understood the words, at least.
Later that evening when the supper bell chimed, Chris stood upright for the first time since their last water break.  His back cracked and ached on the way up.  It wasn’t until Chris stopped working that he felt his muscles twitch and pulsate.  He wiped his dirty, sweaty face and walked up to the house meeting Mr. Browley and Mason on the way.  His legs felt like he was walking on two pieces of jello.   Scything always seemed to take everything out of him.  He wasn’t sure if he had the strength to even lift his fork.
“Are you alright?”  Mrs. Browley asked noticing Chris’s lack of desire to eat.
“I’m just more tired then I ever have been.  I think I’d rather sleep than eat.”
“I hope you’re not coming down with something.  George, you and Mason can handle the evening chores, can’t you?”  Mrs. Browley looked at her husband with concern on her face.
“I suppose so.  You go on and head home and get some rest.  We have a lot of work ahead of us for tomorrow.”
Chris took every ounce he could muster to stand.  He nodded to Mr. and Mrs. Browley and headed out the door.  The shuffles of his tired feet made a dust path behind him and it felt like an eternity when he reached the sod house that now supported a sturdy door and a strong window.
He didn’t even want to get undressed but had little desire to lay, with grimy clothes on, in a bed that Mrs. Browley had just washed and starched.  Mortified with the night dress, as they called it, Chris slept in the clothes he arrived in.  A simple pair of jeans and a t-shirt.  He had noticed over the last month the ill fit in these clothes now.  The jeans seemed tight around his thighs and the t-shirt choked him around the neck while his growing arms and chest almost tore out.  He hadn’t even realized how much he had filled out the four months he’d been there.  
“Farm work does wonders on the bod.”  Chris said out loud, flexing his arms.
Realizing how much effort that took, he laid down on his fresh bed thinking that he’d be out before hitting the pillow.  Instead, his head filled with those nagging thoughts again.  Mostly, as usual, about Hanna.  He still felt strongly about her.  Her scoffs and glares had subsided over time but she still seemed to keep her distance.  This yearning and aching for her didn’t seem to subside in Chris at all but the decision made by him was to give her space and try to be himself.  If she didn’t like him for being himself, then it was not meant to be.  That’s what Chris tried to believe, anyway.  He wanted her whether she liked him for him or not.
His thoughts then shot to Mr. Browley.  He hadn’t realized it then but something Mr. Browley had said seemed to waft into Chris’s head.  ‘You go on and head home and get some rest’.  Home.  This place that Chris despised only months earlier did seem like home to him, now.  He felt he had a home, he felt he had a family.  He was in love and would do anything he could to show Hanna that he was a good man.  He had grown to appreciate hard labor and the ability to survive with work rather than theft.  
‘Home.’  Chris thought again.  ‘I’m home.’

Chapter 10

Chris woke to a voice.  A familiar voice.  When he snapped his eyes open, the voice vanished.  He took off his jeans and t-shirt, slipped on his work clothes and wandered out the sod house door, up and around toward the outhouse.  The field behind his home rippled with flowing grass that would soon be hay for the farm animals.  Chris blinked his eyes hard and rubbed them like a child.
The morning air was crisp and refreshing but yielded little help to wake Chris up.  
"Chris."  he heard again from a distance.  He scoured the land but saw no one.  He turned toward the outhouse and just as he opened the door, he stopped and perked up his ears like a deer.
"Christopher."  he heard again.
He turned his head toward the voice and saw a figure standing by the tree line on the other side of the field.  Chris squinted to try to make out who it was.  How could their voice be so clear from so far away?  Reluctantly, he made his way toward the figure.  As he got closer, he saw that it was a woman.  Closer, it was an elderly woman wearing clothes not from this time.  Closer, then closer.
"Grandma?"  he barely got out.
"My boy.."  she said stretching her arms out to him.
Chris ran into her arms and began sobbing onto her shoulder which now laid several inches beneath him rather than him clutching her waist as he did as a child.
Her warm hand stroked his hair as she gently shushed him.
He backed up but still in her arms to look at her.  Her ice blue eyes were just as he remembered.
"Grandma, what are you doing here?"  Chris asked trying to focus his blurry eyes upon her.  "I miss you so much!"
She smiled warmly at him and brushed her fingers across his face to wipe away the tears.  "I just came, Christopher, to tell you how proud I am of you.  You are doing a wonderful job."
"I'm so confused.  I don't know how I got here or why."
"You know why, Chris.  You've already discussed that with God, haven't you?  And you're correct.  Keep listening to Him and He will lead you.  You are where you belong for right now.  Embrace it, my boy for you never know where the Lord will lead you next."
Chris nodded and clenched onto her as if he attempted to keep her there with him always.  “I need you here with me.  You’re the only family I have.”
“You have a family, here.  You are loved.  I will always be with you, Chris.  I’ve kept my promise to you and I’ve seen you grow.”
She cupped his face with her hands and leaned in to kiss him on the cheek.  Chris could feel her warmth as he clenched his eyes shut to shed more tears.  When he opened them again, he was alone, laying in his bed in the sod house.
His head fell back as he sopped his pillow with tears.  “A dream, it was just a dream.”  Chris ranted in anger.  How he wanted to be with his grandma again and every time he thought he was, he realized it was simply a useless dream.
Composing himself as much as possible, he whipped the covers off of himself and sat up.  Something wasn’t right.  He knew he had changed into his jeans and t-shirt the night before, but he was wearing his work clothes.  The same clothes he’d slipped on before heading out the door... in his dream.  Was it a dream or did his grandma actually visit him?  Another tear escaped Chris’s eyes as he looked up to the heavens.
“I’ll make you proud, grandma.  I will.”

* * * * *

“The leaves are changing already.”  Mr. Browley observed as the wagon wiggled and bumped down the dusty road.  Chris looked to the back of the wagon to make sure they still had their entire load.  With the way the wagon jerked and swayed all over, he wouldn’t have been surprised if they were leaving a trail of wheat seed behind them.
They all were there.  Sacks and sacks full of wheat seed.  He didn’t want one single kernel to escape after all of the work they had done.  
After the sheaves had dried out, Chris, Mason and Mr. Browley loaded them up in the wagon.  Wagon load after wagon load, they hauled up to the barn.  The entire family then pitched in.  The children, Chris included, were to beat the wheat, that laid in the loft of the barn, with a stick hanging from a longer handle from a short chain.  They called this contraption a flail, Chris remembered.
As the wheat seed was beat out, it left the wheat stalks which Mr. Browley raked away.  Priscilla and Hanna gathered the seeds into baskets and took them outside to Mrs. Browley who tossed them into the air allowing the gentle breeze to carry away the seed bits and left over hay while the good seeds fell back into the basket.  Once the entire basket was nothing but usable seed, she emptied it into the awaiting sack.
The process took exact timing from everyone, so no one person was left standing and waiting but nobody was overwhelmed either.  The family seemed in-sync.  Chris knew it was from the years and years they had done this same process and he hoped he wasn’t holding anyone down.
‘No matter, now.’  Chris thought  ‘The harvest is done and I’m on my way to see my first 1800’s city.’  He was surprised how excited he was.  He imagined the old western movies he’d seen on the black and white television he and his mother shared.  The hustle and bustle of wagons and dust everywhere and standoff, shoot outs.  That was fine to watch on TV but he did secretly hope nobody was shooting while he was there.
He had been to Shorlin a few times in his life.  Once with his grandma and a couple of times in his mid teen years with the gang.  It was larger than Coar City, even in his time, so he expected to see more than prairie, crops and trees.
The wagon ride seemed like an eternity.  They had stopped several times, including for lunch, but the all day ride was almost too much for Chris.  This trip would have taken just over an hour by car.  That was definitely one thing he missed about his time.  The convenience of invention.
“We’re almost there.”  Mr. Browley stated finally.  “Just over that hill and around the bend.  It’s close to supper time, so we’ll grab some grub after we check into the inn.  Business will have to wait until tomorrow, as usual.”
Just before rounding into town, Mr. Browley stopped the wagon and made sure all signs of a wagon full of valuable wheat seed was covered.  He hopped back up onto the bench, clicked his tongue to the horses and headed into Shorlin.  
Chris was amazed how much larger it was to Coar.  Shorlin looked nothing like he imagined.  The streets lined with one and two story buildings and were bustled with wagons and pedestrians.   The fashion was different than in Coar, as well.  Chris noticed every person, man and woman wore a hat and the women all carried umbrella's looking too fancy to be for rain.  Lined up in front of every building was a wide boardwalk which echoed each footstep even over the noise of the wagons and horses.  
It was definitely louder here.  Chris hadn't realized how accustom he'd become to quiet.  In the Coar City he was from, there was never a quiet moment and he'd become used to that, but now, the noise seemed to annoy him a bit.
Mr. Browley turned left just before town and slowed the horses to a stop in front of a large open faced barn.  “We’ll keep the horses and wagon here tonight.”  he stated as he climbed down with grunts and grimaces.  Mr. Browley was considerably older than Chris but Chris’s body felt the same cracks and stiffness.  It must have been that ride.  How Mr. and Mrs. Browley and Hanna made a month on month long trip was beyond Chris’s comprehension.
As they made their way down the street after dropping the horses and wagon off at the livery, Chris took in all the sights.  It never ceased to amaze him that each month he was stuck in the era, something was constantly surprising him.  
“I can’t believe this is Shorlin.”  he said out loud but to himself.  He realized he should have kept that in his mind when he noticed Mr. Browley look over to him.
“Here we are, Miss Molly’s Inn.  I’ve always preferred this place to the Shorlin Hotel or the boardinghouse, it always feels more like home.”
“Why Mr. Browley.  Has it been a year already?”  A loud, large woman with fire red hair said with open arms.  She grasped Mr. Browley’s upper arms and gave him an obnoxious kiss on each cheek.  “I can always count on seeing you shortly after the harvest time.”  Chris was slightly alarmed when she turned to him.  “And who do we have here?  This cannot be your Mason.”
“No, Miss Molly, this is Chris Scholt.  He came around our parts this spring and he’s been helping me on the farm for room and board.  I thought a trip to the city would be good for him after all the hard work he’s put in this summer.”
Was that a compliment?  From Mr. Browley?  Chris didn’t know how to react.  He’d grown used to it from Mrs. Browley but rarely heard anything sentimental or anything close to it from Mr. Browley.  He just smiled as Miss Molly pinched one of his cheeks as though he was five years old.
“Handsome young man.”  she said with a wink and smile.  She locked eyes with him for only a split second but long enough for Chris to feel uncomfortable, then turned back to Mr. Browley.
“Your usual room?”
“Yes, please, and an adjourning room for Mr. Scholt.  You still offering supper for tonight?  I know it’s a little later than usual, but...”
“Supper is always ready here at Miss Molly’s.”  Molly piped up.  “You both go on up, get changed and I’ll have Thelma bring up some hot water for you.”  Her voice was annoyingly squeaky and sported an accent that Chris could not identify but she seemed very hospitable and nice.
When Chris arrived to his room, how tired he actually was hit him in one moment.  He wanted to crash down onto the bed and sleep the evening and night away.  The room was nice, small but very cozy.  The bed was no larger than his in the sod house and had many blankets on it incase the night became chilly.  A dresser sat on one wall with a large vanity mirror resting on top along with a pitcher sitting inside a large bowl.  A small desk and chair were near the foot of the bed and a night stand stood next to the bed with an oil lamp resting on it.  The one window between the desk and bed faced the busy road.
A quiet tap sounded on the door.  “Come in.”  Chris called.  An older woman entered with a large metal pitcher.  “Hot water?”  she asked.
“Please.”  Chris answered as he watched her walk timidly over to the ceramic pitcher on his dresser and empty the steaming liquid into it.  She gave him a nod and exited the door.
Chris poured the water from the pitcher into the basin and submerged his hands into it.  It was almost too hot to handle but it felt like heaven after the dusty ride.  He filled his cupped hands and spread the water across his face breathing in the vapors.  At that point he wished he could climb into the bowl.  Oh, how he missed showers.  With his eyes still closed, he reached over in the direction he remembered seeing a rack with a towel on it and felt around for the cloth.  After drying his hands and face, he laid down on the bed and allowed his head to sink into the pillow.  Chris groaned when he heard another knock at his door.
“Chris?  You ready for some supper?”  he heard Mr. Browley ask.
With what was left of his strength, he rose from the plush bed and made his way to the door.
They both made their way down the stairs and to the back of the house.  Through a large doorway was the dining room.  It had five small, round tables, some with four chairs crammed around it and some with only two.  Mr. Browley seemed to know exactly where he wanted to go when he walked over to the table with two chairs that sat closest to the window.  
“I’ve always liked this table.  It has a spectacular view of the garden.”  Mr. Browley stated, pointing out the back window.  “I’d love to come here in the summer sometime to see it in full bloom.”
“Why don’t you?”  Chris asked.
“Oh, I don’t know.  There are a lot of things to tend to at home in the summer time.  If I came back, it would be for leisure and I’d want to bring the missus, but she has so much to do tending the garden and meals, we just wouldn’t be able to get away.  With the kids being young, we wouldn’t be able to leave them.”  
“Your kids are not as young as you may think.”  Chris said wondering if he was overstepping his bounds.
Mr. Browley’s brow wrinkled.  “You’re right.  I guess I never really thought about it before.  Priscilla is turning into quite the young lady, Mason is almost a man and Hanna...”  His words trailed off.
“I think the four of us would be fine if you wanted to take Mrs. Browley here next summer.  It would be good for you guys to have some alone time.  My parents never took time for each other and they...”  Chris once again stopped himself.
Mr. Browley gave him a look but then shook his head as to fling the thought from his mind.  “The four of us, eh?  You planning on being with us till next summer?”
“If I have no other option.”  Chris stated immediately hearing the curt in his voice.  “Actually the farming life has really grown on me.”
“Well, Chris, once you wiped that attitude off of ya, you have proven that you can do anything.  You’ve done a really good job on the farm for the time you’ve been working it.  I’ve really appreciated the extra set of hands.  This trip is actually a couple of weeks early because we harvested so quickly.”
Chris stared blankly at Mr. Browley who, again, seemed to be complimenting him.
“You all right?”  Mr. Browley asked noticing Chris’s odd behavior.
“I’m just tired.  I guess I’m not used to the compliments I’ve received since I got here.  I never heard anything positive growing up.  I had led myself to believe that I was not good at anything.”
“We all have our strengths and weaknesses.”  Mr. Browley said.  “The trick is to find your strengths and work hard to make them stronger.  God has given us the tools we need to do His work and your strength comes from Him.  If you find what you’re good at, it may be Him leading you to use that to do what He is calling you to do.”
“You just said I was good at farming.  I feel I’ve caught on quickly and that I am good at it.  It’s the first time I’ve felt useful in my entire life.  But...”  Chris lost the question in deep thought.
“But what?”
“How could farming be my calling from God?  How is threshing wheat doing His work?”
“God works in mysterious ways.”  Mr. Browley stated with a smile.  “It may be the beginning of the grand plan he has for you, giving you the strength of manual labor to get you prepared for what’s next.  Just a guess, though.  Nobody knows what His divine plan is.  We’ll never know.  The trick is to just listen and obey what he tells you.”
Chris nodded but still confused.  The older woman, Thelma, brought them two plates heaped with food.  Roast beef, mashed potatoes and carrots, all smothered in brown gravy.
“I could eat all this and the plate, too.”  Mr. Browley stated rubbing his middle.
“There’s more where that came from.”  Miss Molly stated coming up from behind with a coffee pot.  “Have all you want but remember, there’s dessert.”

That night, Chris recalled the conversation he’d had with Mr. Browley about God’s divine plan.  What was His plan for Chris?  He couldn’t imagine what he was supposed to be doing with his life or where he could be useful.  His grandma did say that his earlier thoughts about God sending him back in time was His way of teaching Chris a deeper meaning in life.  If anyone had told him that back when he arrived, he would have scoffed, but now... it was sinking in.  Chris realized that he was starting to have more and more realizations of what life was all about.  It wasn’t how many stores you could hit up, it wasn’t about having material things, it was about family, friends, community and survival.  Chris knew that growing your own beans, snapping them, cooking them and enjoying them around a large table of family was simpler than stealing a can and eating it alone in an alley because the first scenario was more gratifying.
Chris never would have guessed that he could learn more from someone like Mr. Browley than from someone like Joe-Z.  Joe-Z seemed to know more than anyone about how to live on the streets, but Mr. Browley knew something much deeper.  He knew how to live his life honestly and live it well.
All the years Chris wanting to be like the leader of his former gang was quickly drifting away and it surprised him how much he wanted to be a Browley, instead.

The next day, Mr. Browley and Chris made their way back down to the livery to pick up the horses and wagon.  They headed East, then North near the Oak Forest River.  Chris noticed the large building with a large door in front and only one window near the top peak of the structure.  A large, faded sign hung in between that read ‘Shorlin Flour Mill’.
Chris waited in the rig while Mr. Browley went inside to conduct his business.  When he returned with another man Mr. Browley introduced as John Timberlin, Chris helped them bring in the sacks of wheat seed.
“I’ve done business with Mr. Timberlin since we arrived in Coar some 12 years ago.  He’s a fine man.”  Mr. Browley exclaimed as they rode off from the mill.
“Since we’ve dropped off the wheat, why do we have to stay until tomorrow?”  Chris asked.
“For the last several years, I’ve brought all my wheat to the mill here to sell most of it but now I have Mr. Timberlin grind up what we need for home.  The family and I have tried every way to grind our own flour but any home process takes too much work and time.  Mr. Timberlin graciously offered to grind up what we need for home for a shave off of the sell price.  It works out better this way.  We can now return with all we need for the winter.  It should be ready first thing in the morning, then we can be on our way.”
“What will we do with our day, then?”  Chris asked. 
“I usually get my Christmas shopping done while I’m here.  It’s always been an interesting process when I have Mason along but I think I’ve always successfully pulled it off.”  Mr. Browley stated with a smirk.  “You up for it?”
“Sure.”  Chris answered actually meaning it.  He wouldn’t mind spending a day wandering around the city, exploring what it was like and comparing it to shows, movies and books he’d seen in the past.  Only making it to the 8th grade, he’d studied little history but he knew what he’d always imagined in his own head.
“The missus is easy to shop for.  Every year, all she wants is a roll of nice material to make the family new Sunday dresses, but I think I’m going to get her a little something extra.”  Mr. Browley stated, almost talking to himself rather than Chris.
He wandered over to the jewelry and began looking intently at the broaches.  He selected a cream and burgundy broach and also a set of jeweled hair clips, a roll of blue, floral material and one of brown calico and made his way up to the front counter.
As Mr. Browley paid for his merchandise, Chris meandered over toward the jewelry, eyeing each piece.  ‘Oh, how easy it would be to snatch up one of these broaches.’  he thought.  The tempting thought caused him to take his hands from his pockets and look around.  The only store clerk was behind the counter helping Mr. Browley.  There are no cameras and no one else was in the store.  A perfect setting.  He’d have something wonderful to give to Hanna which could possibly cause her to look at him differently and possibly give her a reason to begin to love him.
He reached his hand forward, then paused.  Something caused him to hesitate, but what?  A perfect setting, he thought again.  If he gave Hanna an expensive piece of jewelry, though, it would definitely be questioned where he got it.  Most importantly, a direction his brain had never ventured before, he knew he was being watched.  No witnesses, no cameras but he knew he was being looked upon from above.  His grandma had made the promise more than once that she was watching over him and all these months he’d attended church with the Browley family, it had been stated repeatedly and read from the Bible that God watches over us.  He knows our actions, he knows our feelings, our thoughts and our hearts.
Chris walked quickly away from the jewelry and joined Mr. Browley at the counter.  He didn’t do it.  He didn’t take anything but he thought about it, he’d almost taken it, it was in his mind.  Had God seen?  Had He heard his thoughts?
‘Forgive me, Lord.’  Chris thought hard in prayer as he struggled to keep himself composed.  ‘Please forgive me.’

Chapter 11

Chris was quiet the first leg of the trip home.  He’d beat his mind up the rest of the day before and all night with his near attempt to steal that broach for Hanna.  Mr. Browley must have noticed Chris’ silence but had not said anything to him.  
Chris was grateful that the day was warm for their trip home.
"What's the matter, son?"  Mr. Browley finally asked.
Chris snapped out of his day dream and felt his stomach drop with the question.  How could he tell him about his near slip.  He would surely think much less of him if he knew of his past.  He may even fire him and kick him out of the soddy, sending him on his way.
"Oh, just thinking."  Chris stated vaguely.
"About?"  Mr. Browley asked giving Chris a sideways glance.
"Um, nothing in particular."  Chris tried to save himself from trying to explain.
Mr. Browley was quiet for a few minutes, then asked something Chris would never be able to prepare himself to answer.  "What did your father do, Chris?"
"My father?"
"I know you have more memory then you're letting on.  Yeah, I've caught your slips talking about your childhood.  You seemed to have let on that you've been to Shorlin before and you had mentioned something about your parents.  I was just wondering what your story is.  You do interact with my family and I like to know who is around my youngins."
Chris hung his head.  "I do have complete memory of my childhood."  he admitted.  "It's nothing to brag about and really something I'd rather forget.  I have not lied about not knowing how I got here.  I still don't know that."
"Do you remember where you're from, at least?"
Chris did know but was not ready to divulge that information to anyone.  "No."  he simply said.
“So, you don’t remember where you’re from or how you got here but you remember everything before that, is that correct?”
“Yes, but like I said, my childhood is not something I’m proud of or willing to talk about.  I was sent here for a reason, I know that and it’s a chance to start over and completely erase my past.”
“Well, you can’t completely erase it, Chris.  God gives us these experiences to learn from and if it is possible to wipe the past clean, you will never remember the lesson He was trying to bestow upon you.  We all have moments, especially when we are young, that we’re ashamed of, but it’s what you get out of it that matters.”
“I guess.”  Chris scoffed.
“If you didn’t remember the past or mistakes you’ve made, how would you know how to start over, here.  How would you know what and what not to do?”
“That’s true.”  Chris realized.  “I still wish I could wipe some memories, the ones that don’t seem to matter.”
“Well, we all do but that’s a part of life.  I just want to make sure you’re being up front with me.  We don’t keep secrets or lies in our home.  Trust is a hard thing to build back once it’s been broken.”
“I’m trying sir.”
“I know you are.”  Mr. Browley stated with a grin.  “I know you are.”

That evening as they neared the house, Mrs. Browley, Hanna and Mason came running, breathless, toward the wagon.
“Wow, what a welcome.”  Chris said.  “You always get greeted like this?”
“Something is wrong.”  Mr. Browley stated as he studied the worried looks on all their faces.  “What’s wrong, Ruth.”
“It’s Priscilla.  She came home from school yesterday, tired as could be and complaining of a headache and dizziness so I told her to lay down and when I tried to wake her for supper, she was burning up.  She has had an out of control fever since and I can’t arouse her.”  Mrs. Browley tried to explain through her gasping for air.  “The only movement she’s made is when she goes into the shivers.”
Mr. Browley jumped down from the bench.  “Mason, take the team in back and get them something to eat and drink.  I may have to turn about and high tail it back to Shorlin.”
Chris stood there stunned.  He didn’t know how to react within the panic.  Worry plagued his body for poor Priscilla.  
He followed Mr. and Mrs. Browley and Hanna up the stairs to the first bedroom on the left.  Priscilla’s room.  She laid in her bed, pale and taking shallow breaths.  She had a wet cloth on her head that Mrs. Browley had placed to try to control her fever.  Her small framed body convulsed with shivers every few minutes.  With each convulsion, she moaned very softly but was never jolted awake.
Mr. Browley went to her and touched her arm, then her cheek. 
“Hanna, go to town and ask Mr. Moyor if he can deliver some ice out here immediately.”
“Yes, pa.”
“I’ll go with you.”  Chris stated in a hurry, not knowing what else he could do to help.
It seemed that Chris’s legs were separated from his body as they almost sprinted to town.  The couple of miles seemed an eternity but they finally arrived at the mercantile.  
Hanna pounded on the door that had a ‘Closed’ sign on it until Mrs. Moyor answered.
“Priscilla has a terrible fever, pa has asked if Mr. Moyor can bring out some ice immediately.”  Hanna stated with the last of her breath.
“I’ll fetch him right away.  Shall I come, too?”  Mrs. Moyor asked with great concern.
“I’m not sure what you can do for her but I bet ma would appreciate you there for support.”  Hanna replied.  
After Mr. Moyor loaded up two sacks of ice into the wagon, Mrs. Moyor hopped onto the bench beside him while Chris and Hanna sat off the back.  
Mrs. Browley was waiting anxiously on the front porch when they arrived.  “Rebecca!”  She cried.  “I’m so glad you came.”
Rebecca embraced Mrs. Browley, then they turned to follow Mr. Moyor up the stairs with the ice.
“Pack her with the ice Ruth.  Rebecca, I’m glad you’re here.  Would you mind staying until I get back from Shorlin?”  Mr. Browley asked while breaking chunks off of the ice block.
“Yes, are you going back to fetch the doctor?  Is there cause for that much concern?”  Mrs. Moyor asked.
“Better safe than sorry.  I will take Samuel only and ride all night.  I should be back by tomorrow afternoon.”  He said to Mrs. Browley who simply nodded.
Rebecca gave Ruth a squeeze on the shoulder then turned to beat Mr. Browley out the door.  “As you’re getting Sam saddled, I’ll make you some sandwiches for the road.”  She stated quickly.
“Much obliged.”  He replied over his shoulder then turned to his wife to give her a hug and a kiss.  “I’ll be back with the doctor as soon as I can.  You do your best to keep her cool and hydrated.”
“I will.”  She replied, pulling herself together.  “I don’t know what’s come over me, I think I just melted when you finally arrived home.  I can take care of her.”
“I know you can.”  he said giving her another quick kiss.

Mr. Browley rode off into the evening and Mr. Moyor returned home.  Mason was finishing up the evening chores as Mrs. Moyor brewed some tea and took it upstairs to Mrs. Browley who had just finished packing her daughters neck, underarm’s and groin with the ice bits wrapped in sheets.
Chris, lost in the commotion made his way out to the front porch.  He didn’t want to disturb anyone, so he planned to slip out undetected and make his way home.  Out on the front steps, however, sat a huddled Hanna.
Chris approached her making a shuffle noise to announce his presence.  He sat down beside her and was surprised to see tears flowing down her face.
“Are you alright?”  Chris asked.  Even though he wanted to take her into his arms and console her, he was afraid of how she may take that.  As comfort or as an advance.  He really wanted to do what he could to make her feel better.  His heart was truly breaking watching her sob.
“I’m sorry.”  she said sniffing.
“Don’t be sorry.  I understand that you’re upset.  I want to be here for you Hanna.  I... I do care for you and I don’t want to see you like this.”  Too much?  He thought.
She looked him in the eyes and even though hers were moist, reddened and puffy, they were soft and the kindness he’d once seen in them had returned.
“I’m just worried for Priscilla.  I’ve never experienced this sort of thing before, where someone has had a fever for so long and refuses to wake up.  What if she’s dying?”
Chris couldn’t help himself.  He wrapped his arms around her shoulders and squeezed.  She accepted the embrace.
“She’s not going to die.  Mr. Brow... your pa is going to return tomorrow with the doctor and everything will be alright.”
“I know.”  she sniffed again.  “I don’t know what’s coming over me.  What I need to do is stop my sniffling and pray that God will take care of her.”
“That’s what you would tell me to do and you know it.”  Chris said teasingly.
The comment made them both chuckle as Chris loosened his hold on her.  
“Gods in control and I know Priscilla is strong.”  Hanna added.
“She is strong and do you know where she has gotten her strength?”  Chris asked her.
Hanna looked up at Chris with a wondering look on her face.
“From you.”  Chris continued.
Hanna’s wondering look turned into a baffled one with the statement.  “Me?  What do you mean?”
“I’ve spent a lot of time with Priscilla, picking the garden and berry hunting.  She’s told me a lot about the family and a lot about you.”
Hanna continued to look baffled.  “What.. about me?”
“She raved on about your strength.  Surviving the trip out here from the East.  The stories you’ve told her have really stuck in her head and she has confessed to me that yours, and your ma and pa’s strength has given her, hers.  She’s a lot stronger than you may think.”
Tears sopped Hanna’s face as she sunk into Chris’ chest.  He soaked in her warmth as he stroked her hair.  “I didn’t mean to upset you more.”  he said with sorrow.
“You didn’t.. you’ve given me hope.  Perhaps she is stronger than we all think.”  
Hanna gazed into Chris’ eyes and barely touched her finger tip to his chin.  “Thank you.”  she whispered, then jumped up and ran into the night.
Chris was left sitting there with his jaw upon the porch.  What just happened?  He wondered.  That was the most affection he’d ever seen come from Hanna and, to Chris, the strange part was that he was not trying to win her over, he was genuinely trying to comfort her.
Bitter sweet feelings filled his body as he trudged home in the darkness.  He felt hope for him and Hanna.  That there was a chance that Hanna could love him but he ached inside, with worry, for Priscilla.  He forced himself to remember the verse from Matthew [6:32] that was read in church only a few weeks prior:
Your Heavenly Father knows what you need.  But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.  Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself.  Each day has enough trouble of it’s own.  
As if gentle hands pushed on his shoulders, Chris fell to his knees in the middle of the road.  “I put poor Priscilla in your hands, Lord.  Please heal her and make her well.  Send your speed and safety to Mr. Browley as he rides to Shorlin for the doctor.  Watch over Mason, Mrs. Browley and Hanna and help them understand your will for Priscilla.  Give them the courage and strength to help and care for her all the while dealing with their own doubts and grief.”  
The prayer seemed to flow out of Chris as if he had no control over it.  He’d never said a prayer out loud like that before but when he finished “In Jesus’ name, I pray... Amen.”  He felt released.  He felt at peace and complete.  He was able to get back onto his feet, make it back to the sod house, start a small fire in the stove and lay in his bed.
Not a single thought plagued his mind.  Priscilla would be okay.  She was in God’s hands.  

The next morning, Chris woke up extra early all on his own.  His mental alarm clock was strengthening each and every week.  He was so glad that it had woken him up a touch earlier than normal so he could go get the morning chores done before anyone even knew he was there.  He felt the need to do whatever he could to help.  
Sadly, Chris realized that this was a new feeling.  To be completely selfless to help others.  Happy it was within him but sad that it had to be a new feeling at the age of nineteen.
He was surprised to see a light burning in the kitchen.  Mrs. Browley perhaps?  He hoped there was nothing wrong.  He tapped lightly on the front door and entered, not to see Mrs. Browley in the kitchen but Hanna.
“You’re up early.”  He exclaimed.
“I was just going to say the same to you.”  
“I thought I’d come get the morning chores done so you all could concentrate on caring for Priscilla.”
“That’s very thoughtful of you, Mr. Scholt.”  Hanna stated giving him a kind nod.
“Please, Hanna.  Call me Chris.  If Mason gets up, tell him that everything is taken care of.”  He turned to head for the back door.
“Chris.”  Hanna called out.  He turned to be warmed by her smile as she gazed at him.  After a few moments, she cleared her throat.  “Can I at least send you out with a cup of coffee?”
“I’m fine.  Thanks.  I’ll get a cup when I come back in.”  He tipped his hat to her as he’d seen in countless movies, and always wanted to try, and slipped out the door.
Chris worked diligently to feed the chickens, goat and cows.  He threw hay to Samantha who seemed lonely without Sam there with her.  He milked each cow which took him half the time it used to and was on the last one when he heard someone calling him.  
He glanced out of the barn door to see that the sun had come up doing very little to warm the day.  Hanna was running toward him from the house calling his name.  “Chris, Chris!”
He met her halfway, terrified of the news she was bringing him.  He grabbed her elbows when she reached him.  “What’s wrong, Hanna?”
Hanna could barely get any words out as she tried to catch her breath.  She looked up to him as a smile spread across her face.  “She’s up, Priscilla is awake!”
Chris grabbed Hanna’s hand and they ran up to the house together and up the stairs.  Priscilla was still quite feverish and extremely weak but was now conscious.   Mrs. Browley was standing over her mopping her face with a cool cloth.  Priscilla’s eyes fluttered as her body still shivered and shook.  Her skin no longer looked pale but had an eerie orange hint to it.
“We’re not out of the woods yet.”  Mrs. Browley stated when Chris and Hanna entered the room.  “But at least we’re seeing some life from her.  Praise God for answered prayers.”
Hanna glanced at Chris, released her hand from his and rushed to her sister’s side.  “Priscilla.”  she softly whispered.  Priscilla opened her glazed eyes and stared around the room.
“Do you think you can take in some broth?”
“Just one teaspoon at a time.”  Mrs. Browley warned.  “We don’t want to over do it.”
Hanna picked up the cup and spoon fed Priscilla two helpings.  The liquid dribbled down the sides of Priscilla’s mouth as her head became heavy again.  Mason stood in the doorway next to Chris, his face tight apparent that he was fighting back his emotions.
“That will do for now, Hanna.”  Mrs. Browley stated, touching Hanna’s shoulder.  “Would you be kind enough to go start some coffee?”
Hanna looked at her mother with pleading eyes, not wanting to leave her sister’s side.  Obediently, however, she rose to her feet.
“I’ll make it.”  Chris announced.  “You all stay here with Priscilla.”
Hanna’s grateful eyes met Chris’.  He turned and slowly descended the stairs.  He was confident that he’d watched Mrs. Browley make coffee enough that he’d know how to make it himself.  He was relieved, however, when he got to the stove and saw that the coffee had already been made.  Hanna must have prepared it while he was out in the barn, it just needed to be heated up.  
He took the poking stick from beside the stove and stoked the hot embers, throwing on a few logs to set the inside of the stove ablaze.  He also noticed a loaf of bread cooling on the counter.  He found the tray the family had used to bring him food when he laid injured in Hanna’s room months, but what seemed like years, ago.  He sliced four pieces of bread, lightly buttering them, filled three cups with coffee and one with milk.  He set a spoon with a small jar of jam on the tray and carried it up the stairs.  
Since he’d re-lit the stove, the temperature difference going up the stairs got cooler with each step.  He figured it was better to have the area that Priscilla was in to be cooler rather than burning hot.
Priscilla was sleeping again by the time he made it back into her room.  Mrs. Browley, Hanna and Mason all sat around her bed and seemed surprised by Chris’ tray arrangement.
After the coffee, milk and bread were consumed, they all sat back in the chairs they’d brought up from the table.  Mrs. Browley and Hanna took turns getting up and feeling Priscilla’s head, patting it down with the cool cloth they had to re-dip in the water every couple of minutes.
Chris’s early morning rise was catching up to him as he laid his head back, feeling his eye lids getting heavier.
The same sound made them all jump to their feet and fly to the window.  Samuel whinnying. 
“Pa!”  Hanna and Mason stated in unison.  Chris stood back as they fled down the stairs to go meet their pa and the doctor from Shorlin.  
Mrs. Browley stayed by Priscilla’s side.  “That was fast, he must have ran Sam ragged there and back.”  she commented.
“I will need everyone but the parents to step out a moment.”  the doctor announced when he entered the room.  “I need some room and we don’t know if what she has, yet, may be contagious.”
Mason, Hanna and Chris made their way down stairs in the same snail pace.  
“Did you really finish all the morning chores?”  Mason asked.
“Oh, I forgot.  I didn’t finish milking the last cow.  I’d better get out...”
“I’ll do it.”  Mason said.  “I really need something to do to keep my mind busy.  Please tell pa and the doctor I will feed and water their horses, as well”  He excused himself and headed to the back door.
There was a short moment of silence when Hanna and Chris realized that they were, once again, alone.
“Would you like more coffee?”  she finally said.
“Uh, yeah, that would be nice.”
“I’m surprised it’s not evaporated and scorched with all the wood you put on this fire.”  she laughed.
Chris shrugged his shoulders.  “I’ve never done that before.”  he said, laughing with her.
“You did fine.  I’m just teasing you.  Thank you for doing that, by the way.”  her tone becoming serious.  She poured him another cup as they sat in the remaining two chairs at the table.
“I know doctors are only human, but for some reason, I feel better that he is here.”  Hanna stated.
“It doesn’t seem right, but that’s the way it feels, isn’t it?  Does your family know this doctor?”  Chris asked.
“Yes, the entire town of Coar knows him.  That’s Dr. James Blake.  He’s been coming to these parts whenever he is needed.  He had mentioned long ago that he’d planned to move here since Coar does not have it’s own doctor but I’m not sure what happened to that plan.”
“It would be nice to fetch a doctor as quickly as we fetched the ice last night.”  Chris stated just trying to keep the conversation going.
“It would be.  I hope he is still considering the move.  He would be a great asset to our community.” 
“Hanna..?”  came a voice from upstairs.  “Could you get some water boiling, please?”
“Yes, ma.”  Hanna answered jumping up from her chair.
Chris stood up as Dr. Blake and Mr. Browley came down the stairs.  They spoke amongst themselves in low tones.
“Can I offer you some coffee, doctor?”  Hanna asked.  “Pa?”  They both nodded not hiding their fatigue from the all night ride.  They both fell into the rocking chairs in the parlor as Hanna brought them their cups.
“I trust that everything is getting taken care of outside?”  Mr. Browley asked.
“Mason is out there right now tending to your horses.”  Chris stated.
“Yes, but Mr. Scholt was here hours before dawn and got most of the morning chores done before the house was even stirring.”  Hanna stated proudly, throwing Chris a grin.
Chris just nodded, actually embarrassed with the acknowledgement. 
“Doctor?”  Hanna looked at Dr. Blake with her brow raised.  Reading her mind and the concern spread across her face, he answered her without further question.  “Priscilla has Malaria.  It’s caused from mosquito bites.  Your ma has you boiling water to mix in some powdered roasted Alum.  That should help with the fever.  That’s all we can do for now except wait and pray for her temperature to decrease.”
Hanna nodded, grateful for the update.  “The water!”  she gasped, running into the kitchen.
Hanna filled a cup with the bubbling water and headed upstairs to her sisters bedroom.
“Did the doctor tell you?”  her mother asked as she opened a small packet of powder, dissolving it into the cup.
“Yes, I asked.”  Hanna replied.
Mrs. Browley cooled the liquid, stirring and blowing on it for several minutes and lifted her youngest daughter’s head to administer the first spoonful.  Unlike the broth, Priscilla took in the medicine.
“Now we wait.”  Mrs. Browley stated in a whisper.  “Wait and pray.”

Chapter 12

“Doctor, please come... quickly.”  Came a desperate voice from upstairs.
Pa, Chris and the doctor had all fallen asleep in their parlor room chairs.  The bellow from above startled them all awake but the doctor was to his feet before Chris could even focus his eyes.
Following the doctor and Mr. Browley, Chris ran up the stairs, stopping before reaching the top.  He could hear Priscilla coughing, choking and gagging.
“She has been vomiting since I gave her the Alum.”  Mrs. Browley stated to the doctor.
Chris could not see what was going on but could hear the doctor shifting around the bed.  “The Alum may be too harsh for her stomach right now.  It’s also terribly foul tasting.  Do you have any clove and cinnamon?  Perhaps some honey?”
“Yes, in the pantry.”  he heard Mrs. Browley say.
“Mix together one part clove and one part cinnamon and bring to a boil.  When it’s done, add a drop of honey.  That should be gentler on her stomach.”  the doctor ordered.
Hanna flew by Chris so fast down the stairs that he didn’t think she even saw him there.
“I think she has everything up, now.”  Mrs. Browley stated even though Chris could still hear Priscilla coughing.
“Let’s just pray the cinnamon does the job.”  The doctor stated.

* * * * *

A couple of weeks passed.  Everyone including Chris prayed for Priscilla's recovery and God answered their prayers.  Priscilla's fever had ceased along with the aches, pains and chills.  She was extremely weak, though and had only progressed to getting up and to a chair only feet from her bed.
The doctor had stayed for two weeks then headed back to Shorlin when he felt Priscilla was out of the danger zone.
"I want to go to the harvest dance."  Priscilla cried one mid October day.
"I'm not sure if you're ready for that yet, dear."  Mrs. Browley stated.
"I'm not planning to dance, I just want to go.  It's still a couple of weeks away, I'll be strong by then, I just need to get out of this bed and try to go downstairs.  Please, can I try, ma?"
"We'll see."  Mrs. Browley said, throwing Mr. Browley a concerned look.
"Can I try to go downstairs, now?"  Priscilla begged.
A silence fell over the room as Mrs. Browley's eyes pleaded with Mr. Browley.  "How about I carry you down today and you can read in one of the rocking chairs for awhile."  Mr. Browley suggested. 
"Anything.  Yes.  I just need to get out of this room!"
"Ruth, grab a slew of blankets and a pillow and get the chair closest to the fire ready for her.  It's a mite chilly today."  Mr. Browley said as he removed the blankets from Priscilla and scooped up his daughter.  
Mrs. Browley gathered two quilts and a pillow and rushed downstairs ahead of her husband.  She laid one quilt over the cool, wooden rocking chair and put the pillow on the back of it.  When Priscilla was placed into the chair, Mrs. Browley covered her with the second quilt and tucked it in around her legs, hips and back to assure no air would get in to chill her.  She arranged the pillow into the small of her back and turned to stoke the fire in the fireplace.  
Priscilla leaned back into the chair and allowed one of her slippered feet to touch the floor, rocking the chair gently back and forth.  Her mother brought her favorite book.
“Ah, thank you ma and pa.  It feels so much better to be downstairs.  I’d almost forgotten what the downstairs looked like.  If I never see my bedroom again, I’ll be happy.”
“I’m sure you’ll feel differently once you get tired again.”  Mrs. Browley stated.
“I’ll sleep right in this chair, then.”  Priscilla said in a joking voice with a smirk to her mother.
“There’s my Priscilla.”  Mrs. Browley smiled back and gave her youngest child a kiss on the forehead.

Chris was finishing up his morning coffee in the kitchen when Mr. and Mrs. Browley brought Priscilla down, he had heard her complaining about wanting to go to the dance earlier.
“I’ve heard a couple of people talk about this harvest dance, what is it?”  He asked Hanna as she took two loaves of bread from the oven, laid them on their sides and covered them both with a cloth.
“It’s a dance we have every year after everyone in the community is done with their harvest.  It’s a celebration of what God has provided for us and a celebration of everyone’s hard work.  It has turned into the biggest event of the year, here in Coar.  I can see why Priscilla does not want to miss it.”
“Are you going?”  Chris asked.
“Of Course.”  Hanna said with a soft giggle.  “I go every year.”
"Well."  Chris began, his mind jumbled.  "Maybe we could, I mean... if you'd like to, um.. well, we could.."
A heavy knock on the front door interrupted Chris's scattered thought.  He still couldn't figure out if these interruptions were a save or a curse when he was alone with Hanna.  He never could seem to get the words out correctly.
Chris glanced at Hanna who had her hands submerged in the sink, scrubbing the bread pans.
“Would you mind?”  she asked.
Chris nodded and headed to the front door.  As he opened it, his smile quickly faded.
“Hello, Chris.”
“Cale.”  Chris answered with a scowl.
“How is Priscilla?”  Cale asked.
“She’s fine.  She’s up and downstairs today.  Did you come to see her or did you come to see Hanna cause they are both busy right now.”  Chris lowered his voice so the girls would not hear him being so rude.  His body stretched across the frame as if he was prepared to guard the doorway if Cale attempted to enter.
“Uh, neither actually.  I came to see Mr. Browley.  Is he home?”
“Oh,”  Chris said, calming his tone.  “Yeah, he’s out back in the barn with Mason.”
“I’ll find my way.  Thank you Chris.”  Cale called back as he already made his way down the porch steps.
Chris shut the door and returned to the kitchen where Hanna was putting away the dinner dishes.
“Who was at the door?”  Hanna asked swinging around from the sink to the plate cabinet.
“Cale Edmund.”
“Cale?  What did he want?  Did he come in?”
“Naw, he wanted to talk to your pa.  I told him he was in the barn and he headed back there.”
“He... what?”  Hanna gasped as the handful of tin plates hit the floor in a loud crash.  “No, I asked him not to do this!”  She hissed, scooping up the plates, throwing them back into the sink and running up the stairs.
Chris heard her footsteps run down the hallway and her bedroom door slamming.
“What is all the commotion?”  Mrs. Browley asked coming in from sitting with Priscilla in the parlor.  
“Uh, Hanna dropped some plates by accident.  Everything is ok.”  Chris hesitantly said since he was not sure what was going on, either.
“Well, that doesn’t explain why she went tearing up the stairs and slammed the door.  I’ll go see what the matter is.”  Mrs. Browley wasn’t even done with her sentence when she began heading up the stairs.
Chris heard Mrs. Browley tap on the door, then enter.  He could hear muffled voices but couldn’t make out what was being said.  He could hear that Hanna was crying.  He wanted to bolt up the stairs, find out what upset her and comfort her as he had throughout Priscilla’s ordeal.
He, instead, walked into the parlor, throwing Priscilla a quick wink and to the back door window.  He could see Cale and Mr. Browley speaking outside of the barn door.  Chris was never good at reading body language but Cale looked nervous while Mr. Browley wore a strong decisive expression.  He had his hands on his hips and nodded a lot but his face seemed tight.
What could Cale possibly be talking to him about that would make such a face on Mr. Browley.  Just then, Mr. Browley lifted an arm and patted Cale on the shoulder.  His face was softened a bit and he began responding to Cale with shallow nods.  He patted him again on the back as they walked up toward the house.  Cale then turned, shook Mr. Browley’s hand and headed down the road.  Mr. Browley continued walking up to the back door.
Chris dodged the window and walked quickly back into the kitchen before he was caught spying.
“Hanna?”  Mr. Browley called when he entered the back door.
“She’s upstairs with ma.”  Priscilla announced.  “What is going on, pa?”
“I’m not sure what you mean.  Anyway, it’s between your sister and me at this moment.  You mind your own affairs, young lady.”
“Yes, pa.”  Priscilla hung her head then continued reading her book.
After he ascended the stairs and entered Hanna’s bedroom everything went quiet.  A few moments, but eternity to Chris, passed.  They all emerged.  Hanna was no longer crying but still looked extremely upset.
“May I go for a walk, mother?”  Hanna asked.
“Of course, dear.”
Hanna walked gracefully out the back door.  Chris noticed as he glanced out the window that when she reached the end of the yard, she began running.  She was still upset and Chris was determined to find out why.
“She’s going to the peninsula.”  Priscilla whispered from her chair behind Chris.
“The what?”
“It’s a part of the bank that jots out into the middle of the river but it’s dry and grassy on top.  It’s her favorite spot.  You didn’t ask but I know you were wondering.”  Priscilla stated with a smirk.
Chris glanced over to the kitchen to see Mr. and Mrs. Browley discussing something at the table. 
“What do you mean?”  Chris asked Priscilla in a whisper.
“Please, I’m almost ten years old, I’m not blind.  I know how you feel about my sister.  Plus, nobody else is going to tell me what is going on...”
Chris glanced back into the kitchen, then slowly made his way out the back door.  He passed the yard and field, then followed the path Mason always took him fishing.  He reached the river.  ‘Peninsula... peninsula.’  he said in his thoughts looking left then right.
He took a right and followed the river past the bend.  As he rounded the curve, he saw her.  Sitting on what appeared to be an island in the middle of the river but attached to one side of the bank.  A peninsula.  
Hanna sat facing away from Chris.  Her dress spread out around her and offered a sparkle of blue to the orange, yellow and red leaves falling from the dozens of maple trees.  Her golden hair glimmered in the sunlight as a soft breeze made the wisps flow.  She stared off into space, only moving long enough to dab her teary eyes.
Chris slowly approached this angel not being able to take his eyes off of her.  She was a vision.  Crying or not, she was a sight to see.  She looked straight from Heaven.
Hanna jumped when Chris stepped on a fallen twig.  She quickly turned her head and dabbed her eyes dry.
“What are you doing here?”  She asked as Chris walked across the peninsula.
“I came to see if you were alright.”  He said with true concern.
“How did you know I was here?  Did you follow me?”  She asked with a slight raise in her voice.
“No.  Priscilla told me... um, once that this was your favorite spot.  I just took a guess that you’d be here.  Did you not want to talk about it?”  He asked, kneeling down beside her.
“I probably shouldn’t.  There’s nothing I can do about it.  I just can’t believe a decision like this was made without me.”  She couldn’t help but to start crying again.
“What decision?”  Chris asked slowly.
“Cale...”  more tears.
“What did he do?”
“He came here to... to ask pa for my hand.”
“Your hand?”  Chris asked in complete confusion.  “What does that mean?”
Hanna glanced over and looked at him as though he had lost his mind.
“My hand... in marriage.”
“What?”  Chris almost yelled.  He wanted to jump up onto his feet but thought better.  “I mean... I thought you liked Cale.  You two seemed awfully close at his parents barn dance.
“I do like Cale.”  Hanna admitted.  “but not in that way.  We’ve always been such great friends but I’ve never seen myself marrying him.  He wants to be a writer, ya know.”
“No, I did not know that.”  Chris said with jealousy in his voice.  “What?  You don’t think he’ll be successful, is that why you don‘t want to marry him?”
“I know he will be successful, he is going to New York University in the fall.  I just..”
“Just what?”  Chris asked taking the chance by covering her hand with his.
“I don’t want to leave Coar.”  She sobbed again.  “I could never leave my home or my family and live in a big city like that.  Not only do I want to marry someone that I love but I want to marry a farmer, someone who loves this place as much as I do.”
Hanna’s eyes grew wide and took in a gasping breath.  “I shouldn’t be talking to you about all of this.  It’s too personal and not proper.”  She pulled her hand out from under Chris’.
“I don’t want you to feel that way, Hanna.  I want you to be able to talk to me about anything.”  He began saying something but then retreated.
“If you don’t want to marry him then tell him ‘no’.”  He said instead.
“My parents think it’s a good idea.  They know he’ll be successful, they know what good friends Cale and I are and they feel he’s my last chance in Coar.  Everyone else is either too old or too young.  I feel the same way sometimes but I don’t want to compromise my happiness because I feel it’s my only option.”
“You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do.  I don’t know your parents as well as you do but if you explain this to them, they will probably understand.  I know your ma will.  Cale is not your only option, Hanna.”  Chris said, not knowing if he should finish that thought.
“What do you mean?”  Hanna asked looking into Chris’ eyes.
“Well, you just never know who’s going to venture into town.. you know, like I did.”  Chris hoped she wouldn’t read between the lines but, then again, hoped she would.
She did raise her face to him but said nothing of the comment.
"I just don't know what to do."  She said hopelessly trying to find a corner of her handkerchief that was dry.
“What would you tell me to do?”  Chris asked, turning the tables on her.
“I would tell you to bring it to God, pray about it and head into the direction He tells you to go.”  The words flowed out of her as natural as could be as if she was really offering this advice to Chris.  The fact that she was talking about herself made her stop.  Her expression grimaced then relaxed as if her thoughts were shifting in multiple directions.
Chris just smiled knowing that she, herself, had solved her problem.
“I don’t know why I fret, when I know God is in control.”  she softly whispered, folding up her hanky.  “Thank you for reminding me, Chris.”  she put her hand over his, briefly, then got up onto her feet.  “Shall we go back?  I have a lot of praying to do.”

Nothing more was said about Cale in the next week.  Chris’ nerves took him over day by day as he worried that he had somehow, without realizing it, convinced Hanna to marry Cale.  He knew what he said to her was the right thing to say.  It was in God’s hands and if it was His plan for Hanna to marry Cale.. he would just have to accept that.  
That’s what Chris’ brain said, anyway.  His heart wanted to curse God’s plan if it meant he wouldn’t be with Hanna.  Everyday was like walking on needles waiting for Hanna to reveal her decision, her answer from God.
One cool afternoon, Chris was brushing the Sam’s when Hanna entered the barn.
“Pa?”  she bellowed through the long building.
“Up here.”  he called from the loft as he forked scoops of hay, throwing it down for Chris to later give to the horses, cows and goats.
“I need you to come inside.  Ms. Rougen is here and would like to speak to the entire family.”
Mr. Browley climbed down the ladder which was nothing more than spaced out boards nailed to the wall.  He walked to the front door of the barn then turned to Chris.  
“I’ll just throw this hay to the animals.”  Chris exclaimed.
“She said the family, son.  Let’s go inside.  Maybe the missus has some coffee to take the chill off.”
Chris was taken aback by Mr. Browley’s comment.  He had been invited to a family meeting.  He felt a warm sensation come over him and could not hide his wide grin as he made his way to Mr. Browley’s side.  
They walked into the house to see everyone already sitting in the parlor.  Priscilla was in her usual spot, the rocking chair closest to the fireplace, only this time she’d been making the trips downstairs on her own.  Mason, Mrs. Browley and Hanna sat snuggly on the small sofa and a woman, Chris recognized from town and church, sat in the other rocker.
Chris and Mr. Browley each grabbed a chair from the dining table and took their seats next to everyone else.
“Pa, you remember our school teacher, Ms. Elizabeth Rougen.”
“Of course.”  Mr. Browley stated with a smile.  “to what do we owe this pleasure?”
“This is regarding Hanna.  She doesn’t know why I’m here yet.  I assume this would be purely her decision but I thought I’d discuss the idea first with the entire family.”  Ms. Rougen was sure to smile and nod at every member of the family, including Chris.
She was the perfect vision of a school teacher.  She was an older maiden, with dark hair, a gaunt face and a pointed nose.  ‘All she was missing was a mole at the tip of her nose.’  Chris thought, immediately regretting where his mind was going.  ‘That wasn’t nice.  She was a perfectly kind person.’
“I’m not sure if any of you have heard”  she continued.  “I have been looking for another teaching position near my home town.  Not that I don’t love it here in Coar, I do, but I miss my family terribly and long to be near them again.”
Everyone nodded, understanding what she meant, except for Chris.
“Yesterday, I received a letter from my sister that there will be a teaching position at the school that she teaches in, in the heart of Minneapolis.  Now, don’t worry, the position will not be open until the beginning of next fall’s school year, so I will be finishing this entire year and will be moving in the mid summer.”
“Congratulations, Ms. Rougen.  We are truly happy for you, although we will be terribly sorry to see you leave.”  Mrs. Browley stated with an excited turned solemn voice.  “What will we do for a teacher?”
“That’s why I am here.  There are possibilities to search for a teacher, possibly running an ad in the Shorlin and Branson newspapers, but my first thought was our Hanna.”
Hanna’s eyes widened.
Ms. Rougen continued.  “She had expressed to me in the past a love for teaching and she is wonderful with the children.  I could arrange for a test to be administered to you, Hanna, to allow you to graduate early.  Then you could assist me to learn the ropes, so to speak.  After several months, I would put you in charge of the classroom as I assist you.  It would be a smooth transition for the children and an easy one if they’re left with someone they know.  There is no pressure on you and please take all the time you need to think it over.”  With that, she rose out of the chair as though she had a board down the back of her dress.  “Let me know, dear.”  She said, giving Hanna a warm smile.
Hanna and Mrs. Browley walked her to the front porch, thanked her for the visit and opportunity, then came back in to join the family.
“Well, this certainly changes a few things.”  Mr. Browley stated first, breaking the silence.  “What are you thinking Hanna?”
Hanna shot a quick glance to Chris then turned to her parents.  “I think this is the answer to my many, many prayers.”
“What do you mean, dear?”  Mrs. Browley asked.
“Ma, Pa.  I don’t want to marry Cale.”  Hanna exhaled sharply as if the statement had released a great burden.  “I don’t love him, I don’t want to leave Coar and live in a big city.  I’ve been praying almost every moment of every day about where God wants me, asking Him for his guidance and to please tell me what to do.  This is the answer.  He wants me to stay here in Coar and teach!”  Hanna’s excitement grew with each word.
“The opportunity is a wonderful one.”  Mrs. Browley stated.  “but, why didn’t you tell us how you felt about Cale?”
“I don’t know.  I just felt it was what you both wanted and I didn’t want to disappoint you.”
“No wonder you were so upset last week.”  Priscilla said.  
“How could not marrying someone whom you don’t love disappoint us?  We love you Hanna and want nothing but the best for you.”  Mrs. Browley gave her husband a look of pride.  “We are also proud of you that you took your worry, concern and question to the Lord.”
She got up and crossed the room to embrace her daughter, kissing her on the cheek.  “I suppose you only have one more hurdle to leap.  You need to speak with Cale.  It’s the fair and noble thing to do.”
Hanna nodded nervously.   “I will speak to him immediately.  Do you mind?”
“Not at all, dear, I’ll handle supper.”  Mrs.  Browley said with a smile.
Hanna walked past Chris in slow motion.  She looked into his eyes, then bowed her head to symbolize a ‘thank you’ to him.  
Chris did the same, for his prayers were answered as well.  Hanna was not to marry Cale and he still had the chance to be with the one he truly and purely was head over heals in love with.

Chapter 13

The evening atmosphere was crisp and cool.  The smell of the moist, fallen leaves filled the air with a delightful fragrance as the bright sky turned a dusky purple.  
Chris' stove was glowing with radiant heat, almost too much heat for the small dugout home.  He slipped on his boots wishing he had something nicer to wear to the harvest dance.  The thought surprised him as he'd never been worried about what he was wearing.  Even as a child when the other kids picked on him about his raggedy clothes, it was all he knew.
Tonight, however, he wanted to look nice for Hanna.  Was it his imagination or was she beginning to see through his rough exterior to the kind gentle person he actually was inside?  The person that has strived for only one thing in his life.  Love.  This longing has led him on desperate, destructive paths but now, he hoped, it was leading him to the beginning of the rest of his life... with Hanna.
He heard the clanking wagon wheels approaching, a sound he was now accustomed to, and ventured outside to catch his ride. 
"The harvest dance is over at the Pike farm."  Chris recalled being told.  "Tyler and Sarah host it every year."
Chris sat, as he was tossed around, in the back of the Browley's wagon so deep in thought that he ignored everyone else on board.  Mr. and Mrs. Browley sat up on the bench while Mason, Hanna, Chris and Priscilla sat in the back.  He wanted to speak with her about how she was feeling that evening, obviously well enough that her parents allowed her to join the party.  He wanted to talk to Hanna and tell her how beautiful she looked in her dress and in the early evening light. 
His thoughts, however, focused on holding his stomach down.  Nerves consumed him as he thought of tonight.  It was tonight, he felt, that would be a milestone moment for him with Hanna.  It was tonight he was going to ask her to dance and finally feel her in his arms.
Mr. Browley led the team around a corner and passed a stretched field.  It wasn't farm land, no crops had been planted or harvested, no one must live in that certain area.  Chris' eyes widened with the realization that he'd seen this field before.  The scene behind it, strangely familiar.  The array of purple and white flowers had withered and the trees in the distance stood naked, but he recognized it just the same.  This had been the area he'd woken up to in this strange land.
It hit him how much he had changed and how much had happened in just the short time he'd been there.  He looked around to the family that took him in and treated him like their own.  Sure there were bumps and miscommunications, mostly by Chris' hand, but at the end of the day, he was family.  It was truly spectacular how it made Chris feel.
Grateful that this new feeling took over his anxiety, he leaned his head back to enjoy the rest of the ride.  It didn't last long for within minutes they turned onto the Pike property.
"We're here?"  Chris asked astonished.  He couldn't believe how close he was to a farm when he woke that chilly May morning.  If only he'd taken a left when he found the road rather than the right.  He would have found the Pike family first.  He wouldn't have had to walk the entire day, he possibly could've been fed or taken in sooner.
Why did he turn right?  Chris needlessly racked his brain.  If he hadn’t, nothing that happened would have happened.  He possibly would not have suffered so terribly with the mattressless bed, the walking, the thirst and hunger, the tornado.  He would have learned nothing.  He would not be with the Browley family.
‘There was a reason I went in that direction.’  Chris thought.  ‘Everything that happened, happened for a reason.  I am where I was meant to be, where I belong.’
Chris silently thanked God for leading him in the direction he was supposed to be.  He was amazed how often he did that now.  How he could speak to God in his thoughts and how naturally the thoughts came.  He knew he didn’t need words for God to hear him for God knew his heart.
With a sharp breath, Chris snapped back into reality.  He slid off of the back of the wagon with Mason as they helped the women down.  
The entrance of the barn was illuminated by a dozen lanterns.  Two hung on each side of the door, four more hung on posts to form a pathway up to the door while another half dozen lit up the inside of the barn which rumbled with music and laughter.  
Chris recognized the instruments playing even before seeing them.  He heard the piano, from church, that the town people lugged and moved around for these parties.  He heard Mr. Edmund's fiddle and a harmonica usually played by Mr. Kinsley.
They entered two by two.  Mr. with Mrs. Browley, Mason with Priscilla and Chris with Hanna.  The warmth, brightness and gayety overwhelmed the building.  The food table to the left was stocked and flittered with multiple fragrances which all seemed to compliment each other.  
The bouncy tune made Priscilla move, wanting to bolt out onto the dance floor.
“Priscilla!”  Mrs. Browley snapped.  “What did we discuss?”
“Ma... I feel fine.”  Priscilla whined.
“We had an agreement, two slower paced songs and that was it.  You just got your strength back.” 
“Your mother is right.”  Mr. Browley stated.  “If you make an agreement you must honor it.  You don’t want to fall ill again, do you?”
“No.”  Priscilla answered in a quiet voice with her head hung low.
“We’re going to start the night out with a square dance.  Everybody wanting to join, meet in the middle.”  Mr. Edmund announced.
Hanna grabbed Chris’ hand and began pulling him onto the dance floor.  “No, I don’t know how to square dance.”  Chris exclaimed pulling back on Hanna’s hand.
“It’s easy, I’ll teach you.”  She stated with a smile.
He allowed her to pull him into the forming circle as Mr. Kinsley began calling the dance.
“Everybody must join hands then walk in a circle.”  Hanna began explaining over the noise of the music.  “Men’s palms up and women’s palms down.”  
Chris did what he was told but did not have the same bounce as everyone else as they made their way around the circle.  When the circle had made its full rotation, the couples all faced each other, Chris followed.  Hanna linked her elbow into his and began spinning him around.
As they spun around, she shouted that the next call would be a do-si-do.  “Just face me and fold your arms.   We will walk past, behind and past each other again.”
She barely finished the explanation when Mr. Kinsley began calling the move.  Chris looked around for a visual on what to do.  The moves were not difficult, but seemed to be, as Chris realized how ungraceful he actually was.
“Next is grand right.  Grab my right hand, walk past me and grab the next gals hand, keep going around the circle until you get back to me.”
When he reached Hanna at the end of the circle, she grabbed his hands, his left in her left and his right in her right.  Standing side by side, they walked the circle.
“Follow my lead.”  Hanna said grabbing Chris’ hands and rotating herself counter clockwise under his arm, ending at his side the very second the music came to an abrupt stop.  Her smile radiated as she laughed with her labored breath.  Chris’ smile met hers.
“What did you think?”  She asked.
“I definitely need more practice.”  Chris stated.
“I thought you did fine.  You’ve never square danced before?”
Chris shook his head then opened his mouth to answer when a gruff voice approached from behind him.  “Hanna.”
Cale Edmund walked quickly up to Hanna wedging himself in between her and Chris.  “You came here with him?  Cale sneered.
“Cale, that’s none of your concern.  I am not yours to question.”  Hanna stated with her chin held high.  “We had a discussion of this nature the other day.  I am not interested in you in that manner.”
“You’re not interested in being with me cause you’re blinded by the wiles of this joke!”  Cale almost shouted, swinging his hand back, barely clipping Chris’ face.
“Watch what you say, buddy!!”  Chris said sternly, pushing his boiling blood down to keep his temper under control.
“This has nothing to do with him.”  Hanna said.
“This has everything to do with him.”  Cale responded, now shouting.  “We’ve been friends our whole lives and as soon as some random stranger shows up, I’m nothing to you.”
“She’s already explained herself to you, Cale, there’s nothing more to say.”  Chris shouted back, swinging Cale around to face him.
Before Chris knew what had happened, he was on the barn floor, his face throbbed and burned.  Mr. Edmund, Mr. Browley and a few other men grabbed Cale and dragged him out of the barn still yelling and swinging his fists.
Hanna ran and bent down to Chris’ side.  “Are you alright?”  She asked caressing his reddened cheek.
“I’m fine!”  Chris said curtly, removing her hand from his face.  The embarrassment of being taken down by someone younger than him, with no warning for Chris to prepare was too much.  Everyone had seen, all eyes still on him.  Chris felt his cheek pulsating but the greatest pain was that of his pride.
He stood up, brushed the dust and hay from his clothes and stormed out of the back door.
It was dark and hard for Chris to see, but he stomped on.  The cold air hit him with a shock but relieved the burning from his face.
“Chris.”  came a small voice from the distance.  “Chris, where did you go?”
“Hanna?”  he called back.  She had come after him.  She was truly concerned and the way he treated her... it was awful.  “I’m over here.”  he called trying to meet her halfway.
He barely made out her silhouette and headed for her.  The surprise of an embrace took Chris aback.
“I’m sorry.”  she cried.
“It’s not your fault.  I’m not mad, Hanna, just... I’m just a little embarrassed.”  Chris confessed,  comforting her.
“It is my fault.  I shouldn’t have dangled you in front of him like that.  Cale has always been one of my best friends but shouldn’t that mean that he wants to see me happy?”
Chris hesitated but couldn’t contain his wondering.  “Are you happy?”
As Chris’ eyes began to focus, he could make out the outline of her soft face.  He placed his hand on her chin and raised her face to his.  “With me, I mean.  Are you happy?”
“I’ve tried not to be, I’ve tried hard but for some reason, I find myself thinking of you often.  I’ve seen how you’ve changed, how you’ve taken down the wall that was strong around you when you arrived.  I feel that this person I’ve seen the last couple of weeks is the real you.  Is it?  The real you?”
Chris didn’t know how to answer that question.  He didn’t quite know who the real him was.  “I’ve spent most of my life trying to figure that out, Hanna.  All I do know is that I have found something within myself since I’ve gotten here and the person I want to be comes out when I am with you.”
A tear trickled down her face as she still gazed into his eyes.
“I have not stopped thinking about you since the first day I laid eyes on you.  That morning you stood in the doorway of your bedroom to fetch my breakfast tray.  I thought I’d died and seen an angel.  I have longed to be with you since.  So please answer me truthfully, could you see yourself happy with me?”
Chris didn’t know who was controlling the words escaping his mouth.  They didn’t sound like anything he would have come up with on his own but that they were being manifested by his heart.  His heart that began pounding straight from his chest as he waited for her answer.
“Yes.”  she whispered.  “I would be, Christopher.”
Christopher, the name he’d heard thousands of times in a mocking voice from his mother.  The name he’d learned to despise over the years.  The name he’d cringe at if anyone dared to call him that, suddenly sounded sweet.  It sounded sincere and full of love.  Chris’ heart melted.  He touched his hand to her face and gave her a simple, soft kiss.
The faint music from the barn slowed into a gentle ballad.  He embraced Hanna and they began swaying to the sweet sounds.
Was this really happening?  The moment Chris had waited for since he set his eyes upon this beautiful creature.  Surely he had stepped into heaven.
Without words, Chris looked upward to the sky.  He didn’t need to say the words, he reminded himself once again.  God knew what was in his heart.

* * * * *

"I cannot believe how beautiful it is today."  Mrs. Browley stated one afternoon in early November.  "Some years, we have snow by now but it's sunny and warm out."
"It truly is a blessing since we still have so much to do before winter hits us."  Mr. Browley responded.
"Oh, can't we put the work off for an afternoon and go have a picnic down by the river?"  Priscilla chimed in.
"That's a wonderful idea."  Mrs. Browley said.
"Oh, can we pa?  Please, please?"  Both Mason and Priscilla chimed in.
"I suppose a little family time is more important.  We can take the afternoon off.  But that means double time tomorrow.  You up for it, men?"  Mr. Browley turned to both Mason and Chris.
Mason jumped up "I'll go get my fishing pole."
Chris nodded to Mr. Browley then turned to Hanna to see her tender smile and twinkling eyes.  He couldn't imagine being able to spend any alone time with her if the family was buzzing around but to just be near her was good enough for him.
Although the breeze sent a chill through the air, it was strangely warm for November.  The sun shined bright in the clear blue sky wafting with a few billowing clouds.  Mrs.  Browley had packed a light basket and the family headed through the yard, across the field and to the tree line.
"Where should we stop?"  Mrs. Browley asked when they reached the river.
"Let's go down to the peninsula."  Priscilla suggested.
Chris remembered the last and only time he'd been to the peninsula.  It was a mixed emotion day when he thought he was losing Hanna forever and when he felt that she truly began looking at him with different eyes.  Eyes full of love.
"That sounds good to me."  he said giving Hanna a sideways glance.
They all reached the peninsula.  Mrs. Browley set up the blanket then sat down to knit as the sun warmed her face.  Mr. Browley sat down next to her with his pipe.
"Pa, let's go down a bit and see if we can catch something for supper.  I brought an extra pole."
"Alright."  Mr. Browley moaned as he rose again to his feet.  "It was nice to sit down for that three seconds."  he said with a wink to Mrs. Browley.  "Let's go, son."
"I'll set out the food in just a little while."  Mrs. Browley stated to Chris, Priscilla and Hanna.  "Priscilla, I wove that yarn you wanted for you know what for you know who.."  she stated with a wink.
"Maaa.."  Priscilla whined shushing her mother.  She ran over and took the spot that her father had just occupied, leaned over to her mother and whispered something.  Mrs. Browley looked over to Chris and Hanna, then nodded to Priscilla.
"Why don't you two go for a walk."  Mrs. Browley stated.  "Chris, you've never seen the woods.  Hanna, why don't you take him and show him our tree."  she smiled at Priscilla then returned to her knitting.
Hanna and Chris exchanged looks then headed up the river.  How perfectly that had worked out.
They reached the log stretched across the river and carefully crossed it.  Chris wobbled a bit but Hanna almost ran across like she'd done hundreds of times before.
The fallen, dried leaves crunched under their feet as they made it further and further into the woods.
Not being able to control himself any further, Chris grabbed Hanna's hand, whipped her around and embraced her, kissing her deeply.
Hanna accepted the advance but then pulled away.  "We cannot do this."  She exclaimed.
"Do what?"  Chris asked.
"It's not proper to even kiss me until you have asked my father's permission to court me."
Chris' stomach sank.  He'd not even contemplated having to talk to Mr. Browley about his feelings for his daughter.  Another thing he'd longed to be in the future for.  In 1998, you did not have to ask the father anything.  The decisions were made solely by the girl.
Chris gulped.  "Okay."  he simply said.
"The sooner the better."  she stated.  "Ma wanted me to show you our 'family tree', as we call it so let's head that way then you can go find pa."
She grabbed his hand and took him a little further into the woods.  Soon they came upon a hollowed out tree.  "This is it."  she said.
Chris looked at the tall, dead stump and shrugged.
"Ma likes to hide treasure here.  She used to tell us it was from the forest fairy, so we'd come out here to see what she left.  We're all too old to believe that now but she still hides things here every so often.  We all claimed it our tree, come look."
They rounded the tree and on the back side of it were the initials of the family at the height of how old they were when they were carved.  Only feet above the ground were the initials P.B., a little higher M.B., then H.B.  Up to eye level were the initials of Mr. and Mrs. Browley, R.B & G.B. in the middle of a carved out heart.
Chris imagined another heart engraved next to theirs.  A heart that cradled the new initials of C.S. and H.S.
"What are you thinking so deeply about?"  Hanna asked looking up at Chris' longing look.
"Nothing."  he said with a smile.  He gulped again.  "I guess I'd better go find your pa."  he said swallowing hard.
As they neared the peninsula, Hanna ran ahead to join her mother and sister as Chris kept trucking forward to find where Mr. Browley and Mason had decided to stop and try their luck with the salmon.
His heart began thumping erratically when he saw the two, sitting off in the distance talking and laughing.
'At least he's in a good mood.'  Chris thought.  'hopefully I don't change that.'
“Chris, you decided to join us.  We’ll have to share the poles since Mason, here, only brought two.”  
Chris swallowed hard trying to keep down his stomach.  “Uh, um actually sir, I was wondering if I could, um, speak with you.”  He glanced to Mason with apologetic eyes.  “in private?”
“Sure.  Mason, why don’t you go find out when it’s time to eat.  Tell ma we’ll be back in a little while.”
Mason hesitantly and with a frown packed up his fishing equipment and trudged up the river.
“Is something wrong?”  Mr. Browley asked.  “You’re not fixing to leave us, are you?”
“No.”  another gulp.  “Quite the opposite.  You see.. sir.. I um, well I want to, uh...”
“Whatever it is, it’s usually better to handle if you just push it out.  Say what you have to say.”  Mr. Browley said kindly but with some impatience.
“Sir, I love your daughter and I wanted to ask your permission to date, er.. court her.”  Chris clenched his eyes shut waiting for any reaction.  Whether it be yelling, screaming, a punch in the face.  He didn’t know what to expect.
“I will assume that you mean my eldest daughter?”  Was Mr. Browley’s first comment.
“Yeah.”  Chris answered surprised.
“How does she feel about you?”  was his next question.
“I know she has feelings for me.  She was the one who asked me to come speak with you.”  He said with hesitation in his voice.  How awkward it was to share his feelings with the father of the one he loved.  She was his daughter, his baby.  Chris had no idea what it felt like to be the father of a daughter but he could imagine that this was just as uncomfortable to Mr. Browley as it was for him.  That thought actually made Chris feel better.  It was up to Mr. Browley, though, and that made Chris sweat even though the breeze was growing chillier.
Mr. Browley took a deep breath and exhaled it sharply.  “Chris, I had my doubts about you when you first arrived.  You were challis and full of attitude.  You were a closed book with a strong wall around you.  Over time, however, I have seen you soften considerably and you’ve worked hard to earn your spot in this family.  As long as your intentions for my daughter are pure and you’re not playing games with her or this family then you have my blessing.”
Chris let out the breath he was holding.
“However...”  Mr. Browley added.
Chris sucked the breath back in.
“I would like to speak to Hanna and Mrs. Browley before my answer is carved in stone.”
“Absolutely.”  Chris responded.
“Now.. let’s go see if that food is ready, I’m starved.”  Mr. Browley got back up onto his feet.  He gave Chris a half smile and patted him on the shoulder, just as Chris had seen him do to Cale in the back yard, what seemed like months ago.
He couldn’t believe how smoothly that had gone.  He would never be in a hurry to do it again but compared to the scenario he had worked up into his mind, it was a piece of cake.  He wondered what he was so worried about in the first place, did he not know the Browley family?  They have always been understanding, patient and kind.  To put up with how Chris used to behave, they’d have to be.
Knowing that Hanna loved him and how fond Mrs. Browley was of him, he had no worries that a family wide blessing would be bestowed upon him and Hanna.
They were rounding another corner of the beginning of their lives, together.

Chapter 14

It didn't take long for the days to grow shorter and colder.  The darkness that took over most of the hours of the day made Mr. Browley panic with the lack of wood they had for the winter.  Even though Chris' box at the sod house was filled to the brim and the back porch was nearly stacked to the ceiling, he didn't seem to think it would be enough.
After the animals were tended, before it was even light out, Chris and Mr. Browley headed out to the forest with their saws and axes.  They had to go to the wooded area to the south, in between the Browley farm and the sod house which was a mere strip of trees, since the horses and wagon could not cross the river.
"One of these days, I'll have to build a bridge so we can utilize the woods behind the river."  Mr. Browley said.  "I've been saying that for years but can't seem to get to it."
"We could tackle that in the spring before the garden and fields have to be plowed."  Chris said, surprised with his own offer.
Mr. Browley looked just as surprised but then relaxed his face with a gentle nod.
All day, Chris' arms began to tire.  They throbbed and ached but he worked diligently until the wagon was, once again, full.
"That should fill up that back porch."  Chris stated, wiping his brow.
"I just worry that what we've collected may be too small to last long.  I have the fireplace and the stove to keep stocked all winter.  If we had more hands, we could tackle the larger trees and stumps but this will have to do."  Mr. Browley set his ax and saw in the wagon, in between the side and stack and slowly made his way to the high bench seat with a groan and extended exhale.
He giddy upped the Sam's and kept them moving slow over the bumpy un-kept ground being careful not to spill the load.  When the path smoothed out, he reached into his coat and pulled out a folded piece of paper.
"I wanted to give this to you."  Mr. Browley stated handing Chris the paper.
"What's this?"  Chris asked, hesitantly taking the small package.
"You've worked hard for us for six months now and even though the beginning was a mite rocky, we have all seen you progress into a self sufficient, hard working individual.  Everyone has taken a shine to you as I've seen you've taken a shine to us.  This is just us expressing the appreciation and pride we carry for you, son... I mean Chris.  Sorry, forgot you don't like to be called 'son'."
"You know what?  I don't mind it so much anymore."  Chris admitted.  He'd felt warm and accepted for some time whenever Mr. Browley had called him son, but finally decided that when it came from the right person, he actually liked it.  Just as when Hanna started calling him Christopher.  He had sworn to himself that nobody in this world was going to refer to him by that un loving, wretched word but for some reason, the way Hanna said it, he longed to hear it.  "Christopher."   It rang like a church bell.
Chris folded aside the upper corner of the paper Mr. Browley had handed him.  "Money?"  He said, astonished.
"Yep, and that's for you to do with what you please.  Whether you get some Christmas shopping done with it or you just save it for the future.  The missus and I wanted to know how proud we are of you."  Mr. Browley reached his hand over around Chris' shoulder and gave him a quick squeeze and pat, then returned his hand to the reins and said nothing more the rest of the way.
Chris could feel his eyes welling up and wanted to let them flow but could do no such thing in front of Mr. Browley.
He would not have changed this feeling for anything in the world.  He wondered, though. ‘How could everyone back in my time hate and despise me and leave me out to dry when everyone in this time has accepted me as is and has helped me change the things about me that I didn’t even like?’ 
What was the difference between his time and their time?  Hard work makes you sturdy and survival makes you strong inside but there had to be more.  ‘What’s the biggest difference between my family and the Browley family?’  Chris racked his brain.
“Thank you, sir.”  Chris managed to squeak out when the horses were stopped in front of the barn.
“It was our pleasure, son, may God bless you in all that you do.”
Chris’ brow popped up.  ‘That was it.  The biggest difference between then and now.  The presence of God.’  Chris wouldn’t have believed it if he’d not been living it.  The presence of God in people’s lives and in their homes, families and their hearts did impact what kind of world we lived in.  
Experiencing an existence full of grace, forgiveness and love, he had no desire anymore to live any other way.
Chris closed his eyes tight hoping to open them and see that this was not all a dream.  He slowly opened the left, then the right.  It was not a dream.  Hanna was still snuggled up to him on the small sofa.  An afghan that Mrs. Browley had just finished for the family draped over them as the fire in the fireplace waved and crackled.
Chris inhaled her sweet fragrance and gave her a tight squeeze.
“A chief event of life is the day in which we have encountered a mind that startled us.”  Hanna continued reading from one of her favorite Emerson poetry books.
‘If only she knew how true that was.’  Chris thought.  As though Hanna had read his thoughts, she marked her page with her finger and turned to Chris.
“What would you say was the most significant moment in your life?”
Chris thought hard.  Was it the moment his grandma died?  The moments with her when she was still alive?  The day his dad left or the moment he realized that he’d lost his mother?  Was it the day he met Joe-Z or the entire time he’d spent with the Coar City gang?  More likely it was his travel to this time and meeting Hanna.
“There are so many, but one of the countless things I’ve learned since I got here is that everything happens for a reason and I wouldn’t be who I am today without all of it.  Especially you, Hanna.”
She lovingly laid her head on his shoulder.
“What about you?”  he asked.
“Besides what just happened to Priscilla and thinking we were going to lose her?  I’d have to say our trip from the East.”  she answered with no hesitation.
“I’ve always been curious about that.  Priscilla has told me a little but what was the hardest part of the trip?”
Hanna exhaled sharply as if she was overworking her brain, trying to remember.  “The length of the trip was tough but you just never know what’s out there in the world until you’re staring it in the face.  It takes a long trip to allow you to truly appreciate it as well as fear it.”
“I know that all too well.”  Chris said under his breath.  Not quietly enough as Hanna turned to him with a puzzled expression.
“You’ve taken a life altering trip?”  she asked.
‘If you only knew!’ rang through Chris’ mind.  “I have, but it seemed easy to get to the destination.  It was everything after, that was a constant up hill battle.  Tell me something about what your family went through.”  He stated quickly trying to avert the attention back to Hanna.
“Oh, my... let me think.  I was pretty young but I do remember most of it.  Ma and pa met out East, they married and had me there.  Pa stayed on the family farm and helped his pa and brother with the work.  My pa’s brother, Charles never liked working the fields but did it because he wanted to please and help his family.  After my grandpa died, Charles decided to move to the city and took his ma with him.  It was the decision of my pa, then, to stay and farm the land or sell and see what else was out there.  He’ll never tell what led him to the decision he made but I’m sure it was God’s doing.  I truly believe that we were meant to come out here.”
“I feel that way too.”  Chris stated.  “I cannot imagine what I would be doing, now, if I hadn’t come here.”
“You still can’t remember how you got here?”  Hanna asked.
“No, I have no idea.  I woke up in that field next to the Pike farm and didn’t know where I was.  I thought, at first, that a mean trick had been played on me and that I was close to home but the further I went, the more I realized, I was no where near home.”
“Do you remember where you are from, now?”
“It was a large city.  I was used to the noise of the hustle bustle city life but since my trip to Shorlin, I’ve realized that I like the quiet country better.”
“I certainly do.”  she said.  To Chris’ relief, she focused on that part of the sentence rather than asking what city he’d come from.  He’d either have to make up a name or somehow convince her he didn’t remember the name.  He wanted desperately to tell her everything, where he’d come from, everything that has happened to him but the fear of losing her when he finally had won her heart was too much to risk.
“I remember the mountains.”  Hanna began after a few minutes of listening to the pop of the fire.  “They were beautiful but crossing over them, I would never wish upon anyone.  The wagon path zig-zagged up the mountain and back down the other side.  It was very steep and treacherous.   Pa almost lost control of the team on the way down.  Nervous about crashing off of the side, he made ma lift me out of the wagon and walk while he walked along side of the team.  It seemed like it took the whole day to trudge down that mountain.  It was then, though, that I was able to absorb the sights around me.  The mountains are magnificent creations and we thanked the Lord for them that night as well as praise for our safe crossing.”
“My grandma took me to see the mountains, once.  I was young, too.  I was terrified to look out of the car window and be staring straight down a cliff.  I felt better in the area’s that actually had guard rails.”
“A car?  You took a train into the mountains?  What’s a guard rail?”  Hanna asked, her reaction was of pure excitement and curiosity.
“Oh, um.. a car is what we drove where I come from.  It’s kind of like a wagon.”  Chris said, not knowing any other way to explain it without revealing himself.
“But you said it had windows.”
“It was like a wagon but it was a complete box, so it needed windows in order to see out.”
“That sounds neat.”  Hanna exclaimed sounding truly interested.  “I’ve never seen anything like that before.  And what’s a guard rail?”
“It’s sort of like a fence so you don’t fall over the side of the mountains.  I’ve never been East, so maybe it’s different in the mountains you went to.  So where did you guys stay at night?”  Chris rambled trying to get the focus back onto her.  One simple sentence threw him into a tailspin of explanations.  He’d have to be more careful what came out of his mouth.
“We camped.  We’d travel as long as there was daylight.  Pa would stop just before sunset, so ma would have enough time to get a fire going and supper cooking before darkness hit.  Some nights out there were the darkest I’d ever seen.  Every noise seemed to echo, scaring me.  I remember one night shaking under my blanket at the eerie howl of coyotes.  I didn’t sleep the entire night.  Pa would sleep by the fire but only with one eye closed and clutching his rifle so he could keep watch and protect his family.  Ma and I slept in the back of the wagon.  It was tight, though since we had it full of the supplies we needed for the trip.  Luckily, most of the food were in barrels hanging off each side.  If it weren’t for that, there’d be no room in the wagon at all.  It was an experience, I’ll tell ya.”  Hanna took a deep breath and forcefully blew it out.
They sat in silence, once again, listening to the fire and watching it cast shadows across the wall.  The flickering made every shadow dance.
Hanna snuggled closer to Chris to where no air could come between them.  She opened her book where her finger had marked the page and continued reading aloud:
"Broad are his shoulders, and strong,  And his eye is scornful,  Threatening, and young. I hold it of little matter,  Whether your jewel be of pure water, A rose diamond or a white,—  But whether it dazzle me with light. I care not how you are dressed,  In the coarsest, or in the best, Nor whether your name is base or brave,  Nor tor the fashion of your behavior,—But whether you charm me,  Bid my bread feed, and my fire warm me,  And dress up nature in your favor. One thing is forever good, That one thing is success,—  And to all the heavenly brood. Who bides at home, nor looks abroad,  Carries the eagles, and masters the sword."

* * * * *

"It's snowing!"  Priscilla excitedly bounded down the stairs one morning.
Chris had walked to the Browley farm and had just sat down with his first cup of coffee.  Black, as he now grew accustom to taking it.  "I smelled the snow on my way in.  I knew it was coming."  he said to her with a smile.
"I know I'm almost ten years old, but I can't help but want to go roll about in it."  Priscilla stated.  "I hope it sticks."
"We'll get plenty more before you know it."  Mrs. Browley said as she cut thin slices of bread, dipping them into egg and placing them into a scorching pan.  The room immediately filled with the fragrance as the saturated bread began to sizzle and crack.
"You men better get out and get the animals tended to, breakfast will be ready momentarily.  George, would you mind bringing in a jug of fresh milk for breakfast.  There's nothing like fresh, warm milk on a cold, snowy morning."  
Mr. Browley nodded with a flash of a grin, sucked down the remainder of his coffee and headed toward the door.  "Mason?  Let's get a move on."
Mason came trudging down the stairs not looking quite as chipper as Priscilla had, slipped on his boots and followed his father out the door.  
"The coffee is wonderful this morning, Mrs. Browley."  Chris stated raising to his feet.
"Thank you Chris, Mrs. Pike brought me some vanilla that she had purchased on her trip to Branson.  I perked the coffee with it.  I haven't had a cup yet but did take a sip of Mr. Browley's.  It wasn't bad, if I say so myself."  She replied with a grin.
He threw her an appreciative nod and headed out the door.  Even though he'd been in the warm house for only a moment, the cold air hit and shocked him as if he'd just crawled out of bed.  The bare fields in the distance were glittering with the early morning frost as the large, gentle snowflakes floated down from the sky.  
Chris had the urge to run around the yard trying to catch them on his tongue but thought better.  He remembered doing that as a child when he'd walk himself to school.  He never had a hat or mittens or even a warm coat, so he had to distract himself from the cold.  He recalled being relieved when he'd step foot into the school.  Not to go greet dozens of friends, not to show off his completed, well done homework to the teacher, not to scarf down a complete breakfast, but to simply get warm.  The warmth he remembered was not as he was experiencing in the Browley home, however.  The heat of his time was forced air from a furnace which sufficed, but the heat from stoves and fireplaces penetrated him to his bone and made him feel cozier than he'd ever felt.
He figured it was the different type of heat, but the cozy feeling he felt inside was deeper.  It came from the acceptance of a wonderful family, the love of an amazing young woman and the new person that seemed to daily emerge from himself.  The person that appreciated life, now and the person that seemed full of spirit, grace and hope.

Chapter 15

"Silent night, holy night, all is calm, all is bright..."  The congregation sang in wonderful peace and harmony.  Chris, for the first time, knew the hymn and didn't feel awkward being the only one not singing.
It was Christmas Eve and the entire town had come together to celebrate the birth of Christ.  
As he sang, Chris looked around to the people of the town.  The people in one way or another who have impacted his life.
The Browley family, first and foremost.  Ruth and George Browley who had stepped in to become the most loving parents.  Mason and Priscilla, the brother and sister he'd always dreamed of.  Hanna, of course, the love of his life and the only person he'd imagined spending eternity with.  
William and Rebecca Moyor, close friends who would drop anything they were doing to come to the aid of the family.  Louis Kinsley, although a little backward, the nicest man Chris had met in Coar.
He also spotted the school teacher, Ms. Elizabeth Rougen, who had been working assiduously getting Hanna prepared to take over the school house the next fall.  She seemed excited about her move to Minneapolis but everyone saw the pain in her eyes when she spoke of leaving the children of Coar.
He watched Tyler and Sarah Pike, still fairly young but childless, holding one another lovingly as they swayed to the carol.
Emma May Long who just took over the boardinghouse from her elderly aunt and uncle stood next to the Pike family.  She was young but not attractive.  Her gentle, loving spirit made her beautiful, however.
Margaret Johanson had miraculously healed from her broken hip and stood proudly next to her son, Edward, who had traveled from Chicago to spend Christmas with his mother.
Jonathon and Betty Edmund stood at the front pew with their son Cale.  Chris liked the Edmund family but still had daggers for Cale, who in turn, still had a few for Chris.  They had not spoken since their altercation at the harvest dance when Cale took Chris down in front of the whole town.  
“He’s the one that looks like the fool, then.  There’s no glory in revenge.”  Chris remembered Mr. Browley telling him several times after.
‘No matter.’  Chris thought as the congregation finished the song.  ‘It’s Christmas and I cannot wait to give Hanna her gift.’  the thought excited him but made him extremely nervous at the same time.
“Let us turn to the second chapter in Luke [10].”  Pastor Franklin Walling announced when everyone had taken their seats.
“I never tire of hearing this story.”  Hanna whispered thumbing through near the end of her Bible.
The pastor began reading the story of Jesus’ birth, the first Christmas.  “...but the angel said to them, “Do not be afraid.  I bring you good news of great joy that will be for all the people.  Today in the town of David, a Savior has been born to you; he is Christ the Lord.  This will be a sign to you:  You will find a baby wrapped in cloths and lying in a manger‘...”
The entire community listened intently as if they’d been hearing the story for the first time.  The soft glow of the lanterns as well as the Advent Candles on the front table, set the mood of peace upon everyone snuggled together in the pews.
After the story and a few words from the pastor, everyone rose to sing ‘Away in a Manger’ then said the last evening prayers.
“Glory to God in the highest and on Earth peace to men on whom His favor rests.”  Pastor Walling concluded.  “Go now, in peace.  Have a blessed and safe Christmas.”
With a slight mumble of people talking, everyone filed out of the pews, gathered their warm wraps, coats and hats and scattered out the door facing the wind, snow and cold.
Snug and warm back at the Browley house, the men sat by the fire chatting while the women worked eagerly in the kitchen to make preparations for Christmas dinner the next afternoon.
The parlor was illuminated with a dozen candles Mrs. Browley had purchased at the mercantile.  The tall but thin blue spruce pine tree stood strong in front of the window decorated with strung popcorn and pinecones, some dyed with the raspberry and blackberry juices they’d saved for just the occasion.
Chris gazed at the tree that he’d help cut down.  He recalled the day it was announced they were going to pick it out.
“It’s time to go cut down one more tree.”  Mr. Browley announced the week before Christmas. 
Chris cringed as he thought about the dozens of trees he’d just spent day after day hacking, sawing and loading into the wagon.  “I thought you said we had enough wood for the winter.”  he said trying not to sound too whiny.  
Priscilla giggled.  “He means our Christmas tree.”
“We get all bundled up and head out into the woods as a family every year to pick out the perfect tree.”  Mrs. Browley added.  “We’d like you to join us this year Chris.”
It always amazed Chris how effortless it was for this family to whole heartedly accept him as a true member of the family.  The feelings associated with their words never ceased within him, either.
Chris continued to stare at that tree that he sawed with Mr. Browley until it came crashing down to the ground.
He couldn't remember the last time he'd seen a Christmas tree that wasn't littered with twinkling lights and hundreds, thousands of strands of tinsel.  It was plain... simple... beautiful.
"George, could you come in here a moment?"  Mrs. Browley asked.
Chris didn't pay any attention when Mr. Browley got up and left the room.  He was still lost in thought about that tree.  The same one they dragged across the log over the river to the sleigh being held by the Sams.  Chris barely could cross that log himself let alone carrying a tree.  He almost got wet, that was certain.
"Chris?"  Mrs. Browley called from the kitchen.  Chris snapped out of his daydream and turned to her.
"We'd like you to stay the night so you don't have to spend Christmas Eve and Christmas morning alone at the sod.  The girls can bunk together just for tonight.  What do you say?"
“That sounds good.  Thank you.”  Chris exclaimed.
When the women finished in the kitchen, they joined the men in the parlor.  They snuggled up together by the warm, comfortable fire.
Mr. and Mrs. Browley sat in their rockers, Chris and Hanna sat snuggled, but not too close since her parents were right there and Priscilla and Mason wrapped themselves in quilts on the floor in front of the hearth. 
While working her knitting needles, Mrs. Browley began to hum Christmas Carols.  It was slow, soft and gentle but when Priscilla began singing the lyrics, the entire room erupted into song. 
This sort of activity would have normally sent Chris on a tailspin of embarrassment but as he joined in belting out the song, he felt natural and at home.  In the near eight months he’d been in this place, he’d gone from a hardened criminal boy to a diligently working soft hearted man.  He felt right and truly complete with that.   
He looked over to Hanna, gave her a warm smile and a squeeze from the arm that wrapped around her.  She smiled back at him, so beautiful and innocent.  She had no idea what was in store for her the next day.  Christmas day.
Chris laid in bed that night, eyes still wide.  He felt like a kid again anticipating Santa's arrival, only this time, he anticipated giving a gift rather than receiving it.  He had it all planned out and worried that he may not be able to pull it off.  His mind refused to shut off especially knowing that Hanna was right next door to him.  He wanted nothing more than to go fetch her and bring her back to his bed to hold her the whole night through.   He knew what her response would be and he knew what Mr. Browley's reaction would be, so it wasn't worth it to even try.  He had a lot riding on tomorrow and he'd be foolish to mess it up before hand.
"Merry Christmas, Chris, my darling."  came a voice and a gentle stroke to his forehead.  Chris startled awake after not realizing he'd fallen asleep.  He eagerly looked around the room trying to take a moment to see where he was. 
"Grandma?"  he called.  "I know you were here, I heard and felt you."
He took another scan around the empty room.  Another visit from his grandma?  How could this keep happening?  He'd never heard from her so much in the future, but had he given himself enough time to listen?
His forehead was still tingling and warm from her touch.  Chris smiled.  In a situation he'd normally break down into a sea of tears, he felt happy.  He realized that the visits from his grandma were a blessing and a way to keep him close to her.  She was never going to live on this Earth with Chris again so he would take every voice and every touch from her that he could until he saw her again in Heaven.  Heaven, something Chris never thought much about.  What if he'd stayed on the path of destruction, would he have made it into Heaven?  Can he still, now, after all he'd done?  
"Forgive me Father for all that I have done, for all the crimes I committed, for all the people that I've hurt.  Forgive me for straying off of your path and rebelling against you when you tried to straighten it for me.  I am weak without you Lord.  Please bestow your strength upon me to complete the work you've given me and do it with a calm, gentle heart.  Your blessings since my travel here have been overwhelming but have shown me you, God.  I thank you for those blessings and all you've done for me.  In Jesus name.  Amen."
Chris fell back onto his pillow as if the prayer took the last bit of his strength.  He didn't feel tired though, he felt free.  He felt as though a boulder had been removed from his shoulders and he was, once again, able to move on his own.  The movements, however, were different.  They were honest and full of the glory of God.

* * * * *

"Merry Christmas everyone!"  Mrs. Browley stated cheerfully the next morning when the entire family was dressed, downstairs and gathered around the table.  She brought the coffee over and generously poured a cup for Mr. Browley, Chris and Hanna.  Mason even began drinking a half cup in the morning.  She spread out a beautiful display of eggs, bacon, sausage and cinnamon bread, fresh from the oven.
“The Lord has blessed us, indeed.”  she stated as she took her seat.  Chris smiled to himself remembering his realization the night before.  He knew it was true.
“Who would like to say the blessing?  Priscilla, Mason, Hanna?”  Mrs. Browley looked around the table bypassing Chris.
“I’ll do it.”  Chris stammered out.  Mrs. Browley’s eyes widened for only a split second as they met Mr. Browley’s.  They instantly softened into a soft smile as she nodded for him to go on.
Chris bowed his head, closed his eyes and said a quick, silent prayer for God to guide the words from his mouth.  He’d never prayed out loud in front of other people in his entire life.  These weren’t just any people, they were his family which made Chris relax and tense up all at the same time.  He felt accepted and loved no matter what but still felt the need to impress them and show them who he really was.  
‘I need the words, Lord.’  he repeated in his head while opening his mouth to speak.
“Our dear Heavenly Father.  We thank you for this lovely morning on the day your son was born, the son you brought here to Earth to save us from our sins.  We are truly thankful for you, for Him and for everything you have blessed us all with.  We thank you for this meal and for the opportunity that we all can be here together to enjoy it.  Lord...”  Chris paused.  “I want to thank you for sending me here.  Without this family’s love and acceptance I would not be sitting here, the man I am today.  Please continue to give their hearts the glory and strength that I know you bestow upon them.  Bless them every day in everyway you see fit for them to continue to help me through my transition and to continue to work your miracles.  In Jesus name.  Amen.”
Chris allowed his head to stay bowed for a moment after the prayer.  God had certainly helped with that prayer but Chris knew it was not spoken for him.  He meant every word.  The thought still surprised him that he had done such a thing but knew he wouldn’t have been able to without the grace that was being sprinkled onto him from above.  
Chris finally looked up to see Mrs. Browley wiping away tears with her apron.  Mason and Priscilla were open mouthed but with a slight smile and Hanna’s face, oh Hanna’s beautiful face shone at him gleaming with pride.
“That was truly touching, son.”  Mr. Browley stated, patting Chris on the shoulder.  “I can speak for all of us when we say that we feel blessed to have you with us and that you did stumble onto our path.  It’s been a journey but it’s been worth it to see you transition into the man you are today.  It is God’s work, surely.”
Everyone spent a moment looking around at each other as if silently thanking God for each and every one.
“Well, breakfast looks wonderful, we may as well enjoy it while it’s hot.”  Mr. Browley finally said.
After breakfast was consumed and cleaned up, the family gathered in the parlor and around the tree.  The glimmering light flowing into the front window made the tree illuminate and almost sparkle.  The window was covered with millions of patterns from the frost that gave a beautiful display.  It had snowed a bit throughout the night, so the world they saw out that frosty window was fresh, white and pure.  Spits of snowflakes still lingered in the air but the sun fought the clouds making it’s presence known in small spurts.  When it did emerge, it shone with all of its might onto the fresh snow making it twinkle like thousands and thousands of glorious diamonds.
‘What splendor!’  Chris thought.  ‘Have I been blind for nineteen years to not have seen such glory?’
Under the tree were many packages.  They were all wrapped in the same brown paper, tied with twine.  Mr. Browley gave Priscilla the new shawl that he’d picked up in Shorlin.  Mason, a new hunting knife.  Hanna squealed with joy when she opened the new hair clips from her father.  Mr. Browley waited until last to give his wife the beautiful cream and burgundy broach he’d carefully and lovingly picked out for her.  Another tear escaped her eyes.  “I declare, you boys are going to dry me up today.”  she said with a sniffle. 
Chris had earlier collaborated with Mr. Browley and purchased a small leather pouch for Mason’s new knife.  He got Priscilla a drawing tablet with some charcoal pencils and Mrs. Browley a new set of shiny knitting needles.  He had also picked up some brand new work gloves for Mr. Browley.
“You noticed mine were getting mighty worn.  I was going to go pick some up next week.  This is greatly appreciated, Chris.  Thank you.”  He stated.
After Mrs. Browley received her new rolls of fabric and had given everyone their new Sunday sweaters she’d lovingly made throughout the year, they all sat back and took it all in.  The gift of giving rather than receiving.
“I’d love to sit here all day and relax but we have some animals to tend to, Mason.”  Mr. Browley stated.  
“Priscilla, we have a lot of preparation work, still left in the kitchen for our dinner today.  Why don’t we all get moving before we fall into a late morning nap.”  Mrs. Browley said taking two tries to get out of her rocking chair.
“Chris and Hanna.  Why don’t you two take in the glory of the day and go for a walk.”  Mr. Browley said with a wink and a quick glance to the missus who was trying to hide an enormous smile.
“Well, that’s not fair that we have to work and they get to go for a walk.”  Mason complained.
“Son, silence yourself.  We do our work with a happy heart, don’t we?”
“Yes, sir.”  Mason responded with shame in his voice.
Hanna looked around the room, baffled but did not ask any questions.  She got up and slipped on her snow boots and heavy shawl.  She tied the knitted hat under her chin being careful that it covered her ears.
When Chris was bundled up, they made their way out the door.
“What was that all about?”  she finally asked when they were in the field.  Some stalks of wheat still stood above the snow that crunched under their feet.
“They must have read my mind that I wanted to be alone with you.”  Chris stated grabbing her icy hand.
“Christopher.”  she said with a doubtful look.
Snow lined the log that spread across the river.  Chris tried not to show his nerves as he was getting better at crossing the log but was unsure of how he’d handle it with a slippery substance resting on top.  Falling into the river would be dangerous, now, rather than just an inconvenience.  He worried for Hanna’s safety as well but as always, she crossed it like a pro.
“I did want to be alone with you, Hanna.”  Chris said, swinging her around.  “I wanted to tell you how much I love you and how much I want to spend the rest of my life with you.  I’ve never felt so strongly about anyone or anything for that matter as I do for you.”
“Oh, Christopher.”  she said with moistened eyes.
“I didn’t want you to be disappointed that I didn’t get you anything for Christmas but the reason I didn’t...”
“Oh, Chris, it doesn’t matter.”  Hanna cut in.
“The reason I didn’t...”  he continued.  “was because I knew your gift would be brought to you by the forest fairy.”
He waited for her reaction which seemed instantaneous.   Her head whipped to the left toward the woods.  A smile crept across her face.  She lifted the bottom of her dress and began bounding into the woods like a delicate deer.
She approached the ‘family tree’ and looked inside the hollow stump.  Inside was a small box that was tied with pink ribbon.
“May I?”  Chris asked reaching for the box.
Hanna nodded not being able to control her tears for much longer.  When Chris bent down to retrieve the box, he stayed down on his knee raising the other to brace himself.
“Hanna Browley, you have touched my life more than I ever could have imagined.  I have loved you since the first day I laid my weary eyes upon you.  You have changed me into the man I am and the man I’ve always longed to be.  It would be nothing but a divine privilege if you’d do me the honor of becoming my wife.” 
The words flowed out as naturally as could be as he held up the box to Hanna.  Her trembling fingers untied the pink bow and lifted the lid.  Inside, resting on a square of cotton was a very small but beautiful shimmering engagement ring.
“Christopher.”  she said through a wall of tears.  Chris rose up to her, inches from her face.  “I love you too and it would be my honor to become your wife.  But...”
Chris’ smile slowly faded.  She just stated that she loved him so what could possibly be the problem?
“I cannot accept this until you’ve spoken to my pa.”  she stated with worry spread across her face.
“I’m sure he’d be perfectly fine with it, your ma too.”  Chris said, returning to his full faced grin.
“How could you possibly know that?”  she asked.
“Because that’s what they told me when I talked to them last week.”  Chris stated with a sly voice.
Hanna’s eyes snapped up to Chris’.  “You already talked with both ma and pa?  They said yes?  We have their blessing?”
Chris nodded.  He took the ring from the box and held her left hand ready to place the ring on her finger.  “Is that a yes, then?”  he asked her.
“Yes, yes, a thousand times, yes.”  she replied, her entire face now stained with tears.  
Chris slipped the ring on her finger, a perfect fit, then embraced his fiancé, lifting her off her feet and twirling her around.
All those years Chris spent Christmas alone in an undecorated, treeless, gift-less apartment with nothing but ‘It’s a Wonderful Life’ on a small screened, black and white television seemed to melt away.  Christmas now had a new meaning to Chris.  Not only had he truly realized what the holiday meant with great thanks to the Lord.  Learning that it felt better to give rather than receive but now would be filled with joyous memories of when he proposed to the girl of his dreams.  The woman he planned to keep by his side to always care for her, always love and cherish her.  To spend eternity with someone who truly loved him too and had helped him realize that the person he’d always wanted to be was within him the whole time.

Chapter 16

The chill of the January air could be heard as it howled past Chris' tiny, dugout hut.  It rattled the window and shook the door.  Chris sat at his small table waiting for his coffee to be ready, it seemed to be taking longer than usual.
No matter to him, however, since he was lost in thought.  It had almost been a month since he'd proposed to Hanna and the strong feelings he had for her seemed to consume him.  How could his life had changed so drastically in just nine months.  The thought of how easy it struck him every time it crossed through his brain.  All he needed was a new environment with genuine people to show him love and give him the tools and drive to discover who he could be and who he wanted to be.
Chris felt foolish for all the times he fought to get back to 1998.  What was there for him?  Friends and family?  A good, honest job and living?
A chill swept over him with that thought because he would never, in a million years, ever want to go back to that old life.  His life was here, in 1868.. well, now 1869.  He was home.
Another chill ran over Chris even after he'd snapped out of his gaze.  He reached over and tapped his coffee pot, faster then slower until he was gripping the whole thing.  Cold.  
"No wonder I'm chilled, the stinkin' fire is out!"  Chris said aloud.  He had just wanted to make a bit of coffee and sit back until he was picked up for church by the Browley family.
When Chris opened the door, it blew out of his hand and swung open with a bang.  He had to fight it to get it closed again behind him.  He wondered why he’d not brought more wood in from his box to be ready for such a situation.  The answer to that question made Chris’ stomach drop.  The box was empty.
The Browley’s were not to arrive for another two hours, so it would have been simple for Chris to trudge to their house and have Mr. Browley haul over another load of wood.  Chris felt uneasy about that plan.  How would it look to his future father in law if he cannot even keep his own wood box full?  How would that make him feel about Chris’ ability to care for his daughter once they were married?
Chris also remembered Mr. Browley’s comments and concerns about not having enough wood to get through the entire winter.  How could Chris go and take from their supply putting their entire family in jeopardy?
Chris went back into the sod house, dragged his tool belt out from under the bed, grabbed a piece of linen that lay neatly folded on the chair and put on his heaviest clothing and boots and headed out the door.  The sun was shining but there was a dark, snow cloud coming in from the West.  It didn’t appear to be moving too quickly so no worries crossed Chris’ mind.
He headed East to the tree line.  He’d hoped to at least get enough to fill the linen so that he could drag it home.  He could always get more later.  He hoped that Mrs. Browley would not be angry with him for messing up her hard work in washing these linens but he hoped more that Mr. Browley would be proud and impressed with him for his independent and responsible decision to care for himself.
The wind seemed to blow Chris forward.  It was easy to move since it was on his back, almost pushing him to take each step.  On the way back, however, dragging a heavy sheet of wood, he would be going against the wind.
He shook off that thought and moved on.  He only had a little while left before the family was going to pick him up and he wanted to be back and ready to go. 
His first priority, once he reached the woods was to collect any logs he could find already on the ground.  It seemed to be plentiful what he could find sticking up out of the snow and old leaves.  His sheet was actually quite full but Chris decided to get a bit more.  He took out his ax and began chopping and tearing down small to medium sized saplings that were already dead and dried out.  Without kindling, starting a fire is near impossible.
As his pile grew, Chris kept thinking that he had enough but just wanted a little more.  As the wind picked up and snow flakes began to fly, he decided to head back home.
He walked with one more armload to the pile waiting for him on top of the sheet just on the edge of the tree line.  He dropped the last load down, going around picking up what had slipped off the top.  He picked up the two front corners of the sheet and began to drag it across the field. 
It was heavier than he’d expected.  His grunts and moans howled out as he continued dragging, turning himself around from the wind and lugging the load backwards.
The snow began flying harder and heavier.  Chris looked behind him to see if he could see the outhouse behind the sod.  It took several blinks to get snowflakes from his eyes in order for him to focus.  Instead of seeing the outhouse in the distance, he saw a wall of white.  The snow became heavier and flew sideways with rage.  Chris knew he wouldn’t make it back home before it hit as it seemed the storm was already over his house.  With quick motion, he began unloading the large pieces to lighten the sheet.  He didn’t want to unload too much because now he didn’t know how long the storm would last and he may be stranded in his dugout for days.  He needed at least two days worth, he figured.
Lightening the load didn’t seem to help as the wind pushed Chris to his knees.  He had to make the decision if he wanted wood and no shelter or shelter with no wood.  If he was in his home, he’d be cold but protected from the wind, fury and snow.
Still on his knees, he decided to try to head back to the soddy without the wood.  His struggle to stay on his feet seemed too hard to handle.  Chris looked to what he thought was the West but he didn’t even know which way was up, anymore.  He was surrounded by white, nothing but white.  Above him, below him and every direction around him.  If he ventured into the direction he thought home was, he wasn’t sure if it was the correct one.  
The whipping snowflakes stung his already numb face, his fingertips began to burn and no longer could function.  The only option left was to try to find any sort of shelter and try to ride this storm out.
Chris looked around again.  White, nothing but white.  The only faded thing he could see was the wood piled onto the sheet.  The sheet!  It was Chris’ only hope.  He took what was left of his strength and hand function and began pushing and kicking the pile off of the sheet.  He ran around each edge of the now dirty and wet rag, putting the thickest logs around three of the edges.  Grabbing one more large log, he climbed underneath the open side, pulling the edge in with him and securing it with the log.  
The wind howled above, the raging snow penetrated his shelter.  Chris had a hard time controlling his shivers as his body shook trying to regain any warmth.  The sheet flipped and rippled out of control above him as Chris prayed for the logs to remain where he’d placed them.
“Lord..”  Chris screamed through the intense roar.  “I need you to protect me.  Please keep my shelter in tact, calm the winds so that I can make it home.  Keep my body whole and warm.  I need you Lord, please hear this prayer!”
All went silent but the storm had not ceased.
Chris stumbled back into consciousness feeling warm and comfortable.  Had he not made it through the storm?  Was this Heaven?  Had he dreamed of the storm and he was still in his own bed?
Just then a beautiful, angel-like voice filled his ears.  “Christopher?”
He pried his eyes open to see that he was in a familiar bed, in a familiar room with a familiar face staring at him.  “Hanna?”  he barely squeaked out.  
“Shh, save your strength.”  She lovingly stroked his hair back.  “I’ve been so scared that I was going to lose you.”  she stated with tears choking her words.
“What happened?”
“We all just assumed that when the storm hit, you’d stay home and ride it out.  When it calmed down, pa went to check on you and you were gone.  It took half the day to find you.  When pa found the sod house cold and the wood box empty, he headed toward the woods.  That’s when he found the sheet and wood with you underneath.  Oh, Chris... you were barely alive.  If pa hadn’t found you when he did...”  Hanna began crying again.  
Chris tried to free a hand from the blanket to comfort his fiancé, but didn’t have the strength to lift even one finger.
With his strained attempt, he felt his chest tighten and clog as he began choking and coughing.  It was forced out of him without any effort.
Hanna stood and grabbed a glass of water from the bedside table, lifted Chris’ head and touched the glass to his lips.  Chris spit and sputtered on the cool liquid the moment it touched his throat.
A knock sounded on the door as it opened.  Chris had laid back and closed his eyes.  “How’s he doing?  I heard him coughing.”  a vaguely familiar voice said.
“He’s still very weak and has been coughing but the fever seems to have gone down, Doctor.”  Hanna whispered.
Chris felt a cool hand touch his forehead and tried to open his eyes but couldn’t quite make it past a tiny slit.  Through his fuzzy vision, he recognized the doctor that had stayed with them taking care of Priscilla the September before.
“How are you feeling, Chris?”  Dr. James Blake asked in a low tone.
“tired..”  Chris attempted to say but it only came out as a light, drawn out breath.
“You get some rest then.  I’ll be back up in a little while, Hanna.  You may stay if you wish but make sure he gets plenty of rest.  Do not attempt to converse with him or keep him awake.”
“Yes, doctor.”  she replied.
Chris woke up again with the sensation that his neck and head were on fire.  The heat radiated from the top of his head down to his legs but his feet felt ice cold.  His legs felt twisted and wretched with pain.  He wanted to stretch them out and pull them up to him at the same time.  Either movement was impossible, for the weakness inside and out had taken him over.
Even through the intense heat that radiated from him, Chris was consumed with uncontrollable shivers.  His body seized up with every shake as he placed his tongue in between his chattering teeth stopping them from banging together.
"Doctor!"  he heard a faint shout but it sounded as if it was a mile away being yelled through a tunnel.
The next thing he knew, he was being surrounded by several people.  "Get the covers off of his feet and start rubbing them.  We need to get the fever down from his head.  Ruth, go get some pots full of snow, it won't last long on his burning body but it will help."
Without even realizing the time lapse, he felt a cold sensation on his neck, armpits and groin.  The snow melted and seemed to even evaporate the moment it touched his body.
The doctor flung off Chris' blanket and crumpled up the sheet in his hand, reaching it out to Mrs. Browley.  "Soak this with water and bring it back up immediately, if you have one extra sheet, soak that one too so that we can switch them when needed."
Chris could feel hands vigorously rubbing his feet.  He could tell they were small, soft hands but they felt like they were covered in tiny needles as the motions prickled and stung.
One right after another, a cold wet sheet was placed over his shivering but burning body.  He felt more miserable than when he’d first woken up.   He wanted everyone to just leave him alone.  Another coughing attack took over his body, seizing it up.  No matter how hard he coughed, nothing seemed to extract from his lungs.  
This was worse than the tornado.  That storm had left him physically harmed but whatever possessed him now was inside and twisting the life out of every organ in his body.  
‘Lord, I can’t handle this anymore, take me home!’  Chris thought but then immediately regretted even allowing it to pass through his mind.  He had something now.  He had a home, he had a family, he had his own two hands to work not only for God but for himself, for survival and for the one he truly loved.  Hanna.
“Hanna?”  He said aloud as he thought it.  It came out as a tiny whisper but she heard for she was by his side.
“Christopher.”  she said, the sound of sobbing apparent in her voice.  “Just try to relax.  I’m here, I’m not going anywhere.”
Christopher.  The name was so sweet.  How could he ever have imagined that he would long to hear the word.  The word so full of caring and adoration.  He knew he had something to live for.  His newfound mother and father, his brother and sister, all of the friends he had made in Coar.  His future wife who he wanted to start a family with, to start a life with and to finish his life with.  How could he do that if he was wishing to die now?
‘Lord, I’m sorry for wanting my life to end, now.  Please spare me so that I may live out the rest of my life for you, serving you and all the others that I have grown to love and cherish here.’
Chris felt a rush go through him.  It was almost electrifying, pulsating and surging through his body, from his head down to his feet.  It was not painful or shocking but energizing.  He was being given the strength to fight out these demons.  He was, now, ready to fight.

The pale morning light danced across Chris’ face.  It warmed his soul as much as it did his body.  He fought open his eyes and struggled to focus them to remember where he was.  The room was glowing a soft pink and the windows were encrusted with thick frost.  He was in Hanna’s room.  Everyone was gone, the family, the doctor, Hanna.  “Hanna?“  He called out so softly that he wondered if he’d even said it out loud.  He then realized that it did not take as much effort as from before.  Another look around, he observed the sheets and snow and pain were gone, as well.  He still felt weak but was able to move his hands and his feet which now felt snuggly warm under the quilt.  He was not burning or shivering or shaking or sweating.  He felt tired but okay.
His insides were drained and he could tell he hadn’t had sufficient food or water for days.  Maybe just something to eat or drink and he could be on his feet again.
His mind and soul felt completely energized, however, like he wanted to jump out of the bed and run around the house.  He was so thankful that the pain and agonizing fever and the coughing were gone.
“Thank you, God!”  Chris said louder than anticipated as he felt his strength flooding back into his worn and tattered body.  He didn’t care how loud he said it, however.  He was thankful that his Lord had gotten him through this ordeal.  He was glad that God had not taken his life like he’d originally asked for.  He knew from his grandma, from the Browley’s and from the church of Coar that God takes you when He wants you, when He feels you’ve completed the work He’s given you on this Earth.  Chris knew he could have begged and pleaded with God, all he wanted, to die but if God wasn’t ready for Chris to come home, He wasn’t going to take him.
Chris looked up to the ceiling and with his heart, looked through it to the Heavens.  He closed his eyes and gave a small nod.  Another thank you to God that he did not have to say out loud.  God heard him for He was now in Chris’ heart.

Chapter 17

The snow ceased to fall so hard and the days got slightly warmer.  
“It’s not over yet.”  Mrs. Browley announced from the stove as if reading Chris’ mind.  “March is like this, it likes to tease us with the thoughts of spring but we’ll get dumped on again.  I can almost guarantee it.”
Chris smiled at her knowing exactly what she was talking about.  He was accustomed to the weather patterns of Coar, after all, he’d lived his entire life here.  They’ve gotten snow in late May before when in other years, that same day was 85 degrees.  It just never could be predicted.  It was learned to always expect the unexpected.
It had been two months since the blizzard and Chris was finally completely back to himself.  His strength returned at a snails pace and Chris understood what Priscilla had gone through going stir crazy in bed.
Hanna began to cling to him desperately with the fear of losing him.  "I've almost lost you twice, once before I even knew how much I loved you."  she repeated to him on several occasions.  "I know the Lord was with you and if it was His will to take you..."  She never seemed to be able to finish the sentence.  She only allowed the words to linger and float off into space.
The words from his love devastated Chris as he remembered briefly begging God to take him.  He couldn't bear to watch her heart crumble, so he kept that prayer a secret.  God had a plan for him and it was apparent that Chris still had work to do.
It was weeks after the storm that Chris was informed by the family that he had been down and mostly unconscious for almost two weeks and it had been explained by the doctor that he had been suffering from pneumonia.  “A case this severe would kill even a young and healthy person.  You’re a strong lad, Chris.  Someone up there must like you.”  he recalled the doctor saying to him the day he headed back to Shorlin. 
Chris did feel blessed.  He struggled with many thoughts, however, of why.  He felt he knew why he’d been struck down by the tornado.  To get his attention.  It worked, it got Chris’ attention but he felt he was doing so well.  Why the blizzard?  Was it just bad timing?  Did God want to tell him that he was still dependant and should have sought help from the Browley’s instead?
Another thought chilled him to his toes.  Maybe it wasn’t God after all.  The fact that he’d been growing closer to his creator and working diligently on improving his environment and himself, this could have been an attack from the enemy.
The fact that God got him through the ordeal steered Chris away from thinking that He had anything to do with creating the occurrence.  Chris was attacked and God had saved him, he remembered knowing God was with him.  He felt the sheet was not a piece of cloth that protected him but it was Christ himself laying over him whispering ‘I will not leave you.’  His prayer was answered when Mr. Browley had come looking for him.  If the family assumed that he had stayed at home, why come looking?  The Lord had sent him.  
“I pushed down the feeling of having to come after you.”  Mr. Browley stated one evening after.  “I fought in my head whether it was even necessary but then realized that it wasn’t a fight within myself, I was fighting the word of God.  If I had waited only an hour longer, I may not be telling you this today.”
Chris felt like he wanted to stick out his tongue and gloat to the devil for trying his hardest for no reason.   Chris didn’t dare.  He wasn’t sure if that was what had happened and knew he never completely would but a prideful feeling consumed him knowing that the Almighty was on his side and he had conquered all.
Chris’ thoughts snapped back into reality when he felt soft, tender arms reach around him from behind.  Hanna gave him a big squeeze as Chris gently grazed his lips across her hand.  She glided around him and took a seat next to him.  A soft but gleaming smile spread on her face lighting up her eyes as she gazed at Chris lovingly.
“So, less than two months until the big day, you two.”  Mrs. Browley proudly stated.
“Speaking of which..”  came a voice from the doorway behind them.  “I’d like to speak with all of you in the parlor if you don’t mind.”  Mr. Browley announced.
Nervously, Chris slowly rose to his feet, pushed in his dining chair and took Hanna’s hand as they walked into the parlor.
Mrs. Browley came up behind them drying her hands on her apron, taking her spot in one of the two rocking chairs.  Mr. Browley took his rocking chair as Hanna and Chris sat side by side on the sofa.
“Do you know what this is all about?”  Chris whispered to Hanna who only shook her head, no.
“Sooo,”  Mr. Browley began with a sharp exhale.  “I know you two are making wedding plans, your ma, here has told me some of the things you’d worked on with her.  I sat you two down today because I’d like to know what the plans are for where you both are going to live and how you’re going to make your living, son.”
Chris looked at Hanna with wide eyes seeing that she was returning the expression.  
“I want to be a farmer.”  Chris stated.  “I guess I hadn’t thought about my own land.  I have nothing to buy outright with.”
“Well, you certainly cannot stay here forever.  When you two are married, it’s time to fly the coop.”  Mrs. Browley added.
Chris and Hanna fell silent.
“That’s what I figured.”  Mr. Browley said with a smile.  “The missus and I have been talking and we would like to give you your wedding gift early.  The property that the sod house sits on, the entire lot I bought from Mr. Horton, we’d like to give to you.  Chris, you have worked so hard for us and have overly paid your dues, I’d like to offer the supplies you need to build a house.  Mr. and Mrs. Moyor have also graciously offered supplies for a barn as a wedding gift and at our last town meeting, almost every hand went up for volunteers for labor.  It seems you’ve made a name for yourself in this town and it is a good name.”
Chris’ eyes welled up a bit hearing about this immense generosity, not only from the Browleys but from the entire town.  He could hear the pride ringing out of Mr. Browley’s voice and it touched him deeply.
Hanna jumped a little in her seat as she squeezed Chris’ hand.
“Sir, I... uh, I don’t know what to say.”
“Say, thank you, son.  You’ve earned it and there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for my little girl.  Now it is your responsibility to furnish your own team and seeds.  Mr. Moyor will extend you credit to pay for them with your first harvest.  You just make sure you’re a man of your word or you will forever lose your credibility in this town.”
“Yes, sir.  Thank you.”  Chris said with a smile.
“and I can help making stuff for the inside.”  Priscilla shrieked as she bounced into the room.
“Young lady, it is not polite to eavesdrop.  Now, go on back upstairs.” 
“Yes, ma’am.”  Priscilla said, hanging her head down and turning toward the steps.  Her quick and rambunctious ascend, however, announced that she was still as excited.
“One last bit of business.”  Mr. Browley stated, turning back to the young couple.  “With gardens and crops going in, the town preparing their land and just the hustle and bustle of the spring, I was thinking that the wedding should be postponed a month or two.  It wouldn’t be fair to the people to ask so much of them.”
Both Hanna and Chris looked at one another shaking their heads.  
“This date is significant, pa.”  Hanna exclaimed.
“It really is, sir.  It is significant to me especially.”
“How so?”  Mrs. Browley asked.
“It’s the one year anniversary of my arrival here.”  Chris began.  “The day I arrived here did not seem significant then and I was actually very angry and bitter about being here but everything that has happened since has been a calling from God, a true blessing and I would, now, not have it any other way.  I would not be the person I am right now without my mysterious travel here and I thank God for it everyday.  It just seemed appropriate to marry the one I love on that same day.  The significant day of the end of one chapter and the beginning of the rest of my life.”  Chris grabbed Hanna’s hand and smiled softly at her.
“A significant day, indeed.”  Mrs. Browley said, wiping the corner of her eyes with her apron.
“I will see what I can do, then.”  Mr. Browley stated.  “We’ll have to begin the house and barn at the first sign of the spring thaw.”

"It seems we have a mass of birthdays coming up."  Mr. Browley stated at supper the next night.
Priscilla began hopping in her seat.  "Mine is first."  she squealed. 
"You have one coming up also, don't you Chris?  In May?"  Mrs. Browley asked.
"The 1st."  he replied with a nod.
"You will certainly be included in our celebration, then.  It works out wonderfully that you fall into the area of the children's birthdays for we combine the three and have one big party.  Priscilla's and Mason's birthdays are only eleven days apart, March 28th and April 8th, then a few weeks later on April 23rd is Hanna's."
Chris glanced over and smiled at Hanna.  They had already told one another when their birthdays were and Chris remembered hers since it was only about a week prior to his.
"How are we going to plan the celebration this year, George?"
"You're right, we normally have the party the first week of May but with the wedding that week, it would be too much for us and the town."  Mr. Browley scratched his chin.
"We'll figure something out.  It's not usual to have so many things going on, on top of the normal spring preparation work.  It's all such grand happenings, though, it needs to be tended to with happiness and full of thankfulness."  Mrs. Browley stated.
"Ma?"  Priscilla hesitantly spoke.  "Instead of a large birthday celebration, why don't we just have our closest friends over for supper and a grand cake for us all.  I mean if that's ok with you, Mason and Hanna.  Chris, you too."
Mrs. Browley threw her husband an impressed look.
"That sounds like a wonderful idea, Priscilla."  Mr. Browley stated.  "Mason, Hanna, Chris?"
"That sounds good to me."  Hanna replied.
"I wasn't expecting any sort of celebration, so a dinner would be fine."  Chris answered.
Mason, however, looked a bit disappointed.  He looked around the table to see all eyes on him then drew in a deep breath.  "Can we have a layered cake?"  He asked his ma.
"Of course."  she said with a smile.
"Okay, then."  Mason smiled.
"It's settled.  The sooner, the better."  Mr. Browley stated in a positive roar.

* * * * *

Two weeks later, the family sat down with their guests around the cramped table.  Each of them had brought the chairs down from their bedrooms and arranged them the best they could.  Some having to sit at each corner.  Mason invited his friend, James and Priscilla asked her friend from school, Sophie to join them for dinner.  Mrs. Browley invited the Moyors to join them as well.
"I asked Ms. Rougen if she would like to come for supper.  She was going to see if she could make it."  Hanna told her mother as they prepared the meal.  "It's funny how I see her differently than just a teacher since I've spent so much time working with her.  It makes it even sadder that she's leaving us this summer."
"That's why it is important to know people on the inside."  Mrs. Browley answered.  "I hope she finds the time to come."
A soft knock sounded on the front door as the family was settling down for the prayer.
"I'll get it."  Hanna jumped up.  She opened the door to find Ms. Elizabeth Rougen struggling with several packages.  
"I'm sorry I'm late, I had to finish up some paperwork and then pick these up."  Ms. Rougen explained allowing Hanna to take some of her load.
"What's all of this?"  Mrs. Browley asked jumping up from her seat to help.
"Oh, just some gifts for the children."  
"You didn't have to do that, Elizabeth."  Mrs. Browley stated.
"It's not much, Ruth, they are some of my personal things that I wanted them to have anyway.  I want to leave a small piece of myself here so that I am remembered.  I'm going to miss the children terribly."  Ms. Rougen explained as her eyes slightly welled up.
"That was very thoughtful of you."  Mr. Browley smiled at her.  "We saved a place for you, we all hoped you'd make it."
Ms. Rougen took her spot to the left of Hanna.  As the group said their hello's, they settled down into the prayer.
"Our dear Lord Jesus.  We thank you for this day and the food you have provided for us.  We thank you that we are able to have our good friends here to help us celebrate the greatest gift you've given each of us, the gift of life.  You are a kind and merciful God who loves and cherishes us, therefore, we are eternally grateful.  Please bless this home, all who live here and all who leave here tonight to travel home.  In your holy name, we pray... Amen."
"Amen."  Echoed through the room as everyone helped finish the prayer.
The table buzzed with forks clinking on plates and random chattering amongst each member of the family and their guests.
A moment of silence deafened the room until Mrs. Browley spoke up.  "So, Ms. Rougen.  How is Hanna doing with her studies?"
"Oh, remarkably well."  Ms. Rougen said pride-fully, smiling at Hanna.  "I do believe this is her calling.  There was barely anything to teach her that she didn't already know.  She's a natural with the children and I see no problems with her passing her graduating test next week."
Hanna blushed and lowered her head in embarrassment with all of the praise and compliments.
“Oh, that’s wonderful!”  Mrs. Browley squealed.  “She told me she was doing fine but never of how incredible she was progressing.”
“Maaa.”  Hanna stated, blushing again.  Chris nudged her arm with his and threw her a smile.
“Yes, indeed.  I see no problems with her taking over the school come fall.  I’m looking forward to seeing my family and being close to them again but it’s breaking my heart to leave Coar.  It was such a hard decision but one that had to be made.  God made it quite clear where he wanted me.”
“We will miss you too, Ms. Rougen.”  Sophie added.  She then quickly turned to Hanna.  “I’m glad you’ll be the new teacher, though, rather than a stranger coming in.”
“Thank you Sophie.”  Hanna stated in a warm voice.
Chris straightened his wrinkled brow.  He had not heard anything said after Ms. Rougen’s last comment and could not let it rest until he asked.  “Excuse me, Ms. Rougen.  I don’t mean to get too personal but how did you know where God wanted you?  I mean, you said it was clear.  How did you see the clarity?”
A slightly puzzled look came over Ms. Rougen’s face.  She looked deep in thought then smiled at Chris.  “I listened.”  she simply said.
“May I ask what you heard?”  Chris asked without even thinking about it first.
“I prayed for God to guide me where He wanted me to go.  It seemed at first that I wasn’t getting an answer until one day I received a letter from my family about a teacher position open.  The perfect position that does not come about often.  I then prayed about my school, here in Coar.  Shortly after, the younger grades were having a hard time understanding their arithmetic.  Without having been asked to do so, Hanna rose and began working with each student one by one until they understood.  That’s when I saw my new teacher.  Some of God’s answers are not screamed in your face, you need to keep your eyes and heart open to what He is telling you.  Did I answer your question?”
“Yes, thank you.”  Chris replied.  “I have been trying to figure out what God wants from me since He sent me here.  I know I’m where I belong, now but it was hard to find the right direction.”
“Oh, that reminds me.”  Ms. Rougen stated as she pushed out her chair and went for the packages by the front door.  “Like I said, these are my personal things that I wanted you all to have.  They have all come from my family.  I would feel honored if you accepted them.”
She handed out the packages as each one ripped into them.  “A dip pen and ink well for Priscilla, a dictionary that has been in my family for years for Mason, my teacher book bag for Hanna and Chris...  I didn’t know why, but I felt compelled to give this to you.  After talking with you this evening, I know why.”  She handed Chris a small box.  “This was my father’s.”  she said with a single tear and a smile.
Chris opened the box to see what looked like a pocket watch.  He clicked the side to open it but instead of the time, he saw N, E, S, W with a spinning needle in the center.  “A compass.”  he stated quietly.
“God is always your compass but as a symbol of that guidance, I want you to have this.”
“It’s wonderful.  I love it.  Thank you.”
“Happy Birthday to you all.”  Ms. Rougen stated with a cracked voice.  “I’m sure the cake is wonderful, but I must excuse myself and bid you all a good night.”  She nodded to Mr. Browley and Chris but made her way around giving everyone else a short but tight hug.
Chris was touched with the selflessness of the woman he barely knew.  She could have taken all of these possessions with her to Minneapolis but decided to give them to people she cared for.  She gave Chris much more than a nice silver compass, she gave him a little clarity for what he was looking for.  Something he knew he already found but still doubted.  
‘How could someone like me be so blessed?’  he often wondered.  Chris stood back from the crowd and observed the family.  ‘How could I possibly have doubts?  Why would I want to be anywhere else?’  
Priscilla ran over and grabbed Chris by the hand dragging him back to the table.  “C’mon, Chris.  Time to blow out the candles... this is your cake, too.”  She happily stated.
The warm, soft lighted room rang out in song as each of them sang ‘Happy Birthday’ to one another.  When they got to the part to say their names, everyone scattered out all four of the names in different orders causing a jumble of words.  In an eruption of laughter, they couldn’t even finish the song.
When the uncontrollable giggles ceased, Priscilla, Mason, Hanna and Chris gathered around to snuff out the candles together.
“Make a wish.”  Mrs. Browley said.
Chris took another look around the room.  What could he possibly wish for that he didn’t already have?

Chapter 18

“I can’t believe it’s finally going up.”  Hanna exclaimed as she and Chris stood side by side, arms wrapped around one another staring at the frame of what would be their new home.
The mid April air was warm and sweet.  The trees sprouted small buds and new grass peeked out from the moist soil.
“We certainly have been blessed with a cooperative spring.”  Chris added.  “I don’t want to let out my breath just yet, you never know if it will snow again.”
“I’m sure if it does, it will not stick long.”  Hanna stated tightening her grip on Chris then releasing him, running toward the house.
“I want a covered front porch facing this way and we can use those two trees over there to tie a rope for the wash and over here, my garden.”  She bounced around like a little girl on Christmas morning.
“Just think, in only a couple of months, we’ll see sprouts coming up from our very own beans, corn, carrots, squash... anything we want to plant.  Over here on the side of the house, I’d love to have some rose bushes.  Wouldn’t that be lovely?”
Chris walked up and stood by his fiancé.  “And daisies.”  He simply said.  “I have to have daisies.”
“Daisies?  Why?  Oh, not that I don’t love daisies...”
“That was my grandma’s favorite flower.  I would like to have something to remind me of her, not that I don’t think of her all the time.”  Chris said, hanging his head.
Hanna grabbed Chris' hands and pulled him down to sit beside her on the pile of logs near the skeleton frame of their home.
"I have only heard you mention her a few times but when you do, I can see the love in your eyes.  You adored her, didn't you?"
"That's putting it lightly."  Chris said in a low tone.  "She was my everything, the only person I had."
"Where were your ma and pa?"  Hanna asked.
"My dad left when I was six years old and my mom...."  He trailed off.
"Did... she... die?"  Hanna hesitantly asked.
"No.  She's still alive but when my father left, she changed.  She began drinking and turned on me as if she blamed me and despised me.  My grandmother passed before my father even left, so when my mom deteriorated, I had nothing left.  I had no one."
"I'm so sorry, Christopher."  Hanna stated, lightly stroking his hand.  "I had no idea you had such a rough childhood.  No wonder you shielded yourself with a wall of attitude."
"I always dreamed of leaving my parents and going to live with my grandma but then she fell ill and passed away just under two years later.  I was devastated.  My father didn’t take the death of his mother very well and it finally got the best of him to where he didn’t care about his family at all.  I could understand that he left my mother, since they were not getting along, but never understood how he never made an effort to contact me.”  Chris fought the tears back.  “I guess I’d been upset with God for taking my grandma from me.  I wanted and needed her with me.  I only had six years with her.”
“I know it’s hard to hear but you should be thanking God for the six years you had with her rather than cursing Him for the years you didn’t.”  Hanna explained.  “She obviously made a huge impression on you and taught you many things.  It’s apparent that what she taught you and what she was to you still hangs on inside and that is a true blessing.”
Chris turned to Hanna and embraced her still fighting back the tears.  She looked into his moistened eyes and gently ran her fingers down his rugged face.
“Why don’t you tell me the best memory you have of her.”  Hanna said trying to bring up a positive.
“Oh, I know it was a short time I had with her but I have many.  She used to bake with me and read to me.  Every so often, she’d wake me up by bringing me a tray of pancakes that she made into a smiley face using eggs and bacon.  She used to take me to the movies and the arcade, whatever I wanted to do.”
“That sounds wonderful...  What is a movie or arcade?”  Hanna asked sounding truly interested.
“Oh.. um..”  Chris stammered.  “An arcade is a building where you can go play games and a movie is when people act to tell a story.”
“Oh, the theatre.  I read about them in a newspaper, once.  I would love to go see a play.  I used to run around when I was a little girl, acting out theatrical scenes.”  Hanna giggled with some embarrassment.  “Did you enjoy the plays?”
Chris decided to just allow her to think that was what he was talking about to save himself from further explanation.  “Yes, I did enjoy them.”  He replied with a grin.  “I guess the best memory I have of my grandmother is when she would come into my room, climb in next to me and read me passages from the Bible.  Her voice was soothing and the words comforting.  I always loved to hear the stories of love and acceptance and crave that when I returned home but never found it there.  I felt invisible in the presence of my parents.  It was almost as if they could pass right through me.  Later, I longed for that invisibility when my mother hit and knocked me down.”
Hanna straightened her body and popped back from Chris’ shoulder.  “She struck you?”  she said in a shocked voice.
Chris merely nodded.
“I don’t even know what to say, I’m sorry.  I could never imagine such a thing.”  Hanna exclaimed seeming to be on the verge of tears herself.
“The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not be in want.  He makes me lie down in green pastures, he leads me beside quiet waters, he restores my soul.”  Chris began.  “Psalm 23 has always been my favorite that she read to me.  It always seemed to comfort me.”
Hanna snuggled against Chris’ shoulder.  “He guides me in paths of righteousness for his name’s sake.”  She continued for him.
“Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me;  your rod and your staff, they comfort me.  You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies.  You anoint my head with oil; my cup overflows.  Surely goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.”  They finished together.
A long silence lingered in the air as they sat, still embraced.  Chris fought the tears back but felt God’s grace flow over him.  He suddenly felt warm, secure and safe.
“What was your grandmother’s name?”  Hanna asked softly.
“Anne.”  Chris replied with a smile.  “Anne Beatrice Scholt.”
“That’s beautiful.”  Hanna replied taking another look around the property.  “I think daisies would be just as beautiful lining the house and walkways.”
“I love you, Hanna.”  Chris whispered into her ear, brushing his face against hers.
“And I, you.”  she replied.

* * * * *

“On the count of three, men.”  Mr. Browley rang out.  “One, two, three...”  The men all grunted and groaned as they lifted the last of the barn frame.  Mr. Edmund scurried to pound in just enough wooden pegs to keep the wall up while everyone still held it.
All the men had worked the entire weekend to shape the logs in order to make the skeleton frame for the barn just as they had with the house.  
With only two tools available to do the job, Mr. Browley and Chris worked on that while everyone else shaped out several piles of dowels to hold the logs together when the time came.  Chris actually knew the tool they used to shape and smooth the logs.  He had used a modern version of this tool in shop class in his middle school years.  He hadn’t realized how long the carpenters Adze had been around.
The house was coming along nicely as well.  It would have been done by now if Mr. Browley had not insisted on stripping all of the bark off of the logs before stacking them up on top of each other for the walls.
“Wouldn’t it be easier to just leave the bark on?”  Chris asked his future father in law before they began working on the house.
“No, we need to get this bark off before preparing the wood.”  He replied handing Chris a chisel looking tool he called a barking spud.  “Bark prevents wood from drying quickly and it will eventually loosen and fall off anyway.  You don’t want to compromise the integrity of your walls, do ya?  Besides, many insects live within the bark which could cause a problem.”
‘He would know better than I.’  Chris thought as he gave him a nod of understanding.
A faint chime echoed through the air as the women signaled that it was time to eat.  They had prepared dinner for the men in the sod house while they feverishly worked on both the barn and the house.
All the men dropped their tools, almost in unison and headed toward the sod to fetch their meal and be able to take a rest.
Chris, however, wanted to finish the log he was working on before taking his break.  He stood astride the log and swung the adze downward toward his feet, chipping off pieces of wood, moving backwards as he went leaving the log with a smooth surface.
When he reached the end, he placed the tool on the log, stood up straight and wiped his brow.  The gentle spring breeze helped cool his head as he took his hat off allowing the wind to tousle his wet hair.
He took a look around the property.  Everyone was getting their plates of food and either plopping down on the grass or finding an unoccupied log to sit upon to enjoy their meal.  The house had walls up halfway and the barn frame was done.  He felt an overwhelming sensation of accomplishment knowing that this was their new home and he had helped build it.  It seemed more gratifying to be able to live in a place that was crafted by his own two hands.
He shook his head like a dog and placed his hat back on.  He slowly walked down to the sod house to join everyone else.
“Quite the dedicated worker.”  Mr. Browley stated teasingly.
“I just wanted to get that one log done before taking a break.”  Chris stated taking the plate Miss Emma May handed him which held a thick piece of homemade bread covered with roasted beef next to a pile of fried potatoes.  The entire plate swam in gravy and smelled heavenly.  “It’s the last we need to finish the house walls.”  
“That it is.  With all the hands we have here, this has been a smooth process.”  Mr. Browley stated.  “You will be able to move right in after the wedding and begin working the fields.”
Chris couldn’t imagine having to do all that work himself.  The property behind his was smaller than Mr. Browley's property and they had handled it fine before Chris came along.  A feeling of independence and pride came over Chris knowing that his hands would bring that field up.  He would be solely responsible for his and Hanna’s income.  Of course that would be the case in his time, as well but if a job is unsuccessful, you go find another one.  That luxury didn’t exist here.  You don’t do the work, you don’t survive.  The feeling of pride turned quickly to dread as he scrambled through his thoughts trying to remember everything he was taught the summer before.  A life time supply of knowledge and experience crammed into Chris’ head in one summer.  It was a lot to sort through.

* * * * *

"What a splendid job the town's people did on this home."  Mrs. Browley stated as she helped Hanna prepare the evening meal.  Mrs. Browley took a loaf of freshly baked bread from the stove taken from the sod house and handed it to Hanna to lay on the freshly built counter.  
Chris and Mr. Browley sat at the newly built table and talked about the completion of the barn.  
"It took a bit longer than expected, but we got 'er up."  Mr. Browley stated.  "We never would have been able to finish without the help of the whole town.  I talked with most of them and they were more than happy to do it for you both."
"Even Cale came out."  Chris said with surprise in his voice.  "I was shocked to see him show up."
"Whether your differences or the fact that I had to reject him, he has been one of my best childhood friends.  I would have been hurt if he didn't bother to come."  Hanna exclaimed.  "He seemed very civil with you and you with him.  I appreciate that."
"I have nothing to bicker about with him."  Chris replied.  "I've let the whole incident go and I hope he's done the same."
"Good for you, son."  Mr. Browley added.
Mason and Priscilla ran in the front door, excited and breathless.  "I love the new team."  Priscilla rang out with animation.  "What are you going to name them?"  she asked.
"Well, I hadn't really thought of it.  They're not technically mine, yet."  Chris answered, still feeling a little nervous being in immediate debt with a team and seed for his field.  His note stated he was to pay for them with his first harvest but what if something happened to the crop?  What if he was the one that messed it up?  Not spending enough time with it or doing something catastrophically wrong.
“What would you name them?”  Chris asked Priscilla.
Priscilla curved her mouth to one direction and looked up toward the ceiling deep in thought.
“Hmm, I would name the gelding, Gus and the mare, Gertie.”  she said with a smile.
“Gus and Gertie it is.”  Chris stated, smiling back at her.
“That’s what your rabbits were named a couple of years ago.”  Mason teased.
“I still like the names, though and we’ll be able to have the horses longer than we had the rabbits.”  Priscilla turned to Hanna.  “When are you bringing your chickens over?”  she asked.
“When I move in after the wedding.”  Hanna replied from the kitchen.
“How come you get to live here before Hanna does?”  Priscilla asked turning her attention to Chris.
“I have to live here because all of the furniture from the sod house has already been brought into this house.  There’s the stove.  The small table is being used as a desk in the bedroom next to the bed that we had to build extra legs for.  The two chairs are right here under your pa and me.”  Chris responded.
He took another look around the room.  The dining table with four chairs, two they had to make since the sod house only had the original two, sat in the middle of the room.  The stove and counter were to the left of the table with a large basin sink.  They would have to wait until summer time to drill in a water pump, until then the well outside was perfectly fine.  The fireplace on the East wall was grand and made of stone.  Two rocking chairs were placed in front for them to relax together in the evening.
To the right of the table were two doors.  One to their bedroom and another to a spare room, perhaps for guests if they ever get furniture or possibly for a nursery for when they decide to begin a family. 
It was all coming together and Chris was finally able to take a breath.
A house, a barn, land, a team, a family and a soon to be wife.  He couldn’t have imagined how blessed this place could have made him, how blessed God could have made him.  All of the things he’d searched endlessly for in 1998 seemed to hit him in less than one year back in this time.  This time of blessings, this time of hope, this time of love and family.
Chris clung onto Hanna as if she’d float away if he let go.  “I will miss you.”  He stated to her as she was getting ready to head back home with her family.
“You’ll see me tomorrow.”  she said back with a full grin.  “Only next time you see me, I’ll be walking down the isle.”
“I can’t believe the wedding is tomorrow.  It seems too good to be true even though I’ve waited my whole life for this moment.”  He said to her.
“I know what you mean.  It will be perfect.”  She kissed him gently on the tip of his nose and turned to climb into the back of the wagon which held her patiently awaiting family.
“I’ll be by in the morning with Mason to help you get ready and take you over to the church.”  Mr. Browley reminded.
“I’ll see you then.”  Chris replied, waving.
He stood there until the wagon melted into the darkness and he could no longer hear the racket from the clumsy wheels.  He turned toward his new house, stopping to take in the sight.  A soft glow floated out of the front window and slightly illuminated the front porch.  The silhouette of the barn was barely visible behind the house but Chris knew it was there.  He decided to check the horses to make sure they were snug for the night.
The barn was small with only two stalls.  They were double stalls, so he kept the horses together while the other side sat empty, soon to be filled with several chickens.  Later they could think of getting more animals, perhaps a cow for fresh milk.
The small loft that hung above him had some hay to get him through until the first cut.  The horses seemed content as Gertie even gave him a nudge on the shoulder with the side of her head.  Chris scratched the front of her face and ran his fingers down her golden mane.  Gus pushed his way through wanting the same attention.  
After Chris gave in to him, scratching him behind the ears, he turned to walk out taking in the evening air.  The days had begun to get longer and warmer and sweeter.  The horizon still displayed a line of deep pink even though the rest of the land seemed as dark as velvet.
“This will be the last night I’m here alone.”  He whispered out loud.  He still could not believe, the next day, he'd be married to the most incredible woman who came from the most wonderful family.
The hustle of the day hit Chris like a locomotive.  He trudged into the house, took the lantern from the dining table into his small bedroom.  He slipped out of his clothes and snuffed out the lantern.  He turned his bed down but instead of climbing in under the snug quilt, he kneeled down onto the chilly floor, folded his hands and looked to the heavens.
“My dear God, I cannot even begin to thank you for sending me here.  For helping me find my way by allowing me to become lost, first.  I beg for your forgiveness for the attitude I carried for a long while about how and why you sent me here.  Even though I will never completely understand your plan for me, I am eager to trust you and follow where ever you guide me for I know you love me and want the best for me.  I thank you for giving me a family, a wonderful woman to love who loves me in return and a whole town of amazing friends.  Most of all, Lord, I thank you for giving me a second chance, a chance to find myself and my worth.  I finally feel like I belong somewhere and that I am significant.  I could not have imagined anything more grand than your grace and mercy.  In Jesus’ holy name, I pray... A-men.”
Chris rose to his feet still exhausted but feeling released.  He now had no doubt that God was hearing him and watching over him.  He was safe, he was secure and he was loved.
A smile curled onto his lips as he turned his head and drifted off into a deep slumber.

Chapter 19

The breeze smelled sweet of fresh grass and daffodils as it wafted through the church, caressing the faces of everyone waiting patiently for the arrival of the bride.  Chris could almost feel the rotation of the Earth beneath his swaying body as he concentrated on staying upright. 
No doubts or insecurities ever crossed his mind but the mere fact of standing in front of a group of people, publicly professing his love was tugging on his nerves.  
His thoughts rummaged through the last year.  One year ago, today, he arrived in this place.  This place that he cursed God for sending him to, this place which was now his home, his world, his life.  He felt embarrassed now for his original behavior and could not believe how long it took him to soak in the blessing but on the same hand could not believe what a short time he was able to turn his entire existence around.
He went through the journey in his mind.  What exactly had changed him?  The Browley family?  The hard manual labor?  Hanna?  All true answers but he knew that with the Lords help and his willingness, it was not a change at all, it was within him the entire time.  All of the ingredients of the time had made up the recipe to bring it out and he liked who he'd become.  
He thrived on the fact that not only was he received better by other people, he himself preferred this person he'd become.  This person who was able to love and accept love.  This person who found the worth in hard work and life, in general.  This person who was happy.
When the piano began to ring out glorious music, Chris knew the love of his life had arrived.  He sharply exhaled with relief that she had come even though he hadn't realized the speck of doubt.  Of all the things he'd imagined in his life that he could be, husband never seemed to cross his brain.
The wedding march began to sound as everyone he now held dear to his heart rose to their feet and turned their heads toward the door.
Light streamed in as they were opened, illuminating an angelic silhouette.  Hanna stepped in wearing her mothers wedding dress and holding a bouquet of flowers.  
“Daisies.”  Chris gasped.  “she remembered.”  A tear welled up in his eye as he struggled to fight it back.
As Hanna glided down the isle, her stare locked onto his, the crowd seemed to fade away.  All the guests but one.  Chris briefly took his eyes off of his bride and glanced over her right shoulder to the back of the church.  Grandma.
The old woman lifted her hand to her lips, gave it a gentle kiss and blew it toward Chris.  She took the corner of a hanky she held in her other hand and dabbed the side of her eye.  ‘I am so proud of you’.  Her lips said with no sound.
Chris smiled warmly at her, then turned his attention back to Hanna.
“I wanted to bring your grandma to our wedding.”  Hanna explained, clutching the daisies next to her heart.
“She’s already here.”  Chris whispered looking out to the back of the church which now stood empty.  “I know she’s already here.”
“Dearly beloved..”  Pastor Walling began.  “We have gathered here today to join this man, Christopher James Scholt and this woman, Hanna Grace Browley in holy matrimony.”
Chris faced Hanna and took her hands when the pastor opened his Bible.
“A man shall leave his father and mother and be united to his wife, and they shall become one flesh.  Each man should have his own wife and each woman her own husband.  They shall love one another wholly and as 1 Corinthians 13 states.. Love that is patient and kind.  Love that does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud.  It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs.  Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth.  It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.”
Pastor Walling placed his hand over the couple’s joined hands.  “Chris, will you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold, in sickness and in health, for richer or for poorer, til death parts you?”
“I will.”  Chris responded without hesitation.
“Hanna, will you take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband, do you promise to honor and obey, in sickness and in health, for richer or for poorer, til death parts you?”
Hanna’s eyes glistened as she looked up to Chris.  “I will.”  she stated in a soft voice.
“By the power vested in me by our wonderful Lord and Savior, I now pronounce you man and wife.”  Pastor Walling announced in a boisterous voice, then lowered it to Chris.  “You may now kiss your bride.”
Chris continued holding Hanna’s one hand, as his other came up to her face, lightly stroking her cheek.  He leaned in and placed his lips gently onto hers.  When he retreated, he knew he now gazed into the eyes of his wife.  Hanna, his wife.
The piano began playing again as Chris and Hanna locked arms and walked down the isle together.  When they reached the door they heard the pastor making an announcement.
“There will be a picnic lunch on the church lawn immediately following, courtesy of Mrs. Browley, Mrs. Moyor and miss Emma May.  Tonight, there will be a social and dance at the Scholt farm.  Now, let us all congratulate the couple.”  He stated raising his arms up to excuse the Browley family.
One by one, the town filed out of the pews and made their way to the back of the church to offer their words.
“I’m so happy for you both.”  Mrs. Moyor exclaimed, handkerchief in hand.  Her husband, rushing her from behind, shook Chris’ hand and gave Hanna a quick squeeze.
“Well, ya did it son.  Ya sure nabbed yurself a mighty fine wife.”  Mr. Kinsley said to Chris as he gave Hanna a kiss on the hand.
“I’m so glad I was able to be here for your big day, my dear.”  Ms. Rougen stated to Hanna.  “I know you’ll make a wonderful teacher and an even more wonderful wife.  I wish I could be here to watch your family grow as I have watched you grow into a superb young lady.”
“Oh, Ms. Rougen, thank you.”  Hanna’s voice cracked a little.  “When are you planning to leave?  You will make the party tonight, won’t you?”
“Don’t you worry, my dear.  I will be at the party.  I’m not due to depart until Tuesday, next.”  She gave Hanna a wink, then moved the line along.
Chris looked down the line to see half the town still waiting to extend their congratulations.  It was a wonderfully overwhelming feeling until his eyes reached the end of the line.  Chris gulped.  Cale Edmund.  He had a lot of nerve showing his face at the wedding if he only planned to start trouble.  He had shown up to the barn and house raising and though a little awkward, nothing trivial had happened.  He was last in line, however.  Everyone else had already made their way out to the picnic.
“Cale.”  Hanna stated first.
“Hello Hanna.”  He answered.  “Hello Chris.”  he then said, taking Chris aback.  “I wanted to be last in line on purpose...”
Chris’ stomach tightened.  ‘How dare he come to our wedding to cause problems!’  He thought as he felt his body heat up.
“I wanted to not only congratulate the both of you but to extend my deepest apologies for how things happened at the harvest dance.  I have had a lot of time to think about it and even though the rejection hurt me terribly, I realized that it hurt worse not having you as a friend at all.”  He turned solemnly to Hanna.  “One of my duties as a best friend is to see you happy and I see that you are, so I am happy for you... both.”  he then turned to Chris and offered him a nod.
Cale extended his hand to Chris, giving him a hearty shake.  He took Hanna’s hand and kissed her on the cheek.  With no further words, he exited the church leaving the two of them in silence.
“Now, that’s the Cale I know.”  Hanna finally exclaimed as a single tear ran down her face.  Chris brushed it away with his finger and took her into an embrace.
“I love you, Hanna.  I am the luckiest man in the world to have you.”  Chris stated looking deep into her eyes.  He dipped her slightly and gave her a tender kiss.
“Alright you two love birds.”  Mrs. Browley stated from outside the church.  “time to join your party.”

“To tell you the truth, my lad.  I had my doubts about you when you first arrived here.”  Pastor Walling admitted to Chris that night at the dance.  “I sure was nervous about your adjusting to things around here.”
“I had my doubts as well.  I never expected things to turn out the way they have.  I feel blessed.”  Chris responded appreciatively.  
“I trust God with all of my heart and lean not on my own understanding, just as it tells us in Proverbs 3.”  Pastor Walling continued.  “I knew he’d lead you where you needed to be.  I saw you grow from an immature child to an upstanding young man.  The entire town is proud of you.”
Chris tried to hide his embarrassment but could feel his cheeks glowing.  “Thank you, sir.”  
“You did alright, adjusting I mean.  Especially not being from our time.”  The pastor gave a quick wink to Chris, patted him on the shoulder and walked off.
Chris stood there, wide eyed and mouth gaped.  What had the pastor meant by that?  Did he know something?  How could he?  Chris felt a tight sensation of embarrassment but couldn’t help but to feel relieved that someone may actually know and possibly understand his situation.  Perhaps it could have been some 1800’s lingo that he was not aware of but what else could it have possibly meant?
He followed the pastor with his eyes, watching him talking with the other guests.  His curiosity consumed him to where he didn’t care if he sounded crazy or not, he needed to know what the pastor was talking about.  He took one step forward.
“There you are.”  Hanna’s voice sang in his ear.
He whipped around to see her standing behind him.  “My husband.”  she said wrapping her arms around him.  He accepted her embrace and for that moment, every question and concern wafted from his head.  He was in the arms of the one he loved, nothing else mattered.
“Attention everyone.”  Mr. Browley rang out.  The chatter of the room slowly ceased as all eyes turned to him.  “I’m so glad you all could come to celebrate the marriage of our very own, Hanna and Chris, this evening.  Before we begin the music and bring out the food, I wanted to say a few words.”
Mr. Browley turned to Hanna and Chris.  “I just want to say, that I am so grateful that Chris has come into our lives.  Believe me, I wondered what I was getting myself into the first time I met this young man, but he has certainly proven himself with my farm, my family, our daughter and all of our hearts.  Welcome to the family, officially, son.”  He nodded to Chris who returned the gesture.  “and to my lovely daughter.  A wife, a teacher and a fine young woman.  I could not be prouder than I am today and I know I speak for your mother as well when I say, we know you will continue to make us proud.”
Hanna’s eyes escaped a tear as she tried to control her sniffles.  Chris wrapped his arm around her and gave her a comforting squeeze.
“Hear, hear... to the bride and groom!”  someone from the crowd shouted out.  “To the bride and groom.”  everyone else echoed.
“Now let the celebration begin.”  
The night began with a special song, danced only by Hanna and Chris.  They felt every eye burrowing into them as they swayed in the middle of the circle.  Hanna pulled her head back to look into Chris’ face.  “I could not have asked for a more perfect day, with the most perfect man.”  she said, resting her head back onto his shoulder.
Chris smiled warmly but quickly allowed it to fade away.  He felt the same about her.  What the pastor had said to him before, however, brought back a flood of wonder.  How did he get here?  Was he going to be sent back?  Had he lied to Hanna about his past, deceived her?  He suddenly felt that the secret he kept should have been revealed before the wedding.  He didn’t want to risk losing Hanna, but it would have been fair for her to know the truth beforehand so she would have been given the chance to make up her own mind about who Chris really was... or used to be.  Would it have mattered to her?
Chris was terrified to find out.  Even if it would have been okay with her before the wedding, will it make a difference to tell her now?  Would she be more upset that he waited?  So many wonderings, so many questions.  A clean slate was what this marriage deserved.

Late that night, Chris and Hanna sat in their matching rocking chairs in front of the dwindling fire.  
“It’s so nice to be home, finally.”  Hanna stated.
“It’s nice to have you here.  I was getting rather lonely staying here all by myself.  It’s nice to have someone to share it with.”  Chris replied.
‘There are so many things I want to share with you, Hanna.’  Chris thought, remembering the argument within himself that had consumed his brain earlier.  To tell her or not to tell her?
He felt he had everything else in Hanna that he could ever ask for.  He wanted her opinion, her insight, her support about his travel.  He wanted to confess about his childhood, his teenage years and even about the criminal activity he was involved with.  He did not want her to fear him, he did not want her to lose respect for him but he wanted her to truly see how far he’d actually come.  How far he had traveled, not only through time but also within his soul.
She would understand.  She loved him and she had one of the most outgoing but gentle spirits he’d ever known.
‘How to begin...’  he thought.  ‘Hanna, I’m actually from the future?  I come to you from the year 1998?  I used to be in a gang, lived 18 months in prison, fell asleep in an alley and traveled 130 years back in time, overnight?’  There was no easy way to begin this.  Going over the possibilities in his mind made him even more terrified, but he had to do it.
“Hanna?”  he squeaked out.
“Yes, Christopher.”  she replied, leaning her head back then turning it ever so slightly toward him.
All the words that had just gone through his brain suddenly jumped out of sentence, bounced out of sense.  He couldn’t understand what the first word could possibly be.  He panicked to the point of dead silence.
After several seconds of deafening quiet, Hanna giggled.  “Come on, let’s go to bed.”
She rose from her chair and extended a hand out to him.  He grasped it and followed her into the bedroom.  His eyes widened when he realized what tonight was.  Their wedding night.  He had been so preoccupied with his thoughts, it had not crossed his mind.
In the dark and in the silence, they awkwardly undressed and slipped into the bed.  Even with the heavy quilt laying on top, the bed was quite chilly.
They moved their bodies closer for warmth as tingles covered Chris’ body when their skin touched.  He loved this woman more than he’d ever loved anything or anyone else before.  How could he tell such things, now?  How could he not?
“Hanna?”  he whispered.
“yes, husband.”  she whispered back.
“I... uh.. just wanted to tell you... I could not have asked for a more perfect day, with the most perfect woman.”
He wrapped his arms around his lovely wife taking in the warmth of her breath and kissed her deeply. 

Chapter 20

"It's so nice to have the family home for supper."  Mrs. Browley exclaimed, sitting down after placing the dishes of food onto the table.
"It still feels weird not having you here, Hanna."  Priscilla added.  "You too, Chris."
"I take it since Chris has his own farm now, that it's up to you and me to work ours again, huh pa?"  
"That it is, Mason.  We've done it before, we certainly can handle it again."  Mr. Browley winked at his son.  "I guess you'd be joining me this year on my trip to Shorlin, as well.  Chris, you can follow us but you'd have to put your crops in your own wagon.  I don't doubt that Mr. Kinsley would let you borrow his until you can get a schooner of your own."
"It's too bad you can't go to Shorlin sooner than the harvest."  Chris exclaimed, giving his father in law a side ways glance.  "For the bloom of the garden."
Mrs. Browley gave a confused look as Mr. Browley's eyes showed that he understood what Chris was hinting towards.
"Who says we can't go?"  Mr. Browley said, scratching his chin in thought.
"What on Earth are you two talking about?"  Mrs. Browley finally asked.
"There's just something in Shorlin that I've always wanted to share with you.  It seems as good a time as any."  Mr. Browley's eyes lit up.
"Well, I declare.  That's the craziest thing I've ever heard.  We have so much that needs to be tended to here.  We can't just pick up and leave."
"Ma, it would be a wonderful time for you and pa and your anniversary is in two weeks, isn't it?"  Hanna piped up turning to her mother.  "You two have worked so hard, you deserve it."
"What do you say?  I can't believe I didn't think of it myself."  Mr. Browley smiled at Chris.
"What would we do with the children?"  Mrs. Browley's brow crinkled with concern.
"We could stay here with them."  Chris said nudging his wife's elbow.
"Of course."  Hanna replied.
"Oh, I don't know...  should we?  Could we?"  Mrs. Browley said but more as if she was thinking out loud.
"You are certainly worth holding off on the plowing."  Mr. Browley winked at his wife.  "The children will be safe.  You know they are older and more mature than we realize."  turning his wink to Chris as he quoted his words.
Mrs. Browley threw her hands up.  "Ok.  Why not.  It sounds wonderful George."

“Bye ma, bye pa.”  Priscilla shouted out as she, Mason, Chris and Hanna stood near the road watching the wagon get smaller and smaller.
“I cannot believe she agreed to go.”  Hanna exclaimed, taking Chris’ hand as they walked back up to the house.  “What made you bring it up?”
“Oh, I was remembering a conversation your pa and I had when we were in Shorlin.  His favorite table at Miss Molly’s Inn overlooks an enormous hedge and flower garden.  He made mention to me that he had always wanted to see it in bloom but never seemed to be able to get up there in the spring with your ma.  I had to remind him, then, that their children aren’t children anymore and that he should bring her up there in the spring.  Just him mentioning Shorlin brought it to my mind.”
“That was nice.  I cannot remember ever when ma and pa were able to just pick up and go off like this.  They will have a glorious time.”
“I can’t believe how much has changed since then.”  Chris recalled not quite realizing he said it out loud.
“What do you mean?”
“Then, during harvest, I still had the feeling that I wanted to leave this place.  That I wanted to go home.  I didn’t think you’d ever talk to me again and I was growing weary of the work.  I still felt like I was in the wrong place.”
“You do not feel that way any longer, do you?”  Hanna asked.
Chris stopped walking, turned to Hanna and scooped her into his arms.  “Of course not.  I have everything I’ve ever wanted wrapped in my arms right now.”
“Oh, Christopher.”  she said with sincerity but with a hint of embarrassment.
Chris kissed her cheek, gave her one last squeeze then released her.  As they made their way back up to the house, his thoughts rummaged through the rest of the time he’d spent in Shorlin.  He had not forgotten about his near theft and how he felt in the midst of it.  He knew it was wrong, he knew the family would disapprove or even disown him and he knew it was not the way, not for him any longer.  He also remembered the feeling of adrenaline he felt when he was contemplating taking the broach.  The rush of how he would have probably gotten away with it.  He felt the tug of war within his soul between Satan and God.  God’s voice was louder, stronger and made more sense.  He had restrained but what if he hadn’t?  The thoughts were still there.  Would they ever go away?
He shook his head as if to toss the thoughts out.  “Well, I suppose we should get to work, Mason.”  Chris said when he entered the parlor.  “We have some cows to milk and animals to feed.  I thought it would be a nice surprise for your pa if we started clearing the fields, too.”
“Oh, I suppose.”  Mason grumbled.
“This is your ma and pa’s vacation, not ours.  There’s still plenty to do.”  Chris reminded him.
“Can I go to your place and feed Gus and Gertie?”  Priscilla asked excitedly.
“Well, I fed them already this morning, but if you’d like, we can head out there later to visit them.  I would like to put them out to pastor for a bit, anyway, this afternoon.”
“You can help me get dinner prepared.”  Hanna said to her little sister.
The girls headed to the kitchen while Chris and Mason made their way outside.  The weather was quite different this year than it had been the year before.  When Chris arrived at this place, it was unseasonably hot for May.  This year the mornings were cool and still threatened frost.  The family had not even put the garden in yet with fear that they would not survive if rimed.  The kitchen was littered with starter pots to assure timely harvest when it was safe to put them in the ground.
Even in the late morning, the barn held a chill.  Chris was thankful that he’d remembered his heavy coat as he kneeled on the tiny stool to milk the first cow.  
He’d only been gone from this place a little over a month and he would have said that he disliked the work around the Browley farm, but being back made him realize how much he missed it.  It felt as though this family was truly his and it had been so his entire life.
Although he imagined it was nothing good, he often wondered where he would be and what he would be doing right now if he’d not come to this time.  Would he have found a job?  Would he have a place to live?  Would he be living at all?  The gang surely would have found him and disposed of him by now.  He had no place to hide.  Perhaps this travel was God’s way of saving his life.  The Lord already knew what it took Chris several months to realize.  He saved Chris’ life in more ways than man can count.

“We got a letter from ma!”  Priscilla ran in the house waving an envelope around.  “She must have written it the very first day they got there for it to be here already.”
“Well open it and find out.”  Hanna said dusting flour from her hands.  “Mason, we got a letter from ma and pa.”  She bellowed into the other room.
The four of them sat around the table in the warm kitchen fragrant with the smell of freshly baked bread and sauced apples.
Priscilla, as excited as she was, still took careful precision as she slowly tore the edge of the envelope, gave it a quick puff of air and slid out the folded piece of paper.

My dearest children,
We arrived in Shorlin yesterday.  I cannot quite determine when I have been here last but it sure has grown.  The hustle and bustle of the streets is overwhelming at times but seems to melt away when your pa and I stroll through the lovely gardens.  As some of you know, Miss Molly is just as charming as can be and has made us feel more than welcome.  Thelma is the most superb cook, sometimes putting my cooking to shame.
The ride here was lovely with all of the fresh colors and smells.  The attractiveness of it all was minimal compared to the landscape of the garden, however.  I cannot remember seeing so many glorious colors in one place.  It’s hard to take in all at once.  I am thrilled that I agreed to come.
I trust everything is going well for you all and I miss each and every one of you.  
Love from your ma and pa.

Priscilla folded the piece of paper and carefully placed it back into the envelope.  A faint smile spread across everyone’s faces as if they felt the same emotions.  Happy that their parents were having a splendid time but missing them terribly. 
“It’s only been a few days but it seems bazaar not having them around.  I don’t think I’ve been away from ma this long my entire life.”  Priscilla said, being the first to speak.
“She’s having a wonderful time, though.”  Hanna responded.  “We should be happy for them and looking forward to hearing of their adventure when they return.”
“Well said.”  Chris beamed.  “Now how about some supper.  The smell of that pie is making my mouth water.”  The words surprised him as he noticed he sounded more and more like Mr. Browley every day.

“I cannot believe how chilly it’s been getting at night.  Here it is, nearly summer and we still have to build a fire at night.”  Hanna said as she slipped under the chilly blankets, snuggling closer to Chris.
“I was just thinking that earlier this week.  This time last year was abnormally hot, now it seems it’s abnormally cool.  It’s common for the weather in these parts to be uncommon, though.”  Chris responded.
Hanna rose her head from her pillow.  “That’s true.  How do you know what’s common in these parts if you’ve only been here one year?”
Chris gulped.  He had not caught his slip.  How could he explain how he knew the weather patterns of Coar without revealing his secret?
“Tell me the truth, Christopher.  Have you regained your full memory yet?  Where you are from and how you got here?”
“I still have no recollection of how I got here but I have learned over the last year of why.”
Hanna’s eyes were full of curiosity, asking for an explanation without a single word.
“I was not on a wholesome path before.”  Chris began.  “I truly believe that God sent me here to find myself, find my worth and yes.. to even find you.  I have learned so much being here and have grown to love it that I have no desire to return.”
Hanna laid her head back down onto her pillow, seeming satisfied with Chris’ answer.  He couldn’t quite figure out how he kept getting away with the dance around answers he continued to give her.  Even though he had the desire and the need to tell her the truth, he froze whenever the opportunity came to the surface.
“Well, no matter where you are from, I’m glad you ended up here.  I’m glad that I saw in you what you found within yourself and I am glad that I fell in love with you.  I do love you, Christopher.”
“..and I love you.  I have since the day I first saw you.  Do you believe in love at first sight?”  Chris asked.
Hanna thought a moment then slowly began shaking her head.  “No, I don’t.  I believe you can be smitten with someone at first sight but to truly love, you need to know them inside and out.  You need to learn their mind and their soul.  I don’t know what kind of sense that makes but that is how I see it.”
“It makes perfect sense.  I guess I never thought of it that way before.  I do love you but I can see how I could have been just smitten with you at first.  The sight of you took my breath away and I had never felt that way about anyone before, that’s all I knew, then.  How did you get so insightful?  Sometimes I wonder how a thug like myself ended up with someone as perfect as you.”
“Oh, I’m far from perfect.  What makes you consider yourself a thug?  I’m not even sure what that word means.  You are kind and generous and you love with all of your heart.  Not only me but this entire family.  I can see how rough you were around the edges when you first arrived but I now see that you were just scared and confused.  I would probably have behaved the same way if I woke up alone in a strange place.  You’re a good man Christopher and I am proud to call you my husband.”
Chris felt his body well up with emotion.  He had never experienced such admiration and praise his entire life.  Surely, Hanna was an angel sent to him from Heaven.
He reached his arm over and wrapped it around her taking in her warmth and her scent.  He felt the blessings engulf his existence and even though he was grateful for them, he felt overwhelmed. 
“I don’t know what else God could possibly give me that I don’t have already.”  He whispered into her ear.
“My prayer is that he blesses us with a family.  Oh, how I’ve always dreamed of having a child.”  Hanna responded.  “Have you ever thought of that?”
“I actually have.”  Chris responded immediately.  “I’ve thought of having a daughter so that I may carry on the name of my grandmother.”
“I’ve thought that, too, but of my mother.  I always thought that with the name would also come with the inheritance of her courage and strength.  Her loving nature and warmth.”  Hanna trailed off.
“If we had a daughter, she’d get all of those traits but from her mother.”  Chris added.
They both smiled at each other’s shadowed silhouettes then turned back to stare at the ceiling.  Chris could feel the weight of his eyelids consume him.  He finally gave in and closed them.  Without any warning or realization that he’d been thinking about it, he was jolted awake by a sinking sensation in the pit of his stomach.
“What’s wrong?”  Hanna asked in a groggy voice.
“I just remembered that I left our horses out in the pasture.  I cannot believe that I neglected to bring them into the barn.  How could I have been so clumsy and careless?”
“I’m sure they’ll be fine out in pasture overnight.  Gus and Gertie are strong horses.  They keep themselves warm, they have plenty of food out there and they have each other.”  Hanna reassured him.
“I would feel better if I went over and put them in.”  Chris said pulling back the covers.
“Chris, it’s in the middle of the night.  By the time you got out there, herd them in and return, it would be almost time to let them back out.  They are fine.  Lay back down.”  She said patting his chest.  “Let’s try to get back to sleep.”

Chris was relieved to find the morning warmer than it had been all month.  He stepped out onto the porch with his morning cup of coffee and breathed in the light scents.  The maple and cottonwood trees were in full bloom as the morning doves sang their beautiful song.  The land seemed as relieved for the mild morning as Chris was.  The sky speckled with hungry bees, colorful butterflies and birds scouring the land for bits of grass and hay.
Chris felt a presence behind him and turned to see Hanna.  “Oh, what a beautiful morning.  I told you that the horses would be alright out in the pasture.  I’m sure they are loving this weather as much as the wild animals seem to be.”
“I know, you were right.  I just felt terrible that I had neglected them.  Not having a roof over their head all night.  I do still wish I had remembered to bring them in...”
Chris’ words were interrupted by the rapid sound of a fast moving wagon.  He noticed the cloud of stirred up road dust before he could recognize who was quickly approaching the house.
“That’s Mr. Kinsley.”  Hanna said, squinting her eyes to see better.  “Something is wrong.”
Mr. Kinsley reached the house as fast as lightening, pulling on the reins with all of his strength causing the horses to abruptly stop, almost flinging him right off the bench. 
“FIRE!!”  he shouted.
“CHRIS, HANNA!!  YER BARN IS ON FIRE!!!”

Chapter 21

The panic which consumed Chris carried his legs as fast as they'd ever moved.  With Hanna at his heals, screaming for Mason, Chris jumped onto Mr. Kinsley's wagon which barely stopped for them to leap on board.  
"Mason, our barn is on fire!  Go into town and ring the church bell.  We need help, tell everyone to bring buckets!"  Hanna screamed to her brother as the wagon barreled down the road.
Chris climbed onto the bench next to Mr. Kinsley.  "What happened?  Is the barn completely gone?  Were the chickens still inside?  The horses!"  He terrifyingly rambled on not even giving Mr. Kinsley the chance to answer.
"I don't know about them animals.  I didn't even see flames yet, just smoke billowin' out the front door.  Hopefully that means we's got a chance to save it."  Mr. Kinsley almost shouted over the racket of the wheels.
Even though it seemed an eternity, they arrived to their farm in only a few minutes.  The barn was indeed engulfed in smoke but he did not see flames.  The heavy black smoke billowed out of every crack of the building and through the slits of the closed barn doors.
“Hanna, grab those buckets from the porch and start filling them from the well.. hurry!”  Chris shouted while running to the barn.  He flung open the doors and was knocked from his feet, flat onto his back from a back draft of flames exploding out the top.  The flames seemed to pour up, climbing the wall toward the roof.
Chris turned onto his knees and started crawling through the barn searching for any signs of life.  The chickens had a small door to get outside but to a tiny pen that was built snug up against the barn.  They would never survive if the structure raged out of control.  
Chris crawled on his elbows, coughing and sputtering from the smoke.  He could see the opening for the chickens but he didn’t hear anything.  As he crawled through the pen, he felt his body slithering over mounds that he could not identify.  He reached out his hand... feathers.  One body, another and another.  He stuck his head out of the opening to see if any had made it out.  Nothing.  All of the chickens were gone, perished.  
‘The horses!’  Chris thought in a panic.  He turned, hurdling the chicken carcass’s toward the other side of the barn, to the horse pen.  “Gus, Gertie!”  he shouted.  Through the roar and crackle of the flames, he strained his ears to hear anything.  A whinny, a whimper... any sort of life from them.  Nothing.
“Chris, Chris!!!”  he heard faintly from outside.
His head began to feel heavy and dizzy but he could not leave until he knew where those horses were.  If the chickens had died from smoke inhalation, did the horses as well?  
He finally reached the gate of the horse pen and fumbled his fingers around for the latch.  “Chris...”  he heard again but it seemed closer.  
“The horses!!”  he shouted but then realized no sound came from his throat.  The flames were above him, smoke surrounded him, he couldn’t figure out which way was up, which way was down.  He reached for the latch again but only caught air.  ‘Where did the gate go?  Where am I?’
A tight sensation around his chest forced the smoky air from his lungs.  What had grabbed him would not let him go as he felt his limp body being dragged along the floor and out the door.  The fresh air seemed to shock his body as he laid slumped on the ground.  
Dozens of feet pounded around him as drips of water hit his face and hands sizzling on contact.
“Chris!”  Hanna screamed running to his side.  She flung herself down on top of him, sobbing.  “Are you ok?”  she whispered in a choke.
“I think so..”  Chris tried to say but wild coughing came out instead.
“What on Earth were you thinking going in there?”  She asked.
“The chickens are gone... and the...”  more coughing.
“No animal is worth your life, Christopher!”  Hanna said in a more stern voice.
“The horses... I couldn’t find the horses.”  Chris muttered.
More tears flowed down Hanna’s face.  “Oh, Chris!  You left the horses out in the pasture last night, don’t you remember?”
Chris’ brow wrinkled as the memory flooded through his brain.  “Oh, my Lord.  I went in there to save something that wasn’t even there.  The chickens, though.  All of the chickens are dead.”
“We can get more chickens.  The horses are safe.  I don’t think I can say the same of our barn, though.”  Hanna stated looking toward the red and orange fireball that used to be their barn.
Chris allowed Hanna to raise his head to see.  The barn.  It’s gone.  Every member of the town seemed to be there, carrying bucket by bucket of water.  Not to the barn, however, but to the house.  
“Why are they throwing water on the house?  Is the house on fire?”  Chris asked in a panic.
“No, the house is fine.  The barn is a lost cause so now they’re just trying to make sure it doesn’t spark the house, as well.”  
“The barn is gone!”  Chris said, laying his head back down and trying to get through another coughing spell.  “It’s un-repairable.”
“Un-repairable but not unable to be re-built.  I’m just glad you’re okay.  Don’t you ever do something so careless again, Christopher.  I couldn’t bear to lose you!”  Hanna’s eyes began to well up again.
“Who.. who grabbed me and dragged me out?”  Chris muttered.
“That was Mr. Moyor.  He was the first to get here and I was so frightened when I realized you had gone in there.  Didn’t you hear me shouting for you?”
Chris’ nod induced another coughing attack.  Mrs. Moyor sat down on the other side of Chris and offered him a glass of water.  “You just keep coughing, Chris.”  she said offering him some more water.  “Get as much of that smoke out of you as you can.”
The coughing spells lasted several more days as Hanna insisted that Chris do no heavy labor.  Chris felt uneasy about making Mason do all of the chores himself but every time he’d be up for too long, his body felt dizzy and weak, then the coughing would start again.
“Maybe we should write ma and pa and tell them to come back with Dr. Blake?”  Hanna suggested the evening before.
“No.”  Chris responded with some force.  “I don’t want to bother your ma and pa.  I don’t need a doctor, just some rest.  Besides, by the time the letter arrived in Shorlin, they may already be on their way home.”
“I just want to make sure you’re going to be alright.”  Hanna said as she exited the room.  She seemed offended by the shortness in Chris' tone.
Chris realized he was being coarse with her but he was still very upset with the situation.  No one could seem to figure out what set the barn a blaze in the first place.  He lost his chickens which were serving as a small form of income by selling their eggs.  He almost killed himself trying to save two horses that were safe, a quarter mile away from the barn.  ‘What is going on, Lord?’  His thoughts pleaded.  ‘Why did this have to happen?  That barn was just built last month.  I can’t ask the town for their time to build another.  Everyone is preparing their fields.’  Chris rubbed his sore, raw throat.  ‘What did I do to deserve this?  I just wanted to do something nice for Mr. and Mrs. Browley.  Their trip was the only reason I was away from the house and this is what I get?’
‘Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.’   Chris heard pastor Walling’s reminder of God’s word ring through his mind.
“Easier said than done.”  Chris said aloud.
When Chris woke the next morning, he heard voices chatting downstairs.  One was Hanna and the other sounded like the pastor.  Soon after, he heard footsteps ascending the stairs.  Hanna tapped on the door then entered without waiting for a response.  
“The pastor is here to see you.”  she whispered.  “Do you want to get dressed and come down or shall I send him up?”
“I’ll come down.”  Chris groaning as he sat up and swung his legs to the side of the bed.  “I’ll be down in just a moment.”
“Pastor.”  Chris said when he reached the bottom step and turned into the parlor.  “What can I do for you?”
“I just came to see how you were feeling.  I got a visit from your wife with her concerns for you.  Are you sure you don’t want to see a doctor?”
“I’m fine.”  Chris firmly stated.  “I wish everyone would stop worrying about me.”
“Everyone loves you, Chris, they are going to worry for you.”  The pastor said in a calm voice.  “another concern that Hanna had was for your behavior.  She has noticed that you’ve been very angry, which is understandable but not when it is directed toward her when she’s only trying to care for you.”
“I wish she had not talked with you about that.”  Chris muttered.
“I am not only a pastor but a counselor in the name of God, that is my job to take burden off of people’s minds by allowing them to talk out their problems.  I will do what the Lord advises me to do to help them.  Would you mind telling me why you’re so angry?  Does it go beyond the loss of your barn and chickens?”
“I don’t know..”  Chris responded.
“If you do not wish to talk with me about it, then just say so.  I’m not here to force you but I am here to help you if you have something to say.”
“I just don’t understand why this happened.”  Chris blurted out.  “I feel like I’ve been a faithful follower throughout these months and doing what I feel is right and now I feel that I’m being punished for it.  What did I do wrong?”
“First of all, it’s not wise to always do what you feel is right.  What may sound like a good idea to you may not be God’s idea for you.  You must seek the Lord and His answer before acting.  Second, what you see as a punishment from God may just be a lesson.  Nobody was seriously injured or killed in this fire, with the exception of the chickens.  Perhaps you were straying and He needed your attention.  I’m not saying that’s the answer, you can only receive that from Him.”
‘If that is what God felt He had to do to get my attention, then He must need it badly.’  Chris thought.  The thought frightened him for he couldn’t think of anything minor that God could be trying to tell him.  What could possibly happen next?

* * * * *

"It's so good to be home again."  Hanna exclaimed as she added more wood to the stove to prepare breakfast.  "I'm glad you're feeling better, Christopher." 
"I am.  I have not had a spell in quite awhile.  I'm glad your parents made it back safe and sound.  It was nice being there for that time but I did get home sick."
"It's funny how you long for a place that you've only lived in for a couple of weeks."  Hanna added.
Chris threw her a gentle smile.  "It's because this is our home."  He pushed his chair back and made his way over to his wife, wrapping his arms around her.  "I'm really sorry for my behavior after the fire.  I didn't mean to direct my frustrations out toward you."  He said looking into her eyes, then out the window to the pile of ash, back into her eyes.
"Oh, I know that.  I accept your apology and forgive you.  I was just concerned about you, that's all.  Not only for your health but for your emotions as well."
"I understand that."  he said returning to his chair.  "I've always been that way, I get into a rut and can't seem to climb out of it for a long time.  The pastor said that maybe God was trying to get my attention but now I can't figure out why He'd have to go to such extremes to do so."
"He works in mysterious ways."  Hanna replied, not turning away from the stove as she stirred the pot of oatmeal.
Chris reached his arms up in the air and let out a loud groan, stretching his arms, shoulders and back.  "I have a lot of catching up to do.  I've lost two weeks worth of work on our fields."
"Not before you have breakfast."  Hanna said, setting a bowl of porridge and a slice of buttered bread in front of him.  "Do you need a warm up on the coffee?  I have it simmering right here."
"Yes, please.  This will have to be my last cup until lunch.. I mean dinner.  I really need to get out there as early as I can and start breaking up that soil.  I feel in such a hurry."
"It won't benefit us for you to rush.  Take your time, do it well and the Lord will provide."  Hanna stated, kissing his forehead and sitting down to her breakfast.

Chris took in a deep breath and arched his back looking out to the rock hard, cracked field.  Little bits of grass stuck up here and there.  He wished that there had been some recent rain to soften the soil but he would just have to deal with what he had.  It was up to Gus and Gertie, now.
He hooked the horses up to the front of the plow.  The strange contraption he'd used over at the Browley farm the year before.  A curved blade attached to two handles for Chris to guide.  Two more long, narrow boards with straps connected to the outer sides of each horse as another leather strap connected from their harnesses to Chris which he had to hold around the back of his neck.  
The atmosphere on this early Tuesday morning was light and refreshing.  Even though the cold mornings had ceased, the heat had not quite set in, so it was near perfect weather.  The slight breeze would sweep away the beads of sweat that would soon scatter onto Chris' forehead.
"And so we begin..."  he said, clicking his tongue to signal the horses to begin walking.  Gus and Gertie were older horses and had done plowing and harrowing most of their lives.  They were no strangers to the work and led Chris through the fields rather than him leading them.
He was grateful for such obedient animals since this was the first time he was on his own, with his own field.  
Although he was alone in his work, his field was less than half the size of the Browley property, so he figured it wouldn't take him near as long to plow.  Then there was the harrowing, then of course the seeding.  The watering during the dry spells and spreading the hay in the rows for weed control.
His memory of what he learned from Mr. Browley was serving him well and he was thankful for that.
"Whoa."  Chris said loudly while pulling on the reins.  Gus and Gertie stopped immediately as Chris took off his hat to wipe his brow.  He allowed his head to drop, pushed down his shoulders and rolled his head to the left, back then to the right to work out the kinks.
The early afternoon sun beat down and the breeze dwindled.  He took another look around the field trying to not get discouraged by how much work was still ahead of him for the day.  Something suddenly caught his eye.  Something that glistened in the sunlight over on the North side of the property, just off the edge of the field.  
All he could see was one shimmering dot.  The light from it had a copper hue with beams glowing up, left and right.  It was almost as if the sun was concentrating on this one thing.  Chris couldn't contain his curiosity any longer.  He grabbed the water bucket from the other edge of the field and allowed the horses to get a drink.  A warm drink but a drink nonetheless.
Keeping his eye on the shiny object, he slowly made his way over toward it.  The closer he got, he realized that whatever it was, it was sitting on top of an old maple tree stump.  The stump was only about knee height and was about two feet in diameter.  It seemed out of place since there were no other stumps around.  Almost like it had been left there purposely.  
The glowing object never lost it’s shine even as Chris approached it.  “Money?”  he said out loud.  Indeed, a copper coin laid alone right in the middle of that stump.  The dozen rings of how old the tree had been swirled around the coin.
Chris picked it up looking it over.  “huh, a penny.”  he said with little enthusiasm.  “I’m so glad I wasted my time to come over just to find one cent.”  he scoffed then shrugged his shoulders.  Even though he was behind on his work, he welcomed the break.
Just as he was about to shove the penny into his coin pocket, he noticed what was significant about this single, little penny.  The date.
“1985?”
How could this be.  He looked around not even knowing why.  He doubted for a moment when and where he was.  He remembered celebrating New Years with the Browley family.  The new year of 1869.  Even a penny from 1885 would be odd, but 1985?
What could this mean?  Obviously this was put there for him.  Who was it from?  God?  His grandma?  What was the significance of that year?
“1985..”  he said to himself.  Like a cement truck had plowed into him, he recalled the year quite well.  It was the year that his world shattered before his very eyes.  That was the year his grandma went to Heaven, the year that his dad left him and the year his mother began drinking and neglecting him.  That was the year that he had to learn that he could depend on only one person, himself.
One of the things that he had learned since living this life in the 1800’s, that he was depending on the wrong person, so to speak.  Who he should have been depending on the whole time was his creator.  The one who made him, the one who created the Heavens and the Earth.
Perhaps that is what this penny meant.  This is why God was trying to get his attention?  “You didn’t have to burn down my barn in order for me to find a shiny penny.”  Chris said looking upward.
Another thought was that this penny was from his grandma.  She died that year.  Before she died, she promised that she’d always be with him and she had certainly kept that promise especially since he had arrived.  
Perhaps this penny is a symbol of her promise and to remind him of what she has continuously told him since his travel through time.  Of how proud she was of him.
No matter the reason, that was the one he wanted to believe.  Although he felt her around him constantly, he still missed her and longed for those ’dreams’ he had when he could feel her warmth and hear her soothing voice.
Whether it was a message from God of His longing for Chris to trust, love and depend on Him or if it was from his grandma as a divine message of her love and pride, he was grateful to have received it.
Any third option had not crossed Chris’ mind until the following week.

Chapter 22

Tuesday morning, one week to the day, almost to the exact time in which Chris had found the 1985 penny, he was out in his field.  He had finished the plowing and harrowing which was simpler than he thought with the fresh rainfall.  Now was the back breaking duty of seeding.  
He was grateful for the extended credit for the seeds from the mercantile and hoped and prayed that this harvest would be successful so that he may be able to pay the Moyors back.  Being in debt immediately after being on his own was not a good start to his new life.
This day was bright and cheery.  The sun touched everything with it's outreached beams.  A flock of sparrows flew overhead catching Chris' attention.  He followed their flight path as they came in from the East, then shot North in one swift motion.
"Oh, to be able to fly."  Chris whispered to himself.  His mind wondered off on a meandering thought of what that would be like.  To fly, to just lift off and soar where ever the wind took you.  To be able to look down among the Earth and see it's beauty and splendor from an aerial view.
He looked up to see the flock disappear behind the tree line.  A smile stretched across his lips as he turned back to his work.
At that very moment, something glistened in Chris' peripheral vision.  Chris whipped his head over to the direction he just turned from.  On that very same stump, the old maple tree stump was another shiny object.
“Another penny?”  Chris said, immediately dropping his bag of seed and quickly walking over.  He reached the stump and picked up the penny.
“1986?”
What was this one supposed to mean?  All of the scenario’s he had come up with for the 1985 penny seemed to make sense to him but this one made little to no sense.  Nothing significant happened that year except for the continued deterioration of his mom’s love and behavior toward him. 
The guess about his grandma being the gift giver seemed to float away with the breeze.  This had to be a message from God.
"I don't know what this means."  Chris said toward the sky.
He's the only one that knows what happened to me because He's the one who sent me.  He's the only one who could produce these items from the future.
"Please tell me what this means.."  he pleaded.  
Silence.  Only the rustle of some leaves and distant bird chirping.
Chris looked toward the house watching a tiny figure hanging linens on the line.  Hanna was so smart and strong in her faith.  Perhaps she could help him.  He would have to divulge the entire story to her before he could even ask for her help.  Would she even believe him?  The situation was even hard for Chris to believe, how could he expect someone else to?
He walked through the rows of mounded dirt, retrieved his seed bag and began walking back up to the tiny house.  He kept his eyes locked on Hanna as she flung the sheets over rope tied between two trees.
When he reached the yard, he called for her causing her to whip around as if he had startled her.
“What’s wrong?”  she gasped.  “it’s not dinner time already is it?  I just put the bread in the oven.”  She left her wash, lifted the bottom of her skirt as if she was preparing to bolt into the house.
“Nothing is wrong.”  Chris said holding up his hand as if to stop her with supernatural powers.  “I just wanted to talk to you.”
“It must be important if you left the fields.”  Hanna said with worry spreading across her face.  “Shall we sit out here?  I can bring out a tray of lemonade and cookies.”
“No, thank you.  I just wanted to talk to you about something and get your input on it.”  He slowly said.
“Certainly.”  Hanna clasped her hands together in front of her and waited patiently for Chris to begin.
“I.. there’s something that I... um.. never...”
Both of their heads bolted over to look in the same direction when the sound of a wagon approached.
“Pa.”  Hanna excitedly exclaimed.
Mr. Browley and Mr. Moyor stopped the wagon in front of the house and climbed down from the high bench.
“Nice to see you, Mr. Moyor.  Would you gentlemen like some coffee?  Lemonade or cookies?  I can have them ready in only a few minutes if you’d like to come in.”  Hanna graciously offered.
“That would be wonderful, Hanna.  Thank you.”  Mr. Moyor replied.  “Why don’t we all head into the house, we’re here to speak to both of you.”
After they all filed into the door, the men took a seat around the table as Hanna fetched the coffee.  Once she was seated, Mr. Moyor began.
“Chris, Hanna.  There’s nothing more I’d like to do for you both than to donate materials for another barn.  Times are not terribly tough for us right now, but supplying two barns in less than two months is more than we can handle.”
“Oh, we understand.  We didn’t expect you to furnish us with another barn.”  Chris cut in.  “We were hoping to get the supplies we needed for the project depending on the success of the crop.  I am still aware that we owe you for the credit you extended us and we are prepared to make good on that.”
“I know you are.  I’m not worried about it.”  Mr. Moyor said with a smile.  “In fact, the town has come together to figure out a quicker way to get the structure back up.  We are prepared to furnish you with the supplies but the cost of them will need to be earned.  Mr. Kinsley said that he could use some help over at his Livery and you may know by now that he also does some blacksmithing work.  I also could use some help at the mercantile.  We’re getting a shipment in next week and we surely could use some help sorting, cleaning and stacking the new merchandise.”
Chris’ eyes widened as the information overloaded him.  How could he do two jobs and keep up with his own property.  If he neglects his work at home, he cannot pay anyone back with a failed crop.  He needed a barn, though.  He couldn’t leave Gus and Gertie out in the pastor forever.  They had talked about getting more chickens and maybe a goat.  They needed a home for these animals.
“Now, we realize with the work that you have here, you certainly will not want to take both jobs.”  Mr. Moyor continued as if reading Chris’ thoughts.  “We are here to extend both opportunities and let you make your choice of one, or if you have another idea or plan, we’d love to hear it.  The town is anxious to get your barn back up.”
“That’s very kind of you.”  Chris said drifting back into his thoughts.
“Can we have both jobs if that’s what we choose?”  Hanna asked taking Chris by surprise.
“Uh, if both jobs can be handled, both Mr. Kinsley and I need the help.”  Mr. Moyor responded seeming as surprised as Chris.
Chris threw her a worried glance.  ‘What does she expect of me?’  he wondered.
“Not both jobs for Chris, of course.”  Hanna said with a slight giggle.  “I was thinking that we could pay our debt back faster if Chris could take the work with Mr. Kinsley and I could help you with the mercantile, Mr. Moyor.  That job sounds more of a woman’s, anyway.”
“That is certainly an option.  We don’t expect an answer right away.  You two discuss, pray about it and we can wait until Sunday to hear your answer.  Does that sound alright with you?”  Mr. Moyor added after receiving a concurring nod from Mr. Browley.
Chris and Hanna exchanged glances then slowly nodded in unison.
“Good, it’s settled then.  I will see you both on Sunday in church.  Ma’am, thank you for the coffee and the cookies were delicious.  Chris?”  Mr. Moyor said as he and Mr. Browley stood to leave.
“We’ll talk soon.”  Mr. Browley stated, shaking Chris’ hand and giving his daughter a kiss on the forehead.
They waved on as the wagon disappeared around the bend.  “Well, I suppose I’d better get back out there.”  Chris said turning from Hanna.
“Didn’t you want to talk?”  She asked.
“Oh, yeah.  Um... Okay, I think it’s a good idea for us both to take the jobs for just a bit to work off our debt to the town.  If we can pay off some extra then I won’t be so worried about these crops.”
“That’s fine, Chris.  We could have answered them right then and there but they are right.  We do need to pray about it and see if it is in God’s eyes to do.”
“Oh, yes.”  Chris said, but wondering of the point.  God didn’t seem to be answering any of his other questions.  “we can talk about it when dinner is ready, how long?”
“I’d say a good half hour.  I can call you in.. but..”  Hanna hesitated.  “wasn’t there something else you wanted to talk to me about?  The reason you came in from the fields in the first place?”
Chris could hardly believe it slipped his own mind.  He had lost the nerve that built up in the field and as he neared the house.  He just didn’t quite know how to get the words out.
“Oh, it was nothing.  We can talk about it later.”  Chris said trying hard to ignore the look on her face that suggested that she did not believe him.
“Call me when dinner is ready?  I’d like to get as much done as I possibly can, today.”  He gave her a firm but quick kiss, then headed back to the field with his seed bag in hand.
‘Why do I feel like this hole I’m in keeps getting deeper and deeper.  Every time it seems that I’m about to climb out, I dig it more myself.’  Chris said within his own mind.  ‘The truth is going to come out eventually, am I going to be the one to bring it out or wait until it slips out itself?’

* * * * *

" 'You are Israel's teacher," said Jesus, "and do you not understand these things?' "  Pastor Walling read aloud from John 3.  " 'I tell you the truth, we speak of what we know, and we testify to what we have seen, but still you people do not accept our testimony.  I have spoken to you of earthly things and you do not believe;  how then will you believe if I speak of heavenly things?  No one has ever gone into heaven except the one who came from heaven - The son of  Man.  Just as Moses lifted up the snake in the desert so the Son of Man must be lifted up.’ “
Pastor Walling slowly closed his Bible and seemed to stare Chris directly in the eye before continuing.  
“We say we trust in the Lord and we say that we see his miracles.  We beg for His help when we’re down but do we ever thank Him for our trials?  For the path that He’s led us on?  Do we ever thank the Lord for our pain?  It’s not a natural instinct for us to do so, but we need to remember that with pain comes knowledge and with trials comes growth.  If our good Lord provided a comfortable life, here on Earth, what would we have to look forward to?  Why would Heaven be a glorious place if we were able to have it here?”
The pastor paused, then cleared his throat.  “We must thank the Lord with every path that He leads us on even if we do not believe it’s the right one.  If God is leading you, it is the right one and you shall travel it with an obedient and happy heart.”
Chris sat up a little straighter and looked around the congregation.  He felt that the pastor was speaking directly to him as he had done before.  There was something that Pastor Franklin Walling did know and was not telling Chris.
If he was directing the sermon to Chris, what was the message?  He was happy of the path God had led him on.  He wasn’t at first, that was not a secret to anyone, but he could not have been happier.  He had a sturdy home, he would have a new barn soon, horses, a wonderful family, a beautiful wife and a town that respected and loved him.  He had his crops, his health and he was sure to thank God for that often.
‘Maybe it wasn’t often enough.’  Chris thought.  God knew what was in his heart, wasn’t that enough?  Did he have to thank Him out loud everyday?  He sent him here to find something.  He found more than he could have fathomed,  family, love, worth, himself.  What more was there?
The pastor said a prayer and the congregation stood to sing the closing hymn.  Hand in hand, Chris and Hanna made their way down the three front steps of the church.
"Chris, Hanna.."  Came a voice from behind them.  It was Mr. Moyor walking along side of Mr. Kinsley.  "I told Louis, here, about both positions possibly being filled.  Have you two made up your minds of what you'd like to do?"
"We have."  Hanna replied before Chris even had a chance to open his mouth.  
"I will take the job with Mr. Kinsley and Hanna would like to work with you in the mercantile."  Chris added.
"I need to make sure that my duties are fulfilled before mid August, however."  Hanna clarified.  "I need some time to prepare for the upcoming school year."
"That is not a problem.  I figure we can get everything squared away in only a couple of months.  We will only be requiring your services Monday through Friday.  That will give you Saturday for your work at home and, of course, Sunday is for worship and rest."  Mr. Moyor said.
"I'd be right happy to have you come work with me."  Mr. Kinsley said to Chris.  "I'd been wantin' someone to come help me fer awhile, now.. just didn't rightly know who could.  Oh, I can manage it just fine on me own but it makes fer a long day."
Chris nodded and smiled at Mr. Kinsley who smiled back showing his deteriorating teeth.  "It's my pleasure.  I've always wondered about blacksmithing and have always wanted to try it."
"It's settled then.  We will see you both in the morning.  Hanna, our doors open at 8 am, so I'll need you here at 7:30."  Mr. Moyor said, then turning to Mr. Kinsley.  "What time do you need Chris, Louis?"  
"I say 7:30 am is jus fine."  He replied.
"See you two in the morning."  Mr. Moyor said with a grin.  He nodded to both Chris and Hanna and joined his wife.
"Do you think we waited long enough to hear God's answer to whether or not we should take these jobs?"  Hanna asked on the way home.
"Do you feel that we should not?"  Chris asked with concern.
"It's not that.  I was just thinking about what pastor Walling was talking about today.  About allowing God to lead your path and doing it with an obedient and happy heart.  I will do the work with a happy heart, but I just want to make sure I'm being obedient to His plan for me.  I know we prayed about it but I am still unsure."
"I think we're doing the right thing.  We need a home for our animals and this seems to be the only way to accomplish that before the fall.  If it's not what God wants for us, I'm sure He will let us know.  He has plenty of ways to strike us down if we're disobedient."
"What a thing to say, Christopher.  God's intention is not to strike us down.  He wants to build us up."  Hanna said with a scoff.
"I feel like with the tornado, blizzard, the fire and the penn..."   Chris stopped himself.  ".. that God needs extreme measures to get my attention.  I just don't know why.  I do understand in the beginning when I was closed off but I feel my heart is open now."
"I suppose what we feel and what God sees are two different things.  Not everything we experience is from the Lord, it could be an attack from the other side, too.  When that happens, it's God that lends us His hand."  
"That's how I felt with the blizzard, actually."  Chris recalled, shivering even though the late morning was warm and stifling. 
Hanna’s thoughts of the pastor’s sermon were not hers alone.  The words echoed through Chris’ brain.  He just couldn’t help but to feel that he was missing something from it.  That it was a giant jigsaw puzzle that he had to fit together.  
Did the pennies have something to do with God’s plan for him?

Chapter 23

“Glad to see ya, son.”  Mr. Kinsley exclaimed when Chris arrived the next morning.
He and Hanna had gotten up bright and early.  Hanna prepared breakfast while Chris made sure Gus and Gertie were fed.  Then they walked into town together.
It was nice to have that time of uninterrupted talk.  They, surprisingly, still had so much about one another they did not know.  The simple little details that formed the personality within someone.
Hanna spoke of their rabbits they used to have and how much the family loved them.  They had gotten the rabbits to breed, raise then process for meat.  The two original rabbits, Gus and Gertie, as Priscilla had named them, became family favorites and their lives were spared as they became pets.
Chris never had any pets growing up but had always wished for them.  Someone or anything that would snuggle with him and love him unconditionally.  His mother never allowed it claiming they could not afford such a responsibility.  If only she had paid more attention to Chris, he would not have longed for a pet so much.  All he really wanted was her.  His mother.
Hanna’s expression had always grown solemn when Chris mentioned his childhood.  Ever since Chris had mentioned the abuse he endured.  Both physically and emotionally.  “I just can’t imagine having parents that will not pay any attention to you, not show any affection or even... beat you.”  Hanna choked on the last words.  At times, Chris would stop talking about it when he’d see tears well up in her eyes.
“It’s no matter, now.”  He’d tell her.  “I have you and your family.  You are my family now and I am home where ever you are.  With you as my children’s mother, I will never worry that my children will suffer the same fate.”  
That seemed to dry her eyes and curl a smile onto her face.
After Chris gave her a light kiss, he watched her step up the two steps into the mercantile.  Since they were not open, yet, she had to tap lightly on the door and wait for it to be opened.  While she waited for that few seconds, she turned to Chris, her eyes dancing and sparkling as if to whisper ‘I love you.’  
Chris walked the quarter mile down the dusty main street to the livery.  The last building on the right.  
“So what am I going to learn to do today?”  Chris asked after Mr. Kinsley greeted him.
“Well, I don’t recall you ever bein in here, so I’ll start ya with a tour.”  He turned and walked motioning for Chris to follow him.  “This half of the building is my livery or boardin’ stable.  Most of the folk that live here in town keep their horses here.  The pastor keeps his one horse buggy and mare here and Ms. Rougen used to as well.  We also get folk that travel through here and drop off their horses while they stay at the boardin’ house.  I have a small ledger in me office to sign the animal and wagon in and for a signature.  The ledger also tells what the fees are.  Besides the mornin’ and evenin’ feeding, we don’t deal too much on this side unless we get a customer.  Most of the town people come down and take care of their horses, brushin’, gettin them out fer some exercise and such.  I do clean up the stables every night, though, so that‘ll be yer job before you head on home.”
Chris nodded in agreement even though he wanted to wrinkle his nose.  What a way to end a day.  He had to do that at home, when he had his barn at least but he only had to clean up after two horses.  He was anxious to get to the other side of the building to find out how to do blacksmith work.  He’d seen it done on movies and TV and it always looked fascinating.  Being able to heat up metal until it glowed, then beating it with a hammer.  ‘What a great stress reliever’ Chris thought.
“Let me show you my office and around the ledger, then we’ll head to the shop.”  Mr. Kinsley said, perhaps seeing Chris’ enthusiasm about the blacksmithing.
Mr. Kinsley’s office was merely a board nailed onto some seahorses and a crate for a chair.  The ledger he spoke of was laying open on the edge of the desk next to an ink well and quill pen.  The entire room reeked of kerosene and tobacco smoke.
After a brief explanation of the book, Mr. Kinsley finally led Chris to the large, dark and very warm side of the building.  A large oven looking contraption dominated the room.  It was mostly constructed by layered bricks as black soot flowed out of the large opening.  An iron door looking too heavy to comprehend as it struggled to stay on the hinges.  Next to the oven was a large box of coal with a shovel leaned up against it’s side.  Another large box held chunks of something Chris could not identify.  In the middle of the room stood a large tree stump table with an anvil on top weighing it down.  Sitting on the stump along side the anvil were a pair of thick gloves, a long, heavy looking pair of tongs and a large hammer.  A barrel of water sat along side the stump.  The opposite wall held a long counter top, piled with hammer heads, plow heads, knife blades and horseshoes.  
It reminded Chris of some scene out of a horror movie but the splendor of the fact that one person had created these items with only his two hands was more significant to Chris.
“This is what I’m talking about.”  Chris said out loud but in a whisper.
“Yep, this is the blacksmithin’ shop.”  Mr. Kinsley answered proving that there was nothing wrong with his hearing.  “You know anything about blacksmithin’?”  He asked.
“I know the basics, I guess.”  Chris answered.  “Just from what I’ve seen on TV.. er, I mean.. ummm...  Don’t you just heat up the metal and pound it into a shape with the hammer?”
Mr. Kinsley let out a loud, short blast of laughter.  “Well, I suppose that’s the gist of it but there’s a little more to it.  Wer gonna start, today with these, here, ore’s.”  He pointed to the second box with the unidentified chunks in it.
“The what?”  Chris wrinkled his brow.
“I start from scratch, here, son.  I get them ore’s from Branson, I mean they’re delivered here from Branson.  Ther like a rock that have the metal minerals in ‘em.  We’s need to get the oxygen out of ‘em to leave the metal.  That theres called smelting.  When we got the steel, then we can forge it into anythin' that needs to be made.  I make some farm equipment and tools but I mostly jus make horseshoes for the folk, here in Coar.”
Chris’ head swelled up as he tried to comprehend everything that Mr. Kinsley was trying to explain to him.  So many words that he’d never heard of when it came to blacksmithing and even the process of smelting was completely foreign to him.  He was ready to try, though.  “What’s first.”  He said anxiously.
“Well, first is first.”  Mr. Kinsley replied.  “We’s need to get that oven as hot as we possibly can.  Go ahead and start shovelin’ them coals into it.”
Chris obediently did as he was told trying to remember to lift the heavy shovel with his legs and not with his back.  He knew he wouldn’t last the week if he threw out his back.  
“What we call roasting is when we get that sulfur out leavin’ the oxide and that can be directly reduced.  Then we’s got the reduction which is the high temp part of the smelting, then we move on to fluxes.”
“Where did you learn how to do this?”  Chris asked Mr. Kinsley, astonished with the fact that this was the most he’d ever heard this man speak.  He seemed to know the process by the back of his hand, as if he could do it in his sleep.
“Oh, I’s grew up with it.  My pappy did it, my grandpappy did it and so on and so forth.  It’s been passed down generations.  The know-how anyways.  My brother decided to go off to school in Chicago instead of stayin’ here and helpin’.  He’s talked of comin’ back though.”
“I didn’t know you had a brother.”  Chris said astounded but didn’t know why or how he’d know that.  He really didn’t take a lot of time to get to know Mr. Kinsley personally.
“Yes, sir.. Lincoln.  He’s my baby brother.  Almost 15 years my junior.  He run off after pappy died and went to some fancy college and became an attorney.  He’s since gotten married and had two sons.  Lincoln Jr. is.. um lets see..”  Mr. Kinsley scratched his dirty beard.  “.. he’s goin on 14 and the young sprig, which they names Louis after me is gonna be 9 here soon, if he aint already.”
“Why would they move back here if he’s a successful lawyer?”  Chris asked wondering if he was prying too much.
“Oh, his wife is a country girl, he is too at heart.  They thought of movin back and tryin' a hand at farmin’ and for a little peace, I’m guessin’.  I think they just worry about me, my health aint that great.  I suppose they could give it a whirl and if it don’t work out, he’s still sittin’ on that college degree.  They could go anywhere.”
“Whew, college.  I would have been happy just to finish high school.”  Chris revealed waiting for the endless sea of questions.
“Oh, I hear ya son.  I’s never got through the 5th grade.”  Mr. Kinsley replied.  “I started workin’ at the age of ten.  Had to help my pappy with the farmin‘.  It seemed I’d be able to go back some years later but then little Lincoln was born, so my ma and pa needed me to help keep food on the table for the lot of us.  You quit school to work?”
“Pretty much.”  Chris replied, the gang certainly demanded a lot of his attention and services to steal for them.  Was that considered work?  Looking back, it was such a foolish thing to quit school over.  Oh, to be able to just go back and do it right.  Chris bit his tongue at that thought.  He’d give anything to NOT go back.  A time of his life he’d rather forget, not re-live.
The afternoon passed by quickly.  At the end of the first day, Chris had mastered the smelting.  He was unable to begin the actual forging since Mr. Kinsley preferred he take only one step at a time.  As promised, however, Chris was to clean out all of the stalls in the livery before heading out to pick up Hanna.  He made sure he quickly got through the duty but thoroughly, being careful not to leave sloppy work.  He was longing to see his wife.  They had not been separated this long since the day they were married.
It was like Heaven was shining down on him when he saw her behind the counter as he entered the mercantile.  Even with her tired, weary eyes, she was a lovely vision.
Making his way through one of the two isles, careful not to knock over any of the kerosene lamps and wishing he’d walked on the side with the rolls of fabric, he finally reached the front counter.
“Well, hello sir.  May I help you?”  She said with a wink.
“Yes, I’d like to take my wife home now, have some dinner and sink into a hot bath.  Can that be arranged, young lady?”  he stated jokingly with a wink in return.
“Oh, I think so.  Let me just tell Mr. Moyor I’m leaving.”  she turned to her left and walked into a small storage room.
Chris looked around taking in the products filling the store.  The size was a fraction of the store that he and Mr. Browley had visited in Shorlin but seemed to carry the same necessities.  They had a small selection of fabric.  Mostly the heavy, farmer clothing type of fabric.  Not a lot of impractical yardage, as Mrs. Browley would call it, but enough if someone wanted to make a nice dress or a set of curtains.  They had a few kerosene lamps, some cooking pots and utensils.  Chris looked upon a table that held some toys.  A fire truck, some corn husk dolls and one expensive looking china faced doll.  Hanging on the wall were some feather dusters and brooms if somebody did not want to make their own.  Behind the counter were all of the dry goods.  Flour, sugar, cornmeal, coffee, tea, tobacco along with some molasses and wheel of hard cheese.  Laying open on the counter was a catalog from a supplier in Branson if you needed a new stove or any other item, large or small that they did not regularly carry in the store.
“Ready.”  Hanna said, walking out with her reticule.
They seemed to walk home at a snails pace.  “How was your day?”  Chris finally asked realizing they had walked almost half way home in silence.
“Oh, it was fine.  I should have thought before I spoke when I said this sounded more like woman’s work.  I’ve never lifted so many things in my life.  Lugging in wood for the stove everyday seems like small potatoes, compared.”
“I hope they’re not working you too hard.”  Chris stated with concern.
“Oh, no.  Mr. Moyor said this was a one time thing for me.  It was due to that shipment of merchandise he spoke to us about.  It only comes in every three months, so I will not have to endure another.  School would have started by then and I will be with my kids again.”
Just her saying that spread a smile across her face.  Chris could see how much she loved being a teacher.  She loved engraining knowledge into their little, impressionable minds.  She loved spending the day with them and most of the children were younger siblings of the people she grew up with.  She knew and loved them all. 
“He also wants to utilize my time there and get everything down, dusted and scrubbed.  It’s something they strive to do once a month but have not been able to since the beginning of summer.  That’s what I am to begin working on first thing in the morning all the while keeping an eye on customers.”  
“What are Mr. and Mrs. Moyor doing while you run around like a headless chicken?”  Chris asked hearing the snide in his own voice.
“Oh, don’t get me wrong, they’re not kicking back with a glass of lemonade lashing a whip at me.  It’s all a part of the learning process.  Mr. Moyor will be spending a few days taking inventory of the new items that came in and to keep track of what is selling or not for his next order.  Mrs. Moyor is still in charge of keeping house and cooking the meals.  She helps me watch for customers but she prefers I practice keeping my attention on multiple things incase she has to ever leave me to tend the store alone.”
“I see.”  Chris said instantly regretting his question.
“What sounds good for supper?”  Hanna asked, changing the subject.
“Oh, anything will be fine.  I need to head out and tend to the horses, I’d like to check on the crop, then I’ll be in.  I realize it’s not bath day but do you think we can make an exception?  I am covered in sweat and soot.”
“I think I can handle making you a shallow bath just for today.  We still have some stew rabbit left if you do not mind having that again.  I will whip up some biscuits as well and pop those into the oven.”  Hanna replied.
“That sounds wonderful.”  Chris said, brushing his hand across her back.
They reached the farm, Hanna going straight into the house and Chris heading out to check on the horses.  He wanted to look upon the crops first to see how the tiny sprouts were doing.  All seemed well until he looked over toward the stump.  
‘The other two pennies arrived on Tuesdays, will I get another tomorrow?’  He wondered.

It took all they had within themselves not to drop face first into their stew.  “I don’t remember the last time I’ve been this tired.”  Chris exclaimed.
“Oh, I never asked you how your day went.”  Hanna said, piping up a bit.
“It went fine.  It was actually very informative and interesting.  I never knew so much goes into blacksmithing.  Mr. Kinsley is an interesting fellow, as well.  I didn’t realize how much about him I didn’t know.”  Chris replied.  “Did you know he had a brother who practices law in Chicago?”
“Hmm, Lincoln is it?”  Hanna said curling her face to one side in thought.  “I’ve heard him mention him a couple of times.  I do believe he came to visit Mr. Kinsley several years ago, when I was just a girl. I only saw him in passing in church.  We were never formally introduced.”
“He talked a bit about him today.  He sure knows what he’s doing around that blacksmith shop, though.  He was rattling out words I’ve never heard of before.  He knows the process left and right.  It was actually quite impressive.”
“I should say it is.  He has been doing it almost his entire life and I can tell he enjoys it.  The pride that goes into his work, as well, makes it of better quality.  Ma and pa get their horseshoes from him and they’re always happy with his work.  I believe pa’s plow came from Mr. Kinsley, as well and it’s held up for years.  I’m glad you had a good day.”
“And I’m glad you did.”  Chris said returning the gesture.  “I’m also grateful this is temporary.  Could you imagine keeping these two jobs, plus teaching, plus taking care of the home, farm and animals.  It would wear a man straight into his grave.”
“Whew, it’s hard to think about.  No sense in overworking our minds with something that probably will not happen.  We’ll work off our debt, build a wonderful barn, then I can begin teaching in the fall while you harvest the wheat.  Back to normal.”  Hanna threw him a smile as she got up from her seat, clearing the dishes from the table.
“I don’t know how normal that would be.  I’ve never done a harvest by myself.”  Chris said with a lack of confidence in his voice.
“You had never plowed, harrowed or seeded by yourself either and you did a fine job of it.”  Hanna stated with a tone of pride.
“I suppose you’re right.”  He smiled.  “I shouldn’t fret about it.”
Hanna placed the dishes into the first basin of the dry sink, then hurried over to the stove to check the large pot filled with water.  She tapped the side quickly to test the temperature, then dipped her finger in to double check.  Her shaking her hand back and forth, blowing on her index finger proved that the water was hot enough to be added to the tub already half filled with cool water.
“I will get this pot of water into the tub for you.  You can soak for a bit while I wash up these dishes, then I suppose you wouldn’t be opposed to heading to bed a bit early tonight.”
“Not at all.”  Chris exclaimed.  “Not at all.”

Chapter 24

Chris stepped out onto the porch to take in a fresh breath.  The hot, stifling, early July air would not allow it, however.  It was so thick, it was hard to inhale deeply.
"What a day to have to go work the blacksmith shop."  Chris complained as he walked back into the house.
"I thought you were enjoying it."  Hanna responded.  "You've been working there for over a month, you should be used to it by now."
"It's not that, it's just so hot today.  The sun is barely up and I'm in a sweat."  Chris said.
"Well, it's got to be better outside than it is in here with this stove going.  It would have made more sense to just spread jam over bread on a morning like this.  The porridge should be ready in a few moments, but you have time to go tend the horses, goat and chickens.”  She said giving her husband a slight but weary smile.
Chris knew he had to go out and feed the animals but he wanted his priority to be to stay away from the field.  It was Tuesday after all and he’d grown to learn that every Tuesday, a new penny was going to show up.  
He still had no idea what they meant but they were beginning to feel like a curse rather than a gift or a blessing.  He was so unsettled with the five he’d found so far, he couldn’t bare to find anymore without knowing what he was supposed to be doing with them.
Chris stopped halfway from the house and looked up at his glorious new barn.  The people of the town had outdone themselves on this project, putting the structure up in one weekend.  The debt was only half fulfilled but there it stood, in all it’s glory.  
Mr. Moyor was adamant about it going up as soon as possible as he felt bad for the horses and knew how much they, and the other animals Chris and Hanna dreamed of having, needed a home.
It was a replica of the old barn but build almost 20 feet longer incase they wanted to get some cows, later in time.
At that moment, however, Gus and Gertie were snug in their pen and they were able to get some new chickens and a goat.  Another blessing bestowed upon them.  Now they were able to have milk, cream and cheese along with their eggs.
Knowing he only had a few minutes until breakfast was ready, he hurried through his chores, letting the animals out into their pens and throwing hay and grain for them to munch on throughout the day.  He made sure their water troughs were filled and even spent a moment with each of the horses, petting their long manes.
As he made his way out the back door to retrieve the grain bucket, a light blinded him.  Without even thinking, he turned to the North edge of the field.
A copper beam shined up and out in every direction from the edge of the field.  Near but probably on that old maple stump.  Just where and on this same day of the week, Chris had found the 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988 and 1989 pennies.  They were going in order, but why?
Chris ignored the shine for he knew exactly what it was but refused to accept the message, gift, curse, blessing... whatever those pennies meant.
He forcefully grabbed the grain bucket and brought it into the barn, whipping it into the corner.
“I have to calm down before I go back in or Hanna will have some questions.”  Chris said to himself while taking deep breaths.  “but why are you doing this to me, God?  I get it!  You’ve got my attention!  Now tell me what these things mean.  Please!  Shout in my face if you have to.”
Chris closed his eyes and opened his ears.  “Baaa..aaa..”  was all he heard.  Their goat, Trudy, came up and nudged him right in the rear, pushing him forward.
“Ugh!”  Chris said throwing his hands up in the air.
He returned to the house taking such deep breaths on the way that he was beginning to feel woozy.  He walked in and took his place at the table.  Hanna promptly served him his porridge along with a piece of bread with jam on it.
“You decided on the bread and jam anyway, huh?”  Chris said with a smile and teasing chuckle. 
“As soon as I mentioned it, I couldn’t get it out of my head.  I have not been able to get enough jam lately, I’m sure glad it’s the time of year for picking and canning or I’d run us dry.”  Hanna exclaimed, licking some blackberry jam from her fingers.

The heat from the oven at the blacksmith shop was almost more than Chris could handle.  The sweat poured from him faster than he could wipe it away.  Mr. Kinsley forced him to take many breaks, sitting outside behind the building, close to the water barrel.
“Gotta keep yerself hydrated.  I’ve had many spells ‘cause it was so hot in there.  Dries ya right out.”
Although Chris enjoyed heating the metal that he was now a pro at smelting out of the ore’s, banging them into shape with a giant hammer and hearing it sizzle wildly in the water bucket, he was relieved to finally be able to clean the stalls.  Not that the air was much cooler in there but it wasn’t the raging heat that poured from the oven.
It seemed to take him a bit longer than usual to finish scooping, shoveling, then it was time to fork out the fresh hay.  ‘I hope Hanna is not sitting at the mercantile waiting for me.’  He thought realizing his tardiness from picking her up.  ‘I’m sure if she was in a hurry she’d come down to me.  Knowing her, though, she’ll keep working until the end of the day.’
Chris smiled at himself at the comment.  That was Hanna alright.  So kind and generous.  Not a selfish bone in her body.  She hardly ever complained and was able to find the light in most situations.  It was her personality, her upbringing and of course her faith.
Chris felt his faith struggling a bit as every instinct he had, he seemed to be rebelling against.  He wanted to trust God and he wanted to whole heartedly and obediently follow the Lord but his frustration about not receiving any answers about those pennies seemed to deteriorate his passion.  
It had been a month and a half since they began arriving.  Chris had made many requests and pleaded for an explanation and nothing.  God seemed to be having fun with him.  He couldn’t think of any other possibility, or he just didn’t want to admit any other possibility.  The only other explanation was just too painful to comprehend.  
His thoughts tried to block out what was fighting it’s way in.  ‘What if... what if it means....’
“CHRIS!”  he heard a shout from the large front door.  “CHRIS!  COME QUICK.. HANNA'S COLLAPSED!”
“What happened?”  Chris shouted as he and Mr. Moyor ran down the main road, kicking up a cloud of dust behind them.
“She began to look a little pale and gaunt earlier and I urged her to take it easy but she insisted on continuing her duties.”  Mr. Moyor began gasping on his words trying to catch his breath.  “She was rolling and stacking the last of the fabric when she turned to me.  The look in her eyes was of something I couldn’t even describe.  Almost painfully pleading to me.  I asked her if she was alright the very moment her eyes rolled back and... I tried to catch her Chris, but I didn’t make it in time.  She may have hit her head.”
They made it to the mercantile in record time.  Chris jumped over all the steps leading up to the door and went crashing through.  "Where is she?"
"The missus took her into the back."  Mr. Moyor exclaimed leading the way.
Chris bolted through the back door into a small parlor seeing Hanna laying across a small sofa.  She seemed conscious but groggy.  He rushed to her side, banging his knees onto the floor.
“Hanna?  Hanna.”  He tried hard to whisper so he would not startle her.
“I’m ok.”  she said in a weak voice.  “I suppose the heat just got to me.  I’ll be fine.”
“I’ll go hook up the horses and we’ll give you both a ride home.”  Mr. Moyor graciously offered.
Chris nodded then turned back to Hanna.  “Are you sure you’re ok?”  
“I should be fine once we get home.  I just need some water.  My stomach is terribly upset.”  she answered.
“Maybe all of that jam wasn’t such a good idea after all.”  Chris said jokingly but concern still dominated his voice.
Hanna let out a breath trying to laugh at Chris’ joke but it seemed too much for her.
“You just go home and get some rest.  Chris, you should wet down some towels and try to keep her cool while she’s lying down.”  Mrs. Moyor suggested.  “You don’t worry about coming in tomorrow dear.”
“Oh, I couldn’t miss work just because of a spell.  I’ll be fine.”  Hanna stated trying to sit up.
“You just listen to Mrs. Moyor and use tomorrow to rest.  Perhaps I can get your mother or Priscilla to come and sit with you while I’m at work.”  Chris said as his eyes grew wide.  “Mr. Kinsley.  He doesn’t even know I left or why, I wasn’t even done throwing hay, yet.  Oh, he’s going to be furious with me.”
“Don’t you worry about that, Chris.  When Mr. Moyor takes you both home, I’ll go down and talk with Mr. Kinsley.  He will understand.”  Mrs. Moyor said in a calm voice.  “You just concentrate on taking care of her.  Heat stroke most likely.”

The bumpy ride seemed hard on Hanna.  She kept holding her hand up to her mouth and leaning over the side.  She would just heave a few times then sit back up.
“Have you eaten since breakfast?”  Chris asked.
Hanna shook her head, then put her hand up to her mouth again, puffing out her cheeks.  She let out a long, drawn out breath, then sat back again.
“Would you like to sit up in the rocking chair or go to bed?”  Chris asked holding her arm, helping her up the porch steps.
“I think.. I.. just want to go.. to bed.”  she said, sounding labored.
Chris laid her down, careful to only put a sheet over her.  He stroked her hair back from her forehead, kissed her lightly, then exited the room.  He tried to not worry for her but his first instinct was to ride straight through to Shorlin to fetch Dr. Blake.  
The realization of how Hanna acted toward him after the fire hit him.  How awful he’d been toward her when she suggested calling for the doctor.  She must have felt just as he was feeling at that moment.  She may have had more cause to worry.  Hopefully she only has a slight bug or a touch of heat stroke.  She should be fine.
“Chris..”  a weak voice came from the bedroom.  “I need help.”
Chris leapt up from his rocker and bolted into the room.  Hanna was bent over the side of the bed.  “I need a pot or something and a glass of water.”  she said through her heaves.
Chris ran to get the items she needed, then scurried back into the room.  “Shall I go get the doctor?”  He asked hesitantly.  
“No, I’ll be fine.  I think Mrs. Moyor was correct about the heat.  I guess it was affecting me more than I realized.  My stomach, though.  It’s really upset.  If I’d had anything for dinner, it would not be with me any more.  I’m just going to lay back down for a while.  Thank you dear.”  She said reaching up for his face but not quite reaching it.  She laid back and closed her eyes.
Chris sat with her until she fell asleep.  ‘I should go get more chores done, quickly, before she wakes up and needs me again.’  He thought, hoping that this sleep would be all she needed.
He tip toed out the door, gently closing it behind him.  
The air outside was still thick.  The heat may have been tolerable without such humidity.  He rounded the barn and headed to the pen in the back, checking the horses water trough.  It was near empty.  They had either been working hard to stay hydrated or it had evaporated since this morning.  Neither would have surprised him.
He carried bucket after bucket from the well to the trough making sure it was topped off.  As he poured the last of the final bucket, the gleam from the field once again caught his attention.
Chris, for a moment, had actually forgotten that he purposely ignored that morning’s penny.  His stomach sank at the thought that his disobedience could be why Hanna was so ill.
“I don’t understand why God would take out His disappointment in me on Hanna.  She’s done nothing wrong.”  He said aloud.  “That’s not the God I know.”
The wonder still hung heavy around him.  He needed to go get that penny.  Maybe, just maybe.. the date will be different.  A date from this time or perhaps they will start going backwards.  He feared why the dates were inching up toward the date he had left that cruel world.
He trudged across the field being careful not to step on any of the wheat that was flourishing beautifully.  He reached the stump, closed his eyes and reached out.  It was as if his hand was guided, knowing right where to go for he didn’t have to search, his fingers landed right on the hot coin.  He picked it up and wedged open one eye.
“1990!”  He let out a long breath.  “They’re still going up!”  He was refusing to believe the possibility of what kept entering his mind.  Perhaps it was stuck in his brain because that was God’s answer but it was not Chris’ answer and he did not want to believe God would do that to him.
Just the thought of it, made Chris’ eyes well up.  He squeezed them shut allowing a single tear to flow down his cheek.
He shoved the penny into his coin pocket and turned to head back to the house.  He exited the field, walked past the barn and up to the porch.  “Chris.”  he heard behind him.  He turned to see Mrs. Browley walking up the road.
“Oh, I didn’t even see you.  I must be in my own little world.”  Chris exclaimed almost feeling embarrassed.
“That’s ok.  I just came to see my Hanna.  How is she doing?”
Chris threw her a confused look wondering how she already knew what happened.  Coar is a small place, though, news travels fast.  A thought that Chris never would have imagined he would think... Coar, a small place?
“Rebecca stopped by.  She told me what had happened.  She also wanted me to tell you that she spoke with Mr. Kinsley.  He was fine with you leaving and said that you should spend tomorrow at home with your wife.  I’m not sure why you were worried about him, he’s a good man and he’s always had a soft spot for Hanna.  He’s concerned for her as well.”
Chris nodded with thankfulness toward his mother in law.  “Mrs. Moyor thinks she may have a bit of heat stroke.”  he said to her.
“Oh, that could be.”  Mrs. Browley stated.  “or it could be what I think it may be.”  She winked at Chris then walked up the steps, into the house.
‘What on Earth could she think it could be?’  Chris thought with worry, once again, plaguing his mind.  He had convinced himself that it was just the heat or not eating a proper dinner or over exhaustion.  Things that can be cured by a lot of fluids and plenty of rest.  Obviously, Mrs. Browley felt the need to rush over.  What could be wrong with his love?
Chris walked back into the house.  The bedroom door was closed and he could hear the two women talking inside but couldn’t make out what was being said.
He walked over toward the kitchen area, bent down and opened a small cupboard door.  Reaching far into the back, he pulled out a small wooden tobacco box, carefully opening the lid.  He reached down into his pocket and pulled out the 1990 penny placing it in the box with the others.  The compass he received as a birthday gift from Ms. Rougen was wrapped in the cloth and the original thing to go into the box.
“God is always your compass but this is a symbol of that guidance.”  He recalled Ms. Rougen saying to him as she gave him the gift. 
‘What kind of guidance are you giving me now?’  Chris thought again.  ‘Is in coincidental that these pennies are being placed next to my symbol of God’s guidance.  Are you trying to lead me somewhere?  Please tell me so that I may prepare.’  He pleaded once more.
He closed the small box and shoved it into the back of the cupboard.  He didn’t have the box hidden until he started putting the pennies from the future into it.  He wanted to tell Hanna what was going on but the same fears he’d had throughout the year had always stopped him.  He didn’t want to look crazy.  He didn’t want her to be upset with him, for thinking he was lying to her.  Even if she believed him, she may be angry with his discretion or how she might see it, his deception.  
Just as he closed the cupboard door, the bedroom door opened.  Mrs. Browley stepped out.  A strange expression on her face.
“Is everything ok?”  Chris asked not knowing if he wanted the answer.
“It’s just what I figured it would be.”  she said almost solemnly.
Chris’ stomach tightened, his mind jumbled.  What could it be?  Should I worry about losing her?  Should I go jump onto Gus and ride the night through to go fetch the doctor?  Should I take her into Shorlin to the hospital?
A panic almost consumed him until Mrs. Browley crossed the floor, touched his shoulder and spread a huge smile across her face.
“Christopher, my son.  Hanna is with child.”

Chapter 25

"Another congratulations to both Hanna and Chris."  Pastor Walling stated after the morning announcements.  He nodded to the couple, smiling at Hanna then looking a bit sad when connecting eyes with Chris.
Hanna was reluctant if not adamantly against telling the people of the town their news.  She felt as though it was only recently confirmed of her being with child, when her belly had begun filling out slightly.
"A woman doesn't speak of such things."  She said to Chris one night.
"It's such joyous news, why wouldn't you want to shout it through the roof tops?"  Chris asked.
"I am over ecstatic about being with child, don't get me wrong, but it's not proper to talk about."
Hanna felt as though there were a few people buzzing about it already.  She was now more than a couple months along and even though she barely showed, her symptoms were difficult to hide.
"People usually only find out of a pregnancy when the woman begins to show.  It’s not something shouted about.”  Hanna said.
When Mrs. Browley asked the couple if she could request that the pastor make the announcement Sunday morning, Chris nodded quickly as Hanna was more reserved about it.  “I suppose.”  she hesitantly replied.
“These are our neighbors and friends.”  Mrs. Browley gave her daughter a wink.  “It will be fine, my dear.”
The congregation sang their carefully selected hymns and after a few requests and morning prayers, they settled into the pews.
"Now let us prepare our hearts to worship and praise our Lord."  The pastor proclaimed to the congregation.  Everyone bowed their heads and the room fell silent.  The piano began with a quiet, soft tune.
"Amen."  the pastor said.  "We will begin our journey today in Isaiah.  Please turn with me to chapter 55 beginning with verse 8."  
The pastor waited for whoever had their Bibles with them to find the passage, cleared his throat and began reading aloud.
"For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways," declares the Lord.  "As the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts.  As the rain and the snow come down from heaven, and do not return to it without watering the earth and making it bud and flourish, so that it yields seed for the sower and bread for the eater, so is my word that goes out from my mouth:  It will not return to me empty, but will accomplish what I desire and achieve the purpose for which I sent it."
The pastor paused, glanced quickly to Chris, cleared his throat and continued.
"You will go out in joy and be led forth in peace;  the mountains and hills will burst into song before you and all the trees of the field will clap their hands.  Instead of the thornbush will grow the pine tree, and instead of the briers the myrtle will grow.  This will be for the Lord's renown, for an everlasting sign, which will not be destroyed."
Chris’ heart sank.  He knew exactly who this sermon was for, him.  He knew what the pennies were for.  He knew even before he found the 1991, 1992, 1993 and 1994 coins.  It didn’t take a genius to figure out that 1995 would appear in two days.
He had to stop running and hiding from it, something was going to happen and he needed help.  Of course God’s help was a necessity but Chris felt he needed some guidance from a body, here on Earth.  He had never confronted the pastor about his comment on Chris’ wedding day and lately, the pastor had been acting differently toward him.  All of the sad, solemn looks and these sermons, the sermons that he spoke as if directly to Chris.  It was time to find out just what he knew.
“Pastor Walling.”  Chris hesitantly said approaching him after the service.  “Would it be alright if I met and talked with you?”
“Of course, Chris.  I’ve actually been waiting for you to ask.”  He replied, ignoring Chris’ confused expression.  “Let me see the last of these people off and we can talk in the church.  Will that work for you?”
“Yes, I will have Hanna ride home with her folks.”  Chris replied still confused by yet another comment from the pastor that didn’t make any sense.
Once everyone made their way home, Chris and pastor Walling sat in the front pew of the church.
“You almost seem like you know why I’m here.”  Chris began bluntly.
“I will wait for you to begin before I say anything.”  The pastor said.  ‘Another odd comment’ Chris thought.
“Let me begin with a question, if that’s alright.”  Chris said, continuing after the pastor nodded.  “The comment you made to me at the dance celebrating our wedding.  About me adjusting well especially not being from this time.  That comment has been weighing on me ever since.  What did you mean by that?”  Chris sucked in a breath waiting for the reply.
“I meant it exactly how it sounded.  From what time do you join us from, Chris?”
“How do you know?”  Chris asked still wondering if they were on the same page.
“I never knew time travel was possible until I met you.  You seemed of a different time.  Your clothes, your speech, your demeanor and attitude.  It was nothing I’d experienced before.  At first when the hair-brained idea came to my head, I figured it must have been the future.  I, of course, doubted it until I experienced a dream shortly before your wedding.  It was as if it was God, himself, coming to me for me to help you.  It was my instruction to not help you, however, until you came to me.  I’ve been waiting for you.  Trying to nudge you with the sermons.”
“I almost figured that.”  Chris said, still astonished and trying to fit together everything the pastor had just told him.
“Something has been happening to you the last several weeks, hasn’t it?”  The pastor continued.
Chris’ eyes popped up to meet his.  His worried expression must have been apparent.  “What is it?”  the pastor asked.
Chris straightened his body slightly, reached into his pocket and pulled out the copper colored coin.  He handed it to pastor Walling.
“A penny.”  he replied. 
“Look at the date.”  Chris stated pointing to the bottom, right side of the coin.
“1994?”  The pastor seemed surprised but not overly.  “Is that when you are from?”
“Kind of.  I was born in 1979 and it was the year 1998 when I left to come here.  I am actually from Coar, 130 years in the future.  I have been wanting to tell someone for so long, you have no idea what a relief it is to get it off my chest.”
“Hanna doesn’t even know?”  The pastor asked in astonishment.  
“Nobody knows...”  Chris said hanging his head.  “I didn’t want anyone to think I was crazy, then it had gone on for so long, I didn’t want anyone to think I’d been lying or deceiving them.  I have been stuck within this for so long.  After everything I’d been searching my whole life for was found here, I stopped fighting it and longed to stay.  Now these pennies have been showing up, on the same day of the week, in the same spot of my field for over 3 months, now.  I think I know what they mean but I can’t accept that.”
“What do you think they mean?”  the pastor asked as if he already knew the answer.
“I.. think they may be a warning... of my... return.”  Chris barely got through the sentence without having to cover his face with his hand.  “I don’t want to go back, pastor.  I have found my life, here.  What am I going to do without it?  Without Hanna, without my baby?”
“God has a plan for you, Chris.  He knows what He is doing.  That went hand in hand with the sermon about trusting Him and allowing Him to lead you with an obedient and happy heart.”  
“Why would God send me here to find everything I’d always searched for just to tear it away from me the moment I find it?  Does that make any sense at all?”
“What was the most important thing that you found while being here?”  The pastor asked with an answer already in his head.
“I found family, I found Hanna.  I found...”  Chris hesitated.  “I found my own strength and I found the Lord.”  His tone lowered as if he knew what was next to come out of the pastor’s mouth.
“I’m not saying that Hanna and the Browley family are not important, but it seems to me that the Lord sent you here to not only find Him but to find yourself.  You’ve done that.  Your work, here is done and where ever you go, Chris, you will have Him and you will have yourself, stronger than you were before.”
“But Hanna..”  Chris said feeling a lump form in his throat.
“It’s hard to hear, but God has a plan for her as well.  Whether it be with you or not.  Trust, trust, trust Christopher.”
Chris nodded knowing he was right but that did not stop the pain in his heart.  “You knew something was going on with me.”  he said turning to the pastor.  “you knew I was getting these coins.”
“I didn’t know what you were finding or experiencing, but it has been confided in me, Chris...”  He stopped and placed a hand on Chris’ shoulder.  “You will be going back.”
“God told you that?”  Chris asked.  
“In His way to me, yes He did.”  the pastor replied.
“Why would he tell you and not me.  Why would he do this to me and not even give me any time to prepare.  I have been begging and pleading with Him to tell me what was going on and he didn’t answer me.”
“Didn’t He?”  The pastor exclaimed.  “You said so yourself that you knew the reason but refused to accept it.. who do you think put that realization into your head?  As for the preparation time.  How long did you say you’ve been finding those coins?”
Chris hung his head, not even bothering to answer the rhetorical question.  “What do I do, pastor?  How much time do I have left, here?”
“I think you know the answer to that, as well.”  The pastor said forcing Chris to sift through his brain.
“My guess has been that the pennies will only go up to the year to when I left.  But instead of the Tuesday I’m supposed to get the 1998 coin, I’ll be back already.  Do you suppose it’ll be the Monday night before?”
“I would just prepare for that, Chris.  I do not know the detail.  That is between you and God.  If this is the case, though.  You need to confide in Hanna.  You need to convince her that you are telling her the truth so that she understands why you are gone, so she can prepare herself, as well.”
“What if she doesn’t believe me?”  Chris asked, reaching out for any answers he could set his ears upon.  “Will you help me?”
The pastor slowly shook his head.  “I’m sorry, Chris.  This is the step you need to take on your own.  I have been instructed to only help you understand.  The footwork is your responsibility.  You have waited so long in denial that you, now only have three weeks to complete this mission.  Use the time wisely, my son.  I know you will.”  The pastor patted Chris’ shoulder, stood to gather his belongings and without another word, strolled out the door.

“Hanna, my darling.  There is something serious I need to discuss with you.”  Chris began that night as they rocked gently in their chairs.
Hanna put down her knitting.  “What is it?”  She asked with worry in her expression.
“I don’t know how to begin.  I’m... not from around here.  Well, I am but not really.  I’ve actually lived here my whole life but...”  Chris let out a burst of frustration.  ‘How is she going to understand this if I can’t even understand the words coming from my mouth?’  Chris thought as he studied the wrinkles on Hanna’s confused face.  
Her expression then smoothed out.  “Oh, Chris.  Did you find out the missing piece?  Of how you got here?  That seemed to be the only thing you couldn’t remember.”  Her hopeful eyes broke Chris’ heart into even smaller pieces.
“Hanna.  I’ve always known.  God sent me here.  I am from Coar... Coar City.”  
“City?  Is that another place with the same name because I’d never seen you around until pa brought you home after the twister.”
“Coar City is the name of Coar in the year 1998.  Please believe me my dear.  I am from here but 130 years in the future.”
Chris sucked in an even deeper breath waiting for her reply.  ‘Please believe me, Hanna, please believe me.’ chanted through his head.
“Oh, come now, Christopher.  Is this some crazy dream you had that you’ve twisted around into your reality?”  she said with a light chuckle.
“I’m telling the truth.  I have been wanting to tell you since the moment I realized I was in love with you and when I knew you were the one I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.”
Hanna raised a brow to him when she saw the seriousness in his face.
“I am telling you now...”  Chris continued but with a pause.  “because I am being sent back.”
“Sent back where?”  Hanna asked with force in her voice.
“I’m being sent back into the future.  Where I came from.  The year 1998.”
“This is the most ridiculous, absurd thing I’ve ever heard in my life, Chris.  What game are you playing with me?  It’s not funny.”  Hanna said showing even more confusion and hurt.
“I’m not trying to be funny.  I’m trying to make you understand why I won’t be here in a couple of weeks.”  Chris said, forcing his words upon her in a desperate attempt to make up for the time he lost.  The time he should have been using to convince her that his story was, in fact, true.
‘Why did I wait for so long?’  Chris wondered.  ‘Why did I think that my own denial would make all of this go away?  God didn’t have to give me all of this time to prepare but He did and I squandered it.’  The thought made Chris want to curl up in a ball and weep.
“What are you saying?  You’re going to leave me?”  Hanna said, choking on her words.  “Just when we get married and find out we’re having our first child.  You’re going to leave?”
“I have no choice..”  Chris tried to explain.
“You think you do not have a choice.  You’ve wanted to get out of Coar the moment you stepped foot into it.  You never wanted to stay here, you made that perfectly clear.  You’ve probably, finally realized where you are from and it has proven more important to you than I.”  Tears now flowed down her cheeks.
“Hanna, I am not leaving you to go to some other town.  I won’t even be in this time anymore.  I am not leaving Coar, I am leaving the year 1869 and returning to 1998.  I would never intentionally leave you.  This is killing me!  I need you to believe me and understand, please.  There’s nothing more I can do to convince you.  God knows and maybe He will tell you.”  Chris pleaded.  “Go to Him, see if He will tell you before you ostracize me from your heart.”
“It seems I have a lot of praying to do for you, Chris.  I am thoroughly confused right now.”  Hanna stated as tears continued to flow from her red, puffy eyes.  “I’m going to bed.  Hopefully you have come to your senses by morning.”  
She slowly rose from her rocker and without another word, strolled into the bedroom, shutting the door behind her.
‘That didn’t go well.’  Chris thought.  ‘How am I to convince her?  I do not want her to wake up one morning and think I’ve abandoned her.  I cannot allow her to ever think that I do not love her with all of my heart and soul.’
‘Please God, I beg of you.  Please speak to Hanna.  Place the truth into her heart and allow her to understand what will be happening to me, to her and to our family.  I have no choice but to accept the fate of your plan for me but my heart breaks for my family.  I cannot fathom the thought of my last two weeks, here to be in an argument with my wife.  I need her love, support and understanding right now.  Lord, please, show her what the future holds.  Show her what her next step is.  Show her, dear Jesus, how I still and always will... love her!’

Chapter 26

“The Lord works in mysterious ways, Hanna.  You’ve said so, yourself.”  Chris said over a week and a half later as he still tried convincing her of the truth.
"I don't understand why you have not let this go, yet.  Unless you actually plan on leaving me.  I cannot deal with this right now, Christopher.  I am in a delicate position to begin with and I need to start preparing for school to start in a couple of weeks.  Why are you doing this, now?"  She said with pain in her eyes which now held a daily droop.
"I have told you the whole story and it is the whole truth."  Chris said wondering if she'd ever be convinced.
"I know what you've told me.  You were born in 1979, you spent time in prison for criminal activity from your group, the gang?  When you were released from prison in 1998, you fell asleep behind what you keep calling a dumser, and you woke up here... last year."
"It's called a dumpster.  It's a large metal box which holds garbage."  Chris corrected her.
"That is neither here nor there.  Do you really expect me to believe all of this?"  Hanna asked, sitting hard into her rocker after finishing the evening meal clean up.  "I've never heard such an abnormal story in my life."
"Now you know how I felt when I arrived here.  I was alone and confused.  I didn't know what was going on.  Everything was foreign to me.  Everything I once knew was gone.  It was most of the reason of my attitude when I first arrived.  It was the reason I fought to get back.  I didn't know anything here.  When I learned it, however, I fell in love and didn't want to ever leave.  I still don't want to leave but I must go where ever God throws me.  I have no choice.  I need your love and understanding right now."  Chris' eyes filled with tears.  "I only have 10 more days, Hanna.  Please."
Hanna looked at Chris as though she wanted to believe him.  As though she wanted to run across the room and have him swoop her into his arms.  A look of longing and compassion.  A look of love and hurt.  She then averted her eyes back down to her hands.
“I just don’t know what to believe.”  She said in a whisper.
Chris hung his head in defeat.  “I wish there was some way to prove it to you..”  he said, trailing off.  His head suddenly popped up.  “Wait a second.  I cannot believe I didn’t think of it before.”
He got up from his seat at the table, ran to the small cupboard beneath the counter, reached far back and retrieved his wooden tobacco box.  “I’ll show you.”  he said.
He opened the lid to the box which held his compass and 12 coins.  “This is my proof.  I told you God had been sending me signs of my departure back to the future.  These are it.”  He handed Hanna the handful of pennies in which she just kept in a pile in the palm of her hand.  “Look at the dates, Hanna.  They came to me in order... beginning with 1985 and the last one I found two days ago, 1996.  I only get one more, one more penny before I am sent back.”
Hanna thumbed through the pile looking closely at the dates.  Her brow raised, then lowered.  “You probably made these yourself at the blacksmith shop.”  She said handing the pile back to him.
“How could I stamp these out myself.  Mr. Kinsley doesn’t have that sort of equipment.  The only way to explain these coins is that I am telling you the truth.  I have found one penny a week, always on a Tuesday for the last several months.  I didn’t know what they meant at first but I know now.  That is why I am in such a rush to convince you.”
“You’ve had months to tell me this and you decide to hit me with it all, now?”  Hanna asked.
“Oh, my love, I’ve wanted to tell you from the beginning.”
“and why haven’t you?”
Chris let the coins fall out of his hands and back into the box carefully placing the lid back on.  He sat down in his rocker next to Hanna and looked into her eyes.
“Because I was terrified that you would react exactly how you’re reacting right now.  I was afraid you wouldn’t believe me or think of me as crazy.  I was fearful that you’d be upset with me for thinking that I somehow deceived you.  I haven’t, though, Hanna.  I have and always will love you.  My feelings for you are not a ruse, they are genuine.”  Chris released his stare on her and looked into the empty, cold fireplace.
“Oh, Chris.  I want to believe you, or.. I want to not believe you.”  She let out a scoff of frustration.  “I don’t want to believe that you’re leaving me but I don’t want to believe that you would make up this deliberate story and continue to hurt me day after day.  I have prayed about this..”
“Has He answered you in any way?  Any thoughts that seem out of place?”  Chris asked remembering how he had over looked God’s answer to him.
“My thoughts for the last two whole weeks have been out of place.  I don’t know what to think, feel or hear.  I’m so confused by this whole situation...”  She stopped before completing the sentence as if she wasn’t sure how to finish it.
“Pray with me, right now, please.”  Chris said kneeling by her side, placing his hands over hers.  “Please.”
Hanna looked into Chris’ eyes for several seconds, placed one of her hands over his and bowed her head.
“Dear Lord.”  Chris began.  “I know your will for me is to send me home, not the new home that I’ve grown to love and cherish but the home of my childhood.  You sent me here, oh Lord to find you and to find something within myself that you knew was inside of me.  The morals and values I lacked as a child and teenager.  The worth of my soul and the work and pride that my hands are capable of.  You helped me find a family and taught me not only to love but how to be loved.  You sent me to Hanna.  I do not want to leave this place, dear God.  Everything I have is here.  My wife, my child, my family and friends.  My farm, my animals.  I feel complete, here.  Please allow me to stay.  If it is your will that I return to my time, please place this understanding upon Hanna.  Please show her that this is your work and that I am telling the truth.  If it is your will for me to return, please place your hand upon her and my unborn child to comfort and protect them.  Please God, hear our prayer.  In Jesus’ holy name, I pray.  Amen.”
Chris opened his eyes and laid them upon Hanna who’s eyes flowed, uncontrollably with tears.  He rose from his knees and held out a hand to his wife.  She reluctantly accepted it as he pulled her to her feet, scooping her into his arms.
“Hanna.  I don’t mean to hurt you.  I cannot stand to see you this way.”
She accepted his embrace and soaked his shoulder with her tears.  “I’m just so confused, right now.  I don’t know what to think.  All I feel is pain.”
Chris tightened his hold onto her as if to stop her from being ripped from his arms.  He couldn’t bare to think that in only several more days, he may be ripped from hers.
“Let’s go to bed, my darling.”  he said, releasing her but grabbing onto her hand.  “Allow me to hold you through the night and feel your warmth.”
She nodded but just once and let him lead her into the bedroom.  
Arms clasped around each other, not wanting to accept the fate of slumber, they finally drifted off to sleep.  
Chris was jolted awake the next morning when he heard a shriek and felt Hanna sit straight up in bed.
“Are you alright?”  He asked, rubbing her back.
“Oh, Chris.”  she said, laying back down onto his chest.  Her breath was fast and labored.  “Oh, Chris, I couldn’t find you.  I couldn’t find you anywhere.”
“Shh, it was just a dream.”  Chris said, now stroking her hair.
“No, it was real.  I was in a strange place.  The fog was thick and heavy.  I searched for you.”  She inhaled rapidly.  “I kept running through this maze of tall buildings made of glass.  These strange, fast boxes with windows kept whizzing past me making these loud, horrible noises.  People walked through the hard, solid streets that seemed to be made of rock.  The men did not wear hats and the women wore britches.  The fog lifted every so often and I saw giant iron birds flying through the sky making the most horrible noises.  I was alone and so scared.  I ran through this maze searching for you, screaming your name but I could not find you.  I was so frightened.”
“Hanna.”  Chris exclaimed.  “Do you know where you were?  Do you know what this means?”
“What are you talking about?  It means I’m scared of losing you.”
“You were in Coar City.  You had visited my time in a dream.  This was God’s answer to you.”
Hanna lifted her head to look at Chris.  “His answer was to frighten me?”
“No, this was His way of showing you that I am telling you the truth.  I can explain everything that was in that dream because it was all things from the future, from my time.”
Hanna’s expression changed but it was unreadable to Chris.
“The buildings you saw,”  he continued anyway.  “are called skyscrapers.  Some of the glass are windows but some of them are actually solid walls that are only made to look like windows from the outside.  People live in these buildings but a lot of them are offices for large, corporate companies.  The rock you were walking on is called concrete or cement.  Cement is crushed rock, sand and gravel mixed with water then laid out to dry.  It forms a hard surface.  The surface that the cars were driving on is called a street and the surface that the people were walking on is called a sidewalk.”
Hanna shook her head as if she was struggling to take in everything that was being told to her, or as if she was struggling to believe it.
‘Please believe it, Hanna.  This is my last hope for you to believe me.’  Chris thought, continuing his explanation but slowing down a bit so she’d be able to, some what, keep up with him.
“The ‘fast boxes’ that were whizzing past you are called cars or vehicles or automobiles.  They are like metal boxes with windows and the inside has heat and music and comfortable seats.  Some of these vehicles can go as fast as if they were being pulled by 500 horses, which is what we call horsepower in my time.  They were actually a wonderful invention, coming around in the early 1900’s.   The style of clothing has changed a lot, too.  Do you remember what I wore when I first arrived?”
Hanna nodded.
“The pants were called jeans made from denim and the shirt was called a t-shirt because it’s shaped like a capital T.  They are made from only cotton, most of them.  That is what is mainly worn by both men and women in my time.  Women stopped wearing only dresses long before I was born.  A lot of things changed for women in the mid 1900’s.  It has been acceptable for them to have careers and wear pants and a law was even passed in 1920, I want to say, for woman to be able to vote.”
Hanna’s brow raised.  She seemed to be taking in all of the information and more importantly, she seemed to believe it.  ‘Thank you, Lord!’ Chris thought.
“Those iron birds in the sky are called airplanes or jets.  They are like large birds but carry people and cars and supplies all over the world.  They have wheels to drive down a long road called a runway and when the air stream flows under it’s wings, it lifts from the ground and can fly for long distances.  People ‘drive’ these planes and can take you where ever you need to go.”
Hanna pulled the sides of her mouth down as if to think of the horror of being up in the air in a giant, metal bird.  “I couldn’t imagine such a thing.”  She said.
“You don’t have to imagine it, Hanna.  You were there, you saw it.  Please tell me you believe what I am saying to you.”
“I cannot imagine how you could make up all of that on the spot.”  She said with a confused look still taking over her expression.  “Oh Chris, what are we going to do?”  She sobbed.
Chris didn’t know whether to cry with her or shout with joy that she finally believed him.  No matter which, it didn’t seem a sweet victory.

* * * * *

"Hanna, Hanna we need to get up."  Chris said gently shaking her shoulder.  Almost two days had passed since her dream.  They had barely left the bed, only for Chris to throw hay and grain at the animals and for Hanna to use the necessary.
She shook her head slightly.  "I don't want to."  she softly exclaimed.
"We cannot just lie here and whither away the last days of our time together.  Not that I don't want to endlessly hold you, Hanna but I want to leave this place seeing your beautiful eyes and glorious smile."
She opened her eyes to look at him, they quickly filled with tears.
"This is not good for you, this is not good for the baby... I know,"  he popped up.  "Let's go have a picnic at the peninsula.  It's a beautiful day, the air is warm, the birds are singing.  I'll even make the lunch.  Just promise me you'll get up."
She nodded ever so slightly still clutching to his arm.  He gently pulled his arm out of her grasp, kissed her on the forehead and headed out to the kitchen.
He lovingly and carefully packed up a loaf of bread and wrapped up some butter.  He grabbed a jar of blackberry jam, Hanna's favorite, and arranged them all into a small basket.  He intently listened for any movement in the bedroom.
He let out a sigh of relief when he heard shuffling.  'She's up.  Thank you, Lord.'  Chris thought.
He worried for her.  If she was sinking into a sea of depression and he was still here, how would she handle him leaving?  She would not care for herself, therefore not caring for the baby.  He wondered if they should go talk to her family and have them take her in after he left.  He was not ready to divulge this information to just anyone, however, he was still pleading with God to allow him to stay.  Could his prayers be answered?  If they were, he didn't want the entire town to label him as 'the crazy one' putting a label, also, on Hanna and the baby.  He wondered if she should even tell anyone the truth after he left, not wanting her to carry that label for him for the rest of her life.
Hanna was fully capable of taking care of herself.  She had a job once school started and she had a very supportive and loving family that would always care for her.  He wanted to know that she would be alright and he wanted to be assured of this before he left. 
A gut wrenching thought made his body go limp.  It wasn't what Chris would ever want to imagine but it was the right thing to do..
Chris and Hanna slowly made their way through the yard and in between the rows of wheat.  Hanna shuffled her feet as if she was leaving a trail of the last of her energy behind her.  
"The wheat looks wonderful."  Chris said running his fingers over the top of it.  "It looks to be a beautiful harvest.  Your pa should be happy about that."  Chris then said, realizing he wouldn't be the one to harvest his hard work.
Hanna didn't respond.  She kept her eyes forward and continued to trudge along.  The leaves and twigs crunched under their feet as they made their way through the woods and to the river.  Instead of turning right to get to the peninsula from the Browley farm, they turned left when they reached the river.
Chris paused slightly when they reached the spot, he and Mr. Browley had sat when he asked for the courtship of his daughter.  
It was hard to believe what all had happened since.  The engagement, the blizzard, the wedding, the fire.. and of course all of the small but important things that happened in between.
Chris tightened his grip on Hanna's hand.  "Here we are."  he said to her with a smile.
They made their way across to the peninsula and settled down onto the plush grass.  The river flowed around them and sounded peaceful and free.
"I brought your favorite."  Chris exclaimed as he lifted the jar from the basket.  "Blackberry."
"I'm not hungry."  She said.
Chris studied his wife.  The same gut wrenching feeling came over him.. “Hanna.  There’s something I’ve been thinking about.”  he reluctantly began.
She lifted her head to him to meet his eyes.  Chris could only imagine that they were full of pain and regret for what he was about to say next.  He had to, though.  For the sake of his wife, for the sake of his child.  He had to make sure they would be alright once he was gone.  It was his duty to make sure they were taken care of.
“After I am gone...”  He began, pausing again.  “I... I want you to marry Cale.”

Chapter 27

Hanna shook her head violently from side to side.  “No, Christopher.  I could never be married to anyone but you.”  she said, her red and puffy eyes welling up once again.”
Chris slid closer to her and took her hands.  “I worry for you, Hanna.  I want to make sure you and the baby are taken care of.  I know Cale loves you and he would take good care of you.  I have it in good measure that he will also take in our child as if it was his own.”  He said rubbing her middle.
“I couldn’t...”  Hanna said again.  “Cale is leaving for college as soon as he finishes helping his pa with the harvest.  He’s going to go live in the city.  I couldn’t leave my family.”
“He wants to be a journalist, right?”  Chris asked, then continuing after her nod.  “If you could convince him to come back to Coar after he graduates, he could start this towns very first newspaper.  If he knows you are here waiting for him, he’ll return.”
“Oh, Christopher..”  she said through a wall of tears.  “I cannot stand talking about such things.  We are married.  We were joined together through the glory of God.  Whether you leave or not, we will always be married.”
“I know.  That’s another thing I’ve tried asking Him about.  How could he bring us together in marriage then rip us apart like this.”  Chris wanted to place his face into his hands and weep but thought better of it.  He had to be strong for the sake of Hanna.
“Promise me that you’ll at least think about it.”  Chris stated gazing into her emotional but lovely face.  She stared back at him with eyes full of pain but then slowly nodded.
“What.. what do I tell people.. I mean, of what happened to you?”  She said on the verge of another tear driven flood.
Chris lowered his head.  Yet another thing he had already thought of.  His first response was to tell her to try to convince everyone of the truth.  The thought of the people of Coar, her family even, questioning her sanity was more than he could comprehend.
“I want you to tell everyone that I went on a last minute trip to Branson and came up missing.  I don’t want to burden anyone with a search but it will be determined after I am not found, that I am...”  he paused.  “dead.”  Chris swallowed hard and glanced up to see Hanna’s shocked face.  “A death certificate will give you the chance to move on and possibly re-marry.  You will be considered a widow and not a divorcee.  No shame will be placed upon you and you will be able to take some time to grieve with the understanding of others.”
A look of pure heartache penetrated Hanna’s face but with a glimmer of understanding.  “Why do we have to go through this?  I will be left here with nothing but my thoughts and memories of you.  What do I tell our child?”
Chris lowered his head, then quickly raised it again.  “I have an idea.”  he said grabbing her hands and gently lifting her to her feet.  He led her down to the log they had crossed together many times and into the woods on the other side of the river.
“Sit here.”  he said leading her to a low stump.  He made his way over and around the ‘Browley family tree’, took out his knife and began diligently digging and engraving into the bark.  He ran his fingers over the freshly engraved wood and gave it a few puffs of breath.  “Done.”  he exclaimed.
He ran over to Hanna and grabbed her hands guiding her around the tree.
Hanna gasped while placing her hand to her heart.  “Oh, Christopher.”  They both turned toward the tree again and stared at the fresh cut.  A large heart surrounded the initials CJS + HGS.  Below the initials was one more engraving, = baby 1869.
“Whenever you feel you’re losing memory of me, you come out here, place your hand on these initials and I will be here with you.”
“I could never lose memory of you.  Even though we’ve only known each other just over a year, you are the most important thing that has happened in my life.  I feel like I’m preparing for your death.”  Hanna exclaimed shedding more tears.  She turned back to the tree.  “I love this, though, Christopher.  Thank you.”  She leaned into him allowing him to scoop her into his arms. 
Hanna was preparing breakfast one morning, several days later when Chris came in the house.  He walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her expanding waist.  “Come with me.”  he whispered into her ear.  “I want to show you something.”
“What could it be?”  she said turning from the stove which radiated heat throughout the home, a relief on such a cool, summer morning.
“It’s Tuesday.”  Was all Chris had to say.  Hanna stopped in her track picking up immediately what he meant.  She hesitated when Chris tried to lead her.  “It’s ok, Hanna.  I just want to show you what I’d been experiencing the last several months.
“I don’t know if I can.  If I see it, it makes it more real.”  She exclaimed.
“I understand, but it’s very important to me that you see this.  We can retrieve it and put it in the box together.  If God allows it, I’d like to keep the box here with you with my compass and all the pennies.  Another keepsake for you that I did exist.”
Hanna clenched her eyes shut, took a deep breath as she opened them and followed Chris outside.  He grabbed her hand and led her through the wheat field.  Even though the morning held a slight chill, the sun was shining with all of it’s might.  Chris had realized that the sun had been shining every Tuesday the entire summer.  The beams hitting the pennies, illuminated them allowing them to catch Chris’ attention.
This morning was no exception.  The copper beams that shined off in every direction made Hanna gasp even before they were halfway.
“On this stump, every Tuesday for the last 13 weeks, this is what I came across.”  Chris said as they approached the stump.
Hanna stopped and stared down at the tiny coin that sat perfectly in the middle of the rings of what used to be the inside of the maple tree.  She exhaled sharply, reached down and retrieved the penny.  She looked at Chris, then back down to the penny.  “1997.”  She said with a crackle in her voice.  “What does this one mean?”  She said turning back to Chris.
“My prediction.”  he started with some uncertainty and hesitation.  “is that this is the last penny I will receive.   I have guessed that next Monday night, when I fall asleep.. instead of waking up, here, to find the 1998 penny, I will already have been sent back... to 1998.  God, of course may have a different plan or He could answer my many, many requests, pleas and prayers and allow me to stay.”
“That means we only have six more days?”  Hanna cried out.  Chris’ shoulder shrug didn’t answer her question.  The one among many.
“If we want people to believe our story of what happened to me, we need to live those last six days as normally as we possibly can.  We need to make our appearance in church and go to your parent’s house for Sunday dinner.”
“I don’t know if I can.”  Hanna said with concern.
“I would like to take that day to spend with your family, Hanna.  I will miss them terribly.  Your entire family was the starting point of my teachings and self discovery.  I am eternally in their debt.  I would like for you to let them know that I said that.  If I tell them myself, they may know something is not right.”
She nodded as another tear flowed down her cheek.

* * * * *

After the service the next Sunday, pastor Walling approached Chris.  “How are things going, son?”
Son, a word that would have made Chris attack when he arrived here now made him feel warm and loved.  It was a word that meant acceptance rather than ridicule.
“As well as can be expected.”  Chris answered.  “It took a lot, but I finally convinced Hanna that I was telling the truth.  We have been preparing for my departure to be tomorrow night.”
Pastor Walling lowered his head.
“I wanted to talk to you about something, if I may..”  Chris began waiting for an accepting nod from the pastor.  “For the well being of Hanna and our child, we have decided that it would be best that it be presumed that I am dead.  A death certificate would allow Hanna to eventually move on.  I have not mentioned to her that you know of my circumstances and I would like to keep it that way until I am gone.  If she approaches you for support later, then I don’t mind that you offer that support with your knowledge of the truth, she may feel less alone, knowing that you know and understand as well.”
The pastor gave another nod but with wondering eyes.
“I am not asking you to lie, I could never..”  Chris continued.  “but if you could possibly go along with our plan for my ‘death’, it would be appreciated.  I just feel it’s further protection for the loved ones I’m leaving behind.”
“I understand how you feel Christopher.”  The pastor replied.  “I can assure you that I will follow what God tells me to do.  I cannot make you a promise for your plan unless it is God’s plan as well.  I hope you understand that.”
“Yes, I do pastor.  Thank you.”  Chris said.  Pastor Walling placed his hand on Chris’ shoulder, gave it a squeeze and lowered his head.  
“Son, you have been a great asset to this town and I wish you safe travels.  I will also pray for your life success and happiness, Chris.  You will be missed.”  He gave Chris’ shoulder another squeeze and turned from him.
Chris looked over to the wagon which held his family.  Mr. and Mrs. Browley, Hanna, Priscilla and Mason.  “You ‘bout ready?”  Mr. Browley shouted out.

“Hanna, Priscilla, would you give me a hand setting the table?”  Mrs. Browley asked her daughters.  Chris, Mason and Mr. Browley relaxed in the parlor after finishing the milking.
“Sir.”  Chris stated knowing that he could not leave this place without telling everyone how he felt.  “something has been weighing heavy on my mind lately that I have never thanked you for the help and guidance that you have offered me during my time here.  It has been a blessing to me to have stumbled upon such a wonderful family who took me in, no questions asked and with no judgment.  I give a huge amount of credit to you all for what I have learned about love, acceptance, faith and of myself.  I again thank you.”
“Well, son.  Thank you.  I remind you, though that you did the foot work yourself.  Between you and God is what made you strong.  I felt him working through me to give you the nudge but you should give the credit to our Almighty.”  Chris nodded, knowing he was right.  “I do appreciate that, though.  What brought that on?”
“Oh, nothing.  Like I said, it was just weighing on my mind, is all.”  Chris said, clearing his throat.
“Dinner is ready.”  Mrs. Browley announced from the kitchen.
They all gathered around the table taking their seats.  ‘This is it.’  Chris thought.  ‘This is the last time I will be with this family.  Please God, make my thoughts be incorrect.  Please allow me to stay and enjoy next Sunday’s meal with Hanna and the whole family.  I beg of you, Lord.  Hear my prayer.’ 
Chris looked at Hanna until her eyes met his.  He offered her a subtle nod asking nonverbally of her permission to say what they had rehearsed the day before.  She lowered her eyes to the table then looked up at him with a slight nod.  Chris could tell she was fighting back the tears.
“I was planning a trip to Branson tomorrow.”  Chris began trying to sound convincing.  
“What on Earth for?”  Mrs. Browley asked handing Chris a bowl of green beans.
“I wanted to check out the supplier that Mr. Kinsley had mentioned for his ore’s.  He had said something about trying something new.”  Chris vaguely stated.
“It’s awfully odd for Mr. Kinsley to send you on a trip when you no longer work for him.”  Mr. Browley stated wrinkling his brow.
“Oh, Mr. Kinsley is not sending me.  This is something I thought of on my own.  A bit of a surprise for him, I guess.  I figured now is the time to go, before the harvest, before Hanna starts school and she is over her morning sickness.  I should only be gone..”  Chris started choking on his words. “for a few days.”
“Hmm.. would you like me to join you?”  Mr. Browley asked.  
“That would be nice but you have so much to tend to here.  I would welcome some time to myself.  Thank you for offering though.  I would appreciate if someone could check on and tend to my animals for me while I am gone.  It goes without saying, as well, that you all take good care of my Hanna.”
Chris looked to Hanna who’s eyes drooped heavier.  “If you will all excuse me, I need to use the necessary.”  She exclaimed pushing her chair back and almost running from the table.
“Oh, the joys of being with child..”  Mrs. Browley stated with a smile.  “Of course we will take care of things while you’re gone, Chris.  It does go without saying.” 
Chris’ heart hung heavy as he watched Hanna quickly walk through the parlor, hearing the back door slam shut.  He had hurt her again but they both decided that it would be best to start her story of what happened to him early, giving a larger possibility of it being believed.  ‘If God answers my prayer and he keeps me here, I could just tell everyone that I decided to postpone the trip.’  Chris thought.
He wanted to go after Hanna but decided not to.  It would be hard to explain why he followed her to the outhouse.  He knew she was in there in tears though and that broke his heart in two.
“You’re such a wonderful cook, Mrs. Browley.”  Chris exclaimed trying to clear his thoughts.
“Why thank you, Chris.”  she thankfully replied.
“You have taken such good care of me since I’ve met you.  I really appreciate it and you have shown me what a true mother can be like.”
“That is very sweet of you to say.  I appreciate it.”  she smiled and gave Chris a wink.
“I couldn’t have asked for a better little brother or sister, either.”  he said with a wink to Priscilla and Mason.  
There was so much more he wanted to say to the four of them but thought against it as more would have caused questions and wonderings.  He got out what he needed to get out.  Oh, how he would miss this family.
Monday morning, afternoon and evening flew past.  Chris decided to walk his property, soaking in as much as he could, storing it away in the back compartments of his brain.  The field flowed with golden precision, the tree line behind the field looked as though they held up the sun as it slowly sunk behind them.
‘The last sunset I’ll see in 1869?’  Chris thought looking toward the heavens.  He took off his hat and closed his eyes allowing the breeze to flow through his hair.  He took in a deep breath of the fresh, clean, country air.
“Baa..aaa.”  Trudy bleated as she nudged Chris’ behind.  He turned and gave her a pat on the head.  “You be a good girl, now.”  he said to her.  Chris turned and headed for the barn.
“Oh, Gus and Gertie.”  He said when he approached the horse pen.  “I can’t believe how much I’ll miss you two as well.  I think it’s just the fact that I will miss everything about this entire place.”  he said to them as if they understood.  He reached out and stroked each of their noses.  
An overwhelming feeling consumed him to where he dropped to his knees right onto the hay covered floor of the barn.  
“God, please allow me to stay.  I can’t tell you the emptiness that I already feel inside leaving this world behind.  Why did you send me here to find the love of my life just to rip her away from me?  I need Hanna, dear Lord.  I need my child with me.  I cannot fathom the thought of leaving them behind.  Please God, please allow me to stay here with them.”
Chris dropped down into the hay and began sobbing uncontrollably.  ‘This is it.’  He thought.  ‘I am leaving the place I feel I belong.  Last year, this would have been welcomed.  I tried to leave this place that I thought horrid but now... now, I’m home.  I finally feel that I’m home and now I have to go back.’
“Please, God!”  He said out loud in one final plea.
Chris took in some deep breaths and stood, brushing the hay from himself.  He took one last look around the barn and headed through the yard and back up to the house.  He turned from the front door and took one last look at where this all started.  The sod house.  The bed of only criss-crossed ropes, the windowless, door-less home he used to live in by himself.  That was only months ago but so many wonderful things have happened since.  Helping with the construction of his new home and both barns, marrying his love, learning to blacksmith and finding out of his first child.  His first child that he may never be able to meet.
Chris placed his hand on the door but looked up, first, with another silent plea.  No words were necessary for God knew what was in his heart.

* * * * *

Hanna clung to Chris when they crawled into bed that night as if she was ready to fight God to keep her husband.  “Oh, Christopher.”  she wailed.
“It’s alright, Hanna.  It’s Gods will where ever I go.  Please remember all of the things you helped teach me.  Trust, obedience.  Please also remember how much I have always and will always love and adore you.  You have changed my life and you will always be in my heart."
"You will always be in mine.”  she said, barely audible through her tears.  “I love you so much, Christopher.  I cannot imagine my life without you.”
“I have said countless prayers, pleading for God not to take me from my family.  We don’t know yet what will happen.  We need to go to sleep tonight with complete trust in our creator.”
Hanna nodded and squeezed out the last of her tears.  Her blue eyes shined and sparkled even in the darkness of the night.  Chris brushed the hair from her face and gave her a long, firm but tender kiss.  “Goodnight, my love.”  He said to her.
After Hanna had fallen asleep, Chris watched her.  Her every breath, the way her forehead slightly crinkled.  He stroked her cheek with the back of his hand and inhaled her scent, determined that he would never forget it.
Exhaustion consumed his eyes.  He gave Hanna one last kiss on the cheek and whispered one last plea to God.  He wrapped his arms tightly around his wife and quickly drifted off to sleep.

###



More Fiction from Concerning Life Publishing available at www.concerninglife.org

Personal Vengeance: Lake Haven Murders series book one
The golf Course Massacre: Lake Haven Murders series book two 
Yellow Rose of Texas: The Secession of the Lone Star State
