




 



Bogwood Press
bogwood.com/press

A KILLING IN THE AIR - The Further Adventures of Bander

4th Edition - January 2014

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. 

Copyright © 2014 by Bogwood, Inc.
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. No part of this book shall be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, translating, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the publisher.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Cover by The Trixie Agency 


   
To my fellow adventurers, Tom and Michael


PEOPLE & PLACES OF HARION
Bander - Former Captain of the Guard and Imperial Investigator, now retired

WATERSIDE
Vala - First Woman of the Falward secret police in Waterside and a friend of Bander’s
Silbra Dal of the White - Young sorceress serving as the Guild representative in Waterside
Tobin Leroth - Mage and researcher who worked at the Esoterium, a magical research facility. He was Bander and Vala’s old friend
Abuth Asryn IV - The Lord Governor of Waterside
Rolo Caldward - Waterside’s Magister of the Shield
Aglaard Shie of the Black - Waterside’s Magister of the Wand and Mage-in-Service to Lord Governor Asryn
Eaith Garfaen - Elderly mage who worked with Tobin Leroth at the Esoterium

LAKETON
Bryn Eresthar - The Lord Governor of Laketon and Bander and Vala’s longtime friend
Dusk, Wegg, and Faramir Boldfist - Three Laketon criminals 
Tarthas Jorr - Captain of the Guard in Laketon; served with Bander in Rundlun many years ago
Isan Lagurian - Laketon’s Magister of the Measure

LHAWSTER
Harnotis Kodd - Mage in Lhawster; family friend of Silbra Dal’s
Raggur Nil - Battle mage

RUNDLUN - THE IMPERIAL CAPITAL
Yrian Gast - Imperial Viceroy
Etthar Calain - Imperial Magister of the Murmurs (spymaster)
Grandmaster Meomannan Quill of the Black - Imperial Magister of the Wand and Guild Leader of the Black
Grandmaster Ramipoor of the White - Guild Leader of the White 

THE RANGELANDS
Gredarl Kar - A notorious crime lord
Daras Mirth - Gredarl Kar’s lieutenant
Morin of Thect - A dark mage of an ancient order thought to be extinct








GET THE MAP



A properly-sized map of Harion doesn’t work very well on an e-reader screen, but you can download a color map/desktop wallpaper right here:
http://www.randynargi.com/map/









A KILLING IN THE AIR
TOBIN LEROTH WOKE UP—ALTHOUGH HE WISHED HE HADN’T. A rough cloth sack was bound tightly around his face and neck, obscuring his vision. He could taste blood in his mouth. His arms and legs were restrained somehow. And his head ached from hanging upside-down.
He shifted his weight and tested his bonds. His skin pressed against the cool metal and his worst fears were one step closer to being confirmed. He cleared his mind, began breathing deeply, and tried to tap into the magical energy around him. Nothing.
It was as he dreaded. The shackles that held him were made of relorcan, a rare metal, yet exceptionally effective in disrupting the flow of magical energy.
“He stirs,” a voice said. Not deep. Not threatening. Just matter-of-fact. With a hint of rangelands accent.
“Time?” Another voice. One word spoken, but it was with authority.
“They are just leaving the north entrance.”
“Well, he woke just in time, I’d say. Make the preparations.”
An intense pain jabbed into his gut, horribly burning his insides. Acid. A moment later Tobin Leroth felt his arms and legs jerk together, like a stag being trussed for slaughter. His body swung in the air. He considered briefly making a plea for his life, but dismissed the thought. He knew who held him and he also knew why. They were not interested in pleas.
“They’ve reached the statue,” a third voice said. This voice was lighter, younger.
“Keep clear. On my mark.”
Tobin Leroth heard the men shuffle away. A cool breeze blew through the sack and he felt the salt air on his face. He cleared his mind once more. Not to attempt to invoke magic, but to make peace with the universe.
“Now,” the authoritative voice commanded.
Tobin Leroth’s body jerked savagely and he was flung 100 yards into the air. Mercifully he lost consciousness before he hit the ground.
* * *
A FORTNIGHT LATER, A TALL, GREY-EYED MAN NAMED BANDER WALKED THROUGH THE TREES ON THE OUTSKIRTS OF THE MATHAM WOOD WEST OF LHAWSTER. He had been on the road for nearly a month and was down to his last few silver coins. Not that he spent a lot during his travels. Bander lived very simply these days. And he lived to walk.
After two decades as an Imperial investigator in Rundlun, Bander was sick of seeing nothing but city walls. So when he mustered out three years ago at the rank of Red Shoulder Captain, Bander decided he’d spend the rest of his days wandering Harion—from Waterside to Laketon to Lhawster to Kreed’s Keep to The Steading to Rundlun to Hamwick and then back to Waterside. It was a loop that ran nearly 7,000 miles and took him well over a year to complete, but Bander treasured every step. He did, however, like to travel unencumbered—and that meant caching coins outside of each major city he visited. It wasn’t that Bander was concerned about robbers and highwaymen—it was more that he didn’t want to pay the tax levied on gold being transported into each city.
Bander made sure he was alone, then sought out a particular hollowed log next to a boulder as tall as he was. Hoping there was nothing inside that might sink its fangs into his fingers, Bander reached into the log. He felt a braided cord and tugged it, extracting a oilskin pouch from its hiding place. Inside were enough regmarks to keep him in food, drink, and amusement for the two weeks he would be in Lhawster. Or at least that’s what he expected to be in the pouch. Instead there were a dozen rocks. And a flat slab of crystal the size of his hand.
Bander gripped his shortstaff and scanned the area. He didn’t believe that whoever stole his cache would be stupid enough to remain in the vicinity, but he needed a few moments to calm himself so that he could assess the situation. He spiraled out a few hundred yards from the log, looking for tracks. Bander wasn’t a ranger by any means—not even an amateur one—but he’d become more familiar with signs of the forest since he began his wandering. But there were no telltale broken branches, no bits of cloth, no bootprints that he could detect.
The wind began to pick up and the clouds swirled above his head. Bander gathered his pack and the pouch and angled back towards the trade road to Lhawster. It was close to noon and the city was probably a couple of miles away. As he walked, it dawned on Bander that he now had a bit of a problem. His few remaining silver pieces would not last long in Lhawster. Maybe a day’s worth of food and lodging. He wondered if the crystal in his pouch had any value. It was certainly left for a reason. Perhaps to trade for the gold.
He stopped by a boulder, sat down, and removed the crystal from his pouch. It was a slab as thick as his thumb, sliced from a much larger piece, and polished on one face. The sun filtered by the darkening clouds caused the crystal to act as a poor mirror, but still Bander could see his own face in the stone, grey-streaked beard, thick eyebrows, and curious steel-grey eyes. But then Bander saw something else in the crystal. It almost looked like stars in a night sky, swirling and blinking in and out. And then another face stared at him. It was the face of a young woman. She had brown hair and light-colored eyes and full lips pursed in a frown. A single moment before the woman spoke, Bander understood what he was holding. A scrying crystal. And it was worth much more than the gold in his pouch. In fact, it was worth ten times more than all the gold in all his pouches spread throughout Harion.
“Bander of Rundlun,” the young woman intoned in a serious voice. “I am Silbra Dal of the White, representing the Guild at the Esoterium in Waterside. Your presence is requested here.”
Bander could hear her voice as clearly as if she were standing beside him. “Waterside? Truly? You stole my gold. Why would I go to Waterside?”
Another voice from within the crystal answered. “Because I asked you to…”
It was a voice Bander recognized at once—even after more than fifteen years. Through the crystal, a tall, gaunt woman stepped into view. She was still beautiful, but the years had sucked the color from her hair and her complexion. It was Vala. She nodded at Bander once, then walked out of view like a ghost.
Silbra Dal instructed Bander to journey to Lhawster and make his way to the Gold Quarter. There he would seek out a mage named Harnotis Kodd.
Several hours later Bander found the wizard’s lavish estate on Adelward Lane and was admitted into the compound by a silent servant who brought Bander into a reception room. Harnotis Kodd was fat and old, likely past his 60th year, but he had a cunning look in his eyes that was not diminished in any way by his age. As per the young woman’s instructions, Bander gave Harnotis Kodd the scrying crystal and then accompanied him to a workroom in the back of the main house. Without much ceremony, Harnotis Kodd created a portal to Waterside which Bander stepped through. And just like that he was back in the city he left nearly seven weeks ago. Over a thousand miles traveled in less than a second. Private portals were not cheap, Bander mused. Someone must want him here very much.
The room that he found himself in was large and adorned with six stone pillars. By the looks of the pennants and tapestries on the wall, he was in some sort of royal hall—most likely in a wing of the Lord Governor’s mansion. An echo of boots from behind him alerted Bander to someone entering the hall. He turned to see Vala. He knew better than to try to embrace the tall warrior, so he contented himself with studying her visage. In person her long grey-silver hair and pale, lined face were much more pleasant than the image he saw in the scrying crystal. He noticed that she was wearing ornamental jewelry—rings in her ears and on her fingers as well as other bangles, necklaces, and baubles. She never used to wear jewelry, claiming that it might give an enemy something to grab on to. Now it appeared that she was either very confident in her combat abilities, or she just didn’t care. And while Bander was studying Vala, she was studying him. Finally, she broke the silence.
“Tobin Leroth is dead.”
Bander shut his eyes and sat down on a stone bench. He didn’t say anything for a long time.
Vala continued, “He was murdered. And not how you think—”
“Tell me everything. From the beginning.”
“We are still unsure about much of what happened, but here’s what we do know. On the morning of the fifteen day of Lenting someone abducted Tobin Leroth from his quarters, beat him, bound him in relorcan manacles, and strung him up on one of the old catapults on the Great Lawn outside the Lord Governor’s mansion. Then they shot him over a wall and into a crowd watching the Summer Finding Day parade.”
Bander took a deep breath.
“Tobin Leroth was dead when he hit the ground,” Vala continued. “It was a half day later until we were able to identify him. At that point any attempts at revival proved fruitless. They had spiked his innards with acid. I had my men search the area around the catapult as well as Tobin Leroth‘s quarters and his office in the Esoterium, but we didn’t find anything. The catapult itself was burned, so the mages weren’t able to pull any traces off of it.”
Bander asked Vala to repeat everything one more time. The he sat in silence for several minutes. Thinking. Finally, he said “The manacles are what confuse me.” 
Relorcan was a rare and expensive material. Constabularies in most cities and larger towns might have relorcan manacles, but smaller towns and hamlets typically were unable to afford them. They were certainly something you wouldn’t discard—even if you were making a statement with your murder.
“Given what he was working on, it’s not unreasonable to think Tobin Leroth had some well-financed enemies,” Vala said. 
Bander didn’t say anything.
“We’ve been at it for weeks. I need your help with this.”
“The trail is too cold.”
“I know…there were delays…bureaucracy…and you’re not an easy man to find.”
Bander nodded. He gave up investigation three years ago, but he couldn’t say no to this. He couldn’t say no to a friend. “Show me where he lived.”
As they walked through the park-like grounds of the Palace District, Bander and Vala fell into a comfortable conversation. Bander had some vague recollection that Vala had served in the Guard, but now he learned that she was employed by Lord Governor Asryn as First Man (or in this case ‘First Woman’) of the Falward, Asryn’s secret police organization. The Falward, which many likened to the old Order of the Gargoyle, had a reputation for brutality. Although Vala’s demeanor was naturally cold and reserved, Bander had a hard time seeing her as the head of the Falward. Still, judging by the fine cloth of her cloak and the South Plains leather of her boots, Vala was doing well in her position. 
She led Bander to a relatively new part of the Palace District which was devoted to magical research: the Esoterium. Forty foot high walls, manned by guardsmen, surrounded a campus of sprawling buildings. They walked past an immense library and then along a row of smaller structures and under an archway. There Bander saw a large lawn ringed on three sides by more multi-storey buildings. He recognized some of the structures.
“This was the old prison,” Bander mused. He didn’t add that he spent more than one night behind bars in the old Waterside facility back when he was much younger.
“Yes. They tore part of it down and built the Esoterium six years ago. It was one of Asryn’s first acts as new Lord Governor.”
Even down in the capital he had heard of the grand aspirations of Abuth Asryn IV, part of the so-called “New Blood of the North,” a loose affiliation of politicians who were determined to advance society through magical research. And although many in the Imperial Court were skeptical, Asryn and his cohorts ultimately convinced the Viceroy that it was prudent to devote resources to counter the magical aspirations of the rival realms of Kaarna, Triscar, Gadmark, and the Tengan Territories.
“And is it producing anything?” Bander asked. “Or is it some sort of boondoggle designed to fill the coffers of Meomannan Quill?” 
“I’m the wrong person to ask,” said Vala. “I don’t get involved in politics.”
“We’re all involved,” Bander said. “Whether you think so or not.”
The residence hall turned out to be three storeys of maze-like hallways connecting suites of private rooms for the magical researchers as well as group quarters for a special detachment of guardsmen assigned to security duty.
“Pretty tight,” Bander nodded as they made their way through the hall. “Who’s in charge here?”
“Rolo Caldward. He’s an old-timer. Came up with Asryn from Waterside.”
“Let’s have a chat with him.”
“That’s already on the agenda. You need a brooch anyway. And there’s paperwork. Rolo Caldward likes to document everything. But first let’s take a look at Tobin Leroth’s quarters.”
Vala steered Bander down a corridor which ended in a light wooden door which was normally unlocked, but was now guarded by one of Vala’s men. “No locks,” she explained. “We assumed that with everyone around—not to mention the wards—we didn’t have to deal with locks. Of course some of the mages installed their own, but Tobin Leroth didn’t.”
“I doubt it would have made a difference. He was taken from here?”
“As far as we can tell, but you see how impossible that is. We’re in a secure building within a fort within a walled district. The Esoterium is guarded by 40 men and a few dozen of the most powerful wards in the city.” Vala touched her fingers to the wood-paneled walls. “Relorcan veins run through the building. No one can teleport in or out.”
“Truly?”
“Asryn spared no expense. Or Aglaard Shie demanded it. He’s the administrator.”
Bander nodded. He had heard the name before.
“There are even a bunch of faerlings around. Somewhere.” Faerlings were semi-intelligent ape-like creatures which had a unique ability. They could detect human thoughts, which made them a welcome addition to guard stations.
Vala approached the guard. “All quiet?”
“Yes, ma’am.” He stepped aside.
Inside, Tobin Leroth‘s chambers were pretty much what Bander expected. Clean, simple, functional. The mage had lived by a spartan philosophy. He had purposely avoided excess in all its forms. Which made him unpopular at celebrations, but a smart, dedicated researcher and a much-valued member of the kind of team both Bander and Vala had been a part of all those years ago.
As he examined the room, Bander could sense his friend’s presence. He touched the melted candles by the bedside, opened up the tall wardrobe and went through Tobin Leroth‘s clothing, then examined some of the books on a heavy bookshelf near the door. Nothing looked out of place. But, as expected, there also was nothing personal in the room. No trophies. No paintings. No love letters.
Bander felt Vala watching him as he continued looking around the room. She and Tobin Leroth were very similar. Both had little use for emotion. In Vala’s case, it was due to a traumatic episode that had torn her life apart when she was a young girl. In Tobin Leroth‘s case, his austerity had been a choice.
“Were you the one who brought him to Asryn?” Bander asked. “Did you recommend him?”
“I had nothing to do with that. He just showed up one day. I saw him in the mess hall talking with Shie. He saw me across the chamber and it registered on his face. Not surprise, you know—”
Bander smiled. “No. Never surprise. Did he do that eyebrow arching…?”
“Yes.” Vala almost smiled back, but she didn’t. “Anyway, we talked a lot that night. He watched me get drunk. It took a while.”
“I bet.”
“Then I went back to my chambers. I saw him maybe four or five times after that. We had dinner a few times. But…”
“It wasn’t the same.”
Vala nodded. “It never is. Never can be.”
“What about me? Do I get a couple of fine meals out of this?”
“Certainly. At least you like to get drunk.” Again, she almost smiled. “Let’s find Caldward.”
* * *
MAGISTER ROLO CALDWARD WASN’T HARD TO TRACK DOWN. There was a guard office on the other side of the barracks. Caldward was there with a adjutant going over the details of providing security to a supply caravan coming in from the south. He was a heavyset man of around 50 years of age with a red complexion. To Bander, he didn’t look military at all. There was a softness about him.
Vala introduced the two men. Caldward looked Bander up and down, but mostly down before mentioning that he knew Bander’s commander, Tad Stircas. Bander despised Stircas so the name dropping had no real effect, other than to confirm Bander’s initial assessment that Caldward was an ass.
“This has dragged on for far too long,” Caldward said. “Naturally, the Lord Governor is very troubled by this turn of events, but we can’t let the nature of this misfortune affect the important work that’s being undertaken here.”
“Bander’s particular expertise is in the investigation of…sensitive…matters,” Vala explained.
“Yes, yes.” Caldward’s hands fluttered. “We’ve all read about your exploits down south, Captain. But we must have—will have—this matter resolved quickly. The mages are under the belief that Tobin Leroth’s past caught up with him. A vendetta of sorts. Natural, given his background.” Caldward’s eyes narrowed and Bander could tell that the fat man was thinking about both Bander and Vala’s questionable past.
“In my experience, you have to be honest with mages,” Bander said. “Their heads may be in their spell books, but even their most casual musings find the truth rather quickly.”
“Our mages believe what they are told to believe,” Caldward said. “The Lord Governor’s generous donations to the Guild ensure that. Still, we will not abide distractions and time is of the essence. The next time we speak, I look forward to hearing what you’ve uncovered about this vendetta.” He waved his hands again, dismissing them.
Vala and Bander left Caldward’s office and went down the hall where another adjutant forced him to endure paperwork and briefing on the rules and regulations pertaining to his assignment. Finally he was rewarded with a palace brooch, signifying that he was on the Lord Governor’s official business and had freedom to enter most areas within the city.
“I think I’m ready for that drink,” he said as they departed the guard office.
“One more stop. The laboratory where Tobin Leroth worked. We’re meeting Silbra Dal there.”
“The girl mage?”
Vala glared at him. “That ‘girl’ is a fifth adept of the White. She was sent by Ramipoor himself as the Guild Representative.”
“I was wondering when the conversation would get around to the Guild.”
“Initially it was a very short conversation, believe me. It was only through the intervention of Aglaard Shie that they allowed me three days to investigate this—”
“Three days? No one said anything about three days. Tobin Leroth deserves more than—”
“Exactly. And that’s the only reason we’re involved at all.”
“You’re wrong,” Bander said. “The reason we’re involved is that the Mage Guild hasn’t been able to solve this themselves.”
Vala didn’t reply to that. She just walked more quickly towards the lab.
* * *
THE YOUNG SORCERESS MET THEM BESIDE A LARGE FOUNTAIN IN A COURTYARD BETWEEN TWO BUILDINGS. In person Silbra Dal looked smaller and less haughty. Without any sort of preamble, she began a tour of the facility. 
“The lab itself is divided into two areas: research and testing. Tobin Leroth worked in the theoretical magic division, so he spent much of his time in the East Library here,” Silbra Dal gestured towards a single-story brick structure across the courtyard.
Bander had no idea of the nature of Tobin Leroth‘s particular project other than it had been almost certainly related to summoning magic. He asked Silbra Dal for more details, but as expected, she “respectfully” declined to answer. Instead she brought them inside the sunny East Library and introduced them to two mages who worked with Tobin Leroth.
The older of the two was a grey-haired, bearded man from the South named Eaith Garfaen. He had an annoying habit of not meeting anyone’s gaze when conversing. Instead he would look off in the distance—as if blind (which he wasn’t). His famulus apprentice was more jovial: an eager young man named Hal Deorr—originally from Vale. Both mages expressed the requisite sympathy for the loss of Tobin Leroth, but it was clear that their relationship was simply professional. Tobin Leroth had kept to himself, even among the mages.
As the grey-haired mage hastened to remind them, he and Hal had been fully interrogated by the Falward as well as by the Guild Representative. Their answers remained the same: “No, Tobin Leroth had not been acting oddly. No, he hadn’t received visitors recently. And no, there had not been any unusual developments in the research.”
Before Bander could pose another question, there was a loud, low boom and an explosion rocked the courtyard. Books tumbled from the shelves of the library and the air swirled thick with dust. Outside, cries of alarm echoed throughout the yard. Bander and Vala raced to the window. Across the narrow courtyard, heavy black smoke billowed from a collapsed wall of the testing lab. Mages scattered like chickens. From the smoke a fiery creature emerged. It was humanoid, but stood half again as tall as a man. Flames billowed from its body as it raged through the courtyard, smashing ornamental planters and stone benches.
“A construct is loose,” hissed the older mage. “Flee!”
Bander and Vala did just the opposite; they barreled out of the library into the courtyard, weapons readied. But between Bander’s shortstaff and Vala’s sword, they were not at all equipped to deal with something that projected flames out as far as a man’s outstretched arm. There was no way to get close enough to strike the creature.
Bander spied the fountain in the middle of the courtyard and got an idea. He scooped up a chunk of broken brick and hurled it at the construct. It struck the creature in a fiery spray of sparks. The creature turned toward Bander and registered him as a foe.
Whump! Following Bander’s lead, Vala pitched a brick of her own into the construct. “What are we doing?” she screamed to Bander.
“Follow me!” He struck the firespawn with another brick and it began to lope towards them. Vala continued the barrage.
Bander and Vala led the fire construct towards the fountain, which featured a statue of Vargir in a low pool about five yards across. Bander leapt into the pool and waved his arms menacingly at the construct. As he had hoped, the creature’s elemental nature precluded much reasoning on its part. The construct chased after him—right into a large volume of water—which instantly plumed into scalding steam.
Bander threw his body out of the fountain and rolled painfully on the ground. He looked up—hoping to see the creature writhing in pain from the water, but no such luck. Its fire had burned all the water away—with no damage to the construct. If anything, the firespawn was raging even more violently.
The creature sprang from the nearly-empty fountain and loomed up over Bander’s prone form.
But suddenly a blast of magic energy struck the construct and enveloped it in a swirling plasma sphere. Bander glanced over to see Silbra Dal locked in concentration, binding the creature with a holding spell. A group of mages quickly joined their spells with hers and soon the construct was sent back to whatever plane it had come from.
“Did you really think that would work?” Vala muttered to Bander. 
Before he could answer, she turned to help Silbra Dal to one of the undamaged benches. Clearly the effort had drained the young sorceress. Still, Bander was impressed. Silbra Dal had immobilized the construct before any of the other mages could act. That took a lot of courage. 
Two guardsmen escorted Silbra Dal back to her quarters to recuperate, while Vala brought Bander to the Falward barracks just north of the Esoterium. They had to go slowly while Bander tried to walk off the pain from his strained muscles.
Inside the Falward barracks was a wing of bunk rooms. Vala led him to a storage room at the end of the hall which contained six beds. Three were unused.
“Sorry we don’t have anything more comfortable,” Vala said. “As part of my reorganization, I wanted to strip away all the trappings of entitlement. Get back to soldiering.”
“This is luxury to me,” Bander sat down on one of the beds.
“Well, I can at least offer you some clean clothes…”
“I’m not sure we’re the same size.”
Vala didn’t smile. “There’s a supply room in the other wing. Yarden is the quartermaster. He’ll provide you with dress clothes and give you some healing salve. He’ll also direct you to the baths and our barber.”
“I came here to solve a murder—not win a pageant.”
Vala shrugged. “It would be disrespectful to meet the Lord Governor looking like you do.”
After Vala left, Bander did indeed follow her directions and cleaned himself up. Yarden, the quartermaster, initially had a difficult time finding a dress jerkin and breeches that would fit Bander’s large frame, but was able to cobble something together and make some quick alterations.
“You’ve seen some combat,” Yarden quipped, noting the fact that Bander’s shoulders, chest, and abdomen were crisscrossed by a horrifying quantity of thick scars. “Don’t bleed on these clothes. I’ll be wanting them back in the morning.”
“I’ll try not to,” Bander said.
With two hours to wait before the Lord Governor’s reception and fearing his muscles might cramp up without exercise, Bander decided to walk the grounds of the Lord Governor’s estate. 
Known as the Palace District and effectively a walled city-within-a-city, the estate was built on the site of the old Waterside citadel. Bander had already seen parts of it: the Esoterium complex, barracks, training grounds, and armory, but he also discovered parks, orchards, warehouses, stables, residential areas—including a guest embassy, the Lawhouse complex of courtrooms and the new Waterside prison, and a small village of workers called Craftertown which primarily supplied the estate and government’s goods and services.
As dusk began to fall, Bander straightened his borrowed clothes and made his way to the Lord Governor’s mansion, which was truly more of a palace. In fact, the old Stronghold of the Seas fortress, which predated the actual city of Waterside, served as the foundation for the mansion. Bander entered between double sets of thick walls and strolled into a stately hall crowded with nobles and dignitaries. The smell of roasted meats and fresh-baked bread blended with incense and perfume hit Bander as he made his way deeper into the mansion. His ears, used to the relative quiet of the empty road, were assaulted by the combined hubbub of a few hundred guests trying to be heard over the music and singing of troubadours.
Bander scanned the throng of partygoers for Vala. He knew that she shared his discomfort of events such as these. She’d likely be on the fringes of the crowd, biding her time until she could politely depart.
“A drink, Captain?” asked a voice at his elbow. Bander turned to see Silbra Dal, dressed in a shimmering dress robe with lace trim. She offered a goblet of wine to him with an enigmatic smile. He bowed slightly, took the goblet, and toasted to her health.
“That was quite a display in the Esoterium,” he said. “You work quickly, Mistress.”
“The mages were careless, I’m afraid. And they ignored the proper conjuration procedures for a fire construct of that magnitude. There will, of course, be repercussions…”
“And will there be repercussions for the death of Tobin Leroth?”
“Of course,” she said. “As soon as you help identify those responsible. The Guild will proceed from there.”
Bander took another sip of the wine. It was rich and oaky. Much finer than the varieties he usually drank. “Has the Guild exhausted its own inquiries?”
“Not at all, Captain. As you know, it can be most helpful to view a problem from several vantage points.”
“Ah, I take it that I am a vantage point of sorts…?”
“Don’t be modest, sir. Your investigation of the Walding kidnapping is still taught as a case study at the Academy. You broke the Fullscoppe case, saved the Regent, located the Talisman of Lystwin— shall I go on?”
“All ancient history. I’ve spent the last three years on an extended jaunt, and the only mysteries I’ve contemplated are why we don’t ever see baby pigeons or what gets planted to grow Iorlian seedless grapes—”
“Still, an inquisitive mind remains an inquisitive mind…” She favored him again with a half-smile.
“I suppose. Although, as you know, Tobin Leroth was an old friend. Of mine and Vala’s.”
“I am aware of the relationship. You believe that to be an impediment to your investigation?”
“Don’t you? We will hardly approach this case with the detachment necessary to—”
She cut him off. “Detachment? That is the last thing the Guild wants from you. It is precisely because of your feelings for Tobin Leroth that you are the right man for the job. Tell me truly, would you be here just to collect the gold we’re offering?”
Bander knew she was right. He didn’t say anything for a few moments, then drained his goblet. “Thank you for the wine, Mistress. Please excuse me.”
She nodded at him and Bander continued to weave his way deeper into the crowd of revelers. The hall splintered off into corridors, alcoves, and passages—all filled with small groups of celebrants. Bander helped himself to another goblet of wine from a serving girl and leaned up against the cool stone of a marble pillar.
He tried to block out the noise and the smoke and the glow of hundreds of colored lanterns strung throughout the hall. And then he saw Vala as she stepped from the shadows in an alcove ten yards away. She was dressed in a gown of violet sheercloth with her hair twisted and pleated into a formal style. A nobleman, tall and dark, stepped beside her. It looked like they were in the middle of a conversation, but needed to step away from the crowd to hear one another.
Bander pushed towards them, catching Vala’s eye while he was still a few yards away.
“There you are,” she said, almost shouting. “I was worried that the prospect of attending the Lord Governor’s reception made you hightail it back to Lhawster.”
“Not yet, but the night is still young.”
Vala turned to the nobleman. “Magister Isan Lagurian, may I present Bander, former Captain of the Imperial Guard—”
Isan Lagurian fixed Bander with an amused look and smiled. His teeth were enormous and reminded Bander of a gelding he once had named Dusty. “Pleased to make your acquaintance.”
“And I yours, sir.”
“Magister Lagurian sits on the council of our friend in Laketon,” Vala said. “He is Bryn Eresthar’s Magister of the Measure.” 
Bander didn’t say anything. Bryn Eresthar was the one-time Lord Governor of Waterside and now Lord Governor of Laketon, the only man in ten generations to rule two different city-states at different times. He was also an old friend of Bander, Vala, and Tobin Leroth, but there was a great deal of bad blood between Bryn Eresthar and Lord Governor Asryn. Bander wondered why Bryn’s Magister of the Measure was here attending a party.
“Does Bryn Eresthar know about Tobin Leroth?” Bander asked, more to Vala than Isan Lagurian.
“Yes,” said Isan Lagurian. “The Lord Governor is very troubled by the news. He is meeting with the Viceroy this week else he would certainly be here himself.”
Bander nodded. He saw his friend several times a year during his travels and noted that the man seemed to be increasingly weighed down by the demands of his office. In fact he had been away on state business when Bander passed through the city last month.
Vala patted her hair, which seemed like a very foreign gesture to her. “Bryn doesn’t know that you are here,” she said to Bander quietly.
“Probably for the best,” Bander said. “There would be no keeping him away if he knew.”
“So Captain, have you made any progress?” asked Isan Lagurian.
“Bander has arrived here only today,” Vala said. “He will—”
At that moment the din of the crowd subsided and Bander turned to see the partygoers make way for Lord Governor Abuth Asryn IV and his entourage. Asryn, who fancied himself a “man of the people” took every opportunity to clasp hands, slap backs, or kiss the hands or cheeks of ladies as he passed through the hall.
Vala hastily excused herself to Isan Lagurian and led Bander off to follow the Lord Governor’s entourage into a private chamber. Bander was stopped at the door briefly by the head of Asryn’s personal bodyguard, a thick, hulking man named Neeth. 
“He’s with me,” Vala said as she strode into the chamber.
It was a relatively small room compared to others in the manor, perhaps ten yards wide and fifteen long. The several dozen members of Asryn’s entourage as well as other hangers-on quickly filled the space and so the room was nearly as crowded as the hall outside.
“There’s my girl!” Lord Governor Asryn proclaimed when he noticed Vala. 
Abuth Asryn IV was a short man, but loud. His family owned vast cattle holdings in the Southeast and was very wealthy, though Asryn wanted everyone to believe that if he wasn’t doing his duty as the Lord Governor of the most powerful city-state in the realm then he’d be back on a ranch in the Steading, wrangling steers or some such.
“Your Grace,” Vala bowed. “May I present Bander of Rundlun, former Captain of the Imperial Guard, here to assist in the investigation of Tobin Leroth’s murder.”
Bander bowed deeply. “Your Grace, I am your servant.”
“Aww, we’ll have none of that. The pomp and ceremony stops at the door. Let me get a look at you, son.” Although the Lord Governor was a good decade younger than both Bander and Vala, he insisted on adopting the demeanor of a friendly older uncle with them and just about everyone he met.
“Bad business with the mage. Bad business.”
“Indeed, your Grace. Please rest assured that we shall discover who is responsible.”
“Did you know the man?”
“Yes, your Grace. Tobin Leroth was an old and dear friend. Before I joined the Imperial Guard, Tobin Leroth, Vala, and I had the honor of escorting Lord Governor Eresthar through the Tenga Wilderlands. But that was many, many years ago…”
Abuth Asryn’s face darkened at the mention of Bryn Eresthar, but just for a moment. Then the short man’s face broken into a forced grin. “Ha, Eresthar. I bet he was whining for his mama the whole way—”
“I do recall a bit of whining when we became trapped in the Temple of Tamoa.”
Asryn barked out a laugh and clasped Bander’s shoulder. “I like this man!” He sloshed a goblet into Bander’s hand. “Drink up!”
“Thank you, my Grace.” Bander smiled and wondered why Asryn was acting so nonchalant at the mention of Bryn Eresthar. 
“Aye, a good bottle that. Not like the swill we’re serving out there.” He laughed again and took a swig of his own wine. Then the Lord Governor’s voice became quiet. More serious. “Find who did this, Captain,” he growled. “Find them and I will mete out justice with my own hands.”
* * *
THE NEXT MORNING, BANDER AWOKE IN THE FALWARD BARRACKS AN HOUR BEFORE DAWN. It was force of habit. He had slept badly, his head still ached from the wine last night, and his muscles were tight. The air that flowed in the open window was cold and damp and smelled faintly of saltwater.
He draped a blanket over his shoulders, lit a lantern, and walked down the hall past bunk rooms of sleeping Falwards to the bath chambers. The water had not yet been heated for the day, but that was fine with Bander. He placed the lantern on a bench and plunged into the dark bathing pool. The ice-cold water clamped his head tight and made him gasp, but after several moments, the fog in his mind began to clear. He washed and then submerged for a final rinse. As his head broke the surface of the bath, Bander saw a pair of bare legs standing on the edge of the bathing pool, faintly illuminated by lantern light. The legs were female and they belonged to Vala. She didn’t say anything, just slid into the bathing pool next to him. She was naked except for her jewelry and scars.
“It appears I am not the only early riser,” he said.
Vala unpinned her hair and splashed her face with water. “In truth, I haven’t been to bed yet.”
“I see. Perhaps the fates smiled upon Magister Lagurian last night…?”
She snorted. “Hardly. My tastes don’t run to magisters these days.”
Bander knew enough not to pry, so he changed the subject. “The Lord Governor was not who I expected.”
“They never are.”
“I only meant that he seemed more genuinely interested in Tobin’s death than I would have thought.”
“One of Asryn’s few talents. He can make you believe that every word you utter is the most important in the Empire at that moment.”
“Did he know Tobin Leroth?”
“I doubt it.”
“Did he meet him?”
“I’m not sure.” Vala began to wash her long silvery hair. “But if he did, it would have been at an event much like last night’s. Despite his public proclamations to the contrary, the Lord Governor does not possess a high degree of interest in magical research.”
Bander didn’t say anything for a while. The cold water was becoming uncomfortable. He climbed from the bath and shook his head like an old shaggy dog. “We need to know what Tobin Leroth was working on. That’s the key to this whole thing.”
“I doubt very much that Silbra Dal will offer that information. She rebuked you once.”
“I can be very persuasive, if you recall.”
Vala shook her head and smiled. “Maybe a few decades ago…”
“I don’t know, Vala. She was entranced by my charms at the reception.”
“The mage is quite polite—”
“No matter. There may be others we can speak with.” Bander covered himself with the blanket. “Where can I get something to eat at this hour?”
Vala pulled herself from the bath in a single graceful movement and stood beside him, dripping cold water. “My quarters,” she said.
* * *
JUST BEFORE NOON, BANDER AND VALA LEFT THE PALACE DISTRICT BY WAY OF THE CITADEL GATE WHICH MARKED THE BEGINNING OF WIDDERS WAY, THE LONG, PARKLIKE BOULEVARD MARKING THE BOUNDARY BETWEEN THE TEMPLE DISTRICT AND THE MANSION-FILLED GOLD COIN DISTRICT. Their destination was neither. Instead they sought out the part of the city where a famulus mage might spend his day off: the Merchant’s Quarter.
Vala was dressed in the black leathers of her office and Bander wore a borrowed Falward uniform without any insignia save the palace brooch he had been issued yesterday. They cut imposing figures as they strode through the already-crowded streets of the Quarter. No merchant welcomed a visit from the Falward, so shopkeepers arranging their wares averted their eyes as Vala and Bander passed.
Mill Street ran along the southern border of the Bazaar, a maze-like square teeming with hundreds of shops ranging from ancient two-story buildings of timber and stone to tent-like stalls erected that morning. The Bazaar stretched for almost a quarter mile on each side and arguable was the center of commerce in the North. Inns, taverns, bistros, and public houses bordered the square. Vala led Bander to a relatively new establishment at the end of Mill Street called The Plover’s Twin. It had been built just last year upon the ashes of the previous alehouse, The Crooked Goat, which Bander recalled from his past visits to the city.
The Twin was filled with light-colored wood and decorative plants and had a row of large windows facing Mill Street. It was the complete opposite of the dark old pub Bander remembered. Vala explained that this establishment was owned by the Tyroda family, a long line of barkeeps and innkeepers who also ran the venerable Plover Inn in the Silver Coin District.
While Vala spoke with the publican, Bander surveyed the tavern. It wasn’t crowded. Most of the patrons appeared to be merchants and tradesmen who looked a bit more prosperous than the usual pub rabble. There was no sign of Hal Deorr, the young mage they were looking for.
“The barkeep knows who Deorr is, but hasn’t seen him for a week, but the mage does frequent this place,” Vala reported back. “Apparently he also spends time at a gaming hall on Spoke Street. I’m going to go there. You stay here in case he shows up. I’ll be back in an hour. Less if Deorr’s there.”
Bander nodded and seated himself in a corner table with a view of the front door. A serving girl walked over to his table. She was young—not yet 16—and had an unruly mass of curly red hair. Bander guessed she was new to the job. She still seemed interested in her customers and hadn’t acquired the protective veneer of a seasoned tavern wench. He ordered a flagon of spiced wine and some honey cakes, and leaned back to wait.
More patrons trickled into The Plover’s Twin over the course of the next hour, but none of them were Hal Deorr. And none of them ventured close to Bander’s corner table. He guessed that his Falward uniform had something to do with it. The citizens of Waterside had good memories. Under Vala’s predecessor, the Falward had a reputation for ruling the streets of the city with an iron hand, terrorizing merchants who didn’t cooperate, and causing certain citizens to disappear from their homes in the middle of the night.
The red-haired serving girl brought him another plate of honey cakes and refilled his glass. He placed his shortstaff on his lap and examined it for cracks. The weapon was three hands long and carved from fire-blackened ironwood. Bander typically went through three or four of them every year, so he never got attached to any one particular weapon, and he certainly did not give the shortstaff a name like other warriors did with their swords. This one had seen some action back in mid-Horning at a freehold near the Rainbow Hills, but he’d avoided any physical altercations since then.
Bander looked up from his shortstaff to see two men enter the tavern. Unlike most of the other patrons, these two were tall and thickset, dressed in the distinctive suede capes and wide-brimmed hats of Underfoot rangemen. Definitely out of place here. The taller of the rangemen, who had sandy hair and a short beard, spoke with the barkeep. The other, darker with a big bull neck, surveyed the Plover’s customers—including Bander. Bander met his gaze with the bored, but aggressive stare he’d perfected as an Imperial Guard and eventually Bull Neck looked away.
The two rangemen left after a few minutes. Bander signaled to the serving girl and asked her to tell the barkeep that he wanted a word. The man received the message, nodded at Bander, and walked over. He was a redhead like the serving girl and Bander wondered if they were relatives.
“Is everything to your liking, constable?”
Bander ignored the question. “Sit, please.” He leaned back in his own chair, but was careful not to break it. “Those men—the rangemen—what were they inquiring about?”
“They were in need of a mage, they said. Some sort of issue with their wagons…”
“And why would they not go to the guildhall?”
“I got the impression that they did not have the coin to hire a mage through official channels.”
“So they were looking for a famulus?”
“I believe they were, constable. They asked about young master Deorr. Said that he was recommended…”
“And what did you tell them?”
“The same as I told you, sir. That Deorr sometimes spends time here—and sometimes he plays pone at the gaming hall.”
“Did they ask which gaming hall?”
The publican paused for a moment, trying to remember. “I don’t believe they did, but there is only the one here in the Merchant’s Quarter.”
Bander was getting a bad feeling. “What’s the name of this gaming hall and where exactly is it?”
* * *
THE NAME OF THE GAMING HALL WAS RIDDLEDORP AND IT WAS THE ONE VALA WENT TO. Except when Bander arrived at the sprawling, one-story structure on Spoke Street, there was no sign of Vala. Bander strolled through each room in the hall and questioned the proprietor as well as four serving girls. No one had seen Vala. There was also no sign of Hal Deorr.
Bander left Riddledorp and headed south along Spoke Street back towards the Palace District. It was possible that Vala might have been called back to the Falward barracks by one of her men, but that would have required a chance meeting. Too much of a coincidence. And Bander didn’t believe in coincidences.
As he turned the corner towards Bedbury Alley, he caught a glimpse of motion in his peripheral vision. The street was clotted with people, but there was something too purposeful about this movement. Bander was being hunted.
Bedbury Alley was a twisting east/west passage between Spoke Street and Widders Way. It was barely wide enough for two men to walk abreast. Bander turned the corner and moved quickly down the lane. His eyes darted around—looking for the right spot. He glimpsed a rug merchant’s storefront—adorned with a rack of colorful Myssian runners. Perfect.
Bander slipped behind a hanging rug and squatted down, his legs tensed and ready to spring. From his hiding place, he saw the two rangemen from The Plover enter the lane ten yards away. He waited until they got close then struck—smashing his shortstaff with all his might into Bull Neck’s left knee. As Bull Neck cried out and went down, his partner turned and drew a short sword. Bander exploded out and—using the rug to entangle his foe—crashed down on the sandy-haired rangeman. The sword went clattering away, and Bander crushed the man’s head against the cobblestones like a ripe sugarmelon. One down.
Bull Neck lurched about in pain, but he had the presence of mind to loose a weapon from his belt. It was a long rangeman’s whip, with a four yard braided lash. As Bander turned to face the big rangeman, the whip arced out and sliced Bander’s face—barely missing his eye. Bander jerked back and stumbled. Bull Neck grinned and threw the whip out again. This time Bander blocked the blow with his shortstaff, which the whip encircled. Bull Neck pulled back, ripping the shortstaff from Bander’s grip—but that’s exactly what Bander wanted. With the whip encumbered by his shortstaff, Bander launched himself at Bull Neck, closing the distance in one leap. His elbow smashed into the bridge of Bull Neck’s nose. Two down. And done.
Bander leaned back against the alley wall, gulping air. Blood dripped from his cheek in fat splats on the cobblestones. Shopkeepers and passersby stared at the bodies, but all kept their distance. After he caught his breath, Bander examined Bull Neck. The man was alive, but unconscious. Bander turned the man’s head so the rangeman wouldn’t drown in his own blood. After retrieving his shortstaff and the rangemen’s weapons, Bander searched both men. He found several knives, two satchels, and three belt pouches. Everything got tied in a bundle made of Bull Neck’s cloak. Now it was time to wait.
A quarter hour later, two city guardsmen arrived. One drew his sword and approached Bander, while the other stood twenty yards back with a loaded crossbow. Bander stood up and held out his palace brooch.
“I am working with Vala, First Woman of the Falward. My name is Bander and I have jurisdiction granted by the Lord Governor.”
The guardsman with the sword cautiously moved closer to inspect Bander’s brooch. “What happened here?”
“These two Southerners tried to attack me. One of the men is dead. The other is my prisoner. I need him conveyed to the Lawhouse for interrogation at once.”
“Yes, sir!” The guardsman noticed Bander’s bloody face. “Do you require a healer, sir?”
Bander wiped his cheek. “No, but the prisoner will.” Without stopping, Bander made his way to the Falward barracks and asked the captain on duty if Vala had checked in, but was told that no one had seen her today. He went to his bunk room and dumped his makeshift pack on the bed. Item by item he went through everything. There were over a thousand regmarks worth of cut gems in the pouches, as well as enough gold coins to keep the men living in high style for weeks. The knives had a double-headed serpent mark near the hilt signifying that they were from Pecht, a well-known sword smith in Laketon. The whip, satchels, and pouches were made of Steading leather. The good stuff. But there were no scrolls, no maps, nothing that might suggest why the rangemen were so far north and what they might be doing in Waterside. He was confident that Bull Neck might be able to shine a lantern on that particular question. 
Bander kept the coins, gems, and a belt pouch then dumped everything else into a chest beneath the bed and headed to the prison across from the Lawhouse complex. He identified himself to the guards manning the sally port and was led inside and down to the cell holding Bull Neck. The rangeman was asleep on a cot with a bandaged face. Attending him was a drawn, wizened Kaarnan healer who introduced himself as Hoorik Embra. He seemed reasonably competent, but he had bad news for Bander.
“This man is not responding to my spells. He remains in a deep, unnatural slumber,” Hoorik Embra said.
“Unnatural?”
“His heart beats steadily. His wounds have been treated. He has no injuries to his head. There is no earthly reason why he should not awaken.”
“Poison?”
“None that I can detect.”
Bander thought for a moment. Then raised his short staff to strike the unconscious rangeman. Hoorik stayed his hand. “No need to be so crude, sir.” The healer laid his left hand on Bull Neck’s chest and then, in a single sharp movement, forcefully pressed down upon the man’s heart. Still Bull Neck did not stir.
“No man could remain still against that palpitation.”
Bander couldn’t argue with that. Another possibility came into his head. “Did you examine his body?”
“Only where he was injured.”
“Let us remove his garments.”
It took both of them several minutes and quite a bit of effort to maneuver the big man out of his breeches and shirt. Bander inspected the skin on the rangeman’s chest above his sternum.
“What do you seek?” Hoorik Embra asked.
“Chest wounds, scars—”
The healer shook his head. “There is no siddith within him, if that is what you are thinking. The symptoms of that would be quite obvious, sir.”
Bander remembered the one and only time he saw a live siddith. It was a fearsome parasitic creature the size of a man’s fist with a single unblinking eye. Insect-like and extremely rare, siddiths were used by dark mages as a means of coercion and control. The one he had seen over 20 years ago had been implanted in the chest of an assassin sent to murder Regent Findlyn. When the assassin was captured, the siddith burrowed into the man’s heart and devoured it. That image never left Bander’s mind.
“You may be on the right track, however,” the healer said. He rummaged through his satchel until he found a vial with a red lacquered top. The vial contained a rust-colored powder which Hoorik sprinkled on Bull Neck’s lips and tongue. The healer then adjusted the rangeman’s head and neck to keep his mouth open.
“Ground powdered edgeweed,” Hoorik explained. “It will draw out any of veinworms which may be living within this man.”
“Could veinworms keep him in such a stupor?”
“It’s possible. The venom of the blue veinworm causes that reaction in those with a certain mineral deficiency in the blood. Though I have to confess, I have never witnessed such a thing myself.”
Bander drew close to inspect Bull Neck’s mouth. “I don’t see any.”
“It takes at least an hour for the edgeweed to draw them out. If there are any to be summoned, that is. I will wait.”
“Thank you, healer. The life of a very important person may depend on making this man able to speak to us. I shall return within the hour. If you learn something before then, leave word with the Falward.”
“Of course, sir.”
Bander left the prison and headed back into the city proper, specifically to The Plover’s Twin. His body was starting to cramp badly—making him regret the decision not to request healing from Hoorik. At the Plover, the red-haired serving girl was still on duty, but she reported that Vala had not returned. He then decided to trace the path between the tavern and the gaming hall, step by step, but unfortunately the most expeditious route Vala could have taken would have been to wind her way northwest through the Bazaar itself. He slowly navigated the maze of stalls, shops, wagons, and tents and pushed through the throngs trying to imagine which way Vala would have gone, questioning merchants as he walked. No one had seen Vala. Or at least no one admitted to seeing her.
It was the same story at the Riddledorp gaming hall. No Vala. No Hal Deorr. Bander could feel his patience evaporate in the late afternoon sun. He was eager to get back to the prison see if the healer had caught any veinworms, but he had to make one more stop. This time he traveled through the Temple District—with its imposing fanes, churches, sanctuaries, and temples. There were far fewer people on the street in this area, and most of the buildings were shuttered and abandoned. At the gala last night Bander had heard bits of a discussion between noblemen about a plan to reclaim parts of the Temple District and convert some of the old churches there to residences. Standing in the long shadows of these edifices, Bander was struck with how profoundly wrong that idea was. This was not a place of joy and light. Not a place for families to live. He looked up to see the largest of the old temples. It was covered with brown vines and roots as thick as his chest. Great shaggy falls of moss hung on its walls. This was the ancient Order of the Gargoyle temple. Empty for over 300 years, there was still an almost palpable atmosphere of malevolence lingering on its grounds. 
Bander was happy to leave the Temple District and pass through the Park Gate. Although he knew the answer, he asked the guards on duty if they had seen Vala today. Still no luck. He limped along a wide lane edged by towering ceaon trees, grown gigantic thanks to the shelter of the city walls. Nestled among the ceaons were multistory noble residences and estate houses and then, closer to the Lord Governor’s mansion, a row of guest embassies. The guardsman on duty helped him locate Silbra Dal’s suite at the top of a tower of an old grey-stone consulate building. Bander was out of breath by the time he reached the top floor. The mage’s door opened before he even had a chance to knock.
“Captain…” Silbra Dal’s eyes looked tired.
“May I come in?”
“Of course. Have you news?”
“I do, but none good, I fear.”
Her sitting room was lavishly appointed with tapestries, colorful Myssian rugs, and elaborately-carved furniture. The windows stretched up taller than Bander’s head and provided an expansive view of the Lord Governor’s mansion and beyond.
“Would you care for some spiced nampa tea? Asryn brings it in from the Steppes of Choudri. Quite exquisite—”
“Thank you, Mistress, but no.”
“Then sit, please, and tell me of your news.”
Bander awkwardly tried to ease himself into a low settee facing the window. He knew he could not hide his injuries from the sorceress.
“You are hurt.”
“Nothing substantial. Just these old bones protesting.”
Silbra Dal said nothing.
“Vala is missing,” Bander said. “She may have been taken.”
“Taken? By whom?”
“I do not know yet, Mistress. We wished to speak further with young master Deorr—”
“Without a Guild representative present?” Silbra Dal scowled. “That was ill-advised.”
“We sought him out at a pub in the Bazaar. He never showed up. Vala went to check a gaming establishment across the square. That was the last time I saw her. Just after noon time.”
The sorceress shut her eyes in thought as Bander continued. “Two men arrived at the pub an hour or so later. Rangemen from the Underfoots. They too were inquiring about Deorr.”
“Rangemen? You’re certain?”
“Yes. They marked me in the pub, then lay in wait until I moved out into the open. Then they tracked me from the gaming house.”
“And where are these men now?”
“One is dead. The other is in an unnatural slumber in the Lawhouse prison.”
“By your hand?”
“The dead one, yes.”
“Wearing the Falward black is having its effect on you, I see.”
Bander shrugged off the comment. “The healer is baffled by the condition of the second man. We are checking for veinworms.”
Silbra Dal shook her head. “I don’t mean to tell you how to conduct your investigation, Captain—”
“Then don’t, Mistress. My first priority is to locate Vala. My second is to learn exactly what Tobin Leroth was working on. I believe you can help me with both.”
The sorceress moved to the window and spent some moments gazing out. When she turned back to Bander, she nodded her head. “I will cast a divination to determine the whereabouts of the First Woman. She is essential to this investigation. But I will not reveal anything further about Tobin Leroth’s research. My decision is final. And should you attempt to circumvent the Guild on this matter, there shall be repercussions…”
“We’ve already spoke of such ‘repercussions,’ as you recall, Mistress,” Bander said with a half smile. 
“So we have, Captain, and I am confident that your respect for the Guild’s power and reach shall inform your judgment in this matter. Do we have an understanding?”
“We do.” As Bander struggled to rise from the settee, the sorceress offered her hand and helped him to his feet with surprising strength.
“Believe me when I tell you that the nature of the Tobin Leroth’s research is not at all germane to his murder,” she said in a softer voice. “I can state that with the utmost certainty.”
“I will take your word as truth, Mistress, for I have no other choice.”
“Good. Now let us locate the First Woman.”
As Silbra Dal made preparations for the divination spell, Bander debated whether or not to assemble a small Falward strike team to help him extract Vala from wherever she was being held. The failing of that plan was the fact that he wouldn’t be able to maintain secrecy among Vala’s men, and by extension, the rest of the palace. So far, no one besides himself and Silbra Dal knew that Vala was missing. If he could quietly rescue her, she might have more options. That was the uncertainty. He had no idea of the size of the force that took her, although he suspected that the rangemen had at least two confederates—maybe three. And, as much as he hated to even entertain the thought, there was a chance that Vala was dead. In which case the rescue mission would become a recovery mission and it wouldn’t matter who knew about it. He elected to wait until Silbra Dal located Vala. He’d make the decision at that point.
“I am ready,” Silbra Dal called from a small library room adjacent to her sitting room. Bander found the mage standing at a thick haldwood desk which was scarred and burned from years of use. Resting on the desk was a silvered glass mirror the size of a serving plate surrounded by an array of powdered reagents. “I need some item of the First Woman’s,” she said.
“I don’t have anything of hers,” Bander said. “Perhaps we should go to her quarters.”
“Do you have anything that she touched? A dagger? Even some coins?”
Bander thought for a moment and then pointed to the palace brooch fastened at the neck of his cloak. Vala had pinned it on him after they dressed. “Will this do?”
Silbra Dal didn’t reply—just unfastened the brooch and placed it upon the mirror. “Please fetch me that candle, Captain.”
Bander complied then watched as Silbra Dal mixed the reagents in very particular measures. She arranged the compound in a small circle around the brooch then touched the candle’s flame to the circle. Bander leaned back—expecting a small explosion. Instead the flame cooled to a blue color, then spread like water on top of the mirror. Silbra Dal brushed the brooch aside, then pronounced an incantation. Images swirled and danced between the mirror and the blue flame, but from his vantage point Bander could not make out what they were. The mage’s eyes fluttered and she stumbled back—almost striking her head on the haldwood bookshelves in back of the desk. Bander caught her and eased the sorceress into a chair. “It’s easier when the fetching item belongs to the subject,” she said.
“Does Vala live?” he asked.
“Yes.” The mage’s skin was drained of color. She took a deep breath. “She is locked in the Lord Governor’s prison.”
“What?”
“In chains—”
“Are you certain?”
Before Silbra Dal could answer, there was a loud crack and the door to her sitting room splintered inward. Three black-clad Falward guardsmen burst into the suite and advanced towards the library. “Halt!” the lead guard yelled. “Hands in the air! Now!” His short sword was out and he had a truncheon at his belt. The men behind him both leveled compact crossbows at Bander and Silbra Dal.
“What is the meaning of this intrusion?” Silbra Dal demanded.
“Resisting arrest…” the lead guard called out—not to them, but to his fellow guardsman. 
Bander had experienced this scenario before. From both sides. And it wasn’t good. These guards were justifying murder to themselves. 
“Down!” he screamed to the mage. Bander snatched up the fiery mirror and flung it at the closest crossbowman just as the crossbowmen loosed their bolts. The mirror splashed its magical flame at the guardsman. Time seemed to slow as the bolt meant for him whizzed past his shoulder while the one meant for Silbra Dal slammed into the chair where she had been a moment before. Heeding his warning, the sorceress dove to the floor. 
All at once the lead guard was on him, chopping down diagonally with his short sword. The short sword was a good weapon in close quarters like these, but only if you used it correctly—jabbing and slashing with small, quick movements. The guard was swinging it like a battle axe, going for a killing blow. It was the wrong tactic and Bander planned on chiding Vala for her poor training—if he ever saw her again. But right now he pivoted on the outside of the guard’s swing and smashed the heel of his hand into the swordsman’s wrist. The sword went clattering to the ground just as Bander’s forehead slammed into the bridge of the guard’s nose, crushing his face. The guard crumpled like a scarecrow that fell off his pole.
The two crossbowmen stared in surprise. They were not used to seeing a fellow Falward go down so quickly. As the men began to free their blades, Bander took a long step in towards them and grabbed each man’s cloak below the chin. He then spun, and with all his strength, smashed them headfirst into the bookcases. The shorter man’s face erupted in blood where a shelf caught him on his cheek. The other managed to lessen the impact by bringing his arm up. As the guard staggered from the bookshelves, Bander elbowed him in the temple, dropping him neatly to the floor.
Bander limped over to where Silbra Dal lay and helped her back into the chair. “Are you hurt?”
She shook her head. “What was that?”
“Someone wants us dead. We need to get out of here.”
“I must contact the Guild.”
“Our first priority is to get away from the Falward. Someone has usurped—” Bander interrupted himself. The faint sound of voices yelling from outside caught his attention. He hobbled to the great windows in the sitting room. From that vantage point he saw a dozen Falward guardsmen on horseback gallop towards the consulate.
“Reinforcements! You need to do something. Now—”
“I’m too weak!”
“I don’t care. Try!” Bander toppled over one of the massive bookcases into the doorway, sending rare books flying.
“I could stoneflow a barrier…”
“They’d burn us out.”
“I don’t have the power for anything else!”
“Well then, I’ve enjoyed making your acquaintance, Mistress—” He pushed another bookshelf over, blocking the doorway.
“They must listen to me. I’m the Guild Representative. This is a grave error!”
The sound of men racing up the stairs alerted Bander. He tossed a lit candle on the makeshift bookcase barrier and the dry old books immediately ignited.
“Come on!” Bander dragged Silbra Dal to the back bedroom and bolted the door shut. Wincing with pain, he made his way to the window. The ground was at least twenty yards below, but if they could somehow make it down and steal some horses— 
As he turned back to the sorceress, the window behind him shattered and an arrow tumbled into the room. A second flew clear and stuck in the beam of the ceiling with a powerful thunk! And then a volley of at least a dozen more arrows sprayed into the room. At the same time, the bedroom door buckled and cracked as the guardsmen began to force it open. 
What a damn fool way to go, thought Bander. Trapped like a mouse in a trap. He raised his hands and prepared to call out and surrender.
But Silbra Dal pulled him towards the window. She muttered something under her breath. There on the ledge they locked eyes for the briefest moment and Bander noticed for the first time that the young sorceress had eyes the color of amethysts. 
And then, without warning, they were falling. 
* * *
AT JUST AFTER MIDNIGHT, NEARLY A THOUSAND MILES TO THE SOUTH, A LONE RIDER ARRIVED AT A RUN-DOWN, BUT POPULAR INN OUTSIDE OF THE TOWN OF SWAIN ON THE DELTA. The inn, which was called the Talbot, was popular because of its location—at the crossroads of four well-maintained roads leading southwest to Rundlun, northwest to Hamwick, northeast to Three Rivers, and southeast to The Steading. The Talbot was run down because its proprietor, a man named Lawe, knew that the inn would do a brisk business no matter what its condition—as long as there was a roof overhead and ale in the casks.
A breeze blew in from the river, balmy and damp, and a full moon lit the yard near the stables where the rider tied his horse. Sounds of laughter and revelry spilled from the Talbot. Sure enough, as the rider entered the inn, he saw that it was packed with customers. He hefted his satchel, pulled his hood forward to cover his face, and made his way to the long bar which ran along the entire north wall of the common room. It took a several minutes to catch the attention of the barkeep, a loud young man who seemed to enjoy gabbing with the patrons more than serving ale. 
“I seek Daras Mirth,” the rider said.
The barkeep’s demeanor quickly shifted. “He’s in the office.” The man nodded to a door in the corner of the room. “First door to your right as you enter… sir.”
The rider pushed his way through the crowd, careful to keep his hood up over his face. He slipped through the door and found himself in a short dark corridor with three doors and stairs leading up to the second floor. He entered the first door on the right without knocking and found himself in an office. A lanky man dressed in suede had his boots up on the desk like he owned the place. Beside him on the desk was a wide-brimmed hat, a coiled whip, a half-empty bottle of very expensive Iorlian wine, and two goblets.
“You’re late,” the lanky man said.
“But you’re still here.” 
“Had to convey the news myself. The deed is done.”
“Congratulations, Mirth. You’re now a rich man.” The rider unslung his satchel and dropped it on the desk with a heavy thunk. 
“I’m already a rich man.” 
“Well, now you are richer.” 
“In that case let us celebrate.” Daras Mirth filled both goblets and toasted his companion. “To Chaos!”
The rider’s hood shifted as he took a drink, revealing the face of Bryn Eresthar, Lord Governor of Laketon. “To Chaos!”
THROUGH THE PORTAL
BANDER WAS FALLING. He saw the ground flying at him as he tried to tuck his body into a roll. And then it was like the entire world stretched out and snapped back in an instant. He felt his stomach flop and then blackness.
* * *
HE WOKE UP ON A COT IN A TILED BEDROOM WITH HIGH CEILINGS. His head and left arm were bandaged and he felt a long gash of dried blood on his neck. Warm morning light streamed in through a row of clerestory windows, but the air was cool and fresh.
Bander got out of the cot and moved on shaky legs to a stand with a wash basin. He splashed himself with water and, after he was feeling more awake, made his way to the exit. As he pushed open the bedroom door he heard the tinkling of bells. He was met outside in the corridor by a short Tengan serving woman who bowed and said, “Please sir, to follow me this way, please…”
The woman led him towards the sound of voices and the corridor opened up into the parlor of a manor house in Lhawster he had visited not two days ago. He recognized the fat wizard Harnotis Kodd lounging on a richly-patterned wormcloth divan, picking at a plate of hinkleberries. Across from him, sitting on an equally opulent ottoman, was the young mage Silbra Dal. As Bander entered, she looked up with a hint of surprise and concern in her eyes.
“Captain, are you well—?”
“Well enough—thanks to you, Mistress.” He stretched slowly—testing his muscles.
“Thanks to Harnotis Kodd actually.” She nodded at the wizard. “I was too weak to teleport us, but I was able to use farspeech to communicate with Master Kodd. It was he who brought us here to Lhawster.”
“At great cost, I might add,” said Harnotis Kodd.
“I am most grateful,” Bander said.
“Among other things, you owe me a new work table, Captain. You came through the portal like a bargafish and smashed a good portion of my laboratory,” the fat wizard grinned.
Bander didn’t say anything. Harnotis Kodd shook his head. “You’ve never gone ice fishing in the Anga Wastes? Sometimes you catch but a fingerling.” The wizard motioned at Silbra Dal. “Other times the fish you pull from the ice is a bargafish—big enough to destroy your fishing hut.”
“Put it on my account, Master.” Bander still has the gems he took from the rangemen, but he had a feeling he should keep them for a while.
“That I will,” Harnotis Kodd said.
Bander turned back toward Silbra Dal. “We must return to Waterside.”
“It’s not that simple. It seems that we have a price on our heads,”  she said.
“Quite true,” said Harnotis Kodd. “I heard the news this morning at The Badger. The herald spoke of the murders of several guards and at least two mages connected with the Esoterium.”
“Two?” Bander asked. “Two mages?”
“Hal Deorr is dead. I confirmed the news via scrying crystal. I spoke with Grand Guild Master Ramipoor’s prelate. We are believed to be the killers.”
”That would explain the Falward’s behavior back in your quarters,” Bander said. “But it doesn’t change the fact that we’re going back to Waterside to free Vala.”
“I’m traveling to Laketon.” Silbra Dal said without emotion.
“Laketon?”
“I’ve been recalled by my Guild. Under censure.”
Bander thought for a moment. There were three Followings of the Mage Guild: Red, Black, and White and they divided up jurisdiction of the major cities of Harion. Lhawster was under Red jurisdiction and the closest White enclave was Laketon—situated nearly 700 miles to the west, on the shores of Lake Nenring. 
“Come with me,” Silbra Dal said. It wasn’t a command—more like a plea.
Bander did not reply.
“There will likely be bounty hunters in Laketon,” interjected Harnotis Kodd.
“That is one of my concerns,” Silbra Dal said.
“I can loan you enough for a public portal to Laketon, but after that I am afraid I have reached the limits of my generosity.”
“Why can’t you teleport there yourself,” Bander asked Silbra Dal.
“I am forbidden. The censure. No magic until the Guild passes judgement.”
Bander shook his head. These days he had a deep aversion to rules and regulations. Especially those of the Guild.
* * *
LHAWSTER’S PUBLIC WAYSTATION WAS LOCATED A TEN MINUTE WALK BEYOND THE WEST GATE, WHICH WAS THE CLOSEST CITY GATE TO THE CARAVAN COURT. It was north of Fisher Town, the dilapidated shanty village populated by those who eked out their livelihoods on the shore of the Slith River. Unfortunately, the waystation was not immune to the stench which blew in from the river.
Bander adjusted his couvir which did little to prevent the smell from reaching his nostrils, but did serve to hide his face from the guards and scribes who recorded Bander and Silbra Dal’s names and destinations as they entered the large circular building and paid the exorbitant fee to travel by public portal. Bander was dressed in one of Harnotis Kodd’s unwanted cloaks, a garish patchwork design favored by the upper class of Lhawster. Beneath his cloak, Bander was armed with a heavy sap—purchased an hour ago at a weapon shop on Dock Street on the edge of town. A few steps behind him, Silbra Dal, dressed in the drab borrowed skirt, shawl, and cloak of Harnotis Kodd’s serving woman, kept her eyes down and shuffled along, playing the part of a servant expertly.
The interior of the waystation was cool and relatively uncrowded, with a few dozen merchants, scholars, and even a few diplomats milling about waiting for the next portal to open. The octagonal structure was made of cut stone blocks rising up to a tall tiled ceiling. Pairs of polished stone columns were arranged in each alcove of the building. It was between these pillars that the red-robed portal mages would open their gateways to the various waystations in other cities. 
Bander made a show of easing his body onto a stone bench near the portal to Laketon. Silbra Dal stood nearby, attentive. The guards did not pay them any mind, although that wasn’t entirely surprising. Portal guards were much more focused on those desiring entry to a city not departing it.
A clerk announced that the Laketon portal would be opening in a few minutes and a handful of travelers began to make their way to the pillars inscribed with the name of their destination. Bander did not particularly like to travel by portal. There were some scholars who believed that the body reacted adversely to the minute, but unnatural strain of teleportation and that every journey might shorten a man’s lifespan by a measure. But there was no denying that a few moments of disorientation were generally preferable to weeks of travel by horse. Still, most citizens of the empire could not afford nearly a year’s worth of wages for a single journey, so portal travel remained an expensive luxury. 
As the portal mages gathered at the Laketon pillars and began their incantations, Bander wondered if his friend Bryn Eresthar, the Lord Governor of Laketon was back Laketon. Two days ago at Abuth Asryn’s reception in Waterside, the word was that Bryn was in the South—in the Imperial capital of Rundlun—conferring with the Viceroy. Who knew where he might be today? The reason Bander agreed to accompany Silbra Dal to Laketon was that he believed that Bryn would be able to offer assistance in freeing Vala. Soon he was about to find out if this were a good assumption.
“Laketon Portal! Opening now!” called the clerk. 
Bander stood up from the bench and stretched. Before they left, Harnotis Kodd’s healer had repaired much of the damage of the past two days so Bander was feeling as good as he had in a while. When it was their turn, Bander and Silbra Dal stepped through the shimmering portal into another waystation 818 miles away.
* * *
“MOVE ALONG!” SHOUTED A CLERK WITH A SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT ACCENT. The Laketon waystation looked much like the octagonal building they had just left in Lhawster. The stone was a different shade of grey and the portal mages wore white instead of red, but other than that, the structures were twins. This wasn’t surprising, since all the waystations in Harion had been built by the Mage Guild on land leased from the cities.
Bander scanned the area for people who looked out of place. Harnotis Kodd had mentioned the possibility of bounty hunters, but Bander didn’t think they’d be able to organize quickly enough to be here at the waystation. But informants working for bounty hunters just might be. Bander didn’t see anyone unusual. Keeping in character, he and Silbra Dal plodded towards the exit.
Outside the air was cool and damp and it was raining—as usual. Laketon, as its name suggested, was built on the shores of the expansive Lake Nenring, which lay in the shadow of the Cadaenor Mountains to the northwest. It rained 95 days out of 100 in the Laketon area, which resulted in a green sheen of moss on nearly every surface.
Laketon’s waystation was located just south of the city in a poor outskirts officially known as Southward, although everyone referred to the village as ‘Mudton’ because of its unpaved lanes which resembled rivers of mud eight months out of the year and frozen rivers of mud the rest of the time. A throng of beggars accosted Bander and Silbra Dal as they left the waystation. Bander pushed through them and led Silbra Dal to a stand beside the main road where bedecked coaches could be hired to carry passengers a few hundred yards to the South Gate. They chose one of the less gaudily painted coaches and Bander instructed the driver to take them not to the South Gate, but instead to the Temple Gate on the east side of the city.
As they rode, Bander admired the green stone of the Ramparts rising up from the mist. The Ramparts were an engineering marvel constructed over a thousand years ago. Back then Laketon had double rings of walls built ten to twenty yards apart. During the reign of the House of Forn, members of that ruling family embarked on a massive construction project which roofed over the double walls and built chambers within, creating the largest enclosed structure in the world: a city-within-a-city that spanned a length of nearly five miles and was filled with two levels of shops, stalls, workshops, apartments, and other residences. Over a quarter of the population of Laketon—15,000 people—lived and worked inside the Ramparts. It took a man close to three hours to travel the length of the structure and it was said that anything that was for sale in the Empire could be found within the Ramparts. 
Bander had always been fascinated by the challenges that the Ramparts posed from a public safety standpoint. During the first year of his wandering, he spent a full month in the city studying the Ramparts as the guest of his friend Lord Governor Bryn Eresthar. Bryn explained that there were two big issues with the structure: fire and crime. In the early days of the Ramparts, thousands of people died every year when fires raged through the building. This led to strict laws forbidding flames of any sort within 20 yards of the Ramparts. All cooking fires, hearths, smelting furnaces, and even oil lamps and candles had to be located outside. During one of the many renovations to the Ramparts, veins of lightstone were built in to the interior brickwork to provide light within the structure, and bright crystals and other fire-free illumination devices have always been in high demand by the inhabitants of the Ramparts. A second line of defense against fire was a system of aqueducts and cisterns which ran along the top of the wall. Any accidental fires could be dealt with by pulling a lever which would release a rain of water throughout that section of the building. Finally, the most effective deterrent was the set of huge iron doors on each end of every 100-yard section of the Ramparts. In case of fire, the burning section could be quickly sealed off using counterweights and gears to automatically close the doors. In practice this meant that citizens who did not evacuate in time might be trapped within the blaze. As draconian as this procedure was, it led to careful self-policing among the residents—which reduced the number of fires to a handful of non-fatal incidents per year.
Crime was a different matter. The sheer density of people living, working, and conducting trade within the Ramparts resulted in a much greater incidence of robberies, swindling, brawls, muggings, rape, and murder. So far, of all of the recent Lord Governors, Bryn Eresthar had made the most progress in keeping the peace with his squadron of city guards known as “Flyers.” Members of this elite unit were recruited from the best guardsmen in the city and then trained for a half year in a special type of gymnastics and line work. It was remarkable to see a Flyer in action. They normally patrolled the catwalk which ran along the top of the Ramparts, but at any sign of trouble, they used a cunning rope harness fitted with hooks and pulleys to swoop to the ground in a few seconds like a bird of prey, allowing them a tremendous element of surprise. To combat larger scale criminal activities, Flyers could activate the fire doors and seal in sections of the Ramparts, trapping a criminal gang within a 100-yard partition of the structure. 
As the carriage drew closer to the Temple Gate, Bander could see the silhouettes of Flyers patrolling the top of the Ramparts. With their long black cloaks made from oiled seretskin, they looked like wraiths in the grey mist.
“Master,” said Silbra Dal, still playing the part of servant girl, “will our first stop be at the weavers?”
“I haven’t decided yet.” Bander guessed that ‘weavers’ was her code word for ‘guildhall.’ The young sorceress was eager to comply with her superior’s command. Bander, on the other hand, was more interested in meeting with his friend the Lord Governor Bryn Eresthar.
He told the carriage driver to let them off at the Temple Gate and not proceed inside. After registering—under false names—and paying an entrance tax, Bander and Silbra Dal were admitted into the city-state of Laketon. As soon as they were out of earshot of the gate guards, Silbra Dal reverted to her usual haughty demeanor.
“I insist that you escort me to the guildhall at once, Captain. I have had enough of these charades.”
“Not charades, precautions. And these precautions got us here in one piece, Mistress.”
“You have my gratitude, Captain. Now may we proceed?”
The guildhall was located in the tallest building in Laketon: the old cathedral. Logistically, it did make sense to go there first as they were in the Temple Court neighborhood and the guildhall was just a few blocks away. 
“We’ll need to travel on the streets, so I hope you don’t mind the rain.”
Silbra Dal nodded and pulled her cloak tight against the cool drizzle and they set off through Abbey Gardens and down along Turnbury Street to the old cathedral. They arrived without incident. Bander hesitated at the top of the wide marble staircase leading to the main entrance of the guildhall. “I will meet you back here in two hours time,” he said.
“I assumed you would accompany me within…”
“I must seek out the Lord Governor. Time is of the essence.”
“The Guild Master may wish to speak with you.”
“That is of no concern of mine. Unless he is interested in teleporting me inside the Waterside Prison…”
“You never know. This incident has been a great affront to the Guild. And I am confident that the Synod will take some sort of action, though teleportation within the walls of a prison is impossible as you know…”
“Relorcan?”
“Most certainly.”
Bander thought for a moment and then followed Silbra Dal inside. As soon as she announced herself to the clerk on duty in the reception area, she was taken into the bowels of the guildhall, while Bander was asked to wait on hard bench in the front hallway.
He eased his big frame into an attempt at a comfortable position and waited. He didn’t mind waiting in general, since he had always been a patient man, but today was different. He decided to give Silbra Dal a quarter hour before he left. That was the most he figured he could spare at this point.
At roughly the twelve minute mark, a white-robed acolyte emerged from a back corridor and looked into the waiting area. His eyes met Bander’s.
“Captain Bander?”
Bander got up and moved towards the acolyte, a tall bald man. “Lead on.”
The man didn’t move. “Guild Master Lestralle asked me to convey our thanks for escorting Mistress Silbra Dal safely here. You have the Guild’s lasting gratitude.” He bowed formally. “Good day to you, sir.”
“That’s all well and good, mage, but Silbra Dal and I have unfinished business to attend to. Elsewhere.”
“I’m afraid that’s not possible at this time.”
“What do you mean, ‘at this time?’” Bander was quickly losing his patience.
“I mean that the adept remains under censure. At the present time she is not leaving the guildhall.”
“I’d like to speak with her. Bring her out.”
“That is impossible, sir.”
“Then I’ll find her myself.” Bander pushed past the startled man and strode into the back corridor, which was richly appointed with tapestries and Myssian carpets. Doors led off in three different directions. Bander heard cries behind him.
“Stop!”
But that was the last thing Bander was going to do. He scanned the ground—noticing where the carpet was most worn—then opened the door there. He found himself in another hallway which wound its way towards the rear of the hall.
“This is your last chance!” The acolyte was preparing to cast a spell. Bander hoped it was a holding spell or slow spell and not something fatal. He didn’t look back; just turned a corner into another passage which ended in a set of elaborately carved double doors guarded by a tall battle mage with dark hair and a pointed beard which gave him a baleful appearance.
Behind Bander, the air crackled and rippled as the acolyte cast his spell. Fortunately, the spell—whatever it was—fizzled into nothingness. This surprised both the acolyte and the battle mage—who was readying a spell of his own. The fact of the matter was that Bander’s body had a natural resistance to attack spells. It wasn’t enough to make him impervious to magic by any means. But every time a spell was cast at him, there was a small, but notable, chance that the spell just wouldn’t work. This was a fairly rare attribute, but one that had immensely aided his career as Red Shoulder Captain of the Imperial Guard.
The battle mage was undeterred by the acolyte’s failure. He lifted his arms to cast his own attack spell. But before he could complete the spell, Bander’s elbow caught the mage under his chin, lifted his body a hand’s length off the floor, and slammed him into the double doors, which burst open into the room. As the man’s body flopped on to the ground, Bander was reminded of a saying he used while training his guardsmen: “A battle mage is still a mage.” He grimaced and looked around the chamber. The circular room was obviously the Guild Master’s office. It smelled of incense and there were tapestries, ornate bookshelves, divans, and a large ironwood desk behind which an older man in white robes—presumably the Guild Master—observed the intrusion without emotion.
“Enough!” the old man yelled in a powerful voice, which stopped Bander. 
But the Guild Master wasn’t speaking to him. The old man commanded the acolyte to remove the unconscious battle mage and leave the room. Then he motioned Bander to sit. “You embarrassed Raggur Nil…”
“Who?”
“My battle mage…”
“Please convey my apologies when he wakes up.” Bander smiled slightly.
“I wouldn’t make light of the affront, Captain. Raggur Nil allowed you to surprise him. He won’t make that mistake again.”
“I’ll be careful.”
“I think it is too late for that.”
“Where is Silbra Dal?”
“She has been recalled to Rundlun for an inquisition into the matter in Waterside.”
“When will she return? Tomorrow?”
The Guild Master sighed and sat down across from Bander. Bander noticed that the man had a large hook nose with a prominent scar running under one eye. “Not that it is any business of yours, but she departs in the morn—by horse. The Grand Guild Master is not especially eager to see the adept and I believe the long journey will give her time to reflect upon the embarrassment she has caused the Guild.”
“Embarrassment? For what? Not getting herself killed? Saving my life?” Bander suppressed the urge to spit. “This is absurd. Do you even know what transpired in Waterside?”
“We know enough. And we shall know more when our own investigation is complete.”
“There is a conspiracy against the Guild. Two of your members were murdered, another almost—”
The mage cut him off. “You are welcome to join Silbra Dal in Rundlun to plead your case directly, Captain. It is no concern of mine.”
“I’ve had enough of playing nursemaid.”
“Then I believe our business has been concluded.” The Guild Master rose.
So did Bander. He leaned in close and spoke quietly. “I want to see Silbra Dal.”
“Really, Captain? You threaten me?”
“Battle mage… Guild Master… what’s the difference?” Bander growled. “You’re all still flesh and blood.” 
The Guild Master met his eyes with a hard look and Bander prepared for the worst. He had never taken on a Guild Master before. He figured if it came down to it, he might get one good blow in. That might be enough…
But then the old man’s face broke into a smile and he clapped Bander on the back. “You do have a way about you, Captain. I shall give you that. Quite persistent. Very well. Return in one hour. The adept will have completed her meditations. You may say your goodbyes then.”
* * *
BANDER WAS HUNGRY. But he knew he didn’t have a lot of time to get across the crowded city and back within an hour. The Palace District was on the far western edge of Laketon, more than a mile away. Maybe if he cut through the southern edge of the Futhark Emporium he might be able to find a street vendor selling meat skewers or stonebread. Then he could take Table Street across the city to the castle. That would work. But he’d be getting wet. Very wet. The weather had worsened but there was no time for a detour to the shelter of the Ramparts.
Ironically, it was the rain which gave Bander two seconds of advance notice that he was being attacked. 
After leaving the guildhall, Bander found himself pushing through the throngs of merchants, hawkers, barkers, beggars, porters, and shoppers who swarmed through the Emporium, a gargantuan marketplace that sprawled along the south shore of Laketon’s harbor. The Emporium was nearly as large as Waterside’s Bazaar, but unlike that city’s market (which was a collection of hundreds of independent merchants) the Emporium was operated by a single company. The venerable Futhark Trading Company had held the mercantile charter in Laketon for over 27 generations. That meant that it controlled all the retail trade within the city’s official marketplace. Independent vendors existed around the fringes of the city, and certainly within the Ramparts, but most citizens gave their money to Futhark—one way or another. 
Bander contemplated this monopoly as he gnawed his grilled meat skewer and strolled down Duke’s Cross. He cut through the manufacturing district south of the Emporium where huge factories, workshops, and mill buildings towered above his head. The streets were quieter here, with few pedestrians—just the occasional two-wheeled delivery cart stacked high with sacks of grain or bolts of cloth. As he stepped into an alley way to avoid being splashed by a cart, he saw the puddle. Or more specifically—what was reflected in the puddle. It was a dark human shape hurtling toward him. Flyer.
Dropping the skewer, Bander dove into the alley and tucked into a roll. Then several things happened nearly at once. Three Flyers slid down their grappling lines and surrounded him. And someone threw a weighted net on him. Which wasn’t good.
Bander knew that there’s not much he could do on the ground in an alley with a net on him. He’d been in this situation many times before. The assailants didn’t have a lot of options. They would either need to kill him or subdue him while he was in the net, or they would have to remove the net. In his experience most usually opted for the latter. The dumb ones tried to haul him to his feet themselves. The smarter ones would make him lie down with a ranged weapon pointed at him before they removed the net. The Flyer behind Bander produced a compact crossbow and instructed Bander to do just that. When Bander was face down, one of the guards kneeled on Bander’s back, reached in through the net, yanked Bander’s arms in back of him, and secured his wrists with a leather strap. He then pulled off the net and hauled Bander to his feet. All in all, perfect procedure. Exactly what Bander would have done himself. Except that last bit. Getting close to Bander while pulling him up—that was a mistake. A bad one. Bander had noticed that the Flyers did not wear helmets—which meant that their heads—or more specifically their faces—were unprotected. 
As the guard hoisted Bander up, Bander snapped his head back in a hard, sharp movement. It was a reverse head butt that caught the Flyer on the bridge of his nose. Crunch! The man stumbled back in blinding pain. Bander pivoted as the second guard fired his crossbow—and missed. At least it missed Bander. The bolt sliced through the arm of the third Flyer who was standing in back of Bander, trying to unsheathe a weapon. Lesson two: when surrounding an enemy, stagger your formation. Especially when there are ranged weapons in play.
Bander ran at the crossbowman like an angry bull. He used his considerable forward momentum to smash the man against the stone wall of the alley with his shoulder, knocking the wind out of him. A powerful kick to the Flyer’s head finished the job.
The remaining guard ignored his wound and pulled a short, single-bladed, hooked axe from a sheath on his back. The axe looked like a sawed-off halberd. Bander recognized the weapon as a werris, the traditional weapon of the Gaurorz Raiders. It was a decent choice for close-quarters combat as you could both slash with its wide blade and jab with the spike at the end of the axe head. The Flyer was smart. He was using the werris to jab at Bander. 
Fighting with his hands behind his back certainly limited Bander’s options. He basically was restricted to using his head and his feet as weapons. The axe-wielding Flyer had already seen Bander use his head to spectacularly smash a guardsman’s face. Bander played the threat up—dancing and bobbing his head like a snake. One of the feints worked. The Flyer saw an apparent opening and jabbed full force with what he believed would be a killing blow.
It didn’t work out that way. Bander spun, narrowly escaping the werris spike, and swept his foot forward, tripping the Flyer. The man stumbled and Bander shuffled a half step—then kicked out with all his might into the Flyer’s ribcage which collapsed like an egg being squeezed. A few seconds later Bander was free of his restraints and in possession of a werris. But as he turned to exit the alley, his path was cut off by the arrival of a mounted guardsman wearing the insignia of Captain of the Guard—as well as a helmet.
“Stand down!” the man bellowed in a commanding voice, as he drew his longsword.
“By whose authority?” Bander replied. Axe versus sword. He liked those odds better.
There was some hesitation, then the man’s voice shifted to a normal tone, albeit one of disbelief. “Bander?” 
“Tarthas Jorr?”
The guardsman swung down from his horse in a single perfect motion and clasped Bander in a warm hug. Tarthas Kor was about a hand shorter than Bander with a strong, wiry physique and corded muscles like snaca vines. He wore a close-cropped beard that was peppered with grey and he peered out from his helmet with big friendly eyes which belied his ferocity as a warrior. Tarthas Jorr was Bander’s Second down in Rundlun, but the two men hadn’t seen each other in years. 
“What in Dynark’s Blood have you done to my men?” Tarthas Jorr exclaimed as he surveyed the carnage in the alley.
“A little misunderstanding, I fear.”
“Are they dead?”
“I don’t think so.”
While Bander checked the fallen Flyers, Tarthas Jorr exited the alley and blew a urus horn to summon help. Within a few minutes a city patrol arrived and quickly had the situation under control. 
“We need to speak privately, old son,” Tarthas Jorr told Bander. The Captain of the Guard handed his horse over to one of his men and then led Bander to a quiet pub on the edge of the manufacturing district.
“You’re a wanted man,” said Tarthas Jorr once they had been seated in a private room in the back of the pub.
“Is that why your guards were after me?”
“We were notified by the Mage Guild that a fugitive was loose in the vicinity of the cathedral area. I didn’t know it was you. I would have sent six men—”
Bander rolled his eyes.
“Perhaps ten men,” Tarthas Jorr said.
At that point, a barkeep entered with a flagon of mead and some mugs. When he left, Tarthas Jorr leaned in. “What did you do to anger the Mage Guild?”
“I don’t think it was the entire Guild…”
“Don’t tell me—”
“Apparently, I have a new friend. A battle mage named Raggur-something. I facilitated a midmorning nap for him while I had a chat with the Guild Master. I’m supposed to be back there right now to bid farewell to a mage who was helping with my investigation, but I have a suspicion that I may no longer be welcome.”
“You need to get this cleared up,” Tarthas Jorr said as he pushed a mug of mead over to Bander. “Asryn’s bounty hunters started coming in from Waterside this morning. You’ve got the Guild stirred up like a hornet’s nest. There could be an official extradition request any day.”
“I was hoping to speak with Bryn.”
“Get in line. No one has seen him for days.”
“Isn’t he with the Viceroy?”
“He was. Three days ago. Not a word since. Scrying hasn’t turned up anything. Isan Lagurian is watching the hearth while the Lord Governor is gone.”
“Lagurian? I met him in Waterside before this whole thing started to sink into the sullage.”
Tarthas Jorr took a deep swig of mead. “Maybe you should start at the beginning.”
So that’s what Bander did. He recounted the tale of Tobin Leroth’s death, Vala’s imprisonment, and his narrow escape with Silbra Dal. 
At the end of the story, his friend shook his head. “What are you going to do?”
“I need to get back to Waterside at once and free Vala before they execute her. Then I need to figure out who’s behind all this and why they’ve targeted us. That’s why I was hoping for Bryn’s aid. But it looks like he might be needing my help instead…”
“I can let you know the moment he returns—”
Bander shook his head. “No time for that now. I need a new plan.”
“What about trying to pull together a mercenary team? Donal’s squad is in town. So are the Valshoodin Brothers. Of course, they are most likely here looking for you.”
“That wouldn’t work. Even if they weren’t hunting me, I don’t have the gold to hire them…” Bander thought for a moment. “What do you say, Captain? Feel like taking a few days off for some freelance work? Your Lord Governor would look very favorably on this endeavor, I can guarantee that…”
Tarthas Jorr rubbed the back of his neck. “Tempting, old son, tempting. But unlike you, I am employed by the Empire and it would be unseemly—to say the least—for me to be involved in an act of aggression between city-states. However, you just gave me an idea…”
They finished their mead and walked to a guard station on the Lake Road. There Tarthas Jorr procured two horses and a less-ostentatious cloak for Bander and they rode across town to the Palace District which was dominated by a compound of government buildings and, of course, the striking pentagonal structure known as Castle Flower.
“Where are we going?” Bander asked.
“Why, the dungeons, of course…”
Laketon’s dungeon complex was much larger and older than the Waterside prison. They traveled through multiple checkpoints and guard stations as they wound their way down to the third underground cellblock level beneath the castle.
“You ever hear of someone named Dusk?” asked Tarthas Jorr as they descended a dark stone staircase.
“Dusk? Is that a person?”
“Yes. Thief, spy, assassin, what have you. I’ve got Dusk and two of the gang here. They’re awaiting trial for an attempted robbery of charfit smugglers. My men have been doing so well in the Ramparts that the court is backed up for another month or so. I can lend you this lot for a few days, but you have to bring them back alive and intact next week for their court date.”
“This is your big idea?” Bander shook his head. “Letting me borrow smugglers?”
“Robbers, old son. They stole from charfit smugglers. Very resourceful. Reserve your judgment until you meet them. You may be surprised.”
Towards the back of the cellblock was a series of enclosures. Only three contained prisoners. As they approached, the man in the first cell called out, “Oy! It’s been three days since I’ve seen the sun! This is cruel and unusual—”
“Shut your gob, Boldfist,” Tarthas Jorr said.
“Oh, look. Seems like the Captain hisself has deigned to grace us with his presence and he brought a friend. How nice!” The prisoner was a mountain of a man—almost as tall Bander, but where Bander was made of nearly solid muscle, this man was pudgy and soft-looking. His had a round face with long stringy hair fringing a balding pate. His ham-like fists were covered with thick calluses which Bander took to be a promising sign.
“Faramir Boldfist, highwayman, ruffian, brawler,” Tarthas Jorr said by way of introduction.
“Ex-highwayman, if you please,” Faramir Boldfist said. “Living to the letter of the law these days, I am.”
Tarthas Jorr pointed to the man in the next cell. “Wegg of Kreed’s Keep. Traveled a long way to get into trouble. He’s an apothecary and healer by vocation.” Bander couldn’t judge the man’s size; the healer was slumped on the floor in one corner of his cell. He didn’t even bother to look up at them. “He’s a bit ornery as far as healers go,” Tarthas Jorr continued. “Just as soon let you bleed out than patch you up.” From what Bander could see of his face, the man looked to be in his third decade, but his hair was almost completely grey.
“And last, but not least, one of our most unwelcome guests here at the Laketon dungeons, the thief Dusk.”
Bander peered into the cell and was surprised to see a tall red-haired woman in a gown. She looked nothing like a thief. In fact, she looked more like a noblewoman. She was about a decade younger than him, with a pale complexion, full lips. and dark eyes with thick lashes.
“Pleased to meet you, good sir.” she said in a demure voice.
“You may stop the mummery, Lady DuSone,” Tarthas Jorr said. “Captain Bander is immune to your deceits.”
“Captain Bander? Not the famed Imperial investigator himself?”
“One in the same,” Bander said, moving closer to get a better look at the woman. “And who might you be? I heard two names in connection with your lovely visage…”
The woman bowed slightly in recognition of the complement. “I was born Abelle Mix. My father was Augir Mix of the Mix Stables in Vale and my husband was the Duke Garr DuSone of Hryssan, dearly departed I’m sad to say.”
“The good lady omitted the small detail of the manner of Duke DuSone’s unfortunate demise. The lord was poisoned, it seems. With some people actually believing that Duchess Abelle was somehow implicated in the old man’s death.”
“I seem to remember hearing something about the Duke of Hryssan when we were in Rundlun,” Bander said.
“Aye, it was the talk of the city for a time,” Tarthas Jorr said. “Didn’t find his body for three days. By then it was too late for resurrection.”
“Pity I was away in Vale,” the woman said. “Sometimes I blame myself for the tragedy.”
“You, the Duke’s family, and the Hryssan guard.” Tarthas Jorr said to her—then turned back to Bander and resumed his tale. “As the legend goes, Duchess Abelle fled Hryssan and the Southlands and fell in with the Rhingols. She rose up through the ranks, eventually saved up her coin for a glimmer which gave her those lovely red locks, and started going by the name Dusk.”
“Surely you understand, Captain,” Dusk said to Bander. “Oft times starting anew is the only sensible course of action. There is no crime in that.”
“Certainly not, my lady,” Tarthas Jorr said agreeably. “However there is a crime in drowning Embid Rhinghol in the canals of Hamwick—”
“You were the one who killed Embid Rhinghol?” Bander was surprised and a bit impressed. The man had been a notorious and ruthless criminal who operated gangs throughout the Rangeland cities until his death two years ago.
“I was with him when he had his unfortunate accident,” Dusk admitted. “He was serenading me in a swan boat on the Royal Canal. Most people did not appreciate Embid Rhingol’s artistic temperament.”
“They found his body half eaten by eels. It had been weighed down with chains. Duchess Abelle—”
“Dusk, if you please—”
“Dusk took over the syndicate in Hamwick for a time, until Embid’s brother Kaerin moved in. At which time the good lady thought it might be prudent to leave the city for parts north.”
“You couldn’t take care of Kaerin?”
“It wasn’t for lack of trying, sir.”
Bander nodded at her and then turned back to Tarthas Jorr. “Interesting…”
“Well, do you want them or not?” asked Tarthas Jorr.
“I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?”
“I need to interview them first.” Bander handed his sap to Tarthas Jorr. “Hold this for me and give me the keys to these cells.”
Tarthas Jorr handed over a ring of keys. “You sure you know what you are doing, old son?”
“Lock down the floor and come back in thirty minutes.”
Wegg the healer rose to his feet. Faramir Boldfist moved closer to the cell door. Even Dusk was curious about what Bander was up to.
“Be careful,” Tarthas Jorr said as he turned towards the exit corridor.
“Thirty minutes,” Bander reiterated. “These three will either be eager to help me or they will be dead. Either way, I’m doing you a favor by taking them off your hands.”
* * *
“EXCUSE ME, SIR,” SAID THE AGED MANSERVANT. “Commander Alm is downstairs. He says he must speak with you. Urgently.”
Etthar Calain gave the manservant a hard look—as if sheer disbelief might make the man go away. But the manservant stood patiently at the door of the studio until Magister Calain set his brush down and took one last longing look at his unfinished painting. “Very well,” he huffed. “Send him up.”
“Very good sir.”
Etthar Calain moved to the washbasin to clean his hands. As the Imperial Magister of the Murmurs, he was accustomed to having his private life interrupted by the Empire’s business. Spying was an occupation that did not keep regular hours.
Commander Ronan Alm, a swarthy man who was relatively new to his post, appeared at the door to the studio and cleared his throat.
“Alm, come in. I’d offer you a glass of ale, but I know you won’t be staying,” said the Magister.
“Sorry for interrupting you at home, sir. But we just received word that one of Drey’s men spotted Bryn Eresthar at an inn in Swain.”
“Swain? How long ago?”
“Last night, apparently. Our man tried to pursue, but Eresthar rode off towards The Steading on an exceptionally fast steed.”
“How good is this information?”
“Very,” said Commander Alm. “But you haven’t heard the most interesting part.”
“Go on.”
“Our man observed Eresthar meeting with none other than Daras Mirth. They were alone in the back office of the inn. Spent a good hour together.”
“For what reason?”
“Unknown. Shall we teleport the informer in?”
“Not yet. I need to think about this a bit. Daras Mirth? Are we sure?”
“Drey trusts this man completely.”
Etthar Calain nodded absently. “Good work. Meet me at Skydagger in a half hour. I’ll decide what to do before then.”
“Yes, sir.” Alm turned to leave.
“And tell my man to ready my carriage,” Etthar Calain called after him.
As he changed into his uniform, Etthar Calain puzzled through this new information. Bryn Eresthar’s whereabouts had been unaccounted for since the Lord Governor left a meeting with the Viceroy three days ago. Eresthar had not been seen since. Calain’s office had been communicating with Laketon’s acting Lord Governor Isan Lagurian regularly, but each day without news raised the possibility of a kidnapping or assassination. This new information was nearly as troubling. Why would a Lord Governor be meeting with an enemy of the Empire?
Daras Mirth was the right hand of Gredarl Kar, a wealthy and powerful crime lord who controlled most of the organized crime in the Rangelands, but did so from the metaphorical shadows. So far it had been impossible to definitively link Gredarl Kar or Daras Mirth to any major crime. And as much as it would please Etthar Calain to dispatch a team of his assassins to rid the Empire of these pests, Gredarl Kar enjoyed the support and friendship of some of the wealthiest families in the area. The Viceroy had forbidden assassination. The only way to deal with these enemies of the state would be in the Imperial High Court.
Etthar Calain left his villa, entered his carriage, and ordered the driver to take him to Skydagger. It seemed that was the only place he ever went. They drove down Welden Wood, the wide boulevard with a park running down its center. On either side of the street were rows of tall, stately homes filled with diplomats, generals, high-ranking government officials, and businessmen. The dignified boulevard ended in a well-tended green roundabout featuring a statue of Emperor Thoud III, who was a favorite of both the citizens of Rundlun and the historians. The carriage traveled down Regent’s Lane towards the center of the city, which was dominated by the Imperial Palace and Skydagger.
Skydagger was an ancient mage tower. Built over 2000 years ago and one of the last vestiges of magical construction in the Empire, the tower didn’t look like a dagger to Etthar Calain. It looked more like an immense version of a child’s spinning top. The tower balanced on an impossibly thin spike that towered above the city and was visible from all of the six boroughs of Rundlun. Skydagger served as the headquarters and laboratory of his Imperial Ministry of the Murmurs—known colloquially as “The House of Spies” and it had the most elaborate security system of wards in the Empire. An understanding of most of the magic which protected Skydagger (as well as propelled its inhabitants between the four main levels) had been lost through the ages and was not fully understood by the current generation of mages. All Etthar Calain knew was that it worked. Thank the old gods.
The carriage and its inhabitants were inspected both visually and magically through several checkpoints before being allowed to enter the fortress-like compound which formed the base of the tower. As per procedure, Etthar Calain left the carriage and was escorted by a battle mage and a squad of guardian knights inside the base of the tower through to the maze level—so named for the elaborate twisting passages which provided another layer of protection against invaders. In the center of the maze, glowing purple was “The Waterfall.” No one knew the true name of this magical installation, but it looked very much like a waterfall of purple light, shimmering and twisting from the base of the tower high up to the laboratory level, where a score of mages from all three Orders worked, Black, Red, and White—side by side. As a final protection on this level, only those who wore special emerald rings attuned to the magic of The Waterfall could enter it. Only 66 of these emerald pass rings were forged. Eighteen had been lost throughout the years, and the remainder were assigned to Etthar Calain, his staff, and the mages posted to Skydagger.
Stepping into the light of The Waterfall, Etthar Calain felt the tingle of teleportation and a moment later he stepped out into Sanctum lab—ten storeys above the ground. There he was met by Ronan Alm, who walked with him up the spiral stairs to the command level. This was the place in which Etthar Calain’s team worked to make sense of all the whispers of information which came into their organization. It was a spacious circular room—with an exterior wall constructed of an arcane substance which was similar to glass, although it never became discolored, was impervious to damage, and appeared to be solid stone if viewed from the outside. Etthar Calain always wondered if the ancients used Skydagger as a throne room, since the views here were so impressive. Most of the command level was filled with desks and tables with scrolls, scrying crystals, memory stones, ledger books, and a dozen men— mages, scholars, strategists, and spies—working side by side.
“Shall we bring the informant in?” asked Commander Alm.
Etthar Calain shook his head. “I have a better idea. Let us bring in Bryn Eresthar himself.” Alm arched his eyebrows in surprise, but the man knew enough to keep silent. “We can’t have our Lord Governors vanish off the face of Tomira,” Etthar Calain continued. “And we cannot stand by while one consorts with the likes of Daras Mirth.”
“I will call for the Laketon ambassador and Legate Horiler—”
“No time for that. Begin the preparations now.”
Alm hesitated, but just for a moment. Then he acknowledged the order and strode towards the staircase with two mages in tow. He was heading to the top level of Skydagger, known simply as “The Vault.” Kept there—in various locked and protected niches—were a myriad of secret items of the realm, from the ancient artifacts of the Zantu excavations, to powerful magical weapons, gems, jewelry, and scrolls—to more ordinary items that were nonetheless of strategic importance to the Empire. The item that Alm was retrieving, for instance, was a mere scrap of sheercloth from Bryn Eresthar’s shirt, gingerly collected from the Lord Governor’s guest room while he slept during the visit before this one, and sealed in a stone compartment carved out of a thick wall and protected by several locks and wards. 
The Ministry of the Murmurs kept tokens such as these for every person of importance to the Empire, be they friend, foe, or somewhere in between. A personal item like a scrap of cloth—when preserved properly—was an essential ingredient in spells of the Knowing or Changing schools, including divination and summon person. The spell that they would use today was an incredibly advanced and costly one: involuntary summoning. To increase the likelihood of success, Master Iorod would join with seven of his archmages to cast the spell in unison. Anything short of Bryn Eresthar wearing a relorcan suit of armor should prove to be inconsequential to the mages. 
Once Eresthar appeared, Etthar Calain would be there to assuage the Lord Governor’s objections and then quickly escort the man into a private office for debriefing. If Eresthar had a satisfactory explanation for both his whereabouts and his meeting with Daras Mirth, a different group of mages would open a portal to Laketon so the Lord Governor could return to where he was supposed to be. That was the best case scenario. The worst case scenario would involve more interrogation, which would necessitate informing the Legate and likely even the Viceroy himself. Etthar Calain sincerely hoped that—
Suddenly, Ronan Alm clattered down the stairs, breathless. “Lock down Skydagger!” he yelled. “Lock everything down!” 
The command level erupted in a flurry of activity as guardian knights blockaded the staircases, workers left their desks and huddled in the center of the room, and mages raced down to the Sanctum lab to guard The Waterfall and prevent anyone from using it. 
“What is it?” asked Etthar Calain.
“Eresthar’s niche is empty. We have been infiltrated!”
* * *
NEARLY 700 MILES AWAY THE LORD GOVERNOR MET WITH A DARK MAGE KNOWN AS MORIN OF THECT. And the meeting was not going as well as planned.
“You fail me,” hissed Morin, who was all shadow, cape, and teeth.
“I require a bit more time, Master. Our enemies are more… resourceful… than I was led to believe.”
“Your excuses mean nothing. Eliminate those who seek to thwart our plans, or you yourself shall be eliminated.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Do not try my patience… it ran out a thousand years ago…” The dark mage turned deeper into the shadows and then was gone.
“What have I gotten myself into?” thought the Lord Governor.
* * *
TARTHAS JORR UNLOCKED THE STURDY IRON DOOR TO THE LOWER DUNGEON CELL BLOCK. He wasn’t sure what he expected to find. But there, in the corridor, stood Bander and Dusk and her gang, talking and laughing as if they were lifelong friends. As he moved closer, Tarthas Jorr did however notice a quantity of blood on the floor.
Bander greeted Tarthas Jorr. “I commend you on your ingenuity, my friend.” He appeared to be uninjured.
“How do you mean?”
“These are just the type of miscreants that I need.”
“I’m glad I could accommodate you,” replied Tarthas Jorr with a sardonic smile.
“It is truly an honor to be working with Captain Bander,” Dusk chimed in.
“Aye,” seconded Faramir Boldfist, who sported a sizeable contusion on his face.
“However, our small party is sadly lacking,” said Wegg, the healer. “We need a mage.” His face was also bruised, but the bruise was the greenish color that indicated that the injury had recently been healed.
“Sadly, our dungeons are fresh out of mages,” said Tarthas Jorr. He turned to Bander. “And given your current trouble with the Guild, I don’t think you'd be able to hire one.”
 “I wasn't planning on hiring one.” Bander said. “I was planning on kidnapping one.”
* * *
THE NORTHWAY STRETCHED FROM LAKETON SOUTH TO THREE RIVERS, SWAIN, AND FINALLY ALL THE WAY WEST TO RUNDLUN, A DISTANCE OF OVER A THOUSAND MILES WHICH WOULD TAKE A MONTH OR MORE OF TRAVEL. It was a well-maintained Imperial caravan road with coaching inns every fifty miles and a dozen or so hamlets and villages along the way. Seventy five miles south of Laketon, the Northway detoured around Hessa Ridge, a long range of rocky hills which ran nearly to Three Rivers. The road then headed back due southwest the rest of the way down to Swain.
Caravans almost always travelled north on the Imperial road, as it was much cheaper and faster to transport goods by barge down the Meredel, which flowed south from Laketon. The patterns of the wind were usually northeast to southwest for much of the year, further aiding downstream travel. Even if portals weren’t so expensive, they didn’t work for transporting much beyond what a man could carry. That left caravans of wagons drawn by teams of uruses. The same held true for human cargo. The very wealthy took portals, and everyone else travelled by riverboat if they were heading south, or coach or horseback if they were heading north. Very few people walked. Except Bander, who for the past three years wandered the roads and lanes of Harion.
But this morning he rode; he rode a stolen horse south on the Imperial road through the early morning mist. Alongside him was Faramir Boldfist, also on a stolen horse. And Wegg and Dusk followed in a stolen carriage. 
Bander was looking for a particular turn in the road which might suit his purpose—and he found it a half hour later. The Northway doglegged around a rock outcropping the size of a cottage. Bander signaled to his team to stop and they maneuvered the carriage so it faced back towards the way they came. Now it looked like the carriage had been traveling to Laketon. But the carriage was only visible once you rounded the corner.
Faramir Boldfist led the horses off the Northway into the forest and out of sight. Bander conferred with Wegg about various options for positioning the healer in the stately ceaon trees which provided a canopy over the road. They checked their supplies, especially Wegg’s concoctions and the non-lethal crossbow darts. Bander and Faramir Boldfist muscled the carriage off the road and flipped it. They went over the plan for the sixth time. And then once more. And then they waited. Bander was good at waiting.
Nearly two hours later, the young mage arrived with her escorts.
* * *
SILBRA DAL DIDN’T SEE THE UPTURNED CARRIAGE at first. She was riding between the two sellswords hired by the Guild as bodyguards. Behind her rode the battle mage Raggur Nil, ostensibly assigned by Guild Master Lestralle to make sure she got to Rundlun safely, but more likely conscripted to the month-long journey as punishment for the incident with Bander. A porter named Dun brought up the rear, his clumper pulling a small two-wheeled cart with their supplies.
The group turned a corner and immediately saw what looked to be some sort of carriage mishap. 
“Stay back!” shouted Raggur Nil to Silbra Dal as he wheeled his charger around to the front. The two sellswords, a burly veteran fighter named Kray and his apprentice, a ruddy youth named Aethal, quickly dismounted and drew their swords. As trained guards, they were taught to be suspicious, so they scanned the woods on either side of the road.
Silbra Dal ignored the battle mage and walked her horse towards the carriage to get a better look.
Raggur Nil shouted again, but Silbra Dal saw something that drew her closer. It was a red-haired woman in a white dress, lifeless on the ground, pinned beneath the carriage. The woman’s dress bloomed with blood.
“Come!” Silbra Dal called. “There is someone trapped beneath.”
The battle mage dismounted and raced over. Kray shouted to his apprentice to keep watch and strode towards the carriage. Raggur Nil got there first, but he ignored the carriage. Instead he grabbed the reins of Silbra Dal’s mount and began to lead the horse away. 
“I am fine,” Silbra Dal protested. “But that woman may need—
“Silence!” the battle mage cut her off. “The men will—”
At that point, there was a muffled crack and Kray staggered back from the carriage as a cloud of fine yellow dust—almost like pollen—billowed out and enveloped him. The man began to cough violently as he fell to his knees.
“Master!” exclaimed Aethal, sprinting to Kray’s aid. Before he could reach the older man, the woman in white suddenly came alive—jumping to her feet in an acrobatic twist, a blackjack appearing in her hands. She smashed the weapon against the side of Kray’s head and knocked him into unconsciousness.
Aethal roared in anger and charged the woman. She twisted to evade him, but became caught up in her dress. Whipping the blackjack around, she almost connected with his head, but the warrior blocked the blow. He retaliated with a powerful backhand smash which sent the woman sprawling. He was on her instantly, dragging her up from the ground and lifting her off her feet. The woman kicked and scrambled for something within the folds of her dress, but then Aethal flung her against the overturned carriage with all his might. As she crumpled into unconsciousness, there was another crack and a toxic cloud of yellow dust puffed out from a broken vial in the woman’s hand and swirled around Aethal. Like his master, he collapsed in a fit of coughing and retching. Seemingly from nowhere, a dart struck him in the neck, and he sprawled to the ground. 
At the same time, another dart flew towards the battle mage who stood across the road observing the melee. But Raggur Nil was prepared. He cast a push spell which knocked the projectile away. “Protect!” he screamed to Silbra Dal. 
She immediately conjured a glowing sphere of protection around them, crackling with energy. Her gelding, which (as she discovered that very moment) was not a trained mage horse, neighed in terror and bucked up, bolting to escape. Silbra Dal tumbled off the animal but luckily was immediately caught by Raggur Nil’s slow spell which allowed her to fall gently to the ground like a feather.
But at the same time Silbra Dal hit the ground, two, then four, then six glass ampules shattered against the hard packed dirt of the Northway and released fine powdered mireo spores into the air. The yellow cloud swirled up, but then, as quickly as it appeared, was dissipated by the conjured wind of Raggur Nil’s buffet spell.
“Any more games?” the battle mage called in a loud, taunting voice. “Whoever you are.”
At that moment, two more darts whizzed through the air at Raggur Nil, but he still wielded the wind as a weapon, and caused the darts to tumble to the ground. “Show yourself, cowards!” But the only response was from the wind whistling through the trees.
Silbra Dal tried to calm herself and took measure of their situation. The porter had fled. Both sellswords were down; either dead or unconscious. She and Raggur Nil were being attacked in a most unusual manner. As an academic, Silbra Dal was a stranger to battle magic. Of course, like every mage, she knew the defensive spells, and had trained in the Changing school, but she was not experienced in using her powers to cause bodily harm. She also lacked the innate reservoirs of magical stamina necessary for combat. In situations like these, non-combat mages were trained to preserve their own lives, preferably by fleeing.
Raggur Nil, on the other hand, had a different set of priorities. His first duty was supposed to be to protect Silbra Dal, however he had an arrogant streak. It was clear to Silbra Dal that the battle mage viewed this attack as a personal challenge. And he was not about to let himself be bested.
The mage was lost in thought for several moments, but then his eyes flashed with realization. He strode over to the carriage. Silbra Dal watched as he nudged the unconscious woman with his foot. 
“Can you cast another sphere?” he muttered nearly under his breath.
Silbra Dal nodded.
“Be ready.” And then in a much louder voice, Raggur Nil shouted “Let us watch as this fine carriage burns!” He reached behind his back and loosed the jagged bonesword scabbarded there. In one fluid motion, he slashed in the air and the bone blade of the sword erupted in swirling tongues of magical blue flame. The mage raised the flaming sword over his head and began to bring it down upon the carriage.
“Stop!” a powerful voice called. It was a voice that Silbra Dal recognized: the voice of Bander.
* * *
BANDER EMERGED FROM THE WOOD, BRUSHING ASIDE THE LARGE PATTERNED CLOTH BLIND HE HAD USED TO REMAIN HIDDEN. He dropped his small crossbow and kept his hands open as he strode towards the battle mage.
“I’m here to speak with Silbra Dal. Nothing more.”
“Captain—” the young mage exclaimed in disbelief.
“Silence!” Raggur Nil bellowed and threw a push spell at Silbra Dal knocking her to the ground and sending her sliding all the way across the road. “I suspected you two were in league…”
Bander moved closer. “I merely wish to talk. No one needs to get hurt…”
“It is far too late for that!” Raggur Nil smashed his flaming sword into the carriage in a shower of sparks and splinters. The lacquered wood ignited and the carriage burst into flame. 
Bander dove to pull the unconscious Dusk from the inferno. At the same time, Faramir Boldfist emerged from the woods with his great bow and loosed an arrow at the battle mage. The arrow passed harmlessly through the mage’s cloak; a near miss. But it gave away Faramir Boldfist’s position.
Raggur Nil spun and fired a magic bolt which shot across the road and exploded into the warrior’s chest, smashing him back into the woods.
Hidden in the branches above the road, Wegg positioned himself over the battle mage and splashed two flasks of highly-combustible oil of vitriol onto Raggur Nil. Boom! Ignited by the battle mage’s fiery sword, the oil burst into flames. 
Enveloped by the blaze, Raggur Nil staggered a few steps then cast a force sphere spell which exploded the flames away from him in a blast of fire that shot out twenty five yards in all directions. Scraped up and dazed, Silbra Dal narrowly managed to shield herself from the inferno by casting a weak sphere of protection which lasted only two seconds before fading. Wegg wasn’t so lucky. The fiery sphere blazed into the trees—igniting them. The healer twisted his way through the branches and managed to slow his fall by clutching a line he had secured. He landed hard on the ground in a flurry of flaming leaves.
Laughing, Raggur Nil marched over and viciously kicked Wegg, cracking three ribs on the fallen healer. “Look at the little birdie—tumbled out of his tree!” The battle mage planted another powerful kick which lifted Wegg’s body and caused the healer to spit up blood and bile.
Like an enraged bear, Bander leapt through the flames and charged the battle mage. Raggur Nil twisted just enough to evade Bander’s tackle. The two adversaries circled each other. Both men had singed hair and burnt clothes. And both had eyes that burned with hatred. Raggur Nil still held his sword, but Bander was weaponless. He had dropped his short staff when he rescued Dusk from the burning carriage. 
“Are you prepared to meet your doom?” Raggur Nil shouted in a voice that echoed throughout the wood. 
“Maybe,” growled Bander. “But by my estimation, you are just about drained of magic, so we’ll do this my way—” He charged again, feinting left, but then ducked under the battle mage’s slashing attack. Bander pivoted and jabbed hard at the mage’s kidney. It was a powerful blow that should have crippled Raggur Nil, but instead the bones in Bander’s fist broke upon impact. The mage had used the last of his magical energy to cast an iron skin spell. He staggered back and clutched at something at his belt.
Pushing away the intense pain, Bander drove forward and shot out at Raggur Nil’s neck, catching it with his meaty left hand. As he began to squeeze, he felt the mage’s skin return to normal; the iron skin spell was fading. But then, unknown to Bander, Raggur Nil clenched his fist and crushed an emerald-colored crystal tied in a leather cord at his belt. It was a thader crystal, a rare enchanted gem which could store and release magical energy. 
Raggur Nil’s body shivered as the gem revitalized his magical stamina. Bander mistook the tremors for the mage’s death throes and released his grip slightly—which turned out to be a fatal error. The battle mage, instantly back to his full power, blasted Bander off him with a force sphere that tossed the warrior a half dozen yards into the underbrush.
Bander staggered to his feet. He was baffled. The mage had somehow— 
Whoosh! A fireball blazed directly at him. Bander dove away, crashing through the bushes—which erupted into flames around him. He had to escape. Scrambling down an embankment, Bander desperately tried to get out of the mage’s line of sight. 
But Raggur Nil reacted quickly. He cast a slow spell intended to paralyze Bander. The spell fizzled due to Bander’s natural magic resistance, but the battle mage cast another. And another. And another, until one finally worked. Bander struggled to move; it was like trying to run through a chest-high stream. His heart pounded and his stomach rolled. This was the second time in three days that Bander felt he was going to die.
The battle mage fell upon the helpless Bander and pummeled him with punches to the back and kidneys, then kicked him to the ground. “Back into the dirt where you belong, worm!” Raggur Nil sneered. The physical attacks caused the effects of the slow spell to wear off Bander, but this took several moments. Still, Bander struggled up on his hands and knees.
“Your doddering attempts at brute force are no match for my powers,” the mage said as he savagely kicked up into Bander’s stomach. “And yet I don’t even need magic to defeat you.” Raggur Nil kicked again, but this time Bander was ready. He caught the mage’s foot, twisted, then rolled back on the man’s outstretched leg. Bander weighed nearly seventeen stone—the weight of a large stag. And he turned his body so that his entire weight came down upon Raggur Nil’s knee—which snapped in half with a loud crack. The mage screamed out in pain, then collapsed into unconsciousness. 
With great effort Bander pulled himself up using a tree trunk and slowly staggered up to the road. The brush and trees overhead still burned and thick smoke made it difficult to see. He needed to make sure his team was—
“Captain!” Silbra Dal rasped with anguish in her voice. Her clothes were torn and she was bleeding from being flung across the road. She coughed uncontrollably from the smoke. Bander stumbled as he tried to move to help her.
“Behind!” she choked out. It wasn’t a cry for assistance. It was a warning.
Bander turned to see what looked like a horrifying apparition. Floating through the smoke, less than a yard above the ground, was Raggur Nil. His skin was deathly pale, his eyes bulged with murderous rage, and his shattered leg was twisted out at an unnatural angle. Bander couldn’t believe what he was seeing. The mage must have used some sort of reflexive spell to revive himself.
Raggur Nil didn’t say a word, just loosed a devastating lightning spell which arced out from his fingertips. In his weakened state, there was no chance Bander’s natural magic resistance would protect him. The lightning struck him full in the chest, knocking him off his feet and racking him with unimaginable pain. His body convulsed as another bolt struck. And another. His eyes rolled back as his muscles clenched. And still the battle mage pounded him with bolt after bolt. Until at last Bander’s heart stopped.
* * *
THE STORY CONTINUES…
Learn Bander’s fate in The Donden Cage, a full-length, two-fisted fantasy pulp adventure. Available now.
Your Assistance is Requested


If you enjoyed A Killing in the Air, please take just a moment to post a review. It can be just one sentence long.
Any feedback means a lot. Thank you.
Afterword: The Origins of Bander
When I was in my early teens I discovered The Hobbit, and then soon thereafter The Lord of the Rings. Before long, I was devouring all sorts of fantasy novels, usually in the form of $2 paperbacks. I eagerly worked my way through stories by Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp, Edgar Rice Burroughs, Gene Wolfe, Fritz Leiber, Andre Norton, Michael Moorcock, Philip Jose Farmer, Jack Vance, Roger Zelazny, Robert Lynn Asprin, and even John Norman. Most of these books were epic fantasy, but some were fantasy adventures with sci-fi overtones (like Philip Jose Farmer’s seminal World of Tiers series).
In college I prepared for my major in English/Literary Writing by studying the classic hero tales like Beowulf and Sir Gawain and the Green Knight and poring through critical studies like The Morphology of the Folktale and The Hero: A Study in Tradition, Myth and Drama. At the same time, I delved into (then)-contemporary fantasy novels by Terry Brooks, Stephen R. Donaldson, Raymond E. Feist, and David Gemmell—among others.
But after college something happened. I got burned out by the fantasy genre. It seemed that most of the newer fantasy novels I came across were rehashes of Tolkien. You know the kind. These were books populated with a seemingly-random collection of faeries, trolls, dwarves, elves, lords of darkness, and other creatures with names cluttered with double vowels and diacritical marks. Usually there was a young squire and a magic sword or an amulet or something. Maybe even a pet baby dragon. I can’t remember all these clones, since they all blurred together in my mind, but collectively they committed the worst sin any work of fiction can commit. They were boring.
So I turned to other genres: mysteries, crime novels, and especially thrillers. I began with Robert B. Parker’s Spenser series, then moved on to Michael Crichton, Elmore Leonard and John D. MacDonald. At the same time I was rediscovering classic Western movies like The Searchers and My Darling Clementine. In the late 1990s, I came across the Reacher series by Lee Child and appreciated how Child fused Sherlock Holmes with Superman, bringing together brains and brawn in one hero (although arguably Jack Reacher is a spiritual descendant of both Robert B. Parker’s Spenser as well as the pulp hero Doc Savage). In interviews, Lee Child admits that Reacher is an archetypal character who has existed in literature for thousands of years: the knight errant. Child further compares his creation to James Bond, Jason Bourne, and even Jack Bauer. 
It got me thinking. What if I re-imagined the fantasy genre through the lens of a thriller or mystery—a medieval 24 or Mission Impossible? What if I had a fantasy hero who was as powerful as Conan, but he was also a thinking-man’s barbarian? What if I avoided the typical fantasy tropes: elves, dwarves, dragons, and hobbits in favor of gritty realism, brawling, and a system of magic that felt more like science than mumbo jumbo?
The result is the book that is currently lighting up your e-reader. Think of it as part fantasy, part thriller—with a dash of two-fisted pulp adventure. I call it “hardboiled adventure.” 
I hope you enjoyed A Killing in the Air. Bander’s adventure continues with The Donden Cage, the next volume in The Further Adventures of Bander — available now. To get early notification of future Bander adventures, please sign up at: http://www.randynargi.com/map/ 
(I’ll also send you a free desktop wallpaper map of Northern Harion).
Thanks again for adventuring with Bander.
         


About the Author
Randy Nargi is an award-winning writer and film director who lives in Central Oregon with his wife (and frequent collaborator), actress Jessi Badami. Mr. Nargi received his BA in Literary Writing from Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut. He is a former technology entrepreneur and advertising executive who grew up in New York and has lived in London and Seattle.
More at: randynargi.com





