

A TROOPER'S WIFE

Peter Jackson


.
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 Peter Jackson
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
ISBN 978-0-9869102-2-7
Ebook formatting and cover design by www.ebooklaunch.com


Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40


Other books by the same author:
Gema: A Trooper's Tale
Dire Straits: A Trooper's Tale


~
For my wife Hilary and children, Krista Jane and Cameron.


.
It isn't quite dark and I'm already in bed. My room is still a kid's room, pink and white with posters of horses and ponies up on the wall and a shelf of stuffed toys.....all except 'Mitchell' my teddy bear who I'm clutching to my chest.
I've been sent to bed early by mum for arguing with Viv my elder sister, mind you she's been grounded for a week for swearing but then she knows a lot of bad words as she's ten years older than me.............I'm only six. As usual Viv had started it and, as usual, mum had finished it...........I've never got on with Viv; we're so different in every way. I think she resents me although she seems to get on with our other sister Kate. I can't even remember exactly what Viv and I had been arguing about except it had started over a new TV program called Dr Who.
It was too early to fall asleep although it was getting dark quickly. I heard the front door bang and the sound of raised voices, daddy must have come home. Usually they argued late at night when they thought we were all asleep...tonight they had started really early. Daddy was a policeman and the arguments always seemed to be either about his job or mummy's treatment of Kate and I. Sometimes I think he doesn't even like Viv although it's hard for a six year old.
I could hear daddy clump up the stairs in his boots and start banging around in their bedroom. After a few minutes my bedroom door opened and daddy came in. He'd changed out of his uniform and was dressed in the clothes he normally wore to church. He sat on the side of the bed.
"In trouble again Jennie?" he asked.
"Wasn't my fault," I sniffed and tried not to cry. Dad smiled, reached out and pulled me to his chest; he smelled of tobacco......he smelled of dad.
"You know I love you very much Jen," he said quietly, without waiting for me to reply he went on. "I love all three of you but I have to do something that perhaps you won't understand.......perhaps when you're older you'll understand and come to forgive me." He started to cry.............I've never seen my dad cry. "Mummy and I have agreed that I should leave." I thought my heart was going to stop. I pulled back and just looked at him tears running down my face.
"I'm leaving now but I'll never be far way. I'll see you all the time and you can call me whenever you want. We'll still do things together except I won't live here......I'll live somewhere else." I started to cry in earnest now, great, chest heaving sobs. I was the closest to my dad. Sometimes, after a row with mum, he would simply come into my room and sit by my bed thinking I was asleep. Now he was leaving! I would be alone with my two sisters and our rather austere, disciplinarian of a mum.
He gave me a final tight squeeze, stood up, gazed down at me with the saddest face and with a look of defeat walked out of my room closing the door quietly behind him.
"Daddy.................noooooooooooooo!!"


Chapter 1
She woke up in a sweat all alone in the queen size bed. The same bloody dream had snatched her from sleep.......again. It was still pitch black outside, the bedside clock reading just after 3.00am. There was no point in trying to get back to sleep....she'd tried that before. She never seemed to have the dream when George, her husband, was home snoring quietly by her side, only when he was away as he was now. She slipped out of bed dressed just in her Mickey Mouse tee shirt which barely covered her hips......no panties. It's all she ever wore to bed when George was away, of course when he was home she didn't wear anything. Although forty five and with George now almost sixty that's how they liked it. Her stomach gave a little flutter at the thought, he'd already been away too long.
The house surrounded her with a deep seated sense of security, quiet now as though asleep but never brooding. She was alone but didn't feel alone. She stood up, slipped on a terry cloth housecoat, splashed some water on her face in the ensuite and looked at the face quizzically looking back at her from the mirror.
Not bad for forty five she thought, bit tired looking, a bit baggy under the eyes but, give it a break, it's 3.00 in the morning, no sign of middle age yet. Is that what she is.....middle aged? The jaw line is still firm and some laugh wrinkles are starting to show around the eyes......they do laugh a lot, hair's the same color as when she was a teenager, auburn with lighter streaks, all natural, the result of the summer sun, she kept it short.....easy care. The eyes are green, wide set in a freckled face........that sun again. She walked into her dressing room and slipped off the house coat. Lifting up her tee shirt she struck a pose and inspected herself in the full length mirror. She was still lean and hard. Her breasts she would describe as perky with no sign of sagging, her stomach still flat.......keep up the running and the tennis. They'd never had children although they'd talked about it a lot and it certainly wasn't for a lack of trying. George loved her body and nobody could ever accuse her of being shy in that department.......'too bloody noisy' is what George used to say, her stomach fluttered again at the thought.
Standing over the stove in the kitchen waiting for the milk to heat up she contemplated the house and the plans George and she still had for it. It had become a hobby almost, although the house had survived this long and would most certainly outlive them both. It was built in 1770, designed by Robert Adams and was originally the manor house outside of Eaton Bishop in Herefordshire in the south west of England.
The milk started to foam in the pan on the Aga, she poured it over the hot chocolate and sat at the huge, scarred, pine table in the kitchen. The noise had woken up the two dogs asleep in their baskets in the mud room. They padded into the kitchen and stretched out at her feet wondering what the hell was going on at this time of the night.
Of course she and George rattled around in the house, it was far too big for the two of them, seven bedrooms, huge kitchen, dining room, sitting room, breakfast room and study. George even had a special room on the main floor in which he stored his collection of weapons and native artifacts from his travels in Malaysia and other more clandestine places. There were even servant's quarters on a third floor under the roof but she never went up there.
The main house sat in the middle of 300 acres, much of which was broken up into paddocks as horses were Jen's main passion, thoroughbreds to be specific. It was approached by way of a gatehouse and a quarter mile of winding driveway lined with ancient Beeches. The road continued behind the house, up a slight rise, to the barns and drive sheds, the land then sloping down to the river. To the east and to the south the property was bordered by thick woodland. They'd quite recently added a new barn as Jen's horse business had expanded, particularly the breeding side of things. They had added a number of foaling stalls complete with a video surveillance system tied into both the main house, the gatehouse and ultimately to the new farm manager's house currently under construction. The gatehouse, itself a spectacular 18th century stone home complete with mullioned windows, gabled roof and tall chimneys was occupied by Terry and Margaret Iredale, old friends and army buddy of George. Terry was responsible for the farm maintenance and Margaret looked after the house and acted as den mother to both George and Jen. A breeding and farm manager had been hired but would only move in once the new house was finished.
Sitting at the table, sipping the scalding hot chocolate, the night silence only broken by the steady ticking of the grandfather clock in the main hallway, her thoughts wandered back to her mum, her dad and her two sisters.
Her mother, now seventy six, had never really been the same after her father had left almost forty years ago. Jen had seen her father regularly after the split up although he had moved to Gloucester and joined the Gloucestershire Constabulary. She had lived with her mother until she was eighteen then had gone to University and ultimately joined the West Mercia Police. It was just a few years ago that she had made it to Detective Sergeant and it was then she had met George Mudd....they'd married just five years ago.
As for her sisters, Viv had left home when Jen was about twelve and she hadn't seen or heard from her since. She contacted their mother from time to time always asking for money but never visiting, never enquiring, never interested. Kate on the other hand she saw quite regularly....even now. Ultimately Kate had moved to Gloucester to be closer to their father and was now happily married to Brian Trenholme. They had a couple of kids that were just learning to ride. Soon after Jen was married her father had died and in the dying had left her mother reasonably well off by way of a couple of life insurance policies coupled with a police pension. Now she was terminally ill, her dementia getting worse by the day and had been moved into a hospice in Hereford not too far from the manor.
She stared into the empty cup wondering at her fortune. A family broken by her parent's inability to find the strength to stay together and an elder sister who had spent years angry with her lot in life and had taken it out on those closest to her. How could people be so different yet be the products of the same environment? Her sister Viv, now fifty five, took off when she was twenty or so. Physically so attractive in a striking sort of way but had continually demonstrated a burning anger that manifested itself as an inherent meanness. It seemed as though she took pleasure in hurting those around her. Of course that was then and now is now Jen thought. Maybe thirty years has changed her. Of course I'm assuming she's still alive.....who's to know, do I still care? of course I do she's my sister.
I wonder if she sits up at night thinking about Kate and I? I doubt it somehow. Does she know I'm married, does she know she's aunt to Kate's children?
She climbed the stairs, fell into bed and was asleep instantly.......missing George.


Chapter 2
George sat in one of the two bridge chairs contemplating his good fortune. Sometimes he thought he lived a dream. Until a few years ago he'd been a Sergeant in the Special Air Service, that arm of the British Army, renowned for its more clandestine operations and upon which most of the elite special forces of the world are modelled. Now he was the sole proprietor of one of the largest security companies in the world specializing in oil field security operating in the Far East, the North Sea and more recently the Gulf of Mexico. His COO or chief operating officer was his old army buddy Robbie McElroy who had been by his side in Malaya, Sarawak and in the two domestic operations when they had been seconded to a British Counter Terrorist Group. George himself now had little to do with the day to day operation of the business but worked hard to maintain and build his worldwide network of contacts. The business just seemed to grow without any specific marketing programs or even effort. He put it down to pure luck and being in the right place at the right time. What he couldn't reconcile in his own mind was the revenue. He had little idea of his net worth. All he knew was that he and Jen could do whatever they chose, spend whatever they liked, go wherever they liked. His wife's specific love was horses......his was boats.
He gazed out of the window barely feeling the throb of the huge diesels two decks beneath his feet. It was only recently he'd converted to power from sail. He'd had a Hunter 42 that had been lost to an explosion in Lund in British Columbia killing the harbor master and injuring a young guy that had been helping her with the lines. After that episode, which he and Jen had been lucky to survive, he'd bought a Mason 55 which they'd sailed together across the Pacific to the Hawaiian Islands. From there they'd sailed to Alaska after having first cruised north to Japan.
Now he was sixty and a 'power boater,' some powerboat. He'd paid Hector Pan over three million dollars for this boat, a Nordhavn 75 Expedition, the Cadillac of ocean cruisers, a range of over four thousand miles in absolute comfort and security. She came with a professional captain, two crewmen and a cook. He didn't dare think what she cost to run annually, the company picked up the tab.
Now the 'Gypsy Too' was ploughing through an easy sea, under clear blue skies, heading towards the Pacific end of the Panama Canal at a sedate twelve knots with the objective of transiting to the Caribbean and points beyond. His mind wandered to Jen far away in Herefordshire. They made a point of speaking to each other every day no matter what. The boat had state of the art, worldwide communication ability.......bloody well and should have he thought for this sort of money. He wondered how Jen was coming along with the building of the new manager's house up on the knoll behind the barns and whether or not the Irishman, Connor Moylan, had accepted the job he'd been offered. Jen had done a great job with the farm. What had started out as an expensive hobby she had turned into a business that was doing slightly better than breaking even. Not bad for an ex-copper! Trouble was it was incredibly time consuming particularly the first five months of the year when most of the mares foaled. Moylan had excellent credentials as a horseman and manager and was currently finishing a contract in Kilkenny in Ireland. He was looking forward to him joining them in Eaton Bishop and taking the load off Jen's shoulders, perhaps then she could join him on the boat. Of course, knowing her, she wouldn't want to leave until the new man had earned her confidence. The only way to see her was to get over there himself. The idea had some appeal, he wasn't cut out to be a monk. Easy for him to fly over either from Central America or the Bahamas.....quick too....but the idea of taking the boat over had more appeal. He swivelled the chair around to talk to Drew, the skipper that had come with the boat at the recommendation of Hector, he was working on the log in the day cabin aft of the bridge.
"Drew....do we have the range to get over to England once we've transited the canal?" Drew stuck his head out of the cabin.
"We'd be better to cross the Gulf and then turn North, we could re-fuel in Norfolk or somewhere like that then head across, that would give us fuel to spare. Everything else is in the green, might want to pick up some fresh veggies in Miami though." George nodded in agreement.
"If we did that you and the boys could take some time off at home, which you deserve, then I thought we might take her down into the Med for a while."
"It's a plan boss, the boys would like that," George thought about the 'boys.'
These two 'boys' were a special breed and stemmed from Jen's insistence that he have some protection after the fracas with the IRA culminating in the screw up in Costa Rica. After the shootout in Playa Zancudo they still had no idea what might have happened to Padraig O'Brian, was he dead or alive? He'd been shot in both knees so if he was still alive he'd probably be in a wheelchair although how he might have gotten away from that Godforsaken place would be a mystery. Kevin Callahan was a different kettle of fish altogether though. He had killed Pa'an for sure after having got away during the raid in Whitechapel by the SAS. Callahan's brother had been killed in the same operation and you could bet dollars to doughnuts he was not going to forget it. He was a professional assassin.....perhaps one of the best and you couldn't be too careful. Due to the leak discovered in Homeland Security in the States you could be sure he knew of the involvement of the British authorities and George and Jen specifically.
Almost all of George's employees were retired SAS troopers or from the 1st Parachute Regiment. George provided them with a life after their service without which many of them would be lost. Their particular skills leant themselves to the job of oil rig security and protection as the main threat was terrorist activity. He paid them well, looked after their families and gave them every benefit. In return they gave him absolute loyalty. The two 'boys' were no exception. Both were retired SAS Troopers but were from the marine teams. They had skills that included marine navigation, underwater demolition and clandestine action both beneath and above the water. One was a qualified diesel mechanic the other specialized in unarmed combat. Both of them, as was required, had field training in first aid and small arms. They had joined the boat in Vancouver and had settled into the routine very quickly. Drew, the Ship's Captain, had come at the recommendation of Hector Pan from whom he had bought the boat. Hector had been of great assistance during their last operation against the IRA and the Russian Mafia. He was in fact one of the last traditional gangsters on the West Coast but was left to operate as he was a constant source of information to both Canadian and American authorities......a very American way of doing business. Unknown to Drew, George was well aware of his relationship with Hector Pan and that this was Hector's way of 'keeping an eye on him.'
Inexorably the Gypsy closed with Panama Bay and the huge three mile breakwater that protected the Pacific entrance.


Chapter 3
The morning routines on a horse farm are a well defined pattern broken by the season, the weather, being short staffed, a sick horse, the visit of farrier or vet.
This morning was no different. May in Herefordshire can be a beautiful month, the daffodils, bluebells and crocuses have been and gone, the annuals are in the ground except on the North side. Nearly all the foals have been dropped and most of the mares have either been bred back or shipped to chosen stud farms.
Terry, as was habit, would be up and about at 4.30am, a quick cup of tea in the old Lodge, trying hard not to wake Margaret and then take the Land Rover up to the main barn and the farm office. Around 5.00 the first of the staff would arrive. Horses have to be fed and watered then put out to pasture in selected paddocks. Stalls have to be mucked out then the entire barn swept clean as a whistle. Arrangements have to be made for visits by the vet or the blacksmith and the 'to do' list, created the previous day, assigned to the staff. The cycle is constant varied only by the season.
Today was no different except Terry had to juggle staff a little as they were starting their program of breaking the yearlings. His office in the main barn was a comfortable room overlooking, on the one side, the main aisle in Barn #1 and on the other the indoor arena. A door led into another small, windowless, sterile room that acted as a clinic and secure storeroom for medications. In front of his desk was a large flat screen that allowed him to view any foaling stall he chose to select. To one side was another screen hooked up to the security system that covered the entire property including the wooded areas, this included cameras for the main areas plus motion detectors and heat sensors covering those accesses to the farm with heavy cover. This latter system had been added at the expense of the tax payer after George and his Security Company had been hired as a contractor to MI5 to assist in the Counter Terrorist project the previous year.
Terry sat at his desk, nursing his second cup of tea, surrounded by the sounds and smells of a large, working horse barn. He loved the smell, a mixture of fresh hay, liniment, leather and horses, the sounds of horses being led out to the paddocks for the day, the whine of the electric carts they used in the buildings, the background of quiet music that the horses seemed to like.
He contemplated the arrival of the new manager and what sort of an impact it would have on his routine. He really was ambivalent about the whole thing. He was getting older now and starting to feel it. He knew he was absolutely secure as far as George was concerned even if he sat around and did nothing although that was not his nature. Having a younger man on board with specific responsibility for the 'horse management' would be a good thing. Terry had other skills! He too was ex-SAS! He had seen clandestine action in several remote parts of the world before George was even in the army and had taken part in the 'Iranian Embassy Siege' the first time the unit had come into the public eye. He was a legend in Special Forces history and still regularly visited the mess in Credenhill not far from the farm.
The new manager was Connor Moylan, an Irishman from Kilkenny but Terry was naturally suspicious of the Irish. He had seen action in Northern Ireland during the 'troubles' so his position was understandable. Having said that, two of George's most trusted Lieutenants were Irish......both from Belfast. Pat O'Rourke and Declan Rafferty had worked with Terry in the past. They were devoted to George and Jen and were available in a heartbeat. Best to wait and see...give the guy the benefit of the doubt. As long as he's good with the horses and the horse business I can look after the rest.
He could see that, although it was light outside, the sun had not yet risen above the tree line but it promised to be another beautiful spring day. Perhaps today would be a good day to take the ATV and drive around the perimeter of the farm to check the fences and perhaps take a look at the alarm network in the woods.
Margaret wouldn't be up yet but then her routine didn't change much. She had cared for George and his first wife ever since they'd first bought the manor. Judy had been killed in a hit and run not too far from the house. For some time after, years in fact, Margaret had cared for George through his depression. Fortune smiles from the weirdest direction sometimes. As a result of terrorist activity years before in Sarawak George's old team had become embroiled in what became known as the 'Golf Course Murders.' Jennie Plowright had been the lead investigator in the case! The light had come back into George's life and they were married some time later......... Margaret loved her like a daughter.
She usually woke early. Terry always tried to sneak out of the house thinking she was still asleep, she never was but it made him happy to think he hadn't disturbed her. She usually would lie in bed for a while, planning her day, then get up, have her tea and toast, grab the golf cart and head up to the big house. Jennie wouldn't be down yet although she might well be up and about. The master suite on the first floor consisted of a bedroom, sitting room, walk in 'his and hers closets' and a large exercise room. If Jennie wasn't down yet she was probably working out upstairs although she loved to sit in the window seat in the sitting room and watch the horses being put out.
Today Margaret intended to talk to her about getting some help from the village. She wasn't getting any younger and some cleaning help would be welcome even if it was just a couple of days a week.
This morning was a little different. Jennie was sitting in the kitchen working on her laptop, a cup of tea at her elbow.
"Morning Miss Jennie, you're up and about bright and early!"
"I think Mr George must have been feeling lonely because he called me completely overlooking the time difference. I've been up and about for ages."
"So where is he now on his new toy?"
"He's a few hours west of the Panama Canal, that's what I'm Googling just now. Looks as though he wants to bring the boat over here, give the crew a bit of a holiday then head down to the Mediterranean. He wants me to go with him of course but by then we'll have the new manager on board and there's no way I'm going to leave him on his own until we have a good measure of the guy......and that includes you and Terry being satisfied."
"Oh, you don't have to worry about me and Terry," said Margaret, "it's your business."
"That's not true Margaret," said Jennie looking up, "you, Terry and Robbie McElroy are family to us and will always come first. In fact we've been talking about bringing Robbie home for good. Managing the business out of Bandar was all well and good but now we have clients in both the North Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, it simply doesn't make any sense any more. We've been thinking about building offices next to Barn #1 and managing the entire business from here. Robbie could buy a place close by and we would be creating perhaps a dozen local jobs which would make us very happy."
"That would be wonderful for Robbie," said Margaret, "would do him good to get out of there. Pa'an getting killed in Costa Rica had a more profound effect on him than he cares to admit. Living over there only serves as a constant reminder."
"You're absolutely right, Mr George and I have already discussed it and Robbie seems to like the idea. In fact I'm seeing an architect shortly to talk about the offices.....the same architect as did the manager's house. That's probably one of the reasons why George wants to come home for a while, although why he couldn't fly is beyond me.........George and his bloody boat!"


Chapter 4
George sat up on the flying bridge contemplating the approach to Panama and mentally thanking Hector for insisting he take on a professional skipper. He had spent the last couple of hours in the day cabin, one deck below, digging though the morass of requirements and instructions for transiting the 'canal.' It was sufficient to make you put about and go somewhere else.
Fortunately Drew had done it before and had hired an agent to handle all the permits, the measurement, the line handlers, the paperwork and all the various fees. It wasn't cheap either, not that he really cared, what he didn't like was the delay. Normally you could wait two to three days to get everything done and sometimes as long as a week. A week in Balboa didn't exactly turn him on......at least they had air conditioning.....they might as well fuel up too as they would have time to kill.
He pulled up a small scale chart on the plotter and contemplated the trip after having cleared Cristobal at the north end. It was further than he thought but if they fuelled up they would easily have the range with a significant reserve for bad weather and for the 'changing of the mind'......one of the best things about cruising without any time limitations. He plotted a general course just to get an idea of the distances, he would delete it when finished. After leaving Cristobal they would steam northwest to leave Cuba to the east, then turn east leaving Florida to the north, finally heading north towards Norfolk, approximately 2100 nautical miles or 8 days steaming without burning up the fuel. They had several options of ports and bolt holes if the weather turned nasty, including Cuba, as Gypsy was a Canadian registered vessel.
Seemed like a plan he thought, better discuss it with Drew and see what the boys think. He took a quick measurement off a piloting chart for the sailing distance between Norfolk and the Isle of Wight in the south of England. Looks like another 3000 miles he thought......have to re-fuel in Norfolk.....another 12 days steaming. He smiled ruefully; he could fly it in half a day and at about 5% of the fuel cost.
The Satphone beeped on the desk.
"Hey there sailorman, how're you doing, where are you?"
"Hi sweetheart, we're just approaching the canal probably about half a day out. Drew's handled all the paperwork with the agent but we'll still have to hang around at least 3 days before we transit. Luckily it looks as though we can transit in one day. They like the smaller vessels to leave early in the morning arriving late afternoon. We're going to have to take on a couple of line handlers too but that's the routine."
"You enjoying it?"
"It's not sailing, Jen, like before but it's highly civilized. The boat's beautifully built and quiet. She takes the sea like a dream. I think the bulbous bow helps though. Frankly it's like a first class floating 75' hotel. It would be difficult without crew though. Even with the technology we still have to stand watches, so four people is the absolute minimum for the long passages to be safe....everyone seems to be getting on just fine though."
"Have you decided what you're going to do? I have the architect coming soon to discuss the offices and the house for Moylan is almost finished. He'll probably show up here before it's complete but we can put him up temporarily with Terry and Marg in the Lodge House for a couple of weeks if necessary. Robbie called me the other day, he's ready when we are. He's hired a supervisor for the local business and is going to rent his house to him so now he's just waiting for us to give him the word."
"Sounds as though you have everything under control, sweetheart. Unless you have a pressing need for me to come home I'll stay with the boat for a while, if you need me to come home I could easily fly home from Florida or something like that, Drew could bring the boat over."
"It's up to you George. I miss you but crossing the Atlantic is not something you do every day so maybe you should stay with the boat."
"I'm OK with that Jen, as long as you understand that once we leave the mainland USA I'll be past the point of no return so if you have any sort of emergency you'll be on your own. It'll take about 12 days to cross from Norfolk to England and that's providing we don't hit any bad weather."
"OK, Georgie, that's a chance we'll just have to take. By the way Margaret has been talking to me about getting some housekeeping help from the village, maybe a couple of days a week....any thoughts?"
"I'm fine with that luv.....Margaret's getting a little long in the tooth so a bit of help will be great for her, how's Terry doing?"
"I think he's a bit nervous about the new manager coming on board. He keeps muttering about bloody Irishmen as though he thinks I can't hear. I keep reminding him that O'Rourke and Rafferty are both Irish. He thinks they're different though......go figure."
"It's in the genes Jen, he has some bad memories, he'll get over it, anything else?"
"No.....just that I love you and I miss you.....not sure I like being a nun too much."
"Monks and nuns sweetheart.....monks and nuns, talk to you later."
.
Gypsy continued to push her way through the easy sea, Panama just 50 miles over the eastern horizon.
"Drew, let's get everyone together in the main salon for a few minutes. I'll tell them what we'd like to do and see if there are any objections."
George looked at everyone in the sumptuous main cabin; Drew the Aussie Captain, a professional seaman for years with a ticket, Drew whose first allegiance was to Hector Pan in Vancouver, not that that was a bad thing. The two ex-troopers, Gary and Rick, both from the 'Special Boat Service,' both deeply tanned after having been at sea for a couple of weeks both competent and confident in their own abilities. They were responsible for general crew work plus machinery maintenance. They were also specifically responsible for the scuba equipment and compressors stored in the lazarette yet not losing sight of the fact that their primary job was the security of George and his boat. Last but not least was Quang...the cook. He was a terrific cook but a lousy seaman....Gravol was his best friend although he was showing signs of getting his sea legs. George often wondered if he wasn't a relative of Hector's but what the hell. Having Hector's network on side and at his disposal was comforting to say the least. They had established "old friends" status after the happenings on the West coast of Canada the previous year.
"OK folks, here's the plan. Panama, as you know, is just over the horizon. We expect the usual delay of several days but the transit should not take longer than one day. We'll be taking on a couple of line handlers, just make sure they're confined to the boat decks. Once we're in Cristobal at the other end of the canal we intend to stock up on any necessities, that's your department Quang, then we'll leave for Florida which we expect to be non-stop depending on the weather. We're going to re-fuel at this end as we're going to have to hang around anyway. If you like we can stop over pretty much anywhere you like for a couple of days...take in the sights then we're heading up to Norfolk, Virginia where I want to visit an old friend of mine. This part of the trip will take 8-10 days depending on whether or not we stop over somewhere. In Norfolk we'll fuel up again and then head out across the Atlantic to the south of England and home......home for me anyway, about 12 days steaming again dependent upon the weather," he said smiling. "That's when we can all take some leave....I don't know for how long. Ultimately I'd like to take the boat down to the Mediterranean and cruise around there for a while. I'd like to think you'll all be along for that part of the ride. Once In England you can all head home if you like, at my expense of course, figure a month or so, or you can stay on the boat if you like and visit England. My home is not too far from the south coast, anyway....it's up to you."
"Can't speak for anyone else," said Rick, "but it sounds fine to me. My family's in England so I'll be hanging out there once we land. I expect George that you would want Gary and I to be more focused on security whilst we're in port?"
"I guess so," said George, "if I didn't agree Jen would give me hell, so yes....that'll be your focus, not that I expect anything."
"How long I stay with the boat in England will depend on what sort of maintenance we have to do after putting so many miles under the keel," said Drew. "There's bound to be something, there always, is so I guess I'll be staying in England. I have friends in Canada but what remains of my family is in Australia.
"What about you, Quang?" "Dunno boss...have to wait and see.....no rush."


Chapter 5
It was hot and it had rained the previous evening as it most often did but now the humidity was tempered by the breeze coming from the Pacific to the Southwest. The house was block with a red tile roof, a whitewashed bungalow with wooden floors and a wide verandah on all four sides of the building perched in the foothills of the Sierra Madre de Chiapas Mountains in the south west corner of Mexico. It was, in fact, a small coffee plantation originally developed as a German Finca by immigrants fleeing to Mexico after the war.
It was isolated, the closest town being Tapachula thirty kilometers away, as a hideaway it was perfect. Protected by the mountains to the north, devoid of roads and accessed by a single dirt road winding up the mountain from the South, it was almost impossible to approach without being seen or heard. The area had seen its own share of violence over the years accompanied by illegal immigration from Central America, being just over the border from Guatemala. This was a sparsely populated part of Mexico that leant itself to the movement of drugs both north and south quite often with the gentle assist of both local officials and law enforcement. Tapachula itself had an airport connecting directly with Mexico City and points south plus access to the port of Puerto Madero....it was perfect for his needs.
The farm itself comprised of the main house, several shacks for the migrant workers, a drying house for the beans after they were picked, a building used for the sorting and final packing of the beans and a small building that housed the generator and pumps for the well. The main house was unusual in that there were ramps to each door. It comprised of three bedrooms, a large living room decorated in traditional Mexican fashion and a huge kitchen which was really the focal point of the house. All the rooms had large circulating fans in the ceilings but with the windows opened cross breezes kept the building cool or at least as cool as one could expect in Southern Mexico. Communication was difficult there being no services but Satphone service was available anywhere. At night it was deathly quiet, the silence only broken by the hum of the generator as it periodically kicked in, accompanied by the constant background clatter of the Cicadas. In the wet season, short as it was, the rain came driving out of the mountains filling the gullies and arroyos with raging water. He would sit outside on the verandah watching the spectacular display of lightening against the night sky.
Now he lay in bed covered in sweat. He'd slept perhaps a couple of hours until the pain in his legs woke him up in spite of the medication he took continually. This was his nightly routine. For some reason the pain was much worse at night than during the day. He reached for the glass of warm water on his night stand and swallowed another pain killer. He knew full well he was not going to get back to sleep. He lay gazing at the fan slowly turning above him contemplating the struggle of getting out of bed. With his arms he threw off the sheet that was his only covering and carefully worked himself to the edge of the bed until his useless legs were hanging over towards the floor. Reaching out with his left arm and propping himself up with his right he stretched out and pulled the wheelchair close enough for him for him to heave his body into it. With his arms he pushed himself into a comfortable sitting position and sat resting for a few moments breathing heavily. Sometimes he wondered why he went to bed at all, getting in and out of bed was exhausting. Why didn't he just sleep in the chair? he knew it was an attempt at normalcy, an attempt at life when, by rights, he should be dead. Things were easier during the day as a local Indian woman came to the house daily to cook and care for him generally.
Operating the control toggle under his right hand the electric chair took him into the kitchen, the rubber tires hissing on the wooden floor, where he poured himself a lemonade left in the cooler by the woman. Feeling better now, he thanked, for the thousandth time, the foresight of O'Bannion back in Belfast for establishing a third persona for him to use and into whose bank account he had periodically deposited funds he had skimmed from the coffers of 'the cause.' After the failure of his operation in London, the previous year, the authorities had obviously emptied the bank accounts of his other two identities thinking to leave him broke if not dead. Luckily they never discovered the third which had enabled his escape from Costa Rica and facilitated the purchase of this small farm. O'Bannion had been 'dealt with' while in prison in England for grassing to the authorities....nothing more than he deserved.
He was pretty sure everyone thought he was dead which was just as well considering the possibilities if it came out that he was alive. He would be hunted by the IRA, the Russian Mafia, the CIA, Homeland Security and the British Security Services, his life expectancy would be short indeed. The very fact that he was alive was a miracle. After McElroy had shot him in both knees down in Costa Rica he and George Mudd had left him to die taking off with Vance. It was Callahan who had spirited him out of the country north into Nicaragua using his third but unknown persona........Liam Cahill. In Managua they had found a doctor for his shattered knees but there was little that could be done. He was crippled for life.....trapped in a wheelchair. As soon as he was fit to travel, which was several weeks later, they moved north to Guatemala where Callahan set about finding a base from which to operate. It was he that had found the farm just over the border in Mexico.
Buying the farm had not been a problem and he had sufficient cash, now spread about in several banks to live out his days quietly. What he didn't have was sufficient cash to fund his hate. With Callahan as a strong arm he had quietly cultivated the local drug culture and had managed to become part of the "drug corridor" between Mexico and points south using the farm as a staging area and the constant flow of migrant workers as the main vehicle. He dealt with problems quickly and viciously and became known as a man, albeit in a wheelchair, to be taken seriously. His ultimate aim was to become involved with one of the cartels in the North of the country whose singular source of revenue was the US of A.
His sole objective in life was to have his revenge on everyone that had put him in this position......trapped in a broken body, in pain all the time, living in a shit hole part of the world and entirely dependent on other people. He knew full well that his will to live was entirely fuelled by his hate. For the time being he was content to wait, work to build his stature in the drug culture and amass sufficient funds to finance his final operation all under the guise of a small, remote coffee plantation........he forced himself to be patient living on the dreams of retribution.
The coffee business was quite legitimate as this part of Mexico was the principle area for its production, particularly on the lower slopes of the Sierra Madre de Chiapas. It was O'Brian's intention, or rather that of Liam Cahill, to purchase another neighboring plantation as the funds became available. He already had a brand registered...."Cafe de Chiapas" and had discovered that most of the Southern Mexican coffee was not sold in the United States but primarily in Europe and much of it online.
Callahan had been set up as the local agent in Tapachula and, using local talent, had built a website which was already generating orders from Europe. They had a small office in a new commercial area of the town and he rented a small apartment close by. However, 'Kevin Callahan' had had to disappear. Using a local gangland murder a 'Kevin Callahan' from Ireland had been identified by finger prints and dental records as the victim.......all with the assistance of the local authorities. Callahan had assumed the identity of Lou Phillips, complete with passport, driving licence, credit cards and bank accounts. Using local contacts and money changing hands he had achieved permanent resident status in Mexico. Callahan was dead, Lou Phillips was alive and well, managing a coffee business in Tapachula, Mexico.


Chapter 6
"Let go of the reins and grip with your knees." Jen watched her niece carefully as she sat astride the Welsh pony they kept for the two girls on the farm. He was walking around her in circles on the lunge line in the indoor arena. Kate, her sister and Marianne's mother, sat up in the observation room watching her daughter through the big picture windows. The other niece, Judith, was standing waiting her turn at the entrance to the main stables.
"OK, now pick up the reins and be very gentle on his mouth, let him feel your heels and he will break into a trot...hang on with your knees still." She watched her eldest niece bounce around on the pony's back as he quietly trotted around counter clockwise. Soon she would be more comfortable and posting on the English saddle, they soon got the hang of it. She looked up to see her sister waving at her frantically through the glass indicating there was a phone call for her.
"Whoa," she called out to the pony which dutifully came to a standstill. "Get off him for now while I get the phone, when I'm done we'll put Judith up. Just stand with him for a while.....hold on to his halter." She walked over to the huge tack room at the side of the arena, picked up the extension and pushed the flashing button.
"Jennifer Mudd," she stated.
"Mrs. Mudd, this is Connor Moylan," a deep, strongly Irish voice answered, "I know I'm a little early but I finished in Kilkenny sooner than I expected; I'm in Hereford. I just thought I'd let you know I'm here, I'll stay in a hotel for a few days until you're ready for me."
"You really don't have to do that Mr. Moylan. The house is actually finished but it still smells of paint. As soon as the furniture and appliances are delivered you'll be able to move in. In the meantime there's no reason why you couldn't stay in the Lodge House with the Iredales.....they've plenty of room, do you have much luggage?"
"No, just a couple of cases, the rest of my stuff is being shipped from Ireland and will probably arrive in about a week."
"Good in that case where exactly are you? I'll send Terry down to pick you up."
.
"So what's he like your mysterious Irishman?" She and Kate were sitting in the study overlooking the tennis court. The French doors were open letting in the air and the scent of freshly cut grass, the two girls were being fed and entertained by Marg in the kitchen.
"He comes highly recommended that's for sure," answered Jen. "We had about 20 applications from all over the place.....Australia, Canada, the States, France. We whittled it down to three and, after the interviews, had all three visit the farm and stay for a few days. One, the Frenchman, dropped out as he seemed to be more interested in the racing and training end of things rather than the breeding. Eventually we opted for Moylan. He specializes in the breeding and general farm management and was highly recommended by people well respected in the industry. He's single which makes things a lot easier. He'll be on contract for a year then we'll see where it goes from there. The funny thing was that when he visited a few weeks ago that was the first time he'd been out of Ireland. If you stay here for dinner Kate you'll be able to meet him, Terry's picking him up in Hereford."
"Another time Jen, we really should be pushing off. I know the girls still have some homework to do and it'll be busy heading into Gloucester at this time of the evening."
.
She sat idly gazing out of the French doors, the house suddenly seeming empty. Kate and the girls had left and she was missing George. She really didn't feel like being on her own this evening, in fact she fancied a pint.
"Hi Dave, how about a drink this evening?" Dave Rowden, Major Rowden actually, her old partner when she was a copper except she eventually found out that he really worked for MI5. He'd been responsible for Counter Terrorism in the area around Hereford as it was surrounded by army and air force bases including the SAS at Credenhill just down the road.
"Great idea......Green Dragon about 7.00 OK?"
.
They sat in the nook. They'd been coming to this pub for years, David, George, Peter, Harry and Robbie when he was in England. Now Harry and Peter were dead, George was on his boat heading for Florida and Robbie was in Bandar although not for long, she looked at David. He hadn't changed much over the years, still lean and obviously very fit, graying at the temples a bit. He looked at her over his glass.
"How's George doing and where the hell is he?" She told him what was going on and George's plans for the next few weeks before he arrived in England. She told him about the plans for the offices at the farm and Robbie coming back to England. He already knew about the barn extensions as he was a regular visitor to the farm with his wife Pauline.
"When's your Irishman showing up?" he asked a twinkle in his eye.
"He's already here, Dave, Terry picked him up this evening. He'll be staying with the Iredales for a couple of weeks. The house is finished, we're just waiting for the appliances and some furniture to be delivered."
"Gawd I bet Terry loves that, he's not a great fan of the Irish, O'Rourke and Rafferty being the exceptions of course."
"How are things in the spook business, Dave?"
"Pretty quiet just now although there are always threats but most of them are from nutcases. Thames House seems to be getting us more involved in drug trafficking lately. Every day the bad guys seem to find a new way of getting the stuff into the country."
"Speaking of Thames House, have you heard from the Commander recently?" David looked up from the menu.
"The last time I spoke to him directly was when Pa'an got killed, he felt very strongly about that operation going sideways. He would love to get his hands on Callahan and he's convinced O'Brian is dead. The American, Vance, is in Leavenworth for life and apparently they've finished with his interrogation. It seems he doesn't know any more than what he'd told us but he gave a graphic description of Robbie shooting O'Brian. Excuse the pun but it looks as though the whole thing has died a death. You going to eat something? they have your favorite...chicken pot pie."
.
After getting back home that evening she called Marg down at the Lodge.
"Have Connor join me for breakfast in the morning please Marg.......about 7.00."


Chapter 7
She'd forgotten how 'Welsh' he looked, that dark rather brooding look. They were eating breakfast served up by Marg who was pottering about in the kitchen. Jen had made a point of re-reading his resume before coming down.
"How long were you at Meadowcroft, Connor? I forget now."
"Just over five years, Mrs. Mudd. It was originally a five year contract but I stayed on a little longer to hand over the reins to a daughter." His voice was soft, almost restrained but his body seemed tense sitting at the table, perhaps something to be expected she thought.....having breakfast with your new boss. He was a big man but loose and he obviously spent a lot of time outside by the weathered look of his face. "Prior to that if you remember I was at Kilkenny Farms for almost 10 years. There I was breeding manager but when the opportunity came at Meadowcroft I took it." His accent was lilting not harsh like Belfast. His black eyes never left her face which she found a little disconcerting.
"Would you like more tea or coffee?" Margaret had come into the breakfast room and left the morning mail on the table by Jen's side.
"I'll arrange to have the mail diverted now," Jen said, looking up at the Irishman, "right now it all comes here to the house but I will talk to the Post Office and have all the farm mail delivered to your office." She slipped a knife into the first on the pile. She slowly worked her way through the mail periodically discussing an item with Connor. She came to a brightly colored postcard. Her first thought......something from George.....but no...on the back in capital letters it simply said....'WELCOME BACK'......no signature, nothing! She turned it over....a photograph of a waterfront.....blue sea, palm trees, colorful boats. In the bottom right hand corner......'Golfito, Costa Rica' in script. She looked at the stamp and the postmark; it had been mailed in London.
.
Dave Rowden's office was in the C.I.D. building in Ledbury just 15 miles the other side of Hereford, not much of a drive from Eaton Bishop, just a little over 20 miles in total.
She drove down in her bright red '55 MG TF, her last birthday present from George. He'd had it re-built for her to go with his own classic '66 Healey 3000. The car needed the exercise, she enjoyed the wind in her hair with the roof down and the growl of the exhaust left in her wake.
"What do you think, Dave?" she'd put the card in a plastic baggie and it now sat between them on the conference table seemingly baleful behind its plastic window.
"Hard to say really, just conjecture at this stage, it's obviously a reference to what happened last year, the problem is we really don't know who else was involved in the operation. We know Callahan got away and we assume O'Brian is dead but we don't know if there were others. We would be remiss not to think they don't know who all the players are over here because of the leak in Homeland Security courtesy of Mr. Vance. They obviously know where you live and it's interesting to note that it's addressed to both you and George.
It's obviously either a warning or someone doing their best to throw a scare into you."
"They're succeeding," said Jen quietly.
"I'll send the card up to Thames House, see if they can get anything from it, have you said anything to George yet?"
"No not yet, you know what he's like, let's see what happens....if anything."
.
She drove back to the farm in a contemplative mood. The card was obviously sent for a reason and not simply to wind them up. Did whoever had sent it know that George was away?
Seeing Terry's Land Rover up at the barn she drove straight through the cobbled yard by the house, the exhaust note echoing back off the stone walls.
Terry and Connor were in one of the foaling stalls discussing a mare that was obviously very late and starting to get stressed.
"Connor, will you excuse us for a few minutes I need to have a chat with Terry." They walked into the barn office, Jen closed the door behind them and sat at the desk.
"Terry, have you checked our security systems recently, the alarms, the motion detectors, the infrared?" Terry looked at her quizzically.
"What's going on?"
She told him about the card in the mail and that Major Rowden had sent it up to London to see if they could glean anything forensically.
"Sounds like a bit of a windup to me, Ms. Jennie, but you can't be too careful. The house systems are all fine providing you remember to turn them on. I've scheduled to take a ride around and have a look at the motion detectors in the woods, there's a couple that seem to have an intermittent problem. As for the new barn the system, other than the foaling cameras, hasn't been installed yet but I'll call them up and see if we can't get it done quickly."
"What was it we decided to do, Terry? I can't remember."
"CCTV for the perimeter including coverage on the road between the new house and the barns and cameras for the main aisles in the barn itself, the whole system is fed into the main house, the lodge and the manager's house just like the others. I did add something though, to the entire system actually. It's a digital recorder for the entire system. It's big enough to store a week's load of data, wasn't overly expensive......now I'm glad I did."
"How's Connor making out?"
"Well, he asks all the right questions and he obviously knows his business. He's pretty quiet though. Last night, down at the lodge, he just stayed in his room. Time will tell though......not sure Marg likes him too much but then she can be a bit fey sometimes."
.
The drive to the hospice really wasn't that far, just the six miles into Hereford then a couple of miles north. Her mother had been in there for a couple of months as she slowly deteriorated. They had offered to bring her into the big house and provide professional care but, in a more lucid moment, she had refused. George, in the full knowledge that most hospice care in Herefordshire is provided free and is supported through a charity, made significant quarterly donations to the charity which more than covered her costs of care.
She found herself making the drive more often now as her mother deteriorated. For Kate it was a much longer drive from Gloucester and she had the kids to consider but she got there as often as she could. More often as not she would come over to Eaton Bishop with Marianne and Judith, leave them with Margaret, allowing them to drive over together. Today she was driving on her own, turning heads in the bright red, classic MG. She failed to notice the nondescript Vauxhall that picked her up on the B4352, a minor road, followed her at a distance then dropped off at Clehonger.
Many people are of the opinion that a hospice is a dark, dreary place with old folk lining the walls waiting their turn to die......perhaps some of them are. Jen's destination was the exact opposite. A modern facility sitting in the midst of 25 well manicured acres, inside bright and cheery with staff offering day care, family counselling and a complete holistic approach to life and long term palliative care.
Walking from the parking lot to the entrance Jen was hoping to find her mother in one of her more lucid moments. Unfortunately they were getting fewer and further between. More often now her mother didn't even know she was there. She would spend an hour just sitting holding her hand and then leave after talking with her caregiver. If she was lucid she would repeat the offer of coming to Eaton Bishop and living with her but her mother adamantly refused.
Striding through reception she waved at the volunteer behind the desk and headed in the direction of her mother's room.
"Mrs. Mudd," she stopped in mid stride, "thought I'd let you know your mother has another visitor, she's with her now I think."
On entering the room she could see from her mother's attitude and body language that the dementia had hold of her today. A woman was sitting with her back to the door, facing the bed, talking to her mother her voice rising in irritation. Who the hell is this? she thought.
"Excuse me but can I help you?" she said to the figure. At first she didn't recognize her. Time had not dealt kindly with her, her shrewish face under the severe hairstyle looked back at her impatiently as though resenting the interruption, Vivien, her elder sister.
"She doesn't even know you're here Vivien," she said softly, "what are you doing here anyway?"
"I heard she was sick so I thought I'd come and see her, it wasn't hard to find out where she was...... don't you even say hello?"
"Vivien...neither Kate or I have seen or heard from you in over 20 years. To the best of our knowledge the only time you have ever contacted mum was when you wanted something. You never even came to dad's funeral, so what is it you expect or more specifically what is it that you want?"
"I want what is my right, obviously she's going to die soon and I will inherit then but I need a bit of help now."
"Vivien I think we need to have a chat but not here. It's beautiful outside just now, why don't we go sit out in the gardens and catch up a little?" she turned and walked out of the room. At first she didn't think her sister was going to follow her so she stopped to chat to the volunteer in reception. Vivien walked down the corridor towards her. She was beyond slim looking quite thin and drawn. She was wearing a blue suit that had seen better days and was heavily made up. Jen walked out to a bench by one of the ponds and waited for her. Vivien wouldn't sit down but stood in front of her assuming an aggressive stance.......body language that Jen was well used to from when she was a Detective Sergeant in the local police.
"I just want what is mine, Jennifer," she said belligerently.
"By that I assume you mean money?" replied Jen quietly.
"Yes....I know she's well off, after all she's paying for this place." Jen could see immediately that her sister hadn't changed at all over the years and she had neither the patience or the desire to try and talk reason or sense into her. She and Kate had often talked about what they might do if Vivien showed up one day. They had agreed that if Vivien wanted to come back into the family in a caring and contributory manner they would welcome her with open arms but it was apparent to Jen that this was not the case.
"Have you spoken to Kate?"
"How can I? I don't even know where she lives," she replied angrily.
"You found mum easily though didn't you but then perhaps there's no personal gain to you in contacting Kate ........or me for that matter and why are you so angry? don't even try to answer that, Viv, it's purely rhetorical."
"We need some money."
"Who's the 'we'?" asked Jen politely.
"I have a boyfriend."
"So you want mum to not only finance you but your boyfriend as well?"
"He's between jobs and we need money." Jen stood up and got very close to her sister a procedure taught by the police in confrontational situations.
"Vivien.....why would you think your boyfriend's shortage of money is the concern of this family? he should go to his own family if he's that desperate; you don't need to answer. You're here because you've always been able to get mum to swallow your sob stories, well I'm sorry to say, our mum has dementia which is getting progressively worse which you'd know if you'd stayed in touch. As such, she has no control over her affairs and has not had for several months now. I have power of attorney over mother's affairs which includes her entire estate. I think I should also tell you that neither you, me or Kate are, in any way, shape or form, beneficiaries of her estate. The sole beneficiaries are her grand daughters Marianne and Judith, Kate's children, but then you probably didn't even know you were an aunt, Oh and by the way, Mum does not pay for this place........indirectly my husband and I do!"
She backed away and sat down on the bench outwardly relaxed but inwardly seething at her sister. Vivien took a couple of steps backwards.
"She can't do that," she said angrily.
"Do what?" Jen replied softly.
"Just give you control....we have rights too."
"When mum gave me power of attorney she was completely normal and made the decision herself. You see neither Kate or I wanted to materially benefit from mum's death and we told her that, that's why she made the kids the beneficiaries. She knew full well that you would simply squander the money. She made me promise that if you ever came to me for help I was to use my own best judgement, how did you get here anyway, Vivien?"
"My boy friend is waiting for me in his car." Jen stood up and with her swinging, athletic gait set off in the direction of the car park, she paused and turned back to her sister.
"Vivien, you're my sister.....if you ever want anything out of me in this life you will do exactly as I say if not I guarantee you will get nothing.......ever!" She turned and continued on to the car park.
"Wind down the window please." She stood close to the driver's side door of the beat up Audi. The man was sitting there, smoking, listening to the radio. Jen tapped on the window,
"Wind down the window......now please." The man tried to open the door but Jen had her knee against it. "I didn't say get out of the car, I simply asked you to wind the window down." She turned to her sister, "Vivien, do you have any luggage?"
"No, we left it in a pub in Hereford."
"Good.....Mr Whatever your name is, I'm Vivien's sister and I'm going to take her to my place as we have some things to discuss. I want you to drive back to Hereford and I will bring Vivien back when we're done." She turned to Vivien...."well? this is your first and only chance."
"Harry ...please go back to the pub I'll be back later," she looked at Jen questioningly.
"Yes we won't be long I only live about six miles out of Hereford......couple of hours or so." Harry started the car and drove away without another look at Vivien. Jen walked across the car park to her car.
"Get in, Vivien."
"This is your car?" asked Vivien a little startled.
"Yes, it's a re-built 55 MG TF......... cute isn't it. You'd better tie your hair back I'm not going to put the roof up, it's far too nice a day."


Chapter 8
It was raining, for some reason it always seemed to be raining in Catford, South London. Not heavy, just steady and depressing. Everything seemed to be grey and shiny, the buildings, most of which had seen better days, the pavement, even the people. Lou Phillips, aka Kevin Callahan, hurried along the pavement head down like everyone else as though somehow you would keep dryer this way. He was late, he was wet, he was cold. He missed the heat of Southern Mexico but O'Brian wanted it this way and he was paying him good money. The sooner he got back the better but O'Brian had some fixed ideas as to how this was going to be done.......so first things first. Across the street, through the dirty mist thrown up by the traffic, he could see the Blythe Hill Tavern a favorite local watering hole. Lots of TVs, decent draft beer, Celtic music on Thursday nights.......a popular spot with the local Irish.
Once through the door the tension seemed to leave his body to the extent that he was always on his guard. The authorities were still looking for Kevin Callahan not Lou Phillips. By now his appearance had changed and he couldn't be recognized from the photos on file. The air in the pub was filled with animated chatter, mostly with an Irish accent, the smell of draft beer, damp clothes and cheap cigarettes. Obviously, in here, no one gave a damn about the no smoking laws. He worked his way through the crowd, doesn't anyone here work for a living? he thought. Pint in hand his eyes scanned the patrons sitting in the various nooks, not a woman in sight he noticed. A chap on his own caught his attention, he seemed to be nursing a pint and still wearing his Mac, he hadn't been in the building long as the shoulders were still soaked. His flat cap was on the table in front of him obviously indicating that that seat was taken. He walked over, moved the cap and sat down.
"Ronan Flaherty?" The man nodded his head but a tension entered his body.
"I'm Aiden Callahan's brother."
"So you're Kevin?"
"Don't call me Kevin, my name's Lou Phillips and I would prefer that you don't forget it."
"Sorry to hear about Aiden, we were pals for years, met him in the Maze."
"The English killed him."
"That's what I heard."
"How'd you make out?" He'd spoken to the man previously on O'Brian's recommendation , made a deal but hadn't actually met him face to face until now. He'd had him stop in Hereford on his way down from Liverpool.
"I've seen her a couple of times, she drives a red MG if the weather's fine, if not she drives a Range Rover. Her mother is in a home just outside Hereford, she drives down there quite often. I've seen her sister too a couple of times, she has two daughters as far as I can see."
"Have you seen him at all?"
"No, not once, I've seen a military looking gent visit once but it wasn't him for sure."
"Hmmm...that was probably Rowden, I'll get you a photo. I'll need photos of the sister's kids....we have one of her, you sure you never saw Mudd?"
"Absolutely.....but I never set foot on the property."
"Do you think they have a security system?"
"For sure, I can see the CCTV camera at the main entrance but as to how extensive it is I couldn't say. Don't forget though it's a busy horse operation so they must have some sort of security."
"Do you think you could get on the property?"
"I could always just walk in looking for a job but once they've seen my face it would make things harder later." Lou took a long pull of his beer and looked at the little man thoughtfully, pushing a large brown envelope across the table he said,
"OK, this is what I want you to do."
.
It was hard to tell where the sky met the sea. It was hot, the only breeze caused by the boat's own motion through the water. George sat up on the flying bridge under the hard top watching the dolphins dancing around the bow. They'd changed their minds concerning the route they were going to take and headed slightly east of north from Panama and now had turned due east to cut between Haiti and Cuba. Once through that relatively narrow channel they would turn north towards the Bahamas and Nassau to re-fuel. Their next stop would be Faial in the Azores, 3000 miles to the east but well within their range even allowing for some bad weather. With this in mind George was keeping an eye on a disturbance occurring just to the west of Senegal in West Africa. This was the spawning ground for severe weather as it began its customary track westward, gathering in intensity, before it descended on the Islands to the west then turned north towards the Gulf of Mexico.
.
In the meantime, the weather was gorgeous, the beer was cold and their diet had been supplemented by Dorado, caught trolling behind the boat. They had about 700 miles to go or about 65 hours steaming. Hopefully the Cubans wouldn't pay them any attention as they slipped by although being a Canadian Registered Vessel should help them on their way.
.
Drew, the boat's Captain, kept himself busy with the routine of running a large power boat at sea. The daily maintenance and navigation, the monitoring of performance coupled with attention to all the ancillary systems that keep a boat running, comfortable and safe whilst at sea. He discussed daily their position and performance with George but other than that tended to keep himself to himself having his own quarters but standing watch along with everyone else on a 'four on four off' basis. George, on the other hand, had more in common with the two crew members Rick and Gary. All three had been part of the SAS and had seen action in different parts of the world. They discussed at length their experiences and, over time, a bond was created that only men who've shared the same danger can truly experience. George made a point of bringing them up to speed concerning his most recent activities that involved O'Brian and Callahan, his relative concerns, his closeness with Robbie McElroy and his relationship with Rafferty and O'Rourke both currently living in Northern Island but whose skills were available to him at the drop of a hat.
.
He spoke daily with Jen in England who kept him up to date concerning the plans for the new office construction, the performance of their new farm manager Connor Moylan and the deterioration of her mother in Hereford. She said nothing about the card she had received, her subsequent conversation with Dave Rowden or the steps she had taken. She knew full well that George's reaction would be to fly home at the first opportunity.


Chapter 9
The little red car took the winding road from Hereford to Eaton Bishop in its stride leaving a brittle exhaust note lingering behind. Jen loved showing the car off and pushed it harder than she normally would driving home. Vivien sat in the passenger seat obviously not comfortable in an open sports car, her knuckles white, as she unnecessarily hung on. Jen piloted the car through the familiar hedgerows a smile of contentment on her face, pulling up in front of the high cast iron gates to the side of the Lodge House, she operated her gate opener hanging on the key chain. Pulling through the gates she stopped the car, the gates quietly closing behind them automatically. She got out of the car, crossed the grass verge and stood at the fence with her foot on the bottom rail waiting for one of the mares to come visit. She really didn't know where to start with Vivien. For years she had been angry with her, for years she had had no contact with her but she recognized that she shared equal responsibility for that. She was angry perhaps as a result of her childhood experiences or more because of Vivien's treatment of their mother. She was angry because she was an aunt and hadn't even known it.
She gazed across the front paddock, the house out of sight, waiting for the mare trotting towards her looking for a treat. At the end of the day Vivien was her sister and nothing could change that, she thought wryly. Did she deserve another chance? probably not, but she would make the effort never the less. She held out her hand with the cube of sugar. The mare carefully nuzzled it off her palm, turned and trotted back towards the other horses 200 yards away in the far corner of the field. She was heavy not having foaled yet. Jen hoped she wasn't having a problem although the vet hadn't said anything yet. She sighed inwardly and turned towards the car, the silence only broken by the ticking of the engine as it cooled down and the sound of the swifts as they busied themselves building their new nests under the eaves of the old Lodge.
.
"Viv, you're my sister and, sad as it is, I know nothing about you. My only knowledge of you is of as a kid plus whatever mum might have told me over the years. You left and that was that. Kate and I were angry that you didn't even come to dad's funeral. After that Viv, in all honesty, neither Kate or I wanted to have anything to do with you but you're our sister and perhaps we should all make an effort to move on, although obviously I can't speak for Kate."
She stood leaning against the fence facing the car, now quiet, one booted heel hooked over the bottom rail waiting for some sort of response. Vivien sat in the car, not looking at her.
"Viv, let's make this very easy, if you want things to stay as they are all you have to do is have the courage to say so. I'll take you back to Hereford and that'll be an end to it. Having said that please know, and I'm speaking for myself here not Kate, that you'll never get anything from me. As I said before mum's estate is already a done deal. None of us get anything out of it as everything goes to Marianne and Judith. I certainly don't need her money and neither does Kate. I have to assume that you are in a different position but you've brought it upon yourself. If you want to make an effort we can drive up to the house, talk things over a bit and if you wish you could stay over a couple of days and I could get Kate to come over from Gloucester with the kids.......decision time Viv." Vivien looked up her face impassive.
"Do you live here, Jennifer, in this house?" nodding at the Lodge.
"No...I live in the big house."
"Do you work there?"
"No, my husband and I own it." Viv opened her mouth in astonishment.
"You're just a policewoman."
"Viv, at the risk of sounding like a record, we haven't kept in touch. I was a policewoman, actually I was a Detective Sergeant when I walked away. I met George years ago on a case. We've been married for quite a while although unfortunately we have no kids. George owns a security business but he's away just now and I own and run the horse operation here on the farm. Our housekeeper and her husband live in the Lodge here and our farm manager has a house behind the barns. If you want to stay for a while and hopefully see Kate I'll show you around.......it's up to you." She pushed herself off the fence, crossed the verge and climbed into the car. "So, what's it to be Viv.......turn around and back to Hereford or up to the house?"
.
The old Vauxhall slowed down as it passed the gates then sped up and disappeared down the lane.
.
Terry rode the Honda ATV slowly down the fence line carefully inspecting the fence itself for any sign of damage. This was a regular occurrence, horses chew and fences get damaged, he still had several hours of daylight and he enjoyed getting out on the machine, even at his age. Most of the 300 acres was broken up into paddocks and George had recently bought some acreage to the north that bordered on the river in order to guarantee their privacy. This was well wooded with mixed trees and, in some areas, dense undergrowth. Terry had had a good look at this piece of land before it had been bought. He'd noted a couple of sight lines to the big house in the distance and had installed a couple of motion detectors in strategic positions. These were battery operated as were most of the others and connected via high frequency radio to the small control room in the Lodge. It took several hours to inspect all the fencing and check out the sensors which he did by activating the unit and then checking with Marg by mobile phone back at the house. Parking the ATV by a gate he stepped out through the long grass into the woodland.
.
The spring sunlight immediately became dappled by the tree canopy. Underfoot the new growth was starting to show green, the ferns, the new grass. He stopped, head cocked enjoying the silence suddenly broken by the guttural call of a pheasant. It was cooler in here but fresh with the scent of Spring and that mulch smell that comes from unspoilt, mature woodland. He picked up a game trail, deer in here he thought, and followed its meandering path, he could hear the merry chatter of the river in the distance. He stepped off the faint trail and turned in the direction of the big house looking for the white of the paddock fencing. The sunlight slanted through the trees like spotlights on a stage. Suddenly through the trees he could see the fence and, beyond the fence perhaps 300 yards in the distance, the old house.
His eye was taken by a sudden flash in the undergrowth between himself and the fence. The sun was glinting off something lying in the new grass. Careful where he put his feet.....an old habit.....he stood immobile and quiet, studying the area. It was a chocolate wrapper, the sun had reflected off the foil on the inside. He carefully stepped forward, now a couple of cigarette butts. He dropped to his knees; it was a hide of some sort with the house in full view. Somebody had spent time here. He carefully backed away leaving no sign of his presence and walked back to the ATV. It would appear as though the house had been under surveillance and by an amateur at that. No professional would leave any sign of his presence. He sat astride the machine deep in thought. There's no way they could get to the hide, he thought of it more as an observation point ....an OP....., from this side of the river, that would be stupid, so they must have crossed the river. There's one spot where it's shallow enough to ford on foot but there would be the danger of being seen from the small, upscale community over there. Whoever it is wouldn't be staying over there, a stranger would stand out like a sore thumb, so they must be coming from Hereford, it's only a few minutes down the road. He slowly motored back to the Lodge pondering his options and thinking about his discussion with Ms. Jennie and the postcard.


Chapter 10
Jen strode through the front door with Vivien close on her heels. Cutting straight across the two story entrance lobby she called,
"Margaret, can we get some tea or something in the study." She threw herself into one of the wingback chairs and invited her sister to sit down. Margaret tapped on the door and quietly entered the room. "Margaret, this is my sister Vivien Plowright, she'll be staying with us for a night or two would you air out the small bedroom at the front and get us some tea with a sandwich or a biscuit or something."
"How do you do, Ms. Plowright," said Margaret her face giving nothing away, "I'll let you know when your room is made up. Ms. Jennie, I've put your personal mail on the desk, all the farm mail has gone direct to Mr. Moylan if that is alright with you?"
"I'll have to think about that, Margaret. It might be a bit soon for him to be getting everything, I'm not comfortable with being out of the loop so quickly but I'll speak to Connor about it myself."
.
Viv sat, looking uncomfortable and stiff, in the comfortable chair. She looked around in surprise at the room and what it reflected. Jennie sat and watched her quizzically. After a few seconds, the silence only broken by the ticking of the grandfather clock in the entranceway, Jen stood up, walked over to the desk and idly ran her fingers through the stack of mail.
"I love this room," she said looking through the mullioned windows at the expanse of manicured lawn just recently cut, "I think it's my favorite in the whole house." Viv looked around taking in the ten foot ceilings, the Adams fireplace, the polished oak flooring partially covered by an oriental rug that seemed to glow in the light coming through the high windows.
"OK Vivien, to satisfy your curiosity, the house is Georgian, the estate is three hundred acres bordering on the river, if you like I can give you a bit of a tour tomorrow. We have a horse breeding operation here which I run myself although I did just hire a farm manager as it was getting to be too much. We have three barns plus an arena on the farm with about sixty mares currently. We focus on the breeding side of the business rather than the racing. George, my husband, owns a security business specializing in oil field security. We are just in the process of moving our head offices to this property from Dubai. George is a boat freak and right now he's in the Caribbean, at least I think he is. He's bringing his boat over to England so he won't be home for a few weeks yet. Margaret and her husband Terry live in the Lodge down by the main gate and Connor Moylan, our new farm manager lives in the new house up behind the main barn. That's really it I suppose Viv. I'm sure you have lots of questions as do I but there's no hurry just make yourself comfortable, explore a bit if you like. If you need anything just ask Margaret. If you really want to stay a bit we could get Terry to drive into Hereford and get your stuff, by the way.....shouldn't you call your boyfriend?"
.
She sat behind the massive, antique partner's desk and started to go through the stack of mail. Mostly bills, a sketch from the architect presenting an idea for the new offices, a couple of invitations. Her eye was taken by a letter with a Belfast mark on it, at first she thought it was perhaps for Connor but it was addressed to George and Jennifer Mudd. Slitting it open with the letter opener a single photograph fell out onto the desk face up. She recoiled in shock, staring at it in dismay. Pa'an, their old associate and close personal friend of George's, stared back at her from the color photo. He was obviously dead, sitting in the jungle where he had died the previous year. His throat had been cut and his eyes were wide open in surprise, blood had soaked the front of his shirt. Picking up the knife she flicked the photo over. Written on the back, in black felt tip, the words......NOT YET!
.
"This is more than a wind up," said Dave Rowden. The three of them, Jen, Terry and David who had driven over from Ledbury, were sitting in the study looking at the photo with a morbid fascination.
"I've tried to get hold of George," said Jen, "but without any success I'm not even sure where he is. If he runs into weather or something and we can't get hold of him we're going to have to deal with this ourselves." Wearing surgical gloves Dave put the photo back in the envelope and dropped the whole issue into an evidence bag. Snapping off the gloves,
"I'll send it up to London but I doubt they'll get anything from it. It'll be like the other one. I'm convinced the photo would have been taken by whoever it was killed Pa'an. I distinctly remember Robbie telling me that he closed his eyes before he had to leave him there. He was pretty broken up about it they'd been together for years you know."
"It has to be Callahan," said Terry quietly, "his brother was killed in London last year and O'Brian made it clear that Callahan had killed Pa'an after Robbie kneecapped him. For sure Callahan knows who all the players are and we have to assume he isn't letting it go. We need to beef up our security here at the farm and let Robbie know what's going on."
"I think we have to do more than that," said David, "this is obviously a security issue so we need to involve the Commander in London."
.
The boat strained at her lines as the rising wind roared down the harbour and buffeted the boat in her slip. They had made it to Nassau in a building sea and had managed to refuel but not re-provision. The storm George had been watching for the last few days had developed into a full blown tropical depression the leading edge of which was bearing down on the Bahamas. It was early! Normally in this part of the world this type of weather occurred in the summer and through to October but weather generally seemed to be developing new patterns. In anticipation of a really bad blow they had tripled up all their lines and put out every fender they possessed. The 22 foot runabout stored on the foredeck had been lashed down and every moveable item on deck had been stowed below. All they could do now was wait it out. An irritating anomaly of this storm was that all communication was down including the Satphone. George put it down to some sort of electrical interference but he missed not being able to talk to Jen daily. He sat up on the bridge with Drew watching the storm develop on the big flat screen to one side of the helm.
"This bloody thing is tracking right towards us," said Drew, "we're secure enough in here though but we could be stuck here for a while. The danger is it turns into a full blown hurricane. It's not the wind we have to worry about but the water it would push in front of it. Just have to wait and see I reckon......we've done everything we can."
"I don't like not having any communication," said George, "the VHF works OK but that's just line of sight. I haven't had any success with either the Satphone or the single side band and the phone lines seem to be down on the Island. Ah well it is what it is....like you say....wait it out!"


Chapter 11
"He nearly caught me," Callahan thumbed down the volume on his mobile, Flaherty was shouting down the phone, "luckily I heard his machine coming down the fence line so I was able to beat it but I'm certain he found my hide and figured someone was watching the house."
"Calm down, Ronan, by now they know something is in the wind so it probably doesn't matter, lay low in Hereford and I'll get back to you pretty quickly."
.
Callahan sat back in his chair and gazed at the grimy wall. O'Brian had had him open a small warehouse in South London to distribute coffee to the customers in Europe. The coffee business had quickly developed to the extent that it paid to bulk ship to London and then re-distribute the individual orders from there. 'Café de Chiapas' was a going concern with the added benefit of providing a legitimate front for the 'other business' which was also growing at an even faster rate. Callahan's specific function in this enterprise was to facilitate distribution which, with his previous contacts, was not proving too difficult. The prime challenge was the movement of the cash the business generated. However O'Brian was fixated on the other job at hand and was using the influx of cash to finance the project. According to Flaherty there was still no sign of George Mudd although another woman had showed up at the house with Mudd's wife. To the best of their knowledge Robbie McElroy was still in Dubai but.......first things first, some of the players were in place. He picked up his mobile and hit a speed dial.
.
The insistent buzzing of the intercom on her bedside table brought Jen out of her sleep. Although she hadn't had the usual dream, pictures and memories of Pa'an had kept her awake half the night. She was worried that she hadn't been able to get hold of George but knew that a tropical storm was bearing down on his general location a fact that, of itself, caused her to worry. She looked at the clock.....it was only 5.30. God what's up now? she thought.
"Yes...what is it? I'm awake now."
"It's Terry, sorry to wake you up so early but I think you should come up to the main barn."
"What's up?"
"You'll see when you get here, Ms Jennie." The phone went dead.
She pulled herself out of bed, got into her jeans and a thick sweater, ran a brush through her hair and headed downstairs, Margaret was already there.
"Take a coffee with you, Ms. Jennie, it's still pretty cool out there."
Slipping on her Wellies she went out through a side door and took the path, coffee in hand, to the main barn. The sun wasn't up yet but it was light enough to see. There was a slight mist on the paddocks to the south but no horses had been put out yet which was unusual for this time of the morning.
.
The entire morning crew was gathered around one of the large foaling stalls straining to see inside. In the stall Terry and Connor Moylan stood looking down at a foal lying in the thick straw
"He's dead, Ms. Jennie," said Terry as she walked in.
"Which is it?" she asked.
"It's the colt out of Bailey's Ride.....we've moved her into another stall."
".....but he's got to be eight or ten weeks old by now," she muttered, "how can this be?"
"He was right as rain when we put 'em up last night," said Connor, "wolfed his feed too. He's been dead at least two hours coz rigor has set in already."
"OK," said Jennie.....all business..."get everybody back to work...no more gawking, let's go to the office."
.
Settled in the office she sat behind the desk, nursing her coffee, looking at Terry and Connor.
"What could possibly have caused that?" she asked. "I know we're used to losing foals, it's part of the business but not at eight to ten weeks. Call the vet, I want him here now I don't care what time it is and nobody in the stall! Was anyone in the barn during the night?"
"No Ms. Jennie, as you know we only have someone on duty during the night if we're actively foaling and there's nothing going on just now."
"Anything on the CCTV?"
"It's not on in the barns unless we're foaling."
She looked up at one of the white boards hanging on the wall they used for scheduling staff.
"Did you write that?" she asked
Written on the board in bold red caps.............WHAT'S NEXT?


Chapter 12
Callahan looked at the three skids of coffee just unloaded from the truck. He checked off the bill of lading and then compared it to the distribution list e-mailed from Mexico. Each of the individual packages was five pounds of coffee either beans or pre-ground to the customer's specifications. Each five pounds was packaged in the now familiar "Café de Chiapas" green and yellow bag. According to the distribution list two of the skids were for individual re-distribution to customers all over Europe but primarily in the United Kingdom and the balance for inventory to be maintained in London to cater to urgent orders.
With a part time student he had hired they set about splitting up the first two skids into individual orders and re-packing the bags for shipment onwards using local carriers. The process was simple and fast. There was no billing requirement as each order had been pre-paid. This took the best part of the day. Once finished the shipments sat on the dock waiting for pick up the following day........... Callahan sent the student home.
The remaining skid was a mixture of beans and ground coffee easily identified by the packaging. Splitting up the skid he placed all the beans on shelving for future order fulfillment. Each bag was about the size of a bag of sugar, vacuum sealed and the top held down by scotch tape. Taking the remaining bags of ground coffee he placed them on a small cart and wheeled them into his office. Sitting at his desk he carefully opened one of the bags. The room was immediately filled with the aroma of freshly ground coffee. Pouring the ground coffee into a bowl he removed the cellophane bag buried in the centre of the package.......cocaine! He smiled....another shipment received safely. A few hours work and he would deal with all the bags, do the re-packaging and add the ground coffee to inventory in the warehouse ensuring that the count matched the count on the bill of lading. Once finished the bags of cocaine would fill a small brief case ready for distribution through the network built by himself and O'Brian. It seemed pretty easy to him. The coke originated in Guatemala, was brought over the border into Mexico by O'Brian's migrant workers, buried in shipments of ground coffee which made it extremely difficult to detect by either machine or dog and shipped to England using the very legitimate Café de Chiapas business. The more dangerous part of the operation was the distribution of the drug and the laundering of the revenue although he did have an idea for this but it would require either some legitimate financing or bringing someone else into the 'chain' which was often a dangerous proposition.
Swinging the brief case he set off for his home in Croydon.
.
Thousands of miles to the west the wind and rain lashed at the bridge windows of the 'Gypsy Too.' Drew and George sat in the bridge chairs watching the approach and development of the storm on the flat screen in front of them.
"It doesn't look as though it's getting any stronger," said Drew, "on top of that I think it's going to swing south of us and more into the Gulf."
"It's strong enough," answered George, "glad we're in here and not at sea."
"Sometime you're better off being at sea providing you have some room," said Drew thoughtfully. The boat lurched on her lines as a particularly strong gust came down the harbour.
"Takes a hell of a wind to move a boat that weighs in at over two hundred thousand pounds," said George, "blowing about seventy just now.......gusts higher than that."
"It's going to blow through," said Drew standing up, "for sure it's heading south of us. You should get your communication back soon although the phone service on the Island will be down for a while. Takes them forever to fix stuff around here, give it two or three hours you might be able to get in touch with your wife although we probably won't be able to get out of here for several days."
.
Dave Rowden got out of his car in the forecourt of the old house, he loved coming over here from Ledbury. The old house still sat there as it had for over two hundred years the ancient stone glowing in the afternoon sun. The silence was only broken by the sound of a tractor over by the barns and the frolicking of the foals in the nearby paddock. The door opened as he walked up to the portico.
"Heard your car," said Jen, "the others are here, we're in the study." Terry and Connor Moylan were in the study together with a ruddy faced gentleman who was a stranger to David.
"David this is our vet, Trevor Newnham. Trevor, this is David Rowden a close friend of the family but also attached to the West Mercia Police. OK, let's deal with the foal first then Trevor can get on his way. What do you think, Trevor?"
"Obviously I can't be certain without having the results of a full blown autopsy but frankly I've seen this before but not in foals. Subject to the autopsy which we've put a rush on by the way, I would say the foal did not die of natural causes. The symptoms are those of an overdose of barbiturates probably administered by a needle. The reason I've seen it before is quite often it is used to put horses down. As I said before I'll know better after the autopsy but I'm pretty sure."
"So what you're saying is that someone killed the foal?" said Connor.
"Yes, it looks that way."
"Why the hell would someone do that?" Connor again. Silence in the room each with their own thoughts.
"Thanks Trevor," said Jen," as soon as you have the formal report please give me a call. I would also appreciate you either e-mailing or faxing the report itself. Thanks for your time, I'll see you out." Jen came back all business.
"OK.....the first thing we do is work on the basis that the doctor is right. Terry and Connor I want you to ensure that all the security systems are up and running effective immediately. That includes the new systems between the new house and the barns. Now that we are not foaling I want the foaling cameras re-directed to cover as much of the barn as possible. I also want the night shift re-installed but in all three barns. No girls for this Terry just the lads keep the girls for the day shift......maybe we can get a couple of part timers for the heavier work during the day, any questions, no? Good......so let's get on with it. Terry and David I want to have a private word with you if you don't mind. Connor, if you'll excuse us for a while.....thank you."
"Drinks anyone? David, you do the honors." Settling in to the comfortable wing chairs each nursing a twenty five year old Bowmore, "so what do you think?"
"There's too much going on," said David, "it's almost as though there's a schedule, the card, the photo and now this.....if the vet is right."
"Let's work on the assumption he is," said Jen.
"There's nothing on the recording machine," said Terry "although it wouldn't be too difficult to get on the farm without being seen, I'll go over it again though." David stood up and walked over to the window overlooking the tennis court.
"If the vet is right wouldn't you have to know something about horses to kill one in such a manner?"
"You probably would," said Jen, "but it's something you could easily Google."
"How much do you know about Connor Moylan?" asked David, "he's the new man on the block so to speak."
"He had terrific references," said Jen, "been in the horse business all his working life but we know little about his private life. He's never spoken about it other than tell us he's single."
"Maybe it's time to take a look," said David thoughtfully, "I'll look after that, after all there's no one else new on the farm unless someone came in under the security system."
"My sister is here," said Jen, "in fact she's in the house now although how long she's going to be here I don't know."
"I didn't see Kate's car," said David.
"It's not Kate, Dave, it's Vivien. I haven't seen her in over twenty years." She went on to recount the events of the previous day and gave them a brief rundown of the history. David stood up and rubbed his face in frustration.
"It's almost as though someone is escalating. First the card which ties us to Costa Rica, then the photo which ties us to Pa'an and Callahan and now this.......a serious scare tactic. I think we need to take this very seriously and work on the assumption that Callahan is behind this. My priorities now are to put the wheels in motion to find Callahan and do some investigation on Moylan. I also think we should formalize this and consider it an escalation of what happened in London last year.......... a revenge tactic for the death of Callahan's brother." Jennie looked up from her drink.
"It sounds as though we are assuming we are at risk. If that's the case we should include everyone that was directly involved in the operation last year. That's you David, George, Robbie and myself. George is probably quite safe just now although where he is is anyone's guess. Robbie's location is in the public domain......I think we should bring him here......that was the plan originally anyway as our head office is going to be located here eventually. The sooner I can get to talk to George the better but there's something else I can do in the meantime."


Chapter 13
Burnaby is a suburb of Vancouver, British Columbia on the west coast of Canada, an eclectic mix of commercial, industrial and residential areas typical of any modern city and bordering on the Fraser River to the south.
.
Hector Pan stood in front of the picture window overlooking the busy thoroughfare two stories below. There was hardly any noise from the constant traffic it being thoroughly muted by the thick, bullet proof glass. The rain had stopped but the road was still wet with dirty water being splashed up onto the sidewalks by the passing cars, he turned and sat at his desk.
The room was large and resembled the library in an old English house. Leather wing chairs, a partner's desk, cherry wood flooring partially covered by a Persian Rug, one wall covered in book shelves, the light soft and indirect. The entire room reeked of money and good taste.
Hector himself, a middle aged Asian of Vietnamese descent, was impeccably but casually dressed as usual. English tailored cavalry twills, shoes by Lobbs of London and an Argyle lambs wool sweater. He was the picture of a successful business man, a wealthy and urbane gentleman. His business ventures spread across Canada, parts of Central America and Europe. He was represented in many countries with direct relatives fulfilling most of the more sensitive functions. In fact Hector Pan was one of the biggest gangsters in Canada, allowed to stay in business because he was an incredible source of information to the Canadian Security Services. He was also close friend to George and Jennifer Mudd having helped them in the past; in fact it was from Hector that George had bought the "Gypsy Too."
.
He now sat and contemplated the lengthy conversation he'd just had with Jennifer. He shared her concern but also had had no success in getting hold of George in Nassau although he'd instructed his son, Trevor, who George knew personally, to keep trying. He agreed that Callahan was probably behind the events although he wondered how everything was being financed. The last known position of Callahan had been Costa Rica the year before although even then he hadn't actually been seen. The information had come from O'Brian now presumed dead. He picked up the phone and began a series of long distance phone calls that would last well into the evening.
.
Callahan, travelling as Lou Phillips, boarded the Leeds train at Kings Cross and settled in for the two and a half hour trip. He was casually dressed in jeans, leather jacket and carried a holdall with a change of clothes. Getting off in Leeds City Station he walked over to Enterprise Rent-a-Car on Sheepscar and picked up the rental car he had booked. Driving north out of the city being careful to maintain the proper speed limits he drove up to Chapeltown and pulled up outside a nondescript house on Garmont Road. Parking in the driveway and using a key on his key ring he let himself into the house and settled down to wait. It wasn't too long before he answered the doorbell and let in two of his old comrades from Belfast. After a pot of tea they cleared off the large, pine kitchen table. Callahan upended the holdall and dumped the cocaine onto the table. One of the visitors opened the large bag he had with him and dumped several smaller bags of glucose onto the floor.
"We'll cut it as usual," said Callahan, "four to one ratio, I thought of going more but it's important we retain the quality. We should be done by midnight, you guys can clear off tomorrow after you've been paid."
.
It took longer than expected. They worked until the early hours of the morning their breathing restricted by the masks they had to wear and finally packaging the product into street size cellophane packets. Once finished they changed their clothes throwing the clothes they had worn into the washing machine and scrubbed down the kitchen, utensils and the scales they had used. Only when Callahan was satisfied that no sign remained of their work did he allow them to go to bed. The following day he paid off the two Irishmen promising them more work the following month. He now had just three deliveries to make before heading back to London. He had learned years earlier, through his association with the IRA, that the best security was to keep everything compartmentalized, the less each knew the better. Distribution knew nothing about production and production knew nothing about the source. This way it was impossible for the entire network to be folded up. He loaded up his car, drove up to a pub in Moortown and picked up two more of his previous associates from when he was involved in 'the cause.' This was his protection, his muscle as he went through the distribution phase. He only had three major dealers to meet with, one in Leeds, one in Newcastle and one in Liverpool, each would pay him and then would deal with their own street dealers. Each was a cut out....security therefore was good but never guaranteed.
.
Sitting in the train heading back to London, the large holdall at his feet, he contemplated how easy it had been to make an incredible amount of money in a very short space of time. He thought about how easy it would be to disappear with the money in the holdall. He also thought about the long and very dangerous arm of O'Brian sitting in his chair in Mexico. He was so well paid it just wasn't worth it besides he needed O'Brian......they both had a score to settle.


Chapter 14
Jen liked the early mornings, the mist quickly burning off the land as the sun rose over the trees to the east, enjoyed watching the morning staff walk the mares and foals out to their paddocks and the young horses kicking up their heels after being confined in stalls all night.
This morning was no exception, sitting at the table in the huge bay window in the breakfast room watching the activity outside and abstractly turning the pages of the sports section of the morning paper. She'd got up early this morning, worked out for half an hour in the exercise room, had a quick shower and come down for breakfast. She could hear Margaret clattering around in the kitchen to the background of the BBC news on the radio. As usual she was comfortable in her tan corduroys, loafers and a brown and turquoise sweater bought for her by George, her Barbour jacket was thrown over the back of a chair.
It was a normal morning with the exception that she missed George and their traditional morning conversation over breakfast, except it wasn't normal at all. She had this feeling in the pit of her stomach. Too many coincidences; she remembered Robbie telling her that coincidences get you killed, expect the worst and anything else comes as a pleasant surprise.
She was thankful she'd spoken to Hector in Canada. He had a huge network in the strangest places and had promised to put it to work. He'd tried to get hold of George but with the same lack of success. She knew that David, in his official capacity, was going up to London today to meet with his boss, the Commander, and re-open the operation from last year on the assumption that what was going on here in Herefordshire was a continuation. Gazing out of the window a frown on her face she thought.......what other steps could she take?
"You look miles away." Damn.....Vivien...she'd forgotten about her.
"Morning Viv, you look as though you've had a good night's sleep." She looked rested and had obviously just washed her hair, leaving it down rather than in a tight bun. It softened her features somewhat. She was wearing the same, somewhat worn, suit she had worn the day before.
"Sit down, have a coffee, if you'd like breakfast Margaret will get you anything you want."
"Just a coffee and toast thanks, Jennifer, it's all I usually have. I slept really well last night, the best for a long time." Jen took a sip of her coffee looking at her sister over the top of her cup.
"Have you thought about what I said, Viv?"
"I'd like to stay a few days if that's alright with you," said Viv quietly. Her shoulders heaved as she put her head in her hands and wept. Jen was tempted to get up and put her arms around her but decided to let her get it out of her system. Margaret came into the room bringing fresh coffee and toast; she put her hand on Viv's shoulder,
"Don't worry, Miss Vivien, we'll look after you.....there's nothing to be afraid of here."
I'm not so sure about that thought Jen to herself but it's got nothing to do with her. A few days can't hurt....I'll have to speak to Kate though. Quickly Viv calmed down and looked at Jen her face streaked with tears.
"I'm so sorry," she whispered," I was so angry when mum and dad argued and then he left........I just couldn't handle it. I was still angry when he died that's why I didn't go to the funeral." Jen got up and sat on the window seat elbows on her knees.
"Viv...there's little point in raking up the past. I'm OK with you staying here for a few days and seeing how things go. I'd like to get Kate and the kids over here but I'll talk to her first....she'll understand. We'll just have to come up with a story for the girls.......long lost aunt or something.....it'll work out. In the meantime whilst you're here you'll have to muck in with the farm like everyone else.......hope you like horses. We'll drive into Hereford later this morning and get you some clothes."
"I don't have any money, Jennifer," said Viv starting to weep again.
"Don't worry about that Viv.....you'll work it off in the barns. By the way, what did you do about your boy friend.......what was his name again?"
"Harry..........I sent him back to London......I hope that's alright?"


Chapter 15
The phone call he'd received late at night from his uncle in Vancouver had sounded urgent. Hector had made it quite clear that he had to drop everything and put the entire network to work.
Julio sat in his office overlooking the casino main floor. He'd been in San Jose almost ten years now and had opened three casinos in different parts of Costa Rica plus several in other parts of Central America. Hector Pan had steadfastly refused to get into the drug business leaving that to the cartels in Columbia and Mexico.....much to the disgust of his sons.
As such the cartels left him alone recognizing that his only interest was gambling and what in Costa Rica was state sponsored prostitution.
Julio himself was an educated man. He'd been taken under the wing of his uncle after his father had been killed in a hit and run. Hector had seen to it that he was educated in Canada and then located in Costa Rica as he had dual citizenship, his mother being Costa Rican although, under his guidance, she was now running a casino in Managua, Nicaragua.
He prided himself on his network in the region, a network that extended from the street to all levels of government, the judiciary and the various police departments. His uncle had taught him well. Information was the most valuable currency of all. Bribery seemed to be a way of doing business in this part of the world and Julio was very generous.
His uncle was quite explicit.......find Kevin Callahan. He'd been in Costa Rica the year before and had disappeared. Julio had been involved in running Robbie and George down into Playa Zancudo the previous year and had seen his uncle's boat in the harbour in Golfito. He would start in Playa Zancudo.
.
He sat in the open bar on the beach the warm breeze floating in off the ocean. It was obviously a local hangout and probably the only bar in the vicinity that had TV. Playa Zancudo was obviously a dump with no obvious reason for its existence other than the sport fishing from a couple of charter operators living close by. He'd been told it was the home of the wanted and the unwanted. Looking around he could see why, just forty miles north of the Panama Border on the Pacific Ocean and surrounded by jungle. The road north and south was unmade and often unusable......the place reminded him of a cheap Italian western set, at least the beer was cold. The palmed hundred dollar bill was working its magic as he chatted with the bartender. People tend to mind their own business in this part of the world but money always talks. The barman remembered the evening last year, the shots from the house down the beach, the big yacht standing offshore. He remembered the Toyota Land Cruiser leaving the house and heading north but he had no idea who was driving or how many were in it. He remembered hearing that there were blood stains in the house but no bodies so someone must have made an effort to clean up..........an easy hundred. Why move a dead body? Bodies were not unusual in this part of the world it being part of the 'drug corridor.' The answer was simple.....there wasn't a dead body; at least two people had left in the Toyota. Another twenty changed hands.....Julio picked up the phone on the bar.
.
Sitting in his living room in San Jose Julio studied the map on the coffee table. If you drive north out of Playa Zancudo there is almost nowhere to go other than Golfito. To leave Golfito quickly you need to fly.......invariably to San Jose. If someone had been shot they probably could not survive the ten hour drive from Golfito to San Jose therefore they must have flown. Mentally thanking his uncle for having drilled into him the importance of contacts and networking, he opened his phone book.


Chapter 16
"There's something I want to do today, Viv, and I have to go through Hereford first so why don't you come with me and we can pick up some clothes for you." They were sitting in the kitchen Margaret pottering around them it still being very early. Viv was wearing clothes that Jen had picked out of her closet even though they were a little large for her on her scrawny frame. "We'll end up spending most of the day together so we'll have plenty of time to chat if you like. We'll be home by teatime as Kate and the kids are coming over and will be spending the night. It'll be great....sort of a family gathering......nothing to worry about I've already spoken to Kate."
"That sounds great to me Jen," said Viv, "but I worry about meeting Kate and her kids......my nieces."
"I understand being nervous but we have to do it sometime and I don't want to do anything or make any decisions without Kate being involved, so finish your breakfast, we'll leave in about twenty minutes." She got up from the table and left Viv finishing her cereal. Going upstairs to her room she dressed for the outdoors; cords, Timberland shoes and a cozy Arran sweater. Taking a key from George's closet she went down to the main floor and stopped outside a steel door. Unlocking the door and de-activating the dedicated alarm system using the panel by the side of the door she walked in flicking on the lights.
The room was quite large and independently climate controlled. It housed George's extensive collection of native artifacts and weapons acquired over the years he had spent on active service all over the world. Kneeling in front of the large safe she worked the combination and swung the heavy door open. Putting everything she needed into a steel briefcase she locked everything up and headed back to the kitchen.
The turbo charged Range Rover carried them in comfort towards Hereford.
"We'll do a bit of shopping in town first, get you the stuff you'll need then I'm going to drive down to just outside of Bristol, it's not far really only about 60 miles and most of that is on a Motorway so it'll be pretty quick. We'll be back in plenty of time to get together with Kate and the kids. Hopefully we'll be a little early as we've been giving the kids riding lessons whenever they come visit."
The dirty Vauxhall pulled in behind them several cars back, Ronan Flaherty keyed his phone.
"They're headed towards Hereford, the woman and the skinny visitor, I've got a couple of photos."
"Peel off and let them go," said Callahan, "they'll be back, no point in exposing ourselves more than necessary."
.
Viv had dropped off to sleep by the time Jen pulled into the Bristol Gun Club it was only the banging of the rifles on the big bore range that woke her up.
"What the hell's that?" she asked waking up.
"We're at the Bristol Gun Club," said Jen, "George is a principle shareholder here and a Director of course. I haven't been down here for quite a while although when George is home we come down here quite often, come on follow me." She grabbed the case out of the back of the Range Rover and strode off towards the rather upscale looking clubhouse.
"Hi there Mrs. Mudd, haven't seen you or Mr. Mudd for a while," the receptionist smiled at them from behind the counter.
"Hi Carol, George is away just now. This is my sister Vivien Plowright, I need you to sign her in please."
"Sure thing Mrs. Mudd," said Carol pushing a form over to Viv.
"Just fill it in and sign it," said Jen, "it's an insurance requirement. All visitors have to sign in and sign a waiver. Carol sign us in to the hand gun range please. We'll head over there straight away, we need to be back in Hereford as quick as we can."
Arriving at the indoor range Jen signed them both in with the Range Officer who assigned them a range. At the table behind the shooting station Jen opened up the steel briefcase. She took out a black semi automatic hand gun, two pairs of ear protection and a pair of shooting glasses.
"What the hell is this?" asked Viv, astonishment in her voice.
"Actually it's a Sig Sauer P250. It's been customized to my hand with smaller grips and trigger. The magazine holds 17shots of nine millimeter."
"That's not what I mean," shot back Viv.
"I know exactly what you mean, Viv. George and I come down here regularly to keep our eyes in so to speak and, in fact, to stay qualified. We also shoot a fair bit of trap but we don't have time for that today. When we shoot it's important you wear the ear protection in fact, if you don't, the Range Officer will ask you to leave even if you are with me."
After loading the magazine, Viv watching with fascination, she wound downrange a target that was a human outline. Making sure the ear protection was on plus the shooting glasses she assumed a two handed stance and squeezed off two quick shots. Two holes appeared in the head of the target.
"According to George that's called a double tap, although it's not a very good grouping."
Over the next couple of hours she went through fifty rounds assuming different shooting positions and shooting over different ranges. She missed not having George helping and correcting her but after that many rounds the gun felt comfortable in her hands and her loading speed had increased considerably.
.
"You're full of surprises," said Viv as Jennie pointed the Range Rover towards home.
"You only know part of it," said Jen smiling, "let's go meet our sister."


Chapter 17
"It's blowing through," said Drew looking at the screen. The wind had shifted almost a hundred degrees and the Weatherfax showed nothing following it. "If you like we could leave in the morning, should be pretty straight forward, nothing to hold us up now we're all fuelled and provisioned."
The boat was no longer moving on her lines and patches of bright blue sky were appearing. The wind was steady now out of the north a sure sign that the depression had moved through. The marina was slowly coming back to life confident now that the danger had passed.
"OK sounds good to me," said George, "let everyone know, I'll head up to the marina office, pay the bill and register our schedule. I estimate about twelve days steaming to Faial."
"Should do it in that," said Drew, "a few hours more if we run into weather but it's looking pretty good just now. If we really pick up the Gulf Stream it'll be even quicker than that." George picked up the Satphone and speed dialed Jennie. After half a dozen rings the voicemail kicked in.
"You've reached Jennie Mudd.....you know the drill."
"Hi sweetheart, it's George. The storm has blown through so we'll be leaving Nassau first thing tomorrow morning. Our landfall will be Faial in the Azores and I estimate it will take about twelve days maybe less if we pick up a really helpful Gulf Stream. Give me a call when you get the message. Love you."
.
The arena echoed to the excited squeals of Judith, the elder of Kate's daughters, the Welsh pony trotting around the perimeter Judith hanging on for dear life. Connor Moylan was standing in the middle of the arena calling instructions, Marianne at his side.
Jen, Kate and Viv sat up in the observation room watching the antics below.
It had been easy. They'd arrived back at the house late that afternoon, Kate`s Passat was already parked in front of the house. Kate was a little tearful but Viv seemed to hold it all in, it was as though she'd thrown up some sort of defensive wall. The kids viewed Viv with curiosity but were soon distracted when Jen suggested they take the dogs out for a run. Over afternoon tea served by Margaret in the living room they shared information concerning the missed years, Kate's family and her husband Brian Trenholme. Slowly the tension eased and Viv seemed to relax. They hadn`t discussed their mother or the will, that would come later. For the time being Kate and Viv chose to feel each other out, Kate at least being happy that, as a family, they were back together again.
"The kids seem to like your new man," said Kate nodding down at the arena. Connor had brought the pony to the centre and was explaining something to the girls.
"He certainly knows his horses," said Jen, "but he's only been here a few days so time will tell. At least Terry is warming to him more which is a good thing, the staff seem to like him and he's not afraid to get his hands dirty." They walked down the stairs into the arena and over to Connor and the girls.
"If they're going to learn to ride, Mrs. Mudd, they should also take some responsibility for the horse's care," said Connor in his strong, lilting Irish brogue.
"You're quite right," said Jen," girls, go with Connor he will teach you how to cool the pony down, clean him up, clean his feet, feed and water him and muck out his stall. If you're going to ride the pony it's important you learn how to look after him too......all part of the package. Later you can learn how to clean the tack and how to store it properly, off you go then."
"I'll have one of the lads give them a hand," said Connor, "we have to start bringing the horses in for the night and we have over fifty out just now the weather being so nice."
.
The three women sat in the study watching the waning sun through the open French windows. They were continuing to feel each other out but more about Viv's life over the last few years. The kids were still in the barn and the conversation seemed to getting easier, they were interrupted by the phone ringing on the desk.
"Jennie Mudd."
"It's Connor.....I'm on my mobile. I need you to come down to the South Paddock straight away.....Terry's here with me." Jennie excused herself, grabbed one of the golf carts at the kitchen entrance and headed down the laneway towards the South Paddock. Down by the south fence she could see a cluster of people gathered around a horse on the ground. She could see Terry, Connor and two of the lads from the barn.
There was blood everywhere, the mare was lying tangled up in a cluster of razor wire.
"That's Bailey's Ride isn't it?" said Jennie visibly shaken.
"Yes it is," said Terry "we've sedated her and we've called the vet. We've cut off a lot of the wire but some of it we don't want to touch until Dr. Newnham is here."
"This is deliberate, call the Police immediately, check all the paddocks for wire before it gets dark and don't put any horses out in the morning unless the entire farm has been checked. Terry, get your camera and take photos of everything while there's enough light."
.
"Don't you think Mr. George needs to know about all this?" asked Terry quietly. They were sitting in the farm office, Terry, Jen and Dave Rowden who had come over from Ledbury immediately. The big screen flickered periodically as Terry flicked through the recordings of the CCTV over the last couple of days.
"I haven't been able to get hold of him for a while now. They've been holed up in Nassau waiting for a storm to pass through and communication has been down. However, he left me a voice mail earlier saying they were going to leave tomorrow but I don't know whether or not to let him know; I know how important this Atlantic crossing is to him." Dave looked up from the file he'd been reading.
"Jen...we've had four events now in as many days, this is not coincidental. It would appear as though someone has a specific plan of harassment but we don't know where it's going to go. Obviously Callahan is involved but we don't know who else or what they have in mind. The Commander is of the opinion that we should consider it a threat and a continuation of the events of last year, frankly I agree with him. We also did a thorough back ground check on your new man Connor Moylan which is rather interesting. We were able to verify his time spent at Meadowcroft and Kilkenny Farms which in total was about fifteen years but we can find nothing on him prior to that......and I mean nothing. No birth certificate, no bank account, no credit cards, no school records and no record of any employment. It's as though prior to working at Kilkenny Farms he didn't exist. The other thing is he's never been issued a passport and it looks as though his first foray out of Ireland was to come to work for you."
"Margaret knew there was something strange about him," said Terry quietly, "so where do we go from here?"
"For the time being we do nothing," said Jen "we can keep a closer eye on him for sure, maybe he's involved, maybe not. One thing is certain, if he is involved he's not on his own. Terry you're quite right.....I'm going to talk to Mr. George as soon as I can get hold of him. Of course he'll want to come home straight away. He also has those two minders with him but let's wait and see what he has to say."
.
George was standing out on the Portuguese bridge directly ahead of the bridge itself enjoying a late afternoon cigar contemplating the next twelve days. They would leave at first light working their way out of the harbour....at seventy six feet they did not need a pilot to guide them out. Once at sea they would soon settle into the watch system. The weather was already clear having blown itself out and the synopsis for the next week was excellent. His reverie was broken by the buzzing of the Satphone on the bridge. He rushed in to grab it convinced it was Jen returning his call.
"George? Hector.....I've been trying to get hold of you for a couple of days."
"Hey there Hector.....yea we've been holed up in Nassau letting a storm blow through. It must have been pretty bad as all our comms have been screwed up. We're leaving in the morning heading over to Faial in the Azores, from there up to England."
"Have you spoken to Jennie recently?" asked Hector.
"Not for a couple of days. I left a message on her voice mail recently. Actually I thought it was her calling." Hector went quiet for a few moments.
"She called me recently George."
"Why the hell would she do that?"
"She asked me to find Callahan!" George went cold. Hector went on to explain what had been happening at the manor although of course he knew nothing of the event with the mare. "Apparently the Commander and Dave Rowden are convinced it's Callahan because of the photo of Pa'an. I've got everyone looking for Callahan just now starting with Julio in Costa Rica. He was down in Playa Zancudo just yesterday spreading some money around and asking questions. He came to a conclusion you're not going to like............he's convinced O'Brian is still alive."


Chapter 18
"What were you thinking, Jen? you should have let me know the minute you got the photo of Pa'an." He was standing on the bridge of the 'Gypsy' the sun not yet up over the eastern horizon trying hard to control his anger but knowing full well that it wasn't anger at all but fear for Jen's safety.
"You're quite right of course, Georgie, but I couldn't get hold of you so I tried to do what I know you would have done. The authorities are never going to find Callahan but Hector probably can and don't forget, this thing has only escalated in the last couple of days."
"I'm going to come home as quickly as I can. I'll talk to Drew and probably fly home from Miami. Hector tells me that his people think O'Brian is still alive. If he is it might be easier to find him than find Callahan. Both his knees were destroyed so he cannot possibly be as mobile as Callahan...one will lead us to the other. For the time being we've no choice but to assume some sort of a defensive posture. We've really no idea what we're dealing with or in fact if it's going to escalate. If it really is Callahan it's me and Robbie he's after although how far he might choose to go is anyone's guess. For the time being be extremely vigilant Jen. Make sure Terry has all the security systems up and running and no one goes anywhere on their own. I have some ideas but I'll let you know later exactly what they are. You might want to have David stay at the house for a while. I should be home in a couple of days, by the way, where's Robbie just now?"
"Robbie's in transit he should arrive here either tomorrow or the day after probably about the same time you arrive."
"See if you can get David have the Commander formalise the operation that would give us a little more clout if we need it."
"I think he already did just that," said Jennie.
"Good sweetheart, then get the Sig out of the safe and keep it with you."
"I already did just that, Georgie, in fact I was down to Bristol just yesterday, shot off a couple of boxes much to Viv's astonishment."
"Viv......your sister?"
Jen went on to describe the events leading up to Viv being in the house. She brought him up to date concerning her mother and her condition and her decision to let her stay on for a while.
.
George sat up on the bridge together with Drew, Rick and Gary.
"Sorry fellas we have another change of plans. There are some issues at home that need to be dealt with plus I have a job for either Rick or Gary. It's not something you actually have to do but I'll make it worth your while."
"What's up Boss?" asked Rick.
"Well, it's complicated, but for now I have to get home as quick as I can and I need someone to go down to Costa Rica to help out a friend of mine, either one of you speak Spanish?"
"Yes, I do," said Rick.
"Great.....you just volunteered," said George laughing, "we leave for Miami as soon as we can. I'll leave the boat there and fly home. Rick, I want you to fly down to San Jose and hook up with a guy called Julio Pan, you can trust him implicitly. By the time you get there he'll be expecting you and will meet you at the airport. He will provide you with anything you need including a Satphone so you'll be able to stay in touch with me, might be a good idea to use a recognition password......use 'Moortown.' Drew...I want you and Gary to sit in Miami once we're there and wait instructions. Gary.....there is a 'threat' so be on your guard.....maintain watches even though you'll be at a dock, any questions? good, let's get out of here."


Chapter 19
Damn it was hot even though the overhead fans were working as fast as possible but there was no breeze coming in through the open windows. He'd lost a bit of weight and his legs had atrophied through lack of use although his upper body had developed disproportionately. He knew that now the locals referred to him as 'La Arana,' Spanish for The Spider, and that it reflected both his physical appearance and his sitting in the middle of a web that reached south into Guatemala and over the ocean to Europe. He liked the idea and had even started to cultivate it by encouraging a tattoo of a spider's web on all those that worked for him. It gave his people a sense of identity and instilled fear into people that either questioned him or who might cross him in any way. He was known to be both ruthless and cruel but generous to the people close to him.
Right now he was sweating profusely his breath rasping in his chest. He was naked on the bed his body well tanned from wearing shorts most of the time watching the young girl move her hips on his lap. She was quite naked, probably in her mid teens and had been provided by the woman that looked after the house and catered to his needs. He smiled to himself as he watched her breasts bounce to her rhythm. She catered to his 'needs' alright. Just because his legs were useless didn't mean that the rest of him didn't work. Sometimes it was the full monte as it was now. More often than not he would stay in his wheelchair and watch her head bob up and down between his useless legs. She was good at what she did but knew full well what her fate would be if she got out of line......she was well paid which, for an Indian girl living in a poverty stricken community, made her a celebrity.
This was a celebratory fuck. He'd just spoken to Callahan. He knew the location of all the players now. George Mudd was in Miami with his damn boat, McElroy was in transit from Dubai and should be at the farm in Herefordshire shortly and Mudd's wife was at the farm. It was time to put phase two into motion. In a very short time Callahan had been able to put together a small but effective network of men who had previously been involved in 'the cause' and who would do anything for money. He motioned to the young girl to turn around......he entered her from behind her hands on his wrecked knees......he enjoyed the view.
.
"Robbie, I can't tell you how wonderful it is to see you." She had opened the door after having seen the taxi arrive from Hereford and given him a hug as he walked through the door. She'd forgotten just how big he actually was, she was dwarfed by him. He'd affected a brush cut and a short grizzled beard but he was lean and nut brown. He didn't look as though he had an ounce of fat on him.
"Aye, lassie ...it's just grand to see you too," his Scots burr hadn't changed at all, "it's good to be hame at last."
"Margaret has fixed up the suite for you at the back of the house. You have a bedroom, your own sitting room and washroom. It overlooks the North Paddocks and you can see the new manager's house and barn. You can stay here as long as you like or as long as it takes you to get settled. Terry will take your things up while you and I have a drink."
Settled in the study, Bowmores in hand, Robbie asked,
"Just how worried do we have to be about the stuff you've been telling me lassie?"
.
Jen spent the next half hour bringing him up to speed with what had been going on including the facts about her sisters.
"George should be home shortly, probably tomorrow and Dave Rowden will be coming over later in the afternoon. You missed Kate, she and the kids went back to Gloucester this morning and Viv's not feeling very well. She's been sniffing and blowing her nose most of the day, she's having a bit of a lie down just now, you can catch up with her later though. From a business point of view we've converted a room we never use on this floor into an office for you. I think it used to be the old butler's pantry. There's everything you might need in there, dedicated phone lines, a fax machine, computer etc. Terry has a line on a girl in Hereford who's interested in working here, you should talk to her as soon as you can. George has arranged a meeting with a local accounting firm who've agreed to handle that end of things until we have our new offices built. You should meet with them as soon as possible too."
"Sounds like you've been busy, lassie," he said smiling.
"Well George looked after most of it as soon as you guys decided it made more sense to operate from here. I just followed up on everything."
.
Robbie sat in the farm office and looked at Terry fondly. Although different generations they were both ex S.A.S. and had shared similar dangers and experiences in different parts of the world. Shared dangers, shared horrors, shared jungles and deserts create a bond that is hard to describe, a trust, a respect and an understanding that more normal men cannot possibly understand.
"So what's your read on all this, Terry?" asked Robbie quietly.
"There's no question it's Callahan, Robbie. You and I both know he holds our group responsible for his brother's death last year and he's going to get even or at least he's going to try. What's worse is that George has spoken to Hector Pan in Vancouver. His people do not believe that O'Brian is dead which creates another problem. It's compounded by the fact that we don't know where either one is at the moment although apparently Hector has his network on it."
"From what you've told me Terry....... Callahan's not working on his own.....we don't even know whether he's in this country or not for crying out loud. We need Hector to do his thing. I know the Commander is involved but Hector has ways and means beyond those of his. How much of this does Jennie know?"
"I would think she knows just about everything but she doesn't know about this....it took a bit of finding but it's more than a coincidence." He made some keystrokes and a black and white image came up on the flat screen on the desk. "As I told you we expanded and improved our security systems on the farm and I added a digital recorder. This is taken from the cameras at the main entrance.....different times......different days." The screen showed a nondescript Vauxhall driving slowly by the gates.....several times in both directions.
"Remember, Robbie, this is a very small community here. Nobody recognises this car and in none of the shots can you see either the driver's face or the number plate but I'm convinced he's keeping an eye on this place and is probably the guy that was in the hide in the woods I told you about. Of course the other thing is Connor Moylan, I'm sure she told you about that issue and the background check that was done on him.
"Aye, she told me about him, we have him close so we should just leave him where he is for now. We can probably wait for George but I'll suggest we get him under some sort of electronic surveillance......the Commander can look after that end."
.
Dinner that evening was a pleasant affair although Viv had insisted on staying in her room.....not feeling well. Margaret had gone out of her way to put together a meal that she knew would appeal to Robbie. He'd told her that he was tired of the food available in Dubai. Jen, Robbie and Dave Rowden sat in the formal dining room enjoying the old Nuit St.Georges that Terry had dug out of the cellar, they'd already finished off a fine Sancerre that had gone well with the local smoked trout. They'd agreed to try and not talk about the recent events knowing that George would be home tomorrow at which time they would decide exactly what was to be done. Margaret was busy serving the pheasant that Terry had taken out of the woodland when the phone on the sideboard jangled, Jennie stood and picked it up.
"Jennie Mudd."
"Hi there Jen, it's Brian, is Kate there?"
"Lord, no Brian, she and the kids left this morning, they would have been back in Gloucester by noon."
"Hmmm...did she say if she was stopping off anywhere on the way home?"
"Not as I remember, but it's after eight already, surely she would have been home by now or at least she would have called."
"Well there's no message on the machine, I'll let you know when she shows up."
"OK Brian......I'll talk to you later." She rang off and sat down at the table looking thoughtful.
"What's up?" said Robbie.
"Kate and the kids left here this morning to drive back to Gloucester, it's only about thirty miles, that was her husband, Brian, she hasn't arrived home yet and he's getting worried."
.
The heat, coupled with the smell of jet fuel as the engines powered down, hit him like a palpable thing as he stood in the door of the plane. No modern jetway here just a set of stairs leading down to the tarmac and a bus to take them to the terminal. He stood at the top of the stairs looking out. Everything looked a bit tired, from the buildings in the distance to the dusty palm trees bordering a parking lot. Nobody seemed to be in too much of a hurry. Welcome to Costa Rica he thought to himself. The sign over 'Arrivals', much in need of a lick of paint, said 'Bienvenido a San Jose, Costa Rica,' at least the terminal was air conditioned.
He had no trouble going through customs. He had no baggage other than his carry on and the customs officer didn't seem overly interested anyway.....just stamped his EU Passport and waved him through. As he entered 'Arrivals' his ears were assaulted by the shouts of happy people, a palate of bright colors and that smell typical of Central America, a mixture of dust, sweat, rum and tobacco. A medium height Eurasian was being jostled against the fence holding up a handwritten, cardboard sign.......'Rick Wilkinson.'
"Hi.....you must be Julio.....I'm Rick."
"Welcome to Costa Rica Rick.....yes, I'm Julio Pan."
"Where you from, Julio?"
"Born here, educated in Canada, but originally I'm from Moortown."
.
The Jeep rumbled over the road pocked with pot holes.
"I don't live in San Jose itself," said Julio "sometimes I think you'd need a Kevlar vest to live downtown. I live in the foothills just to the South, it's quieter and certainly cooler....it's not far, we'll get you settled then have a chat."
.
The house was up the side of a hill overlooking what he assumed was San Jose. They'd driven through the centre of the city so as Rick could get a feel for the place. It was a city of extremes, from high rises and modern office buildings to slums of abject poverty and finally to this upscale suburban district. The house itself was of light yellow stucco, surrounded by a high wall. It was cool with a steady breeze blowing through the rooms.
"So where exactly are we?" asked Rick.
"It's an area called 'Aserri', we're south of the city but not too far, no more than a couple of miles. In behind us are primarily coffee plantations and the odd cattle ranch."
"Nice place, do you live here alone?"
"Yes I do, but someone comes in every day to do the housework and cook if I'm around. I don't actually own it, it's owned by my uncle Hector who lives in Vancouver. It's my uncle that owns the casinos, I just manage them. I use the house more for entertainment than anything else and I usually eat at the casino. Entertainment is important here, as I'm sure you know, there are many people to look after if you want to survive here in our business. Do you have any time limit as to how long you might be down here?"
"Nope.....George Mudd told me to stay as long as required, to help you wherever and however I can. He also told me I could trust you."
"I met George last year, in fact I met Robbie and Pa'an. I was the one that guided them from Golfito to Playa Zancudo so I know what's going on. My uncle and George Mudd have what is known as "old friends" status which, in certain parts of the world, is the closest bond two people can have.......so yes, I guess you can trust me."
"So, where exactly are we just now in the grand scheme of things?"
"OK Rick......there's no question in my mind that both Callahan and O'Brian are alive on the assumption that O'Brian didn't later succumb to his injuries. There's a charter company here called Tico Air, they picked up two guys in Golfito on the day in question, one on a stretcher, however they didn't fly them here.....they flew them to Managua in Nicaragua. The difficult part is that there's no record of either a Callahan or an O'Brian entering the country so they've obviously got new identities. Of course, by now, they could be anywhere, Nicaragua, Honduras, Belize, Guatemala or Mexico........doesn't even mean they're in Central America. It'll just take a bit of time. O'Brian couldn't just go into a hospital with gunshot wounds there'd be too many questions also, according to George, he wouldn't have been able to go any further with two wrecked knees so, if he's alive, he must have had them looked after in Managua. We own a casino in Managua and I have the best person on our payroll working on the problem.......my mother.....she'll find him!"


Chapter 20
"We found her car," Dave Rowden, Robbie and Jen sat around the speakerphone on the coffee table in the study. "It was parked in a lay by at the intersection of the A417 and the A40 just outside Gloucester which means they could have gone in any direction. There's no sign of violence but there was a handwritten note taped to the steering wheel, it's a list of names. We're all on the list but Kate's has a line through it." The speakerphone chirped, the Commander's voice echoing metallically,
"Our group has taken over the investigation as it is obviously tied to last year's terrorist activity. We have the cooperation of local police forces but I think it's already gone beyond their capabilities. As last year, we have seconded 'Mudd Securities' as a contractor which formalizes your involvement, David will act as liaison with MI5."
Jennie chipped in,
"We're going to have to bring Brian, her husband, into the loop at least to a certain extent, he needs to understand what's going on, right now he's in the dark and going frantic."
"OK, fill him in but only on a 'need to know' basis, David, you might have him sign the Official Secrets Act too, Jennie, where's George?"
"He's in the country but not at the farm. He thought it best if he laid low for a while......keep them guessing. He suggests we all keep a low profile although Kate's kidnapping is going to have to be publicized."
"OK...that's probably a good idea as long as he stays in contact. It seems our priorities are obvious, firstly find O'Brian and secondly find the Vauxhall that's been hanging around the farm."
"Can I make a suggestion?" said Robbie who had been quiet and thoughtful. "I've looked at a map and that intersection where you found the Passat looks pretty major to me, surely there's CCTV there. My other point is I would like to bring O'Rourke and Rafferty over from Belfast, much as I know how happy that would make you Commander."
"Much as I don't like it what I don't know doesn't hurt me but you might want to send them up to Kilkenny first and sniff around this Connor Moylan business, being relatively local, so to speak, they might have more success. Jennie, if you're in agreement, I'd like to get some electronic surveillance on the farm, all phone lines and all mobile calls originating on the property. Also, David should stay at the farm for a while and we'll get some recording equipment over as fast as we can.......they might call and start making demands."
.
Dinner was a sombre affair. Brian had driven up from Gloucester and had been given as much information as he needed to know. He'd taken some leave from work and was going to stay at the farm for a while, any calls to his home were being forwarded to the farm. Vivien had joined them as she seemed to be feeling a little better and had been introduced to everyone over sherry before dinner.
"I'm glad you're feeling a bit better, Viv," said Jen, "although you're still a bit sniffly."
"I'll be better in a couple of days, I'm sure it's something that's going around. By the way do you think I could borrow one of the farm vehicles tomorrow, I have to go into Hereford to pick up a couple of things?"
"Oh, I can drive you into town if you like," said Jen, "it's only a few minutes."
"Actually, no disrespect, but I'd rather go on my own, I feel I need a bit of space, do a bit of shopping, have a coffee, stuff like that."
"OK....take the Range Rover......get the keys from Terry he has a spare set." Robbie looked up from his meal.
"Not that I'm trying to make light of things but I don't think Kate and the kids are in any specific danger. I think this is a windup although you can never be sure of course. It's George and me he wants, the rest is collateral damage and of course the more he does the worse it's going to get for him. I should have killed O'Brian when I had the chance."
.
"Got your camera?" Robbie and Terry were tucked in behind Viv in the Range Rover as she headed into Hereford the following morning.
"Yes, but I don't feel good about this," said Terry, "this is Jen's sister we're following, I don't feel good about this at all."
"It's just a question of elimination," said Robbie "and you know how I feel about coincidences, on top of that I thought she'd told Jen she didn't have any money......and she's going shopping? pull up a bit, Terry, she has no idea we're here."
The Range Rover exited onto Victoria Street with Terry just a couple of cars behind. After a few hundred yards she turned right onto West Street and pulled into the forecourt of a pub. Terry drove straight by and then pulled over to park.
"Now what?" asked Terry.
"Well, one of us has to go in and try and see what's going on, better you do it.....I'm kind of distinctive."
"What if she sees me?"
"Chance we gotta take I think. If she sees you just walk up and say hello....act surprised. I'll wait in the car." He was back in less than ten minutes.
"She met a guy, she was sitting at a table with him. I got some pictures though, pretty sneaky for an old guy."
"Did you recognize him?"
"No, never saw him before but they might have exchanged something I'm not sure, the bar was pretty busy."
"Well, let's head home then, don't want her coming out and seeing us here she might recognize the truck."
.
"You followed my sister?" Jen seemed pretty angry, "you might at least have told me about it."
"Jennie, I'm really sorry," said Robbie "and don't blame Terry, he wasn't too keen on the idea at all but I insisted. I know she's your sister but you haven't seen her in over twenty years and suddenly she shows up, you know how I feel about coincidences. Anyway, do you recognize this guy?" he held up the digital camera for her to look at the series of shots taken by Terry.
"Yes.....I've seen him before....that's her boyfriend, Harry, but I thought he'd gone back to London." She slowly scrolled through the shots again and zoomed in on one particular one.
"What's that on the back of his hand, Robbie?"
"Looks like a tattoo to me, Jen.....but what.....can we zoom in closer?"
"Looks like a spider's web."


Chapter 21
"Thought I might go and visit my mother in Managua for a few days, would you like to tag along?" They were sitting outside, the sun setting over the hillside to the West both enjoying their Cubre Libres.
"I assume you think she might be on to something and we should go talk to her," said Rick smiling at his new friend.
"She might well be, Rick, but some pressure might have to be exerted and it's better that that come from someone 'outside'.....she has to live there after all. It's actually not far from here but it's a bitch of a drive and only about a forty five minute flight. I'm pretty friendly with the guys at Tico Air, I'll see if we can hitch a ride......they owe me big time we give them a shit load of business through the casinos."
.
The A36 Beechcraft Bonanza flew quite low over Lake Nicaragua heading for Lake Managua and the Managua International Airport. The cabin was well insulated having seating for four passengers in beige, leather luxury.
"This is the way to travel," said Rick laughing.
"You're damn right," replied Julio," we have it for a few days, I sort of made a deal with the guys that own Tico Air, we're just going to pay the pilot's time and the fuel, we should be there in about ten minutes."
.
"Rick...I'd like you to meet my mother Maria, Julietta, Constanza Pan......just call her Connie."
It was impossible to tell her age, she could have been anywhere between forty and a hundred. She was short, her hair was quite long, shot with grey, but her face was wrinkled by time and laughter. She was wearing a loose, flowered dress and sandals on her feet. What was surprising was the cigar clamped between her teeth, her eyes twinkled with amusement behind the blue cigar smoke.
"I'm delighted to meet any friend of my son's...welcome to Managua." Rick's mouth opened in astonishment.
"Yea...she has that effect on most people," said Julio laughing "and it's not just the cigar. She speaks fluent English, Spanish and Vietnamese plus a couple of local dialects that even I don't understand. Don't let her fool you though she's a tough old broad." She took the cigar out of her mouth, inspected the glowing end and said,
"You watch your mouth, I can still slap you around.....I'm still your mother." She smiled graciously at Rick.....her teeth were perfect....."let's get the car. I've made arrangements for your pilot to stay in a local hotel and I gave him a cell phone so you can get hold of him easily."
She drove with a ferocious intensity her head surrounded by a cloud of smoke.
"Managuenos," she muttered to herself, "most of them can't drive worth a crap." Julio laughed out loud in the back seat.
"She just aims the thing and hopes for the best. I've lost count of the repair bills for this vehicle."
Her home was as surprising as was she. She had an apartment on the top floor of the casino with a balcony around two sides giving a spectacular view of Lake Managua in one direction and one of the lagoons in another. The space was open and airy with a Scandinavian look to it. Rick noted the expensive furniture and the original native art on most of the walls.
"You can stay here for as long as you want, there are three spare bedrooms so just help yourselves. Someone comes in to clean every day and it's electronically swept every other day, you can't be too careful in this business you know. When you want to eat you can use any of the restaurants in the casino.....just charge it to me. My people already know who you are. I have a few things to do then we'll get together and have a chat."
.
On the balcony, looking out over the lake, Connie was all business. She was wearing a beautifully tailored navy blue business suit, sparkling white silk blouse and Gucci shoes. With her hair up in a bun she looked exactly what she was, a tough lady in a man's business.......someone not to be messed with.
"Doing what we do for a living we move in many different circles," she paused to light a fresh cigar, "some people think it's the underworld and the rest but, in actual fact, society is like an onion or perhaps several different onions each with dozens of layers. In our business we have to be tough but more importantly we have to be consistent. We have to learn to deal with high profile, society types on the one hand and people who think they are the toughest of the tough on the other.......in some cases perhaps they are.
Hector insists we focus on what we're good at which essentially is gambling.....a common worldwide vice. It is well known that we don't encroach on other people's business so we have very little trouble, it is equally well known that we trade in information.....a most valuable commodity." She stood up and waved her arm at the city. "Managua is the third largest city in Central America but there is virtually nothing that we can't find out..........some stuff takes longer than others and some is not complete, what I have for you is not complete. Julio and I have to be kept out of it for obvious reasons and that, Rick, is why you are here. We'll point you in the right direction and after that you're on your own." Rick nodded his head in understanding.
"I don't have a problem with any of that although I'm not going to do anything without the knowledge of George Mudd, having said that though, if the shit hits the fan I'll keep you guys out of it. Of course the plane will be easy to trace and I came into the country using my own passport."
"Don't worry about that end of it, Rick," said Connie, "we know enough people here for certain information to be lost under certain circumstances. OK.....this is what we know. Two men did indeed fly into here last year, one on a stretcher. They checked into a hotel but not for long. In Managua, like any other large city, there's an area where you can find anything if you have the money. Here it is called Mercado Oriental. They found a doctor there who looked after the guy on the stretcher. He lost his license to practice quite some time ago, his name is Eduardo de Ramirez de Arroyo, we know where he lives."
.
Every city has its Mercado Oriental, this one was no exception, a bustling hive of activity, a maze of streets and alleys jammed with vendors of everything, working from stalls and small store fronts. If you knew where to go and had the money you could buy anything. The noise was constant, the smell of cooking all pervading.
Julio and Rick sat in a sidewalk café watching a doorway across the street. They'd already been there most of the afternoon, drinking interminable coffees, they would have to move soon as they were getting conspicuous.
"There he is," said Julio.
"You sure?"
"Yep.....mother had some really good pics of the guy.....that's him for sure."
"OK Julio give me the piece and get out of here, don't hang around, I'll find my own way back to the casino." Julio passed him the handgun wrapped up in gift wrap.
"It's untraceable Rick.....dump it if you have to....it's a Russian Makarov but the rounds are subsonic so it'll hardly make any noise at all. The serial numbers have been etched out but I don't think you're going to have to use it. Just seeing it is going to scare the crap out of him. Just remember to tell him that Ramon sent you, he should open the door for you. Ramon is a small time drug guy here in the barrio, we know he sends Ramirez business sometimes......wear the sling."
.
Rick stood in the corridor with his left arm in a dirty sling listening for noises that were out of place. Music came from the floor above mixed with the street sounds floating up the stairs. He tapped on the apartment door.
"Who are you...what do you want?" he could see the eye at the peephole in the door.
"Ramon sent me, I need you to look at my arm." He stepped back to he could see the sling. The door opened and a hand unhooked the chain, he walked in.
Ramirez de Arroyo was a short dumpy man in a light beige suit that had seen better days. Looking around it seemed as though everything had seen better days. An open plan room with a kitchenette at one end all the furniture cheap and worn......... everything tired.
"You alone, doc?"
"Yes, I am."
"What's in there?" Rick nodded at a connecting door.
"Just the bedroom and a washroom." Rick opened the door and quickly checked the two other rooms.
"What do you think you're doing?" said the doctor angrily.
"Just sit down and shut up."
"Go to hell." Rick shrugged off the sling and pulled the gun.
"Like I said.....sit down and shut up."


Chapter 22
Callahan wasn't at all happy with what was going on. O'Brian seemed to have no qualms in using all the drug revenue to fund his obsession but it wasn't that. The danger was too many people were getting involved in the "Mudd Affair" as he liked to call it. He'd added another distribution point for the drugs, a group he didn't know particularly well in Birmingham but that really wasn't the issue. He'd worked hard to keep this part of the business totally compartmentalized, the only common denominator was himself. He'd had to bring in a couple to look after the woman and her two kids plus they'd had to rent another place just to house them. Each step they took, always orchestrated by O'Brian, meant greater exposure. Snatching the woman had created huge press coverage which seemed to have died down a bit. That, in itself, told him something......the event had been taken out of the hands of the local law and had been taken over by MI5. Drug trafficking was one thing, kidnapping and terrorist activity was another. The whole bloody thing was compounded by the fact that they had lost sight of George Mudd. They'd tracked the boat to Miami and, to the best of his knowledge, it was still there but where the hell was Mudd. McElroy had been seen at the farm and it looked as though Rowden had taken up temporary residence.
.
"I'm going to go see George," announced Jen," Terry, I want you to make sure no one is following me. As soon as you are sure call me on my mobile and then you can head home but follow me at least to Hereford, I expect to be back here by the early afternoon. Anybody seen Viv? doesn't matter I'll find her myself, I want her to give Connor a hand this morning." She found her still in her room, her cold had obviously cleared up, she was not sniveling any more and seemed more alert.
"I'd like you to give Connor a hand this morning if you don't mind, Viv, he's a little short handed. It's a beautiful morning and we should be putting as many horses out as possible."
"Not a problem, Jennie. I'll get out there straight away."
.
She headed out towards Hereford her final destination being Worcester only about half an hour up the A417. She couldn't see Terry but she knew he would be there. The weight of the Sig on her belt under her jacket was comforting. She stayed under the speed limit, if she got pulled over there could be hell to pay, her 'handsfree' gave a buzz.
"You're clear, Jen, I'm heading back now."
"Thanks, Terry.....see you later." She rang off.
.
Robbie watched Jen pull down the laneway followed by Terry. He heard the back door slam and quickly went back to his room. From his bedroom window he watched Viv walk up to the main barn, after a few minutes she came back out leading a mare out towards the paddocks, she would be busy for at least an hour. Leaving his room he stood out on the landing, listening. He could hear Margaret clattering about in the kitchen and he knew David was in the study working.
He pushed open the door and entered Viv's room quietly closing the door behind him, it was a pleasant room overlooking the front of the house. She had made up her bed and tidied up before going out to help Connor. He started a methodical search although he had no idea what he was looking for. Nearly all the drawers were empty and the wardrobe contained the suit she had worn when she arrived plus the clothes Jennie had bought for her. One of the drawers contained underwear and that was it. He stood in the middle of the room a little perplexed, looking around he spotted the mobile phone on the bedside table. Firing it up he noted all the outgoing numbers plus the dates and times. He would have David's people check each one out, he put it back exactly as he had found it.
There was another door, he hadn't realized there was an ensuite attached to this room. It was a modern bathroom obviously a small dressing room that had been converted. Around the sink and on a shelf was the normal stuff associated with a woman's washroom. She obviously was something of a clean freak as everything was spotless and in it's place. Under the sink he found a wash bag. Opening it up he tipped out the contents onto the counter. He gave a sigh of satisfaction....he knew he'd seen the signs before, the runny nose, the lack of sleep. Lying with the new toothpaste, nail clippers and a couple of Tampax a small cellophane bag, teaspoon, cigarette lighter and a disposable syringe. He put everything back in the wash bag and tasted the content of the tiny bag on the tip of his little finger.....cocaine. Putting everything back exactly as he had found it he spotted something on the outside of the bag....a small drawing in a corner.....a spider web!
.
She parked in the forecourt of the rather stately looking hotel in Worcester and took the lift to the top floor. There he was....her George.....she hadn't seen him in weeks. He looked good, brown as a berry in his black tee shirt, jeans and loafers.
"I've missed you," he said putting his arms around her.
"Me too," she whispered into his ear, she could feel his erection against her belly, "I can feel how much you've missed me." He started to stroke her back.
"Whoa......what's this?" his hand had brushed against the Sig on her belt. "Better not get caught carrying this," he said taking it off her belt and putting it on a side table.
"Actually it's legal," she said taking off her jacket, "the Commander has seconded us again to his Anti-Terrorist Squad but we can talk about that later." She slipped her sweater over her head and stepped out of her cords, "first things first."
.
Lying in the tangle of sheets the sweat drying in the warm air, the bedside phone rang.
"Yea ...give me half an hour then come up to the suite. We'd better shower, sweetheart, folk are coming up shortly."
The two men stood in the middle of the sitting room.
"Jen.....you remember O'Rourke and Rafferty don't you?"
"How could I forget them," she said laughing.
"Let's all sit down, I've ordered some room service."
Sipping on his coffee George was all business.
"OK...the first thing is we're legal, although we might have some explaining to do to the local constabulary. Our most important job just now is to find Kate and the kids. We have two leads to follow, the first is find the guy in the old Vauxhall which might be harder than we think, don't underestimate the opposition here, the other option is find Callahan.....I'm assuming he's in the country. I've already started at the other end so to speak or at least Jennie did by getting Hector Pan on board. Opinion has it that O'Brian is still alive although 'where' is anybody's guess. I've already sent someone down to Costa Rica to start at the beginning. I expect to hear from him shortly.......he's ex SAS too fellas.....boat service actually....chap called Rick Wilkinson. I'm going to stay out of sight, they're not going to do anything else without knowing exactly where I am. They know where everybody is on that list they found in Kate's car except me so best to keep them guessing for now, how did you make out up in Kilkenny?"
he saw Jen's eyebrows go up in surprise. "Yes, darling, I had them do some checking into your new manager," O'Rourke spoke up.
"He's a bit of an enigma. Everything we were able to find out agreed with Major Rowden's findings. He's highly regarded by both farms but we couldn't find out anything before his employment with Kilkenny Farms. He's not local for sure and I'll bet money Connor Moylan is not his real name. We flashed his photo all over the place, including Belfast, but nobody recognized him. We also made it plain we were looking for him.....sort of setting ourselves up as bait....never heard dick. Maybe the Commander should be talking to the police over there. If he was a bad guy I think we would have heard by now."
"OK," said George, "let's leave him on the periphery of things for now. Obviously he knows something is going on because of the horses and the increased security but let's leave it at that for now. I want you guys to bunk in with Terry and Margaret for the time being. Let's focus on the Vauxhall for now and hopefully we're going to hear something from Rick Wilkinson shortly. When you get back to the farm, get together with Dave Rowden and Robbie, make sure you're all on the same page. You'll have to include Terry on the security side of things but don't forget he's getting kind of old for this sort of thing.....mind you we all are really. So you guys get going....Terry's expecting you. I'll be around but, for the time being, this will be my base."
.
"So, what are you going to do about Vivien? sweetheart"
"I really don't know, Georgie. I've got her helping out on the farm to make her feel she's earning her keep. She's opening up a bit but we still know hardly anything about her over the last umpteen years. Mum deliberately cut her out of her will, she obviously saw something in her that we didn't know about. Having said that I'm still the executor of her estate with power of attorney while she's alive, nothing says I couldn't establish some sort of monthly allowance for Viv funded by the trust. I wouldn't be happy doing anything at all without knowing her complete history so really the ball's in her court."
"You're doing the right thing, darling, and I've no objection to her staying at the farm while things get sorted. Just so as you know, Jen, I'm not happy about staying over here in Worcester but as long as the bad guys don't know where I am they're not going to do too much else, Callahan is too experienced and careful, so what we're doing really is buying some time."


Chapter 23
He seemed mesmerized by the gun; he couldn't take his eyes off it.
"Old piece is this," said Rick conversationally, "Russian actually, nine mill sub-sonic rounds.......hardly makes a sound, bit of a collector's item really......nice though." The doctor seemed to shrink back in his chair as though trying to make himself smaller.
"What do your friends call you doc? if you have any that is."
"Eddie......Eddie Ramirez," he whispered.
"OK, Eddie, this is how it's going to go. I'm going to ask you some questions and you're going to give me the answers. If you hesitate it'll be an issue of 'physician heal thyself' if you get my drift. If you're a really good boy you'll survive this ordeal, if not I'll hurt you for starters but then I'll put the word out on the street that you're an informer and your druggie friends will deal with you, do we have an understanding?" Eddie nodded nervously.
"OK....here we go. Last year two Irishmen came to you one had been kneecapped....both knees actually." Eddie went white and seemed to shrink even further. Rick worked the slide of the handgun and caught the ejected cartridge expertly. "Surely you wouldn't want the same thing to happen to you would you?"
"They were here."
"..........and?"
"One was OK....the big one. I couldn't really help the guy with the knees, he would have needed major reconstructive surgery and even then there wouldn't have been any guarantees."
"Go on."
"They'll kill me."
"I will if you don't tell me everything. If I'm satisfied I walk away and nobody's any the wiser." Eddie gave a resigned shrug as though he'd weighed the options and made a decision.
"They stayed here, in this apartment for about six weeks. I did what I could to help with his legs but the end result was a wheelchair for the rest of his life plus ongoing pain for which he would need constant medication. They paid me cash every week but the big one was gone most days."
"What were their names?"
"The big one was called Callahan, the other was Cahill," he whispered.
"Cahill.....you sure?"
"Yes, absolutely."
"You ever hear of anyone called O'Brian?"
"No never."
"Where did they go?"
"I don't know." Rick reached over and slapped him twice across the face open handed.
"Callahan was sent to me by some very serious people in the drug business. I heard them talking about flying out of here and going north. When they left a van picked them up as, by then, Cahill was in a wheelchair."
"By 'north' what do you mean, Honduras, Guatemala...where?"
"I don't know but I heard them talking about a contact in Guatemala City, that's as much as I know."
"OK Eddie Ramirez, nobody saw me come in here and nobody is going to see me leave. If I hear even a whisper that you've mentioned my visit to anyone I'll come back and we'll find out whether or not this old collector's item still works......on your knees that is, I'll leave you in the same state as your Mr. Cahill."
.
Back at the casino.
"Well, Connie, your information was very good. They were here.....both of them, looks as though O'Brian changed his name, now he goes as Cahill....don't know the first name. Funny that Callahan didn't change his. According to Eddie Ramirez he thinks they might have headed to Guatemala City......do we have contacts there?"
"Rick....in this part of the world money buys anything. We can find out almost anything from Panama to Mexico, believe me.....Guatemala is no exception and a man in a wheelchair stands out like a sore thumb." She tapped an inch of grey ash into a cut glass ashtray. "I'll start the ball rolling, you have that beautiful plane....go to Guatemala City...the two of you."


Chapter 24
She had absolutely no idea where they were although they hadn't spent more than thirty minutes in the van. They had been waved down by a man on the road on the way home to Gloucester, a woman was lying on the ground by the side of a van parked in the lay by. She'd stopped to see if she could help but both her and the girls had been grabbed, bundled into the van and driven off. She and Judith were being kept in one room together but Marianne had been taken somewhere else. At first she didn't know if they were all in the same building until she had started screaming for help. A voice on the other side of the door told her to shut up or Marianne would be hurt. This was quickly followed by a scream from Marianne followed by tears. Since then she had kept quiet.
Curiously they had been treated quite well, except for Marianne of course. She and Judith were in the same room equipped with two single beds and a porta potty. They were given three meals a day but never let out of the room. Although Kate had seen the face of the man that had waved them down she'd never seen the woman or the faces of the people that fed them or emptied the portable toilet each day. They were obviously in a secluded area, perhaps a farmhouse. The one window was heavily shuttered but through a crack she could see part of a yard and an old brick wall. There were no traffic noises at all.
She had tried to question her captors but they hadn't even opened their mouths. There seemed to be just two, a man and a woman, but she didn't think they were the people in the van......the man was too big. She wracked her brain as to the 'why' of it but there was no answer. They passed their time in constant fear of what might happen to them and the total 'unknown' as it related to Marianne. Did it have something to do with Brian or his job? that couldn't be possible. They weren't wealthy or had anything valuable to exchange for their freedom. Perhaps it had something to with her dad and his years on the Police Force but he'd been dead for years......too much of a stretch, but you never knew......memories could be long. She was aware of her sister's involvement in the Security Services and, of course, George's involvement too. Perhaps that's what it was........some sort of leverage, some sort of exchange. Her mind went round and round her imagination doing cartwheels. She spent her time trying to play games with Judith and her heart ached for knowledge of Marianne.
.
They were in another meeting in the big house, the speaker phone on the table between them hooked up to the Commander in London and George at his hotel in Worcester. Terry had printed the photos he's taken at the pub in Hereford and they also lay on the table between them.
"So, Jen, you say you'd met this fellow in the photos before?" the Commander's voice echoed from the machine.
"Yes, I met him at the hospice, he was with Viv. Viv said he was her boyfriend Harry, I never heard his last name."
"His name isn't Harry," replied the Commander, "it's Ronan Flaherty. He's a small time crook. He'll put his hand to anything to make quick money but more recently he's been selling drugs on the street."
"So what was he doing with Viv?" said Jen astonishment in her voice. Robbie sat quietly looking at one of the enlargements in front of him on the table.
"Jennie, I know you don't like me snooping around but sometimes we can all get too close to things."
"Robbie, I know you have my best interests at heart so what is it you have to say?" Robbie looked down at his hands wondering how Jennie would react to his information. He felt as though he'd broken a confidence by snooping around the sister's room but, at the end of the day, the ends justified the means.
"Jen....I'm not quite sure how you're going to react to this but, as you said, I do have your best interests at heart. After meeting Vivien and witnessing the cold she had, the continuous sniffling and her overall demeanor I got suspicious. I thought I'd seen it before....more than once so......and this is the bit you're not going to like.....when she was working in the barn I had a look in her room." Jen's face tightened in anger, "not something I'm exactly proud of but I was pretty sure........... Viv's doing drugs, Jen. To what extent she's addicted I don't know but looking at her physically I'd say she's pretty far gone. I found cocaine in her bathroom plus all the paraphernalia....syringe etc. You might have noticed that she got a lot better very quickly after she'd been in Hereford."
"Bloody hell," said Jen, "that's all I need just now, a dope addict for a sister."
"It doesn't necessarily make her a bad person," George's voice out of the speakerphone, "it just means she has a problem that, perhaps, we can help her with."
"Oh, come on guys," Jen in exasperation,"you said I didn't know her and you're absolutely right. I just had this rather pleasant vision of all three sisters being reunited again. I should have seen the signs myself.....God I've seen enough of it when I was a copper."
"I'm afraid it gets worse or more interesting depending on how you look at it," Robbie's Scottish burr settled on the conversation, "two things that might or might not be connected. The packet of drugs I found had a tiny imprint on the cellophane in one corner......a little spider's web. It matches the tattoo on the boyfriends hand or Ronan Flaherty if that's who he is."
"So, he's her dealer," said Jen angrily.
"This is the product we've been seeing a lot more of," said David, "I told you we'd been spending a lot more time on drug trafficking and this is a product that seems to be getting more and more of a market share particularly in Liverpool and Newcastle."
"This might well be the connection we've been looking for," said the Commander over the phone. "This spider web thing might well be their downfall. Somebody's on some sort of an ego trip and it might well just bite them on the ass!" George's voice came over the phone somewhat acerbically.
"It's all too much of a bloody coincidence if you ask me and you know how I feel about coincidences. We would be stupid to conclude that there's no connection between the drugs, Kate's abduction and what's been going on at the farm. If there's no connection then well and good, however, I for one and my people will assume there's a connection."
"I think you're absolutely right," said Robbie emphatically, "I also found Viv's mobile phone, made a note of all the numbers called and had Dave check them out. She made a number of calls to a number registered to Ronan Flaherty, far more than she would make if she were simply buying drugs........so there is something else going on."


Chapter 25
The Beechcraft kissed the runway at Aurora International Airport to the south of Guatemala City with barely a bump and taxied over to the charter area of the airport. Rick and Julio stood at the top of the stairs enjoying the cool breeze blowing across the tarmac.
"That air makes a change," said Rick conversationally, "airport looks reasonably civilized too."
"We're at a pretty good elevation here," said Julio, "takes a couple of days to get used to it....air's a bit thinner......cooler though.....don't really have the humidity."
Once again they had no trouble getting through customs and quickly grabbed a Yellow Cab to take them downtown.
"Don't let the airport fool you, Rick," said Julio gazing out of the window, "this place ain't the greatest, you'll see as we get into town. There's more crime here than you can shake a stick at. Kidnapping, drive by killings are common and petty crime is everywhere. They advise tourists here not to walk anywhere or even take a bus later on in the evening, robberies are common."
Rick kept his eyes glued outside as they headed towards the downtown hotel. He saw totally decrepit, brightly painted buses belching smoke and fumes cheek by jowl with Hummers and BMWs. He saw modern glass skyscrapers dropping their shadows on shantytowns filled with immigrants from the countryside scratching away trying to eke out a living. It seemed as though urban planning had been an afterthought. As Julio explained there was an elite here that lived totally ignoring the have-nots as though they didn't exist. As they approached the center of the city the buildings became more colonial in style, the boulevards wider although not many people seemed to be walking. His eyes did not pick up on the dirty gold, late model Mercedes that had been behind them all the way from the airport. Of course why would they? most vehicles from the airport would be heading into downtown and Zone 1 of the city.
The taxi pulled up in front of their hotel, a magnificent colonial building that had been restored to cater to the tourist business. Wide steps guarded by a uniformed doorman, huge white pillars at the top of the steps with the largest flower pots Rick had ever seen, they had to be five feet tall and jammed full of colorful bushes and flowers. Rick got out of the cab and stood looking upwards at the impressive building. The cab driver, Julio and the doorman were getting the bags out of the cab's trunk. Rick turned to look out across the massive square, noticing out of the corner of his eye the Mercedes as it seemed to slow as it passed in front of the hotel. As he watched he saw the rear window go down and the barrel of a gun; his years of training kicked in.
"Gun," he screamed and hurled himself to the ground behind one of the massive flower pots. The three men behind the yellow cab looked up in surprise but were too slow to react. The downtown traffic noise of cars, scooters and bikes was completely drowned out by the chatter of the automatic weapon as it swept across the back of the cab. The three didn't stand a chance. The bullets stitched across Julio's chest driving him to the ground behind the cab. The driver was hit in the head and was dead before he hit the ground but the doorman, partially covered by the cab, was hit in the right leg and shoulder before he fell under the taxi. The Mercedes quickly accelerated and disappeared into the heavy traffic.
Everything seemed to be in slow motion as Rick picked himself up and ran towards the almost destroyed vehicle. His mind quickly analyzed the situation as he got closer, he was surprised and thankful that the vehicle had not caught fire. He could immediately see that the driver was dead and the doorman, although wounded, was probably going to survive. Julio lay crumpled at the back of the cab his khaki shirt totally covered in blood, his face ashen. Rick could see he'd been hit three times in the chest, pink blood bubbled out of his mouth as he tried to breath......one shot in the lung thought Rick his professionalism kicking in. It was obvious he didn't have long. Rick knelt by his side and held his hand tightly as Julio struggled to breath.
"Call Hector," he whispered. His grip relaxed as he quietly died.
.
George Mudd sat in his suite in Worcester mentally cataloguing the sequence of events as described to him by Rick Wilkinson. He'd had the very difficult duty of calling Hector in Vancouver and advising him of the death of his nephew. Rick had called George immediately before even the police had got to the scene of the shooting. Hector, in turn, had undertaken to call Connie in Managua and tell her of her son's death. As expected Rick had been held in Guatemala for a couple of days before being released. He was not able to help the local police in any way, shape or form and had given them no indication as to why he and Julio were in Guatemala other than vacationing. Eventually they'd let him go although they'd had to hang on to Julio's body pending the autopsy. He'd immediately flown back to Managua and was now awaiting instructions from George. Connie had insisted he stay in her apartment whilst things settled down so he had sent the plane back to San Jose.
George poured himself another Bowmore. Obviously Rick and Julio had been targeted and only Rick's quick wits and a bit of luck had saved his life. The very fact that they'd been targeted told George they were on the right track but O'Brian or Cahill or whatever he called himself now was smarter than that. Why draw attention to yourself? he took another sip of the Scotch. There's no way the attack was sanctioned by O'Brian, someone else made the decision. Could it have been Callahan? probably not.....Callahan's smarter than that also so that means we have someone else in the mix, the common denominator was Eddie Ramirez. Unless either Connie or Julio had been careless the only person that could have passed on the information was the de-frocked doctor in Managua. The pressure to do it must have been pretty strong as he was sure that Rick would have thrown a fright into him.


Chapter 26
"I'm sure nothing's happening because they don't know where I am," said George propping his head up. Jen lay leaning against the headboard, naked to the waist, her laptop on her knees. She'd driven over to Worcester early that afternoon with Terry ensuring she didn't have a tail.
"It's quite a few days now darling," said Jen thoughtfully.
"I know that, Jen, but they won't do anything unless it's some sort of exchange they want.......sort of me for them thing.....but they can't do that because I'm the unknown just now and they know it. I think, for the time being anyway, we're going to have to divide and conquer so to speak. We've a couple of things going on that might or might not be connected. I'm convinced that for either one to be brought to a satisfactory conclusion I need to be the unknown factor.....at least my whereabouts. Robbie of course has to be particularly careful as does Dave. Rick Wilkinson is on his own in Managua waiting for instructions from me and I'm having a difficult time reigning in Hector who's out for revenge. Sweetheart you're an ex copper and a trooper's wife so you're quite capable of looking after things at Eaton Bishop. For the time being I'm going to focus on O'Brian....he's the key. I know he's alive....all we have to do is find him and everything will fall into place. Now......did you come over here to talk about this stuff or did you have some sort of an ulterior motive?" he said, pulling the sheet off the rest of her body.
.
The old study was tastefully lit by the light from a number of table lamps spread around the room. The evenings were still cool but the fire spread its warmth and scent through the room. The dogs lay on the rug in front of the fire twitching with their dreams, accompanied by the occasional muted yelp.
"I had quite a lengthy meeting with George this afternoon. He's convinced there's some connection between what's going on here at the farm, Kate's disappearance and the business over in Central America. He's also convinced that they're not going to make another move until they know where he is."
"I think he's right," said Robbie looking over at Dave Rowden. Jennie stood up and walked over to the sideboard.
"Anyone like another drink?" she asked pouring herself another Scotch. "George's prime concern just now is for you, Robbie. We're assuming you're a principal target so he's put together a plan that he hopes you all agree with."
"I can look after myself," said Robbie.
"He said you'd say that and told me to remind you of Julio being gunned down in plain daylight in the middle of the city."
"Hmmmm," said Robbie, "I suppose he has a point. I'll have another wee dram whilst you're there, Jennie, my lass......so what's his plan?"
"He feels we have two courses to follow regardless as to whether there is a connection or not. Firstly he feels we should put some pressure on my sister now and that this should be done formally by Dave on the part of the Security Service. If necessary we can hold her for possession not that I like the idea of doing that to my own sister but she brought it upon herself.
Secondly, Rick Wilkinson is on his own now in Nicaragua staying with Julio's mother. It seems obvious that the key there is this doctor chap in Managua, Eddie Ramirez. George feels he's the link to whoever killed Julio and eventually to O'Brian. He'd originally thought of sending Rafferty down there to work with Wilkinson but now feels that Robbie should go down there."
"You're kidding me," said Robbie, "Central bloody America!"
"Back to the hot weather, Robbie," said Jen laughing, "but seriously, Rick needs the help and it gets you out of the line of fire here. If we do it carefully you'll be another unknown so then there'll be two of you dropped out of sight."
"Sounds like out of the frying pan into the fire to me," said Robbie morosely.
"That's quite possible, Robbie, but we're going to have work here for O'Rourke and Rafferty. Our priority here is finding Kate and the kids, the link might well be Ronan Flaherty according to the calls made by Vivien."
"Once I hook up with Rick Wilkinson will we have any support?"
"George said you will have all the support you need from Hector Pan. Your contact will be Connie in Managua, she will be able to provide anything you might need and, as Hector said to George, that means anything."


Chapter 27
The Land Rover hissed down the glistening highway in the steady rain, the wipers almost in sync with the radio playing in the background. They'd passed through the center of Hereford and were heading east down the A438.
"I thought we were going to stop in Hereford to do the shopping," said Vivien from the passenger seat.
"Taking advantage of being over here to go see David down in Ledbury, it's not far, only about fifteen miles, I promised him I'd pop in if I had the chance," said Jen, not taking her eyes off the road.
"Why is he in Ledbury surely Hereford would be much more convenient?"
"Well, Viv, like I told you before, David is actually a Major in the British Army seconded to the Security Services, he works closely with the local police and they provide him with an office and communication.....best they could do for him was Ledbury, we won't be long though."
Within twenty minutes she pulled into the yard in front of the red brick building that also served as the local Magistrates Court.
"Come on Viv...pointless you sitting out here in the car."
.
The room was brightly painted but quiet, seemingly insulated from the rest of the building. The sign on the door said 'Interview Room No 2'. The furniture was functional the only notable difference being the chairs and table seemed to be bolted to the floor.
"They must be really busy to put us in here," said Jen sitting down at the table, "at least they've given the place a lick of paint, I used to come down here quite regularly when I was a copper."
After a few minutes two men entered the room, both in uniform.
"Morning Jen.....Viv." David was dressed in his Major's uniform his jump wings proudly displayed on the arms, "this is Superintendant McRay," he said introducing the tall officer with him.
Vivien looked nervously at Jen.
"What's going on, Jen?"
"I'm afraid I got you down here on false pretenses, Viv, and for that I deeply apologize. It all has to do with Kate's abduction. Everyone in the house is being interviewed, including me and it is better to do it down here than in my own living room. As far as Kate and the kids are concerned we cannot leave a stone unturned and time is marching on." Vivien strode towards the door.
"I'm not putting up with this bullshit....I'm leaving, you lied to me, Jen, my own sister."
"Viv.....Kate's your sister too and Judith and Marianne are your nieces, I would have thought you would want to do anything and everything possible to get them back safe and unharmed. Please sit down Viv, David and Superintendant McRay just have a few questions for you and then we can get out of here." Viv thought for a few seconds and finally sat down pulling a pack of cigarettes and her lighter out of her handbag.
"Sorry Viv, there's no smoking here......would you like a cup of tea?"
David sat down and pulled a thick file out of his briefcase.
"So Viv, just so as there's no misunderstanding, we're talking to everyone that has had recent contact with Kate and the children which, of course, includes everyone in the house at the time of their disappearance. It's been several days now and we still haven't heard from the abductors so we're somewhat in the dark. Is there any way you think you might be able to help us, anything you might have seen or heard, regardless of how insignificant it might seem to you?" Viv shook her head quickly.
"I don't know anything about it."
The Superintendant, leaning against the wall by the door, said sternly,
"You realize, Miss Plowright, that, as far as criminal offences go, this is about as bad as it gets and the penalties are severe."
"Like I said ..... I know nothing about it."
David leaned back in his chair and sipped on his cup of tea.
"Viv.....I've known your sister for years in fact we were partners for a while when she was a Detective Sergeant, it's not her fault you're in here with us.....I pressured her so you can blame me." He smiled at her reassuringly. "The other problem is there might well be a terrorist angle to the abduction which is why I'm involved. As I think Jen might have told you I actually work for the Security Services.....MI5 to be precise so we have to get to the bottom of this and quickly."
"I think I'd like to leave now," said Viv firmly.
"That's not going to be possible," said the Superintendant, "although you're not under arrest, because we feel the abduction is a Terrorist Act, we can hold anyone for up to twenty eight days under the Terrorist Act of 2006 without charge so, if you know anything at all, now would be the time to tell us."
"Like I keep telling you I don't know anything about it."
David dug into his briefcase, pulled out an enlarged photograph, and placed it on the table in front of Viv.
"This photo was taken two days ago in a pub in Hereford.....who is this man?"
"It's Harry Fowler, he's my boyfriend....he drove me down here from London."
"How did you know where your mother was?"
"I knew she'd sold the house and found out she'd been moved to the hospice in Hereford."
"How did you find out?"
"My sister told me."
"Hmmm.....and how did you meet this Harry Fowler, Vivien?"
"I met him in a pub in London."
The Superintendant walked over, sat at the table and said in a calm and friendly voice,
"Miss Plowright, I've been in the police force for over thirty years and I've heard it all. Abduction carries a penalty of perhaps twenty years, terrorist activity can carry the same. It doesn't matter if you're an accessory before or after the fact, the penalties are the same. If you help us perhaps we can help you. I believe you're out of your depth here. I believe you've been conned by some very smart people with some very nasty ulterior motives," he picked up the photo.
"This chap....his name is not Harry Fowler.....his name is Ronan Flaherty, he's a petty criminal and drug dealer. We know you met him in Hereford a couple of days ago, we know he provides you with drugs, specifically cocaine and we know you make regular phone calls to him...far more than if you were simply buying drugs from him. Now do you want to tell us what is going on or do you want to do it the hard way?"
Viv sat there looking as though she were going to cry; Jen leaned over and put her arm around Viv's shoulders.
"Viv you've got yourself into a lot of trouble here please don't try and make it any worse. We can help you but you're going to have to help yourself. Like the Superintendant said we know you've been in regular contact with this Flaherty chap and we know you're a drug user.....we found all your stuff in your room but most importantly you and I both know that it wasn't me that told you where mum was........so who was it?"
Viv took an old fashioned linen hanky out of her bag and wiped her eyes.
"It was him.....Harry!"
Jen went cold then angry as visions of a conspiracy flitted in front of her eyes.
"I think it's time you told us everything," said Jen quietly, "and don't leave anything out ........nothing at all."
.
"That bitch....that stupid fucking bitch.....let's herself get into that position then goes along with it without saying a blasted word. All the fucking crocodile tears.....I'm so angry I don't know what to do with myself."
Jen strode up and down the living room of George's suite in Worcester the anger coming off her in waves.
"Sweetheart...you did your best, you tried to reconcile with her, you brought her into the house which is something anyone would have done so don't blame yourself for that. Really all she's doing is flying the colors you always suspected in the past."
"I know that, George, but to put us in the firing line, to go against her own family, to be an accessory to the kidnapping of her own sister.............what else has she done?"
"I think now the question is what are we going to do with the information, has she been charged?"
"No not yet, George...........she's been held in the lockup in Ledbury under the Terrorism Act, they're obviously holding off to give us time to figure out how to use her."
"OK sweetheart, I think it's time to come home. Arrange a meeting with everyone, preferably at the house either tonight or tomorrow night......just let me know, the key now is obviously this Flaherty chap."


Chapter 28
"So how long have you been out of the service, Rick?" Robbie and Rick Wilkinson were sitting on the restaurant patio opposite Eddie Ramirez' apartment in Managua....not quite the same table Rick and Julio had used but pretty damn close. Robbie had arrived the day before and had slept for almost fourteen hours. George had been quite adamant about getting there as quickly as possible and he was tired, tired to the point of being sluggish so sleep was imperative. George had already arranged with Hector in Vancouver to provide them with whatever they might need, through Connie, whilst he had been in transit. Hector had been true to his word.
"Only about a year now, Robbie, me and my buddy Gary got out at the same time. We were both in the 'boat service.' Frankly, had it not been for George, we'd probably still be in even though we'd done our time, not sure we'd have been active though, probably more on the training side which didn't exactly turn our crank."
Robbie and Rick had hit it off straight away. They were both ex SAS troopers who had seen action in some more remote parts of the world. Rick had met him at the airport and they had driven straight to a safe house provided by Connie but only after taking precautions to ensure no one else was meeting them.
"Gary's minding the boat in Miami and George sent me down here to give Julio a hand." Robbie looked pensive.
"I knew Julio in Costa Rica, we were involved in an operation down there last year that went a bit sideways and that might be what all this is about," said Robbie pensively, "he was Hector Pan's nephew."
"He never had a chance," said Rick, "I saw them coming but Julio just wasn't quick enough, he died in my arms you know. The shooters just didn't give a crap, they just opened up with an automatic weapon in the middle of the day in a very public square. What's with this Hector Pan guy anyway, he seems to be something else?"
"It's a long story, Rick, a story that goes back years. I actually know Hector better than George. I helped get him and his wife out of Viet Nam immediately after the Tet offensive, he eventually settled in Vancouver. Today he's probably one of the biggest gangsters in Canada.....but of a very specific sort. He doesn't do drugs or guns. He doesn't do prostitution, in Canada at least, or protection he concentrates solely on gambling but, and probably more than anything else, he deals in information. It's for this reason he's allowed to stay in business, no one will ever take him on because of his files.....probably a bit like Hoover in that regard. People are afraid of the information he might have and where it is hidden.....pretty smart really. He has five sons and his right hand man is his eldest boy Trevor, he gave us a lot of help last year. His network is huge and spreads all over the Americas and Europe. He has close family in all the more sensitive places, sons, grandsons and nephews.....in some cases nieces. He also has some people that are related by marriage and that's how Connie comes into the picture. He is not to be underestimated in any way. We have what in Hong Kong is known as 'old friends status'...we might as well be family to him but I wouldn't want to cross him either. He's quiet, urbane with exquisite taste and likes the good things in life.......... he's also quite ruthless!"
They sat there for another hour or so enjoying each other's company, swapping tales but never taking their eyes off the doorway on the other side of the street.
"How do you want to handle this?" asked Robbie.
"For sure he's going to be on his guard now, more so than before and of course he knows me from my visit with Julio. There's no way he's going to open his door to a stranger. I think the best way is for you, Robbie, to take him in the street, he doesn't know who you are. I'll give you a few minutes to get him into his apartment then I'll come up. Talk of the devil....there he is."
Ramirez had turned the corner further up the street and was leisurely strolling down towards the entrance to his building. He was wearing the same crumpled clothes as the last time Rick had seen him except now he was wearing a sweat stained Panama hat. He seemed quite unconcerned and relaxed. Robbie stood up and walked diagonally across the street dodging the traffic that seemed to comprise primarily of scooters and mopeds. He met up with Ramirez just feet from his entrance.
"Eddie, how are you?" he called out to him like a long lost brother and stopped just a foot in front of him with one hand held out for a handshake and the other in his jacket pocket.
"Not sure that I know you," said Eddie looking around nervously.
"Eddie, I have a gun in my pocket, if you don't do exactly as I say I'll gun you down right here in the middle of the street, wouldn't bother me one little bit," said Robbie conversationally a smile on his face, "let's just walk up to your apartment, we'll have a coffee and a little chat, shouldn't take long at all."
.
Rick paid the tab and watched Eddie and Robbie enter the building across the street looking as friendly as all get out. He pulled his cell phone out of his jacket, keyed a speed dial button and listened to the ring tone. It was answered by a woman.
"We have him in his apartment, come up in about half an hour." Not waiting for an answer he ended the call, picked up the small holdall from under the table and walked across the street to Eddie's apartment building.
He entered Eddie's apartment and quietly closed the door behind him. Robbie already had Eddie tied in a hard chair his hands bound behind him with plastic ties. He noted the flicker of recognition pass across his face as he walked into the room.
"Turn the TV on," he said to Robbie, "see if you can find a soccer match then give it a bit of volume." He looked at Eddie in the chair, he was sweating profusely and almost hyper ventilating. "Remember me, Eddie? I was here to see you just a few days ago with a good friend of mine....you look surprised to see me, ah well, be that as it may, you suggested we go visit Guatemala City which we did....not a very nice place though. The mistake you made was that after we left you made a phone call...what a naughty boy you are. Robbie, would you pass me the gun I gave you please." Robbie passed him the piece he'd had in his jacket pocket.
"Remember this Eddie.....we talked about this before. Russian.....nine mill...bit of a collector's item......sub-sonic...quiet...a really nice piece. You remember the Irish chap with the bad knees you looked after last year?" Eddie just sat there looking at the floor sweat running down his face. "My big friend here is the guy that did that to him!" Rick passed the gun back to Robbie who worked the slide lifting a cartridge into the chamber, the noise of the slider broke the silence that had entered the room.
"All we want to know is who did you call after my friend and I left?"
"Gutierez......Pablo Gutierez."
"...and who is he exactly?"
"He's a drug dealer in Guatemala City."
"Eddie ...... my friend is dead, gunned down when we arrived there. His name was Julio, he lived in San Jose but owned one of the casinos here in Managua.........he was my friend." A tapping on the door interrupted the conversation, Robbie opened the door and a woman walked in.
"Eddie Ramirez......I'd like you to meet Julio's mother, Connie."


Chapter 29
"It's good to be home, I feel as though I've been away for ever." George reclined in his favorite chair nursing a Single Malt smiling at his friends, "mind you I wish the circumstances were a bit different but there's some daylight at the end of the tunnel now, David's going to brief you now. As you probably know Jen's sister, Viv, was formally interviewed yesterday which was most distressing for Jen but it is what it is and we have to move on, David.......?"
.
"George told us not to under estimate the people we are up against and he was right. It's obvious now that Vivien was targeted by Flaherty, the first contact being made over six months ago in a pub in Catford, South London. We're assuming that Flaherty is working for Callahan but we're not sure exactly where it ends. Information from the other end leads us to believe that O'Brian is still alive but whether or not Callahan is working for him is pure conjecture at this point in time. Apparently Viv was a casual user of recreational drugs to start off with but Flaherty got her hooked on harder stuff and now she's addicted. By enticing her with free drugs she agreed to making new contact with her family with a view to becoming a source of information which is exactly what happened. Once in the house here she provided ongoing information as to the comings and goings of everyone. Having said that we're not sure if she had any prior knowledge of Kate's abduction. Vivien is currently being held in Ledbury, the question is where do we go from here?"
"Whatever we're going to do it has to be damn quick," said George over his drink," as soon as they find out we have Vivien we're dead meat. She's the link to Flaherty and it's fair to assume he's the link to Kate and the kids."
"An operation like this needs considerable financing," said David thoughtfully whilst absent mindedly scratching one of the dog's ears, "we could try following the money, it usually works."
"Don't have the time," said George, "our first priority is find Kate and the kids, once that's out of the way we'll move on, whatever we're going to do we have to do it now."
.
"For an English pub it's not too bad." Rafferty and O'Rourke were sitting in the nook in the pub on West Street in Hereford. "Any pub that has draft Guinness and Kilkenny can't be all bad," said Rafferty, "do you think he'll come?"
"I don't see why not, I was in the room when Vivien made the call, it all sounded quite normal to me, they've met here before so why not again? he's no reason to be suspicious."
The pub slowly filled up with the evening crowd. The two Irishmen sat at a brass topped table with a view of the main bar. Slowly the pub got noisier and a music group began to set up in a corner. They'd deliberately arrived early giving them the time to scope out the building and pick a table that gave them the best view.
"The problem is going to be getting him out of here without him making a stink," said O'Rourke, Rafferty took a pull of his Guinness,
"We'll figure it out, just got to put enough of a scare into him."
"I'd love another pint but it's probably not a good idea, maybe we should order something to eat.....he's pretty late."
"He's late alright but hang on, there he is, by the front door, who's that with him?"
"It's Connor Moylan for Christ's sake."
"Shit he knows us!"
"Just a minute..................what's happening?" The two had got to the bar and Moylan had immediately made a beeline for the door marked 'Toilets' while Flaherty waited for the drinks order.
"Pat...you go hold up Moylan in the toilet, I'll grab Flaherty. You take the Land Rover I'll take Flaherty's car, I just hope he didn't come with Moylan. I'll meet you back at the farm but at Terry's place." They split up and O'Rourke headed for the bar.
"Ronan Flaherty......is that yourself? it's me Seamus." Flaherty looked puzzled as he looked up and saw this large man holding his hand out.
"Do I know you? not sure I've ever seen you before."
"Have you bin drinking lad? last time I saw you was in the pub in Catford although I must admit you'd had a few." By now O'Rourke was at his side and had his hand in a vice like grip. The music had started and the pub was in full flow, he put his head down by Flaherty's ear.
"Right now, you nasty little man, you're as close to death as you've ever been in your life," he whispered, "we're going to go out into the parking lot and we're going to get into your car and drive away. Don't think your friend is coming back because he isn't. Do you understand? now just walk with me as though I'm your oldest friend......by the way this really is a gun in my pocket not my dick."
They walked out into the parking, O'Rourke seeing no sign of Rafferty, but noted that the Land Rover had gone. Flaherty started to try and bluster his way out of his plight, O'Rourke showed him the Sig he'd borrowed from Jen.
"You drive, Ronan, there's a good boy. If you're a really good boy you might only need a doctor if not it'll be a priest you'll be needing for sure."
The old Vauxhall headed west out of Hereford and pulled up in front of the gates to the big house.
"Getting a clue now are we, Ronan?" asked O'Rourke quietly, "hoot the horn like a good chap would you." Terry came out and opened the gates, closing them behind the car as it pulled up behind the old gatehouse.
"Take him downstairs into the cellar," said Terry, "I've fixed it up down there for him, Rafferty's inside."
.
The cellar was damp befitting the age of the old Lodge. The walls were thick stone and the floor was all flagstones although there was a drain in the middle as though some work had been done to prevent it flooding. Terry had placed an old wooden chair in the middle of the room. Now they tied Flaherty to it with plastic ties and left him to his own devices for a while. Back upstairs Rafferty had just made tea for them all.
"So what happened to Moylan?" asked O'Rourke.
"Nothing......by the time I got in the toilets he'd disappeared. He hasn't come back here either....I even checked up at the house. I've no idea where he fits into this but him just being 'out there' is no good, we need to deal with this in a hurry."
"Okay, let's get it on."
"Pull the table over I want Ronan to look at some stuff."
"OK my little friend....here are a bunch of photos of your car cruising by the house. Here also is a photo of you meeting Vivien Plowright in the pub in Hereford. We also have the transcripts of all the phone calls made by Ms. Plowright to your mobile phone. As one Irishman to another there's only one thing we want to know.....where is Kate Trenholme and her daughters?"
"I don't know what you're talking about, I've never heard of her."
"Hmm....would you like a cup of tea Ronan?" asked O'Rourke politely, "or perhaps you'd like some water? I think there's something here you're not quite understanding Ronan, we're not the police, we're not connected to the police or to any of the English security forces, we're simply friends of Kate and her kids. Nobody knows you're here, nobody can hear you down here and really nobody cares. So there you have it. You're a very small cog in a very large chain and totally expendable.....easily replaced if you were to simply disappear, which is a distinct possibility at this point in time, do you want to talk to us?"
"I don't know what you're talking about," he muttered.
"Pat....drag the chair over the drain and let's get Ronan here some water.........tie his head back I can see he's really thirsty."


Chapter 30
The room was really starting to stink now. She estimated that they'd been there for at least a week. Although they'd been fed regularly and the portable toilet had been emptied almost every day they'd had no opportunity to wash or clean themselves up in any way. They'd heard no traffic noises or even noises from other parts of the house. She prayed that Marianne was OK, since that first scream she'd heard nothing. The same couple brought the food and emptied the toilet. They were forced to face the walls when they came into the room, having Marianne guaranteed that. She'd started scratching on the wall each time it got dark through the chink in the shutters although she might have missed one to start off with.....she couldn't remember but it was something to do and kept track of the days. She also knew her period was almost due so she was going to have to talk to her minders and get the where with all. She was more than ever convinced they were on a farm or at least a very secluded house. She also thought they couldn't be too far from Gloucester as they hadn't been too long in the van.......although in which direction she'd no idea.
Nobody had said a word, the silence was almost stifling. Judith had developed a bad head cold so they were using the toilet paper as tissues. She worried about Brian her husband but was confident that Jen would be using all her contacts and influence to find them. She'd wracked her brain trying to figure out why they'd been taken and was beginning to think that a mistake had been made. She tried to talk to the two minders but to no avail, she couldn't get a rise out of them, neither one had uttered a word since they'd arrived.
.
The house was well secluded sitting on a two acre lot just outside the village of Clydach in South Wales. David was lying in the grass on the edge of the woodland in full camo gear his eyes glued to the binoculars trained on the building. The house had seen better days and had been leased by a Harry Fowler according to the Estate Agent , he'd paid three months rent in advance. There was no sign of life but thin blue smoke drifted out of one of the chimneys. There was a blue van parked in a yard to one side but no other vehicles, his earpiece squawked,
"Any movement yet?" the leader of the SAS Troop which had the property surrounded.
"The place looks dead except for the smoke," answered David into his throat mike.
"We've got the laneway blocked off and the property back stopped in all directions now so nobody's getting in or out. The medics are about a mile down the road in case we need them and I understand the husband just showed up."
"Make sure he's kept back there, Captain, we've no idea what we're getting into here. Send up Alpha team now it's time to have a closer look."
Within minutes the four troopers of Alpha Team silently appeared at his side.
"Time to have a closer look fellas, there's only two doors....a back and front, see if you can get a camera in. Our intel says it's just an older couple in the house and supposed to be unarmed but better safe than sorry." The four men disappeared as quietly as they had arrived. Within minutes two of them appeared by the front door, David watched them carefully ready for any interruption.
The voice squawked in Dave's earpiece.
"Looks as though it's just the two of them, middle aged couple both in the kitchen....no sign of missing subjects."
"OK..you are authorized to enter.....coordinated entry back and front....flashbangs....try not to kill anyone."
.
Kate and Judith were lying on their beds. The couple had just been in the room and taken away the remains of their lunch leaving a jug of water and two plastic mugs. The air in the room was heavy there being no circulation and the toilet hadn't been emptied yet. Kate lay on the dirty sheets, one arm over her eyes and wondering where it was going to end. They'd had no word of Marianne since their abduction...the lack of knowledge gnawed at her driving her crazy with worry.
.
Two loud piercing bangs in quick succession brought her to her feet.
"What's going on, mum?" asked Judith nervously.
"Shhhh....something's happening, Jud."
The house had gone quiet again, the accustomed stillness settled back into the room. She heard the key turning in the lock so she and Judith stood up and faced the wall.
.
"You can turn around now.....it's time to go home."


Chapter 31
The house was getting full now. She'd insisted that Kate, Brian and the two girls stay with them for the time being and of course Dave Rowden was still at the house. Robbie was down in Central America but they'd no idea when he was coming back or what he was up to and the two Irishmen, Rafferty and O'Rourke, were staying down at the lodge with Terry and Margaret.
Terry and her had their hands full as Connor Moylan had disappeared off the face of the earth. The farm was still an ongoing business and all the daily chores had to be maintained. She had put Kate's two girls to work in the barns and Kate herself was giving Margaret a hand in the kitchen. Brian was at a bit of a loose end but Terry had given him the job of monitoring the security systems which were all up and running. The housekeeping challenges were about to be added to as the Commander was coming down to visit that afternoon and would probably stay a couple of days, he'd have no option but to stay in Robbie's room.
.
George looked at the Commander as the waning sunlight slanted in through the study windows. He hadn't actually seen him in almost a year but he hadn't changed much......a little greyer perhaps but it was hard to tell with his close cropped hair. His limp seemed a little more pronounced, the legacy of a bullet in Malaya years ago, but he still walked like a guardsman and dressed like an English Gentleman. He sat now facing George looking as though he belonged in this old country house in his cavalry twills with the knife like crease, Lobb shoes and Savile Row jacket. David and Jen sat in the window seat all four of them nursing freshly poured Bowmores.
"Bloody lock up in Ledbury is filling up," said Dave, "might have to move someone soon."
"How's that?" asked the Commander crossing his well tailored legs.
"Well we have Vivien still who hasn't been charged yet by the way, we have the couple from the house that were holding Kate and the kids plus we have Flaherty who, by the way, has 'lawyered up' as they say in the States. Apparently a pretty expensive barrister from the city is coming down here tomorrow to represent him, pretty obvious that someone else is paying for him. Once he's here we won't be getting any information from him." The Commander took a sip of his whisky.
"Not that worried about the barrister, Domestic Security and Terrorism trumps local police work every day. We can always move him and claim he's being moved for his personal safety and in the interests of National Security. George...you're still of the opinion that Callahan is pulling his strings?"
"Absolutely," said George, "Kate and the kids were pure leverage just part of an overall plan....no demands were made in almost a week." Jen stood up and switched on a couple of table lamps.
"David.....you said a couple of days ago to follow the money.....that's normal police work and invariably works. Now that Kate and the kids are safe perhaps that's something we should be doing."
"You're right, Jen," said George, "but in this instance the money is the drugs! Flaherty's getting it from somewhere.....all we need to do is follow it back....I'll bet good money we trip up over Callahan at some point in time, problem is we need information and we need it now."
.
"Perhaps we kill two birds with one stone here," said David pensively, "the drugs we found in Viv's room had that little spider's web on the package and that's the product we're seeing more and more of on the street. It started in Newcastle, then appeared in Liverpool and more recently in Birmingham. It just seems that someone is developing a network very quickly and we've no bloody idea how it's getting into the country, right now Flaherty's the key." The Commander's mobile phone gave its discrete buzz in his pocket.
"Excuse me a moment, I've been expecting this call." He talked for a few minutes whilst Jen went around and replenished everyone's drinks.
"OK...I think that removes a lot of doubt I had in my mind, our Mr. Flaherty spent some time in the Maze a few years ago."
"I thought that had been demolished," said David.
"They started knocking it down in 2006 but then they put it on hold, not sure what's happening to it now."
"What's The Maze?" asked Jen.
"Bit before your time," answered George," it was a notorious prison just outside of Belfast. They used it for para-military prisoners during the troubles in Northern Ireland, had a hell of a reputation for being a 'tough' prison."
"Yes, but guess what.......our Mr. Flaherty was in the same block as Aiden Callahan....Kevin Callahan's brother."
"........and Aiden Callahan was killed in the shootout in London last year," whispered George, "well what do you know!"
.
The evening had settled in and Terry had lit the usual log fire in the huge fireplace. They sat around munching on the sandwiches Margaret had brought in. It would have been the perfect evening of good friends, enjoying good whisky, sitting around a good fire......but it wasn't!
"You know, if an expensive barrister has been provided then we should be assuming that Flaherty has become expendable.......more than that....a liability," George ruminated almost to himself, "we also need information that we're not going to get with him sitting in a cell in Ledbury. Follow the drugs...find the distributor. I suggest we move him and move him now, it's for his own personal safety." The Commander's eyebrows went up.
"Move him where, George?"
"Bring him back here, we can keep him in the cellar in the Lodge House."
"For his own personal safety?" said the Commander smiling.
"Hey.....we need information and I would say he's in danger. He's our only lead and I don't hear anyone coming up with a reasonable alternative and, by the way, if it is Callahan we're dealing with he now knows we have Flaherty so we have to be on our game!"
"I think we should also be moving Viv," said Jen, "she's currently the only witness against Flaherty and is perhaps in danger although I'm sure that eventually the couple that were holding Kate and the kids will roll over on him."
"I think you're right, Jen," said George," we can either bring her back here under house arrest or move her into a safe house."
"She's going to need some help soon," said Jen, "she'll be going into withdrawal."


Chapter 32
They were sitting on Connie's wide, expansive deck high above bustling Managua, the city haze lying over the rooftops like a light, fluffy blanket. The sun was huge as it started to bed down for the night in the Pacific just twenty five miles to the west. The evening onshore breeze hadn't yet settled in so the air was still as though holding its breath. Robbie sat in one of the wicker arm chairs nursing his rum and water, the ice jingling in the cut glass tumbler, the sun reflecting off his aviator glasses.
"I just spoke to George........ he's back at the farm now, I told him we were going to discuss our next moves this evening. He asked me to get back to him as soon as we have some idea of what we're going to do. He did say there was more urgency now as the opposition would be more on their guard. Obviously something has been going on over there but he didn't elaborate." He stood up and with his arms on the railing looked down onto the noisy street several floors below. "We need some sort of back door, we need intel without immediately alerting the Tangos," he said thoughtfully almost to himself.
"What's a Tango?" asked Connie stretched out on a matching wicker couch rolling a fresh cigar between her fingers.
"It's a military term, Connie.....sort of covers all the bad guys, all the opposition."
"Hmmmm...Tango.....I like it........perhaps this Pablo Gutierez is your 'back door' as you put it. He reacted very quickly to the information he received concerning my Julio and Rick here." Her face became hard and her lips tightened as she mentioned her son's name. "There's no way he made that decision on his own." She bit off the end of her cigar, spat over the balcony and lit it with her gold Dunhill, she drew on the cigar until the fragrant blue cloud started to drift away.
"This Pablo Gutierez is no Eddie Ramirez, Robbie. You're not going to be able to scare him, let me fill you in a bit. Guatemala City is a sort of clearing house for drugs coming up from Columbia.....and other places of course. There are three distribution gangs in the city who openly fight amongst themselves with little intervention on the part of law enforcement which tells you something.....Gutierez heads up the most vicious." She smiled wryly and waved her cigar in the air. "You go there you could find yourselves in a war and there's a lot more of them than there are of us....and don't expect any help from the law, you'll probably find them more of a hindrance than a help."
"OK...I hear what you're saying, Connie," said Rick who had been quiet until now, "as I see it the objective is not to turn over a wasps nest and then try to fight our way out," he steepled his hands and looked over them at Robbie, "we need to be able to get in as quietly as possible, get the information we need and get out without alarming the whole bloody country. We also need to pre-determine exactly what we're going to do once we get out.......assuming we do of course," he said smiling, "we could also do with a bit of help!"
.
"Fuck," yelled Rick as the Toyota bottomed out again," we'll be lucky to get there at all at this rate, we're going to break something."
They had decided to drive from Managua to Guatemala City but as Connie had warned them the roads were not exactly good.
"Connie said the roads were pretty bad she didn't say they were like this," he shouted as he wrestled the wheel, "now I know why she insisted we take two spares and some extra gas."
"At least it's not that far," said Robbie hanging on for dear life, "it's less than five hundred miles."
"Shit....wait until it's your turn to drive Robbie...this is hard work. It'll take us at least two days at this rate providing we don't get held up at the borders which we have to cross several times, I hasten to add."
"Beats flying," said Robbie ,"at least this way we can cross the borders with the least fuss even if we do have to cross Honduras and El Salvador plus it gives us transportation once we're there although as soon as we're in Guatemala we must remember to knick some domestic plates."
Connie had insisted they use Julio's Toyota Land Cruiser for the trip and had agreed to meet them in Guatemala City although she was taking a more round about route via Mexico City and using her Canadian passport for the last leg of her trip. During their two days of hammering out the plans for their foray into Guatemala, which had included several conversations with both George in England and Hector Pan in Canada, she had drilled into them that the Tangos, through their government informants, would have the airports, railway stations and bus depots all covered but they couldn't cover every border crossing therefore better to drive and allow two to three days for the trip giving time for the other pieces to fall into place.
.
The road didn't get any better as they headed north out of Nicaragua, if anything it got worse. The dust was everywhere, a red grit that got into your clothes, your eyes your very skin. Whenever possible they stopped more for water than for gas. They had started driving just for an hour each at a time as wrestling the heavy Toyota and dodging the constant pot holes was exhausting.
The crossings into Honduras and El Salvador were eventless. They made a point of crossing at small, sleepy border towns and ended up spending the night at San Cristobal just over the border in Guatemala.
The stopover came as a welcome respite after ten hours of pounding over poorly maintained roadways. Now at least they had the opportunity to get some rest, something to eat and wash the dust and grit out of everything. Tomorrow would be a much different day as they would quickly pick up the Pan American Highway, an expressway that would take them all the way into Guatemala City....easy driving.
As soon as they had settled into the motel and got cleaned up Robbie pulled out the Satphone and made two long phone calls. Later he sat on one of the twin beds watching Rick shaving at the tiny sink in the corner.
"OK.....everything we're going to need is in place. By the day after tomorrow Connie will have been there three days and assures us we will have all the intel we're going to need. George has specifically told me to tell you that you didn't sign up for this. It will be dangerous, it will be illegal and there's liable to be shooting. Everything is in place to get us out of the country in a hurry but you can bail right now if you choose....it's your choice and no one will hold it against you."
"Hey man...bin there...done this and I didn't get paid as well as I am now. It always was choice for us, you know that as well as I do, I'm in, no matter what."
As the Toyota ate up the miles northward the driving got easier and eventually the highway became an expressway. They stopped twice on the way once to change the plates on the truck courtesy of an old chev in front of an apartment building that looked as though it hadn't moved in days and once for gas and a bite to eat.
"We should time it so as we pull into Guatemala City after dark," said Rick, "don't forget some of these guys know what I look like, no point in taking unnecessary chances."
"I agree," said Robbie studying a map, "although we're not heading downtown, we're meeting Connie at a motel in the burbs."
.
They only got lost once. Their directions took them to a large almost new motel in the northeast quadrant of the city. Although they knew Connie's room number they spent the next hour reconnoitering the immediate area, establishing escape routes and ensuring that the motel was not under any sort of surveillance. Once satisfied they parked the truck half a block away and walked in to the meet.
"Where's the truck?" asked Connie.
"Parked half a block away from here," said Robbie.
"I see you've done this before," said Connie laughing, "but you're right you can't be too careful."
"Holy shit....you don't exactly travel light," said Rick looking at the stack of suitcases on one of the beds.
"Actually I do, Rick," nodding at a small holdall on the floor by the bed, "those are courtesy of Hector but we'll get to them in a few minutes, I'm just waiting for someone."
Only a few minutes passed until there was a discrete tapping on the door. Connie cracked the door on the chain and then opened the door wide. Robbie and Rick stood there in surprise.
"You said you'd need a bit of help," said Gary looking tanned and fit, "allow me to introduce my new friends.....this is Pat O'Rourke and Declan Rafferty."


Chapter 33
"What the bloody hell?" said Robbie.
"George said to call him on the Satphone as soon as we all got together," said Rafferty, "didn't matter what time of day or night."
.
"Cool down, Robbie, and listen to the logic of it then you can have a go at me if you see fit," George's voice echoed in his ear after the connection was made, "put it on hands free then you don't have to explain everything." Robbie put the phone on the bed so everyone could hear.
"Rick......I assume Robbie has explained everything to you by now and that you're free to opt out if you wish......that goes for everyone else by the way." George's voice had changed to one of authority and command.
"Yes boss......I'm OK with it.....no worries."
"Good....so this is where we're at. I'm pretty sure Callahan will have gone to ground wherever he might be. By now he knows we have Flaherty and he knows we have Kate and the girls back. His problem is he doesn't know where I am or Robbie for that matter. Because of this the threat level at this end is probably minimal but we still have Dave Rowden here plus a little protection provided by the Commander, top of that the wife is wandering around with that damned Sig of hers stuck in her belt. It worries me that we don't know the location of Connor Moylan although for sure he's not around here. Logic tells me our best approach is from your end. If we can get to O'Brian hopefully we can get to Callahan...that's why you're all there. Connie and Hector have put a plan together that might just work and for sure it's going to need six people. If it goes sideways we'll fall back on Plan 'B.'"
"What's plan B?" asked Connie.
"Dunno yet," replied George his laughter echoing from the phone, "Connie, do you have everything you're going to need?"
"Yes....it's all here, George, Hector's people delivered it this afternoon."
"OK then...your two major assets are in place in Guatemala City and Puerto Barrios. You have the contact numbers and call signs? I e-mailed them to you last night."
"Yes...I have them, George."
"Good....now go over everything with the guys, listen to them and take their advice. They're the best of the best and have all done this type of thing before, remember surprise is your friend. They don't know you're there.....they don't know you're coming, you have all the intelligence you need. You'll be gone before they've figured it out. Call me if you need me." The phone clicked off and silence invaded the room, each lost in their own thoughts.
"Jesus....sounds like we're going to war," said Rick quietly.
"We are," answered Connie.
.
The contents of the extra cases, courtesy of Hector Pan, were spread all over the room. H&K machine pistols, the SD3 model all suppressed and each with four extra clips, a Glock 17 semi-automatic pistol for each of them with an extra clip, body armor for each, night vision goggles plus a digitally encrypted radio complete with headsets.
"There's nothing here for you, Connie."
"I'm OK Rick.....I have the Makarov.....bit of a collector's item....I kind of like it."
"What's in the other case?" asked Gary, Connie smiled.
"Bit of a surprise for the....what did you call them, Robbie....Tangos? Nothing you haven't used before.....flashbangs.....couple of grenades.....couple of claymores.....just nasty little surprises for nasty little men."


Chapter 34
There was no way of telling if Connie's intelligence was correct thought Robbie, but we'll know soon. The building was free standing, on the edge of a heavy industrial development. Their initial recce had established that there were two main entrances, a front door that led into some offices, a pair of rear overheads for the loading docks and a small man door in the rear. Unfortunately the front of the building was quite close to the street with little cover although the lighting was poor, just an ineffectual yellow glow. Behind the building was substantial parking plus a couple of dumpsters behind which Robbie and Rick relaxed........waiting.
.
The night was pitch black with a heavy cloud cover, the moon appearing every now and again as the clouds were pushed along by the evening breeze out of the west. He was hot and uncomfortable in his body armor the sweat running down his sides. The H&K machine pistol felt like an old friend in his hands but the Glock was digging into his back as it was pushed into his waistband. He was almost invisible, as were the rest of the group, all in dark clothing, watch caps, their faces blackened and seeming like aliens with their night vision goggles. O'Rourke and Rafferty were out front on the other side of the street but Connie and Gary were on the other side of town picking up what Connie referred to as 'some insurance'.
.
Everything was shades of green through the goggles as he peered between the dumpsters. The building seemed to have no security and no outside lights. To his left down the side of the building ran a single railway line separated from the building by a high metal fence. A gate gave access through the fence and across the line to vacant land on the other side.
.
They were ready and they were in the hard part...........the waiting. His radio hissed quietly through the earpiece but other than that.....deathly silence.
"See anything yet?" he whispered into his throat mike.
"Not a bloody thing," came the reply in his ear from O'Rourke across the street, "I'm beginning to wonder if Connie's got it right."
"She bloody well better," answered Robbie, "I'm sweating like a pig here, should have brought something to drink.......something we forgot. If the intel's wrong she should ask for a refund, she paid enough for it." O'Rourke smothered a laugh.
"Hang on, Robbie, there's a car coming.........Suburban......four guys." The vehicle slowed down as it went by the building, went another hundred yards, turned round and came back disappearing back down the street.
"Having a looksee," whispered Robbie, "nobody even twitch until I give the word. There's going to be two different groups but we don't know how far apart they'll be. If they're smart they'll all park out on the street.......vehicles could get trapped back here. If anybody spots Gutierrez let me know."
.
"Two vehicles coming back......turning around......parking facing back down the street. Shit....... eight guys, all armed, looks like automatic weapons......they're just hanging around."
"Don't do a thing," whispered Robbie urgently, "we need the other group here and we need them all in the building. They might leave a guard or two outside.......any more than that we abort as agreed, keep your heads up."
"Two vans coming from the other direction."
"Ah, the party begins," whispered Robbie, "let me know what they do."
"Get down, Robbie, they're turning into the driveway...coming right at you." Two grey vans swung into the parking lot at the back of the building, turned around and parked in the driveway facing out towards the road.
"Jesus....there's another eight of them. Sixteen in total.....any more show up we might be outgunned," said Robbie mirthlessly.
"Two men guarding the front, Rob.....the rest are in the building." Lights came on in one of the offices in the front of the building.
"There's too many of them to be doing their business in the offices," whispered Robbie, "we'll need to take them in the back. Pat.....can you two take out the guards in the front without any noise?"
"Hey fellas.....I'm back in the game," Gary's voice came over the headsets, "I'm parked round the corner."
"Where's Connie?"
"She's with me."
"Where's the package?"
"In the trunk," Robbie thought for a couple of moments.
"OK...Gary....drive slowly down the street but don't stop, that will distract them, take them then Pat....nice and quiet. Gary....park the car, leave Connie there and join us at the back of the building. Once we're ready we go in coordinated....flashbangs first.....I have the control for the claymores. Any questions.........no?.....let's go."
.
Several minutes later the two guards were tied, gagged and bundled into the back of one of the Suburbans out on the street.
Robbie felt the adrenaline running, "on my count we go.....three..two...one."
.
Flashbangs have a very specific use, they go off with an eardrum splitting noise and a flash that temporarily blinds anyone in their vicinity. Two going off at once in a relatively small space can be devastating. It was obvious that a major drug deal was going down in the factory. The two groups faced each other across two tables that had been pulled together in the middle of the space. On one table a suitcase full of keys of drugs and on the other a suitcase full of cash. One of the men had slit open one of the packages and was in the process of chemically testing the product for purity, the others were standing facing each other alert for any danger. The Flashbangs disoriented them all, filling the space with clouds of light grey smoke. One of the men lifted his weapon only to be cut down quietly by a suppressed MP5, two more looked around in surprise lifting their weapons only to be dropped in the same manner. Two more exited through the front of the building while three took off out the back. Robbie gave them five seconds and then activated the transmitter in his hand. The noise of the claymores exploding rang all around and within the building. Rick shouted out in Spanish,
"Drop your weapons everyone or we shoot," there was a momentary silence then the clatter of weapons being dropped on the concrete floor.
"There's only four here," yelled Robbie sprinting towards the office. He went through the door on the fly. Coming to his feet he was faced with two men, one carrying a suitcase, the other with an automatic weapon pointed right at him."
"Stop right there," the man with the suitcase, "what the fuck is going on? drop the gun." The window behind the man with the gun quietly splintered and his head literally exploded in front of Robbie. Robbie lifted up his weapon.
"Give me the case and get down on your stomach with your hands behind your head........... everything under control?" he yelled towards the back. Rick came through the door on the run, MP5 slung across his chest, handgun in hand.
"I think that's the lot, Boss," he said slightly out of breath, "we've got four of 'em tied up in the back, two tied up out front, three dead plus three more dead out back.....they got caught by the Claymore as they tried to get through the fence, you've got these two here but I think a couple must have got away, I saw them heading out the front."
"I saw them too but I didn't hear a vehicle. Have a quick look outside Rick but be careful....we've been lucky so far......they might not have done a runner, they could cause us a lot of trouble"
.
The man was tied tightly to a cafeteria chair, wrists and ankles bound with plastic ties.
"That's a lot of money in the suitcase, Senor Gutierez, "said Robbie conversationally.
"What the hell is going on?" he answered, "who the hell are you guys and what do you want? it's obvious you want something or you'd be long gone by now with the dough and the coke....I'm not stupid you know." Robbie pulled up a plastic chair and sat right in front of him.
"You're right....we certainly don't want the drugs although I'm sure we can put the cash to good use, what we do want is some information."
"...and you think you're going to get anything out of me?" Gutierez spat back.
"Yes I do...it's very simple.....you were about to buy drugs.......what were you going to do with them, where were they going, where is O'Brian?"
"Fuck off....I'm not telling you anything and I've never even heard of anyone called O'Brian."
"Senor Gutierez, we're not going to torture you. We're not going to pull out your fingernails or subject you to some sort of water torture." Robbie pulled out his cell phone and dialed a number.
"Send me the pictures now please." He waited a few minutes and then showed the photographs to Gutierez on the small screen.
"This is your daughter isn't it? If you ever want to see her again you'll tell me everything I want to know or she will suffocate to death and no one will ever find her." He looked at his watch, "she has air for about another hour!"
.
Rick came back into the room a puzzled expression on his face.
"I've placed Pat and Declan outside at either end of the street, they'll let us know if we have company but there's something weird going on, come and have a look." They went back into the front office. Rick pointed at the dead guy with the destroyed head.
"Who shot him, Robbie, and what was he shot with that would do so much damage? also he was shot from outside and through the window, somebody's a hell of a shot," before Robbie could answer, "it gets worse....come outside." Two bodies were lying by the side of the road, "these are the two runners, both killed by head shots.....look at the heads, Robbie."
"There's only one weapon I've seen that does that much damage and that's a Barrett sniper rifle, we've got company and he's very good!"
.
"So you transport the coke to Senor Arana, where's he at?" Gutierez sat there not saying a word. Robbie looked at his watch, "you're running out of time my friend or at least your daughter is." Gutierez looked at him balefully.
"Tapachula, over the border in Mexico."
"...and how does that work," asked Robbie looking at his watch again.
"We use migrant workers to carry the stuff over the border in small quantities."
".......and......?"
"They drop it off at a coffee plantation in the foothills outside of town."
"...and this Senor Arana, where does he live?"
"Arana is his nickname and he lives on the plantation, now let my daughter go."
"What's the plantation called?"
"Café de Chiapas.........what about my daughter?
"She was let go about half an hour ago.....unlike some we don't involve kids." Rick walked over and stood in front of Gutierez.
"Recognize me?" he asked.
"Should I?"
"I was here a few days ago with my friend Julio. You missed me but you had him killed in front of the hotel."
Gutierez was quiet as Connie walked into the warehouse followed by a cloud of cigar smoke.
"Pablo Gutierez......... I'd like you to meet Julio's mother, Connie!"


Chapter 35
The rhythms of a working farm continue no matter what. Horses still have to be put out and brought in daily, they still have to be fed and shod and in some cases exercised. Stalls still have to be mucked out and tack cleaned. Barns have to be kept clean and the phones ring incessantly.....owners, farriers, vet, salesmen.......on and on, non-stop. Connor Moylan had disappeared off the face of the earth. All his personal stuff was still in the house including his personal laptop and his mobile phone.
Jen was being run ragged, many of the mares had been returned to the farm after having been bred back so, by now, the barns were almost full. Judith and Marianne were being kept busy except now they were being helped by Kate as Margaret no longer needed help in the kitchen. Terry had taken to regularly patrolling the property using the ATV, he never went out without his shotgun. Some days were really crazy, hay might be delivered or feed although the worst was owners who chose to visit their horses without any warning or appointment, demanding attention.
"I heard from Robbie," said George, "the plan went OK and nobody got hurt....at least none of our guys."
"So what's happening now?" asked Jen.
"They've split up now, that was one of the contingencies. We had Tico Air standing by in Guatemala City and Drew had moved the boat down from Florida to a place called Puerto Barrios which is on the Caribbean side of Guatemala. We had to get everyone out of the country in a hurry. That many people was too conspicuous plus we had no idea where they were going to end up. By now Rick and Gary are back on the boat and are in a place called Ciudad del Carmen which is in Mexico. Connie apparently has gone back to Managua. It sounds as though she's done what she set out to do and she has her casino to run. As for Robbie, O'Rourke and Rafferty they took the truck and drove north out of Guatemala. Now they're just over the border in Mexico in some place called Ciudad Hidalgo. So everyone's out and safe.....we just need to decide what to do next."
"The security people came for Flaherty this afternoon," said Jen, "now we have to decide what to do with Vivien. She's into withdrawal now and we neither have the skills or the time to deal with it. David says he can move her and get her looked after but there's a raft of charges building up against her. George...what do you think about this Moylan business?"
"I think he must have been another source of information for Callahan, the timing is all too coincidental."
"Do you think Vivien and him were working together?"
"She might not have known about him you know. It would have been smart to keep them insulated from each other. The best I can come up with is our picking up of Flaherty and Vivien scared him off."
"I suppose we're going to have to start looking for another manager, even without everything else it's developed into a full time job and there's no way Terry can handle it now. Also, at some point in time, we're going to be building new offices and that will involve all of us."
"You're quite right, darling, I suppose we might as well start the ball rolling."
The following morning Terry and one of the exercise boys finished what had become a morning routine, necessary but very time consuming considering they were short staffed. They had inspected every paddock for barbed wire and any other items that might injure a horse once they were put out. Unfortunately Bailey's Ride had had to be put down and the insurance company was making some very ominous noises.
He dropped the lad off at the barn and decided to take a turn in the ATV down towards the river. It was still very early in the day, the sun not yet up over the trees, a light mist just hanging in the low lying areas. He motored slowly down the laneway between two paddocks, taking his time, looking at fences and gates for damage and checking the troughs for water. He enjoyed this time of the day, alone with his thoughts, his only company the quiet rumble of the ATV, the countryside only just coming awake.
Although alert he was at peace with his lot. He was concerned about what was going on at the farm with Mr. George and Ms. Jennie. He was committed to do all in his power to protect them and his own wife Margaret. His eye was taken by an unnatural movement in the long grass no more than fifty yards in front of the ATV. He reached for the shotgun and slowly motored towards the spot.
The last thing he saw was the muzzle flash in the grass, his last thought was what Margaret was going to do without him? He slumped off the side of the machine which, still being in gear, slowly continued on until it ran into the fencing and stalled. A figure in full camo and wearing a military style ghillie suit that matched the long grass got to his knees in the quiet. Suddenly a red mist appeared around his head and he fell back into the grass. It took at least a second for the crack of the rifle to catch up with the round that had hit him in the back of the head.
"That sounded like a rifle shot," said George sitting up in bed, "sounded like it came from down by the river." He got up and quickly dressed. Downstairs Margaret was getting the breakfast things together.
"Where's Terry, Marg?" he asked.
"He took the ATV down towards the river Mr. George, said he was going to check the fences after he dropped one of the lads off at the barn." George ran out of the house and set off at a jog down the laneway between the paddocks the dogs following him enjoying the unscheduled early morning run.
He found Terry lying on the path, he'd taken one bullet high in the chest, 'center mass' he though abstractedly, training or luck? He could see the ATV up against the fence just a few yards further on.....stalled. The dogs were enjoying the morning chasing each other round and round in the gathering sunlight. Suddenly the tone of their barks changed and became one of warning. George walked over to where they were gathered in the long grass and almost tripped up over the body lying there. The camo and the ghillie suit made him almost invisible, the suppressed pistol lying where he'd dropped it. His head was a mess. He could see where the bullet had entered but the face was completely destroyed. The only weapon he'd ever come across that could make such a mess was a Barrett sniper rifle.
He knelt by his friend's side as the sun came up over the trees in a burst of morning light to the accompaniment of the birds in the trees and the background chatter of the river over its rocky bottom as it wound its way towards the sea, impervious to the life and tragedies on its banks.
The churchyard was still save for the rooks accompanying the silence from the ancient Oaks lining this little hallowed piece of England. The bugler slowly lifted his bugle to his lips.
There is something evocative about the sound of the Last Post, the notes reverberating off the 13th century walls of the church, the sound of flags flapping in the slight breeze, the odd embarrassed cough from people paying their last respects.
George, Jennie and Margaret Iredale stood by the graveside looking at the coffin draped with the Union Flag....... on the other side an honor guard provided by the 1st Parachute Regiment. The dying notes echoed into the distance as Terry was lowered into the ground. The silence was shattered by the shots fired by the honor guard causing the flock of rooks to soar into the sky, a black cloud against the pale blue. As the smoke drifted away the bright call of Reveille was sounded for the living .....and then it was over.
.
George sat on a bench with Jennie, a bench he'd put in place himself, looking at the marble headstone over the well tended grave. Judith Allyson McLelland-Mudd 1950-1980 was engraved into the white marble....his first wife killed in a hit and run.
"I've known Terry almost all my military life," he said almost to himself, "he was one of the originals and cheated death dozens of times in some truly God forsaken parts of the world. He died in Herefordshire, at home.....why, what's the point, what's the gain?" He shook his head..."so many of my friends now gone....just Robbie and I left."
"We've no choice but to focus on the living," said Jennie quietly, "we do what we have to do. We know who's involved so we deal with it then we look after the living and that includes Margaret."
"You're absolutely right, darling, I know that. We can't take our eyes off the ball but you're wrong in one respect. We know most of who's involved but now we have a new player....the sniper, a sniper that was in both Guatemala and here in England or is it two different people, who is he and what's he up to? beats me." He shook his head.
.
"His name was Sean Cadell," said David Rowden, "he was identified by his finger prints. Of late he's been into petty crime, primarily in and around Birmingham, but before that he was a bit of a shooter. He's ex-military, Irish Guards actually, but years ago he jumped ship to the other side. We eventually caught up with him in Belfast and he ended up doing time in the Maze.....same block as Flaherty and Aiden Callahan so the connection is a reasonable jump. We never found the bullet that killed him but our experts in London agree with you that the odds are good it was a round from a Barrett sniper rifle. Having said that we've absolutely no idea where the shot came from or who did the shooting......bloody mystery. The handgun we found had the numbers etched out and the only prints were those of Cadell."
"So we're no further ahead," said Jennie to no one in particular, "and Terry's dead," the tears running down her face.
"The answer's in Mexico," said George, "I need to talk to Robbie............ David, you need to ensure that Flaherty and Vivien are safe and protected."


Chapter 36
"We're going to stand out down here like a sore thumb," said Robbie running his finger down the outside of the frosted glass, "we gotta be the only gringos for miles around."
"You've got that right," said Rick, "we can't just go charging around down here we might as well take an ad out in the local papers telling everyone we're here. What we need are some eyes and ears in Tapachula. Hopefully we can hang out down here for a while without the word getting out, when and if we have to move we could do it at night, it's going to be tough though."
"I think it's time I spoke to Hector," said Robbie, "but I'll talk to George first. In the meantime we keep a really low profile here."
.
O'Brian sat in his chair on the wide verandah watching the dust swirl around the yard in the light breeze coming down the mountain. The woman, who helped around the house every day, had just left together with the young Indian girl that periodically looked after his other more physical needs. Sometimes he wondered how the beat up old truck they used managed to get to his place and back. It seemed to be held together with bailing wire, missed both fenders on the front and belched clouds of blue smoke incessantly, you could hear it coming a mile down the road.
He had often been alone before but never had he felt lonely. Now he felt trapped; trapped in the chair, trapped in this God forsaken place with the feeling he was being squeezed. He rarely had visitors other than the more legitimate pick ups of coffee and the less than legitimate deliveries that came by way of the migrant workers. His only contact with the outside world was through his satellite phone and carefully encrypted e-mails. He was careful with the use of the Satphone knowing that most of the security forces in the world had the technology to listen in to his conversations should they so choose. Legitimate sales were all handled electronically and the cash business was handled by Callahan in London. Right now most of the cash was being used to fund the operation against the Mudds but they would have to organize something else as soon as that operation was concluded and he would quickly have a need for cash in Mexico to fund purchases. Too much going on and he was stuck in this goddamn chair.
He'd just heard that Gutierez had been found dead in a warehouse in Guatemala City, apparently his death had been slow and painful. Gutierez had been his principle contact down south and now he would have to break in someone new. He'd also just received a disconcerting e-mail from Callahan telling him that Flaherty had disappeared and one of the local shooters, a chap called Cadell that O'Brian remembered from his military days, had been shot. Fuck.....he hated this.....sitting in this bloody chair, miles from anywhere and feeling powerless, totally reliant on Callahan and what money could buy.
He felt reasonably secure on the farm. He'd made a point of spreading money around locally. He knew he was known locally as La Arana, The Spider, but he'd made a point of funding a new well in the village and helping out people who had absolutely nothing. He'd also made a particular point of demonstrating what happened to people who didn't pay him the respect he thought he deserved, he felt like some Mafioso Don in a remote Sicilian village. He was confident he would hear of any strangers showing up but concluded that he needed to add to his security by adding a couple of full time guys whose duties would have nothing to do with the production of coffee.
.
"My name is Pasquale Roberto Moreno, my friends call me Paco." He was of medium height, broad shouldered wearing a check shirt, jeans and work boots, he and O'Rourke sat in a sidewalk café in Hidalgo ostensibly two friends enjoying a beer.
Robbie, O'Rourke and Rafferty had slowly been going stir crazy waiting for someone to show up to give them a hand but well aware of keeping a low profile. Only one of them ever left the motel at a time and they ate in most of the time. They'd been there over a week but Robbie had spoken to George several times and was well aware of what was going on.
"My English is no so good," said Paco haltingly.
"Better than my Spanish," said O'Rourke, "it's non-existent. So what's your story, Paco...how much do you know?"
"I work for Panamerican Enterprises in Mexico City, my boss is Trevor Pan, Hector Pan's son. My training is with the.....in Spanish.....Cuerpo de Fuerzas Especiales......the Mexican Special Forces. Now I work in logistics reporting directly to Trevor but right now, at this minute, I'm working for a local trucking company operating out of Tapachula International Airport doing pick up and delivery. I have been instructed to provide you with any help you might need. You must have a very strong relationship as I was instructed to provide absolutely anything...from information to weapons, I was also instructed to trust your group implicitly and keep my mouth shut."
.
Robbie was lying on the bed watching the tiny lizard crawl across the ceiling.
"I think we're going to have to hang around for a few more days yet. This Paco guy sounds like one tough fella...ex Special Forces. He's going to bring us some equipment and he figures a couple of days to get the intel we need however he feels we should move and move now. He suggests we go up to a dump called Cacahoatan. There's a couple of motels there but he doesn't think we'd be there long, two to three days at the most. Keeps him low profile too as apparently its part of his truck route.......so we move tomorrow.....it's not far."
.
"I'm sorry you had to wait so long," said Paco "but I had to wait to do a pick up at the farm. That is definitely the place and it's for sure the guy you're looking for except he's in a wheelchair. He has a nickname, they call him La Arana which is Spanish for Spider, his real name is Cahill."
"Actually, his real name is O'Brian," said Robbie "and it was me that put him in the wheelchair, I should've killed him when I had the chance........Terry would still be alive. How do we get to him, Paco? it's time to finish the job."
"You can't just drive up there and shoot him," said Paco smiling. "Firstly he has all the local villagers on side either through money he's spread around or sheer intimidation plus there's only one road up to the farm. You couldn't get anywhere near the place without him knowing about it. As far as I could see he has two bodyguards there but the workers are migrant so I doubt they would get involved. There is a woman that goes up every day to look after the house and cook for him. A couple of times a week she takes a young girl with her for obvious reasons....I don't have the details," he added smiling, "they use a beat up old truck to get up there, it's about thirty clicks and takes about an hour as the road is just dirt and not well travelled. I had a long conference call with my boss Hector Pan and your Mr. George in England and they have come up with a plan. Everything revolves around being able to get away with at least one day's head start which is what it will take. Anything less and we could well spend the rest of our lives in a Mexican prison which is not highly recommended. I have everything you're going to need with me in the truck outside courtesy of Trevor, Hector's son."
"When do we get out of this shithole?" asked O'Rourke. "I'm sick of being bitten by bedbugs, flees and God knows what else plus the food here is giving me the runs!"
"We leave late tomorrow afternoon. You'll leave the Toyota here and the keys with me. I will drive you to a kick off point using my truck. Once I've dropped you off I will dump my truck and drive back to Tapachula in the Toyota. It's all in the timing and your ability to cross twelve clicks of mountainous terrain, at about seven thousand feet, and arrive at first light. The route we have mapped on the GPS's I have in the truck will bring you out on a ridge behind the farm and slightly to the East....the sun will be at your back. After that you're on your own other than calling me in when you're finished.....I will pick you up at the farm, you must also remember to destroy any communications equipment, like I said before we need the head start or we're dead."
"What about the woman that drives up there every day?" asked Robbie.
"The day after tomorrow her truck's not going to start.....nobody's coming."
.
"Jesus H Christ I have a stitch," gasped O'Rourke. They were lying just below the crest of a ridge overlooking the finca. The sun was not yet up and a cool breeze blew down the mountainside behind them.
"There was a time when we could do that and then go for a run just for the hell of it," said Robbie quietly eyes glues to the binoculars.
"It's bloody cold too."
"We're pretty high up here, Pat....it's pretty warm during the day and cold at night.....kinda like the desert."
"We're getting too old for this type of crap," said Rafferty "it didn't sound too bad the way Paco described it. Ten years ago it would've been a doddle....I thought I was going to croak in some of those ravines. What can you see, Robbie?"
"Not much yet, need a bit more light. There's the main house and some outbuildings, doesn't look as though they've guards outside. There's a bunch of shacks on the other side but Paco said they were for the workers. He's sure that, at any sign of trouble, they're going to bolt as most of them are illegal anyway, the border's not too far away. We need to know where everybody is, particularly the two guards.......maybe there's more and Paco just didn't make them."
"I think we should move in closer before it gets any lighter," suggested Rafferty, "there's dead ground in that gully to the side of the main house."
"You're right," whispered Robbie, "it looks as though it swings back behind the house too although it gets shallower....we could probably cover two sides of the house from down there. Let's get down there now.....quietly and quickly....sun'll be up in a few minutes."
.
Within minutes the sun rose up behind the ridge to their rear warming their backs as they lay in the gully only about seventy five yards from the house. They had split up with O'Rourke moving down the gully so as he could see the other side of the house.
"There's a door on this side," he whispered into his throat mike, "but I don't think it's the main door that must be on the other side.....hang on someone's coming out.....heads up." It was as though the rising of the sun acted as an alarm clock. Grey smoke started to rise from one of the shacks and a couple of laborers headed towards an outhouse that had previously been out of sight. "It's one of the guards, Robbie, he's carrying an MP5 and a sidearm in his belt......bugger looks half asleep."
"Can you take him out quietly and then get a peek in one of the windows, we need to know what the inside layout is like."
"Bit risky, Robbie, if the other guy comes out we're screwed, if he makes a noise we're equally screwed. It's bloody quiet just now."
"Not sure we have an alternative, Pat, we'll have to trust Paco's intel and go on their being just the two guards plus O'Brian in the house.....anybody else we simply ignore, where is he now?"
"You'll be able to see him in a minute he's heading your way down the verandah. There's less windows your side, easier for you to take him. Hang on.....he's stopped he's lighting a smoke....get down there right now....nail him as he comes round the corner."
Rafferty sprinted across the seventy five yards and rolled under the verandah just as O'Rourke whispered in his ear, "he's moving again, weapon is slung over his shoulder, he's not overly alert."
He never stood a chance. As he moved around the corner, cigarette dangling out of the corner of his mouth, Rafferty came up behind him like a wraith. Within seconds he was unconscious, disarmed, bound and gagged and rolled under the verandah. Rafferty took a quick peek over a window sill and then sank back.
"One main room, one other guard making coffee, MP5 is on the table but I can't make out a sidearm, I think O'Brian is still in bed. I recommend we simply rush the place, go in through the two doors, surprise should do it for us."
"OK...on my count....one in the back, one in the front, can't give them time to wonder about the guard outside. I'll follow through the back....you guys ready? three...two.....one."
As Robbie charged across the open ground he heard the two doors crash open, followed by shouting, a single gunshot followed by the chatter of an automatic weapon.
"Man down," he heard in his earpiece as he hit the verandah. The room was a shambles, blood everywhere. O'Rourke was in the bedroom, Rafferty was on his back propped up against the wall, holding his side, blood seeping through his fingers. By the stove the second guard lay where he'd been thrown by the impact of the nine millimeter bullets and in the bedroom doorway the naked body of a young Indian girl, mouth open in surprise, blood running from the bullet holes stitched across her chest.
"Bitch must have stayed over," croaked Rafferty, "she came out shooting.....I had no choice," Robbie thumbed his cell phone,
"Come and get us now, bring the first aid kit we have a man down."


Chapter 37
"It's a through and through Declan but it's bleeding like crazy.....might have clipped your liver." Robbie was kneeling by Rafferty, he'd cut his shirt off and had applied a pressure field dressing to the wound. "Paco's on his way, he's bringing the big first aid kit but as soon as he's here we've got to be on our way. Apply as much pressure as you can...we must contain the bleeding." He walked into the bedroom where O'Rourke was covering O'Brian lying on the bed naked except for his shorts. "Get the ties on his wrists, Pat, get the chair out of here and disable it. Destroy any comms you see, look for a Satphone and any computers. Once we've done that we need to search the entire place but I'll do that. I need you to keep an eye on the road, make sure the workers have headed into the mountains and not down the road. Once you're sure get back in here and give me a hand. We don't have long, our ride will be here in less than an hour," he turned to O'Brian,
"You don't look much like a spider to me, O'Brian......Cahill......La Arana. I have to complement you on staying alive. If I'd known you were that tough I'd have killed you in Costa Rica. You and your friend Callahan have caused us a lot of trouble but the big mistake you made was killing Terry Iredale. Sorry we had to kill the girl but Declan says she came out shooting.....no choice I guess."
"Best blow job I've had in years," said O'Brian, "did she kill him?"
"No...clipped him though but we can deal with that."
.
"I just heard from Robbie," said George. They were sitting in the kitchen enjoying a late lunch, George, Jennie and Dave Rowden. "I'm afraid Declan Rafferty is hurt but we'll know more later on that score. Dave, now the ball lies in your court unless you choose to hand it over to local police. The drugs you've been chasing down, the drugs we found in Viv's room originate with O'Brian in Mexico. That little spider's web thing we found on the packaging and the tattoos...........O'Brian is known as La Arana....Spanish for The Spider. His ego tells us the method. The business is known as Café de Chiapas and has a small distribution operation in South London. The drugs are shipped in the ground coffee and then re-distributed by Callahan but it's not Callahan any more.......it's Lou Phillips."
.
Callahan lay on the flat gravel roof of a small warehouse further down the street from his own. He'd tried incessantly to get hold of O'Brian without any success. The recorded voice told him the Satphone number was not currently operational and his e-mails had gone unanswered. His gut told him O'Brian had been compromised therefore his training told him to take evasive action until he had better intelligence. He'd picked this roof carefully. It was not overlooked by any other buildings and was easily accessible via a ladder bolted to the side of the building. He'd climbed up the previous night and had been up there for over six hours now. He'd brought water with him and some granola bars plus an empty bottle in case he had to pee. He had an excellent view of the street and the entrance to his own small building. So far there had been nothing untoward, traffic was normal and, as usual, pedestrian traffic was almost non-existent being a light industrial park. He was prepared to stay there until night fell.
He was munching on a granola bar when he noticed that what little traffic there was had completely stopped. Peeking over the lip of the roof he saw that barricades had been quickly thrown up at either end of the street and were being tended by uniformed police. A truck was disgorging armed men in black jumpsuits who were taking up positions across from his building. He assumed the same thing was happening at the back although it was out of sight. He watched the normal protocols of the raid unfold in front of him, the Flashbangs, the simultaneous entries then the ominous quiet. He watched a man in plain clothes walk across the street and enter the building. He recognized him......Major Dave Rowden! He hunkered down for the long wait for nightfall.
.
Three buildings further up, from a rooftop on the other side of the street, a black clad figure watched Callahan settle down for his long wait......the watcher being watched.
.
The Toyota Land Cruiser bounced down the dusty unpaved road. Paco was driving as fast as he could but the bouncing was not helping Rafferty.
Paco had arrived within forty minutes. He'd brought with him a complete change of clothes for everyone plus duffle bags that contained clothes and souvenirs that made them look like tourists should they be stopped. The problem of course was Declan Rafferty. They'd given him morphine that had sent him off to sleep but the wound continued to bleed.
"This bouncing is going to kill him if we don't slow down," shouted Robbie over the noise of the engine.
"Once we get out of Tapachula and on our way the road is pretty good. We only have another ten minutes or so of this."
"Where are we headed?" asked Pat.
"The other side of the country," said Paco, "we have about a twelve hour drive, that's why we needed the head start. Mr. George moved his boat to a place called Ciudad del Carman on the Caribbean. By the time anyone knows what's going on we'll be outside the two hundred mile limit."
"You're kidding me," said Pat.
"No," said Robbie, "we're meeting Rick and Gary with the boat and Drew the skipper who we've never met. We'll sail to Nassau where Paco will leave us, we then have the option of flying back to London or taking a few days off and sailing back to England, via the Azores, which was the original plan for the boat before all this shit happened."
"Are we going to be able to get Declan some help?" asked Pat.
"The risks are too great, Pat," answered Robbie, "with a gunshot wound they're going to hold us all. It would only be a matter of time before they tied us to O'Brian, with cooperation and some digging they could probably tie you to Guatemala and me to Costa Rica last year. We all knew the risks, we all had the opportunity to back out...we'll do our best for him." As soon as they were out of Tapachula the road became blacktop and smoothed out, there was hardly any traffic so Paco was making good time. They had stopped for a few minutes to allow Robbie to re-bandage Declan's wound and it was then he noticed the severe bruising all around his side.
"The bullet clipped his liver," he said quietly, "I've seen it before. He's bleeding badly internally, if we don't get him medical attention quickly he won't make it."
"How much time do you think we have?" asked Paco getting back into the driver's seat.
"Two, perhaps three hours," said Robbie.
"I would say that the closest hospital that could help him is in Mexico City. Even under ideal conditions we couldn't get him there in time...we have to face facts Robbie," said Paco, "this far south the most they might have is a clinic with a local doctor, Declan needs a lot more than that."
"I've known Declan most of my life," said Pat, "he would want you to keep going and so do I. I'll keep him as comfortable as I can, perhaps I can keep him under with the morphine we have left. Get going....we've a long way to go still."


Chapter 38
"I have some bad news," said George quietly, "Declan Rafferty didn't make it, he died before they got to the boat."
"That's two good guys and friends that have died because of O'Brian and Callahan," said Jennie quietly, "hopefully that's an end to it."
"Apparently they've got his body on the boat. They're out of Mexican waters now so I've suggested they bury him at sea. As far as I know he has no living relatives. I spoke to Pat O'Rourke and we agreed there's no way we could risk trying to get him into the country and then burying him in Ireland. Apparently the Mexican, Paco, is going to get off in Nassau, he'll fly back to Mexico City from there but everyone else has opted to come back with the boat, I think they fancy the idea of a rest and some peace and quiet."
"What about O'Brian?" asked Jennie.
"All I know is he's dead, Jen. My attitude just now is that what I don't know doesn't hurt me," Jennie nodded her understanding. "Paco assured Robbie that the local authorities will not want to get involved and will simply put it down to more drug war."
"What are they doing about Callahan?"
"Well, it really shouldn't take long. They know he's been functioning as Lou Phillips. One of the computers they found in the warehouse was a mine of information once they got through the cryptography so, according to Dave, they're rolling up the drug operation. The security services will find him and that will be an end to it."
"What about Viv?"
"I think we can get the charges dropped against her. There's no doubt she got sucked in way over her head, Jen, and, in the end, she turned Queen's Evidence. We will probably have to assume some sort of responsibility for her and get her into rehab as soon as we can. I see no reason why Kate and the girls can't go home to Gloucester tomorrow and we can get life back onto an even keel."
"Not so sure about the 'even keel' bit," said Jen laughing, "we need a new farm manager quickly and Margaret is going to need some help. I've asked her to move into this house with us now so we have to decide what to do with the Lodge."
"Why don't we turn the Lodge into the offices for Mudd Securities?" said George. "We'll need the new house for a farm manager still and it's better than leaving it empty, save a ton of money too. Now that I'm home I can muck in and help wherever necessary. Robbie should be back within two weeks and I'm sure we can talk O'Rourke into hanging around for a bit while we get things squared away."
"You're trying to tell me we're getting back to normal?" asked Jennie laughing. "You bugger off to buy a boat from Hector Pan and the next thing I know we're in a war zone. The only good thing that's happened is that we have a chance to bring Viv back into the family. I just hope it's worth the expense."
"Ready for bed?"
George sat on the window seat, hands around his second cup of coffee of the day, contemplating the vast expanse of lawn at the front of the house and wondering how they kept the lines so straight when it was mowed, Robbie and Jen were just finishing their breakfast. On the surface things seemed to be getting back to normal. Kate and the kids had gone back to Gloucester with their dad, in fact they'd been gone for over a week now. The boat had arrived safely and was now moored down on the Solent. Drew had stayed aboard to supervise the maintenance, Quang had gone back to Vancouver and the two minders, Rick and Gary, were visiting friends and family. O'Rourke had come back to the farm to pitch in whilst they were short staffed. Work had already been started on the Lodge converting the downstairs into a suite of offices for Mudd Securities and the upstairs into a spacious, two bedroom apartment. Robbie and O'Rourke were staying in the manager's house for the time being, it being empty. Robbie was busy managing the business and was probably going to have to leave shortly to deal with some issues in Bandar. O'Rourke had undertaken responsibility for the farm security although they had reduced the threat level considerably.
"Anything in the mail this morning on the 'manager front' Jen?" he asked.
"Absolutely nothing, George, we might have to consider widening our field of advertising. We've received some applications, as you know, but nothing that really lights my fire. The barns are full now. Thankfully the weather has improved to the extent we can leave some of the horses out now...they can use the loafing sheds but we're still getting enquiries. I'm loath to take any more on without a new business plan, which might well include another barn, and certainly not without a manager."
"How's Viv this morning?" They had posted a bond for Vivien and had undertaken to handle her rehab at home in, what had become for her, familiar surroundings. To this extent they had hired a nurse who specialized in the field.
"She's over the worst, George. The 'withdrawal' part was pretty scary but she seems to be over that now. She's going to need some psychological help soon as apparently it's a bit like being an alcoholic. I'm also going to investigate whether or not there's some group therapy available in Hereford. The nurse felt it would be good for her going forward." George came over and sat at the table.
"I was talking to David this morning, he's back in Ledbury now. Apparently they've rolled up the entire drug ring. It was quite widespread....in Leeds, Newcastle, Liverpool and Birmingham. Interestingly they'd kept it out of London. All the more local gangs were exactly that.....local but the people that Callahan used specifically seem to be all Irish and were involved, at some time or other, with either Callahan or O'Brian and thereby lies the problem. There is absolutely no sign of Callahan or some of his closer associates, of course they might have slipped out of the country and then, of course, they might not."
"I find it difficult to accept that he would come this far and then simply walk away," said Jen pensively.
"I agree with you, Jen....we would be stupid to let our guard down. Interestingly David told me that when they raided the warehouse they found no cash neither did they find any when they raided his home in Croydon. Obviously his activities, as they relate to us, need funding therefore he either has a stash that we don't know about or he's done a total runner which I don't believe for one moment."


Chapter 39
His life seemed to have become colored in various shades of green. He'd come in over the river and had spent the first night building himself an observation post that was virtually impossible to see, you'd have to fall into it to know it was there. He'd picked the spot carefully with a view to sight lines that covered two sides of the main house, part of the new manager's house and right across the front of the property to the Lodge and the main gates. He was up on a knoll that gave him a slight elevation advantage but sufficiently off the beaten path for discovery to be almost impossible........unless he made a mistake. He'd originally got onto the property by mingling with the men working on the Lodge. He'd been fortunate enough to having been able to locate Terry's plan of the alarm system, that network of motion detectors and infra red detectors that protected the farm. Simple really, he'd found the plan in Terry's desk in an office to be converted into a reception area, lucky in retrospect. Now, for the fifth consecutive night, he lay in the hide and observed the farm through his night vision goggles.
Everything in his sight was in various shades of green except for the bright flashes of light as lights were turned on in one or other of the buildings. He periodically had to take them off as his face would begin to itch. Luckily the nights were still cool and he was protected from both the rain and any wind by his carefully camouflaged post.
He was bored. Access to the observation post was easy once it was dark but someone finding his vehicle was always a concern. He made a point of leaving just before first light which seemed to coincide with the first horses being put out in the paddocks. He'd already ascertained that George Mudd, Robbie McElroy and Jennie Mudd were on the property plus he'd been able to make out someone else who seemed to be sharing the new house with McElroy. He'd seen David Rowden leave late one evening but hadn't seen him since, he deduced therefore that he was back in Ledbury and had only been visiting. Had he been there during the day he would have been aware of the presence of Vivien Plowright and the temporary nurse.
Slowly the lights in the buildings clicked off and he adjusted the goggles accordingly. Eventually he was left with a low glow from the night lights in one of the barns, everything else was shades of green with darker shades, almost black, of the shapes of the buildings. He settled down surrounded by the night sounds, the chuckling of the shallow river to his rear and the breeze rattling the branches above his head. He flicked on the infrared capability of the night vision goggles and was rewarded by the recognizable shapes of horses in the paddocks. He slowly panned his entire field of vision checking the ability of the goggles to recognize shapes. He estimated that the range was approximately three hundred and fifty yards for specific recognition but simple heat blooms were discernible at over a thousand. He checked the luminous hands of his watch....a little after midnight and then ensured that his phone was on vibrate. It was time to check in.
"Alpha One, Alpha One, radio check." Two clicks in his ear told him the system was working fine .
"Looks like everyone has gone to bed." Again two clicks in his ear. He settled down for another night of watching.....biding his time......waiting......fighting the desire to fall asleep.
Time passes slowly on watch at night but he was comfortable with it now. This was the fifth night. Shapes no longer moved, nudged by his imagination, sounds were normal above the background, the rustle of some small night hunter in the undergrowth, the clumping of hoofs from the closest barn, the occasional whinny of a horse left out to pasture. Only once or twice a night the rumble of a vehicle passing the main gates five hundred yards to his front could be heard. Every now and again the swoosh of a hunting owl would startle him and he wondered at their design that caused them to be so quiet. He lay there mentally reminiscing of the years spent in Ireland, of the hundreds of hours lying in a similar situation, danger all around, waiting for the enemy. He looked at his watch, almost four in the morning....another half hour or so and he should be making to move back across the river to his vehicle.
.
George awoke with a start, the room was pitch black. He looked at the glow of the radio clock on the bedside table.....almost four in the morning. Jen lay naked on her side one arm resting across his chest. She had kicked off the single sheet sometime during the night and was now in a deep sleep....she seemed to have a slight smile on her face as her breasts rose and fell to the rhythm of her breathing.
What had woken him? In the jungle it had been a change in the rhythm of things, a sudden silence when there should be noise. On the boat it had been a sudden wind shift or a noise out of place but in his bedroom next to his wife with whom he'd just spent a relatively noisy few hours? The hair prickled on the back of his neck. He gently lifted Jen's arm of his chest and placed it by her side. Getting out of bed he slipped on his jeans, a sweatshirt and his Timberland shoes. Taking his Sig and his cell phone out of the nightstand drawer he quietly let himself out of the bedroom closing the door behind him. The house itself seemed to be in a deep sleep. He quietly opened Viv's bedroom drawer, she was fast asleep, the covers pulled right up to her chin, he carefully closed the door behind him. He stood on the landing outside of Margaret's room. He could hear her snoring steadily obviously fast asleep. Robbie and O'Rourke were in the other building. He stood at the head of the stairs, head cocked, every sense attuned to whatever it was that had woken him up......nothing.....he soundlessly started downstairs.
.
"We have visitors," the watcher whispered into his throat mike, "I make three targets approaching the front of the house although I can only see part of the front from here plus I make just one coming from the back." He activated the infrared on his goggles, "I can make out two to be armed they are well within range the other two are not within recognition range yet." Two clicks acknowledged his transmission. "They've all stopped at the same time, they're obviously in communication with each other, they seem to be waiting." He slipped off the goggles and picked up the heavy rifle by his side. Turning on the 5x combo infrared night sight he looked through the telescope. "OK...now I can see them all distinctly. All four are carrying automatic weapons......... dark coveralls, baseball caps. All four are kneeling....they're waiting for something. Three are at the edge of the front lawn and one is at the corner of the main barn." His earpiece chirped in his ear.
"I will make the call now. Should firing start you are cleared to use deadly force."
"Roger that," whispered the watcher. He mentally calibrated the wind although at this range it was less of an issue. He flicked the control bezel on the sight to infrared and held on the man kneeling at the back of the house.
.
George eased himself down the wide staircase the Wilton runner absorbing any sound, he stopped at the bottom as his phone vibrated in his pocket.
"You have four tangos outside, three in the front, one in the back," the voice whispered in his ear then rang off. More like five he decided...I think there's one already in the house, who the bloody hell was that? he thought.
He gave no further attention to who had made the call, that was for later, now his every sense strained, reaching out for the intruder. Placing his feet carefully, slowly putting his weight down mindful of the ancient flooring, he worked his way across the paneled hallway towards the study. The door was slightly ajar, he went in low and fast his gun panning across the room. The room was as empty as they had left it the previous evening. He was highly aware of the slight noise he had made when entering and stood immobile letting his heart rate settle and trying to control his breathing.
He carefully worked his way down the hallway, back to the wall, mindful of where he put his feet. The thought ran through his mind that there were too many bloody rooms and that the intruder could be anywhere. He came to the breakfast room door which was closed. He carefully opened the door and quickly and silently slid into the room. He felt the muzzle of the handgun cold and hard against the side of his head.
"Stop.....drop the gun.....don't say a word." The voice was lilting and almost conversational, he dropped the gun. "Walk over to the fireplace and sit in the leather chair to the left." As he sat down the shape bent down, picked up his gun, removed the magazine, ejected the round in the chamber, placed everything on the sideboard on the other side of the room and turned on a table lamp lighting the room with a soft rosy glow.
"Sergeant George Mudd, Military Cross and Bar, DSO etc. etc. etc. Late of the SAS and the 1st Parachute Regiment etc.etc.etc." he said quietly.
"You'll never get out of here you know, Callahan," said George.
"Maybe...maybe not...not sure that it matters really," said Callahan," but you'll be gone, then I'll deal with your wife upstairs and one of my men will deal with McElroy in the other house." He stood there, on the other side of the fireplace, gun hanging loosely in his hand.
"O'Brian's dead you know," said George, "Robbie killed him which is something he should have done last year when he had the chance. He'll probably kill you too for killing his friend Pa'an in Costa Rica."
"Not a chance ,George, nobody knows we're here and we have the entire farm covered. It's only a shame that Rowden isn't here but I'll deal with him later. You all have to pay for Aiden. Say goodbye, George Mudd.....and good riddance."
.
The shot hurled him out of the chair and onto the hardwood floor. His body lay there, blood darkly pooling on the ancient boards. He felt this heat in his chest slowly rising towards his head. He thought of Jennie lying upstairs......then nothing.
The muffled sound of the shot in the house reached the watcher up on the knoll. He swiftly scanned the intruders, they hadn't moved as though waiting for instructions. His mind registered the fact that there must have been five of them and one had slipped by and into the house but what about the alarms? that was for later. His headset chirped.
"You are cleared to engage."
He brought the night sight back on to the figure kneeling by the corner of the main barn, registering the fact that the breeze had dropped. The figure showed as bright orange and yellow as the infrared picked up the heat emissions. He squeezed the trigger. The big rifle bucked in his hands, the suppressor doing its job. Nothing would have been heard more than twenty feet from his position. He watched the target flip over backwards not knowing what had happened to him his weapon clattering to the tarmac. He immediately panned to the target furthest from him who had now stood up. He must have heard the noise from behind the barn. He saw his hand go to his own headset to warn the other two. The bullet went through his hand and through his head before he could say a word. Suddenly there were two more muffled shots from the house and lights were coming on all over. He saw the other two intruders start to run towards the house. He took one out before he'd gone thirty feet and the fourth made the mistake of pausing in the porch at the front of the house.
.
Kevin Callahan stood over George's body his back to the door his arms down by his side.
"Callahaaaaaaan!!!" The scream came from the doorway.
"Ah...the Trooper's Wife," he said slowly turning around. His jaw dropped in amazement. Jennie was in the doorway, holding a two handed shooter's stance, feet apart, knees slightly bent, the Sig Sauer steady in her hands.....she was completely naked. Her auburn hair was tousled from the pillows, her nipples erect from excitement, her breasts heaving after having run from their bedroom. He noticed that the vee between her legs was lost in the shadows and that her entire body was bathed in the golden glow cast by the one lamp. The sight cost him that split second.......that split second between life and death. As he brought his weapon up two bullets hit him in the head and he toppled over George's legs.
"That's what they call a double tap, you bastard," said Jennie, tears welling up in her eyes.


Chapter 40
He thought he heard voices and then the blackness again. He heard voices yet again but this time someone picked up his arm.....and then the blackness. His eyes seemed stuck together. He forced them open. It was quiet except for a background hum that seemed to come from a distance. He was in a strange room but all he could see was the ceiling through the gloom although there seemed to be some sort of night light on. He was parched thirsty and tried to lick his lips but his mouth was dry...... he drifted off to sleep.
.
He woke later but kept his eyes shut trying to get his bearings. It was obviously daytime as he could hear people talking and daylight was a glow through his eyelids. He tried to move but found he couldn't. He needed to pee desperately but couldn't hold it. He realized he was in bed and tried to stop the peeing waiting for the embarrassment of a soaked bed and what his mother was going to say. He forced his eyes open again and tried to focus. This time he didn't fall back asleep.
He was in a hospital room surrounded by equipment. His chest was heavily bandaged and tubes ran into his arm which was strapped down to the bed to prevent him moving, he tried to lift his head to see around the room but the effort nearly knocked him out. The sun was streaming through the windows. He noticed that he had a corner room and that there was another bed in the room. Jen was asleep, fully clothed, on top of the bed a magazine lying where it had fallen.
"Hey.....I'm thirsty," he croaked. She jumped off the bed.
"Hey, yourself," she said tears running down her cheeks, "you came back to us." She took his good hand and held it to her cheek. "I thought we'd lost you," she murmured, "several times actually........ I must get the doctor."
.
He felt better now although he still couldn't sit up. He seemed to spend most of the time sleeping. He had no concept of time. The only visitor he was allowed was Jen.
"How long have I been here?" he asked.
"This the tenth day, sweetheart," she replied.
"You gotta be kidding."
"No....at first we thought you were dead, it was Robbie that called it in. You're in a private hospital in London that caters specifically to the security services. They choppered you here immediately rather than into Hereford where too many questions would be asked. Gunshots wounds do trigger questions you know," she said smiling at him.
"What happened to Callahan?"
"I think all that can wait, George. The doctor's are saying that if we can provide the nursing care we can move you back to Eaton Bishop as now it's just a question of time. You just need time to heal and you're going to be as weak as a kitten for a long time. The bullet missed your heart by a millimeter but it did clip a lung which caused massive internal bleeding....we thought we'd lost you more than once. Let's just get you home, then we can talk."
.
The study had been fixed up like a hospital room. The bed was moved over to the huge bay window giving him an uninterrupted view of the front of the house, the lawns and the paddocks in the distance. They'd rented a heart monitor plus any other equipment the hospital thought they might need in an emergency.
He'd been refused a phone by the nurse that had been provided and who was now staying in the house. He was still bedridden but was feeling better every day. He still had the catheter but the bedpan was embarrassing.
Slowly but surely he gained enough strength for him to get into a wheelchair and at last the catheter had been removed allowing him the privacy of going to the washroom on his own. It was another two weeks before it was agreed to have some sort of a meeting to discuss what had happened.....over a month since the shooting.
.
It was a typical late Spring day in Herefordshire. It would be weeks of physio and exercise before George would be walking again but at least he was mobile in the rented power chair. He referred to it as 'Shades of O'Brian.'
They gathered in the large living room, George would have preferred the study but it was now his bedroom. Everybody was gathered.....well, at least almost everyone, George, Jennie, Robbie, O'Rourke, Viv, Margaret and Dave Rowden from Ledbury. The Commander had called saying he might be able to attend but it would be later in the day. The sun streamed through the high windows and the birds could be heard singing outside cheerfully. Everyone sat around drinking George's twenty five year old Bowmore...he was stuck with a lemonade, being banned alcohol until further notice.
"So who killed Callahan?" asked George
"I did," said Jennie, "I heard the shot upstairs, grabbed my Sig and charged downstairs. Callahan was standing over your body in the breakfast room. I shouted at him, he was so surprised he didn't react fast enough.....I shot him in the head.....double tap actually."
"Why was he so surprised? asked Dave.
"I was stark bollock naked, the last thing he ever saw were my tits."
"I should be so lucky," said George laughing. "How many of them were there and how the hell did they get onto the property without the alarms going off?"
"Took us a while to figure that one out," replied Dave, "it looks as though one of them came in with the guys working on the Lodge and disabled the system. We've already moved the control room up to the manager's house and installed a small stand alone system for the Lodge.....which, I'm told, is finished by the way."
"Aye...I've moved into the apartment upstairs and now we're looking for staff for the offices......feels good," said Robbie pouring himself another dram.
"As to how many there were there are still some unanswered questions and that's why we're still maintaining some level of security at least," said David frowning.
"I'm not following you," said George.
"O'Rourke found four bodies outside, George, two on the far side of the front lawn, one on the porch and one in the back at the corner of the main barn. They'd all been shot with a high powered rifle.....at night I should add which means some sort of sophisticated night sight and all without a sound which indicates a meaningful suppressor."
"You're kidding me," said George, surprise on his face. "That's like the guy that killed Terry, he looked as though he'd been shot by a sniper, although I did hear the shot."
"Christ George......what about the guys in Guatemala? there were three of them," said Robbie excitedly, "never heard a bloody thing and all head shots at distance."
"It's a mystery, that's what it is," said O'Rourke.
"It's more than that, Pat....someone's been covering our arse and there's only two people who could have been doing that."
.
The evening settled in, the days were still relatively short but the rhythm of the farm continued unabated. Viv was working in the barn with O'Rourke putting up the horses for the night, Robbie was down at the Lodge interviewing for the office and Margaret was hard at work in the kitchen preparing dinner. George still got very tired easily and had fallen asleep in the chair so Jen had grabbed the opportunity to catch up on the farm mail.
The crunching of tires on the gravel forecourt broke her concentration and she saw the Commander's Jag pull by the window and under the portico. She shook George's good shoulder.
"The Commander's here, George."
.
"Help yourself to a drink, Commander, I'm banned for the time being." The Commander poured himself a pretty hefty Bowmore and sat crossing his impeccably tailored legs.
"Everything getting back to normal now with you folk?" he asked.
"Seems to be," replied Jennie, "we've formally established the head office of Mudd Securities here on the farm and we've converted the Lodge to offices. The horse business is going nuts so we have some decisions to make there. We're still advertising for a new manager and we might have no choice but to build another barn."
"How about you, George?"
"Well, I've been shot before but this was a close call. It'll be months before I'm really mobile so I've temporarily let Rick and Gary go. Drew is still with the boat down on the Solent so he's kind of kicking his heels just now. We're going to have to make a decision soon I suppose but I really don't see taking the boat away this year. Suits Jen here though...means I can help out on the farm for a while. Other than that everything seems to be mopped up."
He paused for a moment, thinking, ..........."Jennie, would you mind closing the door please." Jen frowned but got up, closed the door and sat down in the window seat.
"It was you that organized the sniper wasn't it, Commander? nobody else had the necessary information or influence. At first I thought it might have been Hector Pan but there was much he didn't know so it had to be you." The Commander dug into his jacket pocket and pulled out his cell phone and keyed a speed dial.
"You can come in now, Major," he said. The door opened and in walked a Major of the 1st Parachute Regiment in uniform. Jen's mouth opened in surprise, George just sat there waiting.
"Allow me to introduce Major Connor Moylan of the 1st Para. Of course that's not his real name but he's used to it by now." He strode across the room and took George's hand.
"I'm delighted to meet you at last, Mr Mudd. I'm sorry I missed one of those bastards, if I'd been a bit sharper you'd not be in that chair." He turned to face Jennie with a smile on his face.
"Would you mind if I had my job back, Ms Jennie?"
.
.......and for the hell of it.

I hope you enjoyed my most recent effort, it was fun to write and simply gained a momentum of its own. I had no idea how it was going to finish until the last few pages.
If you enjoyed it you might also enjoy "Gema: A Trooper's Tale" and "Dire Straits: A Trooper's Tale," both also available at Smashwords or Amazon.
I've started another book which, hopefully will be finished by the Fall of 2013. I have working titles for it......perhaps "The Tenant" or even "The Trooper's Tenant," depends where the tale decides to go.


