ESCAPE TO CHALLENGE
By Don McQuinn
Published by Raven’s Call Press at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Don McQuinn
www.DonMcQuinn.com

All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is unintentional and purely coincidental.

ISBN 978-0-9847197-0-9


Escape To Challenge
Warrior Trilogy Book I
Don McQuinn


Map


To view the map at full resolution, visit: Facebook.com/MoondarkSaga


Prologue
The sleeping child stirred fitfully, one small hand reaching out from under the fur blanket as if she would hold off the things scratching, scuffling, whispering across the darkness.
Little by little the sounds grew louder, and at every gradual increase they seemed to spread, so that by the time she was fully awake, it was impossible for her to say exactly where any came from. For several long, heart-thudding moments, she listened.
Even the steady breathing of her parents on their bed against the opposite wall of the hut failed to comfort her, and the assorted sniffs and sighs of her four brothers and sisters were useless.
She’d had bad dreams before. When she cried out, everyone was angry. She bit her lip and told herself she had to be brave.
But this was no dream. The things outside—by now she was certain there was more than one—were real. The four walls that had always been her warm, safe, home-place suddenly seemed flimsy and vulnerable. Something huge and terrible stalked them, crouching to leap and rip them apart.
The image broke her nerve. She called her mother. Instead of a concerned mumble, reassuring in its waking drowsiness, coarse shouts answered from outside. Her mother was up and scrambling across to the children before her father could reach the door. Even as she was being lifted out of bed, the girl watched him, excited and very afraid, but aware. She knew he was reaching outside for the axe he kept by the chopping block.
The light of flames from a burning thatch roof played across his bare back.
Then he was coming back, shouting, holding the axe in front of him with one hand. The other hung at an angle, moving in pained jerks, the way flying ducks flopped out of the sky when a hunter’s throwing stick hit them.
Two men lunged at him with swords. One carried a torch. The light flickered across his horrible painted face. He shrieked and stumbled away as her father swung his axe. The other plunged his sword into her father.
She saw no more for a while after that, because her mother dropped her, and it hurt. She cried then. When she pushed herself to a kneeling position and opened her eyes again, her mother was lying down, making a sound she’d never heard before. Worse than that was the wet stain on her chest that grew and grew. The girl knew it was blood, because she’d seen many animals killed. It had never occurred to her that the same thing could happen to her mother. The shock of the idea stopped her tears.
A hand reached for her, and she jerked away with the instinctive quickness of a cat. Before the hand could come at her again, she was between the blood-spattered legs and out the door. A loud shout followed her, but not the man. Then she heard the screams of her brothers and sisters.
Sick with fear, she knew only that she had to be with her family.
She ran back into the hut and threw herself at the man’s legs from behind. As she did, she saw the rest of the children on the floor. They neither moved nor cried. Something deep within her told her they never would. Her father groaned. Her mother strained to get up.
She bit the man as hard as she could.
He yelled and grabbed her arm and heaved her high in the air, all the way up, level with his terrifying, painted scowl. Looking into his eyes, the only thing she saw was her own face, reflected so small she looked like a bug. When he raised his sword, it gleamed terribly, red and steel together in the firelight of the burning hut.
Another man came in, roaring, and grabbed the sword at the handle. The swordsman lowered her.
She thought he was going to give her back to her mother, and as soon as her feet touched the pounded earth of the floor, she tried to go to her. The man’s grip was unbreakable.
Her mother rose on one elbow, the other hand clawing the air in the effort to reach her child. She called her name, and then fell back.
The girl was very disappointed by that, and angered, because she was trying as hard as she could to get away from the awful, awful man, and her mother wasn’t helping. She started to cry again.
And then her mother tried to speak once more. She failed. Instead, she made a sound that pierced the girl with a spike of ice. It was a different thing, a hoarse sigh that knew no other breath would follow.
The child intuitively knew what the sound was. She stretched her own mouth until it hurt and she screamed and screamed, and nothing came.
Rough, hard hands dragged her outside. The whole village was aflame, making the night into day. Unresisting, the girl was jerked off her feet once more, tumbled into a basket strapped to the side of a mule. There were three other children in the basket with her, wild, hysterical with despair. The girl was numb, almost unaware of them. Nor was she troubled, then, by the coarse weave of the basket, so open that tiny arms and legs slipped through the gaps to chafe on the rough slats. She barely noticed as someone stuffed in yet another child and lashed down the top on their cell.
A whip cracked. The mule humped and started forward. The girl looked back at the burning village. All the huts were on fire, collapsing, fountaining sparks high in the air to be swallowed by smoke and darkness.
She couldn’t tell which one was hers.



Chapter 1
A silver blade of dawn slit the gray cloud mass to create a horizon. Gan shivered, pressing his body flatter against the graveled hilltop. The searching light seemed to bring on greater cold, as if it helped the wind find gaps in his furs to sneak through and dull his mind. The thought brought on a quick thrill of increased awareness. Nightwatchers held the camp in their hands. It was a sacred trust.
Some resented the loneliness and discomfort of Nightwatch. He was used to being alone. Long ago, he’d convinced himself it gave him time to think, to observe. More than that, he secretly relished the responsibility and the skin-prickling sense of danger when he thought of the hostile world waiting for his smallest mistake.
The first curve of the rising sun bloodied the new day, and Gan lifted his torso to make the Three-sign in the prescribed manner of his clan, right hand first touching his forehead, then to left and right of his heart. Silently, he mouthed the required words. “I greet you, the One Who Is Two, and the Father, One in All.”
He inched back from the crest, still prone. One hand carried his bow, the other assured the belt-slung sword made no noise. Once downhill, he lowered the weapons, stood up, and peeled off the fur jacket and trousers. He stretched luxuriously.
He was tall, fair-haired, lean rather than slender, with long muscles stretched across heavy bones. It was a youthful body at the edge of powerful manhood. Drawing the sword from its wooden scabbard, he began a series of limbering movements. The weapon was called a murdat. It was two feet long, including the grip with its hand-protecting metal shield. The blade widened gradually from the tip along its length like an elongated spearhead, ending with a dramatic flare at the butt. It slashed or stabbed with equal deadliness.
Lost in contemplation, he was caught unaware by the sound of another presence approaching the hillcrest from the far side. Instantly, he charged.
A shaggy, brindled gray hound peered down at him, fangs bared in what could have been laughter. Yellow eyes gleamed. “Raggar!” Gan lowered the blade, chagrined. “You surprised me, boy.”
The huge dog listened impassively, red tongue lolling. Gan realized it was alone. “Where are the others? Is someone coming?”
Raggar shifted his weight from one foreleg to the other, impatient. Gan hurriedly replaced his outer clothing and fell in behind the animal. They moved at a trot, the only sound the whisper of the winter-struck grass that came to the dog’s shoulder and the top of Gan’s thighs. A few patches of snow gleamed in shaded hollows. Sullen clouds warned winter could still strike. Nevertheless, tender green shoots struggled for sunlight, tinting the rolling land with an eager glow.
Raggar slowed, testing the air, then struck off to the right.
Gan fitted an arrow to his bow and followed, bent forward until he was not much taller than his dog. From a distance, anyone seeing his furs move through the growth could easily mistake him for one of the fearless great bears that prowled the grasslands.
They finished the climb to the top of a knoll in a crawl, side by side. A tan dog almost as large as Raggar lay there. It acknowledged them with a quick look, then resumed watching a hooded, cloaked figure on horseback in the distance.
“Good girl, Rissa,” Gan said, patting her head. The heavy tail thumped once.
The horse was small, ill-favored. It picked its way along in nervous twitches. Gan sneered. The Horse Chief would never tolerate such an animal.
From under his blouse Gan drew a silver whistle on a leather thong and put it between his teeth. When the rider was within fifteen yards, he rose, bow and arrow in hand. The rider reined in sharply. The horse reared, snorting and rolling its eyes. The whistle’s silent commands sent Raggar and Rissa running to positions at the front and flanks of the intruder. Two more dogs appeared in the distance, running flat out. They stopped at a discreet range to bar retreat.
The rider was very good. Even while fighting to control his mount, he swung in the saddle to mark the approach of the other two dogs. Once he had his horse under control, he advanced to greet Gan with both hands over his head, forefingers and thumbs forming a circle in the sun picture of peace. A heavy ring and gold bracelet glinted boldly.
When the rider was a few feet away, Gan whistled again. The dogs moved closer. “Who are you?” he demanded.
The rider threw back the hood. Shining black shoulder-length hair cascaded free to frame the fine-boned features of the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen. He caught his breath while eyes the color of summer’s hottest sky sought his, challenging. Her voice was husky. She said, “I am a War Healer. I am a Rose Priestess and my name is Sylah. I seek the camp of the Dog People.”
Her haughty pride reminded him he was staring like a dolt. He straightened. “We have our own Healers. And we are not at war, so need no others. Why should we welcome you?”
The Rose Priestess smiled. Despite her beauty, it was not a completely pleasant expression. “Because Dog People never turn away a hungry traveler. Because I have news and gossip to entertain your Elders, who would discipline a young Nightwatcher who sent me away unheard. But mostly because I bring a message from the place you call the Enemy Mountains.”
The bow jerked threateningly. “From the Devils!”
Her smile had been disturbing, like ice stilling a singing stream, but hearing the wildness of her laughter was worse. She said, “I come with their warning.” Suddenly she gestured at Gan’s weapon. “Put that away. You know I’m not to be harmed. Every hand in every tribe that prays to the One in All will be at your throat.” She waited, imperious, until he quivered the arrow, then went on. “I come from the kingdom of Ola on a mission for Church and my king. On the way, I have lived with the Mountain People, those you call Devils. The summer will bring them down from the mountains.”
She paused to swallow, and when she spoke again she was pale. “War is coming to you, as never before. The Devils mean to destroy you, to kill all who resist and carry those who survive back to the mountains for their amusement. Your living will curse your dead for their good fortune even as they watch the coyotes and magpies fight over the bodies.”


Chapter 2
The soft noises of the cave slipped through the darkness, hinting at secrets they wished to share. There were lights, as well, hundreds of them in rows, emerald dots of a cold smoldering.
One blinked. For a few seconds it was as if it had never been, and then it came on for a brief while and went out again.
It flickered spasmodically, with no rhythm, no pattern, but in the complete blackness of the place there was a desperate, struggling quality to its efforts.
Then it was gone.
Another sound entered the easy constancy of the other noises. The new one was no louder, although it seemed so because it overrode everything else. High-pitched, its two notes exactly an octave apart, it called.
In that place that knew no time, the sound went on monotonously until, abruptly, it stilled.
Something different came to life in the blackness, something that hissed and moved with careful stealth. Its progress was marked by occasional grating, as even its measured course discovered litter to crush. More, it carried a single, dull red light that cast about continually, seeking. It stopped at the place where the green light had been. Clicks and hard, gnashing noises marked invisible activity. The hissing resumed. The thing retreated, cautious as before.
A smell lingered behind it, a weight on the air rather than a definable substance. It was a thing that touched deeper than senses.
A man who breathed there would have known what it was. He would have felt his skin tighten, would have braced mind and body against the ice-chill that clutched his spine. He would have fled with his knowledge.
Death walked that place.


Chapter 3
Gan and Rose Priestess Sylah breasted Tiger Rocks Plateau two miles from camp, and he called a halt. She turned from her position a few pace ahead to watch as he called Rissa. The dog loped through the tall grass. Diamond glints of frost sprayed around her, starred her coat. Gan tugged her ear, smiling, then took some string from a belt pouch and secured it to her collar, leaving one end hanging longer than the other. He tied two knots in the longer one and a single, more complex knot at the end of the shorter. Finished, he ordered, “The Watch tent. Rissa, go!”
The Priestess turned a questioning half smile on him, and Gan was certain he saw a touch of warmth behind the unwavering superiority. Unreasonably, it made him feel shy. His tongue stumbled over his explanation. “Rissa’s got pups. That’s why I sent her ahead.”
“You sent the string message report so they can prepare to welcome me? How long before we arrive? Where can I wash and prepare?”
Gan’s face warmed. “I said I bring a prisoner.”
“Prisoner?” Her quick aggressive posture alerted the dogs. She failed to notice them crouch. The horse did, however, and jittered as she added, “When I speak to your Chiefs—” she broke off, heeling the horse forward. “I told you I’m a War Healer. I’ll enjoy watching you apologize.”
“Then know me; Gan Moondark, son of Col, a Nightwatcher of the North Clan.”
“Col Moondark? War Chief?”
“Yes.” Gan resisted asking what more she knew of his father. He wanted to speak of Col Moondark’s many honors, and those of all the North Clan, because this was a most irritating woman who badly needed educating. He clenched his jaws, remembering his father’s constant admonition to trade on no reputation but his own.
He wished he had one.
White, even teeth worried at the woman’s lower lip. When she swiveled back to the front, her cape made an audible swish. The touchy little horse hopped into a trot. Raggar growled at the quick move, and the horse shied. The Priestess wrestled it under control, determinedly giving no sign of concern. Raggar looked to Gan, who hid a reluctant admiration for her as he hand-signaled the dogs to bracket her in a moving square.
Jogging at her side, he felt her stare. He looked up into hard blue eyes studying him with the routine condescension of one who rides toward one on foot. She said, “You have no mount. Don’t they trust you with one of the Dog People’s fabled horses?”
Gan ran easily. It was a soft pace, as natural to him as walking, and he could have gone much faster for a full day. He said, “Horses draw tigers and the young wolves.” He gestured behind him, checking their back trail as a matter of course.
There was movement two hills away, something furtive. Calling to the Priestess to stop, Gan whistled at the dogs. A male nearly Raggar’s size trotted forward, tail wagging. Gan pointed. “Kammar, search,” he said.
Obediently, Kammar ambled back the way they’d come. Responding to the silent whistle, he angled off to his right. Within seconds he was hidden by the brush. Gan drew an arrow from his quiver.
The Priestess said, “You hunt? You have a visitor to escort!”
He continued to watch the distance. “I’m not hunting, and you’re a prisoner, not a visitor.” He motioned for the woman to come with him to the tumble of huge rocks that gave the place its name. Hidden among them, he made her dismount and sit before he took up a watching position.
She scoffed. “There’s no one back there, and if there is, what do you think you can do about it?”
“Find out who they are, first.”
“A wildcow. An antelope. If it’s people, it’s wandering Peddlers. Are the Dog People so weak they fear tribeless scum?”
He waited until the back of his neck no longer burned. “We survive because we’re watchful.”
Kammar barked in the distance. The other dogs, lying in the grass, were on their feet instantly.
The sound confirmed his fears. He’d committed a grave error by assuming the woman rode alone, and compounded it by carelessly allowing whoever followed her to trail him. His dilemma was simply stated: run or fight. Even if he released his fastest dog, it would only weaken his team. A large party could override him and still strike before the tribe was prepared. He decided quickly. Boldness would have to answer for the mistake.
He gestured. “Raggar. Scar. Flanks.” He looked to the woman. “Kammar’s coming in. He’s excited. Stay hidden. If you really are a War Healer, you’re holy, so you have nothing to fear. I don’t want the people coming to see you and start looking for me.”
Kammar appeared in the draw below them, running hard. He stopped in front of Gan, then looked back over his shoulder and growled.
Gan tested his bow.
“Don’t be a fool.” The Priestess confronted him, scathing. “If it’s a raiding party, they’ll kill you.”
“Your confidence inspires. Stay where you are.”
He ran to a minor spur leading off the plateau. It gave a clear view of all slopes leading to their nearly flat locale, as well as the surrounding draws. He kept Kammar nearby, sending the tan female, Scar, to the far side of the high ground and Raggar to hide in the brush lining the creek in the valley.
A cock pheasant flushed hysterically around the bend of the draw on Scar’s side. Whoever came was avoiding the most likely route, probably extra cautious because of Kammar’s earlier bark. When the first horseman appeared, Gan’s stomach twisted.
The Devil warrior’s death paint leaped across space at him; stark white face, huge black circles for eyes. Simulated trails of blood ran from a red-painted maw to the chin.
Four of them rode in diamond formation, rigged for combat in padded leather trousers and the woven willow and buffalo-hide armor jackets they called barmals. The horses wore hard leather skirts to deflect arrows as well as protect against attacking dogs. Each warrior had a short recurved bow dangling from the pommel horn. A sheathed extra-long sword, the deadly sodal, was lashed to the horseman’s peg fixed to the rear of each saddle.
Gan despised the peg. By hooking a leg around it, or catching it with a heel, a man rode on the side of his horse, shielding himself with the animal’s body.
It was a discouragingly effective technique, but a thing of no honor.
He crouched, heartbeats jarring his bones. They passed him on their way up the hill. The formation closed up as the lead man crested the top. It was the tactical error Gan had hoped for, bunching them nicely. He rose from the grass behind them, no more than ten yards from the drag man, as the rear member of the diamond was called.
“Don’t move!” he bellowed, praying it would keep his voice from cracking. It did, and the four froze. He said, “Point man! Face down on the ground, hands on head.” Stiffly, the man dismounted. He was large, wide across the shoulders. The black expanse of the barmal across his back seemed as big to Gan as a ceremonial feast kettle.
“Right flanker,” Gan said. “You next. Don’t turn!” He had no desire for them to know exactly where he stood or that he was young and alone. As a precaution, he sidled to his left.
And saved his life.
An arrow sizzled past his right shoulder and thumped into the ground. The sound of it was still in his ears when screams and growls erupted from the other hill as Raggar savaged the man who shot at his master.
Seeing the drag man leap in his stirrups, Gan released his first arrow without pause. He was amazed that there was a part of his mind still calm enough to note the delicate flick of the bright feathers when the shaft passed through the rider’s neck.
The flanker riding on the left turned as Gan’s second arrow punched through his right bicep and into his rib cage. He spurred his horse convulsively, and the animal bolted, throwing him off in a whirling arc.
The right flanker leaped onto his mount, turning its side to Gan, leg over the horseman’s peg. With his sodal, he held off Scar while the point man scrambled to his feet and swung back aboard his own horse. Again and again Scar launched herself at them, only to be turned aside by the leather skirt. When the huge point man’s horse stumbled, she leaped instantly, her forequarters stretching across the saddle. Fangs ripped at the man’s restraining leg. Slashing her, he yelled and fell free. She dropped in a sprawl, great jaws clashing as she snapped at the air in agony.
Kammar closed like a thunderbolt just as it appeared the man might regain his mount yet again. Instead, he took the dog’s full charge in the chest, sprawling backward.
The last mounted man rode to help. Gan’s desperate arrow skipped harmlessly off the leather skirt, and he cried out involuntarily as the sodal glittered out in front of the galloping animal like a searching steel tongue.
They both underestimated the strength of the largest rider. Somehow he managed to get his hands under Kammar’s forelegs at the shoulder and heave. The dog flew through the air, and the man sat upright. He was just in time to catch his companion’s blade in his chest. The rider jerked it away, but it was far too late.
The wounded man got to his feet so quickly it was as though nothing had happened. Unbelieving eyes stared at his ripped, bloody barmal. He fell as if arguing with his dying, first to one knee, then to both, and finally sprawled on his face.
Kammar gathered himself to go after the last rider, and from the corner of his eye Gan saw Raggar headed the same way. The smaller male wasn’t moving well, so when the distant rider shouted, Gan whistled the dogs to a halt.
“A talk!” the man called.
Gan whistled again, and the dogs dropped out of sight in the grass. He breathed deeply. “Say what you want.”
The man held out his sodal, the blade on the palms of his hands in the nonaggression gesture of his people. He looked much smaller now. Still, he bristled with malice as he rode closer. His voice was in keeping with the look of him, hard and tight.
“I am Fox Eleven, a Manhunter of the Mountain People. I’ll recognize your track when I see it again, boy.”
“I am Gan. I know you, Fox.”
“I know you, Gan. I mean to take you. I’ll wear the hides of your dogs.”
“So your friends thought. My dogs will eat your guts.”
Fox spat before replacing his sodal and galloping away.
Priestess Sylah hurried up while Gan stood watching him go. “You’re not injured?”
“No. I don’t think so. It happened so fast.”
“It’s not over. You have an enemy. I lived among them, and I know Fox means what he said.”
Gan swallowed. It was no time to have his voice reveal the screech of fear echoing in his head. He drew his shortknife from its sheath, then knelt and severed the first joint of the drag man’s little finger. He was on his way to the point man when the woman spoke. “A warrior’s body is his tribute to his tribe. I was told Dog People mutilate the dead. I called it a lie.”
“We take one finger joint, the smallest, as trophy and only from those who die by our hand.” He paused. “This is the one Fox Eleven killed. I’m not sure I should claim him.”
She made a harsh sound and turned away. Defensively, Gan said, “It’s as proper as claiming the dogs’ kills. And before you choke on your concern for these Devils, think back on what you saw when you lived with them. We don’t hunt for heads. We don’t make musical instruments from men’s bones, either. One finger, for trophy; no more.”
“A fine distinction.”
“Fine enough. I have to find the other man hereabouts, then Raggar’s kill. Come.”
She swirled her cape around her. “I wish to refresh myself at the stream before we enter your camp.”
“When I’m done. You’re still my prisoner.”
Chin raised, eyes flashing, she said, “I give my word to make no escape.”
“Accepted.”
“There! How easily tricked you are.”
“I’m taking my first bones from men who thought so, Priestess.”
“First? I thought—” She checked, then was almost apologetic. “You seemed so sure.”
He was glad his back was to her. He looked at Scar’s body and the Devils, their death paint smeared, flies already jostling at the edges of blood spills darkening in the sun. He heard himself say, “There were several bad guesses this morning.” He listened to her leave before getting on with his work.
When he returned from the other hill, she was just straightening beside the stream in the draw. Respecting her privacy, he drew away, and so it was that she approached from behind him and he failed to see her. Otherwise, she would never have caught him sitting with Scar’s head cradled in his lap. Sylah noted the empty waterskin on the ground. He’d washed Scar clean. She could have been resting, enjoying his gentle stroking of her wiry coat. Tears streaked his cheeks.
By the same token, when she silently backed away, he failed to see her tightlipped blend of sympathy and pain. Neither did he catch the force of will that quickly erased all expression, leaving flat inscrutability in its place. He never heard her whisper, “Fox, you bloodthirsty idiot, you could have ruined everything. I hope you live long enough for me to see you pay for it.”


Chapter 4
Kammar, released with another string message, alerted everyone. Gan and the Priestess were still a mile from the camp when they were intercepted by the first boys galloping out to them. The youngsters whooped and showed off their most daring horsemanship, their brightly colored finery brave in the early sunshine. The horses pranced exuberantly. Snorting, high-stepping, they reveled in their strength as clearly as the boys.
Sylah was intrigued by their equipment. Gan was glad to explain. The saddles were lightweight affairs, clearly designed for mounted fighting, although they were equally effective for working herds. They featured swelling projections on the forward edge that reminded her of mumps. He said they were to protect the upper legs as well as offer a purchase in hard turns. A leather loop hanging from each projection was there so a warrior could hang on and trot alongside. The horse lent speed to the runner without having to carry his weight. Gan went on to point out that each saddle also came with a rear-mounted leather bag. Today they were empty and rolled up. When needed, they could carry enough equipment to sustain an individual for weeks; every male of twelve years and older was required to maintain a kit in his tent that included everything from a complete change of clothes to a needle and thread. It was always ready.
She remarked—critically, Gan thought—on the smaller murdats and bows the boys carried. He solemnly assured her that Dog warriors came in all sizes and ages, enjoying her sniff of disapproval.
Gan called to one of the first arrivals, telling him of the fallen Scar and the prospect of Devil horses to be captured. The boy sobered immediately and yelled to others. A group of ten pounded hard toward Tiger Rocks.
A second group of riders approached more slowly. They remained distant, silent, yet clearly transmitted hostility across the intervening prairie.
Bitterly, Gan watched them. For a little while he’d allowed himself to think his accomplishment in destroying a raiding party might change things. It was not to be.
Worse, there was more involved than his feelings. He chanced a sidelong glance at Sylah and drew himself erect. If he made it a point to never let the tribe know his aloneness troubled him, he’d certainly never let a stranger see it. Still, the worst part of the unfriendly reception from the adults was that the Priestess was quickly going to see even more of the antagonisms tearing the tribe apart.
She couldn’t have picked a worse time to come. Few people dared step on Dog lands in the best of circumstances. Not even Church had sent anyone in his lifetime. There were occasional Messengers. And Peddlers.
No one interfered with Church because her missionaries and Healers were holy, their lives inviolate. Messengers were the responsibility of all. Anyone who even interfered with one of them condemned his tribe. All other tribes and nations were required to attack on sight those who interfered until proper amends had been made.
They brought word of peace as well as war, news of disease prevention or warning of plague, and all the other information that linked men. Accordingly, all were required to protect them. Many times Gan had thought they were the only non-Dog people he could envy. Traveling when and where they wanted, they saw everything. The only unsavory aspect of their calling was a common belief that they sensed every threat in the air. It seemed that whenever there was trouble, they were present, ready to perform their function. Still, Gan had noted that they were frequently available when there was tranquility; he believed their reputation as harbingers of disaster was exaggerated.
Peddlers only survived because they were necessary. He almost smiled, comparing the elegant, haughty Priestess to those homeless wanderers, with their slippery, fawning dealing.
Stealing another glance at her, he decided she was beautiful even when she was displeased.
She’d managed a complete change of clothes from the small bag lashed to her saddle. The raised hood of her cloak presently shrouded darting eyes alight with excitement. Gan watched her as they approached the edge of the plateau. He always looked forward to his first sight of the camp, and today was a special opportunity to share the moment. Despite the troubling presence of their escort, he slowed to enjoy it. He gestured with a sweeping arm. “The main camp of my people.”
She gave a small exclamation of pleasure. Nestled in a lush valley, tents spread from hillside to hillside in concentric circles. The center featured a large mound in its own starkly cleared round. There was some sort of construction on top. When he saw her curious stare, he directed her attention far away, to the limit of the valley, where steam billowed from hot springs. He told her their tribal medicine insisted that cleanliness fought unseens. He confessed he didn’t know exactly what they were, but he knew they made the sick weaker and sometimes caused the smallest wounds to infect and bring death.
For a moment she burned at the presumptuousness of it; he dared lecture a War Healer of the Iris Abbey. Once she saw his naive earnestness, she smiled inwardly, letting him go on. In fact, later, when he grinned mischievously and suggested that the primary reason for the Elders’ decision to site the camp there was a desire to soak their old bones in that hot water all winter, she joined him in laughter.
In a distant draw to the left he pointed out the rough shelters of the Dog Chief's wards in their neat rows, trainers at work. Closer to the springs were the corrals where the Horse Chief oversaw the breeding and training of the animals in his charge.
She’d already seen the dogs in action. She knew of the horses; her abbess had been insistent that she treat both with the greatest respect. Gan said the horse was as important to his people as water, adding flatly that any three ordinary mounted warriors were fools to engage a Dog Nightwatch man on his trained war-horse with his four-dog team beside him.
Vivid memories of the fight at Tiger Rocks convinced her the boast was probably true.
Beyond here, he went on, were outlying settlements, miniatures of this one. There were six to the south, four more several days’ ride to the east.
She reveled in the valley, emblazoned by the tents of the tribe, jewel-bright against the pastels of early spring. Dusty green sage emphasized the sharper greens and reds of the cloth. Sky-blue was repeated occasionally, intensified elsewhere to sapphire or turquoise. Splashes of yellow and orange presaged summer, when the round-shouldered hills would concentrate the sun’s heat, turning the campground into an oven.
The people would be gone by then, she knew, off to the cool foothills of Snowfather Mountain.
She also knew the hundreds of rounded tents were made of blankets, the pride of the Dog women. Her abbess had subtly made her understand that the abbey would be pleased to discover the secrets of that cloth. All that was certain was that they were cotton. What wasn’t known was how they were treated with the women’s secret compound of beeswax and plant extracts that made them waterproof while retaining a high degree of pliability.
Gan broke into her thoughts, telling her that in winter the tents were double-hung with woolen interior blankets to retain heat. One identified families by the symbol pennon on the twelve-foot post in front of every dwelling or by the repetitions of the symbol in the blankets. In Moondark’s case that was a red circle with a yellow winged vee across the top third. Family history was chronicled in other blanket designs.
He broke off his narrative abruptly at the sight of his father leaving their many-blanket tent, riding toward the edge of the camp on his finest horse.
The riders who’d paralleled Gan and Sylah broke away, riding to join the community, and it was when they arrived and dismounted to mingle with the larger group that the factionalism within the tribe crystallized. The mass of people seemed to seethe. Sharp lines cracked open to isolate a group taking shape immediately behind Col Moondark and the twelve Elders. Even at Gan’s distance the latter managed to give the impression that they were close to his father but not with him.
Just as he led the Priestess onto the level floor of the valley, he saw his South Clan uncle, Faldar Yan, with the usual picked group of warriors around him. They jostled to the front row within shouting range of Col.
The Priestess dismounted to walk next to Gan and Raggar. She murmured questions he ignored in the hope she’d stop. Finally, out of patience, he snapped at her. “This is a formal matter between warriors. No chattering female prisoner is part of it.”
A silence followed that sent small needles of apprehension prickling across his shoulder blades. When she spoke, however, there was a throaty quality in her voice that sounded almost like amusement. “I didn’t think you had any more surprises for me. I was mistaken. I’d never have believed your mouth is even larger than your heart. Maybe not quite so large as that stiff-legged brute beside you, but close enough.”
“Brute? Raggar? He’s anhyo now, a war dog who’s killed. He’ll be honored the rest of his life.”
Their exchange ended there, as the War Chief raised his hand in greeting and they stopped in front of him. Gan surreptitiously extended a hand to touch Raggar. The dog leaned against his leg, as if reassuring his master.
Col Moondark looked older than his fifty winters. Silver hair ruffled in the wind. His face was lined and furrowed as if in imitation of the landscape he’d roamed and fought over throughout his life. Battle had marked him fiercely. A welted scar trailed from his right temple across his forehead, down across his left eye, and ended at the pronounced ridge of his cheekbone. A puckered knot of tissue on his neck spoke of a slingstone wound. Gan remembered the tribe singing the death prayer over him on that occasion, and yet again for an arrow wound now hidden under his black-and-white cowhide vest.
He wore plain deerskin trousers. His only decorative touch was a single earring. It dangled from his pierced right ear, a jade cabochon set on a leaf-thin bar of hammered gold a half-inch wide and two inches long.
Gan related the events of the morning, keeping the tale as flat and unemotional as possible. When he heard himself becoming excited, he steadied himself by remembering he’d never heard a measure of pride or warmth in his father’s acknowledgment of any of his son’s accomplishments.
Why should this occasion be any different?
When he stopped talking, Col looked to the woman. “I know you, Rose Priestess Sylah. You are well?”
“I know you, War Chief Col. I am unharmed, thanks to your son.”
He said, “These are dangerous times. You are welcome among us, Rose Priestess,” then added to Gan, “We will all mourn Scar.”
“Hold, Col. I want to speak to our visitor.” Faldar Yan forged past the Elders to stand beside Col, who stared straight ahead, ignoring his brother.
Smiling broadly, Faldar introduced himself, then asked bluntly, “Why did the Devils follow you?”
She had watched him ease forward, and she’d decided he looked like a thick-witted badger. In the same moment, she warned herself to beware; the body was stubby and heavy, but the eyes said the mind was nimble as a weasel. “I know you, Faldar Yan. They were my escort, under orders to turn back last night. I think they hoped to surprise you—”
His deep voice cut across her answer. “And would have succeeded, but for good luck.” He turned to the crowd. “You heard?” he shouted. “What more proof do you want? Now Devils respect us so little they risk the wrath of their own leaders to attack us. And why? Because they think the mighty Dog People—we, who once prided ourselves that we ruled wherever we rode—have grown weak and cowardly.”
Goaded beyond endurance, Gan took a half step forward. Faldar Yan saw it from the corner of his eye and whirled to meet him, his expression suddenly wary. Gan said, “Would ‘cowardly’ be aimed at me, Uncle?”
The older man smiled, the falsity of it like grease on his chin. “Of course not.” He faced the crowd. “Gan’s courage is beyond question, as is the courage of all our young men. What we have lost is the will to use that courage, the ambition to remain strong.”
Col backed his horse, forcing Faldar to move hastily. He said, “And the Priestess is losing needed sleep.” To her, he added, “We’ll talk further when you’re rested.”
A low, angry rumble continued to well from the crowd, punctuated by several shouts repeating the demand for respect.
Faldar accepted having his speech shut off with the easy satisfaction of a man who knows his point’s been made. He went on amicably. “The Rose Priestess can’t be an unescorted guest in your widower’s den, Col. I’ve given orders for a tent to be put up for her. Immediately next to yours, of course.” To Sylah he added, “My daughter Neela will be your companion. Wait here, please, and she’ll join you.” He turned, his followers closing her off with their backs.
Col smiled at her as a small boy stepped forward to take charge of her horse. “Faldar’s my half brother. Same father, different mothers. He wants to be War Chief. He sends his daughter to be your companion and his ear. Moving her into a tent so close to mine demonstrates his willingness to make her hostage to tribal peace.” A sudden frown darkened his face, and Sylah instinctively tensed, but when he spoke, his irritation wasn’t for her. He added, “Please don’t think of her as a spy. She’s an obedient daughter—nothing less, nor more.”
Indignantly, Gan said, “You said hostage? You’d never harm her!”
“Many in the tribe think I would. Learn from him. Whether a thing is true or not is unimportant. What is believed is reality.” He touched his brow in salute to Sylah before turning away.
“Your father impresses.” She spoke calmly enough, but Gan caught the nervous fumbling as she unfastened her cloak’s hood string. When it fell back to clearly reveal her, a sigh of appreciation moved through the crowd.
The man who stepped forward ignored her completely. Broad-shouldered, deep-chested, he was a shade shorter than Gan. His clothing was even plainer than the War Chief’s. Leather trousers and vest were unadorned. He wore a plain snakeskin-handled murdat in a wooden scabbard secured with brass nails. Two things distinguished him—a carriage that bespoke complete confidence, and a tattoo on the right cheek of his cragged features, a solid black one-inch square.
He advanced on Gan, embracing the younger, slighter figure. He lifted him off the ground, squeezing hard enough to pop out veins on his arms. Gan’s eyes bulged, as well.
“Good work!” he shouted, then lowered Gan and delivered a comradely blow to his shoulder that staggered him. “Four Devils! They’ll be singing songs about you. Women’ll be after you like trout after cheese.”
Gan shot a look at the Priestess and blushed just as the newcomer jerked his sword arm up in invitation for the crowd to cheer. Embarrassingly weak applause sputtered in response. Meanwhile, he spoke from the side of his mouth. “You let five horsemen ride up behind you. I should break your skull.”
Sylah’s whisper was outraged. “This man fought off a war party. He lost a dog he loved.”
The man’s smile turned brittle. “Couldn’t leave her on the prairie for the tigers, could you? Don’t frown. Look brave and modest. We want everyone to leave thinking good thoughts about you. You heard Faldar already using this mess to make trouble for your father.”
Then he turned to Sylah. “I know you, Rose Priestess Sylah, I’m Clas na Bale, fighting instructor for the tribe.”
“Instructor in bad manners, too, I’m sure.”
“Me? Bad manners? You nearly got him killed.” He waved at the crowd, smiling. People sidled off.
“You insufferable—”
“Don’t waste your breath. I’ve been called names that’d make you sick with envy. You are a guest, though, so I’ll explain that a Nightwatcher’s first responsibility is to warn the camp. A South Watch man failed in my grandfather’s father’s time. We lost over a hundred dead to raiders. Seventeen women of bearing age were carried off.”
“‘Bearing age.’ Otherwise they wouldn’t be important, is that it?”
“This isn’t Ola. Our women don’t have to hide in a church to live like people.”
She blanched, and Gan interrupted. “Our guest isn’t trying to make an argument.” Even as he corrected Clas, he wondered what women ever saw in his friend. They seemed to battle with him as often as not, but they constantly sought him out for the privilege.
A new voice calling Sylah’s name was perfectly timed to nip the unpleasantness. A beautiful girl, fair and bright in a blue cotton skirt, blouse, and wearing beaded hightop boots, hurried toward them. “I know you, Rose Priestess Sylah. I’m Neela, child of Faldar Yan. I’m to accompany you until you’re at ease among us.”
Grudgingly, Gan conceded there was no better choice. Neela’s father was a man to despise, as were his six sons. She was a single flower among rocks. She’d started perfectly with the Priestess, too. One indicated esteem for a guest with a greeting that ignored all others. Normally, Neela took special pains to acknowledge himself and Clas. He’d long since recognized it as her way of compensating for the antagonisms dividing the tribe.
He hung back on the walk to his tent, letting the women get acquainted. It gave him an opportunity to watch the people they passed. There were many unpleasant expressions aimed at the Priestess. More were for himself. That was no great shock, but it did surprise him to realize he was worried about it. He was resigned to the fact that the vast majority of the tribe saw him as a misfit, the motherless son of a War Chief who opposed war. They knew his father wanted him to be the next War Chief. The elders despised him for his parentage and what they saw as his presumption to a rank that had to be the people’s choice. The younger people hated him because of his father’s efforts to keep the tribe at peace and because Gan had learned—painfully—how to best any of them with weapons or barehanded.
Now, however, he was surprised to discover the events of the morning had added disturbing emotions to his reactions. His blood felt hot in his veins. At the first crude remark aimed at either himself or the Priestess, he’d be honor bound to react. He almost feared the seething anticipation, and yet something in him still thrilled at the gut-wrenching exhilaration of the earlier battle.
When the bad moment came, it was the sort of scene he’d feared. Three boys, not yet old enough to own weapons, dashed out from between tents and openly jeered at him. The boldest laughingly made good-bye waving motions in the way Dog warriors scorned a beaten enemy. It was a gross insult, and Gan stopped in his tracks, hand dropping to his murdat instinctively. Embarrassed, he let it fall free. The boys, having gotten what they sought, were already running away, screaming childish triumph.
Gan looked beyond where they’d come from and saw what he expected. Another warrior, older, watched with a smirk. He averted it a shade too late, but held his ground with nervous defiance as Gan approached him. Gan was careful to stop just out of murdat range, the warrior’s way of showing no attack was planned. Seeing that, the other’s smirk partially surfaced again. It disappeared when Gan asked, “What kind of man encourages his youngest brother to torment a man he won’t face himself?”
Angrily, the man denied it. Gan put on a surprised expression. “I didn’t accuse. I asked. Would you say that would be a weak, dishonorable thing to do?”
The man growled something about having no time for useless chatter and having to meet some friends. He bore down on the last word in a final small-minded swipe. Gan could only hope he’d spun away too soon to see how telling his remark had been. He also hoped the Priestess missed the symbols on the man’s jacket that identified him, shamefully, as from Gan’s own North Clan.
He rejoined the Priestess and Neela. They were both still nervous from the tension of the incident, but tactful enough to resume their walk without mentioning it.
Visibly anxious to get back to their own South Clan territory, Faldar’s men were just finishing the tent as they approached.
So far the tribe had managed to keep knowledge of its dissension confined to its own people. That could no longer be. The Priestess was sure to speak of what she’d seen.
Other tribes, other nations, would all turn to watch, alert for any flaw. As far back as the tribe’s tale-tellers could go, clear to the beginning, that was the way of things. Strong fed on weak.
When they entered the tent, Gan’s speculations stopped, his attention riveted on the plump woman waiting for them. Downward-pulling lines at the corners of her mouth, and tight, restless eyes gave her an aura of ingrained disappointment. She said, “I know you, Priestess Sylah. I am Kolee, Healer to my people. The War Chief wishes me to speak to you.” Her voice caught at the ears. It always made Gan think of nettle leaves, so ordinary on the surface, with a surprising, vicious sting hidden on their undersides.
Sylah made a small bow. “I know you, Kolee. I greet you as a sister.”
“I am not Church.”
Laughing, Sylah reached as if to touch her. The gesture fell short at Kolee’s expression. Glossing over the rebuff, Sylah continued easily. “I know. We’re sisters in our aims, nevertheless. You know my training is wounds and injuries. What is your discipline?”
Kolee colored. “We’re simple people. I know some herbs, some treatments.”
There was a flicker of movement in her earth-brown eyes, so quick Sylah almost missed it, yet it gave her the feeling there was much secret knowledge hidden in this deceptive woman. The hair on her neck stirred. She forced a smile. “What are we to talk about?”
Gan was startled by the power he heard under Sylah’s civility. This was his first experience with a contest of feminine wills, and the quiet dynamics fascinated him. Nevertheless, he made a reluctant move to leave.
Sylah shook her head. “Wait, Gan. There are things I may not understand. I’ll be more comfortable with someone to advise me if a question arises.”
Neela excused herself with what he thought was unseemly haste. He followed the two women to the sleeping room, sitting stiffly on the cushions in the corner Kolee indicated.
The room was small and dark, double-blanketed to assure privacy. A pair of oil lamps cast wavering puddles of ineffectual light. When the two women settled on their cushions, facing each other, Gan had the uncomfortable feeling that, where the darkness obscured the Rose Priestess, it welcomed Kolee.
Kolee said, “The Dog People demand strong leadership. Col Moondark has avoided war and raids, except in retaliation, for ten years. Young men who’ve never tasted battle are eager to measure themselves. In addition, we’ve seen two terrible winters. Our herds suffered. The farming tribes make us pay more for wheat and cotton, and foraging has been lean for our women. Peddlers bleed us. Now you come, unannounced, unrequested. Many think you come to spy out weaknesses for Ola. As a child I was sent to Ola to learn of healing, you know. I learned we must protect our right to our own ways.”
Sylah said, “There are many religions. Church challenges none.”
“Ola is no friend to anyone. And Church works to undercut all other beliefs; everyone knows it.”
Kolee’s open scoffing embarrassed Gan, but it had no apparent effect on the Priestess. Calmly she answered, “Sister, I bring a message from my king for your leaders. It’s my duty. Church sends me only to bring what I know to others.”
For a long moment Kolee sat as if unhearing, and Gan saw that her focus had wandered. When she spoke, she was contemplative. “We who weren’t Olans had to live in the Violet Abbey, but were kept away from any secrets of Church or Abbey because we were savages.” Her eyes, hot with remembrance, swung back to Sylah. “Four years, proud Rose Priestess. Watched. Distrusted. I stayed and struggled to learn because my people needed whatever I could acquire. Church gave me nothing. Now you travel all this far, at great risk, bringing us your wisdom.”
“My abbess and my king ordered it.”
Kolee made a sound in her throat and twisted on the cushions. Then she started on her questions about Sylah’s qualifications and intentions. Gan squirmed at her harshness. It seemed hours before she finally rose, favoring stiffened muscles. “I’ll ask them to let you stay among us until I learn all you can teach. No longer.”
She shuffled through the exit slit in the fabric wall. The breath of her passage disturbed the oil lamps’ flames, creating fitful, roiling shadows on the swaying cloth.
The Priestess’ attention remained fixed on the exit. Gan was caught unawares, still staring when she turned quickly. Her eyes pulled at him. “Can I trust you?”
He had to push the single word through an uncooperative throat. “Yes.”
Her smile seemed to drain his strength even as it made him feel he would dare anything to deserve it. Then he was beside her, back in the main room of the tent with only the vaguest recollection of walking there. Neela was there. She looked at him quizzically before saying, “Our fathers were called to a meeting with the Elders. Col says you’re to rest as long as you like, Priestess.”
“My friends call me Sylah.”
Neela smiled and repeated the name. She turned to leave with Gan, but Sylah stopped them, speaking to Gan. “I don’t know if it’s proper for a stranger to speak of Scar. Please forgive me if it’s not. She was truly noble.”
Gan looked at the floor carpet. Stiffly, he said, “She was true. She’d be proud to hear one such as you praise her.”
He was certain he’d offended her when her face swiftly formed into the mask that blocked out the world. Yet it was she who shivered and swirled from the room.


Chapter 5
A vast expectancy flooded the living rock. Beast sounds crept from the cave walls, deep, resonant groans, the dissatisfaction of a creature powerful enough to challenge mountains and rivers.
The ranked multitudes of green lights had dwindled dramatically. Great gaps yawned in the formation. The remainder trembled, individually at first, then in unison, pulsing in tempo at the bidding of the urgent sound. Along their length they acquired a mathematical precision, each vibrating at precisely the same rate, creating a glittering arc across the impenetrable blackness. No longer dots, they were transformed to scribed lines.
Suddenly there was another sound, a rending crack the cave had never known. Dust exploded from surfaces that had never moved before. Pieces of ceiling plunged to the floor.
The sympathetic strum of the lights burst apart in fragments. Some expired with crisp, tinkling notes. Others merely died. All movement slowed.
Stopped.
A vast number of lights had disappeared.
The plaintive octave-spanning call erupted in dozens, filled the cave’s renewed silence with a manic choir of asynchronous high-low, high-low bleating.
The sibilant thing that listened for the notes responded, but the sheer weight of activity seemed to daze it, overwhelm it with opportunity. It reeled across the darkness, single eye spearing in all directions. Soon it was standing in one place, hissing balefully, the eye fixed in insensate rage.
More lights went out.
The cave moved in gentle settling. The rock sighed softly.
A new thing came to the space, a smell of heat. And new lights. Tiny white lights.
Warmth.


Chapter 6
As soon as the overlapping fold of the sleeping room softwall exit closed behind Neela’s departure, Sylah collapsed on the mat. She sprawled, staring up at the sky-blue ceiling liner. Its ornate foreground pattern of twining vines and brilliant birds mirrored the complexity of her thoughts.
She’d believed herself too excited to be tired. But the talk with Kolee had been more draining than anything she’d expected. The harder she tried to focus, the more her mind skittered off to something else. And her legs ached. Was that a cramp pulling at her shoulders? Irritably, she turned, first on one side, then the other.
The Healer wasn’t the problem, nor Gan’s fight, and not simple weariness.
These were good people: Gan, Neela—so young, so vibrant; Col, worried about his tribe; Clas—that blunt, abrupt man, oddly interesting.
She shook her head, unaware of the movement.
Faldar Yan. Not good at all. Yet what she had to do might destroy Col and put Faldar in his place.
Could there never be good without a countering evil?
The muscles in her shoulder seized.
She must rest, restore mind, body, purpose.
The Apocalypse Testament says: In the past is the future. All we do, all we can become, must be learned from what has gone before.
Chanting softly, she descended into the trance of concentration. One by one she took control of the rhythms and tensions of her body and reorganized the harsh clangor of stress into flowing harmony. When it was time, she freed her mind to flee to the safe haven she had created in her imagination, where her thoughts ran ice-smooth and fire-bright. Her inner eye watched the still grove of massive trees take form. Shafts of sunlight angled through their ageless patience to center her in green-gold luminosity.
Twice strong. Twice-proven.
Church had its plans for her. King Altanar, as well. No one knew her heart. Her plans.
A breeze stroked the tent. The inner softwalls, suspended from networked truss lines attached to the outer blankets, danced sibilant arcs across the coarse ground carpet as the structure breathed. The noise should have intruded on her; instead, her mind drew it closer, transformed the alien sound to that of distant drums and the metallic clash of chings, the throwing circles used as hand chimes in the war dances of Ola.
The present dissolved.
Memory.
* * *
The crowded King’s Hall was huge. The pillars to the roof were tree trunks carved in the likeness of men standing on other men’s shoulders. They were three high, and her head barely reached the middle of the chest of the bottom figure.
The raised throne altar was so far from the main entry she had difficulty making out the person lounging there. Twin ranks of firepits, ten feet square, each with gleaming copper hood and chimney, defined the avenue down the center of the room. Smaller firepits stood between the larger ones and the somber stone walls.
Smoke escaped despite the pit hoods, so the cavernous interior swam with a hazed, ruddy glow that changed the most commonplace objects into mocking fantasies. The red, shifting muddle conjured flickering, half-glimpsed images of blood and burning.
To escape threatening panic, she studied that which was solid and identifiable. There were probably three hundred nobles present. Carefully controlled anger sharpened their staring faces. The very thought of an unescorted woman in the throne room galled them almost unendurably.
She looked about, careful that no sudden movement of her hood betrayed her inspection. There was a handful of wives and concubines present. Immediately on eye contact, all sent her exaggerated expressions of respect, some going so far as to curtsy.
They knew their role.
The woman who wasn’t Church earned her way into the King’s Hall by hanging onto her man with an unending show of infantile dependence. No matter how intelligent or diligent she might be, her only avenue of accomplishment was through the man who owned her. The most successful of them hid implacable ferocity behind a simpering smile.
Sylah consciously straightened her posture, reminding herself that men needed the skills of the Healers. Even so, she thought ruefully, they had their ways of keeping a foot on the needed neck. Women were allowed no distinguishing titles of rank, save within Church, and those were chosen to reflect beauty and delicacy. Rose Priestess. Lily Priestess. Iris Abbess. Violet Abbess.
Except one: War Healer. As though they healed the madness of it, rather than merely cleaning up the wreckage left behind.
Titles invented by men, granted by men, perpetuated by women who had no other choice.
Within the shielding confines of her hood she permitted herself a grimace.
There was no time remembered when women were treated as human beings. Some bolder sisters hinted that women were practically the equals of men during the time of the giants. Such illusions filled her with more pity than irritation. In the first place, talk of the giants was always discouraged. All the evidence proved they were indescribably evil and destructive. Whatever flame of hope their “equality” kindled among living women burned out quickly at their first sight of a godkill or story of a radpad and the horrible deaths they caused in the past.
Women were, and always had been, property. They were status symbols, measured by the number and quality of children they bore.
Despairing women had created Church sometime in the unknown past. It was their sanctuary, and with tiny, agonized steps, they had generated a form of moral authority that was still spreading from society to society.
She wondered how much truth was buried in the jumble of legends, lies, and deductions Church called history.
The suborder of Healers spearheaded the search for influence, but behind everything was the shadow form of the Teachers.
They had lived in the days of First Church, which tripped herself with the declaration that her Teachers were on the brink of a new world. When Church demanded equality for her women as the price for a better life in this world as well as the next, the men who ruled called it revolt. Missionaries died; abbeys were burned. The most grievous loss was the Teachers. Secretive even at their peak, they were rooted out mercilessly and exterminated, their very existence a forbidden subject. Their sin of having tried to drag humanity through a mysterious Door lived on.
From the Purge grew present Church, crippled, harried, but indomitable.
The usher chose that moment to beckon. Awkwardly, she jerked her feet to movement, her mental wanderings swallowed by a frightening, inspiring awareness that there was no turning back.
Heat from the crackling firepits buffeted her. Smoke clogged her throat. At the plainboard of the audience bench she knelt quickly, bowing her head. Even the wood intrigued her, its bright gloss testimony to thousands of supplicants’ knees.
Curiosity overcame inhibition. She peeked at the King through her lashes. A narrow face and pronounced nose called to mind a rapacious sea gull. His skin was pale, blushed by the firelight. He wore loose sea-green trousers and matching blouse of beautifully woven wool. Jeweled rings winked from every finger. A golden chain around his neck held a massive diamond at his breast, the famed Badge.
He held her paper as if it could soil his fingers. “You petition assignment as a War Healer missionary?”
“Yes, King.”
A smile crawled onto his face. “That’s all? No thrilling tales of faith and revelation? How refreshing. But expected. I’ve heard of you. Some say you should burn.”
This was the cat’s play she’d been warned to expect. Any sign of fear or weakness would only bring out sharper claws. She said, “Anyone may petition the King.”
“Stand up.” When she didn’t move quickly enough, he shouted. “Stand!”
His eyes probed with blunt admiration, and she was glad for her heavy robe. He said, “One of Church’s brightest young leaders; my whispers say ambitious. Beautiful, as well. Are you sworn?”
The coarsely casual assessment swept away her discretion. She lifted her chin, a rebuke already forming on her tongue, when she saw the eager gleam in his eye. She coughed, found a safe answer direct from her catechism. “I am sworn to Mother, the Healer.”
He looked away sourly. “Women’s drivel.” Then, quickly, pointing up his first two fingers to the east in the male sign that asks the blessing of the One Who Is Two, he said, “I acknowledge Church’s goodness, of course. Nevertheless, I’m told you’re dangerous.”
She forgot herself, extended a hand toward him as she pointed to the paper. At the scrape of a guard’s sword being drawn she dropped the hand quickly. “I ask only to serve Altanar and the kingdom of Ola.”
His earlier smile returned. Her self-assurance had been building bit by bit, but now it shriveled at the hint of madness in his unblinking amusement. The stories shared in the darkness of the Chosen nunneries came back, such as the one about witches who read the brains of sleepers and slipped back to their masters before dawn.
Too casually, he asked, “How old were you when you became Chosen? Where were you taken?”
Altanar was far too shrewd to be so transparent. He knew something. What?
Her concentration shattered.
Why does he ask about that, of all things?
Chosens were spoils of war, female children too young for slave chores, but not ugly enough or sickly enough or badly injured enough to warrant elimination. By law, Church took all she wanted. By moral necessity, she took as many as she could. Conquest fed Church and simultaneously burdened her, all with the same orphaned scraps. The children found refuge, only to be bound in iron discipline. But they lived.
The one inviolable requirement was that they have no concept of other identity.
Words thickened on her tongue, “My only memories are Church. I was given to Mother by the King, who is my only father.”
Altanar walked swiftly to the bottom of the throne-altar steps. “There is another reason for your mission.”
Behind her the crowd was out of earshot, but their experience of Altanar’s moods alerted an animal awareness in them. They quieted with the diminishing sound of rain moving away. Her chest tightened against a racing heart.
How could he know?
She couldn’t keep the tremor from her voice. “Not so, King. No.”
Someone giggled. Its shrillness tingled on the back of her neck.
“Come.” He spun away. She had to hurry to keep pace, paralleling his course along the front of the throne altar. The crowd’s babble followed them to a hallway leading out of the room, then the hollow boom of a thick door behind them shut the noise out. Altanar entered the first side room. A guard shut that door, as well, leaving them in a windowless box.
After the feverish gloom of the hall, the brightly lit room was a relief, as was the crisp cedar scent of the beeswax candles. Even as her senses registered those facts, Sylah saw her abbess, regally erect in her green and blue robes, behind a small table at the opposite end of the room. She acknowledged Sylah with a nod. No expression altered the calm of the aged, lined face. Sylah wanted to run to her, embrace her, but the elderly woman’s steadiness held her in place, buoyed her courage.
The Abbess was big-boned, amply fleshed. Lively brown eyes contradicted iron-gray hair and bent, arthritic hands. A stiff finger constantly stroked the bracelet on her left wrist. Massively wrought of fine gold, it featured the irises of her abbey. A dragonfly hovered beside the flowers. Only the most suspicious mind would have suggested the stylized insect resembled the forbidden cross.
A movement to her left drew Sylah’s attention, and only then did she discover the other woman in the room. She sat in an ornate chair against the farthest wall, and she was so small that the tiny feet peeking out from under her robes dangled inches above the floor. There was a strange, resistant quality about her; her pale face, fully revealed by the candlelight, resisted the warmth of the flame, denying age as well as feeling.
Sylah knew her well. She was Priestess Lanta of the Violet Abbey. She possessed the Sight.
Altanar broke the silence, speaking to Sylah. “You will report to me about the Dog People.”
He was about to say more, but the Abbess interrupted with the assurance of accustomed authority. “Iris Abbey missionaries do not spy.” She sent a look of dismissal at Priestess Lanta before adding, “Church forbids.”
Altanar said, “A bald lie, Abbess. Church spies on everyone.” He faced Sylah. His grin sent a chill dancing up and down her arms. She folded them, hands inside voluminous sleeves as he said, “You aren’t being sent as a spy. You’ll do whatever War Healer work is necessary. In addition, you’ll simply ask questions and send the answers back to me. Along with any observations you make.”
The Abbess leaned forward, her twisted fingers drawn into pained fists. “That’s not spying? What is it?”
“Observation.” Hard lines of anger at the corners of his mouth belied the flippant answer.
“No.” The Abbess shook her head. “Church forbids. And if she were discovered, who knows what a warrior tribe would do to her? I withdraw her petition.”
Altanar’s laughter was a mirthless gust. Sylah stiffened, and the Abbess warned her with a glance. To Altanar she said, “We cannot be forced to go where we don’t wish to go, King. It is the way.”
“She asked. You recommended. I approve. All that remains is to assure she serves me as loyally as she serves you.”
Sylah looked over to the small figure still perched on her chair. Her hood was drawn over her head now, as if she’d withdrawn from everything around her. The posture symbolized Lanta’s life. Whispers branded her as one who used her powers for her Violet Abbey, for the King, even for her own ends. Sylah had always discounted the talk, had even tried to befriend her. Once, she thought she had. For one awesome moment her deep, dark eyes had looked into her own with such agonized longing she almost cried out. Then, instantly, the gaze had turned as hard and impenetrable as twin mirrors.
They had not spoken since.
A movement disturbed her thoughts, and before she had fully collected herself, the King had his hands on her shoulders. She flinched, and he shot a look—of triumph, contempt?—at the glaring Abbess and laughed harshly before speaking. “Don’t flatter yourself, virgin. You think I’d bring this old witch down on my head out of some passing lust for the likes of you? No fear. Go speak to Priestess Lanta.”
The Abbess said, “No!” She rose slowly, wincing at grating joints that robbed her of grace. “You must not use Church women to persecute other Church women. You are near blasphemy.”
He blanched, but snapped at Lanta to proceed. Silently, still hooded, the small Priestess gestured for Sylah to follow her to a small table with its own oil lamp. She lit the woven cotton wick, creating a squat triangular flame so still that it seemed almost an illusion.
Sylah settled onto a stool opposite the Seer. In a way, she felt sorry for her. They make us all tools, she thought, to use or destroy. She was surprised to realize she was smiling across the table.
Lanta extended a hand. Sylah was too startled to react, but the Abbess was there immediately, arm around her shoulders, shouting at Altanar. “Unspeakable! No Seeing can be done flesh to flesh. Church forbids!”
Sylah said, “We know we do the right thing. There can be no fear in that.”
The Abbess stepped away, visibly shaken. A serene determination filled Sylah. She recognized it as complementary to her earlier feeling of commitment. If Lanta exposed her secret, the King would find a way to have her killed.
She almost laughed. She had made a decision. Instead of apprehension, she was filled with a wild sense of freedom; no one would ever take her self away from her again.
Her grip so hot and dry it canceled the faint prickle of the lamp’s flame, Lanta’s hand trembled as she accepted Sylah’s above the table center.
Sylah’s heartbeat quickened and stubbornly refused to slow. Worse, a queer, high note sang in her ears.
Lanta’s grasp tightened spasmodically. She threw back her head, spoke with startling resonance.
“One from Church finds the savage child to serve Ola’s desire; Harbundai falls. Ola gratefully embraces the savage who fights to open the door to Ola’s future.”
She stopped, jerked to her feet, her eyes clenched shut. She choked violently, one hand clutching her throat while the other flailed for support. Her pale face glowed with a cold, bluish cast. Instantly, Sylah lowered her to the floor and provided the Healer’s kiss. The irony of the situation rang in her ears with the rhythm of her breathing as she pushed her own life into the small, inert body. What had Lanta seen?
She was in her hands.
Soon Lanta gagged, and Sylah recoiled as she next inhaled, shuddering. The Abbess produced a small bottle and passed it under her nose; the pungent ammonia set Lanta coughing, and when that passed, they helped her back to her seat. The Abbess told her it was Sylah who ministered to her. Lanta made her thanks without looking up.
Altanar wasted no time with niceties. “How dare you speak of Harbundai? You were told to discover if these two have a secret reason for this mission. Traitor!”
Lanta cowered. “My abbess explained to you, King—I have no control. The words burn across darkness. I repeat what I see.”
He smashed the tabletop with his fist. “You give me riddles! Is Iris Abbey true to me?”
Sylah’s tongue was a wad of dry cotton.
Lanta’s tiny fingers worried themselves into a wriggling mass. She said, “What I saw, I spoke. There was nothing written of treachery. Harbundai falls,” she repeated, almost pleading.
He twisted away, striding to the door. With his hand on the massive iron handle, he scanned them with narrowed eyes. “You will proceed, acting for me, Rose Priestess Sylah.”
They waited until his footsteps faded away.
Lanta’s nervous quickness brought her to the door first, as Sylah tended to the Abbess. She opened it, bobbing in and out, birdlike. As Sylah reached her, Lanta strained upward, hoarsely confidential. “The guard is gone. Oh, please; I beg forgiveness. The King threatened. I told him what I saw. Truth. But there was a voice. You have to know.”
The Abbess seized her hands. “Bless you, sister.”
Lanta continued, with obvious difficulty. “The voice said, ‘Sylah will reap blessings for Church and herself. She will gain what is sought.’” She swallowed, composed herself. “It said, ‘Sister, say this to her: Sylah must lose what she holds most dear.’”
The yearning Sylah had seen in Lanta’s face once before reappeared and was gone, quick and delicate as a shadow cast by moonlight. Without another word, she was away, the tiny feet pattering like raindrops down the hall.
Sylah followed the Abbess blindly.
Rose Priestess, the King said. Rose Priestess Sylah.
They were at the abbey, walking up the stairs to the Abbess’ rooms, when she spoke, clearly attempting to draw Sylah out of herself and bring some lightness to events. The Abbess did it with the easy humor of one who knows respect and is comfortable extending it to others. “So you’re a Rose Priestess. Privileged to wear the embroidered red rose on your cloak, free to travel anywhere in Ola without permission from the local sheriff. We’ve already taught you to read and write, but now you can even learn a foreign language—if you can afford lessons. You can buy and sell commodities; sorry, won’t let you control a company or own land. Would you like to own a slave? No fear. One, male only, under the age of puberty, of course, and you really don’t mind that he can be freed any time at the discretion of an all-male panel—which may or may not compensate you for his value—do you? Certainly not, you loyal woman, you. However, enough of new prestige and power. What next? Iris Abbess?”
“Never.” It was too quick, too blunt.
“Do you still resent us so, child? Have you never forgiven?”
“I remember nothing, so have nothing to forgive.”
The Abbess sighed.
Sylah knelt in front of her, gently cradled one of the tortured older hands between her own. “I’m glad I came to you. I have a mother.”
The Abbess brushed her aside with a bluster of false impatience. She busied herself lighting charcoal under a pan of water and measuring an herb she called osh into a porcelain pot. She chuckled as she explained the crushed leaves were a gift from a Nion ship’s captain, something he refused to bring the King.
In unspoken agreement, they used the time waiting for the water to boil to marshal thoughts. When the water was ready, she poured it over the osh, stirring it gently with a silver and ivory rod. They exchanged anticipatory smiles at the intense aroma before she poured the liquid into translucent turquoise-blue cups the size of chicken eggs. Sylah did as the Abbess, inhaling the steam, barely dampening her lips with the rare fluid.
“You’re an amazing person, Sylah. Lanta saw nothing of our plan. And you knew she wouldn’t. How did you know?”
“It was just a feeling.” Sylah lied. It wasn’t the first, and came easily because of it. She could hardly explain to the Abbess that the touch of freedom meant so much to her that it overrode the fear of Altanar’s vengeance. She didn’t really understand it herself. Nor did she understand everything Lanta had said. She asked, “What did she say about me losing something?”
The Abbess gestured carelessly. “No matter. The important thing is that she didn’t discover that we mean to keep the Dog People out of the imminent war with Harbundai. Our secret is safe.”
Sylah ached with the temptation to confess, to share.
Dear Abbess. Heart of my heart. My secret lives!
Before morning prayer was the only time she allowed herself to remember. Once each day she unleashed the raw images. Leaping flames. Obscure figures. A child who had a name that was not Sylah tried vainly to shriek her terror.
Her mother’s death sound was a lifesaving last gift. It shocked the child to speechlessness, and by the time she recovered enough to allow responses to the cowled women who owned her, she’d heard other Chosens speak of home, of parents. They disappeared.
Sylah understood the sequence. But she continued to remember.
The Abbess misinterpreted her protégés expression. “Do not be too eager, my child. Your well-being is more important than success.” Saying it aloud broke some internal structure. Her years settled on her all at once, forcing her shoulders into a wearied slump. Her voice grew querulous. “If only we could support you. I dare not even give you the names of the contacts in Harbundai.”
“They’ll find me.” A sudden, intriguing new thought flashed across her mind. Lanta mentioned a door. Could it be the one, the Door of the Teachers? Feigning anxious innocence, she put the question to the Abbess.
She dismissed it with a smile. “That old tale. Ignore Lanta; concentrate on what you must do. Remember, the contact signal in Harbundai is three red roses.” She grimaced. “How thoughtful of our king to promote you accordingly. If he knew—“
“We’ve been too careful.”
“Never think so. I wish—” There was a hesitation, and then the bent fingers holding the cup seemed to grow confused, and she dropped her cup. Steaming osh splashed the polished floor. The porcelain sprayed away in tiny, chiming splinters.
“Now look what I’ve done! All the way across the Great Sea, and a clumsy old woman wastes it making a mess.”
Sylah mopped up with a handkerchief. “You’re tired, Abbess. I’m going.”
The Abbess agreed reluctantly. She embraced Sylah, then stepped back and held her at arm’s length, treasuring her. She said, “Those who share the secret of your courage will pray for your success. Mother Church will welcome your triumphant return.”
At the head of the stairs leading to the ground floor, Sylah paused, hand on the banister.
Four of us—the King, the Abbess, Lanta, and me—in that one room, she thought. Not really parts of the same puzzle at all, but four separate puzzles interlocked at one point.
I’m the center, because I’ll bring him down. I’ll be more than vengeance. I’ll rise until no one will be able to humble me or humiliate me.
I will not be a thing.
I cannot be a man, with that iron strength.
I am a woman. I will be the fire to consume any iron.


Chapter 7
Overlapping scales of blue-gray stone gave the brooding dome at the center of the Dog People’s camp a reptilian look. A full hundred feet across, it was as high at its peak as the surrounding family pennons snapping in the breeze. The very earth around it isolated it and warned of inviolability; it was scraped clean of the least blade of grass or random stone. Two narrow paths led to a pair of rectangular holes in the ground at opposite sides of the dome. Carved steps led downward in each. The southern pit was the entrance to the underground building. The northern side was the exit. They symbolized the legend of northward migration.
Centered on the dome’s crest were twin barrel-shaped drums, as tall as a man at their ends. They were mounted parallel to each other in timber cradles, suspended from thick leather straps. Two men, bare from the waist up and carrying clubs in both hands, strode purposefully up the dome’s side to the drums. Taking position facing in opposite directions, each paused in dramatic deliberation, then struck a furious, thundering beat.
At the first sound, Sylah flung back the softwall, rushing into the room where a startled Neela scrambled to her feet at her appearance.
“What is that?” Sylah hugged herself, pulling her sleeping gown around her protectively. Neela was already fully dressed.
By then the rumble was slowed to a once-a-second tempo. Smaller drums took up the cadence. Realization washed across Neela’s apprehension; she giggled before answering. “The Elders’ drums. We call them vozun. The smaller ones just starting to talk are pala. The vozun speak to the tribe. The pala are for the clans and families. Today they call a meeting in Earth Heart. You must’ve seen its roof from Tiger Rocks.”
Reassured, a little embarrassed, Sylah retreated to her room to dress. After offering a hasty morning prayer and splashing through an almost sinfully brief ritual wash-up, she returned to the main room. Neela produced two decorated pottery cups from a cleverly woven willow-wand cabinet. Twisting the wooden spigot of a rough clay jar, she filled them with a tan herb tea. She said it contained rose hips for strength, chamomile for calmness, and a bit of mint for flavor. The first sip was astringent, with a hint of bitter aftertaste, but remarkably refreshing.
“I can’t remember ever sleeping so long,” Sylah said. “Such a long day; Kolee’s questions and the hours with your father and Col last night, talking about the message from the Mountain People. And my mission, of course. And that terrible fight—Gan, and poor Scar.” She shook her head. “Tell me what else I should know of your drums.”
Neela grew serious. “The pala drums are only music. The vozun and war drummers put their souls into their instruments. It’s very dangerous. While they play, the soul is between this world and the next. They call for the attention and help of the One in All. If a war drummer is killed in battle, the Elders have to pray the soul back, so the drummer can pass safely into the next world. A vozun drummer can only make his own way. Today they call a meeting—the War Chief, the Elders, Chiefs of the family clans, the Dog Chief, and the Horse Chief.”
Sylah elected to avoid the religious aspect of the drums. It was outside Church doctrine, and she didn’t want any more clash than necessary. She asked, “Each family has its own Chief?”
Golden braids flashed as Neela shook her head, and Sylah realized she’d failed to see exactly how pretty the girl was and how beautiful she would become when her womanhood was fully realized. Ignoring so primary a consideration was dangerously lax.
“Kin are joined in clans; each clan has a Chief and elects three Elders. They govern the tribe, along with the War Chief, the Dog Chief, and the Horse Chief. The clans are named for their place in defense—North, South, East, or West.” Taking a piece of charcoal from the firepit, she drew a circle on the back of a hide, then divided it into quadrants. “Round is the perfect form. Sun and moon are round, the seasons an unending circle. The tribe defends a circle, clans defend directions. Each clan provides young men for Night-watch.”
“Where does that man Clas fit in this?”
“Clas supervises all war training. He commands Nightwatch. They’re our best fighters. He’s the best warrior of all. He was born to South Clan.”
Sylah hid a smile at her naive pride, and was somewhat surprised when Neela continued, “North warriors are the boldest. Except for Clas, of course. Most War Chiefs come from that clan. South men are usually organizers and thinkers.”
“You haven’t mentioned the women.”
Neela laughed, a clear, infectious amusement. “Every woman thinks her clan’s best. They say easterners are sunrise; bright and cheerful. Westerners are dusk; mysterious, sometimes dangerous. North women are blunt and forceful. South women are shrewd and demanding. Maybe a little bit tricky.” Her grin turned mischievous.
“Aha. Well, I’ll have to watch you, won’t I? What of Kolee?”
The girl was quick enough to hear the edge to the question. “She’s South, too.” An impulsive hand shot forward, rested on Sylah’s. “Don’t be angry with her. She only means to protect us.”
“So do I. She should see that.” She got up swiftly. “It’s still light. Can we walk?”
“I have a better idea.” Smiling, merrily conspiratorial, she refused to say more.
A sudden, searing flash of irrational anger almost made Sylah shout at her, warn her that she should understand that people who spoke pleasantly could be far more dangerous than enemies with sodals in death paint.
A memory from her stay with the Mountain People came to mind. An older warrior, scarred and lame, sneered at the Dog People. “We’ll wipe them out, sooner or later. They fight well, but their thoughts are soft.” He laughed past broken teeth. “Warriors won’t name their horses because they think it’s bad luck. We don’t worry about an animal’s luck. When it outlives its strength, we kill it and eat it.”
At first she’d been repelled by the callousness. Then, with gnawing persistence, something in her mind asked if she really believed she could pursue her personal goals without a similar attitude. Just by reporting to Altanar, she’d be abusing trust. But unless she did, her own future had no chance.
They stepped out of the tent directly onto one of the two main streets that cut the camp into quarters. Neela’s horse was tethered to the family pennon post. There was a second horse there, far better than the one Sylah rode into camp, and the girl presented it as a gift from her father, grinning happily at her pleased surprise.
“My horse is Sunflyer,” she said. It was only conversation, but for Sylah the naming brought back the unsettling memory of the Mountain warrior’s laughter. The girl prattled on. “I’ve always called yours Copper, but you can call her whatever you want.”
“Copper she is,” Sylah said. “I’m very impressed. I mean, a horse—so expensive a gift.”
Neela waited for her to mount, then led the way. “The tribe owns thousands of horses. Everyone has at least five, even children who have to be lifted up to ride. Our law says there has to be a horse tethered outside every family tent for every person over five years old—unless the horse is being ridden, of course. It’s so we can’t be surprised without them.” She made a face, pointing at Sylah’s boots. “You won’t need spurs anymore. We never use them.”
“I should think you’d be called the Horse People. The only dogs I’ve seen are Gan’s.”
The dogs were companions, Neela explained, bred to hunt and fight beside Nightwatch men. They were dangerously protective of their masters, and barred from the camp except when their presence was necessary. Horses were trading capital, although it was forbidden to sell a war-horse. Dogs were never sold.
Sylah soon realized their ride wasn’t as aimless as Neela pretended. They were moving deeper and deeper into her South quarter.
The change in the people was apparent. Neela was liked in the North quarter; people smiled and waved freely. In her home district the feeling was different, and Sylah had difficulty defining it until she remembered seeing one of Altanar’s sons ride through a fair. Those greetings carried warmth, too. And a hint of fear. Not for the actual person—the son was something like eighth in line for the throne, and utterly without influence—but for the fact that this was someone with access to vast authority.
The small observation was an insight more powerful than words. The people acknowledged Neela as a princess. That could only mean they saw her father as a king.
She wondered how soon they intended to make that a truth. And how they’d do it.
Preoccupied, she was caught short when Neela reined to a stop in front of a particularly large tent. Its entire front was thrown open to garner the last of the day’s light and as much fresh air as possible. A short distance to the side stood an elongated furnace about five feet high, its fires generating a steady bass rumble. More striking than the noise, the clay wall sealing the front end portrayed a snarling face. A ceramic plug filled the mouth opening, and a smaller one blocked a smaller hole in the face’s eye. As they watched, a compact, muscular man clad only in leather shorts yanked the smaller plug to inspect the fiery interior. Looking up, he saw the riders and grinned. When the plug was replaced, he stepped outside to greet his visitors. Away from the sweltering heat, the cold air struck clouds of steam from his sweating body. Hands on hips, he said, “I know you, Rose Priestess Sylah. My name is Saband Guyd, first smith of the Dog People, and South Clan member. Welcome to my version of the Land Under.”
It was a bold jest, using Church’s name for the place of afterlife punishment, comparing it to the fire and noise of his work.
She liked him for it. “I know you, Saband Guyd. Are you so terrible that you deserve that world alive and dead?”
His laughter bellowed. “Come in, Priestess. And you, little Neela—I never see you anymore. Your brothers are here frequently.”
“You used to make necklaces and jewelry. Now it’s just war things. Why would I come here?”
A muscle in his jaw twitched, but he remained jovial. “To brighten our day. Maybe I’d even find time to make a copper bracelet for you.” He turned to Sylah. “What can I show you, Priestess? Here we still work in stone, as well as use the most modern tools.” He stepped to a machine and patted it fondly. “As good as any in Ola. A lathe, for arrow shafts. Every one exactly like every other. We can put on a point of flint, obsidian, bronze, steel—not just iron, but good steel. You know anything of my art?”
“I know that repairing damage done by your wicked toys forces me to use my art.”
He burlesqued a huge wince, staggered, clutched his chest. “I wish my blades had an edge like your tongue.”
She laughed with him, but quickly grew serious. “Do you have trouble finding metal? I heard they found a very large godkill in Ola recently, and it’s mining out well. Do you dig godkill sites, too?”
“We have. We don’t like it. Some of them were radzones, and we don’t know which ones. We prefer honest ore. In the olden times radzones and unseen were so feared that Dog law said anyone who so much as touched something of giant-make was to be executed. We’re modern now, though, and not so fearful. Still, a man never knows what went into the giants’ metal. When I use ore, I know what I’ll get.”
“This is where you treat the ore?” Sylah asked.
He smiled. “No. This is where I make my steel. Iron is melted outside the camp. There are rituals, special prayers—from the earliest times.” An almost imperceptible change swept over him. The intensity was too great to escape her, yet was swift and vague as cloud shadow. His voice and his small gesture toward the furnace were perfectly casual as he continued, “Nothing goes in the door without being properly prepared and tested. You understand.”
Her skin crawled. She knew—and he did, too—that the knowledge of iron and steel dated back to the Teachers. It was why smiths were a breed apart. Their forge was their altar, and Church ignored them, saying she’d despaired of controlling them generations ago.
Part of her yearned to duel with him, challenge him to say more. Years of weighing every word had bred a caution that was part of her, however. “Can you tell me about your steel?”
He nodded. “I mix bits of iron with wood chips and secret earths in heavy clay pots. We seal them, then heat them until the iron becomes liquid. After it’s allowed to cool, I break the pots and make weapons from the steel inside. My steel.” He took a brightly new murdat from a scabbard and buried the point in the log butt holding his anvil. Slowly, steadily, he bent the weapon almost double. When he released it, it sprang back. With a smug look he ran it down his arm, piling up shaved hair in a neat little windrow.
A demanding, careless voice interrupted. It filled the tent. “I know you, Rose Priestess Sylah. I’ve been looking for you.” She turned to see Faldar Yan enter. He and Saband exchanged formal greetings. When the smith turned away, Faldar advanced to stand beside her. “Walk with me, Priestess; there are things to be said for your ears only.” She let him take her elbow and guide her to the horses. He handed her reins up to Neela, and Sylah noted wryly there was no need for him to instruct her to take them and lead Copper back the way they’d come.
When Neela was gone, Sylah noticed the two young men. The taller was a full head above his companion, yet something in their stances made Sylah feel the shorter was the authoritative one. Even when he assumed a subordinate position, walking slightly behind as the two of them came toward herself and Faldar, she had the impression he was playing a role.
“My eldest son, Bay.” Faldar proudly indicated the larger youth. He was about Gan’s age, she decided, but where Gan was supple, this man suggested rocklike solidity. She remembered one of the Abbess’ remarks; some Dog men bragged that they’d rather break than bend. It was a humorous turn of phrase then. Staring up at Bay, it lost any hint of comedy.
His companion, Likat, was gaudy, a dandy. The right half of his head was shaved. A large spider was drawn in red on the bare skin. The hair to the left of the center line was long. Sleekly oiled, it was plaited in long braids and studded with bits of glass and glossy stones. She’d noticed some of the younger warriors affected the style, as opposed to the close-cropped majority. Bright feathers, cleverly sewn into flowers, sprouted on his vest, which was already ornately decorated with a running line that snaked into silhouettes of animals and birds.
She chafed under the distraction of Faldar’s prattle about his eldest son’s qualities of leadership, and other doting trivia. Likat demanded attention. Something about his studied indifference to the conversation made her suspicious, so she was watching him when his gaze swung to Neela’s back. She would have sworn he tensed like a stalking leopard.
Faldar directed both young men to follow and assure his talk with Sylah wasn’t disturbed. This time it was Bay who noticed Likat’s hot stare after his sister. He grinned, bending forward to whisper in his friend’s ear. Startled, Likat’s first reaction was to turn bright red, but he said nothing, recovering quickly to produce an answering leer.
A breathy roar from behind startled her, and she twisted to see Saband opening the furnace’s blazing mouth while a boy pumped furiously on a bellows. Saband looked directly at her. The fiery glow leaping from the hole painted his face and bared teeth red. She was sure he was going to speak, but he merely waved and turned away.
The insistent strength of Faldar’s hand on her arm turned her. As they walked, he spoke with elaborate carelessness. “Did your king tell you of our negotiations? Of his efforts to enlist us in his attack on Harbundai?”
The shock of it made her stumble, nearly lose her balance. Altanar had led her to believe there was no contact with these people. Was there no truth anywhere? How could she deal with this surprise? She must have time to think. Faldar was watching, vastly amused. Her words sounded strangled to her own ears. “Church is no part of such things!”
They continued walking. Faces smiled at her from doorways, from passersby. Logic told her the expressions were friendly. Her emotions twisted them into smirks.
In the silence, memory of the Abbess’ words rang in her ear. We must protect Harbundai. The Queen Mother is struggling to save Church, to protect women. You will be forgiven any crime, any act, but you must keep the Dog People out of that war!
Faldar ushered her into his tent, where she obediently took a seat on the cushions indicated. He sprawled comfortably in front of her. Bay and Likat took up positions at the door. Coming out of her mental fog, she noticed that Bay posed just outside, letting everyone know he was guarding the important things being discussed in his home. Likat squatted inside, arms folded across the tops of his knees, chin resting there. The position hid his eyes, yet she caught glimpses of their shine, and knew he was peering up at her through his lashes. As much as she disliked meeting his predator’s stare, she preferred that to this shadowy observation.
“Church has made no move to cooperate with my tribe for two generations,” Faldar said. “Now, when we’re involved in a power struggle, and I’m conducting secret negotiations with your king, Church suddenly honors us with our own War Healer. Don’t insult me by denying that you spy for Church or Altanar. Probably both. Tell your leaders this: Church can work among us so long as she doesn’t interfere with me in any way. I’ll control the tribe by the time we reach our summer camp. We can attack Harbundai any time after that, but it’s Altanar’s responsibility to provide us a cleared pass through the Enemy Mountains.”
He nodded, indicating she had permission to speak. In spite of all that had gone before, that small condescension infuriated her beyond everything else. Her voice rose to defiance. “I will not be used this way! I am a War Healer, not to be harmed!”
Complacent, Faldar waved away her protest. “Harm you? Priestess, I’ve shared my secrets openly, put myself in grave danger. Not that you’d consider informing on me.” His eyes flicked toward the watching Likat, and he winked suggestively before continuing. “Just as I’d never inform on you, of course, because we all know that not even Church can shield a spy.” He rose ponderously, fixing her with a cold gaze before leaving. “You will be used, you know. Accept it and profit, or suffer needlessly.”
It took a moment for her to get her breath back. When she got up to leave, Bay was gone, leaving Likat as the sole guard. He looked up, wearing a sleepy smile, forcing her to push past him to get out. As she reached to fling back the exit flap, he clamped a hand on her ankle. Reflexively, she kicked at it. He was on his feet before she could move, spinning her across the room, backing her against a pole. She struggled for a moment, then realized he was laughing at her, enjoying the unequal struggle. She stopped, composed herself. “This is a mistake,” she said. “Let me go. Now. Before there’s trouble.”
He leaned into her with the weight of his body. “You’re the one who should worry about trouble, Priestess.” His face was practically touching hers. He lowered his gaze to where the rise of her breast pressed against him, then slowly rolled his chest from side to side. “You’re going to be here for a long time,” he said. “Faldar can be very harsh with people. You need someone to speak for you. To protect you.”
She glared, disdainful. “You disgust. If Church hears—“
“I spit on your Church.” The cruel mockery disappeared. A look she knew too well was on him. She had feared being murdered once. Now she did again.
He was raising her skirt. She gasped and twisted at the touch of his flesh on hers. He grabbed her throat, crushing a rising cry before it could escape. In seconds she was drowning in a red-black mist that stole her vision, her strength.
Somewhere, far away, a voice called. It wasn’t for her, but she strained to answer, desperate for help. A sharp pain under her left breast snapped her eyes open. Likat’s face hovered over hers, slick-shining under greasy sweat.
She tried once more to cry out.
The pain in her breast came again, much sharper. She looked down to see him holding a short knife there, its point out of sight in the material. He moved his hand, and the pain became a burning coal. He clapped the other hand over her mouth.
“Not a word.” He was closer now, the words rank with his breath. “Say anything, and I swear I’ll kill you. Tell me you understand!”
She nodded, managed something that sounded like yes. He watched her for another second, speculating. His lips twisted, and he gave the short knife one final jab, keeping her quiet with the other hand. “We’ll talk again. That’s to help you remember,” he snarled.
A wash of light flooded the room. A dismayed Neela cried. “What happened?” and then Sylah was lifting her head.
Likat answered. “She fainted. There’s been too much travel, too much to learn. It just overcame her. She says she’s all right. Aren’t you, Priestess?”
Sylah nodded. Her view wandered past Neela. Bay’s attention was directed at his sister. He seemed to resent the girl’s concern. Oddly, when he finally did look at Likat, his face was a careful blank. Likat met it with an easy smile.
They all helped Sylah to her feet. She clutched her collar to cover any bruises on her throat. Her whole left breast throbbed, the pain radiating from the wound like heat from a flame. A trickle of blood inched down her side. By wrapping her cloak around herself, she assured that no one saw anything. Unsteady, she let them support her through the exit. Outside, free, she threw off Likat’s hand with a violence that nearly tumbled her.
Her step was firm by the time she and Neela reached their tent. She let the girl make tea and fuss over her for a few minutes, then pleaded the need to be alone to rest.
The sight of her violated flesh filled her with revulsion, not for the ugly little wound, but because it made her feel, all over again, the degradation and shame he’d caused her during the episode.
When she was finished treating herself, she rummaged through her equipment until she found a small leather bag. Opening it, she sniffed at the contents. The fragments of dried leaves and bark gave off a mustiness that conjured images of darkness and unseen things that scuttled. Properly steeped, as a tea, the blended materials induced a hypnosis that opened a victim’s mind, turning it into a receptacle for commands, a powerless thing as soft as blossoms. A heavy touch, however, made the brain a permanent playground for madness.
Several herb-witches had died very unpleasantly before Altanar’s torturers found the one who revealed the ingredients.
Only Sylah, ministering to the poor creature’s last breaths, heard her repeat herself as she slipped into her next life.
She held out the sack, crooning. “We’ll make them pay, my little friend. Let’s see how anxious Faldar Yan is to send his savages against Harbundai when I’ve taken his precious daughter there as hostage.”


Chapter 8
In the existence of the cave, it was less than a moment after the crescendo of destruction created by the earthquake and the sudden onset of new lights and heat before a new sound filled its spaces. In the terms of man, it was almost a full day. The sound was a whir of gentle competence, as though machines of compassion worked at their tasks. Another of man’s day-periods passed before there was yet another sound. The mewing complaint begged to be heard.
When it stopped, the reborn silence pulsed with significance.
The lights grew brighter gently, never exceeding a dim, dusklike quality.
Wreckage was strewn wildly throughout the area, which now stood revealed as an altered natural site, with man-made side rooms and a floor of level concrete. Hundreds of large glass and metal objects with the ominous ballistic lines of missiles lay on the floor, some crushed under fallen boulders, most trailing snapped wires and tubes. Once arranged in two neat opposed rows, each shape on its own low, wheeled table, they were now in terrible disarray.
A large machine with flexible arms and clawlike grips for hands lay on its side in what had been the aisle between the rows. A metal snake of a nose extended from its front, drooping to the floor, the red bulb at its end now lifeless.
More noise started in the cave, a whine similar to the first sounds. Groans came from one of the shapes, one marked by a small, steady white light.
In the distance another noise started, a high-speed humming. Lurching out of a room cut into the rock wall of the main cave, a dusty little machine about three feet square thrust itself importantly into the mangle of shapes and rocks, fat wheels spinning. It jammed solidly against the mess within a foot of its exit. The tires continued to rotate. In a while they gave off curling wisps of smoke that drifted gently in the direction of the groan, which rose again.
A shape that still remained on its wheeled carriage trembled, thereby identifying the source of the cries. A horizontal line appeared on its side, as if the thing would open like an elongated clamshell. The top seemed almost to rise, then was still. A few moments later it visibly lifted, only to fall once more.
Some yards distant a second shape did exactly the same thing. Far away, yet another made more complaining sounds.
Whirring even more impatiently, the square machine seemed ready to explode in sheer frustration.
With a loud clatter the top of the first shape flung completely open.
The ceiling lights glowed more brightly yet.
The tires of the square vehicle blew out.
One of the white lights flickered. Died. The melancholy octave-spanning signal started, and for a moment the red light of the clawed machine glinted. A dull click told of an electric motor inside its dented body refusing to function.
Something moved in the shape with the raised lid.
Inch by agonized inch a man wearing denim shorts and a tee-shirt of heavy mesh fought to rise to a sitting position. The face was young, the body muscular. Stone-faced, he waged a gray, gasping struggle. A pulse chugged in his throat. Occasionally he made a sound. It was the weak, kittenish cry of the previous silence. Only the unmistakable agony of it kept it from being ludicrous.
There was a shelf next to him in the shape. It was lined with things that looked like small pumps, miniature distilling devices or purification equipment, all whizzing and clicking busily. Clear tubes led from each device to the man, and their liquids flowed into him through large, shining needles. A network of insulated wires spider-webbed his body, each ending at a metal disk on his bare flesh. They were all gathered together as a larger cable that disappeared through a hole in the shape, to reappear as a sort of umbilical cord leading to the side room.
Upright from the waist, he worked to disengage himself from the tubes. He was still expressionless, and he moved with such infinite slowness he might have been uninvolved in the process. White flesh puckered and gripped the needles as he pulled them free. Trickles of blood marked their going. When the electrodes at the ends of the wires were lifted from their points of contact, his muscles writhed.
He never changed expression.
The blank face lied. His eyes were glitteringly alive.
They boiled with fear.
When the last connection was gone, a desperate lunge tumbled him out of the confining shape. He collapsed in an untidy pile on the floor. Unable even to crawl, he slithered like a reptile toward the square machine.
He passed out three times covering the ten feet to where the wheel rims busily gouged into the cement. During one of his unconscious periods another shape door lifted. No one appeared, however, and the white light flickered menacingly several times. Another voice rose from another location. That white light remained stable.
On reaching the square machine, the man continued to move with the same sluggishness, searching out the clasps that held the top down, then opening it. Spent, he sagged, panting, then clawed his way up until he could reach inside. A stainless-steel water bottle lay there, and he cried as he fumbled it open. He drank greedily, almost retching, then rested.
Minutes later, visibly stronger, he pulled wires free until the machine’s wheels stopped spinning. Then he found the food pellets. They were small, not much larger than peas, but it took several tries to get one in his mouth. That accomplished, he discovered he couldn’t chew. Rolling the thing around softened it, mixed it with water residue and saliva. He had as much trouble swallowing as chewing, and the resultant mess streamed down his chin. He wiped it off and tried again. He got three more pellets down, actually chewing the last one.
He slept.
He knew he was stronger as soon as he woke. When he tried to stand, though, it was as if there were no bones in his body, so he contented himself with more snakelike wriggling, this time shoving the water bottle ahead of him and clutching a handful of food pellets in each hand. He headed for the shape with the open door.
Another man looked up at him, his only sign of life a rapid blinking of his eyes.
The free man recognized in the other the terror he’d felt earlier.
He dribbled water on the pale lips, forced part of a pellet past them. Forming the words was excruciating. He said, “Hear me? Hear?” The eyes blinked several times.
“Conway.” He repeated it, “Conway.” His voice sounded like no one he’d ever heard. “You eat.” He slumped to the floor, drained. A rattling crash announced that someone else lived. He moved that way, found the strength to go over some rock instead of detouring around it. He popped another pellet in his mouth, chewing it with such sober concentration as he scuffled along that he realized how ridiculous he must look, and he felt his face move in what he could only guess was a smile.
Conway managed to give water and food to four more people, but when he attempted to reach another, he fainted again. When he woke, that white light was gone. He beat his fist on one of the fallen shapes. It was precariously balanced on a piece of dislodged rock, and Conway’s blows toppled it. The already loosened door sprang open. A woman’s body fell out, arms and legs flailing as if attacking him, long blond hair shrouding his face. He screamed and kicked himself back, slamming painfully against another shape. This one fell with a great crashing of glass.
Behind him a voice called, wordless, frightened. He worked his way around, breathless as much from shock as exertion. A woman was attempting to escape as he had. He remembered feeding pellets to a woman. Perhaps two? More? His mind brought up flashes, nothing coherent.
She was dressed in a more modest sleeveless jacket in place of the mesh tee-shirt the men wore. The denim shorts were identical. Angry marks indicated where she’d taken out the sustaining needles. She gestured at her mouth, and he made his way to her with food and water.
Instead of forcing herself directly out of the cabinet, she worked at a series of isometric exercises, pushing against her own strength. Something like joy flooded him as he watched the color changes in her limbs and features. When she did crawl over the side, he helped her, and she made the transition in surprisingly good style.
“Conway,” he said. “Matthew Conway.”
She tried to speak, dribbled, and turned away with an uncoordinated jerk that made her sway.
“No worry,” he said. “Me, too.”
He showed her the food machine, and when the next voice sounded, they both went to it.
Within a few hours they were each tending three other people, none of whom showed either the strength or inclination to separate from their pump-driven support system. The woman was able to speak by then, and she introduced herself to Conway as best she could. “Nancy Yoshimura. Electronics tech.”
He tapped his chest. “Traffic manager.”
That was when they acknowledged the masses of shapes, hundreds of them, stretching down the length of the cave as far as the eye could see. Even as they watched, small white lights were winking off. The emergency call had choked to silence without their notice. When she looked back at him, her eyes were blurred with tears, but when she started toward the latest shape to open, she cried out and fell clutching legs knotted in cramps. Together, they massaged until the muscles relaxed. It was as much effort as either could manage. They fell asleep where they lay.
* * *
Nancy woke first, screaming. Conway spun around, grabbing her shoulders, shaking her. She continued until he shouted her name. She quieted then, and a drink of water ended the outburst.
“I didn’t know where I was,” she said, “and then I opened my eyes and saw all the crèches, and I knew.” Her eyes flew wide. “My God, I’m talking! Normally!”
He nodded, afraid to try himself, despite the earlier shout. He worked his mouth, then blurted “How do I sound?” almost as one word.
“Great. Oh, God—wonderful. How do you feel? I think I’m stronger. I know I am.” She added emphasis by getting her feet under her and rising, using the food machine for support. He followed her lead. Swaying, holding on, they grinned at each other. Then, almost simultaneously, their gaze swept the scene around them. Conway spoke first. “It’s a disaster. We have to try to save the others.”
“I lost one last night. I didn’t want to tell you.”
“What went wrong? They said there’d be attendants.”
“They warned us. Everyone went in with their eyes open.”
He grimaced, dropped the subject. “Can you deal with these here? I’ll get something to carry food pellets and water and go as far as I can.”
“Is there a radio? You know, so we can talk?” She shivered. “I don’t want to be alone.”
“Then help me out of this box.” The voice frightened a yelp out of Yoshimura. Moving with more certainty now, they hurried to look in at the man who’d spoken. He was older than they, with close-cropped hair showing the first flecks of gray. Pale blue eyes watched their faces, revealing nothing. He spoke again, and although it was still rasping, there was no mistaking the purposeful manner. “I got rid of the needles, but I can’t seem to coordinate. The electrostimulator’s working on my muscles; I can feel it. I’ve been lying here practicing talking and trying to move, and then I heard you. Be something if the only thing working is my mouth, wouldn’t it? I think I’m okay. You’re Conway. Gave me water and food. It’s hazy, but I remember thinking something was wrong. How’re the others?”
Conway handed him a food pellet. The man took it with stiff fingers, but he managed to feed himself and take a drink. Then he said, “I’m Burl Falconer. Colonel, U.S. Army. You didn’t answer me. What’s wrong?”
Nancy said, “Maybe if you sat up, Colonel?”
He glanced at her shrewdly before he extended a hand. Upright from the waist, he looked around him and blinked. “Catastrophe. Worse than I feared.”
Conway said, “I’m going to see what the rest of the cave looks like.”
Falconer nodded. “Hurry. They said we had to have attention within forty-eight hours after the thaw starts. I—Wait a minute. You’re not attendants. Who helped you, Conway?”
“Nobody. I got out.”
“So. It can be done, then. Never mind. See what you can learn. What’s your name, young woman?”
“Nancy Yoshimura.”
“Well, Yoshimura, help me out of this thing and I’ll help you while Conway scouts.”
It was several hours before Conway returned. When he did, he made no effort to disguise his anger at the sight of Falconer working on the clawed machine. The red bulb at the end of its tubular nose was glowing again, and it was on its wheels. Another man pulled his hand out of the motor compartment as Conway walked up. Conway ignored him.
“What’s the matter with you?” he demanded. “We’ve got lives to save. Leave the machines alone!”
“I’m working to save lives. So is Leclerc. Louis Leclerc, Matt Conway; Conway, Leclerc. Louis is a chemist. Matt’s a traffic manager.”
The small, dark man, looking up with quick eyes that seemed to memorize all of Conway’s features in one quick glance, grunted and went back to his efforts.
Conway turned to Yoshimura. “How could you let him do this? You’re losing people every minute! It’s even worse at the far end—the rocks broke open hundreds—” He choked, shook his head. “Maybe twenty of us. Out of over a thousand.”
Falconer worked his way upright. “And we’ll die if we don’t get rid of the bodies.” Conway blanched, and Falconer’s words drilled at him. “There are no attendants, Conway. They left for a reason. It wasn’t the earthquake, or they’d be here now. Whatever’s outside, we certainly won’t be strong enough to deal with it for a few days. In the meantime, we’re trapped with over a thousand decomposing bodies. Help us dispose of them, or we join them. Take your pick.”
He shook his head. “I can’t. It’s too…” He failed to find the word.
“Then stop whining at me,” Falconer said. “I mean to survive this, and your delicacy’s getting in the way.”
“I saved you! I wasn’t too delicate for that, was I?”
“And I’m grateful. Thank you. Now, I’ve got work to do. Excuse me.” He knelt to speak to Leclerc. “How’s it look?”
In answer, the man connected a wire to a terminal. The electric motor hummed easily. Immediately, the tube-mounted eye was alive, seeking. Leclerc touched a switch and it went out.
“Useless,” he said, pointing at the lights mounted on wands above the places where the crèches had rested. “See, each of our cryogenic crèches has three lights. Green, for a correctly running system. When the life-suspension failed for any reason, this machine was alerted sonically, and it sought the automatic red light, disposing of the contents.”
“My God.” Conway reached to support himself with a hand on the wall. “Contents. My God.”
“The dear departed, if you prefer,” Falconer said sardonically. “We have to find out where it put us, and quickly.”
Conway’s jaw set. “We can take our chances outside. Whatever’s there is better than this.”
“Don’t be foolish.” Yoshimura joined them. Conway was startled by how haggard she appeared. He also noted that she avoided looking at the machine. She went on, “I entered the cry facility here the same day the first missiles hit. They lectured us hard about the nuclear winter, about the radiation dangers, about the probable pestilence. Our responsibility is to survive, to help put together what’s left outside this cave. The Colonel’s right—the attendants abandoned us for a reason. What if this damage is the result of a nuclear strike, and not an earthquake? What if the nuclear winter’s still going on out there? Or high levels of radioactivity? We save no one if we don’t save ourselves.”
“I’ll work to bring the living up to strength,” Conway said. “The mechanics can deal with their machines and the dead.” He stormed away, not looking back. Yoshimura made a helpless gesture at Falconer and Leclerc. The smaller man remained expressionless, but Falconer nodded understanding. “He’ll be all right. We all will.” He turned to Leclerc. “Let’s get on with it.”
Leclerc fiddled with the machine’s works. Thin wires, like antennae, extended from its front. They played across a crèche, sensing devices, relaying information to some sort of internal computer. The machine paused, digesting the data, then moved to sever the single cable that was the crèche’s electrical umbilical cord. Another move, and the claws were directly opposite two recessed handles in the metal shape. Slowly, as if aware of the solemnity of its task, it hoisted its burden and proceeded down the aisle.
Falconer moved to follow. Unsure joints and muscles gave him a burlesque clockwork action of his own. The small smile he turned on Yoshimura was pained. He said, “My first job in the rebuilding of my country—disposing of its dead.”
Leclerc stopped the machine while he cleared a rock from the path. Yoshimura moved quickly to touch Falconer’s arm. “It has to be done. You’re doing the right thing. It’ll be over soon, and things’ll be better when we get out of here.”
He covered her hand with his for a moment before bending to help Leclerc. Over his shoulder he said, “That’s the courage we’ll need.”


Chapter 9
The eleven other survivors sat in a rough semicircle in front of Falconer. All wore new trousers and jackets in blotched camouflage pattern, making it difficult to differentiate the six women from the five men at a quick glance. An open doorway behind Falconer led to a huge underground warehouse. Remains of shelves and crates jutted infrequently from under tons of fallen rock. The group’s hushed conversation reverberated eerily down the crèche-littered reaches of the cave. Physical actions and voices were essentially normal as bodies adjusted to movement.
Falconer jerked a thumb at the scene over his shoulder. “That warehouse held the material that was supposed to bring us up to speed in the reconstruction effort. There’s plenty of food for those of us who survived the earthquake, but hardly any equipment. Weapons in abundance. Lots of clothing. That’s it.”
Leclerc spoke up. “Explain about the air lock.”
Falconer nodded. “That’s a funny thing. When we followed the disposal machine”—Conway made a noise, which Falconer ignored—“we discovered it loaded the crèches into the evacuation chute we were all briefed about, the one leading to the underground river. We were expected to use the chute to get rid of waste while we lived here and built up our strength, remember? Anyhow, they altered it while we were frozen. It’s equipped with an air lock now, big enough to handle four crèches at a time. A valving system used to prevent untreated air from leaking in when the lock’s operated. It’s broken, too. The good news is that the valve’s jammed open, and the pumps are pulling in fresh air from outside. We found a portable radiation detector that works; we can guarantee the air in here’s clean in that respect. We’re pretty sure we still have a slightly positive air pressure, too.”
“Does the Colonel think it’s safe to go out?” It was the single black person in the group, a tall, slim woman. Conway knew her only to shake hands and exchange names. Her general appearance first made him think of a model. She had the sweeping cheekbones and a challenging sensuality in her curiously tilted eyes. Her manner and carriage changed his guess to military. Her use of the third person in her question convinced him.
Falconer answered her. “The fresh air only compounds our dilemma, Tate. We know all incoming air was to be treated as long as the NBC equipment detected identifiable nuclear, biological, or chemical hazards. Unfortunately, except for the rad detector, we’ve lost contact with all outside sensors. We’re totally isolated.”
A short, heavy man said, “Then why’d they activate the thaw process?”
“We don’t know, uh, Harris; right, Steven Harris. Sorry. I’m still getting the names right. Anyhow, Ivan Karoli here is a communications technician, and he’s been working our radio. We’ve got power, and he’s sure we’re transmitting. He says we’re not raising anyone, and no one’s trying to raise us.”
Harris faced Karoli, who was a burly man, tall. He had to look up to ask, “Have you tried any frequencies except the one we were assigned?”
Karoli shrugged. “Everything I can reach. I have to wonder if they’re not still firing high-altitude nukes, screwing up electrical equipment with electromagnetic surge.”
“Quite likely.” The new contributor was another woman. Graying black hair drawn back in a severe bun failed to detract from a soft, olive complexion and luminous eyes. “For those of you I haven’t met, I’m Margaret Mazzoli. Everybody just call me Madge, please. Communications is my specialty.” She smiled at Karoli. “Organization, not technical maintenance.” Then, businesslike again, “Our war games indicated a need for long periods of radio silence, as well as prearranged irregular schedules of activity. I suggest we confine ourselves to listening. If this structural damage came from a nuclear weapon, we shouldn’t be advertising our exact location. Or our existence, for that matter.”
“She’s right.” Harris wheezed excitement. “Someone activated the automatics that thawed us. They obviously did it with a radio signal when they realized what damage the earthquake—or bomb—did here.”
“I don’t think so, Harris.” Conway fiddled with his collar, nervous under the pressure of the group’s anxious attention. “If they wanted to revive us, they’d have sent attendants.”
Another man interrupted in a calm, reasonable voice. “I’m sure they did send attendants, and that something happened to them.” He smiled easily, and Conway was startled to realize he couldn’t remember similar behavior from anyone else. It was to be expected in his case, though; Pastor John Jones was a negotiations specialist, famous for ending several hostage-taking incidents favorably. He went on, “They wouldn’t just push a button and bring us out to face this.” He waved in the general direction of the destroyed crèches. His eyes remained fixed on Conway.
Falconer said, “They told us they’d keep attendants here, Pastor. They didn’t. They turned us over to machines.”
Conway said, “I believe the answer’s in that air pump. If you were going to leave a cryogenic preservation center tended by equipment, instead of people, you’d want positive protective measures. I think they set up a zero humidity situation under pressure.”
“Why not a vacuum?”
“Because if a minor leak develops in a vacuum, you either physically patch it or the vacuum fails. In a positive system, a minor leak acts as its own entry denial. Obviously, a big enough break defeats the pump. I suspect the earthquake triggered the thaw machinery without knocking out the pressure maintenance system at the same time.”
Harris said, “You’re saying we almost all died because a sensor got banged around?”
“It doesn’t matter.” Falconer’s tone warned him. “None of this matters. We’re going outside.”
He moved toward a steel door nearly a hundred yards away. It was round, mounted in a polished steel frame that filled the dimensions of the tunnel. A series of four spoked wheels mounted on the circular slab of the door itself controlled extended metal arms that led to worm-geared locking bolts. The latter disappeared into the frame and penetrated beyond and into the rock itself. When closed, it was a seal. Conway remembered the general description from the supposedly calming small talk when they prepared him for cryogenic suspension. He’d thought at the time the thing looked like the door on a bank vault, and had taken an inexplicable dislike to it.
Leclerc picked up the radiation detector and followed Falconer.
Before they’d gone more than a few steps, Yoshimura said, “You’re forgetting biological and chemical agents, Colonel. Shouldn’t we at least go through the supply warehouse and try to find test equipment?”
He turned a taut grin on her. “I wish I could forget them. We’ve already got outside air coming in here and no way of knowing if it’s treated. If it’s not…” He turned up his palms. Then he added, “Our major problem is right here; we’re trapped with over a thousand bodies. I originally hoped we could dispose of them, but there are simply too many, and the passageway too obstructed. We’ve got to get out before—” Mazzoli’s quick intake of breath stopped him. He looked at her horrified expression, coughed, and let the sentence go unfinished.
The Pastor said, “We can’t simply walk off and leave our companions, Colonel. You’re a professional soldier, and I realize spiritual matters aren’t your highest priority, but I feel we should at least try to provide them a burial with proper services. I mean no offense.”
Falconer paused, and something in his manner caused Conway to tense, but the answer came with a softness and consideration that was a surprise. “None taken, Pastor. Later, though, please. The living, then the dead.”
The Pastor nodded, resigned to the logic, and the group continued toward the door. Conway bumped shoulders with Yoshimura, drawing his attention to the way they were all unconsciously closing ranks, moving closer to each other. Twelve strong, their faces all reflecting awareness that they advanced on an unknown world, they picked their way through the rubble.
When they reached the door, they formed into work parties of three without instruction, each team taking a locking wheel as their project. None opened easily. As the first was forced, it cracked loudly, followed immediately by a shrill, startling squeal as the locking bolt backed out of its hole. A spontaneous cheer erupted from the other teams. The Pastor took a small victory bow, and the others attacked their wheels with greater spirit. Two more came free exactly as the first, and were greeted with similar applause.
Conway, Yoshimura, and a large woman named Bernhardt strained at the fourth. The veins bulging in their necks were soon bright with sweat. Karoli and Falconer tapped the women on the shoulder and took their places.
Grudgingly, with no sudden crack, but with an angry, grinding sound, the bolt gave ground. From the corner of his eye, Conway caught Falconer’s frown, and followed the Colonel’s troubled gaze to the point of his concern. A deep scratch marred the extracted metal rod, pointing at the hole in the wall like an accusing finger. Conway noticed a thin, hissing sound. He twisted his head about, trying to locate the source.
It was at or near the place where the bolt was coming out. He shut his mind to the implications.
The appearance of the end of the bolt touched off a wild cheer that trailed off to contemplative silence as the full impact of its significance overruled the plain fact of accomplishment.
Conway tore his eyes away from the juncture of door and frame, anxious to avoid unnecessary alarm for his companions. Looking around, he saw a continuous shift of emotions ranging from happiness to worry, from confidence to fear.
“Well,” he said, “let’s find out what’s going on outside.”
The Pastor put a hand on his shoulder and said, “You gave me food and water in the crèche when I thought I was going to die. Whatever we find when we open the door, I thank you for what you did. I hope we’re heading into a world of peace.”
“Amen,” Karoli said, and everyone was busy shaking hands. There was some surreptitious brushing at eyes.
Falconer said, “Let’s all push together. We have to share this, all of us.”
Laughing, joking, the twelve moved to positions like children playing a game. Conway maneuvered to have the end position, nearest the insistent hiss that plagued his mind more than his hearing. He thought he caught a sharp glance from Falconer, but when he tried to verify it, the other man was lowering his shoulder to the door.
At the Colonel’s command, they heaved in unison.
Nothing happened.
Falconer laughed. “I knew this’d happen. It looks like a Navy door, it works like a Navy door. We’ll have to push harder. All together, when I say go. Okay, go!”
Again there was no perceptible effect, nor was there any joking. Instead, a soft murmur of concern, like the wind of a distant storm, moved through the group.
Conway was certain the hiss had changed.
He called Falconer to his side, pointing at the line of the juncture. “Air’s getting out through the seal. That’s why the lock was jammed tight and it’s why the door won’t open. It’s jammed.”
“Jammed?” Harris rushed up. His face was blotched red, his breathing ragged. “How can it be jammed? It’s unlocked!”
“The earthquake,” Conway said. “The frame’s twisted. Not enough to see.”
“Impossible! It weighs tons, it’s machined to a perfect fit. Any bend would show.”
“You can hear the air going through it. When we pushed, it got louder. It’s there.”
Leclerc gestured Falconer out of the way as he produced matches and a handkerchief. He lit the cloth, then snuffed the flame against the cement floor. The resulting smoke from the smoldering material sped for the line of the door and disappeared.
Falconer said, “Let’s try pushing some more.”
Desperation echoed in the grunting efforts. Falconer was the first to stop, standing back, thoughtful, inspecting the remorseless steel face. The concentrated efforts to push the door open degenerated to frustrated rage. They kicked, cursed, beat the cold, mocking metal until their hands were swollen. One by one, exhausted, they fell away or slumped to the ground where they stood. The last was Mazzoli. She remained upright, back against the surface, one hand on a wheel as though that delicate weight might find a way to free them. To no one in particular, she said, “We’re trapped. We can’t get out.”
“We’re not dead yet,” Falconer said.
The woman named Tate laughed harshly.


Chapter 10
The group shared a half-dozen camp stoves. The blue light of alcohol flames wavered under military field cooking pots full of simmering stews. Empty dehydrated-food packets identified military rations.
The closest pods were disposed of, creating a cleared area that extended several yards past the large side room housing the control panels and machinery for running the site. Conway looked at the blinking lights and dials, cursing their superiority, the cold technical efficiency that so far refused to admit them to any level of control. The only one to make any headway toward understanding what any of it did was Leclerc, and all he’d identified was the air circulation system. Nevertheless, they enjoyed the major blessing of unfailing electrical power. Leclerc was certain some of the instrumentation referred to a nuclear power source, but confessed his lack of specific knowledge.
More than that beckoned, however. Hopeful, covert eyes glanced continually from the cooking circle toward the door, invariably returning, sadder, to stare into some personal distance.
Stirring his dinner, Falconer said, “I’ve been thinking about the design of that thing.” No one had to ask what he meant. “As I remember, the hinges are on the right side, as we face out.”
“They’re on the left.” It was Harris, arguing with growling surliness. His face looked swollen. It was blotched with red patches.
Tate sneered. “Well, grab the memory expert. Aren’t you the one who said it couldn’t be stuck?”
He ignored her. Falconer asked, “Is anyone certain?”
Conway said, “They’re on the right.”
Harris got to his feet. “You people think you know everything. I’ve been watching you. You think I’m stupid. You’re the stupid ones, dead as the rest of them in their fancy pods. You’re not even smart enough to know that.” He kicked over his steaming pot and stomped through the door into the warehouse. They sat in abashed silence, listening to him thrashing about, shouting obscenities that echoed as hollow retorts.
Mazzoli busied herself cleaning up the mess of the dinner she’d meant to share with him.
Falconer said, “We’ve got plastic explosive in the warehouse, and primers. If I can find it in that wreckage, we might be able to blast the door free.”
“You’ll bring the roof down on us,” Karoli scoffed.
“Hor-rors.” Tate drew the word into a two-syllable drawl of sarcasm. “We die if we just sit here. We die if he blows us up. Maybe we step outside and get some disease or fill our lungs with nerve gas. Maybe we open up in time for the second nuke to hit us.”
“There was no bomb!” Mazzoli rose, twisting a handkerchief in white-knuckled hands. “We’ll find people working out there, recovering from the war. They’re waiting for us.”
“They’re dead.” Harris stood in the doorway, an apparition. His flat statement drummed in the warehouse behind him. He turned and disappeared again.
Mazzoli began to cry. Yoshimura left Conway’s side and hurried to her.
Falconer moved to Conway. He spoke quietly, assuring his words carried no farther. “Tate’s right; we have to chance it. Help me persuade the others.”
“Me? Make your own arguments, Colonel. You’re the leader.”
“You saved everyone’s lives, you and Yoshimura. We’re indebted to you. Because of that, you’re credited with position, whether you want it or not. We should present a united front.”
“Forget that. If I think you’re right, I’ll help you. If not, I’ll oppose you.”
“So be it. Now, what about the door?”
“It happens I agree with Tate. What can we lose?”
“Good.” Falconer rose and entered the warehouse.
Conway ate, looking up when Yoshimura returned with Mazzoli. The older woman’s nervousness was gone. She wore a strange, too-cheerful smile. She patted Conway’s arm. “Don’t overdo on this terrible food. I’ll fix you something special tomorrow, to celebrate. Everyone’s invited.”
He caught Yoshimura’s expressive silent plea for understanding. To Mazzoli he said, “Sounds great, Marge.”
She laughed gaily. “They’ll fly us to Seattle first, but then we’ll be off to Washington. Did I tell you that lovely Donnacee Tate—isn’t that a lovely name?—is a major in the Marines, and she was stationed in the District? Anyhow, we’ll all get together our first evening back for one of my special Italian dinners. You must see my garden; the azaleas are wonderful this time of year.”
One of the other women was standing on the other side of the cooking circle. She took a step toward Mazzoli. Conway remembered her name: Janet Carter. She was quite small, and intensity crackled around her, even her short, black hair glinting, as if giving off sparks. When she spoke, the quickness of her words and gestures made Conway think of an irritable little bird. She said, “Time of year? We don’t even know what year.”
Her companion, a plump young woman, more motherly in manner than her years would seem to indicate, shushed Carter, clearly embarrassed.
Mazzoli gave no sign she heard. “I turned the house over to my daughter-in-law when I was selected for the cryogenic project. I was one of the very first. My son—” The shine of her eyes dulled to grief. She inhaled deeply before continuing. “—My son was stationed in Germany when it started. People were saying they might never use the missiles, but I didn’t care, and afterward—afterward, they said they needed people without immediate family.” She stopped, as if tripped by a vagrant thought, then went on as if nothing had happened. “At least I know he died. So many people never heard anything. And now we’re all looking ahead. We’ll have lots to do, and work’s the answer, don’t you think?”
Conway said, “Certainly. That’s what we’ll do; build.”
“Was there much destruction?” Mazzoli said. “I saw nothing before I joined the project. Was it horrible?” She looked away, blinking furiously. A hand plucked at a loose thread.
“Be glad you didn’t see.”
“Oh, I am. Did you see the District? The suburbs? My daughter-in-law—Falls Church?”
Conway couldn’t tell her the complete truth. He was one of the last to go into the project, and then only because he evaluated his chances of survival as nil, either way. “I only saw the center of D.C. They took me out at night. The chopper to Dulles was sealed.”
“Did you see fires? Smoke?”
Conway looked down at his feet. “The nuclear winter was started, Madge. That’s all I know, really.”
Mazzoli sagged. Yoshimura touched her shoulder. “Walk with me. I’d appreciate some company.”
She started, recovered quickly. “The exercise’ll be good for me. Janet, will you and Sue come along? Let’s clean up here, then go see what we can find in the warehouse. I don’t think the Colonel and his friend really know how to look for things, do you? I always had to pack for my men, of course. Helpless, all of them.” She was still chattering as Conway watched the foursome collect their eating utensils and move to the washing area in the control room near the disposal shaft.
He was still staring after them when Falconer and Leclerc came back. Falconer took a position on a large boulder. His partner remained on the floor.
“Listen up, everyone!” Although the command voice projected confidence, Conway had the sensation that Falconer was working very hard at control. Still, his effect on the group was galvanic. Closed faces opened to growing excitement. The four women in the wash area hurried out to listen. He held out his hands, showing off khaki packages. A larger number were stacked on the ground beside Leclerc.
Falconer said, “We’re going to make it. There’s enough Hy-Pex here to turn that miserable door into steel wool. What I intend to do is hit it with what we call shaped charges. That’s explosives that direct their force in a primary direction. I’m going to shear off the hinges. The door will fall. We’ll walk out.”
“It’s too dangerous,” Carter said.
“There’s danger. Look, I want this to be democratic. We’ll vote—do we try to get out of here, or do we take our chances that help’s coming?”
“Some choice.” Karoli was unimpressed. Bernhardt, the woman who’d helped Conway at the door, eased over to stand beside him. “We’re a democracy when it’s convenient for you to duck sole responsibility. We vote on ‘When did you stop beating your wife?’ How do you know help’s not coming?”
Leclerc’s thin intensity was like a knife aimed at Karoli. “You’re the one supposed to find them. You tell us.”
“Why not blast?” Tate rose languidly, putting herself directly in front of Falconer and, more importantly, between Leclerc and Karoli. Conway was certain it was no accident. “Mama used to say, ‘Better be hanged for a goat than a sheep.’ Go ahead and make magic, Colonel.”
Falconer looked to Yoshimura and Mazzoli, then at Conway. “What’s everyone else think?”
Yoshimura drew herself to her full five-foot-two. “Go for broke.” Conway nodded silent agreement.
Mazzoli said, “Whatever everyone else wants is fine.” A muscle twitched in her cheek.
The Pastor disagreed. “If we’re to risk the lives of all, we should wait until we’re in extremis. Maybe later; not now.”
Karoli and Bernhardt looked at each other. The woman shrugged, and Karoli grinned. “We’ll go along,” he said.
The quiet women named Sue Anspach and Janet Carter leaned into hushed argument. The small woman pulled away and answered first. “Sue cancels me out. I say we wait.”
Anspach said, “I’m sorry, Janet.”
Falconer spread his arms, encompassing everyone. Conway realized it was a conciliatory gesture, yet he almost laughed aloud at the irony of a peacemaking sign complicated by several pounds of high explosive dangled from one hand and a packet of blasting caps in the other. Falconer said, “That’s seven for and two against, with Mazzoli not voting.”
Carter said, “What about Harris? Doesn’t his vote count?”
Falconer tensed. There was a hint of aggression in his manner. He said, “Leclerc and I didn’t mention him because we were afraid someone might think we used what’s happened to influence attitudes. There’s no nice way to tell you this: Harris hanged himself.”
Falconer leaped down from the boulder before the buzz of shocked questions was fully under way. His course took him close to Conway. Quietly, he said, “The group’s going to hell faster than I feared. ‘Then there were eleven.’ And the Mazzoli woman looks odd. You know anything?”
“Withdrawal, rejection—whatever. She’s on the edge of fantasy,” Conway said.
“Damn. ‘Then there were ten.’”
“Wrong, Falconer. We’re still eleven. If you’re going to play at being leader, spare us your fixation on counting our bodies, won’t you?”
Before Conway realized what was happening, he was on his toes, his collar twisted in Falconer’s fist, his breathing almost totally cut off. “You sanctimonious snot,” Falconer said. “Eighty-six of my men are dead here. Men I picked, trained, men I loved like family. Never speak to me about what my position means, you hear me? Never. I won’t warn you again.”
Conway saved himself from falling with an outflung hand as Falconer roughly shoved him away. He was massaging his neck when Yoshimura rushed up. “What happened?” she asked. “He’s losing his mind!” Her hands fluttered at his chest, afraid to light.
Conway said, “No harm. I said something stupid and he let me know it. Forget it.”
Carter sidled closer, confiding, “Military mind.” She nodded wisely, beaming a smile as fixed as paintwork. “Arrogant. We don’t have to take his crap, you know.”
Conway stared at Carter and Yoshimura. What he saw drove him to look at the others. There was something on their faces he’d not seen before. At first it looked like lust. Then he realized it was deeper, more dangerous. Restraints were breaking. They wanted a scapegoat.
He made excuses to get away, and watched Yoshimura resume her conversation with the same three women. She was back in a few minutes, saying, “Janet Carter insists we check on Harris. She’s not ready to believe he hanged himself. It should be investigated.” Seeing his uncertainty, she added, “You should be the first to wonder, after the way Falconer treated you.”
“He didn’t ‘treat’ me. He reacted perfectly normally to a stupid remark.”
“My God, you’re defending him. You’re as brainwashed as one of his tin soldiers.”
“I’m not—Yes, I am. I’m defending him, and there’s no reason for it. He hasn’t done anything.”
“All of us aren’t that sure. Even if we were, we can’t leave poor Harris the way he is. We’re getting Pastor Jones to come with us and bring him out. It’s only right.”
Conway said nothing, and Yoshimura flounced away. The four women and the Pastor huddled briefly. The women sent Conway poisonous glares before nervously entering the warehouse area.
Conway walked to where Falconer and Leclerc were busily hacksawing two sections of tubular air duct in equal lengths. Falconer greeted him with, “We can use another pair of hands. It’ll give you something else to think about. At least we’ve got the tools for this job.”
“What’s the duct for?”
“We pack the plastic inside in the shape of a hollow cone. It has to look like we jammed an ice-cream cone point first in the stuff and pulled it out, you follow? Next, we pile rubble so we can place the charge perpendicular to the door, with the wide end of the cone aimed at where we think the hinges are. If we guess right—if the explosive is properly shaped and just the right distance from the door—when we set it off, all the explosive force is formed into a single pillar of energy. It’ll go through this bastard like a hot nail through a butter patty.”
“And miss the hinges?” Falconer’s grin tightened. “We try again. If the mountain will let us. If we have enough Hy-Pex.”
“Listen,” Conway said, “there’s something you ought to know.”
“You mean about the budding mutiny?”
“You knew?”
“Read it in their faces. You know you’re being tarred with my brush, just helping here?”
“I said I’d help when I thought you were right. I don’t think I have any choice.”
Leclerc looked up from where he unwrapped rectangular blocks of cream-yellow explosive. His smile was wolfish. “Poor fool.” He went back to his task.
It took longer to properly stack the rock to form a platform for the shaped charges than it did to make them. When they were in place, Falconer inserted the wired blasting caps. He led the way back to the group. Leclerc followed, paying out cable.
The fear and hostility in the air was palpable. Falconer ignored it. Leclerc busied himself with his wires. Yoshimura and her three friends approached Conway as he stood off by himself. Carter opened the conversation.
“We found something we want to talk to you about before anything else happens,” she said.
He waited, and Yoshimura held out a briefcaselike object. He took it. “A VDP,” he said, opening it to look at the video screen and incorporated disk player. She offered him a disk that looked like a smooth half-dollar.
“What’s on it?” he asked.
She shook her head, mute. He read the center label. “‘For Colonel Burl Falconer, United States Army: Redesignated Mission and Reasons Therefore. (In the absence of Colonel Falconer this recording is the property of the senior United States Government official present in the Northwest Cryogenic Reconstruction Unit.)’” He scanned the waiting faces. “You’ve played it?”
Almost as if rehearsed, Yoshimura said, “We demand that Colonel Falconer be present when the rest of us hear it.”
“Why? What’re you saying?”
Carter said, “It was only a few feet from where—from Harris’ body. They’d cut him down. They must’ve seen this. They already know what it says. They never thought we’d go in and find it.”
Falconer shouted to them, unaware of the discussion. “Take cover, folks. We’re going to blow.”
“Wait!” Yoshimura was shrill, outraged. “Tell us about this vidisk.”
“What?” Puzzled, he walked toward them.
Carter held her ground as the others gave way nervously. She snatched the disk and VDP from Conway, holding them out. The gesture was accusation. “This disk you and Leclerc watched in the warehouse.”
He took it, brow wrinkled, reading silently, then still without speaking, he handed the electric cord to Leclerc and slipped the disk into the play slot. The screen lit up. A haunted, shattered face stared at them across a littered, rough desk. A limp American flag drooped on a pole behind him. The man wore a leather jacket, zipped up, despite being obviously indoors. The voice was painfully weary.
“Colonel Falconer. If you ever hear this, my apologies for what I’m doing to you and the rest of your unit. Things have gone badly in the cryogenic program. I’ve no time to be kind. Bluntly, you’re all that’s left.”
A gasp went up from the listeners, now crowded around.
“We’re adapting your facility to avoid the failures that… eliminated the others. First, I must tell you there will be no attendants. Every available hand is being relocated here to the provisional capital in the Alleghenies. The war’s over, Colonel. Everyone lost. We’re ending our second year with practically no summer in a world gone mad. National boundaries disappeared long ago; the United States, Russia, China simply don’t exist. England is an island, nothing more. The continents of South America and Africa are chaos, and Australia is essentially devoid of human life. Asia is a charnel house.
“Between the hammer and anvil of nuclear weapons and chemical warfare, we managed to reduce the human population to remnants. No one knows who initiated the first attacks using species-specific genetically engineered bacteriological vectors, but now they’re rampant. Everyone had their secret hoard, and population became everyone’s prime target. After the first incurable disease showed up on three continents almost simultaneously, the thrust of the entire global conflict was revenge and extermination.
“Our best estimate of the population east of the Mississippi is somewhat less than one million men, women, and children. Most are desperately ill. All over the world, if conditions are not similar, they’re worse.
“Your cave complex has been rendered airtight. A small nuclear generator of the most advanced design is installed at its deepest limit. I’m assured its life span is virtually eternal. We don’t expect it to have to last quite that long.”
The speaker attempted a smile, and someone among the watchers groaned audibly. The address continued.
“The entire facility is powered by the generator. A primary device will extract nitrogen from the air and create a positive two-atmosphere nondecay environment at essentially zero humidity. Machines have been provided to, uh, maintain the bacteriological integrity of the facility in the event of, uh, crèche failures.”
He paused, wiped a hand across his face irritably. His frown remained, and Conway wondered if it ever really left. He went on: 
“I apologize for ordering the heartless disposal of our dead this way. There’s no alternative. So…
“When your monitor system determines that the environment favors your reentry, the pump will introduce fresh air. There are sustenance devices that will attend to the reestablishment of proper organ function and muscular stimulation. You already know your supply status is adequate for months without outside help.
“Colonel, you last saw America’s teeming millions forging through the twenty-first century. What I tell you now may sound ludicrous. However, it’s true. It is tragedy. Your trained fighting unit of eighty-seven men may be the largest, strongest military organization left in the world.
“The mechanization of the Northwest Cryogenic Unit is complete. We’ll need the technical skills of your crèche companions to bring society back up to speed quickly. We still have enough electrical capability for a technology-fueled comeback, even though we’re very short on population. We anticipate activating your reentry sequence by radio command in a decade; perhaps a bit more. That’s a bit longer than we—or you—anticipated. I’m sorry. Help will be sent you if circumstances permit. You are ordered to conduct military operations as your situation requires until further instructed. If we’re still functional, we’ll answer your radio signals. Whether we are or not is immaterial, as my last orders implied. Your mission goes beyond us here, beyond the members of your unit. You are the senior military man to have a chance of surviving this new Dark Age. I give you your mission in the simplest terms. You will execute it in whatever manner necessary.
“Reestablish the United States. What you cannot do in your lifetime must be charged to those who follow in your footsteps. The nation has fallen. It shall be raised.”
In his intensity, the speaker leaned forward, and as he did, a cough ripped from deep in his lungs. He had to grip the desk with both hands before he could continue.
“If you have died, and someone else is watching this message, as President, I charge that person to assume Colonel Falconer’s burden.”
The screen flashed a printed message identifying the speaker as Mitchell Calderon, Acting President of the United States.
Bernhardt smothered a scream. “I know that name! He signed off on my last agronomy study. He was an Assistant Secretary of Agriculture. What’s happening out there?”
“We’ll know in a little while.” Falconer spoke quietly, taking the detonator from Leclerc. “I want you to understand, I knew nothing of the VDP. If I had, there’d have been no vote on what I’m about to do. Believe that. Everyone into the control room.”
Carter started to speak, but he silenced her with a glance. Inside the room, he said, “Pastor, if you have any special benedictions for powder monkeys, now’s the time.”
Jones smiled. “I think a silent prayer from all of us is in order. Will everyone bow heads and join me for one minute?”
He signaled an end with a loud “Amen.” The response was subdued.
The explosion was ear-shattering. Cries of alarm turned to shrieks as slabs of rock shook free throughout the complex, adding their crash to the uproar. It was several seconds before the last noises subsided.
Conway staggered to his feet unmindful of trickling blood from a cut behind his ear. Others groaned, forcing themselves upright. He looked them over quickly, saw no major injuries, and stepped out into the tunnel. A heavy glow forced its way through the dust-laden darkness. He shouted hoarsely and broke into a run toward it.
Minutes later they were all pushing aside the fake rock door at the mouth of the tunnel, stumbling out in a crowd that laughed almost uncontrollably even as they choked. The continually working pump blew swirling clouds of dust after them. Rubbing eyes full of tears caused by equal amounts of grime and delight, they cheered and clapped each other’s backs.
Anspach spoke first. Confusion dampened the gaiety in her voice. “Did they move us? This looks different.”
Conway said, “There were no trees like this.” He pointed at a huge fir, easily eight feet in diameter. “And there was a town in our valley.”
Falconer stepped away, finding clearer air. He pointed up the slope. “Blast damage. See the places where it melted the rock to glass? They nuked us, blew away our outside monitoring devices.”
Conway said, “That explains our isolation.” He and the Colonel exchanged looks. Conway said, “If the air coming in isn’t radioactive, they hit us a long time ago.”
They turned to the trees again. Bernhardt joined them. She was trembling violently. “There were only two forests like this left in the country. And look—here’s no damage to these trees. A nuclear explosion that close would’ve atomized them.”
“Who cares about trees?” Karoli was furious, “We’re out, and you three act disappointed. Aren’t you ever satisfied? Harris told you it was an earthquake and not a bomb. Can’t you stand to be wrong about anything?”
A pulse jumped in Falconer’s temple. “These trees are at least five hundred years old. They grew here after we went inside.”


Chapter 11
Smoke rose in funneling whorls from the tents until the breeze from the surrounding hills caught the plumes and bent them into a frayed cloak that shimmered with the warm reds of the setting sun. Nighthawks cried harshly, their stooping dives ending in small thunder. Far to the east, a solitary wolf howled.
Gan saw none of it, heard none of it. He retreated clumsily. His sword arm burned with exhaustion and his knees were like water, hardly able to sustain his weight. A puffed-up jaw ached dully. The point of Clas’ wooden training murdat held his eye the way a snake transfixes a bird.
The duel was practice and it was punishment. It had been that way every evening since the skirmish at Tiger Rocks. This time, however, what had started as teacher-pupil had blazed into a struggle at the raw edge of passion. Each man now fought for self-control as well as victory. Gan knew he should lose. A force in him said win.
He struck with the last of his strength, shouting at the effort.
If the weapon had been steel, Clas would have been impaled. Even so, only his leather and iron practice armor saved him from serious injury. He grunted and staggered back, signaling an end. Tracing a bright scuff on his stomach plate, he said, “Look at that,” barely believing.
Gan sagged against the training tent, relishing the luxury of a deep breath. Clas lit the four torch baskets on poles around the fighting circle. He said, “The opening was there.”
Clas walked to the water gourd, poured himself a drink. When the cup was offered to Gan, he murmured polite thanks and sipped, resisting the need to drain it in a gulp. Clas said, “There was no opening. You created one. If we’d been using real murdats, my guts’d be on the ground. How’d you do it? Think.”
Gan closed his eyes, visualizing. “Your left foot cheats forward. You lower the right shoulder and strike. The blade comes from my left and angles slightly across, not directly ahead. Your body turns to your left, denying my counterthrust a flat target. I struck as your foot moved.”
“You may be the very best. If you continue to think while you fight. If the Elders don’t send you on the Honor Journey.”
“It’s been more than a week. They won’t let me stand my watch. They’ve never asked me again about what happened with the Devil riders.”
“They will. Tomorrow.”
“They’ve decided I was wrong. So has my father.” His lips thinned to a line. The wooden weapon tapped against his thigh. “Other warriors are insulting me, Clas.”
“The Elders aren’t against you, they’re being deliberate. And hold your temper. If you strike out at someone, you embarrass Nightwatch and your father. And you harm your case.”
He jeered his answer. “Me? Embarrass him? Faldar will see that the Elders do that. Anyhow, all he cares about is being War Chief.”
“Careful. Col’s my friend, remember.”
Gan stiffened. “Not mine. Nothing I do pleases him.”
“He’s spare with praise, I admit. He’s actually very proud of you.”
“Have you ever heard him say so?”
Clas winced. “Not in exactly those words, but what’re words, after all?”
A weak smile partially relaxed Gan’s resentment. He said, “Sometimes I wish I really didn’t care what he thinks.”
“You must. He needs you. I know.” He clapped a hand on Gan’s shoulder, directing his next words into the night. “Whoever’s out there, step up where I can see you.”
Following a small sound of surprise, a voice answered, “It’s me. I know you, Clas na Bale—it’s Neela. We saw you were talking so we—”
“We?”
Rose Priestess Sylah swept into the torchlight circle. Her black garb disappeared against the night, and her face, pale and beautiful, seemed to float toward them. “I know you, Clas; Gan. If we’re interrupting, we’ll leave.”
Gan returned their greeting, then said, “We’re finished here.”
“Good. We’ve just come from Faldar Yan’s tent.”
Gan laughed. “And what new lies did my uncle share with you?” Neela hissed like a cat. Sylah cut off her angry retort with a hand on her arm. She said, “He spoke of a possible Honor Journey for Gan, but wouldn’t explain further. It’s dangerous, isn’t it?”
Clas said, “It’s not certain he’ll go.”
Gan wanted her to understand. “There are always wrongs the tribe hasn’t avenged. A Journeyman seeks out the enemies who committed the wrong. If he succeeds and survives to return, it’s a sign the One in All forgives him, and we do, too. Win or lose, though, his honor is restored.”
“Ahh, now I understand the stories the Mountain People told of Dogs raging into their camp only to kill and be killed. How many Journeymen return?”
“I remember two. One only came home to die, though.”
Her temper flared, but instead of Gan, it was Clas she turned on.
“Do you care so little for him? Tell me what I must do to stop this.”
“You can do nothing. You cannot speak in Earth Heart, and that’s where all decisions will be made.”
“How cruel you all are—how unfeeling!”
Neela’s sharp interruption startled everyone. Gan was astonished to see unshed tears trembling in her eyes. “That’s not so! They’ll decide what’s best for the honor of the tribe. No one wants Gan harmed.”
Clas said, “This is pointless. It’s improper, as well. Women mustn’t know what men say in Earth Heart.”
“What men say.” Sylah’s rough scorn made them all blink. Gan waited for Clas’ explosion, but he merely sighed and said, “Can we speak of something else?”
“If the Dog code of honor allows you more than one subject.” Then, with a lightning quick change of mood, she spoke to Gan with a tenderness that was as soothing as her anger was fierce. She leaned closer to smooth back his hair, and almost destroyed his ability to comprehend her words. “You and I started badly. I want to make apology and show you that even in a loss such as yours, there’s renewal. Here is Shara.”
Unobserved, Neela had stepped outside the circle of light. Now she came back. The lanky pup accompanying her on its leash looked at Gan as if it understood what was taking place.
Speechless, Gan bent to him. The dog licked his new master’s face and wiggled happily while being inspected.
Clas said, “He should be outside camp now, Gan, and I want to talk to Priestess Sylah. Will you excuse us, please? Tell your father I’ll be at Earth Heart with both of you tomorrow.”
Gan turned to leave, but Clas wasn’t finished. He said, “I’ve had no chance to tell you, Neela, but you get prettier every day. Did you charm the Dog Chief into giving you Shara?”
The girl blushed at the bluff flattery. “Oh, no. When Sylah told him why we were there, he took us straight to Shara.” She hesitated, then finished in a flustered rush. “And thank you, Clas na Bale.”
He laughed. “I first saw you the day your father took me on a bear hunt. It was your fourth birthday. I think we’ve known each other long enough for you to call me Clas, especially now that you’re all grown up.”
Neela was away so quickly, Gan had to hurry to catch her. Shara, delighting in companionship, leaped to nudge them both.
When out of earshot, Gan looked over his shoulder at the couple in the torchlit circle. He said, “She’s a strange woman. Sometimes, when she doesn’t think anyone’s watching, she gets a fierce expression, and I think she must hate all of us. She makes me uncomfortable when I’m around her, but—” He paused, then blurted, “She’s so beautiful. Do you think she really likes Clas?”
“Clas? Her? Honestly, Gan, you spend too much time alone. She’s a War Healer. Clas needs a woman who can make a good home, raise children with him.”
“You think so? Good. For him, I mean. Still, War Healers marry.” Musing, he added, “He looks at her—I don’t know—different.” He looked over his shoulder again, missing Neela’s growing agitation.
“Clas is only ten years older than I am; I’ll be seventeen in two months. She’s at least his age.”
Gan scoffed. “You’re blind.”
“I’ll just ask her.”
“That’s rude.”
“Not for me; she’s teaching me about healing. She says we’re sisters.” The last was a taunt.
Stung, Gan said, “Important people are supposed to be nice to nobodies. That reminds me—what’d she talk about with your father?”
“Everyone knows your father wants you to be War Chief after him. My father said no one inherits that title, especially not you. He said you’ve been nothing but a shadow all your life, following Clas or your father. Bay said you don’t have a single friend.”
“Bay’s a bully. So are all your brothers, and the sheep that flock after them. They’re the ones with no friends.”
Neela’s eyes narrowed to slits, and she resumed her walk to the tent with stiff, jerking steps. The tight silence lasted to the entrance, where he attempted amends. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.”
Her answer crackled. “What happened with the Devils proves you’re a dreamer. My father says you’re proof your father’s no leader.” She slipped inside.
The words echoed in his ears. He went to his own tent, boiling with helpless fury. As he readied for bed, he imagined the Elders facing him, stern, giving him his Honor Journey task.
He would show them, the Priestess, his father, Neela, all of them. Especially Neela.
Why had he thought that? Neela? What was she, compared to the others?
He fell asleep wondering if he was losing his sense of proportion.
* * *
Sylah turned from watching Gan and Neela walk away with the dog. The firelight of the torches emphasized the tattoo on Clas’ cheek. He said, “I understand you were conferring with Faldar for quite a while today. Again.” The last word was almost an accusation.
Her own resentment caught her off guard, and she answered more sharply than she meant to. “My work is no business of yours.”
Dryly, he asked, “Your work? Is he so badly injured? He looks healthy to me.”
“Your tribe has only one Healer and no War Healer. We discussed bringing more here from my abbey. Church wants to help you.”
“And herself.”
“Oh, stop being so suspicious. Ask yourself, how could Kolee manage if a killing sickness struck the tribe?”
He stiffened, and she was sure his hand twitched, ready to make a Three-sign to ward off danger. He said, “We don’t speak of such things. You shouldn’t.”
“Someone has to have the courage and skill to care for the ill.” She heard the thin smear of superiority in her voice too late, saw his flare of injured pride. She told herself it was exactly what she should have expected. He was unable to deny his dread of sickness, and unwilling to admit to any fear. Quickly, she rushed on, trying to repair the damage. “More Healers can only benefit you all.”
“And we’ll need them, if Faldar has his way. He wants war.”
She hated him for so bluntly speaking the undeniable truth. Her need to maintain close contact with Faldar outweighed all other considerations, she thought. It was the only way. Having satisfied himself she was a spy for Altanar, Faldar now believed he’d disarmed her by confronting her. He was still secretive about his exact plans, however, and that information would solidly confirm safe haven in Harbundai. That, plus the girl, would be enough.
She thought of what she intended for Neela, and a surge of shame made her deny Clas’ declaration. “He doesn’t want war. He asks me what I learned among the Mountain People and of the activity in Ola and Harbundai. He understands that the restlessness in the west means your tribe must be prepared.”
They argued until the torches were nothing but smoldering remains dripping brief sparks that gleamed for one last beautiful moment before blinking out on the hard-packed earth of the fighting circle.
It was she who called for an end, feigning exasperation in order to get time to deal with her spiraling confusion. She hated her own lies, the deceitful attempt to make him believe—as she must make them all believe—that her sole concern was their well-being.
When he offered to escort her to her quarters, she accepted. He had to stow his equipment, and she waited where she stood. As he strode off, she tasted the lies on her tongue and yearned to call him back.
That was impossible. She steeled her resolve. The only strength she could rely on was hers.
She was alone.
A humorless smile twisted her lips as she recalled how clearly Likat had made her understand that fact. Without his lesson, she might have tried to find a different way to forestall Faldar.
Now she wanted only to succeed. At whatever cost.
After all, Church’s goal was the survival of Harbundai, for the hope it offered all women, including those of the Dog People. Even if lives were lost, their sacrifice would be for a great step in the advancement of half the world’s population. Surely that was worth her few lies?
Clas was coming back, his figure a shadowy bulk against the pale tent, when a final, stinging question crossed her mind: Would she be so willing and ruthless if she didn’t have her own goal?
Who was she, really? A Rose Priestess who schemed for Church in order to better the lives of all her sex? Or the bitter Chosen, determined to gain the mysterious power of the Door and revenge herself?
Did the Door even exist? Could she risk so much on a legend?
He was in front of her by then, the rugged features softened by the faint light from the distant tents. They both hesitated, spoke at once, stopped, then laughed inordinately at the break in their mutual tension. She started again, and he reached to put his index finger to her lips, a surprisingly gentle touch. When he withdrew the hand, she felt shy. Awkward, somehow. He said, “Me first. I’m sorry if I was disagreeable, but I worry that someone will think you’re taking sides in our troubles. You’ll be disliked by all.”
“Even by you?” The question was out before she realized it.
He hesitated. When he continued, his tone was the same, but caution gave the words an untypical smoothness. “Never that. I’m your friend. Not that many would advise you to seek me out.” He laughed humorlessly, and when it earned him an arch look, he explained. “You spoke of Faldar’s awareness of changes coming. Believe me, there is more than he dreams. This I know. He’s persuaded almost all the younger warriors and most of the tribe to believe his foolishness about peace being responsible for our problems. It’s important you not get involved, as I said.” He paused, and she knew he was planning his next words. “You should also know I’m Col’s friend, and Gan’s. What happens to them happens to me. Gan’s more than an ordinary young man. I want you to know him, and to understand all of us—Col, him, and me.”
She asked, “Why? Especially since I have no intention of getting involved in your problems.”
There was suppressed excitement and a touch of wonder in his voice. “Tonight I saw something I’ve expected for a long time.” He related the duel and its ending. “He’ll be a leader, and a leader has to have the heart to strike with all his strength when he sees an opening. Gan’s never had that, no matter how often others called his name.”
“Called his name?”
“Challenged him to fight. It hasn’t happened for a while. No one dares. He’s had a lonely, difficult growing up, and now he’s coming to be a man. Church should help him.”
She covered a smile with her hand. He was as subtle as a spear. She wanted to tell him she was already drawn to the boy, but that might lead to an expectation of commitment, or support. That couldn’t be. Her own program was all-important. Nothing must interfere. That included the Abbess’ mission, of course.
They strolled in silence for a while. Sylah surrendered to the atmosphere of the camp. Voices rose from the tents in a lulling, beelike hum. Occasional laughter cut across the predominant sound, reminding her of the glimmering sparks of the torches. Once, fragments of song drifted past, borne on soft, strummed music. She noted the reactions Clas generated. All children watched his every move with nearly idolatrous awe. Adults greeted him effusively or avoided him. She recognized the behavior and was saddened. There are men who are identified too closely with death.
She returned to the pleasures of their walk. Just as she inhaled deeply and remarked on the savory smells of burning wood and cooking, a woman’s voice called out names and announced dinner. A whirl of shouting children raced by, and Sylah and Clas shared more laughter at their carefree happiness.
An innocent thing destroyed it all in seconds. Nearby, someone was boiling water, using the technique called choga, dropping heated rocks into a container. The smell of steaming granite generated a memory picture of Ola, with its precise geometry, where summer’s hot stone and brick walls made the narrow streets nothing but elongated, humid, filthy cells. She remembered columns of little girls, two by two, as like as beans in their uniform dresses. They marched with shining faces, singing songs they barely comprehended as if their lives depended on it. Which was small exaggeration for Chosens.
He interrupted her reminiscence, stopping abruptly, taking her hand in his. Automatically, she pulled against his grip. He held her firmly, unbreakably, and yet unthreatening. His gaze sought hers. He said, “I have to go on a scouting patrol tomorrow. A pleasant ride, actually. Come with me. I want to continue our talk. Perhaps there are things you want to say to me. I think I have some idea what it must be like for you here.”
She spun away, retreating inside her cloak, needing a respite from his honest, sympathetic eyes. Once she thought him incapable of caring. Now she realized that, for all his terrible skills, there were dreams and desires and vulnerabilities behind that deliberately forbidding visage. She wondered what they might be, wondered if anyone else ever concerned themselves about them.
She turned back to him, reaching to soothe the muscle that worked so furiously under the black tattoo. His skin was remarkably supple against the unyielding bone. The tremor faded under her touch.
A distant movement interrupted her. Against the light of a tent, she saw a party of four Nightwatchers trotting out to their posts. Firelight flicked across their bodies, glinted on weapons. One of the dogs barked excitedly, and a man shouted a command.
She heard voices; saw colors like that once before, far away, long ago. Screams.
She jerked her hand back.
He said, “I leave at first light. Will you come?”
“I’ll look forward to it.” She was proud of the perfect words, smooth and convincing. She ducked past him and through the entry slit, hurrying to fall on her bed.
It was wrong of him to make her ashamed, wrong of him to make her mind wander from its goals.
Those young men, with their deep, confident voices, their intimidating metal trappings.
Yes! He commanded Nightwatch. He knew they’d come and frighten her. He planned it. That was exactly why she was forced to do these unpleasant things—she admitted it: cruel things—that she hated doing. It was all because they all wanted to use her. It was their fault. He was no different.
Her hands hurt. Holding them to the light, she stared at the half-moon gouges her fingernails had etched in her palms. The pain was fading quickly. She blamed it for the rush of hot, needling tears, nevertheless.


Chapter 12
Through ingrained habit, Sylah was up early, washed and dressed by the time Clas whispered her name through the softwall.
He had Copper saddled and ready. The animal acted glad to see her, shaking its head and prancing. The rich coat wasn’t quite so lustrous in dawn’s chill light, she thought, but that only drew attention to the way the long, heavy muscles moved under it. She fed him a piece of dried apple before swinging up onto his back.
They rode south in companionable silence. In plain fact, she didn’t want to talk. Sleep had been elusive and fitful the previous night. She’d almost decided not to go with Clas. She’d told herself over and over that her logic and insight had saved her from foolish sympathy for Clas and the other savages. Her own needs far outweighed their problems. Nevertheless, the prospect of leading him on to confide in her made her skin crawl.
The early morning stir of the waking camp was a needed distraction. Roosters crowed indiscriminate challenge from every direction. One shepherded his flock away from the horses’ hooves, glaring over a gleaming black-green shoulder until they were well past. A baby cried, eager to be fed. Horses whickered and shuffled in the small brushwood stables that stood behind every tent. Distant cattle and sheep bawled. Few people were up yet. The half-dozen early risers they saw stumbled drowsily on their way to or from the latrines or one of the banks of shower rooms.
It was several minutes until Sylah and Clas cleared the last tents, and a while longer before she smelled the sulfurous fumes of the hot springs. Pointing with his chin, Clas said, “The soaks are just ahead. There’s time for you to try it.”
She shook her head. “I’ve nothing to dry off with.”
“I brought drying cloths.”
“Not this morning, thank you.”
They continued around a bend, coming to a series of unroofed rectangular cubicles constructed of light timber frames with hide walls. With a floor space perhaps seven feet by four feet, each had its fourth wall rolled up, revealing the interior. Wooden pipes carried water from the springs to tall wooden tubs designed for seated immersion. The term “soaks” was appropriate, she decided. When she looked at him, he was grinning. He tried to swallow it, failing miserably, and she laughed, too, telling herself she had to behave naturally. And he was amusing, really. In a crude sort of way. He said, “Maybe you’d like to reconsider?”
“I would. And you’re an evil-minded man. You knew I’d think there was no shelter, that I’d just be—well—uncovered.”
“It was fun to let you think so.” He handed her a soft cotton cloth. She glanced past it at a roguish, teasing expression that was yet another totally unexpected facet. She grabbed the cloth and entered a room.
Inserting the tub’s plug, she turned the faucet on the pipe. Swirling steam rose to capture the bright sunlight, taking on glowing life. She hung her clothes on pegs jutting from the room’s wooden frame. A large clay jar with a dipper puzzled her until she put a hand in the tub and jerked it back. She reduced the pipe’s flow and ladled in cold water from the jar.
Sinking into the water, there was a brief sting as the heat touched the healing wound left by Likat’s knife. It passed quickly, and she groaned with pleasure, only to start at Clas’ worried, “Are you all right?”
She assured him she was, and continued to sink up to her chin, smiling to herself at the paradox of being almost frightened by his presence while taking comfort in his availability.
There was a shelf within easy reach, holding a collection of clay pots and a stiff, coarse brush. She pushed the latter aside, wincing at the thought of it. The pots held oils and herbal infusions, some spicy, some sweet, and one that had a brisk, springtime touch she decided was exactly appropriate. She trickled a generous dollop into her bath and abandoned herself to sheer enjoyment. The perfumed water buoyed her, took away weight, care, and the hard edge of consciousness.
Her head lolling to the side woke her with such a jerk she popped upright, sloshing water out of the tub.
Clas called again, this time through laughter. “Are you practicing diving over there?”
“Never mind. I just moved a little, that’s all.” He was so close. Not that it was important. After all, she’d dealt with many naked men.
None of them were Clas na Bale. Nor had she been naked, one thickness of cowhide away. And no one else within miles.
She examined the wall. She wondered if he were doing the same thing. It suddenly looked very flimsy.
The water seemed to be growing warmer. She looked down, where the shimmering surface and rising steam gave her body a filmy softness. Only the curve of her breasts was clearly visible, the white swell of them half submerged.
She knew she attracted Clas. There was need as well as want in his sidelong glances. In a different world, it would be interesting to probe the complex man behind the image.
Another face, the loathsomeness of Likat, tried to form. She willed it away.
What was it Neela had said? Life is a circle. A person’s life circle was only completed by another person.
Her head drooped, bringing the water almost to the lazy smile curving her lips.
Clas’ words broke in on her. “Sylah? I have to go.”
Getting out, she enjoyed the briskness that nipped at flesh without being able to touch the inner warmth beneath it. Her clothing hoarded the warmth and scent of the bath. She felt snug, immaculately clean, and marvelously refreshed. She was humming when she lifted the wall flap and rejoined him.
They continued south as he explained the reason for his ride. Nightwatchers had reported an increase in wolf talk. When she laughed, teasing him about talking animals, he laughed with her. Still, he defended the phrase. She hadn’t expected the tribe to take such a thing seriously.
Their conversation drifted casually. When she skirted close to subjects he thought intruded on tribal matters, he simply said so. She thought back to the elaborate, double-edged conversations of Ola and shuddered. Emboldened by his openness, her curiosity gnawing at her, she asked him about the tattoo.
For several long, silent seconds she was certain she’d crushed a growing friendship. The prospect of loss shocked her, left her wondering exactly what she did think of him. Last night she blamed him for her pain. An hour ago she was reassured—yes, gladdened—by his company.
A vein throbbed painfully at her temple. Nothing was the way it was supposed to be.
He was infuriating.
He said, “No one asks me that. The tribe knows, of course, but no one ever speaks about it.”
She tried to retreat. “If it bothers you—”
He interrupted her. Voice and manner pleaded that she hear and understand. “It was a hunting party. Twelve years ago. Twenty boy-men on our first long hunt. East, in the country of the Buffalo Eaters. I led.
“We found an area with good sign, then searched out the resident band, exchanged greetings and gifts. They were hospitable. It was a trick.” Sorrow colored his voice across the years. “They came in the dark. One of our watch lived to give the alarm.”
They rode for a long while before he started again. She could almost feel the anguish of his waking that night. He said, “Once they’d lost complete surprise, they lost most of their courage. In the morning they offered to talk. I said no, but the others wanted it. As leader, I went. The Buffalo Eaters said we had to give them half of our horses. I bargained. All the while, they moved warriors closer to our party. When the next attack was launched, they captured me. They made me watch them slaughter my friends.”
“How did you escape?”
His hand rose breast high, fingers extended toward the tattoo. He stopped the motion before completing it. “They tied my hands and feet. They slit my cheek and put a metal strip through it, then pulled it out my mouth and nailed it to a long stick. The other end they nailed to a post. It was just long enough so I could kneel.”
Something hot burned the back of her throat. She swallowed and asked, “How long—”
“I don’t know. Long enough for me to work the rawhide off my wrists. By then they probably thought I was too weak to do anything if I did get free.”
In the fleeting moment before his grin forced her to look away, she confirmed what she’d suspected all along. Violence had created him. It sustained him, was required of him. His skills and sense of duty were two jaws of a trap closed on his life. He was no less a prisoner—or product—than she.
He told of silently murdering his way across the camp to the horse corral. Releasing all but one mount for himself, he drove them ahead of him until he was sure he was clear. From that day, he hunted men as others hunted animals.
Pausing, he heaved a great sigh, and Sylah felt it was safe to look into his face once more. He said, “Scars are natural. A perfect square is not, and men are not. Why can’t we—” He stopped and shook his head. “Enough. I talk too much.”
“I’m sorry I asked.”
He looked at her with an intensity almost as strong as before. “Don’t be. I’m not. Anyhow, I think you may have a story of your own.”
She kept her focus on the horizon. He went on. “None have dared take our children for many years, but we remember raids and slave-takers. We know about Chosens. You’re one. There’s more to you than you’ve said.”
“You don’t know anything about me.”
“I will.”
She heeled Copper, sending him into a surprised hop that left Clas behind. About the time she convinced herself that she was being foolish, he called to her, pointing. Looking up at the ridge above the wide draw they were following, she saw nothing. When he caught up, she accused him of playing tricks. He laughed quietly, directing her gaze until she saw the wolf. Immediately, she saw another, then two more. She grabbed his arm. In a rough whisper he said, “Quiet! No more talk,” and indicated they should move forward.
The wolves disappeared, and then, materializing like dust, there was one paralleling them on the skyline. Noticing Clas looking to the left, Sylah did the same. Another padded down that ridge.
She felt more eyes, knew there was something behind her. Slowly, stiffly, she turned.
There were two more. They alternated between watching the riders and the back trail. Their gaze was steady, unblinking.
Clas took Copper’s reins, urging both mounts to a trot. She watched him, the set of his jaw, the stone-gray eyes never still. She almost wished the brutes following them would attack so he could show them who they were dealing with. The wild notion was gone as quickly as it came, but the delicious tingle of it surged in her veins a good deal longer.
Sylah estimated they traveled over three miles before Clas reined in abruptly. Ahead, on the flat top of a prominent hill, a wolf looked down at them. It inspected them for a few moments longer before it finally padded around in a tight circle. Then it marked a bush and retreated out of sight.
Clas led up the hill. On top he rode back and forth, still not speaking. Dismounting, he showed Sylah some broken stems and flattened grass. She frowned. “That means nothing to me. Why did they do that to us?”
He continued to examine the ground. “The wolves? They help us, although they never entirely trust us.” He grinned up at her. The image of the panting wolf seemed to blend with his for an instant. “We never hunt them. In hard times, we share from our herds. Sometimes we share in the hunt. This pack’s led us to where outsiders have rested.”
She shivered. “You should have told me they’re friendly.”
“They’re not. Gan—” He stopped, exactly as he had the previous night when he sensed his words were outrunning caution, then ended, “Gan never has real trouble with them.”
She peered about anxiously, moving closer to him. “You mean they do attack people?”
“Not those packs that share our land.” Then he pointed at the ground. “Four horsemen, two days ago.” He squatted, exclaiming over a discarded carrying bag. Woven of cedar bark, it looked like any other to her. When he rose, he said, “Devils,” making it a curse.
“I warned you. They’re coming.”
“From the south?” He shook his head. “Something’s wrong. This makes no sense.”
On the ride back, he remained deep in thought. She coaxed him into conversation by asking him what stories the Dog People told of their origin. He responded reluctantly, saying he didn’t believe there were ever ten thousand members of the tribe at one time, but the legend said that’s how many originally lived in the south. A man simply called Leader banded together families and other semi-clan groups when people made their way through God’s Scourge.
She asked him if their legends were the same as Ola’s, and he shrugged, saying everyone he’d ever heard told the same story: All people were originally born from a womb called the Great Burning into a world called the Dark Cold. It was the One in All’s way of punishing them for wanting too much, even as they were still being carried by Mother Earth. Those who survived being born were further tested by disease and radpads, where people died of the unseeable radeath. The land of the Dog People’s origin was thick with godkills and radpads. Wherever they ran, disease and radeath were there, waiting. They became worse than animals, without even the human necessities of clan and tribal loyalties.
Constant losses and flight from other groups eventually drove them to a small stronghold on the edge of a land called the Dry. That was when the second leader appeared, a stranger accompanied by his pack of great dogs. He was their proven Siah; he brought the message that the tribe must fight its way north. It took several generations for the now-called Dog People to reach this homeland.
Clas’ manner changed at that point. His gaze fastened on a point on the horizon. Almost defiantly, he said it was hard for him to believe in the giants who were supposed to have been the forerunners of all people. No one could question they existed. Everyone mined and quarried the places where they built their sacred cities. But that was the point: If they were so strong and wise, why did the legend say they were cursed? How could they disappear? If the so-called cities were sacred, why were most supposed to be lost to all men forever? And if they’d been sacred, why were they desecrated, turned into godkills and radpads, deadly to all for almost a century after the birth and beginning of men? He’d heard that some nations still executed anyone known to have been near either a godkill or radpad.
Muscles bunched in his jaws, and he made a cutting gesture with the edge of his hand. “We still fight constantly. We still suffer plagues. Nothing changes.”
Her retort flew from her mouth. “It can change. It must.” She’d spoken of her own goals, not his history. She wished she could call the words back, and waited for his next question with dread. Rather than that, however, he merely studied her. At last he said, “You may speak more truly than you can imagine.” Then, to her amazement, he threw back his head and laughed in peals that echoed from the draws.
* * *
Two miles south and east they came to the mouth of a shallow valley leading off the major one they were following. When it opened to her view, Sylah exclaimed in wonder and delight. The meadow that was the valley’s floor exploded with flowers, more than she’d ever seen in one place. A small creek cut across the far side, the glitter of the water like shy laughter from behind the shielding brush. It was a moment before Sylah realized that those were the only tall plants in the entire valley. Then her eye was drawn to the far end. An altar dominated the narrow neck. It was a single huge table of black stone mounted on two gray boulders, each the size of a large Dog tent. The flat slab must have weighed tons; she wondered how they’d ever gotten it up there. Clas said, “The altar’s our place of burning. The women keep the valley like this.”
“It’s a lovely place, Clas. I’ve never seen anything like it.”
He looked puzzled, and she went on. “We have cremation places, too, but ours are dull and sad. These flowers, the stream—it’s a place for pleasant memories.”
He turned away, looking uncomfortable. His words seemed to come with difficulty. “The flowers weren’t our way, either. Before her.”
“Before her? Who?”
“My wife.” The new voice grated like steel on steel. She twisted in the saddle, looking at the clumped rocks beside them. She was just in time to see a scowling Col Moondark whip his horse at her.


Chapter 13
Col’s horse reared to a stop less than a yard from Sylah. With its ears flattened to its head and its gnashing teeth bared, it clearly understood its rider’s frame of mind and was ready for battle. It champed at its bit as Col held it in check. Copper trembled violently, but held firm.
Clas grinned easily at Col. “Never expected you here,” he said. Col nodded. “I know you, Priestess. I heard he took you riding this morning. Has he told you everything?”
Stung, Clas abandoned any pretense of guest-manners. “Of course not. But I still think we should.”
A sudden coldness seized Sylah, sent ice rushing through her body. These men, these ignorant, trusting men were going to reveal secrets to her, secrets they’d already argued about sharing.
And she had to betray them.
“I won’t listen.” It was her voice, from a distance. “I don’t want to know.”
“Please.” It was Clas, soothing. “It’s to help Gan. The tribe.” He looked at Col again. The older man nodded, approving. Clas went on. “There are things—and people—involved. More than us.”
The coldness was in her mind, telling her she owed them nothing, owed Church her promise. And without supporting Church, she failed herself. At the same time, she saw the soaring hope in him, heard the unspoken conviction that they had knowledge of special importance.
She took a deep breath and said, “Church serves all.” They would hear the true phrase. Only she knew the lie hidden behind it. When Col dismounted, she was impressed by how slow he was.
He moved with the deliberation of a man who trusts his strength and coordination, but acknowledges that the resilience of his youth has faded. The spring blossoms reached to the tops of his mid-calf boots. Sylah joined him at his invitation, and within a few steps they were both wearing a wash of pollen, hers a wide swath on the black robe, his repeated stripes on boots and leather trousers.
He walked as he’d dismounted, with measured steps, and his beginning words were as carefully chosen.
He revealed that his wife was a gift woman. In his younger years he’d led a raid against a river tribe, and was about to put their homes and boats to the torch when they offered her to stop him.
Sylah was shocked and angered. When he added that he’d accepted, despite the fact that owning slaves had been unknown among the Dog People for almost a hundred years at the time, she rejoiced. He deserved to be deceived, and her conscience would be clear.
The woman’s name was Murmillanh, and when he pronounced it, it rolled from his tongue like a song of loneliness. In the one word Sylah felt she knew the other woman’s soul. Torn from her people, she’d spent the rest of her life among strangers, listening for the softness of the river’s passing, yearning to see once more the mysterious dark waters, yet loved as few women dared hope to be. Listening to him describe how her tribal Elders had displayed her, naked save for a girdle that was little more than a belt, she realized he still felt her shame.
A smile finally worked through when he told how furious his warriors were when he refused an alternate prize, a hundred pounds of fine steel. “They wanted that steel,” he said. “They didn’t understand. One look. She was my woman.” He stopped and looked at her, willing her to grasp that instant, so many years ago. Grudgingly, she conceded she was listening to a romance.
The tribe was scandalized when they returned and he announced that she was his wife. It was a lie. He grinned at the admission. “I courted her,” he said. “In my own tent, like a tongue-tied boy. For the first month she never even spoke to me. It was almost a year before she finally came to my bed. When she did, she was more than I’d hoped, more than I’d dreamed. The next day she told me two things. I would never hear her say she loved me. Only a free heart can express love, she said, and because I took her body as a bribe, the heart within it had never been free to make a choice. Then she said we would have a son. I was too drunk with pleasure, with happiness, with the possession of her, to truly hear what she said.”
Sylah said, “It sounds straightforward to me.”
He smiled. “Murmillanh saw things that were yet to be. Not everything; sometimes she knew the numbers of a person’s days, but not how they ended. Sometimes she knew exactly how a person left this world, but not when. I’ve heard her name the sex of children yet to be conceived, and describe the fathers before they’d ever seen the mothers.”
He stopped walking then, growing silent. A breeze sighed across the valley floor, rich with the taste of rain. Col said, “She died the night after Gan was born. She held my hand and told me she’d lived as two people in one body, and now she was giving me a son who was the same. She cried. She knew she was dying, and she cried because she was afraid for me. Our son would bring about my death. He would destroy what I created, because he would be destroyer and creator. Then she quoted something. To do with Church, I think. It went something like, ‘Birth is how we defeat death, because birth is not the reappearance of the old, which is known, but the creation of a new vision, with new hope.’”
They remained in silence several long minutes, giving Sylah time to quiet a racing heart. The “something” Murmillanh had quoted was from First Church, part of the ancient, forbidden teaching.
Who was this woman? Where could she have heard those words?
A bit later he looked in all directions and even scented the air before speaking, even though they were alone in the featureless meadow. He finished his story. Murmillanh begged him to stand by Gan so long as one still had breath, declaring her son would need protection. His future, she said, would be dangerous and vast, a flame that would devour all that touched it. Or consume Gan himself. She saw two fates, equally likely. If one prevailed, his fame would reach beyond the tribe, beyond the Enemy Mountains, beyond lands as yet unknown to the Dog People. If not that, wild animals would gnaw his forgotten bones. Col said, “Her last words were, ‘However my son lives, before he dies he will have opened the door to the future of the cross.’ You, of all people, know what happens to women who speak of the cross.”
The wind was up by the time he finished, whispering scandal through leaves and stems that tossed in agitated disarray. Thunder sounded suddenly in the distance, a tearing crack that shook the earth and then died with a surly growl. Sylah’s pulse was like galloping hoofbeats. Col looked at her with pain scoring deep, dark lines across his face.
“I shared what she said with one person, my friend Clas na Bale. Not even Gan knows. I believe his mother was right about him, although he shows no signs of leadership. Still, when I look at him, I feel I’m watching that second person struggling to be known. The wolves understand there’s a power in him.” At the sudden lift of her eyebrows, he nodded. “Since he was a baby. Where he is, the wolves are. They watch for him. He hunts with them. They talk on Nightwatch, singing to the moon and each other. Many times I’ve thought they’re the only real friends he has, except for his dogs and Clas.”
“Why tell me this? I have nothing to offer you.”
Col shook his head. “When the Elders send Gan on the Honor Journey, Clas and I will ride with him. I’ve thought long and hard about this, and I think the One in All sent you here, intended that you help him. After all, ‘the cross’ can only mean Church. While he’s gone, you convince the tribe that it would be a special sign of religious favor if he comes back. He will. And Church will benefit, as well as himself.”
Trying to appear calm, Sylah forced a small laugh, appalled at the scratchiness of it. If Col noticed, he gave no sign. She said, “What purpose does it serve for you both to go with him? I don’t understand.”
He started to answer, stopping to peer up at the increasingly angry sky. There had been no more thunder, but the first drops of rain were coming down now, and he led her back toward the patient Clas and their horses. On the way, he explained that neither he nor Clas would survive long under Faldar Yan’s rule, and that leaving the tribe was the only way they could prevent a partisan clash. Then, as close to shyness as he could come, he confessed, “My life, and Gan’s, have been built on Murmillanh’s prophecy. I withheld love from him because I believe he must kill me, and I want it to cause him as little pain as possible. But I do love him—you must never repeat that—and I’ll protect him as I promised. And that’s enough for now. Hurry; the rain.”
Later he slowed to allow her to come up beside him. She realized he was waiting for an answer to his request for her help. She told him she needed time to think. He made no effort to hide his disappointment, but nodded agreeably enough.
Single file after that, with her between them, they plodded through the rain. A short distance from the camp, Col split off, leaving them to enter as a couple, the way they left. She and Clas continued, still wrapped in their individual silences, until they exchanged good-byes outside her tent. His desire to talk to her was so transparent, she felt guilty pretending not to see it, but she dared not. Not then.
As soon as she was alone in her sleeping room, she stripped off her wet clothes and put on a robe. She warmed quickly, but a persistent shiver continued to plague her. There was a coal-keeper in the firepit, a small jug made of porous unglazed clay, with a lid of the same material. Coals placed in there, with a supply of crumbled wood, would keep alight for days. When she opened it and tried to touch a waxed taper of plaited shavings to the glow, her hand shook without stop. She eventually succeeded in starting a fire in the pit, and even that failed to completely quiet her tremors. Finally she curled up under the quilted blanket on her bed. Then she called on the trance.
As hard as she tried, her body refused to react properly. Instead of slowing, her heartbeat increased, and her skin felt hot and prickly. It occurred to her that it might be wise to abandon the effort while her emotions were so complicated by the events of the day, but she urgently wanted to concentrate on Col’s request. She persisted.
The grove failed to appear. Rather, it tried and failed. A sere, blasted view opened in front of her. Fierce, jagged mountains loomed in the distance. A hot wind beat at her with stinging sand.
She hated this place. She fought to come away from the trance. To regain control.
Something pulled her. She was slipping away.
Unable to cry out, she strained to open her eyes. Lanta’s voice echoed hollowly, warning. Then she was falling, falling in silent, blind terror.
The trance wouldn’t release her.
Deceit.
Time collapsed. She was thrown back to Ola.
The Abbess lay in her bed, the first tint of returning health no more than brush strokes on the drained features. Words husked in her throat like windblown leaves. “The other sisters tell me you ate here, slept on the floor beside me. Over a week.”
“In case you woke and needed something.”
Her smile was an effort. “I need you. I’m blessed; I found you.”
Found. What of those who lost me, and whom I lost?
Sylah’s need to tell the older woman what she’d babbled in her sickness clamored within her. Church’s deepest secret—the Door—was believed to exist by the oldest, most faithful of her leaders, even though it had been lost for centuries. The forbidden psalms of First Church exalted it. The Abbess’ ravings spoke of clandestine committees that debated searching for it.
The bent, delicate bones in her hand were as frail as straw when Sylah patted it, disguising pity as sympathy.
Protector. Owner. If the power of the Door is so strong you fear it, I will have it.
The Abbess had kissed the hand fondling her own. So weary, so near death for so long. She said, “You are the daughter of my heart.”
* * *
She felt the trance reject her, send her mind spinning back to her like a scorned offering.
An uneasy sleep came quickly. It was rank with terrible dreams, full of unfocused fears that flung her from side to side on the bed until she woke to confront a dark that mocked her with uncaring stillness.


Chapter 14
The squat, square form of Faldar Yan watched Sylah and Neela approach. Dressed in coarse gray trousers and a darker gray woolen blouse, he stood in front of his tent, legs spread, feet planted. Copper shook his head back and forth as Sylah guided him closer, as if arguing with her directions. She wanted to compliment him for his good sense.
They exchanged greetings. Sylah felt cheapened by his every glance, and she turned away while he chatted with his daughter. When she gave Copper his head, she was gratified by the way he inched away from the conversation. Soon she was distant enough to be ignored by both father and daughter. For a few moments she let her attention wander, becoming engrossed in some children. They played a game with their bows and blunt arrows, with one of their number elected to roll a disk past their waiting line. Each shot at the target in turn. A hit drew loud cheers, and the triumphant archer ran to take his place at the end of the line. From there, the most accurate teased the less proficient.
A movement at the corner of her vision distracted her. She looked back to the tent in time to see Bay and Likat stepping out.
Bay smiled in imitation of his father as he acknowledged her. The smaller man shot her a quick glance that managed to be as threatening as it was slyly suggestive. Then he dismissed her utterly, mouthing his formal greeting with his full attention focused on Neela. Despite her hatred of him, Sylah found her own feelings overridden by concern for Neela, because she saw what none of them could.
One of the first things a Healer was taught was that the body, through physical action, could reveal more than speech, and was frequently far more trustworthy. In Likat’s case, Sylah agreed as never before. Anyone unaware of what he’d tried to do to her would look at him now and swear his attitude toward Neela was one of utter, honest devotion.
For all his deception, however, he was transparent. Not only did his eyes burn with a single-minded fire, but the aggressive forward thrust of his torso, and the curled fingers, almost fisted with tension, revealed the dark, possessive side of his interest. Parted lips bared a white line of teeth, but there was no hint of smile in the expression.
Sylah was pleased to see Neela sensed something spurious in him. There was a tightness in the tendons of her neck, and her nostrils flared at each breath. Her gaze darted to him, then away, never meeting his stare. Unconsciously, she was reassuring herself that he was still outside the “safe circle” around her. Most disturbing was her suggested undercurrent of confused, almost helpless fear.
Neela chose that moment to lean back in her saddle, unconsciously increasing her distance from him. What impressed Sylah was that Neela made no effort to get closer to Faldar or Bay.
That observation drew Sylah’s attention to them. There was no need to listen to Faldar to know he commanded the conversation. His gestures routinely excluded his son and Likat. When he meant to make a point, his chin rose appreciably, and when he condescended to address the other men, there was a definite, albeit slight, swelling of his chest.
At first Sylah attributed the way Bay positioned himself so close to his friend to coincidence. Then, for no apparent reason, Faldar shifted his own location so that Neela couldn’t talk to him without including Likat. Sickened, Sylah realized Faldar and Bay were selling him. They listened with comical seriousness to his occasional comments, then hurried to agree. Still, she was sure she saw uncertainty in Faldar’s performance. He was doing his best to make Neela approve, but he lacked the enthusiasm he tried to display.
Neela was nervous by then, trying to manage a polite departure. Taking the initiative, Sylah reminded Neela that they should be off on their ride.
Likat frowned. “You know Clas claims he found proof of Devil scouts south of here. It’s too dangerous on the prairie for two women alone. The tigers and bears are still winter-thin. The wild-cows, the buffalo, and the horses are all jumpy. They could stampede any time. Clas is probably wrong about the Devils, but it’s just another thing to worry about. You should stay in camp.”
Neela directed her answer to Faldar. “We’re not going far. I want her to see our weavers and where they work. After that we may ride out to see the herd boys at work, but that’s all.”
“Be careful,” Faldar said, beaming a benevolent smile.
Its effect was lost when Likat demanded, “Which herds? Where will you go?”
As if accused of something, Neela stammered, “The west lands, on the way to summer camp. Why?”
He stroked his jaw. “Worried about you, that’s all. The north and south herds are both too far away.”
Sylah heeled Copper, sending him off at a walk. Her abrupt ending of the situation drew her a glare from Likat.
She thought of the small leather bag and its hypnotic medicines. Perhaps it wouldn’t be needed. What if Neela were anxious to leave her tribe?
* * *
They were outside camp, making their way past a flock of sheep. The boy watching them had taken the saddle off his horse and sprawled on its back, his head pillowed on a rolled-up jacket on the horse’s rump. They laughed and waved, and the boy waved back, acknowledging his less-than-alert work with an impudent grin.
Sylah watched Neela until she was sure the small incident had helped her relax, then said, “Your brother and Likat seem to be especially close. Is he a relative?”
Shocked distaste flashed across her features. “He’s no kin to us. He’s important in the tribe, though; before his father died, he built his horse herd up to one of the largest and best. Likat’s very wealthy. The rest of my family thinks that’s very important.”
“Why don’t you like him?”
“He makes me uncomfortable. The way he looks at me. And other women. I’ve seen him look at you, too, when he thought no one was watching. Don’t ever trust him.”
So, Sylah thought, the babe can instruct the teacher. Did she sense how hard her father and brother were working on her?
Before she could think of a way to lead into the question, Neela was pointing out Weaver Creek. The stream itself was clear and brawling, no more than five feet across, hurrying down a rocky bed between tree-lined banks. On a point where it bent in a long curve, a group of women moved about busily in a grove of cottonwood trees. The leaves were young, still pale with new life, and the bright sun pouring through their screening took on the cast of old gold. The dappled, dancing light lent a festive air to what was actually very efficient activity.
As Sylah and Neela rode closer, the women saw them, some calling welcome. Sylah almost forgot her manners, completely distracted by the force of so much color. Her eyes couldn’t rest, racing from point to point. She marveled at the profusion of hues and patterns on the looms.
Spinners were next to weavers. Hanging beside the stream, exposed to the sun, drying hanks of yarn steamed like fragments of a shattered rainbow. Other women poked at fires and stirred simmering dye pots.
There was nothing comparable in Ola. Communal work was common enough, but it was hurried, bound to a quota.
Sylah wanted to rush ahead, to luxuriate in the friendliness and acceptance that flowed so freely among the workers.
Neela took on the role of knowledgeable guide. The yarn was from their own stock—goats, sheep, and llamas—as well as material from wild animals. “We’ll use anything,” one of the women said, fondling Sylah’s long hair and grinning. “With this I’d make you a much finer robe than the one you’re wearing.”
“Finer, perhaps, but a bit small for modesty, don’t you think?” she said. The woman threw back her head and laughed. Some of the remarks that followed brought flames to Neela’s cheeks, and Sylah herself was taken aback by the unabashed earthiness. Although she suspected they’d be more reserved if their men were present, she was certain they were too comfortable with themselves for sniggering whispers.
Still red, Neela doggedly resumed her lecture.
Every family had traditional techniques and designs, but all basic schools were shared. Family crests remained exclusive. Nothing was written. Children learned from mothers and aunts.
When Neela got into the technical points of warp and weft and threads per inch, Sylah begged for time to simply enjoy, complimenting everyone on the dazzling array. Laughing at her own runaway enthusiasm, Neela led the way to the dye pots. “We produce any color you can imagine,” she said, unconcerned that she was boasting.
A woman looked up, eyebrow cocked in quizzical challenge, and Neela giggled. “Well, Jesha can produce any color, anyhow.”
The woman nodded amused satisfaction, and said to Sylah, “Only a few of us have the knowing—what earth will make the color fast, or bring out the brightest hue of the dye. And we’re the ones who know how to make the waterproof cloth for the tents.”
Sylah answered absently, adjusting to two rather baffling surprises. In the first place, what she’d thought were metal dye pots were actually waterproof baskets. They were using the choga technique, heating with hot rocks. More than that, what Jesha was doing seemed to have nothing whatever to do with color. The hanks of bound yarn floating in the near-boiling water looked merely clean. As she started to ask about that, another woman shouted warning, hurrying toward them with a smoking rock in a pair of tongs. She dumped the rock in the basket, where it sank through the loops of yarn, spitting and growling. Sylah sniffed at the steam and said, “I smell iron.”
Jesha beamed and winked. “Good for you. That’s part of the secret. The easy part. This is a mordant solution. We’ll dye the wool with rhododendron-leaf liquor to turn it brown, and the iron’ll make it dark and rich. It’d favor your coloring, actually. The important thing is, we know what to add to keep the color from fading, and we know just how much of the iron stuff to use. No one else knows how to handle it right. Their iron-mordanted wool’s always streaky, and it comes apart before you know it.”
“You know so much—how long have the Dog People known these things?”
She was watching the hot rock send off bubbles and currents in the water as she asked, and for a few seconds the dull silence failed to register. When she lifted her head, however, there was no escaping the mantle of hostility that had descended around her. Not only Jesha, but Neela and everyone else within hearing stood with the taut bodies and stiff expressions of false nonchalance.
Jesha said, “We’re proud of our work. Have you met our smith?”
“Saband Guyd? Yes, I did. I’ve never seen steel like his. Nor woven goods like yours.”
Jesha ignored the compliment. “He used to make many things. For almost a year all he makes are weapons. We hear your king wants alliance with us, to make war against…”
She paused, and another woman said, “Harbundai.”
Jesha nodded, thanking her, then added, “Wherever that is. We’ve been asking ourselves why Church sends a missionary at just this time. And why a War Healer, one who treats injuries, rather than sickness?”
Sylah said, “I’m no spy. I came on a mission, and was ordered to bring a message from my king. You know I had no choice.”
“Perhaps so. But we don’t trust Church and we want no war. We have enough trouble dealing with raids by the Devils, or the Buffalo Eaters, or the River People. Tell your king that whatever Faldar Yan says, the people want only peace.”
Stiffly, Sylah said, “I came to teach you new things we’ve learned.”
The burgeoning hostility in Jesha’s manner evaporated, replaced by a distinct nervousness. From the corner of her eye, Sylah saw several of the women executing Three-signs, and she noticed that not all of them did it the same way. It hadn’t occurred to her that the group was made up of women from all the clans, but the differing style of signing would indicate it. Jesha reached to touch Neela’s arm. She said, “What’s been said here, and what may be said, is woman’s talk. It must be secret. We know you love your father. If you’d rather not hear…” She left the sentence hanging.
Neela said, “I stay,” and Sylah felt a surge of pride before sternly warning herself that she must remember that Neela was a pawn.
Then Jesha was saying, “You went to the place of burning with Clas na Bale yesterday. Did he speak to you of Murmillanh?”
Surprised, Sylah could only nod.
“Did he tell you we called her witch?”
The blunt question angered Sylah, and she snapped her answer. “She was lonely, taken from her people. She died among strangers. Perhaps she was lucky that she didn’t know you better.”
Jesha surprised her yet again, smiling sympathy and understanding. “We use the name for many reasons, Priestess. With Murmillanh, it was because she told us of things to come. Be easy—she wasn’t hated. Much of her aloneness was her choice. She walled herself off, except for when she had something important to tell us. Sometimes I felt she was more afraid for the Dog People than afraid of us. But never mind that. It was she who promised us a Teacher would come; a woman, and not from Church. Was she wrong about that? You said you came to teach, and that’s a word Dog women use cautiously.”
Sylah said, “In Ola we can’t use it at all. We have to say ‘to make someone know.’ I’m sorry to disappoint you. I’m only here to share what I know of injury healing. Only with women. It’s the way. Everyone knows. But tell me what else Murmillanh said about a Teacher.”
“Nothing more. We believe, though. And hope.”
Excitement fluttered in her breast again, a feeling that some unseen force was beckoning to her, offering her one more clue. It was the same as when the smith, Saband Guyd, alluded to a Door.
No. She was being foolish, illogical. Murmillanh had made some accurate guesses about the sex of babies, and entertained dreams of glory for her only child. Now all these superstitious people were eager to accept her grandiose prophecies. How could a gift woman from an obscure fishing tribe know anything of Teachers? It was ludicrous.
But she mentioned a Door. She quoted First Church, spoke of crosses.
Impossible.
They talked for a few more minutes, but Jesha seemed to sense that Sylah’s defenses were up now. She was friendly again, even affable, but it was apparent the conversation was over. Neela led the way out of the grove.
They’d ridden less than a mile, their conversation limited to bird watching and comments on how clear the weather was after the previous day’s rain, when Neela reined up sharply, startling Sunflyer into a flurry of outraged crow hops. She stroked his neck in silent apology while she frowned at Sylah. “Are you my friend, truly?” she asked.
Not wanting to appear too anxious, Sylah said, “I’m beginning to think of you as the younger sister I never had. I want to be your friend. But you’re the one who has to say I am, Neela. When you don’t have to ask, that’s when it’ll be so.”
Neela thought about that for a minute, and Sylah squirmed, waiting, before the girl said, “Then you are. I know I can trust you.”
Sylah could only nod, which was just as well, because Neela seemed to realize she’d said a great deal. They rode on.
Lost in thought, it was some time before Sylah noticed they were headed south. A quick look to the mountains on their right confirmed they’d covered a considerable distance. The peak that concerned her most was still easily visible, but now it was to the northwest. Ahead of them the prairie was thick with animals. The wildcows particularly intrigued Sylah. In her own experience, cattle were short-legged, barrel-shaped creatures that barely reached her shoulders. These things were nearly half again that tall, their long legs ropy with muscles, their chests deep, tapering up to narrow loins. Rangy, rawboned, they sported immensely long horns with points as sharp as daggers. Now, in the spring, the bulls were testing each other, and the clash and clatter of duels was incessant. The more dignified buffalo, stockier and much heavier, kept to themselves. Their fights lacked the whirling, slashing grace of the wildcows. The young buffalo slammed into each other with the single-minded determination of falling rock, pushing and grunting until one decided he’d had enough and lumbered off.
In the far distance what looked like a cloud shadow on the earth suddenly split and moved in two directions with unnatural speed. She leaned forward, shielding her eyes against the afternoon sun, and only then realized she was looking at horses, hundreds of them.
Scattered among the wildcows and buffalo, smaller creatures fought their smaller battles, grazed, or dozed fitfully. Sylah counted three different kinds of antelope, coyotes, rabbits, one wildcat, and something flashing across a distant draw that might have been a tiger. When she mentioned the latter, Neela looked nervous, explaining that spring brought the big cats down from the mountains to prey on the herds. They rarely strayed far onto the grasslands, she said, preferring brushy or timbered country, where they usually killed deer and elk. The real danger was the huge, shambling prairie bear. It was far faster than it looked, and it considered people game, just like everything else. Worse, they were fearless, as willing to attack a warrior as a child.
Her own words apparently frightened her a bit, because she pulled her feet out of the stirrups and stood in the saddle, balancing easily as Sunflyer continued to walk along. Nervously, Sylah scolded her. Neela merely laughed. “We do this all the time. It’s a lot better view, and Sunflyer doesn’t care.” She sat back down, flashing a cocky grin, adding, “As long as nothing spooks him, and he doesn’t leave me standing in the middle of the air.”
Sylah shuddered. “I think you take too many chances. And I don’t think we ought to go any farther. Remember, the Devil warriors weren’t far from here.”
“That was just Likat trying to make us think we need his protection. Anyhow, the Devils won’t come after you; you’re Church.”
The thought of Likat’s threat crawled across Sylah’s mind. If he had no fear of killing her, were there others? She said, “Let’s stop at that bluff by the stream. We can eat, then go back.”
“You brought food?”
From her saddle bag Sylah triumphantly raised a cloth sack. With the other hand she produced a rectangular box, opening it with a flourish. Nested inside were two thin wooden plates, with matching cups and utensils. Neela exclaimed at the glowing silver inlay, tracing the intertwined irises of the pattern. Aware of their hunger now, they urged the horses forward, and they were soon at the bluff. The crystalline stream below them twisted the sunlight into ever changing patterns across its rock bed. Beyond it, the land rolled away to the mountains, alight with the spring greens of grass, shrubs, and deciduous trees displaying shy new leaves. Beyond that, ranks of firs and pines rose against the Enemy Mountain slopes in uncountable numbers. The black-green mass of trees was unbroken up to the level where climate and lack of soil conspired to thwart them.
Sylah dug into the sack and brought out cheese, a small piece of smoked ham, and the hearty three-grain bread of the Dog people.
There were dried tomatoes, pickles, slices of dried apple and peach, and even a small clay container of pepper oil for spice.
Their conversation was innocuous, as though each was anxious to avoid any subject that might cause discomfort, and yet it had the spontaneity of friendship. Both voiced surprise when Sylah noticed how much the shadows had lengthened. When she started down to the stream to rinse the dishes, Neela insisted it was her chore, as Sylah was the one who’d remembered to bring them.
Sylah argued politely before surrendering.
She watched the younger woman step up into her saddle. Her smile collapsed as soon as Neela was hidden by brush. Wasting no time, she grabbed the box the wooden plates and utensils came in. A quick twist with the blade of a short knife opened a nearly invisible seam where the sides joined the bottom, revealing twin mirrors, one in the chest’s false bottom, the other in the removed outer shell.
Altanar had promised an Olan scouting party would constantly maintain a camp in the foothills directly in front of the peak she’d used as her reference during the ride with Neela. She could only hope they were alert.
Because the sun was already in the west, there was no need to line up one mirror to reflect light to the other. She sighted across the top of one.
When a flash of light answered, she released pent-up breath in a gusting sigh.
A series of long and short flashes identified her. When she finished sending that code, however, she was forced to confront her dilemma. If she signaled all was well with Altanar’s plan, she guaranteed Faldar full support; Col Moondark would be the same as dead. If she lied, Altanar would still learn, sooner or later, that Faldar was eager for the alliance.
She pressed her mirror to her bosom as a distant glint demanded response.
It was their own fault, all of them! Faldar meant to destroy Col no matter what she did. Likat’s fear of exposure would force him to kill her, if she stayed. Kidnapping Neela from such a nest of liars and murderers was no crime.
And what if Gan died? It would only prove he was fated for the shorter life his mother envisioned.
Too bad. Everyone died, after all.
Clas. Neela.
She seemed to smell the evil mix of drugs in the leather bag, felt something slick and greasy slide across her tongue, down the back of her throat. She gagged.
She brought the box to her face, hating the sight of it. She sent NO AGREE, and as the last letters burned across the miles toward her coconspirators, she remembered Altanar’s loving description of what would happen to her if she misled him, accidentally or not. She added the word YET.


Chapter 15
The utensil box was together, its secret hidden, when Neela returned. The ride back passed quietly, the concern over territorial wildcows or wandering prairie bears somehow lessened by the prospect of going home, rather than riding out among them. Even the horses were relaxed, shuffling along with lowered ears and easy gait.
The truth, Sylah thought to herself, was that she was in no mood for idle chat. She’d just done something very foolish, and to no purpose. Lying to Altanar solved nothing. She must prevent the alliance at any cost. She’d faced that fact once, even if it was in reaction to the scene in Faldar Yan’s tent.
She felt the rage and shame of Likat’s hands on her, reminding herself that it could—would—happen again, if she failed to protect herself. And Neela. The plan really was for the girl’s protection, if one thought about it.
A branch caught at her stirrup. She kicked at it viciously. The pungent smell of sagebrush filled her nose, and she included it in her anger. Stinking stuff. Stinking place.
Admit it, she told herself; you weakened. Tomorrow you send Altanar a true message.
The bribes paid the Mountain People would afford her safe passage with Neela through their territory, even though the heartless scum had refused to provide guides or assistance. Their neutrality would be enough. She’d memorized the landmarks and she had a north-needle secreted in her medical equipment.
Food would be a problem, after the first few days.
Merely acknowledging that difficulty forced her to confront the raw desperation of her plan. Hundreds of miles, with a dazed captive, and the finest horsemen in the world raging on her trail.
The Mountain People anticipated the same thing. They never asked her why she thought she might be running from the Dogs the next time they saw her. They nodded, demanded more gold, and then grinned and whispered among themselves. She’d understood. They hoped she’d lead their enemies into ambush. The thought hadn’t bothered her at the time.
Neela interrupted her thoughts by nervously gesturing for quiet. Bent over, she guided Sunflyer, reading signs visible only to her. Her eyes were in constant motion, flicking up from the ground to search the surrounding area. When the trail led into a small draw, she backed away, taking a roundabout course to high ground overlooking it.
Sylah had no desire to follow the unknown rider—or riders; there was no message on the ground for her. If Neela were concerned, she reasoned, they should race away to tell people. Furthermore, she didn’t understand how it was possible for any unknown parties to ride so close to the camp without having been discovered long ago.
When they reached a point near the overlook, Neela signed they should dismount. Crawling, she made her way forward. Sylah scrabbled along with her, feeling more ridiculous every moment.
She found herself peeking down from a point a good thirty feet above a lush bog. Challenging its quiet beauty was the dandified finery of Likat. Even more startling, the plump form of Kolee stumped along beside him. Their horses were hobbled in the distance while they searched the fringe of the bog on foot like oversized, disparate herons.
Kolee found something. She dropped to her knees, cutting at a plant, ignoring the damp earth staining her skirt. Her knife flashed, and she raised a hand as if displaying a trophy. Sylah strained to hear her, but breeze and distance combined to swallow the sound. Likat shared in the excitement of her find.
“What’s she got?” Neela whispered.
“I can’t tell,” Sylah said. “Why is Likat with her?”
“She’s probably worried about the Devils.”
Sylah looked over her shoulder before asking, “So close to the camp? I can’t imagine—”
Neela cut her off. “Or animals. I told you about the bears. She’s old; older people are more easily frightened.”
The whole thing seemed farfetched to Sylah, but Neela’s manner warned her that the matter was closed. Changing the subject, she said, “I wonder what she’s looking for? New growth’s not very good for medicines. It usually takes a season for a plant to accumulate properties.”
“Well, I don’t want to be caught spying on them. We’re leaving,” Neela said, inching away from the edge.
Miffed by Neela’s blunt assumption of leadership, Sylah stubbornly held her ground, turning for one last look. Likat was gesturing at Kolee, shaking his head in vehement disagreement. Her response was to bend down, straightening with a hitherto unnoticed bag in her hand. She pushed it at Likat’s face, and he jumped backward so violently he nearly fell, throwing both hands straight in the air. When Kolee laughingly lowered the bag, her words were indistinguishable, but his boiling anger was clear. He stomped past her toward the horses, keeping well clear of the mysterious sack.
Neela’s urgent whisper pulled Sylah away. She was pleased when Neela seemed anxious to put as much distance between them and the pair as quickly as possible.
Sylah said, “Do you want to tell me why Kolee would pick Likat, of all people, for her companion?”
She made a face. “Likat’s her nephew. My mother says that when his mother died, Kolee made such a fuss, his father finally gave him to her. She never had any children.”
“None?” Sylah was shocked. For a healthy woman to have no children was unheard of, save for the celibate few tolerated in Church.
“She and her husband fought, my mother says. He was bitten by a rattlesnake. Mother says he was the only adult she lost to snakebite in two years, and some people were really suspicious. Especially since everyone knew she loved Col Moondark.”
Surprises were falling like raindrops. Sylah goggled at her.
“Oh, yes,” Neela said, pleased by the reaction she’d caused. “Kolee’s husband died while Col was on a raid, the time he brought back Murmillanh. Kolee’s hated Col ever since; Murmillanh, too. When Gan was born, she wouldn’t help at all.” She mumbled the next words, and Sylah had to lean toward her quickly to catch them. “I heard her tell my father it would’ve been better for the tribe if he’d died then.”
They’d come to a clump of thick brush, penetrated only by a narrow game trail, and Neela spurred Sunflyer into the lead. Sylah fell behind. Dodging branches amid the snap and crackle of their passage made conversation impossible.
Her thoughts went to Col’s wife, the gift woman. How twisted her life had been! To fall in love with a man she hated, and then to bear a child into the face of more hatred. Worst of all, the hate was so pointless, so misplaced.
Nevertheless, Murmillanh’s solitary existence was a strong argument for doubting her prophecies. It wouldn’t be too unusual, even for a person of her strength, to create dreams to hide behind.
* * *
When the trail widened back onto grassland, they were within view of the camp. Neela seemed to have thought better of her gossip in the interim, because she brushed aside Sylah’s attempts to resume the conversation. Instead, she spoke of the celebration scheduled for the evening.
Another surprise, thought Sylah, almost afraid to ask what this one might be.
Neela explained that custom required a feast the night before any man entered Earth Heart to learn if he was required to undertake the Honor Journey. If he was not, the celebration was an acknowledgment of no-longer-questioned integrity. If he was directed to go, however, he went with happy memories of merrymaking.
Sylah was reminded of a parable in the Apocalypse Testament that dealt with the necessity of fighting for the right to worship, a tale that started, “We who are about to die salute you.” It was supposed to be an ancient message, dating back to when giants ruled the earth. She always suspected it was just another way of making people who had no choice believe they were doing the right thing.
She remembered Clas’ comments about the giants and what they must have been like. That reminded her of the remarkable similarities among all origin tales. Everyone spoke of a leader who’d created a first tribe from the straggling survivors of a terrible catastrophe. Everyone spoke of summers so cold crops failed, of fires that melted rock, of disease that killed in minutes. No one spoke of what brought all those things about, unless one accepted the gospel that the giants schemed with the One in All to change weather and earth to punish man.
The paradox was that the stories had such a common theme, yet almost every day in Ola brought patients or travelers with differing customs, differing cultures. Some, like the Nions from across the Great Sea, even had differing appearances and languages. Still, the origin stories were almost exactly alike.
There had to be a reason.
The bustle of the camp banished all those unanswerable questions. She remarked to Neela she’d heard nothing of the planning for this event, and it looked to be a large one.
“It’s supposed to be unplanned. That’s so the journeyman can leave, if he has to go, telling himself the celebration ‘just happened,’ and wasn’t meant to send him off with good memories. It’s important that he go with a good heart.”
At the edge of her vision, Sylah caught her quick glance. Her face wasn’t clear enough to read the expression, but her manner was defensive, hands suddenly drawn up, chin tucked in. Whether she admitted it or not, she knew Gan was being put at risk unfairly. Hot coals might not make her say so, but the understanding was in her. Sylah felt very sorry for her.
They reached the tent a few minutes later, and Neela excused herself to go get better clothes for the evening. Sylah used the time to enjoy a shower and a nap.
Later, they strolled together out to the area set aside for the festivities. They stopped first by the firepits, where youngsters turned whole animals on spits. Others slathered them with sauce. The dripping grease sizzled and spat on the fiery coals, filling the air with the tang of beef, venison, and pork, as well as the aromas of onions, tomatoes, hot peppers, and so many mingled herbs Sylah stopped identifying and resigned herself to some abandoned overeating.
Leaving the fires, they went to where a multiblanket fly suspended from poles provided a pavilion for burdened food tables. Prepared fish of every description filled dozens of wooden platters. Another whole table was made up of various cooked-apple dishes, and another featured dried cherries and peaches in one guise or another. Soups steamed in caldrons. It was too early for fresh vegetables, but huge mounds of tender, new-growth greens glittered further enticement.
They ate from simple, square wooden plates and bowls, using wooden utensils. Neela showed her where they were thrown when one was finished, explaining that they’d be burned to help provide firelight for the dancing that would follow.
The musicians were just tuning up when Sylah made one last trip to the tables. She was amazed to find them practically stripped. A few forlorn drops of soup and some wilted salad remained.
By the firepits young men wearing the distinctive leather and metal gauntlets of the dog trainers were collecting the last bits of meat and the bones for their charges. They used dog carts for hauling. The dogs seemed stockier than Raggar or the others, and she assumed that’s why they were used as draft animals. They were still impressive, and she was glad they were securely harnessed to the lead poles. They already regarded the leftovers as theirs, and their dark, luminous eyes watched passersby with warning.
The first piece by the impromptu orchestra started slowly. Even before hearing Neela’s whispers or the words to the song, Sylah knew it was about the wanderings of the Dog People before they found this homeland. Stringed instruments and flutes gave the opening theme a soft, haunting quality.
It was the singing that engaged her, however. The voices started quietly, melding with the instruments, then pulled them to greater tempo, fiercer emotions. Men and women harmonized in rich, intricate chords that carried them from sadness and weariness to passion and triumph.
Immediately after that, the pace leaped to a driving, demanding beat. The pala drums of all the clans led the way, and Sylah realized they, too, had individual tones that the drummers wove into a tapestry. The fire was burning high by then, so that when the first warrior leaped from the crowd to the bare earth semicircle, there was plenty of light to gleam from the polished silver buttons of his vest and trousers. His murdat whirled over his head in a shining blur as he leaped and slashed in mock combat. A second man joined him quickly, and then many more. They formed lines, the original freeform activity suddenly disciplined, yet retaining its savage enthusiasm. The men danced with dazzling swiftness, their dexterity with the murdats drawing shouts of appreciation as blades clashed wildly or whipped past partners with no room for error.
When the music stopped, they moved in a group, shouting and laughing, to help themselves at the tubs of beer. They were back quickly, however, most still holding drinking gourds, as a new song began. It was time for the women to perform, and Sylah, despite her protests, was dragged into the circle. Her cloak was given over to waiting hands, and, laughing, Neela and Jesha told her this was the Weaver’s Dance. They handed her a pair of sticks for which she couldn’t imagine any use, then led her through the first swaying movements. Next came the sharp striking of the sticks together, the sound mimicking the clack-clack of the loom. Shortly, what had seemed impossibly intricate was simple and flowing, and she let the rhythm claim her. The last expression of her normal cautious thinking process was a giddy sort of surprise at being completely immersed in friendship.
She had no way of knowing how the absence of stress softened her features, or how her joyful smile made them glow. Her hair, free of restriction, swept back and forth in undulating swells like a midnight sea.
When they were done, she wandered off with Neela to find a viewing point for the other dances. For a while everything seemed as it should be, but when Sylah was on her way back from retrieving her cloak, she caught the younger woman watching a particular area with a frightening intensity. Following her gaze, she saw Likat and Bay. At that moment Likat shifted his position. Their eyes met. With calculated cruelty, he looked to Neela, then back, before sending her an almost imperceptible smile. The gloating confidence of it made her stomach heave.
A few minutes later Neela pulled Sylah to the outskirts of the crowd. Without any preamble, words tumbling forth in anguished torrents, she described meeting Likat as she left her father’s tent. Small drops of sweat touched her temples and outlined her upper lip as she told of almost telling him she’d seen him at the bog with Kolee. Something warned her, though, so she asked where he spent the day, instead.
She turned a face of pure torment to Sylah. “He lied. He said he was far to the south, examining the grazing. He even told me he was with other men, and what they talked about. Why? We saw him with Kolee. I’m afraid. What are they doing?”
Affecting a calm she didn’t feel, Sylah tried to comfort her. She said, “It’s nothing to worry about, I’m sure. I imagine he’s hired Kolee to help him put together a love potion, or something.”
Neela’s eyes rounded and she made an erratic Three-sign. “Is that possible? Really?”
It was exactly the response Sylah wanted. She laughed, seeing how her amusement drained some of Neela’s stress. She said, “Please—if a potion could make people happy, wouldn’t we all drink it all the time?”
“You really think that’s what they were doing?”
“That, or something equally useless. Don’t think of them; let’s enjoy the evening.”
Anxious to be convinced, Neela accepted the argument. Sylah wished she could do the same. Her bitter experience with Likat made her doubt he’d trifle with anything as subtle as a potion. Force and terror were his methods.
Which underlined the question: What were they planning?
An hour later she was certain she had her answer. She caught Likat and Bay surreptitiously watching Gan and Clas as they enjoyed the dancers. Likat whispered to Bay. They exchanged conspiratorial grins and sniggers.
Then, with startling clarity, everything fell into place. Kolee hated Gan and Col.
Bay, Faldar, and Likat would all benefit if Gan died on the Journey.
Neela was very disturbed by Gan’s impending departure, and Likat wanted her. If he suspected she had any liking for Gan at all, murder would be his first thought.
That had to be the answer. They were working together to poison Gan. Not to kill him outright, but to send him on the Journey so weak and disoriented he’d have no chance whatsoever. Except that they didn’t know that Col and Clas intended to go with him, if it came to that. How would that affect their plan?
Another change in the music plucked at her attention. Her mind was already crackling with the implications of Neela’s discovery, and she resisted the distraction irritably, but finally she looked up. Her breath caught in her throat at the sight of Gan, alone, dancing a simulated duel. Unlike the other man who’d danced alone, Gan moved slowly, sinuously, everything he did exaggerated and multiplied, the moves smoothly confident. She was amazed; how had she ever thought of him as a boy? Muscles writhed and bunched under skin ruddied by firelight. Magically, he’d taken his step, gone beyond childhood to young manhood. The tribe was silent as death, watching what all knew might be his last expression of life. An aura of power and strength seemed to shimmer around him, as fearsome—yet as achingly temporal—as the flames of the fire.
He moved to face Neela. Sylah had no idea how she’d gotten to the forefront of the crowd; she was just there, her eyes locked with Gan’s.
He stopped his dance and bowed his head. Sylah was moving by the time he raised it, forcing aside the crowd as if moving through reeds. If she’d been more than a yard away, she’d have missed his words to Neela. He said, “I know I’m leaving. We were always friends until I angered you. Please, tell me you won’t be angry anymore.”
The golden head nodded, and Sylah saw she was too emotional to speak, beyond tears.
Gan smiled and danced away.
He finished soon after. The weaver dancers clattered their sticks together in approval and the rest of the crowd applauded by stamping the ground in rhythm. The drummers took up that beat. Another dancer yelled a war cry, leaping into the firelight.
Across the arena Sylah watched Likat shiver with repressed rage.
You filth, she thought. I can’t stop this idiotic Journey, but I can stop your miserable plan. You and your kind—Altanar, Faldar—you can’t have everything. Gan may die chasing a fool’s glory, but not at the whim of scum like you. I’ll stop you myself!
It took her a full minute to realize she meant to do it.


Chapter 16
As Sylah made her way toward the tent of Faldar Yan, Copper was fractious, spooking at the flutter of a sparrow or the shout of a child. When she reached forward to scratch one of the nervously flicking ears, he laid them back for a moment, tossing his head as if angered further by her attention.
Calming him steadied her own nerves before she dismounted to call at the front entry. Above her the family pennant hung limp, a red-and-black smear against the clear blue of the sky. She called twice before he appeared. His wife stood behind him, her small features flitting unhappily between smile and frown. The action reminded Sylah of the soft confusion of butterfly flight. When the woman heard the broad friendliness of Faldar’s greeting, she immediately nodded and grinned widely before mouthing the same words in a shy twitter that carefully duplicated his every nuance.
He went on, “What can I do for you, Priestess? Did I overlook something at our last meeting?”
Sylah felt muscles loosen. He was in a particularly expansive mood; it might make the difference. She said, “Something happened last night that makes it urgent that I speak to you before the Earth Heart meeting.”
Behind her husband the woman gasped. Her hand flew to her mouth as he rounded on her. He caught himself before speaking, and when he faced Sylah again, he managed to mask his anger. Only then did he introduce his wife by name, adding, “Chelo is an old-fashioned woman, not accustomed to hearing women speak of Earth Heart. Excuse her.” He turned again, telling her to get them hot mint tea, then gestured Sylah inside to some pillows. They exchanged small talk about the food and music of the previous night while they waited. Sylah realized she’d actually paid little attention to the tent on her previous visit, and this time she took pains to inspect it more carefully. It was far more richly furnished than any other home she’d seen. Faldar had a taste for luxury. The small table in front of her was wonderfully carved, its surface representing a battle between two men and two huge lizards with enormous mouths full of ivory teeth. The men wore large, floppy hats and stood upright in a slim boat that looked dangerously unstable. They plunged spears into the writhing creatures. The whole scene vibrated with captured energy.
Faldar said, “I see you like my little table. The Peddler who brought it here swore there’s a place where this sort of hunting goes on. They’re all such liars. But the table is yours; I’ll have one of my sons bring it to your tent.”
She tried to argue, but Chelo swooped in, skirt billowing, cups rattling together on the tray in her haste. Sylah knew that any sign of discord would throw the poor woman into a fit of distraction, so she bowed her head and made her thanks as politely as possible. Chelo was glowing with goodwill as she left.
Faldar was more brusque. “Something concerns you?”
She told him she’d sent a message to Altanar. When he indicated no interest in how she’d managed it, the disquieting thought that he already knew jarred her confidence, but she pressed ahead. Then she told him that the message indicated he wasn’t yet ready for an alliance. His face flamed. If he weren’t so dangerous, she thought, his disbelief would be comical.
She rushed to explain. “Hear me out. My king wants alliance with a united Dog People. I’m not so blind that I can’t see that Col Moondark has much support in the tribe.”
“That is not your concern! You lied. About me.”
Sweat tickled Sylah’s side. “I only created time, that you might take advantage of an opportunity. Why give Altanar the impression of strife where none need exist? Why not destroy Col as completely as Gan? Wouldn’t your position be better in dealing with King Altanar if the entire tribe were united behind you?”
“You say I’m not already respected?”
“No, Faldar, but you can be respected by all. You can eliminate Col Moondark’s last, whining supporters as swiftly as the sun melts away frost.”
He liked that image; she saw it in the way he stroked his chin while his measuring eyes tried to gauge the thoughts behind her words. At last he said, “What do you propose?”
“Don’t let them send Gan on the Journey.” She leaned forward, matching his own sudden aggressive posture, but twisting her lips into what she hoped was a properly conniving smile. “What if he survives? Do you want to see Col’s son a hero? But what if he’s denied the opportunity? Shame him as a dreamer, an incompetent, unworthy of dying for the new tribe. Show the people how he’s to be pitied because he’s never been accepted as an equal, how he keeps to himself and never made himself a true Dog Warrior. You show the tribe’s new fighting spirit and at the same time display mercy by not sending an unfortunate boy to certain death. The Moondark name will drown in dishonor. Then you can speak of alliance with King Altanar on your terms.”
Rising with a swiftness that contradicted his bulk, he glowered down at her for long moments while her nerves hummed with suspense. He turned away to pace the tent, grumbling inarticulate arguments with himself as he did. Stopping abruptly, he said, “If you ever presume to think for me again, I’ll have you stripped naked and dragged behind a horse to Ola, and Church can have whatever’s left. Now you tell Altanar we’ll negotiate an alliance. Nothing more. Nothing less.”
He gestured her toward a different exit, on the side of the tent, and she moved quickly to escape, backing through the flap. She continued to watch as the material fell back in place, but something moving near the front of the tent caught her eye. She looked that way quickly. There was nothing there. Still, the feeling that she’d seen motion was lodged in her mind. She had to go that way to reach the tent lane, in any case, so she moved warily, telling herself she wasn’t just chasing stray breezes.
Rounding the corner, she almost bumped into Chelo coming out the front entry. The twittery woman squawked surprise and jerked away to avoid the collision. Sylah barely caught her as she tripped over a tent rope. Catching her breath, she blurted embarrassed laughter and apologies, explaining she was hurrying out to intercept Sylah; would she please excuse her husband’s rudeness?
It was all Sylah could do to forego telling Chelo exactly what sort of rudeness her husband was capable of, but she swallowed the words, smiled sweetly and thanked her.
She was already at her horse when she heard Chelo make a clucking, scolding noise. Sylah looked back, curious, to see her bend swiftly to scoop something from the ground. Their eyes met for the briefest of moments, and then Chelo, still bent almost double, was scurrying back in the tent. In her haste, she neglected to completely hide her discovery in her clenched hand. Sylah saw it clearly. It was a feather, brilliant blue, like the ones sewn into decorative flowers on Likat’s vest.
* * *
Likat stormed into Kolee’s tent. From a different room she shouted, “Who’s there? Wait. I’ll come.”
He ignored the order, plunging through the softwall.
Kolee squatted on the floor, facing away from him. She twisted around in a defensive crouch, hissing like a trapped cat. Her body continued to shield what she was doing. As soon as she recognized Likat, her alarm changed to shrill anger. “You frightened me,” she said. “You could have...”
Likat cut her off with a gesture. “The Olan bitch just ruined everything.” He stepped around her, pointed at the odd, flat metal pan on its stand over coals. “There’s no need for that. Or that.” He indicated the cloth bag in the corner. “We have to think of something else.”
Kolee scowled and turned back to her work, poking the barely glowing fire. Likat reached for her, thought better of it. “Didn’t you hear me?” he demanded.
“I heard. Now I want facts.”
“I saw her go into Faldar’s tent, so I listened outside.”
She blinked in disbelief. “You did what? Were you seen?”
“I acted like I was waiting for Bay. Do you want to know what happened or not?” When she sniffed and went back to her task, he repeated the conversation he’d overheard. Kolee kept silent long after he finished, and in exasperation he pressed for a response.
The woman talked softly, almost to herself. “The Priestess is shrewd; she understands that Murmillanh’s whelp is unnaturally lucky. It would be like him to survive the Journey. Still, nothing need change. All along we’ve planned that Bay must challenge Gan. Faldar’s decision changes nothing. Bay will do it, won’t he? Challenge Gan at Earth Heart meeting?”
“I think so.”
“Don’t think. Do. He must.”
Likat sprawled on some cushions on the other side of the pot. “All right, don’t get upset. I can make him do it. I’m sure.”
“It’s the key.” She changed the subject. “What about Neela? Have you had her yet, naughty boy? What does Faldar say?”
“She needs some lessons in manners. And no, Faldar hasn’t promised her to me yet. Bay’s been trying to convince him. You know, things would be a lot easier if we just got rid of Faldar, instead.”
“We can’t. Not yet. I’ve told you a thousand times, Likat—one plans. By dishonoring the Moondarks, we eliminate all opposition to Faldar. By having Gan kill Bay with a poisoned murdat, we accomplish both of those objectives, and we put you in position to take Bay’s place at Faldar’s hand.”
Likat made a bored grimace, then lay back on the cushions with his eyes closed. He said, “You worry too much. What it all comes down to is that they’re stupid, and we’re not. That’s why we should rule, and why we will.”
Kolee knew the tone of voice that meant dismissal. There was much more she wanted to say, but he’d only grow unpleasant if she persisted. She sighed and returned to her task. She dipped a metal spoon in the liquid, noting it was already reduced halfway down the inch-high sides of the pan. She spread the coals; it was important the alcohol and water mixture that drew the poison from the sheets of bark in the pan be evaporated without coming to a boil. Carefully she brought the spoon close and smelled it, pulling back as if burned by the acrid smell. Her nose tingled for a moment. She stared into space, savoring, considering.
The chokecherry bark was from a special growth, one tended by the women of her family for generations. Every year she continued the traditions. In the fall, at the first breath of frost, she went to her grove and denuded the branches, storing the leaves in a composting box in the grove’s center. While winter held the land dormant, she trimmed excess growth, keeping the plants to a manageable size and open to full sun and breeze for summer. With spring, just before new growth swelled in buds and twigs, she dug a trench around one tree, a different one each year. The trench was carefully sited no farther from the central trunk than the reach of the branches. In addition, she had an arrangement with most of the women who dried peaches for their families. They saved the pits for her, to be strewn in the trench. Kolee wasn’t sure they helped, any more than she was sure the poison from the iris root helped the mixture in the pan, but the peach pits smelled the same as the cherry bark, anyhow. It just seemed like a good idea. The pits were followed by the previous year’s leaves, and then both were covered with manure.
In the summer she scoured other chokecherries for the particular variety of boring beetles that her aunt said stimulated the plant to produce its poison in the bark and soft cambium. She called it the blue death. There were years when some of the other kinds of bark-eating insects needed only a few nibbles before tumbling from the trunk to the ground. It gave Kolee a feeling of power she conceded was out of all proportion to the fact when she watched them feebly kick their lives away.
Oddly, the bark was superior for cough and sore throat. Dried and powdered, taken with or without honey, it gave instant relief. The tribe knew she collected it for their benefit.
What Kolee knew, and what brought a contemplative smile now, was the effect of soaking the bark and concentrating the decoction.
A Healer made decisions. Col Moondark’s peaceful policies had all but eliminated the need for her to put a wounded warrior out of his misery, but an occasional patient still required a last little push into the next life when his or her injuries were beyond repair. And if the Healer didn’t keep the tribal blood pure by gently lifting the hand of the One in All from the deformed or defective newborn, who would undertake the task? She needed only to touch dry residue from her pan to an open wound or the lips; there was a gasp, some frothing, perhaps some brief spasms. So quick, so beneficial for all, and no one the wiser.
Sniffing the air, she frowned. The alcohol was quite strong-smelling now. She sprinkled a handful of ground cedar on the outer rim of the coals. Clouds of pungent smoke safely masked everything else.
Alcohol was forbidden. Church believed distillation was one of its secrets. She thought of Sylah, not aware her lips were moving as she did so. “There are so many things you don’t know, mighty Rose Priestess. How I’ll enjoy watching your education. Just as your sisters enjoyed watching mine.”
She wiped her brow. Her gaze fell on Likat, now breathing heavily in deep sleep. Her frown mellowed to affectionate exasperation.
He was an irritating boy, but who could resist him? Heartbreakingly handsome, clever as a magpie, held back only by a boyish laziness that could drive her nearly mad. And the jealousy of others; that made him almost uncontrollable sometimes. But underneath, sweeter than honey. That was the real Likat, the one who’d promised her she’d ride back into Ola’s proud abbey mounted on a white horse, draped in furs, glittering with gold and jewels from head to foot. She believed him. Why not? She’d raised him to think of goals, to understand that men took what they wanted or settled for what was thrown to them.
And their time was coming.
A movement from across the room distracted her. She straightened with a muttered exclamation about her daydreaming. Getting to her feet, she went to where a rough cloth bag acted as if it had taken on a life of its own. Reaching behind a cabinet, she produced a long, hollow rod with a cord through it that formed a loop at one end. The sack was held closed by a knot in its open end, and as soon as she touched it to undo it, the unmistakable whir of a rattlesnake’s warning filled the room. Likat was moving away before he woke, not stopping until he was actually backing against the opposite soft-wall.
Kolee sent him a quick, teasing smile as she used the looped end of the rod to lift the edge of the cloth. Crooning an off-key tune, she touched the moving lump. A huge, triangular head poked out into the light. Coaxing, wheedling, she talked to it. The snake’s tongue flickered constantly as it tried to understand what was happening. Suddenly it lunged forward, and with equal quickness she dropped the loop over its head and pulled tight, lifting it off the carpet.
Likat made a strangling noise as the six-foot-long reptile flung itself about in a rattling frenzy. Its sinuous muscularity rocked Kolee in an eccentric dance until it tired. She brought the head close to her face, crooning again, as if she’d kiss its crown. Her hands were confident as she moved for a grip immediately behind the jaws and released the loop. From the cabinet, she drew a wide-mouthed porcelain jar. The snake renewed its efforts to break free, coiling itself around her arm. A small frown rippled Kolee’s forehead, but she persisted as calmly as ever. Squeezing the snake’s jaw hinge forced its mouth open. She forced the daggerlike fangs into the jar, milking the golden poison from their sacs. The snake continued to rattle furiously as she lowered it back into the sack and retied the knot.
Sweat beaded Likat’s face and stained his shirt.
Puffing from her exertions, Kolee said, “When the vozun drums start, come directly here. I’ll have a cloth prepared. The bark poison decays in a matter of hours, but the snake venom will last much longer. If the bark doesn’t kill him quickly, the venom will still get him, only slower. You need only dampen the blade with the cloth and dust the mixture on it.”
Bulging eyes locked on the small bottle of venom, Likat nodded absently. Kolee flew at him, holding it under his nose, pinning him to the wall. “Calm yourself! Nothing must go wrong, nothing must be overlooked. What plans have you made concerning Col and Clas na Bale?”
Twisting away, Likat glared back. “What can they do? Who’ll believe—”
“Likat!” Kolee’s disappointment slashed at his complacency. “Have you ignored everything I’ve ever told you? Do you think those two won’t know who poisoned the blade? The only murdats allowed in Earth Heart are the sacred dueling weapons, and you’re the man who’ll inspect Gan’s before the fight.”
“You’re not supposed to know what happens in Earth Heart,” he said, sulking.
She sniffed. “I probably know more than those doddering fool Elders. Listen to me; Col and Clas will know they can never prove you and not Gan poisoned the blade. They won’t bother to try. They’ll race to see which one takes your fingerbone.”
Likat swallowed. “You never said anything about this before. Maybe the poison’s not a good idea. Gan’s sure to kill Bay, anyhow.”
“We can’t be certain. And we need the poisoned blade. The winner of a duel in Earth Heart is required to ceremonially clean the weapons for the Elders and ask forgiveness after the dead man’s been burned. I’ll make the Elders see the poison before the burning. Surely you can arrange for warriors to attack Col and Clas, once they hear Gan’s broken the honor of the entire tribe? What of Bay’s brothers? Get them involved; it would be a great help to you if the Moondarks and Clas cut down a few of that litter. Likat, Likat you must think of these things yourself. What will you do when you’re War Chief if I’m gone from your side?”
He straightened, frowning. “Never say that. I depend on you.”
She turned away to hide a quick, proud smile. Making her voice gruff, she said, “Well, then, you have to help me. Now go see to the arrangements for after Gan’s killed Bay. And be sure you only talk to good friends, people you can trust.”
He kissed her on top of the head, then turned and left. She followed quickly, holding the exit open a bare slit so she could peer through and watch him walk away.
How could anyone else lead the Dog People? He was so obviously the man for War Chief. It showed in his every move.
She let the blanket fall closed, walked back to her fire with her fingers to her lips, face drawn in taut concentration. She’d have to learn his plan, of course. Sometimes he didn’t think everything through quite properly. And there was the complication of involving someone else in the plot. She hoped there wouldn’t be more than one or two knowledgeable helpers. Three at the most. No one who knew the secret of Bay’s death could be allowed to live, and fatal accidents to more than three people would be hard to arrange. Someone might even get suspicious, and then...
Her eyes went to the flat pan and she rubbed her neck wearily. There was always so much to do.


Chapter 17
Gan and Clas fell into step with the solemn rhythm of the vozun drums. Gan was saddened by the prospect of the Journey. He understood the odds against his return. Still, try as he might, he couldn’t imagine his own death. That could only mean he was meant to survive, and gloriously.
There was no fear. Clas said a man who didn’t know fear didn’t understand life. Perhaps that would come later. Right now he felt an excitement that was like walking without touching the ground.
When they arrived at the dome, it was cloaked in an eerie gray-white haze. His pulse quickened at the thought of a magic softness shielding Earth Heart and its secrets. He broke off the thought, smiling to himself. What an odd, dreamlike notion, and on this, of all days. Anyhow, the haze was only smoke from illumination torches oozing through ventilation gaps under the slates.
They made their way to the steep stairs of the south entrance, following a passage so confined they had to bend past the wall-mounted oil lamps. The tunnel exited onto the floor of an amphitheater. Torch fire, the beating sun, and the body heat of the hundreds of men, crushed down on the graduated rows of benches with smothering oppressiveness.
Gan stopped as if he’d hit a wall. Beyond the normal smells, an eager, feral stink burdened the air.
The warriors had gathered to touch death.
Hackles rose on his neck. Stiff-legged, he joined the North Clan men. They made space for him beside one of the sloped, spokelike ramps leading up from the floor. Clas sat next to him and devoted his full attention to cleaning his fingernails with his shortknife. Gan wished he could be so casual.
Every man present was in his best finery. Polished metal, stones, and glass glittered from every direction. For an instant Gan’s mind staggered, as if flickering between two realities, and he saw every pinpoint of light as a seeking eye. The sensation lasted no longer than a blink. In itself, it was disturbing enough, but when he remembered the other fantasy of a few minutes earlier, the realization he’d done such a thing twice left a knot in his stomach.
An increased urgency in the buzz of conversation announced Col’s approach. He wore elk skin tanned to the softness of cotton and a flat steel collar for decoration. Trophy bones dangled from it on fine gold chains. Gan knew there were thirty. Col came straight to him, gripping the bare shoulder outside his vest’s shoulder strap. The hot dryness of the touch was a shock. Col stared deep into his eyes and said, “Whatever happens, know this: No man ever had a better son than I.”
It was revelation, the words he’d dreamed of hearing. They shut out the vozun drums, the crowd, everything. He tried to speak and failed completely. But words piled against each other in his throat. By the time he thought to reach out, to substitute contact for speech, Col was gone, stalking to the Elders’ Bench.
Faldar Yan and his sons filed in. Bay came directly behind his father, towering over him. Likat trailed them both like a sly shadow. The Yans’ kin set up a wordless chant of greeting. Many members of other clans joined in. Gan looked up and behind at North Clan. None cheered, but many wore expressions more eloquent than cheers.
Faldar singled them out for an especially broad smile.
At the center of the floor Col faced east and made his prescribed Three-sign. There was a sound like misting rain as each warrior did the same in the manner of his own clan. That done, Col turned slowly, ceremoniously greeting each direction.
Gan studied the oblong rings of seated men and the taut, eager expressions. He was reminded of a pack of coyotes trailing a hunting tiger.
In the midst of that thought, he noticed that Likat’s attention wasn’t fixed on Col or the Elders, either. He was looking directly at him.
There was no time to wonder about it. Col moved to take his seat, and the Elders gave Faldar permission to address the gathering. He spread his feet wide and aimed his words at the younger, more excitable warriors relegated to the higher seats.
At first it was what Gan expected. Faldar decried Col’s attempt to groom his son to be War Chief, and so forth. Then, ominously, the tenor of his voice changed to an abnormal softness.
He said, “We’re here to discuss sacrificing a youngster, make no mistake. Honor isn’t involved. How can there be? What can we expect of a boy who never knew a mother, who grew up in a tent filled with nothing but greed and ambition? Men my age will remember that his mother, like him, refused to befriend anyone. She bragged of knowing things ordinary people—meaning Dog People—cannot know.”
A high keening burst across Gan’s hearing. He looked away from Faldar, and he was sickened to see his father listening with his eyes closed, so composed he might have been sleeping. He hated him more than Faldar Yan.
He fought anyone who spoke of his mother with less than immense respect. Col’s callous unconcern brought back the memory of every insult, every snigger, every bruise and drop of blood her honor had cost him.
Bitter fire seared his throat. A handful of soft words from his father, and Gan had let himself be tricked into believing the man could care like other people.
Louder, demanding noise from the crowd pulled him out of his thoughts. Faldar was pointing at him. “To send this boy on the Journey is to punish him merely for being born. If the Dog People are to be equal to their destiny—and I intend to see that we are—we must be able to show pity as strongly as we seek vengeance. Gan Moondark failed on Nightwatch. No matter that he killed; remember, he struck from behind. More, his responsibility was to warn the tribe. If they’d killed him, they’d have been on us before we knew it.”
“All five of them.” Gan was mildly surprised to discover he was standing. He felt he was watching himself, hearing an icy voice he barely recognized. Clas stared up at him in disbelief. Gan went on. “I understand how you’d fear such an army, but Nightwatch lives to protect you.”
Faldar spun around. “You are forbidden to speak when another is in the center of Earth Heart!”
“A lie has to be killed before it grows too large to deal with. You should know that, Faldar; your son Bay’s a walking lie, and look how big he’s gotten.”
Enraged, Faldar made a step forward, but Likat was after him in one leap, holding him back, calling Bay to help him. Between them, they restrained the older man. As he calmed down, Likat pulled Bay clear, speaking with cupped hand directly at his ear. The larger man gave no sign of hearing, staring hatred at Gan. Likat continued to harangue him as Faldar waved the roaring crowd to silence.
Faldar said, “Reject this boy, I say; unname him as a Dog. Let all other tribes see that when a man loves life more than honor, the Dog People grant him his life.”
At the ensuing sullen rumble of disagreement, Faldar’s demanding gaze centered on certain individuals. Leaping to their feet, they argued his case for him. Hands began to go up in approval of Faldar’s position.
Gan resisted the almost overwhelming urge to strike back, to brand Faldar a liar, but something told him to wait, that this wasn’t the end of it. In fact, he felt his earlier exhilarating lightness return.
Likat dropped back to his seat as Bay stepped past his father and addressed the Elders. “My father’s mercy is misplaced. Even though Gan’s a man of no honor, he insulted my family. I claim blood right.”
Once again Faldar seemed ready to explode, but instinctively he looked to the crowd, and for the first time he seemed aware of what Gan had seen all along. The warriors’ interest wasn’t in justice or tradition. They wanted excitement, and his failure to react to Gan’s taunts wasn’t sitting well. Speaking past stiff lips, he said, “We’ll leave the matter to the warriors. Either we strip Gan of his membership in the tribe and reject him, or he answers for insulting my family.”
The vote for a fight shook the tree-trunk rafters and support beams. Gan watched Col rise from his seat and come to stand beside him. At the edge of Gan’s vision, Clas moved to join them.
Aside from shortknives, the sacred fighting murdats were the only weapons allowed in Earth Heart. They reposed at the feet of the senior Elder, encased in a box decorated with gold and jewels. After reciting the prayer for reconciliation, with its obligatory three pauses so the antagonists could speak to each other if they wished, he opened it. He turned it so all could see the ancient weapons, with their wooden handles and straight, unflared blades. Then he called for friends of the fighters to come forward for the customary inspection. Clas and Likat volunteered, and Likat produced a folded cloth. He gave it to Clas, who wiped a blade clean and handed it back. Then Likat folded the material over once more and ran the second blade through the fold, first one edge, then the other. He handed it to Clas.
Faldar moved then, brushing the advancing Bay aside like a gnat. “You insulted all of my family,” he said, “and that means you’ll fight me.” He smirked at Col. “I know what you’re thinking, but remember the rules; only two may fight. The death of one ends all challenges between those clans for a full year.”
Gan saw his father tense momentarily, but his answer was restrained. “Gan will see you’ve no need to concern yourself with me. Or anyone else. Ever.”
Faldar barked laughter, snatching the weapon from a stupefied Likat. Bay made one last attempt to argue with his father and was nearly bowled over for it. Likat scrambled out of his way and retreated to his seat, where he sat bent forward until he was almost in a fetal ball.
An Elder carrying an ornately carved wildcow horn at least three feet long stepped to the center of the arena. The shouting of the crowd died to a murmur and finally to utter silence. The Elder blew a single note. In the confines of the dome the cushioning bodies absorbed the sound and gave it a muted, haunting distance. The hair moved on Gan’s neck and arms, and then the Elder spoke in the formalized singsong his office required. “Challenges must be answered. The sacred murdats are issued. There can be no other weapons or shields. Once wakened, the sacred blades must take life before they can be returned to rest. Know all present that victory does not signify right, nor defeat wrong. The duel answers only honor and courage. That is the way.”
At the Elder’s signal, every head bowed. The prayer for courage was over in seconds.
Clas whispered hoarsely behind Gan, barely audible against the growing sound of the crowd. “He’ll rely on his size, try to intimidate you. Tire him. When he slows, kill him.”
Facing his father and Clas, Gan said, “Only to save my life.” Veins stood out in Col’s throat. Before he could speak, the command “Fight!” came from the Elders’ seats.
Gan hefted the weapon. It was lighter, not as well balanced as his own murdat. It consoled him that Faldar was as unaccustomed to his.
He couldn’t understand how he’d suddenly become so terribly thirsty. His lips felt dry and cracked when he licked them. Faldar, his jacket stripped off to reveal a hairy, bulking torso, advanced in a shuffle, knees bent, blade poised for attack or defense. Gan moved slowly to his left, defending.
The larger man rushed furiously. Gan stepped away, taunting. “Clumsy old man.” He managed to smile, adding to the sting.
Faldar charged once more. The fury of it tumbled Gan against the front bench. When Faldar chopped down at him, he rolled under it. Scrambling spectators cursed and trampled each other getting out of the way. Gan’s counterstroke at Faldar’s ankles would have severed his feet, but he leaped away. Before he could recover and attack again, Gan was upright, ready.
Gan took his eyes from Faldar’s weapon long enough to study his face. He saw the older man was chastened by the wasted opportunity. There was more there, as well; there was a respect that carried the first taint of fear. A lunging feint sent Faldar dodging away.
At that first sign of caution, Gan went on the offense. Faldar was forced back, and jeers cascaded from the stalwarts of North Clan.
Bellowing, he gathered his strength and rushed Gan again, his swordplay like axe work. Instead of absorbing their force, Gan deflected them. The clash of metal on metal grew fainter, less frequent. Gan’s confidence soared.
He relaxed. And took a thrust into his left shoulder that burned like fire on contact and left him with the amazing sensation that an iron spike was still nailed there.
Bay yelled triumph, “Kill! Kill! Kill!”
The crowd took up the chant.
Faldar penetrated his defense, slashed eagerly. At the last instant Gan flung himself to the ground to his right, rolling. As he rose, Faldar was past him, pivoting, raising the sword to strike again, but it was too late. Gan drove with his entire body, arm extended, aiming at Faldar’s unprotected middle.
The thick figure stopped in a lurching, tiptoeing motion. He dropped his weapon, but refused to look down at the sword in his stomach. Gan stepped back, pulled it free, and Faldar opened his mouth as if he would speak or cry out. He managed only a weary sigh, and it seemed to carry away the last energy left him. He went down on his back like a great, felled pine.
Bay’s shriek brought Gan around in a crouch, instinctively ready for this new threat. He attempted to avoid the attack, warding off Bay’s shortknife with his empty hand, but the sacred blade took blood again, nicking Bay’s wrist. By that time Likat and several others were pulling him back to his seat. A ragged chorus of disapproval aimed at Bay was quickly refuted by South Clan, who came to their feet as one, complaining that Gan had struck at an unarmed man.
The wildcow horn restored order, and the senior Elder collected the weapons. All watched in silence while he blessed them and placed them beside the box on the bench, where they would wait for the cleansing rites. There was another rustling Three-sign through the crowd. Only when it quieted would he acknowledge them.
“The fight was fair,” he declared. “The challenge is ended. Bay Yan acted rashly, but not dishonorably. Gan Moondark made no attempt to injure. The original question before the Elders was, ‘Shall Gan Moondark be sent on the Honor Journey for failure on Night-watch?’ The answer is that he must go. However, the victor of a duel must attend the burning ceremony for the defeated. Gan Moondark will ride to strike the Mountain People’s main camp immediately after Faldar Yan’s burning and the cleaning of the sacred weapons. It is said. It is the way.”
With the cautious tread of strangers, Gan, his father, and Clas moved to the north exit. Gan’s knees shook now, and when he stole a glance at his father, he was startled to see a white line of tension at his nostrils and the quick, ceaseless scanning of a man who expects attack. Clas was the calmest, but fully alert. Still, it was he who spat on the ground as soon as they were in the daylight. Bitterly, he said, “Well, Col? If not now, when?”
Col shook his head, jaw set. “It may be time, but I’m not ready. Not yet.”
Gan said, “You’re talking about me, something I should know.”
After a pause, Col said, “Yes. But there’s one more thing we have to be certain about. I’ll tell you as soon as I can.” He looked to Clas. “It has to happen right. You know.”
Clas growled. “Yes, I know.”
Col struck off toward his tent, leaving Gan and Clas no choice but to follow.


Chapter 18
Within minutes of walking from Earth Heart to his own tent, Bay Yan collapsed, clutching the wound on his wrist and moaning. When they had to pry his hand open and the minor cut was seen to be already ugly and discolored with infection, the news struck through every tent like lightning.
Everyone had already remarked on how solicitous and helpful Likat had been on the walk from Earth Heart to the Yan tent, and all hearts went out to him when they saw how distraught he was at his friend’s collapse. His reaction paled beside Bay’s mother’s however. She stepped outside just in time to see her son crumple to the ground and promptly flew into monumental hysterics. It was also agreed by everyone that it was a marvelous stroke of luck that Kolee happened to be visiting the Yan tent at the time. Remarkably, a few minutes’ private conversation with Kolee had Likat rebounding from sick depression to confidence that Bay would recover. So great was his assurance that he immediately assumed control of the increasingly hostile and agitated younger warriors. In Bay’s name.
Not everyone saw all these activities in the same light.
Sylah felt she’d seen as much anger as distress in Likat’s performance. His loud insistence that the Moondark men were somehow responsible for the frighteningly swift degeneration of Bay’s flesh had a discordant ring, as well.
There were other factors, as she had explained to the Moondarks and Clas that night. It was late as they talked in her tent, and she was exhausted from working on Bay. His situation was demanding, and Kolee was a complicating, hostile presence, bitterly protesting every contact between him and Sylah. Only Chelo’s pleading and Neela’s insistence forced the older Healer to tolerate “interference.” Kolee’s further response to Chelo’s attitude was to supply her with a “soothing tonic,” which had the woman snoring like a prairie bear within minutes. Sylah said Kolee was still laboring over Bay when she left the tent, and then surprised the three men by adding that she admired Kolee’s work. She explained that when she arrived where Bay lay on the ground, Kolee had already cleansed his wound. There was little else for her to do, Sylah went on, so she’d checked his sweat. Gan had boggled at that, and she told him that the smell of sweat could tell her as much as footprints told him. Bay’s carried the biting tang associated with men injured in conflict. At her abbey they simply called it battle sweat; it was unmistakable. Then, within a minute or so after they had him carried to his bed, she checked again and discovered a completely different and unknown scent, a pall that made her think of mushrooms. More than that, his heartbeat was weak and rapid.
Sylah admitted that the speed and impact of the change baffled her. Kolee had moved with calm haste, however, keeping Bay warm, immobile, and full of soothing chamomile. It had seemed too ordinary to Sylah, but she said that by the time she left to get some rest, it was clear he wasn’t going to die.
His recovery might be a much different story. Privately, she feared the hand would never function properly again.
The two older men had exchanged long, searching looks. Sylah felt the atmosphere of the room shift. Where there had been concern—even worry—now there was relief, as if a course had been decided. When she tried to find out what they were thinking about, they politely and transparently denied any hidden thoughts. She’d gone to bed immediately, too tired to bother being frustrated.
The following morning the Elders declared Faldar had died of violence, his death uncontaminated by disease. Likat continued to try to convince others that the Moondarks were guilty of something. Neela pointed out to him that his arguments might change the Elders’ minds, and if they decided Faldar’s death was tainted, they’d have to send Faldar to the fire without the preparation his status demanded. Likat merely quieted his ranting near the Yan tent.
And he had allies. Sylah saw the knots of warriors as she moved about the camp. There was always at least one man in their midst demanding they condemn the Moondarks.
The entire camp understood that what had been started couldn’t end at this point. Not even children were allowed to disturb the cloak of expectation; at the first breakout of shrill laughter, an adult would descend on the guilty one like a hawk on a chick, scolding, shielding, their own faces twisted into the angry concern that children can never truly understand.
After her attempt to stifle Likat, Neela behaved as if dazed. She attached herself to Sylah. If they were separated for more than a few minutes, she returned to grip Sylah’s hand in a desperate need for reassurance. She hardly spoke, and when Sylah tried to sympathize, the girl thanked her with stilted formality. A moment later she shook her head and said that wasn’t what bothered her most. Still, when Sylah probed further, she’d only muttered about a falling tree knocking down saplings.
That afternoon they ate together in Sylah’s tent, trying to ignore the pala drums of South Clan that thumped unending reminder that their leader went to the fire at the next sunrise. The question on everyone’s lips was, would Bay be next to him?
On their way back to the Yan tent, a large stone skipped off the road a yard in front of them. It left a scar in the dirt and a flat, ugly sound that seemed to hang in the air long after it had bounced away. Sylah stopped short, looking in the direction from which it came. A group of perhaps a dozen young warriors huddled there, jostling, giggling. One of them whispered something, and the rest laughed coarsely.
Sylah lightly touched Neela’s elbow. “Ignore them,” she whispered. “Hurry.”
Another rock bounced in front of them before they’d traveled three strides. Neela rounded on them. “Don’t you dare throw things at us! I know who you are. My brothers will call your names.”
The one the others found so amusing spoke for them. “No one would hurt you, Neela. We admired your father. We like your brother. But you shouldn’t be walking with that Olan—” He smothered the word, but his friends heard it. They laughed some more.
Sylah said, “I’m on my way to help Bay Yan. Why are you angry with me?”
“You’re a spy for the Moondarks.”
Another voice rose, “And for Clas. He’s just like them.” Something clammy squeezed Sylah’s heart. Neela looked at her peculiarly, waiting for her answer.
In that look Sylah felt more challenge than the troublemakers represented. To the warriors she said, “I speak to anyone I choose. That’s the way of the Dog People, and I’m a guest of your tribe. Go home. Ask your mothers to teach you manners. Ask your fathers if they show their courage by stoning women.”
She continued her walk, Neela proud beside her. For the first time since her father’s death, she smiled. It wasn’t much, but Sylah cherished it.
Abreast of the next tent, Likat called to them. Neela seemed ready to break away. Yet again she clutched Sylah’s hand, careful to keep the contact out of Likat’s sight. Gently, Sylah freed herself and moved to stand in front of him. With a bob of her head she indicated the other warriors. She said, “You heard?”
He smiled. “I was curious to see what you’d say. You’re bold.” She waited, unamused. He spoke to Neela. “I wanted Sylah to see how much our men need discipline.”
Neela said, “Are you the fighting instructor now? Or the War Chief?” Likat took no apparent notice, but Sylah had to repress a wince. Neela’s voice was shrill, scratchy; her control was very uncertain.
Likat said, “Your brother will be War Chief.”
Neela’s lower lip was trembling. “We shouldn’t be talking this way. He’s too sick.”
“No.” He let them wait, enjoyed the hoarding of his secret. Then he said, “He spoke to Kolee and Chelo. He asked for you, Neela.”
Instantly Neela was running for her home, graceful as an antelope, skirt swirling, golden braids flashing. Likat watched, and once more Sylah saw the way he looked at her. She started to follow her, but he caught her arm. “Bay and Chelo have some things to tell our Neela. They’ll want privacy, fortunately, because I’ve been wanting to speak to you about your position here.”
“You have nothing to say about that.”
His face hardened around his smile. “Yes I do. As you’ll see. First, however, you’re very close to Neela.”
Sylah nodded.
“Good. She’s going to be my wife.”
She stared, immobilized. He went on, “Neela’s a beautiful thing, but not really interesting, you understand? I’ll need someone else to entertain me. When I’m bored, I become irritable. Sometimes I hurt people. As her friend, you wouldn’t want her injured. Am I being clear?”
Her words grated. “When Church hears what you said—”
He twisted her arm, made her gasp. “When do you think you’ll tell Church your tale? I control the camp now. You’re forbidden to leave.”
It was like a blow, and she staggered. “You think the Dog warriors will risk their souls for your—your entertainment?”
“There’s a rumor that you’re not really a Priestess. I explained to my men that you won’t try to run from us unless you’ve something to hide. And if someone comes along to vouch for you, why, Church forgives.” He let go of her arm, emphasizing her helplessness. “You chose the wrong friends. Learn to live with the new reality and your life will be better for it.” He walked away jauntily.
Her heart drummed at her ribs. As soon as she felt able, she hurried to the Yan tent, careless of her steps. She tripped over a guy rope and sprawled flat. Ignoring amused gawkers, she brushed absently at dirt and bits of grass. When she burst through the entry flap without bothering to announce herself, she was at least presentable.
The main room was empty. Heated voices penetrated the soft-wall, coming from Bay’s room. She moved determinedly in that direction, but as she reached for the flap, something made her check.
It was a man’s voice she didn’t recognize, deep and resonant, one accustomed to authority, but now uncertain. He said, “The wife has taken her daughter away, as you asked. That changes nothing. The sacred murdats have never been seen by a woman. I can’t believe your accusation, and that’s the only reason you give me for wanting to see them.”
Kolee said, “I can prove what I say. Are the weapons in that case?”
Sylah edged away from the flap, trying to imagine where they were standing. She had to steady the hand holding her shortknife by bracing it with the other, but she managed to open a slit about an inch long in the material of the wall. Slowly, she pulled it open, peering in.
The Elder faced her in his ceremonial jacket decorated with ermine tails. A decorative band of mink ran down the outside of each trouser leg. A coyote pelt formed his hat and extended cloaklike down his back. It had polished agate eyes set in silver sockets. They looked back at Sylah, cold with accusation.
Bay lay on his bed, his hand a frightening purple-black, so swollen it looked ready to burst. Nevertheless, the upper arm looked much better, and he was sleeping soundly.
The Elder held up the blades for Kolee’s inspection. Even from her clumsy vantage point Sylah could tell they were very old, much more crude than anything Saband would create in his smithy. The Elder’s voice trembled as he said the same thing to Kolee, pointing out how the metal surface was marred by hundreds of tiny pits and cracks.
Kolee nodded impatiently, interrupting to say that it was the condition of the blades that made her think of poison in the first place. She added that Bay’s reaction reminded her of her own departed husband. As she talked, she examined one blade, then the second, holding it under the Elder’s nose. He looked ill as she pointed out the grainy, dustlike smudge on its surface. She forced him to restate that Faldar unmistakably died from the thrust of the weapon; no poison had time to react on him. Then, just as his confusion over that apparent contradiction struck him, she argued that Faldar’s body absorbed most of it from that part of the blade; the remaining trace caused Bay’s trouble.
He didn’t want to believe. “We don’t really know there’s poison on it. I’ve heard Likat’s accusations against the Moondarks. I know his ambitions for Bay, and I know you support them. Col and Clas are honorable men. You understand I must see proof. What you’re suggesting is the worst crime in our history.”
Kolee’s harsh expression faltered. She blinked, and a surprisingly pink tongue slipped across her lips. Rather than remorse or pity, however, there was a pulse of eagerness in her voice as she bobbed her head and repeated, “Yes, yes, yes.” Then, in her aggressive waddle, she went to the opposite slit entry and opened it, giving a low whistle. One of the Yan brothers appeared, carrying a chicken. He handed it over to Kolee, who dismissed him, watching until she was sure he was gone. Still unspeaking, she used the edge near the butt of the suspect blade to make a small cut in the bird’s leg. It jerked and squawked, fluttering wildly for a moment before calming. In seconds it was in distress.
When Kolee put it on the carpet, it could barely stand. It stumbled drunkenly, falling and rising. Sylah looked away, her gaze drawn to Kolee. A barely repressed smile twitched the Healer’s lips. Sylah had the sickening feeling the woman was somehow proud of what was happening. The Elder demanded she end the bird’s misery. She wrung its neck and recalled the boy to carry it off.
Kolee said, “A rattlesnake couldn’t have killed it quicker. What more proof could you ask? Who had access to the blades?”
He said stiffly, “Me.”
Kolee prodded gently. “Aren’t they examined before the fighters use them? It could have been Clas who fouled it, as easily as Gan. But you saw Likat wipe it clean.”
He nodded soberly. Sylah nearly choked on the urge to shout at the man. Couldn’t he see that Kolee had detailed knowledge of the sacred murdats that “no woman had ever seen”? How did she know the weapons were inspected? How could she know who inspected them?
The Elder was so shaken he wasn’t thinking. And he was their last chance. Dully, he said, “They must have put the poison on the blade during the prayer.”
Sylah pulled back from her eyehole as he returned the blades to their case.
Likat was the poisoner. Of that she was sure. But everyone knew Faldar had accepted the challenge after Bay—Of course! Likat meant for Bay to die, not Faldar.
Kolee, she knew. Sylah’s mind flashed back to the pair of them, sneaking about near the bog. She gestured at Likat with a sack, and he’d been frightened. She said it: rattlesnake.
Kolee was practically babbling. “…at the burning tomorrow morning. They’ll have to be there, all three of them. My son will confront them then, with the entire tribe to witness. It’s Col’s fault. Col Moondark. He and his spawn have shamed the people. All these years—now, revenge. For this horrible thing, I mean. The poison.”
The Elder watched her warily, but muttered agreement, allowing her to guide him to the other exit. He insisted the information be held secret until the proper moment. The flap was still settling behind him when she clasped her hands under her chin and whirled in a clumsy circle of joy.
Sylah darted for the outside exit, actually had her hand on it when Likat called just outside, identifying himself, asking if Kolee was present. From behind her Kolee shouted for him to come in.
She was trapped.


Chapter 19
Sylah dove at Kolee, relying on surprise to bowl over the older woman.
Kolee was more than surprised, she was dumbfounded, but she reacted instinctively, grappling with her attacker. The two of them tumbled into Bay’s room, Kolee’s short arms around Sylah as tight as she could hold. Likat, after a split second of confusion, ran after them. He arrived just as Sylah broke free, searching wildly for the other exit. He wrapped a forearm under her chin and gripped that fist with his other hand, lifting and squeezing. The tips of her toes barely touched the floor.
Blood roared in her ears, and her eyes seemed to be swelling out of her skull. He was closing down the artery in her neck; how many times had she gently massaged it to ease one of her patients? How often had she been warned never to interfere with its function, because without its continuous feeding of the brain, the entire body stopped? She clawed at his arm, reached for his face, but he merely made a growling sound and lifted harder.
A red mist settled across her vision, blotting out the sight of Kolee, who was dancing about clumsily in her excitement, flapping her arms and making wet-mouthed gobbling noises.
The mist turned gray, then black. The noise in her head stopped.
The next sensation she was aware of was the touch of a hand under her jaw. She tried to think where she was, and couldn’t, which was unpleasant, but the hand wasn’t hurting her, and she was too tired to pull away. Something warned her that she should be afraid. It was too much trouble. Anyhow, her eyes throbbed; she told herself she’d open them later, when she felt better.
A faraway voice said, “She’s alive,” and another one answered, “Not for long. She overheard, didn’t she?”
“What are you saying, Likat! We can’t kill a Priestess!”
Likat. Kolee.
Awareness and remembrance seeped into her brain on waves of pain.
She concentrated all her will on hearing and understanding. “She knows exactly what we did.” That was Likat.
Kolee protested, “She only heard what I told Elder Alt. She doesn’t know—”
“They know. If she tells the Moondarks and Clas what she heard, they’ll come for me. You said it yourself. Until you ruined it, we had the perfect way to accuse them. Now we have to do something about her.”
“Don’t kill her,” Kolee pleaded. “Church will name you. Your soul will be taken.”
“Our souls, Kolee. Church will make room for you, too, so we have to be clever. An accident, or something.”
After a thoughtful silence that stretched Sylah’s nerves to breakpoint, Kolee’s sly voice rose again. “What if she were part of their plan?”
“What?” Likat’s tone questioned her sanity.
“Someone had to prepare the poison. Why not her?”
“She’s just going to confess?”
Kolee bubbled with excitement. “We convince everyone she’s diseased; no one but me will get near her. We keep her in my tent until after Faldar’s ceremony tomorrow morning. When we come back from getting rid of the Moondarks and Clas, we’ll ‘find’ her with a poisoned shortknife beside her. Church will reject her.”
Likat spoke musingly. “I’ve never been convinced she’s just a missionary. I think I’ll ask her some questions tonight.”
“You mustn’t. We agreed, you’re going out with your Nightwatch friends, just in case something goes wrong. You promised.”
“We’ll see.” It was grudging, and Sylah’s palms were suddenly damp. Then he said, “Give her something to make her sick. And what about Bay?”
“Sleeping like a baby. He’s recovering well. Except for his hand. It’s going to be useless.”
Likat’s careless grunt disposed of that subject.
Sylah steeled herself for the inescapable. Her stomach rolled dangerously at the thought of having to swallow whatever concoction Kolee was preparing. She heard the Healer—and gritted her teeth at the irony of the title—puttering about. She recognized a series of musical notes like tiny bells as something dropping into a metal pot. Next came pouring water, and the sounds of stirring and crushing.
Likat lifted her head roughly, pulling her jaw open. Feigning unconsciousness, she got the vile mess down. She couldn’t identify the taste, but the effect was almost immediate, and she rolled over to be sick.
“Holly berries,” Kolee said. “She’ll be too weak to blink.”
“Holly? More poison?”
“It shouldn’t be enough to kill her. Actually, it makes little difference when she goes, does it? We have to hurry, though, so people will see you carrying her and believe she’s diseased.” Her cheerful malice sent Sylah into another spasm of vomiting. As if dealing with one of her own patients, she noted how her heartbeat had grown erratic, her skin clammy.
As Likat lifted her, she fainted again.
* * *
Her consciousness returned as a sharp transition, with a lingering dream sensation of falling from warm comfort into frigid water. The reality was that she was cold and shivering.
She lay on her right side, her hands lashed together behind her back. A cord looped tightly around her neck led to her ankles, pulling them up behind her; when she attempted to straighten her legs, the loop choked her. She hurriedly returned to the bent attitude that avoided strangling.
In addition to her bonds, there was a gag in her mouth. Her stomach warned her not to think of the taste of it.
She opened her eyes the merest slit, peering through her lashes. Across the tent, Kolee sat slumped against a mound of pillows. The dim light of the single candle made it impossible to tell if the other woman’s eyes were open or not, and Sylah finally opened her own fully.
Kolee shifted, muttering to herself. Then she began to snore. Sylah tried again to move. The loop stopped her.
And this was where it all led.
Silent tears slid down against the rough cloth of the gag.
Her mind swept her into the darkest part of her past, dredged up all the worst childhood images. She trembled uncontrollably, remembering being thrown in the basket with other children. The pressure of her bonds was the same terror she’d felt when the shock of capture wore off. She remembered twisting and squirming, sitting on someone, jouncing, being sat on.
And then came the selection.
They took her. Owned her.
Now she was owned again.
And this was where it all ended. The Abbess’ schemes. Her own plans.
The Door. I’ll never know what it led to.
Cheated. Always. Now for the last time.
More tears came then, searing drops of disappointment as well as sorrow.
She swallowed hard, clenched her teeth against the shivering and the sobs.
They’ll kill me. They won’t defeat me.
The first time she saw the movement, she thought it was a shadow, the wind moving a softwall. When she noticed no other wall was moving, she wanted to cry out for help. The thought that it was probably Likat stopped her. Indeed, she looked anxiously to Kolee, hoping the older woman would wake.
A black presence slipped into the room and was absorbed by a dark corner. It stalked the sleeping Kolee. Silently, swiftly, it grabbed her exactly as Likat had grabbed herself. She twitched in sympathy as the woman’s eyes flew wide and she flailed helplessly.
It was over quickly. The black figure lowered her to the floor as a second figure entered and moved directly to herself.
Before it bent over her, she knew it was Clas. He reached to cut the truss line at her neck, bringing his black-painted face only inches from hers. The rush of blood to her head made her giddy. For a moment, she saw the same softness in his expression she’d seen in the women who had made her a Chosen, but then he was slashing the bonds at her wrists and removing her gag, and she was still crying, foolishly, happily, infuriatingly.
He helped her to her feet, quickly scooping her into his arms when she would have fallen. Kolee was already bound and gagged as they passed, and Gan was waiting at the exit flap. As they reached the deserted path between tents, Sylah’s breath caught at the sight of three dark shapes rising ahead of them before she recognized Gan’s dogs. The animals led the way back to Col’s tent.
Inside, they placed her on cushions. Their heavy-handed solicitousness made her smile, which threatened to bring on the maddening tears again, but she pushed them back. She asked for bread and milk, and Clas trotted out, returning with a pitcher, a mug, and a whole loaf. There was a jar of honey, as well.
Between bites and sips she told them what had happened. When she asked why they’d risked contact with someone diseased, Col merely said, “For several reasons.” She knew better than to probe, and he reinforced her decision by suggesting she rest for a while.
He turned to Gan. “You still hold to the choice you made earlier?”
“Yes.” Pain scored the determined features. “There is no choice. We have to run away.”
“Accept disgrace? Abandon the tribe when it needs us most?” Clas’ voice accused, but Sylah saw anticipation in his quick lean forward and in the way he cocked his head to the side. She was convinced he was seeking an affirmative answer to questions she’d have sworn were unthinkable. Then something happened that destroyed all her neat logic. Worse, she had to wonder if she knew the least thing about these people. Clas’ eyes went to Col, studying him, registering his solemn approval of Gan’s statement. Then he looked back at Gan, and she saw resignation, and—what stunned her—a sort of helpless fury.
Gan answered stubbornly. “We could kill some of Likat’s and Bay’s friends, maybe even them. That won’t prove we didn’t poison the weapon. We’d end up dead, and others would say the dying branded us guilty. Even worse, there are those who’d believe us and die beside us, for no purpose. Our only chance to prove our innocence is to survive. If our absence hurts the tribe, then the tribe will only be paying for its mistakes.”
This time Sylah concentrated on Col. He was actually relieved, smiling openly. And then it struck her, and she realized she’d been a fool. Gan still didn’t know of his mother’s prophecy. Col was still withholding the information that might influence Gan’s course of action. The father knew he must die as part of his son’s promised rise, yet he had so much faith in his son’s destiny he refused to risk affecting him.
Or to admit his love.
She hated him for being so brave that his courage demanded her complicity.
She sat up, unsteady. Clas moved to help, but she smiled and shook her head. She asked, “How long before the people start moving toward the burning place?”
Col glanced at the water clock. “About four hours. Don’t worry, we’re already prepared. We’ve a litter for you, if you’re too weak to ride.”
“Neela must come with us.”
Col stared, taken aback. Gan said, “Why?”
Sylah told them what Likat had said, adding, “You don’t know what it is to be property. I won’t leave her here.”
Gan ran a finger across his lips, thinking. “This is her home, her tribe. She may not want to come. After all, we don’t know where we’re going.”
Sick, weary, Sylah knew she had no strength for argument. She lifted her shoulders in a shrug. “If she decides, so be it. If she stays, I must.”
“Stay? Here?” Clas’ voice tore at her. She wished she had a choice. He went on, “I won’t let you.”
She smiled at him. “That’s just it, Clas. You’ll never understand. Not being allowed, I mean.” He didn’t understand. He clamped his jaws tight. She reached for his hand. “Get me into her room. Please.”
“Crazy. You can hardly walk,” he muttered, already conceding.
Gan said, “What if she gives an alarm?”
“She won’t.”
Gan made a face, then turned to Clas. “I’ll go with you.”
The trip to the Yan tent was a nightmare series of impressions as she fought the effects of the poison. She was stronger, and able to support herself, but her feet were wooden and her mind insisted on drifting into other times. At one point she was sure she was talking to the Abbess, and once she was sure Lanta held her hand and was seeing into her thoughts again. She came away from that memory with a sense of falling, and discovered that she had, indeed, stumbled and Clas’ grip was all that saved her.
Gan left them huddled in the shadows while he crept to the tent. Neela’s room, he knew, was next to Bay’s sickroom. If they hadn’t moved her. If she didn’t scream. If.
He crawled on his belly past the suffused light coming through the tent wall, closing his mind against the throbbing of his wounded shoulder. With his murdat he carefully sliced an opening just large enough for him to crawl through. Next, he wrapped his jacket around the blade and poked it through the hole; when no one slashed it, he followed it inside.
The scent of the room, a mix of flowers and spices, told him it was Neela’s. Light through the softwall from Bay’s room allowed him to see her on her bed, curled up so small he doubted his eyes, at first.
He positioned himself directly in front of her, then lifted a lock of her hair. It was like a mist, delicate in the luminance through the softwall. He followed it with his eyes as he drew it across her cheek, and missed her frightened waking.
She lunged at him with the hand from under her pillow. Only his hundreds of hours of arms practice saved his life. The shortknife whispered past his throat so close he thought he felt its cold edge. Grabbing that hand, he slapped the other over her mouth, but not before she had time to say, “No, Lik—”
“It’s me, Gan!” he whispered hoarsely. For a second she continued to press against him. Her heart hammered against his until she pulled back. At a querulous noise from the next room, he started, but she shook her head. With her free hand she mimed someone drinking, and he understood she was indicating that her mother was drugged.
They sat that way, staring at each other, his hand still clasping her wrist, for almost a full minute. When he was satisfied they were undiscovered, he leaned close enough to touch her ear with his lips. “Sylah wants you.”
“She’s here? Now? Why are you here?”
He let go of the knife hand, and she lowered it back to the pillow. He said, “Is there a place safe for talking?”
She shook her head again, frightened eyes fixed on his, and he suspected her reaction was more a rejection of him than an answer to the question. He went on, “She said she has to talk to you. We’re leaving. She won’t come unless you do. Clas is outside with her now.”
She froze. “Outside? Here?” Without waiting for an answer, she clutched a blanket around herself and gestured for him to follow. They made no sound on the carpet as she led him into the main room. She indicated where he should wait while she looked in on Bay, then rejoined him. She pulled him down closer to her mouth, then said, “My brothers sleep like the dead, and my mother won’t hear us. Why is she leaving with you? Is Clas going, too?”
“She’ll tell you.” He hurried outside. They half carried Sylah in, then left to lie just outside the entry.
Sylah took Neela’s hands in hers. “I know about Likat,” she said. She took a deep, steadying breath to help her forge ahead. “I was sent here by my abbey to destroy any alliance between your tribe and Ola. My abbess and I decided that the surest way would be to take Faldar Yan’s daughter to Harbundai as a hostage.”
Her face is so white, Sylah thought. It’s as though I’d drained the blood from her. But she must know.
“I have a mixture in my medical kit. It makes a tea that will make you forget what I tell you to forget, do what I tell you to do. It was my last resort to make you come with me. You are expected. You’ll be treated well. And I would have influence and power. Nevertheless, I can’t betray you. Still, I beg you to do what I want you to do, not for my sake anymore, but for your own. Neither Gan nor Clas nor Col poisoned the murdat. They’re waiting for me to leave with them, because it’s the only way they can hope to restore their honor. Likat and Kolee made me their prisoner this afternoon because I learned they’re the poisoners. I think, in your heart, you’ve known that all along, and you said nothing because you believed your brother might be involved. I swear to you Bay knew nothing of it. Likat meant for him to die. Is such a man to be your mate?”
Neela almost snarled. “Gan killed my father. He hurt my brother. You only want me for your own purposes. You lied to all of us. How are you different from Likat?”
“I love you.”
The girl crumpled. “Don’t say that! I want to believe you, and I can’t. Not any longer. You know I love you; how can I tell you’re not just saying that?”
“Come with me. Quickly.”
“No. I belong with my people.”
Sylah sighed. “I’ll tell Gan and Clas. I stay, too.” She started to rise, still weak and awkward, and Neela pulled her back down easily.
“You said Likat and Kolee made you a prisoner. How’d you escape?”
It all seemed so useless. The floor swayed like a willow branch in the breeze. For the merest instant she saw a flash of a girl playing by a streamside, and it took all her strength to avoid closing her eyes to drift off and join her. Dispiritedly, fighting nausea, she told of Likat’s plans and how Gan and Clas rescued her from Kolee.
Even as she droned on, her mind examined her own situation. Nothing’s changed, she thought; not for me. I tried. I did my best. But when they do it—she couldn’t bring herself to think of dawn bringing death—it will be for my reasons. No one owns me anymore.
Neela stood up, pulling her along. She said, “Bay will make the alliance my father wanted. If I can prevent my people going to war by leaving, I must. Your story of staying here when you know you’ll be killed doesn’t impress me, because I don’t believe you. Go tell Gan and Clas I’ll be out front as soon as I can.”
She ghosted from the room, leaving Sylah alone. She made her way to the entry. Before leaving, she turned to stare at the place where Neela had disappeared into the darkness.
If this was victory, why did she feel such a tearing sense of loss?


Chapter 20
The awe in Gan’s voice as he described Neela’s appearance in their midst brought a thin smile to his father’s face. He said, “She was like a deer, on us before we knew it. And with both horses, her own and Sylah’s. No one else could have kept them so quiet."
Neela ignored him. She’d closed herself off from all of them since agreeing to join them. She continued to help Sylah pack, stuffing clothes into a leather bag. Gan wished he could say or do something to make her feel better. One look at her would tell anyone she didn’t need reassurance, however. Her strength of purpose surprised him. In thinking about it, he remembered that she’d agreed to meet with Sylah only after he told her Clas was escaping with them.
The thought sent a slimy sensation running up his spine that left him feeling soiled. Shocked, he recognized the touch of jealousy. It embarrassed him.
He was pleased when Col indicated they were ready to load the packhorses. All the equipment for their escape and survival was packed in waterproof soft leather bags. The load-carrying racks were padded to prevent injury to the animals. As a seminomadic people, the Dog People had learned long ago that the pack animals required as much attention as war-horses. When survival depended on mobility, that which couldn’t move must be sacrificed. Everyone knew everything they carried was precious, if not irreplaceable.
Moving swiftly and surely in the dark, the men had the bags lashed on the racks in minutes.
The bandage on Gan’s shoulder bulged under the tough leather and chain mail of his combat gear. The wound cut down on his ability to lift, but it was a minor consideration, thanks to Sylah’s treatment. The strong smell of the valerian root powder she’d sprinkled on it made his nose itch, but the wound was clean. He winced more at the memory of the carelessness that brought it than the actual pain. It had been a good lesson.
He also remembered the touch of her hand, the soothing of her voice as she described the treatment in progress. She’d calmed him, drawn pain from his body, made him secure in her care.
He caught himself watching Clas, and spun away and ducked back inside the tent, making the excuse that he wanted one last inspection for anything forgotten. By the time he returned, the others were already mounted and impatient.
The men wore trousers of the same sort of leather as their jackets, although the trousers sported metal strips sewn along their length, rather than chain mail. The odd-looking objects hanging by woven straps at their left shoulders were called war masks. They were metal hoods, with hinged jaw plates that swung forward to close across the mouth. The plates were perforated to permit speech, and left the eyes and nose unprotected. They hung low enough in front, however, to offer some protection to the throat.
The horses were prepared for fighting with leather and mail armor on heads and flanks. The men’s shields were strapped to their saddle pommels; their recurved bows and otterskin arrow quivers hung from the cantle at the back. The superbly trained animals shifted nervously, but quietly. The dogs also sensed the tension, and Raggar patrolled the area in his aggressive posture, head down low and forward. He was literally hunting trouble. Shara and Cho, less belligerent, padded along behind him.
Rising into the saddle, Col gestured them forward.
By the light of a quarter moon and uncountable stars, the small column headed north, away from a life become unlivable into a future already unimaginable.
They cleared the camp without incident, and as the first hint of color touched the horizon, they were well past Tiger Rocks. At that point Col had them dismount.
From a brushy defile Gan watched with the others as a Nightwatcher trudged toward camp with his dogs around him in a tight group. His chest ached at the sight. Until then, everything had been challenging. Now he felt lost, insignificant. His father, Clas, the women—they seemed as helpless and futile as himself. He couldn’t take his eyes from the Nightwatcher. Gan wondered if that one, too, inhaled the thick morning air until his lungs ached with the beauty and unbelievable freedom of the new day. Did he taste the sweetness of crushed grasses and sage? Did he imagine the hapless bushes to be enemy warriors, and did he sometimes draw his murdat and duel with them in the half light of going home? Did he dream of saving the Dog People, of leading them to glory?
Raggar whined softly and leaned against his master.
With the Nightwatcher safely past, they turned due west. Instead of mounting, the men trotted beside their mounts, their pace faster, if anything, than the previous rate of march. Sylah finally saw the importance of the strange loop attached to each saddle. The men grasped it, allowing them to use a fraction of the horse’s strength to augment their pace.
By unspoken agreement Gan became the point man. The dogs fanned out far ahead of him. Clas settled himself immediately in front of the women, who took responsibility for the packhorses. Col covered the rear.
They continued without incident for approximately an hour before the shouts echoed from behind them. Col was out of sight at the time, on the back slope of a hill, and Gan and Clas mounted quickly, galloping toward him. They were almost to the crest of the hill when he appeared, riding. He gave the arm signal that all was well, but then followed it with another indicating they should continue to move dismounted, but faster. When Gan attempted to ride to him to talk, Col sent a stern signal that meant obey. Col remained on his horse.
The sun was at its high point, and Gan had just reached a plateau with a copse of larger trees and a commanding view, when he heard Col whistle for a stop. Gan called in the dogs as the others made their way up to join him.
In the bustle of getting the horses hidden in the grove, no one noticed Col’s appearance as he approached. At Sylah’s small sound of alarm, they all looked, and were taken aback. The cragged face was ashen, and the sharp lines of its character were indistinct. The long scar seemed to have concentrated the remaining color in his flesh, and it smoldered across his features. When his horse stopped, he bent forward, then swayed upright to an exaggeratedly stiff pose. That was when Gan noticed the otterskin quiver was open.
By then the blood oozing down the back of his leg and staining the horse’s flank was obvious. He swung out of the saddle with the slow grace of one avoiding sudden movement. When Gan hurried forward to offer a hand, he took it without comment, shaking his head at their flood of questions as they tried to make him comfortable.
“It wasn’t your dogs’ fault, Gan,” were his first words, as Neela worked to remove his armor. “There were three. They came from behind, and to the south. From the camp, looking for us. They should have ridden back to tell Likat.” He frowned as Sylah came up, flicking water from her fresh-washed hands, preparing to examine the wound, then added, “Now they can’t tell him anything. East Clan men; Dog warriors. How can this have happened?”
Sylah was brisk. “It’s going to take time for me to get this out. That’s a lance point broken off in there.”
He smiled grimly. “I remember the incident. There’s no use going after it. We both know that.”
“I have to try. My credo—”
He interrupted. “Has no place in this situation. I’m dying. You can’t stop it. Don’t trouble yourself.”
“No.” Gan heard himself before he realized he’d spoken. “You can’t.”
Col shook his head. The silver hair that had always seemed so metallic, so helmetlike, was lifeless in limp disarray. He said, “This is the way,” and sent a knowing smile at a stone-faced Clas before continuing. “You’ll change, the way the animals adapt to the seasons. You’ll learn from those you meet. You’ll build, son.”
“And destroy.” It was Clas, and although he kept his eyes on Col, Gan knew the anger in them was for him.
His father sighed, then coughed violently. A startling red froth speckled his lips. He brushed it off on his sleeve, frowning at the stain as if it were a personal affront. He faced Clas. “Now he’ll hear. Take the women. And the dogs. Tell them to obey him, son.”
For a long moment Gan was unable to move or speak. To commit his dogs to another was a Nightwatcher’s last act.
He called the animals to him, speaking too softly for anyone else to hear, pointing at Clas. They immediately trotted to him, Raggar turning for a last look at his master before sitting beside the man. Shara stood behind the larger dog. He acted as if he’d been beaten, his eyes jerking between Clas’ face and Gan’s. Cho crowded against Raggar, lying down, clearly disturbed. The larger dog ignored her, totally concentrated on Gan. At Col’s gesture, the others walked off into the trees. The dogs obeyed Clas.
Sylah hurried to walk beside him. “What did he whisper to them?”
Clas looked miserable. “A secret word the Dog Chief gives the Nightwatcher. Every dog has a different one. When the dog hears it, it knows it’s to obey whoever the Nightwatcher indicates.”
“As simply as that? What if…?” Sylah let the question trail off, her eyes instinctively searching the distance for pursuit as she dismissed what she considered a minor issue in favor of something important. When she felt Clas’ silence, she turned back to it. His glare was like a blow.
He said, “Simple, you say? If the Nightwatcher doesn’t reclaim them soon enough, some dogs die. Some go mad and have to be killed.”
“Then why would Col make him send them off? I don’t understand.”
He looked troubled. “I’m not sure. Maybe just to be alone with his son. It’s the last time.”
“Oh. At least Col understands. Poor Raggar! Wish I could touch him, or reassure him somehow.”
Neela came to stand beside them as Clas laughed bitterly. He included the whole group with a sweep of his arm. “I wish you could reassure all of us.”
Raggar stopped trying to see through the intervening trees. The great head swiveled from Clas to the women, then back to where he’d left his master. He whined. It was a thin, worried sound that grew until it sang as a spine-chilling howl. When Sylah impulsively dropped to her knees beside him and threw her arm around his neck, he trembled violently and quieted. His eyes remained fixed on the distance.


Chapter 21
Col pressed against the tree at his back, forcing his torso erect. His legs stretched out flat on the ground. Gan, squatting in front of him, literally felt the will of the man, the refusal to concede that his life was draining away. He gestured for Gan to help him with his waterskin, took a drink, then said, “I was wrong.” It wasn’t apologetic or rueful. He went on, “Your mother foretold this. I’ve no time to tell you all of it. Get the whole story from Clas. Listen to me now. I want you to understand her, how strong she was, and how loving. There are things you must hear from me alone. She said you’d be responsible for my death, that we’d be disgraced together. I never thought—No matter. I reasoned no son would want to kill a father who held him at arm’s length. It’s the sort of thing that takes passion. Yours was taken up by fights with those who understood neither of us.”
Gan tried to interrupt, and the older man silenced him with a peremptory nod. “You’ll lead your people to a brighter time. Don’t worry about having been lonely, or being lonely in the future. A leader must know loneliness. It’s the one lesson I taught you I’d take back, if I could. And know this, too: Murmillanh said, ‘If you love him, he’ll live.’ When I’m gone, remember that. I loved you.”
Another fit of coughing seized him, harder than before. He reached out to clutch Gan’s arm, as if drawing strength from it. When the coughing stopped, he remained bent over, and Gan covered his hand with his own. For several long moments neither moved or spoke, until Gan said, “Is that truly what you and my mother would wish? She said I’m to be this leader? It’s what you both hoped for?”
Col nodded.
“No matter the cost?”
That brought the older man’s head up. He fixed a steely gaze on Gan, who returned it unflinchingly. All the years of cross-purposes and noncommunication finally confronted the abiding love that had always bound them, and little by little comprehension and understanding mellowed the aged, wounded face and the young, fierce one.
Col said, “At any cost that’s worthy.”
Gan made a Two-sign and rose. “Then I have my goal.”
The older man blinked. “No Three-sign, as prayer?”
“The Two-sign, to ask for protection from the One Who Is Two.” He found a weak smile. “One son to another.”
Col tried to return the smile, but lost it to another cough. When he recovered, his gaze swept past Gan, out to a view only he could see. Gan thought of the great white-headed eagles, the way their proud eyes claimed the land to its farthest end. Then Col spoke again. “No man has heard me say this. I ask you to forgive me.”
Gan’s first thought was to protest, to explain that he cared nothing for what had gone before. Then he realized Col would only know that to be true if his request was answered directly. He said, “I forgive. And I love you.”
“Thank you.” He was as hard and brusque as ever. Rubbing his eyes, he complained of a lack of sleep. Gan heard, but his attention was fixed on the brush at the foot of their knoll. Col looked up to see his son distracted and followed his gaze as best he could. Suddenly, like a conjurer’s trick, a wolfpack ten strong appeared, loping up toward them with the distinctive swagger of their kind.
Col nodded. “There’s why I had you send the dogs off with Clas,” he said. “I had a feeling they’d come now.”
Cautiously, as silent as rising water, the pack eased over the edge of the knoll onto the flat plateau. They stopped there, and then the dominant male stalked forward with long-legged grace. First he sniffed the air close to Gan, then clawed the ground in great furrows, sending clods flying. Then he advanced on Col, circling him slowly, inspecting, always with wary eye for Gan. When he’d completed the circuit, he sat down, facing Col. The shining black nose flared as he bent forward and sniffed at his bloody leg. He rose again to all fours and walked to stare up at Gan, who met his gaze for the briefest moment before turning his head to study the distance. The wolf, appreciative of the courtesy, relaxed some of his vigilance. Still, he backed away to rejoin the pack.
As silently as they’d come, they were gone.
Gan went to his father, sitting beside him once again. He said, “I think you always knew Clas was my only friend. He had many duties. When I was most alone, the wolves understood. They let me see into their lives, even when I couldn’t be one of them. We aren’t friends. We have a bond.”
Col said, “I don’t understand it, but I don’t question it.” Wryly, he added, “Your mother taught me that. Now, call the others back.”
The dogs raced to him at his first call, clearly overjoyed. Clas searched Gan’s face, then Col’s, before kneeling down to eye level with the older man. “As long as I live, I’ll be by his side, my friend. I swear.”
Col’s lips moved in what could have been a smile. “Even though Murmillanh’s prophecy has killed me?”
“Prophecies don’t throw lances, but I admit I was thinking the same thing. Murmillanh has nothing to do with my feeling for Gan. He’s my brother. I stand with him because I choose to. A life’s a small thing; any force strong enough can claim it any time. A man’s choice is his own.” He rose, standing beside Gan.
Neela interrupted with a sharp cry, pointing east. Horses spilled down a faraway hillside like dark grains of sand. The dust of their passage was a suggestive smear against an otherwise flawless landscape. Col struggled to his feet and hobbled to his horse to remove the quiver and bow. “I’ll meet them here,” he said, settling against a tree.
Gan said, “The three of us will make our stand. It’ll be a fight the people will sing about forever. Anyhow, even if we make it to Ola, you said yourself King Altanar wants alliance with the tribe for an attack on Harbundai. He’ll give us up to keep Bay’s support.”
Sylah stepped forward. “That’s why we must go to Harbundai.” Her head involuntarily jerked toward Neela, but she avoided looking at her. Gan realized Sylah was suffering more than she dared admit, yet she was driven to speak. This was confession, not argument. She continued, speaking to Col, “With her in Harbundai, Bay won’t dare attack. What other choice have you?”
Gan spoke first. “What makes you think we can get there?”
Sylah told of a patient, a Peddler, who spoke of secret trails, of little-known passes with names like Tell-No-Other, Midsummer, and Cloud Rest. Defiantly, she said, “I learned them because I meant to use the information. Only later did it become part of the plan to force the Dog People to reject war with Harbundai.”
“She meant to kidnap me as hostage,” Neela volunteered bitterly, and Clas’ jaw dropped open.
Sylah went on. “Church has her own reasons for wanting to keep Altanar’s hands off Harbundai. We’ll be helped there. Gan’s right about King Altanar; he’ll give Neela back to the Dog People and the rest of us will die.”
Gan said, “With the tribe after us, and Altanar so inhospitable, you tell me our other choice is to travel across the whole of Devil country while they hunt for us. A pretty thought.”
Col growled in his chest. “Your first test, that’s all. Go, while there’s time.”
Clas opened his own quiver. “There isn’t time. Gan’s right. This is as far as we go.”
Col lifted his chin, pulled back his shoulders. For the moment he was as sturdy and commanding as ever, the cragged, scarred features implacable. “I am to be obeyed. You are Dog warriors. I am your War Chief. Leave me. Now. I do what I must. So shall you.”
In Gan’s mind loss fought with love, pain with pride. He looked into his father’s eyes, willing him to understand what he could never speak.
Col smiled and nodded.
Gan led the way and never looked back.
* * *
The skirmish where Col waited was a brutally brief scar on the deep quiet of the country. A man shouted pained surprise. Dozens of angry, confused voices responded. The volume swelled to a crescendo of indistinguishable noises, and then, suddenly, sickeningly, there was a triumphant South Clan war cry.
Gan flinched as if whipped.
He pressed straight on.
Slowed by the packhorses, they were losing ground steadily to their pursuers and straining for the scant protection of a range of rough foothills when they heard the wolves. A daylight howl was very unusual, and howling so close to galloping warriors was unheard of. Even at their distance Gan could see nervousness disturb the riders, and several horses broke stride to buck and rear. Suddenly, at the rear of the group, one horse, limping badly, simply ran away with its rider, rejecting the bit and all semblance of training. Clas muttered, “A straggler. I suspect Col put an arrow in it.” Gan agreed and watched as individual wolves dashed out of cover to further frighten the horse, only to duck out of sight before the warrior could aim properly. His arrows whizzed harmlessly into the brush.
Several of his companions fell back to help him.
Other wolves singled out a different horse, a tired one, and started their game again. This time an even larger number of riders rode at them in pursuit. Arrows liberally sprinkled the scrub, but no wolf yelped.
Gan noted with deep satisfaction that the pursuit was stopping. A few riders were already easing back the way they’d come.
Gan stood in his saddle, murdat in hand. Warriors pointed at him. Scattered jeers drifted up from some, but the mass had a shaken look. They made no move to resume the chase. As Gan waved the murdat in a circle over his head, many surreptitiously executed quick Three-signs. He shouted at them, his voice echoing wildly from the cliffs. “Never forget me. I will remember you.”
He dropped into the saddle, and without another word, continued the march west.
After a while he called Clas to his side and asked him to tell him of his mother. He listened so stoically that several times Clas stopped, watching him, and on every occasion Gan quietly asked him to continue. He made no comment, gave no sign of any emotion. When Clas told him there was no more to be said, Gan nodded.
Clas was in a foul mood when he dropped back.
Sylah and Neela attempted to console him, and he responded angrily. “She was a wonderful woman, one of a kind. When I told him the whole story of the prophecy, he just nodded. I told him how she died, and he never even blinked. She said he’d be two men in one. Well, I’ve seen both. The first is confused and the second one’s as empty as a rotten nut.”
Neela said, “Hurt doesn’t always show, Clas. The worst almost always stays hidden.”
When Sylah said softly, “Clas understands,” he looked at her sharply, and for the briefest instant she saw embarrassment in him, but then he shook his head and let the anger reclaim him.
Several miles along, the women rode with him when he approached Gan again. His question was aggressive. “If we’re going to Harbundai,” he said, “why are we pushing so far west into Devil territory? We should be headed north already.”
In answer, Gan pointed at the sky. “When that storm breaks, we’ll turn. The rain will hide our tracks.”
“No one’s after us. Your wolves scared them off.”
“For now. Likat and Kolee will tell them it’s proof I’m evil and have to be destroyed. She’ll say some special prayers for them and they’ll be back out tomorrow. Better they look for us where we’re not going.” His smile made Sylah’s skin tighten.
Clas fell back, sullen, and Sylah went with him. For a moment she thought Neela would attempt to join them, but she seemed to think better of it, electing to ride by herself for a while. Sylah said, “I mourn Col, too, Clas. But remember, he started his son on a path he believes in. He was a warrior, and he ended as one.”
“Fighting his own people. In shame. Because of him.” He spat in Gan’s direction. “You saw how he left? Never looked back once.”
“You promised to be beside him. You must have had your own reason.”
The twisted features softened. “I don’t want to. But so much has happened—” He shook his head in resigned bewilderment. “I told you before. I see something in him. He’s like my younger brother. But sometimes he frightens me.”
She burlesqued surprise, trying to inject a bit of lightness into his mood, and he gave her a small, tight smile in return. He said, “I’m not as fearless as you think. Or as I’d like you to believe.” Serious again, he went on, “The more I told him of his mother’s prophecy, the longer I talked about Col’s belief in him, the more he seemed to—” He struggled for the right word, slammed his fist against the pommel horn. “He looked like he was falling in love. It was like he’d been looking for something and found it, and it was more than he hoped, you understand? He fell in love with all of it, good and bad.”
“You don’t mean his father’s death, as well? You can’t say a thing like that, Clas.”
“I can.” He shook his head again, and she thought of the wildcow bulls, driven by forces they couldn’t control; they, too, gored each other in a ritual they were powerless to question. “I know Gan hated to see Col die, but he accepted it as part of his fate. I want to believe he grieves, but I can’t understand his way.”
There was nothing she could say. She patted his arm and drifted to Neela’s side. Sylah’s heart sank as she looked at her, saw the blank, dazed look. It took no words to tell her Neela was just beginning to feel the full impact of what had happened to her. She would need care. Sylah looked to Clas. He, too, suffered, but he was the stronger. He’d have to get by with less help.
A tinge of resentment lasted only a moment. There was nothing she could do for either of them yet, anyhow. Gan had promised they wouldn’t stop to rest until the dawn of the next day.
She glanced back over her shoulder for perhaps the thousandth time. There were no warriors to be seen, and the wolves had gone quiet long ago.
She looked ahead at Gan’s back, so youthfully straight, so graceful in the saddle. How unlike we are, she thought, and a sudden perception came to her with a shock. She actually jerked at the force of it, and Neela stirred from her lethargy. The girl reached to steady Sylah, who thanked her shortly, eager to examine the new concept.
He takes what the world gives and uses it, she thought. Show him ten doors, and he’ll pick one without hesitation, and kick it open if it resists. Clas was right; he’s in love. He wants to marry fate and sleep with glory. Those smiling whores.
And how do I differ? I must always fight to be in control. The Door’s no husband to me, doesn’t warm my heart. The need to find it pours through me like a mountain stream, clear and cold.
We’re different. We’re the same.
Can either of us learn not to be alone?
Her gaze moved to Neela.
She’s the weapon I use to control them. A weapon for my own destruction?
Why do I feel that we’ll all know glory? And despise it?


Chapter 22
Conway got to his feet, ignoring the distant voices from the depths of the cave. He wished he’d brought a coat to stand guard; once the sun got behind the crest of the mountain the temperature dropped fast. Still, it was better to be where the air was fresh.
It occurred to him he’d never smelled air so pure. It had the tang of earth and vegetation and throbbed with vitality.
He wondered if it was a reaction to the atmosphere in the cave. He was sure it had changed, yet he was equally sure he hadn’t noticed a difference until after Harris’ funeral. Remembering depressed him. It was hard enough to lose one of their number, especially in such a terrible manner, but the argument over final disposition of the body was ugly. Falconer insisted on using the disposal chute, resisting any effort to inter the man. He cited security, the likelihood of animals digging it up and Harris’s right to be with the others who’d died there. Harsh disagreement almost came to fighting, and although he’d stayed out of it, Conway had the uncomfortable feeling Falconer would have accepted force as merely another way to win his argument. Regardless of those suspicions, there were undeniable wounds that would be a long time healing.
Something moved uphill from his position. He advanced. Stopped. Unarmed, he was no match for wild animals. Or whatever sort of human life might exist in a world reverted to primeval. He took another step forward, craning to look up the slope. A jay screeched at him, a sapphire-blue bird with a black crest. It repeated its cry, opening its mouth so far he could see into the dark throat.
His hand shook as he retreated.
There was probably no point in guarding the doorway, he thought, particularly since Falconer’s optimistic report of plenty of weapons proved fatally flawed when it was discovered the ammunition was still buried. In spite of that, he felt the watch was a good idea. It was best to take no chances. A warning of impending danger might do little good, but it eliminated surprise.
He smiled to himself. It’d almost be worth an attack to know someone existed.
Once they’d assured themselves they were in the same cave they’d been sent to for cryogenic suspension, there was no escaping the fact that they’d outlived the world. Further observation of the valley showed heavy forestation where the small community had been, and absolutely no sign of habitation.
The Pastor had prayed for smoke, for the shine of something metallic.
Bernhardt examined the trees and plant life. When she was done she verified Falconer’s off-the-cuff estimate. The trees were at least five centuries old. More than that, however, the forest was different. She found plants of species and sizes that surprised her and concluded there were climatological changes in the area, as well. For some reason, the eastern slope of the Cascades was getting more moisture. She offered no surmise.
No one really cared. If there was no one to farm, what difference did it make if there was more or less rain?
The woman named Tate made the most impressive discovery, great gouges clawed out of a tree. Fresh, just starting to ooze yellow, sticky sap, they had Leclerc scratching his head comically. He claimed wild animals marked territory that way, and took some good-natured ribbing. Everyone knew the few animals allowed to roam free were continuously monitored as mutual protection for them and the people licensed to hike. Bernhardt alone sided with him. She pointed out that centuries must have effected change in the animal population of the forests. Her credentials as an agronomist lent credence to her theory until she sent everyone into gales of laughter by suggesting it would take something as large as a tiger to reach so high.
Still, the episode had its effect. Everyone retreated to the mouth of the cave. That was when Falconer suggested they get serious about unearthing their ammunition and conduct a complete search for anything usable in their warehouse. The response had been immediate; work was underway.
Conway was sure Falconer already had a plan and equally sure it had to do with exploration. It would be the man’s first response. Conway admitted he felt the same. He couldn’t accept that they were all that was left. His mind could acknowledge the thought, but not the possibility. When he tried to pin it down, to consider how they should conduct themselves if they were the surviving remnants of humanity, coherent thought slid away from him like wet soap.
The two women who’d paired up so quickly as friends, Anspach and Carter, stepped outside, squinting in the light even though it was already fading. The evening clouds were tinted bright salmon, and the low ground at the base of the hill had a soft, delicate wash of warm color over the hard green of the coniferous forest. Carter held a shielding hand above her eyes. Conway suppressed a smile. She wouldn’t take it kindly to be considered amusing, but her dark color added to the notion she was practicing to be an Indian. Her eyes adjusted to the light, and she looked away from the view to Conway and back. She offered no conversation and her stiff back implied she wanted none.
Anspach smiled apology for her, and the two of them walked a few paces toward the trees. The soft duff of the forest floor absorbed their footsteps.
Brush crushed and snapped up the hill. Something roared, a gut-twisting ferocity, followed by a bleat of utter helplessness. The women made shrill, frightened noises, too startled to scream. They ran, wild-eyed, for the cave entrance, nearly bowling over Conway, who had to dodge them to get into position to look for the source of the disturbance. In the distance, where a rock outcrop allowed brush to dominate instead of the towering firs, Conway saw greenery thrashing and shaking, but nothing else. Too fascinated to obey the clamor in his mind that urged retreat, he braced himself against a tree and waited.
Suddenly there was stillness, more frightening than the noise. It carried a finality that sent the hair straight up on the back of his neck. For long seconds the forest was silent, drawing the lowering dusk about itself, anxious for the lengthening shadows to hide what had happened. Then there was a rustle, the sound of something massive shifting its weight. A low growl rolled down the hill, a warning and a triumph.
The thing that killed told all that heard to stand away.
Conway vaguely heard the yelping shouts from inside the cave. He bent forward, peering, and came to the terrifying realization that he was looking directly into a snarling, striped face without having been aware of it.
There were no tigers in America.
It leaned toward him, growling again.
He took his hand from the tree, slid a foot tentatively toward the safety of the cave. The tiger drew itself together to spring.
Conway fled, screaming. The others, arriving at the door, were knocked out of the way like straws in the wind. Falconer, gun in hand, covered the babbling, confused group that streamed along behind Conway. They all stopped at the broken vault door, where Falconer took up a firing position beside Conway and shouted for everyone to be quiet.
Conway, still shaking, sat with his back against the metal. He described what he saw, then, “It was the shock. I don’t think I’d have run away from a bear or a cougar that way.”
Falconer glanced at him and Conway bridled. “It was a tiger. I don’t care what you think.”
The Colonel rose, gestured with the weapon. “We’ll wait for it to leave. At least we’ve got the ammunition out. Right now let’s get you calmed down and then I’ve got some things everyone has to see.” He called to Leclerc and the Pastor, telling them to gather up anything that would burn and start a fire at the mouth of the cave.
The rest moved back to the small living area adjacent to the control room. Conway gratefully accepted some medicinal brandy from Yoshimura, and when Tate joked she got no whiskey when she discovered the cat’s claw marks, the laughter was relaxed and genuine. Conway offered her a sip from the small bottle, which she refused with a comedic snub.
While they reviewed the excitement, Conway noticed Falconer stepping into the warehouse. He came out carrying a briefcase and the VDP. He plugged it in before asking for everyone’s attention.
“This briefcase is full of vidisks. I found it just when Conway decided to go into his ‘mighty hunter’ act. I expect the people who decided to leave us here provided some record of what was going on when they sealed the door. I wouldn’t want my friends to wake up a few centuries down the road and not know the reason they’d been shut away. I think—I hope—the disks in here will tell us.”
Karoli said, “There doesn’t seem to be much to tell, Colonel. They killed off the race. You want to look at pictures of it?”
Falconer set up the small screen so everyone could see it and opened the briefcase. “I’ll start with the last date. Might as well get the worst news first.”
The screen jiggled. The familiar muddle of dots and flashes had a quieting effect on the group, Conway noted; his own hands were steady already. He looked at his watch. Fifteen minutes ago he’d stared into the eyes of a kill-excited tiger and run in stark panic. Now he was relaxing, preparing for tiny electronic pictures of a world dead half a millennium, not because he was conditioned to running away from tigers, but because he was too conditioned to running to tiny electronic pictures.
The screen showed him a city too burned to do more than smolder. A cold, clinical voice told him it was New Orleans. The picture faded. The earth appeared, a view he recognized as an infrared picture from a satellite. It was splattered with irregular sores. He didn’t need the voice to tell him they were fires. Blight trailed from each of them, smoke that blanked out the sun. Where the industrial might of civilization had reared so proudly, there was flame. Around the flame was winter. The voice discussed temperatures, crop failures, unpredictable rains, snows, and droughts.
Movement distracted him, and Conway looked up to see the Pastor and Nancy Yoshimura leading a crying Madge Mazzoli away.
Tate said, “Come on, Colonel, there has to be something else we can watch.”
He nodded, flicking off the power. On the second disk the same narrator described the breakdown of society. Conway marveled at the man, pictured him sitting in a studio while the entire world collapsed outside his window. Conway watched images of looters, vigilantes, refugees, and confused, hapless troops arrayed against all of them. The image shifted to churches, packed to overflowing, and meetings being held in fields.
Conway duly noted the ragged jackets and coats on open-air worshipers. The speaker identified the locale as San Francisco in July. Conway also saw how dank the ground looked. Bernhardt caught his eye. “I think that’s how a meadow would look if it got lots of rain and very little sunshine,” she said. “Most of the plants are surviving. Nothing’s really healthy.” She shuddered, and when she looked back to the screen her features were controlled, as flat and blank as stones.
The voice told of schismatic sects and cults mushrooming everywhere. The camera panned a zoo, then a wild animal farm. Gates and doors hung ajar, glass cage fronts lay in shards. The work of Williamsites, the voice reported, a charismatic cult that contended God was punishing man for abusing the world, and man could only petition for forgiveness by returning to a natural state and freeing all imprisoned creatures.
Leclerc clapped a hand to his forehead. Bernhardt stopped the picture and they all waited expectantly. He said, “I know him. I specialized in protein structure. Williams was a fine scientist, but he became an administrator with the central genetic bank in Maryland. Years ago he got himself declared as a church or something, and then he hustled enough funds and believers to set up genetic banks in about every climatological zone that exists. I always thought he was a whacko, you know—preaching Armageddon and all that. Wow. Anyhow, there were rumors that some of his labs were re-creating extinct species, cloning, doing genetic engineering, and so forth.” He nodded at Conway. “I bet you did see a tiger, probably the descendant of one of his lab projects. I’ll bet there’s a lot of surprises like that out there.”
Everyone shifted uncomfortably, glancing toward the door, giving knowing nods to each other.
The machine had finally given them something they could identify with, something that touched their present. Conway had trouble holding back laughter. He knew he must, because he could taste the acid of hysteria in it, a delayed reaction to his experience outside and the unintentional comedy of the video presentation inside. Of all the things that identified them as survivors of the world that had murdered itself, the only thing to touch them in this new place was a misplaced, aberrant wild animal doing the only thing nature meant it to do. And it had threatened to attack him because he had less right on the mountain than it did.
Bernhardt started the disk again and the voice added that Williamsism had acquired new adherents all over the world, since one of their saints was an electronics technician who pirated time on one of the few satellites still working.
That was the last hint of humor in an unrelieved litany of increasing savagery. For an hour the disk detailed the efforts of mankind to destroy itself. In the middle of a detailed discussion of genetically altered diseases beginning to sweep away entire populations in days, shouts erupted in the background. The image wobbled to darkness and the previously imperturbable voice cracked on the single word, Gas!
When the picture came back a new voice, scratchy and untrained, reported that the United States was withdrawing its forces from all foreign soil as part of a multinational agreement with the Russians, Chinese, and Brazilians to do the same.
Falconer switched off the machine. His face was pale as he left the room.
Conway sat, staring at the screen, not caring that the others were leaving. He didn’t know how long he’d been there before he noticed Leclerc standing beside him, watching him. He looked up, waiting. The small man said, “A penny for your thoughts. The way you’re concentrating, it ought to be worth at least that.”
Nodding at the blank VDP, Conway said, “I was just thinking how much I hate having to look at more of these disks.”
Leclerc agreed grimly. Several minutes passed before Conway reached to turn the VDP on again.
For hours they watched news reports, political speeches, morale films. Mealtime came and went. Other members of the group joined them, moved on, and returned.
Tate crawled out of her sleeping bag and strolled over. “Anything worthwhile? I gave up a couple of hours ago. You guys have too much stamina for me.”
“Gluttons for punishment,” Conway said, standing. “I can’t believe they didn’t leave us books, maps, tables of information, or something useful. This,” he spun the disk into the briefcase, “is repetitious crap.”
She nodded. “That’s all I saw. One thing, though; you remember one of the items from the last days was about air-dropped handheld radio direction finders? They said they were for people stranded in rural areas so they could find their way to central locations, right? Don’t you think if things were that bad, people would’ve already banded together?”
“I guess so, yeah.”
“You know they would. I figure the direction finders were a last ditch shot, that they’d lost touch with everyone, that the whole works just came apart. I think the people who set up this program died before they could get back to us. Or they knew the nuke hit our hidey-hole and just scratched us off the roster.” She laughed, an edged sound. Conway couldn’t resist a nervous glance her way, and her expression softened. She patted his arm. “Don’t worry, I’m not losing it. I was seeing the irony of the sequence. Someone nuked us because we were a healthy, organized cadre, invaluable for reconstruction. Instead of frying us, they assured we’d live, but they messed up the timetable. Then a natural disaster gets everyone except our dozen. And finally, here we are, full of knowledge, outliving all the gas, germs, probably even the radioactivity. So what? There’s nothing to reconstruct.”
Pastor Jones had joined them. He said, “Then we’ll construct. Surely you’re not conceding, you of all people?”
She smiled. “Put money on it, Pastor. I’m a Marine. I can be beat, but I can’t be stopped. I’m scared, but I’ll handle it.”
Jones said, “We all will. We must. A new earth awaits us.”
After he’d gone, Conway and Tate listened politely while Leclerc explained that Jones had been entered in the program because of his skill as a social psychologist. He was, Leclerc explained, a specialist in negotiations. When he paused, Conway interrupted. “That’s interesting, Louis, but you know that’s not what any of us is thinking about. Isn’t anyone going to say it?”
Leclerc grinned. “I know what I’m thinking. I don’t know about you.”
Conway swung his arm, a gesture that took in the VDP, the broken crèches, and the tiny group of survivors. “This is what we did to the old earth. If I was part of the new one, I’d get rid of us any way I could.”
The others nodded and laughed with him.


Chapter 23
The murmuring conversation of the others brought Conway out of deep sleep slowly, hoisted him toward consciousness with time for soft dreams of other wakings. He remembered the mornings of Antigua, as complex and gentle as lace, tingling with the smell of salt and the touch of heat already spiraling up from the sand. And the bed and breakfast place in Nova Scotia, where the sound of the cows leaving the barn woke one.
Or two.
The good wakings always involved Leona.
He came fully awake, staring at the rough rock overhead, scarred where pieces had shaken free in the earthquake.
Leona was dead these five years plus five hundred. Or whatever time it was.
He hadn’t thought about her since waking up here.
Leona’s accident was part of the start of things, now that he considered it in perspective. At the time, she was just another number chalked up to some particularly vicious and efficient terrorists. No one considered how the steady increase in the number of murders and bombings and destructions imperceptibly gnawed away the restraints of other men. When the tempers broke, and those who had suffered the losses struck back, the world accepted massive retaliation and holocaust and genocide as localized phenomena.
And for many years that was the way of it.
Leona, and the hundreds like her, were easily relegated to old, minor news when the slaughter escalated to what the politicians and press learned to refer to as “recent significant figures.” The aggrieved remembered. Brooded. And their numbers grew.
A world conditioned itself to commit the unimaginable. Everyone saw the fuse sputtering. Everyone refused to believe the bomb would go off.
Leona’s accident. He still used those words.
Leona’s murder.
As if it made any difference now.
“Conway?" It was Falconer. He was immaculate, creased, shined, ready for inspection.
Conway found an answering smile. “Ah, room service, good fellow. I’ll have orange juice—freshly squeezed, of course—dark toast, scrambled eggs. Fluffy, mind you; the chef knows I won’t tolerate runny eggs. And coffee now, please.”
Falconer extended a steaming cup. “See? Our every moment is dedicated to your comfort and pleasure. Did I wake you?”
Conway shook his head and reached for the coffee. Strange, he thought, how they used the single word, wake, for becoming conscious in the morning and for their thawed return from the dead.
“You ready to think yet?” Falconer asked.
“I wouldn’t want to do calculus. What’s on your mind?”
“Survival.” The thin mouth continued to smile. The eyes were serious. They rolled meaningfully at the ceiling.
Conway nodded. “You may be right. It could come down on us."
"I’ve tried to analyze the situation from every point of view, including the defensive quality of this place. There’s enough room between where the vault door dropped and the actual entrance for a living space. Of course, we’d have to wall off everything.” He gestured without looking back at the wrecked pods. “I think the plain truth is we’ve got to get out of here, and fast. I’m pretty tough, but even I’m not up for living with that.”
“We should be trying to find other people, too.”
Quick surprise touched Falconer’s face. “What makes you think there are any?”
“Pessimism.”
Falconer laughed hard. “Too mean to die, right? Could be. Tell you what, though. If they’re out there, they’re going to be some tough dudes. And probably hostile.”
Pastor Jones was passing by and overheard. He gestured with his plastic coffee cup, until he managed to swallow a mouthful of hard cracker. “I’m sorry, Colonel, but I have to remonstrate. If we look for other men in fear, we must surely create the very hostility you mention.”
“I don’t mean to antagonize anyone, but I do certainly intend to be wary.” The other members of the group drew close, listening, and Falconer’s frown darkened. “You saw where we are. It’s untamed.”
Sue Anspach disagreed. “The survivors would band together, share skills, teach the young civilized behavior. It wouldn’t be a world of continuing war.”
Her friend Carter agreed. “Anyone who survived what we saw would be finished with war and fighting forever. We’ll probably find a small, contemplative agricultural society.”
“I hope so. It’ll be the first time I’ve ever fit right in,” Bernhardt said, laughing. She looked embarrassed when the others ignored her slight humor. Karoli took her hand, and she smiled shy thanks.
Falconer said, “I hope you’re right, too. But let me tell you something about the world of those survivors. Way back in the early 1940s, the Brits detonated some test bombs on an island off their coast. They wanted to see if they could use that technique to disperse anthrax bacilli, see if it’d survive to infect anything. Anthrax kills men as well as sheep, remember. It worked, all right. Over forty years later the soil was still crawling with a thriving culture. The whole island was a deathtrap.”
Conway watched their faces as the implications struck them. In his own mind, he pictured a tattered, hungry band of survivors learning to glean a living from a reluctant earth, only to stumble across an area contaminated by demons lurking in the seemingly innocent soil.
Falconer went on. “I suspect I was given a bleaker picture of what to expect than the rest of you. Remember, my job was to be civil control. My men and I were prepared to come out of the crèches and face a worst-case scenario.” A sardonic smile briefly cracked his composure, but then he was back to his brisk, contained self. “Anyhow, there’s more to it than people dying. To people whose society has crashed down on their heads, the cities would be a magnet, at first. Supplies, possibility of companionship, shelter—”
Leclerc interrupted. “Radioactivity, toxic chemical concentrations, unstable construction, predatory gangs—”
“And an ongoing breeding ground for more disease,” Conway added. “Anyplace that was a potential source of civic reconstruction would more and more become associated with death—Worse, with death by disease and radioactivity, two things the survivors wouldn’t have any way of detecting. To them it’d be a cosmic judgment.”
“Nevertheless, we have to assume they may not be hostile.” The depressed expressions around him obviously made Falconer feel the picture was too dark. He seemed to be trying to soften the blow. “I said they’d be tough. I meant we’d have to be very careful in our dealings with them. I expect they’ll be primitive.”
Tate said, “Stands to reason, Colonel. If you’re right, if they were thrown back to simple survival, they’ll be in the middle of some very interesting social patterns. Some of what went before will have to be part of their present behavior. I mean, if a carpenter survived for any length of time, he’d be sure to teach some kids something about carpentry. And so on.”
Joining in, thinking aloud, Conway added, “It’d be like trying to construct a body from just a couple of bones. Different groups would strike out in different directions, each one influenced by whatever prejudices and skills the strongest survivor could bring to bear.” He smiled at Carter. “We may even find your thoughtful farmers.”
She smiled thinly. “Your analogy about bones is particularly unfortunate. Did you know that one of our leading museums had the wrong skull on a dinosaur skeleton for decades before anyone caught the error?” She turned the smile on Falconer. “Think of this—a skeleton representing hardworking civilians and a bone-solid skull representing military control.”
Falconer appeared genuinely amused. “I’ll put in a good word for you, Janet.” To Conway he said, “There’s a lot of salvageable stuff in the warehouse. Tate and Leclerc are helping me inventory. Will you? After you eat?”
Conway agreed. As the three left, he saw the covert revulsion aimed at him by some of the other faces. Everyone still suffered for Harris’ madness in one way or another. Some already resisted entering the warehouse with every excuse they could think up.
There was another interesting facet to the way the group reacted, exemplified by the way they separated to go about their business of the morning. Relationships among them were solidifying. Nancy Yoshimura and Madge Mazzoli found what they needed in each other. Mazzoli needed care, Yoshimura needed someone to care for.
Kate Bernhardt and Ivan Karoli were like kids, thrown into an adventure so big they tended to trivialize it. Conway decided there was a solid core to them, however. He knew he’d depend on them, if real trouble came.
Sue Anspach and Janet Carter were intellectual twins, even when they disagreed. They bridled at any suggestion that they might make emotional decisions, yet their every word was filtered through personalized ethics, an awareness of the assumed feelings of others. They’d resist any authority as instinctively as they’d pull back from fire, but their intelligence was beyond question. And necessary.
Falconer, Leclerc, and Tate seemed to be shaping up as a team, one that worked together while recognizing Falconer as the most equal of equals. Their group decisions would be hard to resist.
That left Pastor Jones and Matt Conway as the odd men out. Objectively, Conway decided, it gave him more influence than he wanted, largely because Jones resisted any side in an issue. He could be depended on to point out the moral high ground, which was necessary, but it was quite possible the outside world wouldn’t care about ethics. Conway remembered the tiger. It killed and ate. If there were men out there with similar directness, there would be little room for Jones’ negotiating skills. The real test of the man would arise if the group needed his strength in a survival situation against other humans. There was already an observable tendency by some to pay less attention to his comments than to those of others. That was a mistake. He was diffident, but he was the most sensitive of all of them. It could prove more valuable than either learning or intellect.
That was conjecture. There were realities, as well. Discussion within the group had already tended to pit the military-oriented three against the more scholastic dogma of Carter and Anspach.
If he agreed with the women on an issue, his vote would cancel the trio’s unity. If he sided with Falconer—he smiled to himself, realizing he’d just joined Tate and Leclerc in recognizing Falconer’s leadership—his vote was almost too much for the women to surmount, assuming the rest of the group split its vote.
Mixing powder and water in his cup, he prepared his artificial orange juice. Not bad, he told himself, and was shocked to think there probably weren’t any oranges within a thousand miles, and certainly no vitamin-enriched, mineral-added, nutritionally balanced crystalline substitutes.
For the second time that morning he found himself studying his companions. This time he closed out thoughts of political maneuvers. He wondered if they had any reasonable hope of survival. The men’s physical condition could be described as functional, at best. Thinking back to his stint of guard duty, he remembered being afraid he’d see another man—until he saw the tiger. It disturbed him to realize he’d have wanted to run away in the exact same manner if a man had appeared who looked hostile.
He knew he wasn’t a coward. He also knew he wasn’t equipped, either by nature or training, to exist in a world where his right to live was a function of his ability to protect himself.
And if the unthinkable had come to pass? If they were the last humans, could the men fulfill the ancient function of protector of the hearth? He remembered reading about some mutineers—the Bounty, that was the ship—who ended up killing each other off. Would this group fall into the trap of jealousy and murder?
Depressed, he argued with himself that fighting the elements alone would be enough to keep them too busy to brawl among themselves. In that respect, the women were, if anything, slightly better equipped to withstand climatic hardship, for the simple reason that biology made it so.
There were sure to be other dangers. The vidisk spoke of created diseases that nature never dreamed of. That meant no natural immunity. And what of the possibility of mutant creatures?
In short, for all their advanced knowledge and skills, they were no better suited for the environment outside than the earliest survivors of the war.
Tate interrupted his contemplation. “Finished eating, Matt?”
He didn’t want to admit he’d spent the time staring into space, or the reasons his appetite had disappeared. He rose quickly, and she filled him in on their discoveries to that point, adding that weapons instruction was being scheduled. He offered to help, based on his Army Reserve training.
It amused him to see the effect of the information on her. She was probably unaware of it, he thought. Some of her condescension simply evaporated, and a flicker of something that could have been respect passed across her features. They talked more, pleased to discover a mutual interest in history, especially the American Revolution. Such esoterica in their present environment triggered hilarity. They enjoyed the most intimate, relaxed laughter Conway could remember in the group. There was a moment of asperity in her tone when her rank was mentioned, and he was silently amused to learn it was a sensitive issue. The promotion of Major came with the job she was expected to perform postcrèche; actually, her age was proper for a junior Captain. She was quite specific about it, without mentioning any particular numbers. Then they shifted back to the problems at hand. He was embarrassed to see how much more confident she was of her ability to deal with whatever they found. She expected a hostile place.
He’d never thought of himself as a potential soldier, certainly not as an infantryman. But it had come to that. Worse, he’d be expected to sneak around through the forest pretending to be some sort of Ranger. It was ludicrous. For the present, however, it cost nothing to be polite and listen.
She told him there was a large supply of vacuum-packed vitamin and mineral supplement pills, as well as basic equipment for the troops Falconer had expected to employ as a palace guard at the underground headquarters in the Appalachians. Fortunately, she went on, Bernhardt said they were early in the spring season. Heavy winter clothing wasn’t included in the stores, and Bernhardt indicated the plants showed signs of heavy snowfall in winter. A hint of a frown touched her brow as she summarized; the plan that sent them into the cryogenic state never anticipated that they might be abandoned entirely. No one had been willing—or able—to accept the utter destruction of the civilization they were meant to help put back on its feet. There was no survival equipment, as such. What they had gave them a running start into whatever world existed outside. The rest of the race was exclusively up to them.
There was grumbling when Falconer announced his determination to investigate the area around them, and something like panic when he made them face up to the fact that they couldn’t depend on the cave forever.
It was like watching children consider birth, Conway thought. The womb lacked many things, but it was a place of perfect psychological and physical safety. After all, their bodies were unharmed, despite the earthquake. That had become proof, an article of faith. The cave was home. To listen to the almost obsessively blunt soldier describe it as dangerous forced consideration of abandoning the known for the unknown.
It occurred to Conway that Falconer himself probably feared the outside. His appreciation for the man’s integrity moved up a few notches.
When Falconer asked for volunteers for the first exploratory trip, there was a chatter of alarm.
To Conway’s surprise, Pastor Jones was first to raise his hand. He attached conditions immediately. “I carry no arms. In addition, I insist that you promise I shall be allowed to approach any humans we meet, that you won’t initiate hostilities.”
Falconer rubbed the back of his neck, eyes fixed on the Pastor, who matched the cool appraisal with his own serenity. Falconer said, “I can’t do that, Pastor,” and someone made a derisive sound. Falconer’s eyes never moved. He went on easily. “If something happens and I don’t save you, someone’s sure to say I didn’t act soon enough. Or acted too soon.” He paused, shifted his gaze to Janet Carter’s wiry intensity, then away.
Conway had to admire the cleverness of the move. The glance was too quick, too casual, to be seized on, yet it was distinct enough to leave no doubt in anyone’s mind that Carter was the target of Falconer’s demur. When he continued, he was looking at Jones again. He said, “The only way I take you is if we have a watchdog. If we meet other humans, you’ll be allowed to make the first contact. I won’t do anything to interfere, even to save your life, until the watchdog directs it. Fair enough?”
“Completely.”
“Never!” Carter jerked with outrage. “You’re trying to shift the responsibility for his life onto someone else. You can’t do that.”
“Then I’ll decide when to shoot and who to shoot.”
For a long moment they faced each other, emotion practically crackling between them. At last she said, “I don’t trust you. I’ll speak for the Pastor.” She turned to him. “I’ll try to be as brave as you. I can’t let someone kill you, though.”
He smiled. “I certainly hope not. Don’t worry. It’s going to be fine.”
Conway volunteered. Soldiering had seemed ridiculous during his conversation with Tate. That was then. This was now, a time to act. It wasn’t funny, either.
When Tate stepped forward, Falconer refused her, detailing her to guard the cave entrance in their absence. Karoli joined them in her stead. Falconer and Leclerc were already equipped with weapons, and it was a matter of seconds to hand Conway and Karoli theirs. Everyone but Falconer carried a pistol and four spherical grenades as well as a blunt, ugly thing that looked like a rifle welded to the top of a shotgun. Outside, Falconer held the weapon up to display it.
“Just so we’re all together, I’m going to review your primary weapon for you, show you how to load and fire. We’ll be starting intensive classes when we get back. Officially, this is the ‘Weapon, Infantry Personnel, All-Purpose.’ The Army tried to get the troops to pronounce the obvious acronym as ‘whip.’ They preferred ‘wipe,’ and that’s what it is. Was. Is. The entire weapon’s called a wipe, but when we speak of ‘wiping,’ we’re speaking of firing the smaller barrel. It uses a twenty-five caliber plastic round. The plastic strips off within five feet, exposing a steel flechette. That’s what does the damage.” He cut open a bullet with his pocketknife. “You’ll notice the round is self-contained; no brass cartridge. Now, see, the flechette’s this thing that looks like a little arrow. The effective aiming range is a hundred yards. If you shoot at anything farther than that and hit it, put it down to luck. However, whatever you hit, out to 250 yards, it’ll stay hit, believe me. See, the flechette tumbles when it changes its environment. That is, going from air through cloth, or hide, or skin, it goes unstable. I’m not going to get into weights and muzzle velocities and so forth, because we don’t need it. Just understand this—if Conway had shot that tiger in the foot with one of these, it probably would have shattered the animal’s whole foreleg.”
He thumbed a catch on the weapon and it swiveled open, revealing the breech of the shotgunlike lower tube. Falconer had Leclerc pass around ammunition that looked like oversized bullets. “The thirty-millimeter tube is called the ‘boop.’ Has to do with the sound. We’re carrying A.P., or antipersonnel, rounds—the ones with the green stripe—as well as W.P., the red-striped incendiaries. Max range is three hundred yards. The incendiary is loaded with white phosphorus, and when it goes off it sprays the stuff out to fifteen yards. It burns as long as it gets oxygen, which means it’ll burn clear through a man if it lands on him. The A.P. round is essentially like the hand grenades you were given. Again, it’s lethal within fifteen yards.”
Karoli said, “What happens if you shoot somebody with a boop round? I mean, they’re closer than fifteen yards, and I let go—what then?”
Falconer smiled. “If you hit him, you blow a thirty-millimeter hole through him. The round won’t arm—theoretically—within fifteen yards of the muzzle. My advice is, don’t test it if you have any chance to use the wipe. If things are so hot you don’t have a choice…” His shrug was eloquent.
Conway asked, “What about animals? Will the flechette kill a tiger? Will the antipersonnel round stop one?”
“Don’t know. Hit an elephant direct with an A.P. boop, and I guarantee a tranquilized elephant, if not a dead one. Don’t stop with one round, though. Shoot till it’s down, unmoving, dead. We’ve got one rule—nothing’s as important as our lives. Nothing. We’re no good to our friends if we’re dead. So we live. At any cost, we live.”
There was a clash in his voice that threw Conway’s mind back to memories of missile trails and the syrupy stink of decomposition swimming up from cities too radioactive to admit burial crews. He remembered wishing irritably, impatiently, for the smoldering ashes to burst into flame again, that they might purify the clotted air.
He watched as Pastor Jones and Carter clasped hands momentarily. When the Pastor bowed his head and closed his eyes, she withdrew from the contact. It was a gentle move, and although there was a hint of condescension in her smile, her eyes were thoughtful and the freed hands moved once, as if they’d touch him again.
Falconer was saying, “We’ll travel single file. I’ll go first, because I’m the only one trained in this sort of thing. Pastor, as our designated greeter, you and Carter stay closest to me, about ten feet back. Then you, Leclerc, the same distance behind them. You other two follow him, with Conway bringing up the rear. Check our back trail constantly.”
He got to his feet. “We’re going down to the valley. If we’re going to find anyone, that’s where they’ll live. Follow me.” He led off at a brisk pace.


Chapter 24
Conway’s vantage point at the tail of the column allowed him to watch the others. There was little brush to obstruct his view, due to the immense trees of the forest. He estimated the lower branches at twenty to thirty feet above the ground. The conical tops were almost totally hidden by overlapping growth. Their shade turned the bright day to something like dusk. It was a peculiar, haunting light of no shadows that shrouded the distance, yet made whatever was close appear magnified. The plated, channeled bark of the huge firs made him think of eons-dead dinosaurs.
He wondered if the trees didn’t have similar thoughts about the humans skulking past.
The slope was gentle for the most part, with only an occasional steep bench that forced them to pitch downward from tree trunk to tree trunk. Heavy breathing and scuffling at those times was almost the only thing to break the silence. Once, a bird called harshly, and the entire group crouched before collectively regaining enough composure to continue. No one had spoken since they set out. In fact, whenever one of the faces in front of him appeared in profile as that person scanned to left or right of the route, Conway saw how tightly the jaws were set, how intent the eyes. Conversation was the last thing on those minds.
Ahead of Conway, Karoli was sweating. A small stain darkened the camouflaged material, spreading inexorably as they continued. The dim forest was cool, but the work was hard. Their lack of condition was showing already.
The distance proved deceptive. From the cave it looked like a good walk to the valley floor. Now that they were actually on the way, their goal seemed little closer than when they started. The forest provided only occasional breaks for long-distance viewing. One of the things that cheered Conway was the sight of vast meadows below. He looked forward eagerly to being out of the trees. They made for a runaway sense of claustrophobia.
Another steep drop appeared. They stopped while Falconer negotiated it, then followed singly. Waiting, Conway felt a chill. They were walking a broad ridge, and their progress brought them into the path of a breeze that coursed the valley. It knifed through to his damp underclothes. A second shiver racked his body.
In a while there was a discernible thinning of the trees. There were occasional clumps of brush to avoid, but there was also more light. The sun felt good.
About ten minutes later Pastor Jones jerked to a stop, mouth agape, looking and pointing off to the left. Thirty yards away, another tiger lay on a small rise, indolently stretched out parallel to their line. Carter, watching the ground as she walked, ran into Jones. The animal had been content to merely watch them. The stumbling, staggering movement pricked up its ears. For several hammering heartbeats they formed a tableau, animal and people, and then the cat appeared to levitate to a standing position. Once on its feet, its hindquarters moved away from them in an almost comical dance step, the huge paws daintily crossing over each other. Muscles like hawsers rippled under the thick, striped coat. The action brought it perpendicular to their column, a position that lent itself to a charge.
Jones straightened, inch by inch, and with equal care the tiger sidled backward into a thicket. It melted before their eyes.
“Did you see that?” Leclerc said, his voice squeaking with excitement. “Bigger than any Siberian I ever saw in any zoo!”
They continued to stare at the last trembling leaves marking the cat’s disappearance. When Conway turned away, he was looking at Leclerc, and was intrigued to see the man was flushed with an eagerness he’d not seen in him before. It made Conway think again that there was something about Leclerc that hinted this entire experience was less of a shock to him than anyone else. In unguarded moments he gave off an aura of release, as if everything happening was to be absorbed to the fullest. Conway wondered if the mountain men of the 1800s might not have been similar.
Falconer interrupted his speculations, saying, “He might not have looked so big if there were bars or a moat between you. He had some size, though, didn’t he?”
“Huge.” It was Carter, and she was pale, fists bunched at her sides.
Falconer got them moving again. At first they bunched up, much closer to each other, but quite rapidly they spread apart. Though no more than a few feet, the distance represented confidence. The tiger hadn’t overtly threatened them, yet it was a creature of potential peril. They faced it without breaking. The incident changed them from a line to a patrol. They felt better about themselves. And each other.
By the time they reached the final slope to the valley floor, they were positively chatty, whispering observations up and down the line, pointing at new discoveries. The gaps between the trees grew spacious, and then they were on level ground, forcing their way through waist-high dead grass, detouring around thick clumps of alder and willow. They flushed browsing deer, a buck and three does, that bounded away in fluid leaps. For quite some while afterward they gestured and regaled each other with hushed descriptions. The same thing happened, on a lesser scale, when they saw their first rabbit. An hour later, when Falconer announced a lunch break, they were so used to seeing both creatures, the only reference to them was Karoli’s complaint that both species had left so many droppings it was hard to find a clean place to sit.
Falconer formed the group in an outward-facing circle, reminding them they still had good reason to be on the alert.
As they drank their orange mix and crunched freeze-dried rations from plastic packets, they became aware of a noise in the distance. It was faint, similar to a wind through leaves, but different. No one quite believed it was real. They checked each other with nervous glances, unwilling to be the first to confess a crack in the newly acquired poise.
Conway tried to analyze it. For some reason he thought of it as abnormal. High-pitched, unsteady, it seemed to grow louder, then weaken, only to come back stronger than ever. Although there was only a slight breeze and the sky was perfectly clear, there was a suggestion of high energy, or speed, in the sound. Even more perplexing, he felt he should know exactly what it was.
At last Carter broke their silence. “That noise—it’s disturbing. Doesn’t anyone know what it is?”
Falconer got to his feet, checking his weapon. Jones and Carter inched backward on their buttocks to the center of the circle. Conway and Leclerc moved to close around them, fingering triggers, still facing outward.
The sound increased. To the south a pillar of smoke spiraled upward with amazing speed, and Conway wondered how a fire could grow so hot so quickly, especially since the dead grass seemed to hold enough moisture to preclude what appeared to be an almost explosive combustion. Then, inexplicably, it swirled, dove back down toward the ground.
The sound came from the smoke.
“Birds!” Conway remembered a city park at night, under a roost tree. A car accident startled the birds, and they rose in their thousands, fluttering and twittering, before settling down again. This mass was similar, except that their numbers dwarfed anything he could imagine. The huge flock flowed up the valley with amazing velocity, breaking into fragments that leapfrogged each other in shrilling waves. Their course took them directly past the huddled people, whom they ignored entirely, flying close enough to brush them with their wings. They were small creatures, which made their incredible, overwhelming numbers all the more inconceivable and therefore frightening, somehow.
The sound now was a physical thing, not so loud it deafened, but so persistent, so pervasive, it had dimension, a pressure that insinuated it into the body to rasp every nerve. Conway found himself sinking to his knees, swinging his arms, batting at the enclouding mass. They blotted the light. His breath caught in his chest.
Dimly, he heard shrieking, and looked to see Jones on his feet, unseeing eyes rolling wildly in his grotesquely contorted face. He struggled to pull free of Carter’s grip. Conway bowled into them, and between them they held the Pastor down.
Almost imperceptibly, over long, agonizing minutes, the noise lessened. Peering out through still-squinting eyes, Conway was shocked by the destruction. Grass was mashed flat. Branches were broken, their leaves knocked to the ground. A lush alder thicket, a spring-green mass of new growth moments earlier, was ripped bare, back to winter’s stark tracery.
Cautiously, Carter lifted her head. His eyes locked with hers. They eased away from Jones, who remained facedown, shuddering every time he inhaled. They got to their feet along with the others.
Dozens of birds had been struck by the group. Conway picked one up, examining it. “I don’t believe it,” he muttered. “English sparrows.”
Carter said, “Not surprising, actually. Very adaptive, very aggressive. Interesting.”
Jones sat up slowly, looked at the filth on his clothes and was promptly sick. Everyone else swallowed hard.
Falconer said, “There has to be a stream around here somewhere. Let’s get moving.”
Taking his place in line, an embarrassed Jones apologized, smiling sheepishly. “We all have our phobias, I guess. Mine’s birds. They frighten me. This—” He gestured broadly, at a loss for words. Lamely, he finished, “I couldn’t handle it. I’m sorry.”
Leclerc said, “You haven’t seen anything yet, preacher. Wait’ll you see how I behave when a spider gets on me. I’ll show you what panic’s all about.”
Jones seemed surprised by the sincere sympathy. After a look of appreciation, he grew studious. Conway assumed he was reevaluating the other man.
It took only a few minutes for them to stumble across their goal. Up front, forcing a passage through particularly thick mixed growth, Falconer gave a surprised grunt and stopped. When they forged up beside him, they saw why. A beautiful, rock-bottomed creek was at their feet. It was quite wide, and their side was a shelf, only ankle deep. They stepped out into it—exclaiming at the coldness—and waded upstream to a convenient grassy bank. Conway and Falconer stood watch as their companions splashed about, shouting like children. Carter waded downstream to the deeper water at the first bend, modestly sinking in up to her shoulders to take off her clothes and scrub them. The men took their turn when she was finished, Falconer and Conway going last.
When their clothes were wrung out, they spread out as individuals. No one strayed more than a few yards from the closest neighbor, however, as they examined whatever took their interest. Conway strolled upstream to the next bend. There was a pool there, carved by the abrupt change in the stream’s direction, and what he saw in it made him exclaim aloud. There were fish as long as his arm, sleek creatures suspended in the current. He backed away until he was sure he was clear, then broke into a trot. Falconer looked up from his inspection of the streambank, tensing at Conway’s hurried approach.
“This creek’s packed with fish,” Conway said. “Steelhead, I think. I’m going to cut a sapling and try to spear one.”
Falconer grinned, relaxing. “I’ve got a better way.” He called to the others. “Conway and I are going upstream for a minute.”
They crept to the pool overhang. Falconer pulled the pin on one of the small hand grenades. Glancing at Conway, he smothered laughter. “I wish you could see your face. You must be a really dedicated sports fisherman.”
“I am.” Conway made no effort to keep the stiffness out of his voice.
Falconer said, “I promise not to do it often. Can’t afford the grenades, for one thing. Anyhow, Matt, remember—no one’s been on this stream for centuries. We deserve a treat for dinner today, and I don’t think just this once is going to ruin the fishing, do you?”
Conway had to smile. “I guess not. Goes against the grain, though.”
Falconer winked. “You’ll forgive me when you taste one.”
The force of the explosion carried to them as a heavy push to the stomach. Water geysered several feet in the air to fall back with a hissing splash. They rushed to the bank. Fish bellied up to the surface. Others struggled weakly, carried away by the current. Conway hurried downstream to intercept them where the water ran shallower. Shouting to the others, he soon had them scooping at the slippery harvest. They caught a half-dozen, but missed others.
It wasn’t until they were all walking ashore that he realized Falconer had been standing watch. They exchanged looks, and Conway nodded shortly to indicate he understood the lesson. Someone was always to be on guard. Always.
A shrill cry stopped them in the midst of cleaning the catch. An eagle, severely majestic in black and white against the turquoise sky, swooped to stab talons into one of the fish beached downstream. It was a trying load, and the bird struggled fiercely to get airborne again. Successful, it screeched triumph, flying directly to a high, naked branch where it fed, looking back at the people on the bank between bites. Full of arrogance, he seemed to be telling them that the meal was his due, payment from interlopers to one of the rightful lords of the country. Falconer caught the feeling, and he gestured at the bird, saying, “Look at the pride of that thing, would you? Any other creature would slink off and bolt its meal under cover. He’s wonderful.”
Even Jones seemed to be taken by the scene, Conway noted, and he was especially pleased to see Carter paying more than passing attention.
This life was going to be hardest on her, he decided. He realized he was worried about her. She’d shown good instincts in reacting to Jones’ panic, so she was more than an intellectual mass of social concerns. He hoped she’d allow herself to direct her mind to the new areas that would need her now. Of the whole group, Carter and Mazzoli appeared to have suffered the greatest loss between the old life and this one.
They had all expected to cooperate in rebuilding the framework of a shattered country. From what little he’d heard, he gathered that Carter had pictured herself shaping its ethic.
Falconer led them on a slightly different route back up the hill. The return was unremarkable. Tate welcomed their approach with a relieved smile that turned to outright glee when they held up the fish. She shouted back into the cave, and everyone tumbled out, bubbling appreciation. Conway, as the experienced fisherman, volunteered to cook.
He’d brought an armload of alder switches with him. Yoshimura helped him rig six things that looked like primitive tennis rackets. Butterflying each fish, he laid it on an alder frame, then lashed it in place with two more switches. Driving the handle into the ground exposed the rich, red flesh to the direct heat of the fire. Within minutes the air was redolent with broiling steelhead.
Leclerc spoke softly to Karoli, and the two of them took up watchful positions at the outer limit of the group, facing the forest. Conway remembered Falconer’s look from the riverside. Apparently other people were becoming aware of the necessities of this life, as well. Even though the others laughed and joked, they stayed within a few feet of the mouth of the cave, never going beyond the fire’s circle of light. The night imprisoned them.
Similarly, they ate clustered around the entrance. Later, as they watched the fire, conversing softly, Falconer rose to make an announcement. He said, “I found something today we all have to think about. Now that we’re well-fed and rested, we’ve got to have a serious conference.” He reached inside one of the voluminous jacket pockets, then held up an object about two inches long between thumb and forefinger.
They all moved to see it. The only one to speak was Tate, and she said, “Well, there it is, folks. We’re not alone.”
Falconer said, “Whoever else is still alive uses arrowheads like this. We know that now.”
Mazzoli said, “Oh, that could be hundreds of years old.”
Conway was close enough to see it more clearly. He said, “I’m afraid it proves a great deal, Madge. If Falconer found it on top of the ground, it’s probably not old at all.”
She took a backward step in unconscious denial. “I’ve seen lots of arrowheads; you can’t tell how old they are just by looking.”
Falconer said, “This one was on the bank of the stream. Look, there’s still a fragment of the cord left that held it to the shaft.”
Yoshimura left her friend’s side and advanced on Falconer. She reached out, took the arrowhead from him, and pushed past to examine it more clearly in the firelight. In her smaller hand it looked deadlier, more intimidating. “Oh, God,” she said. It was almost a prayer. Her mouth formed a small circle of shock. “It’s not stone at all. The green patina… It’s bronze.”
Falconer nodded slowly. “As Tate said, we’re not alone. But who are we with?”


Chapter 25
The debate about leaving or staying started then. It lasted long into the first night and had continued heatedly the following day. As Conway had anticipated, the character of the group was such that personalities discolored issues from the outset, with the result that no one could truly be said to be interested entirely in facts.
No one harbored any notions that the cave could be made livable. There was a gloss on the air in it already, an oppressiveness that worked in the mind, convinced a person that if they turned quickly enough they might catch a glimpse of something waiting. They still went in and out, hauling out anything that appeared desirable, like antic monkeys loose in a storehouse. Already, a pile of discards grew next to the entrance. The VDP and its disks were there, hauled out by someone who forgot there was no electricity anywhere else. It rested on top of a minicomputer and printer. Pastor Jones had wanted to bring them with him, saying it would be necessary for him to prepare his observations and lesson plans when they linked up with other people. Yoshimura, acting in her self-appointed capacity as nurse-mother, gently dissuaded him by pointing out he had no batteries and wasn’t very likely to find any paper anywhere.
The major argument firmly polarized them in three predictable subgroups; for, against, and unwilling to decide. Minds had lodged there solidly, perfecting arguments and rebuttals.
On the fourth day after the discovery of the arrowhead, there had been no further patrols and the arguments about leaving were becoming so heated there was an unspoken moratorium. Conway noticed it by midmorning and deliberately spent the entire day drifting among his companions, watching and listening carefully. There was a forced comradeship in every look, every phrase, that worried him.
In the dark morning hours of the fifth day, he lay in his sleeping bag, staring at the interwoven branches that made up their ceiling now that they slept outdoors. They kept a small fire burning all night, backed against the uphill side of one of the massive trees. This was Falconer’s idea; it was supposed to keep animals at bay without illuminating their camp for any curious human eyes in the valley.
He listened to the even breathing of his companions and watched the multiple coils of smoke dance shyly in the faint light of the flames. They rose sinuously, stroking each other, lingering over each contact, sometimes blending, sometimes separating, finally twisting to invisibility in the night.
The group had grown similarly complex, equally unpredictable. It might also disappear as easily as the smoke.
There was more to worry about than animals, more than arrowheads.
Leclerc was nervous about the reactor. While the others argued about their next move, he never participated except to reiterate his agreement with Falconer. He puttered constantly, checking dials, twisting knobs, reading meters. When asked to be specific, he merely shook his head and mumbled about nothing lasting forever. Yesterday he’d grown increasingly testy, and when approached by Yoshimura, who merely asked sociably how things were going, he snapped at her that he was no nuke tech and wasn’t about to go poking around where he could get fried if he made a mistake. If she wanted his best guess, though, he figured the thing was about out of fuel.
Falconer immediately ordered all unnecessary power cut off, which included the positive pressure blowers. Conway was surprised, and not a little disturbed, at how quickly everyone moved to obey. He told himself it was only a reflection of general understanding of the situation.
He wondered if he was simply reacting to Falconer’s militarism. Carter made no pretense of her resistance to almost every word the man uttered. She went out of her way to initiate discussions in his hearing that unfavorably compared the effectiveness of military action with her area of expertise, international trade law.
As much as he wanted to be correct in his own decisions, Conway found it almost automatic to question Falconer. The Colonel said he wanted them to equip themselves as best they could and strike out to make contact with whoever they could find.
Conway tended to agree, but he’d refused to commit himself. There were good reasons, he argued with himself, beyond his concern that Falconer was becoming more of a dominant character than a consensus leader.
Their present situation offered everything but progress. A spring nearby would suffice for water. There was game in the valley, and fish. They would learn more about foraging for edible plants. But that was only the base requirement.
An attempt to remain in place was more than a decision, it was a complex statement that left more unsaid than it defined. It acknowledged the creation of a community, with the need for societal rules and behavior norms.
Of all the women, Madge Mazzoli was the only one past childbearing age. When the arguments for remaining near the cave were being most strongly promoted, she disagreed. Conway noticed that she was the only one who maintained eye contact with any of the men for more than a moment. She had the least to say, but her ability to concentrate on the issue without being snared by the unspoken biological considerations made her the most effective spokesman for moving on.
“We’re people from a more advanced world,” she’d argued simply. “Whoever’s out there, they need us.”
“Need what?” Karoli countered angrily. “What have you got to offer people who shoot bows and arrows? You going to tell them about TV? Computers?”
Surprisingly, her eyes sparkled with spirit, a resurgence of the will that had collapsed earlier. “We know about cleanliness. We know about reading and writing. We know some things about first aid, and CPR, and geometry, and chemistry. We’re smarter than you think, Mr. Karoli, and it’d be a sin and a shame for us to sit somewhere and pretend the rest of the world doesn’t exist.”
Falconer applauded, which drew a smile from her. As they watched, the expression lost definition, grew soft and doughy. In growing dismay, they saw her sink back to pleasant impenetrability. Everyone shifted uncomfortably, unsure how they should react to a telling argument presented by someone they all knew was gradually retreating from reality.
In the end, on that first night, with the moon turning the encircling trees into silver-etched ebony columns, they’d carefully laid in a stock of firewood for the watch and gone to bed.
Tonight, as then, Conway was restless.
Crawling out of his sleeping bag as quietly as possible, he made his way to Anspach’s post by the fire. She was alert, and heard him coming at some distance. When he complimented her on it, she held out an exaggerated shaking hand and made a face. They chuckled together, the necessity to keep quiet forging an intimacy between them that made Conway feel a bit shy and daring. Anspach’s usually quiet face seemed more animated than usual, too, he thought. He asked if she’d like him to take the watch when they finished talking. “No sense in both of us being awake,” he said.
She shook her head in a vigorous no. Puzzled, he asked her about it. Her answering laughter was embarrassed, and she gave him a hard look. “You won’t laugh at me?”
“Of course not. What’s wrong?”
She poked at the fire and pulled her coat tighter, gathering herself. “I’m an academic,” she said. “I’ve never slept anywhere except in a house or hotel in my whole life. In my family, we ate fried chicken with a knife and fork off china, you understand? When my parents died, I lived alone in the same house, with the same behaviors.” She got to her feet, looked down at him. The firelight deepened the lines around her mouth, hid her eyes in the sockets. “Janet’s as close to a friend as I ever had. She did a grand thing the other day, saving Jones. I want to live up to her, to all of you, but I’m afraid of what’s out there. I’m even more afraid I’ll do something stupid and get someone hurt. Or find out I’m a coward.”
He said, “We all feel exactly the same, Sue.”
She shook her head. “You’ve succeeded in your life. Failed sometimes. I’ve never done either.”
“Fake it, then.” She frowned, not trusting his remark, and he went on. “Do what you have to do with enthusiasm. Make the rest of us believe you’re not afraid. Who knows—maybe you’ll convince yourself.”
“Is that what you do? You don’t look scared all the time.”
“You mean I only look scared part of the time, right?” He laughed openly at her stammering attempt to explain the phrasing, pleased to see her finally surrender to the humor of it and smile. Then he said, “You and Janet aren’t great outdoors folks, but you’re bright people. Don’t cheat us out of that brain power by worrying it to paralysis. Trust yourself; you’ll be all right.”
“Thanks for saying so, anyhow.”
“I’m moving over to that clearing to look at the stars. Want to come along?”
“Would it be all right? The Colonel said this was my post.”
“Did he nail you to the ground?” He was sharper than he should have been, which only heightened the irritation generated by her concern for absolute obedience. He spun away.
The night was chilly away from the fire, and they both hunched tighter against the cold. For a while neither spoke. Anspach whispered that the stars were so close it was like looking at them through a telescope. Conway agreed, leaning back against a tree, enjoying the feeling of shared solitude.
A little later he heard a sound from her, as of something catching in her throat. Suspicious, he bent forward to look into her face. There were wet streaks down her cheeks. He said, “Hey, I thought we had things straightened out.”
She managed a smile. “I was remembering a painting. It showed the Louvre, destroyed in the revolution. People were using the paintings to build shacks, and burning the frames for firewood. It’s all gone—the painting, the Louvre, and all. God. Oh, God. Think of it, Matt—the Statue of Liberty, Westminster Abbey, the Imperial Palace... We’ve lost more than people, more than civilization. The heritage of the race is gone.”
It stunned him to realize he hadn’t accepted the fact. All the while he’d told himself he was being forthright in his acknowledgment of the hammer-blow truths of their situation. He’d volunteered for the patrol, smirked at Jones’ irrational desire to pack his computer if they left, laughed to himself at the lack of thought that lugged the VDP and its disks out of the cave. He told himself he’d adapted.
He’d cheated. In the back of his mind was a hoarded fantasy of cities frozen in time. Remnants, possibly decrepit to the point of collapse—he desperately wanted them to be still there. In that world, university buildings would continue to harbor knowledge, museums would be protecting and preserving the art and science man had created in his hundreds of thousands of years and his millions upon millions of lives.
Sue’s forlorn analysis made him face the truth. If there was even rubble where the cities had towered, the centuries had seen it overgrown, turned into a lair for animals. If today’s humanity could even get up nerve enough to approach those sites, they’d come humbled to dust, not as owners, but as garbage pickers.
Perversely, the more he thought about it, the more determined he became to surmount that destruction. What had been could be again, and better. Man could build once more, and perhaps this time make something of man that would last through the ages.
He considered telling Anspach his thoughts. They stuck to the roof of his mouth. Instead, he sympathized in a general, conversational manner, then announced he intended to try sleeping again. As soon as she was comfortably placed by the fire, he made his way back to his sleeping bag.
The next thing he knew, Yoshimura was shaking his shoulder, calling him to face the new day. He rolled out eagerly, hurrying to wash up. By the time he was finished shaving—he’d shown the other men how to put a razor edge on the huge hunting knives Falconer’s troops were issued, and he grinned at the image of himself maneuvering the oversized blade around his face—he was secure in his mind.
He cornered Falconer. “Listen,” he said, tapping the surprised Colonel’s chest. “We’ve got to get out of here, take our chances. I’ve thought it over. Madge is right; we owe the survivors whatever we can offer. We volunteered for this project with that in mind, and just because the boundaries have been changed doesn’t mean we can quit the game.”
“You know that’s my point. I don’t have a choice. You heard the vidisk they left for me.”
Conway smiled. “You mean put the U.S. back together? What with, string?”
“If I have to. Those are my orders.”
“You can’t mean that. Use your head. Look down there, right there in that valley. It used to be home for over thirty thousand people, remember? Orchards, farms, factories. Sidewalks. Electricity. Gasoline. It’s wilderness. Who cares about artificial political boundaries?”
“Look, you want to improve the minds of whoever’s left. Jones wants to teach them they’ve got souls so he can save them. Carter wants to teach them that the working man is God Almighty and all they have to do is form a good union to prove it. Me, I want to get those artificial political boundaries reestablished so you can all have your rightful place to do your wonderful things. Do what you want. I’ll make a nation.”
“You’re crazy.”
“Possibly. I don’t think so.” Falconer smiled, an expression of self-mockery. “Consider that: a new world. We can define our own terms. We can decide what crazy is.”
Conway walked away. When they had their next group discussion, though, he threw in on Falconer’s side.
He expected heated reaction, and it came. Yoshimura, in particular, insisted the rigors of a long move would be unacceptable. The unspoken object of her concern, Madge Mazzoli, smiled pleasantly the whole time. Her decline tried Conway’s new resolve more than any argument. In the end it was Pastor Jones who proposed they acknowledge that the cave was unlivable. Once that point was cleared up, he suggested they all agree to move until they found a place to settle that all could accept. The compromise was approved.
That done, he led them in a short prayer for those remaining in the cave. The solemnity of mood afterward couldn’t stand up to the excitement of preparing to leave.
They chose partners in order to help each other organize equipment, Conway was pleased to team up with Tate. She was quick, good company, and, he was sure, totally dependable. Surprisingly, she’d been the strongest advocate for moving to the valley, but not farther. In thinking about that, he decided it was less a breakup of the Falconer-Leclerc-Tate axis than a tactical decision on her part. She probably saw the valley as defensible and a place that could easily be developed into a sustaining community. Those would be her major concerns. Although chagrined to see Conway come into the balance against her, she was very forbearing when she told him there were no hard feelings.
They spent the day getting ready for departure. Conway held school on their weapons again. Falconer appeared with a new type he’d dug out of the warehouse wreckage. It was a long rifle in a special case. He described it to them during a class break.
“The inside of the case lid is a solar power pack,” he said, opening it, revealing a series of black panels connected to each other by small wires. “The piece can be used as an ordinary rifle. Plugged into the electrical source, it’s a thinking sniper’s weapon.” He connected a wire from the rifle stock into an outlet in the case, then flipped the caps off the scope. Pointing into the valley, he said, “I align the scope cross hairs on the target and push this button. The laser gets the range and an LED gives me a digital reading on the lens. Push it again and the piece adjusts for a correct aim. I add wind estimate with this knob beside the laser/ranger button.” Displaying a cartridge, he went on, “Thirty caliber. Antique size, but a bust-ass slug. Special powder, blazing muzzle velocity. I can guarantee a one-shot kill out to a thousand yards on a still day. From there out to two thousand the odds change, mostly due to wind uncertainty. Let me see where the first round strikes, though, and I’ll bet cash money on the second.”
Conway disliked the weapon, with its elegant, superior look. It seemed to want to fire, to flaunt its power. When Falconer extended it for him to handle, he stepped back, shaking his head. Words popped out. “It makes me think of assassinations.”
Falconer’s frown came slowly, unusually delicate, the expression of someone deciding to overlook a regrettable descent into bad taste. He said no more, repacking the rifle. Conway went back to teaching about the other weapons.
The magnitude of their choice seemed to fall on them simultaneously as they stood looking at their stacked equipment that evening. Falconer had directed an inspection. Everyone must have a helmet and properly adjusted body armor, a full canteen and ammunition. Packs were checked for a weapon maintenance kit, rations for ten days, vitamin and mineral supplements, first aid equipment, and three complete changes of clothes. They examined their own gear and each other’s. Suddenly, almost in chorus, they agreed to spend the following day, one last day, rehearsing tactical and march formations, fire commands, and trail discipline.
It went quickly, frenetically. Time seemed to leap across itself. The last dinner was a nervous meal, bolted down. Conversation came in snatches, almost entirely devoted to reviewing theoretical situations of defense, attack, or retreat. At darkness there was a last rush of making ready, last-minute unpacking and repacking. They were a long time settling into the sleeping bags. Listening, Conway was sure no one slept.
His eyes flew open at the first spoken word from Falconer, who stood the last watch of the night. For a moment he couldn’t make himself believe dawn had slipped up on him.
Breakfast reminded him of a locker room before a game. The laughter was too loud, the conversation too casual and, just before they left, too confident.
Fear coated them like sweat.


Chapter 26
The move from the cave was a wrench for everyone. As Falconer and Conway moved among them, checking their equipment, making sure they understood their position in the unit, no one managed to avoid at least one look back. They packed all the discards inside and replaced the false rock cover as best they could, trusting to nature and time to complete their imperfect camouflage. Falconer lectured them one last time—move in teams of two, with one person designated to fire wipe rounds, one restricted to longer-range use of the boop.
Conway smiled at the comedy of such terms for such deadly weapons. Before the thought was fully formed, he remembered the smoke from ruined suburbs reaching for his helicopter on the ride to Dulles.
After that he tried to concentrate on the move itself. The war he’d seen was over. He hoped they’d find people who had no word for the phenomenon.
Falconer’s remark about defining their own terms came to mind as they made their way toward the valley. Leclerc, leading the way with Yoshimura close behind, pointed out the patch of brush where they’d seen the tiger. Conway couldn’t hear the hushed commentary, but was willing to bet Leclerc was calling the mound Tiger Place, or something like it. Descriptions like that would be the names of the new world. So much for Washington or Connecticut or Oklahoma. Did the people who made the bronze arrowheads name their territory? Did any of the old names carry over?
They were on the lower shoulder of the slope when Falconer signaled a stop. Self-consciously applying their newly learned doctrine, the teams of two took cover facing outward.
Falconer spoke to Leclerc, then made his way to where Conway knelt beside a tree with Tate. Squatting beside them, he wiped a sweating brow and said, “I’d give my soul for a pair of binoculars.”
Tate gestured widely. “Even a map. All I know is directions, and if the sun goes behind a cloud, I’m done.”
“I want a good defensive position for the night,” Falconer said. Almost to himself, he added, “I want to work west. To the coast.”
Conway had expected something of the sort. Everything Falconer had said during the arguments over leaving hinted at an intention to explore and actively seek contact. He asked, “Why the coast?”
“It was the closest large population center. It’s a milder climate, and we’ve got no winter gear. Primarily, though, because I think that’s where we’ll find the most advanced culture. Shipping, either riverine or maritime, is a keystone for growth and development.”
Tate said, “If they’re using bows and arrows, they’re not what I’d call advanced.”
Falconer reached inside the open collar of his blouse. The arrowhead dangled from a cord around his neck. He held it out. “That’s not a one-time effort,” he went on. “It means mass production and standardization.”
Conway said, “Okay, so we decide to head for Puget Sound. Where’s the pass through all that?” He gestured uphill, indicating the wall of the Cascade Range to the west. Snow still capped many of the peaks.
“That’s one reason why I was wishing for binoculars. Our best hope is that we’ll find friendly locals who’ll guide us.”
Tate said, “What’s second best?”
“We spend our summer exploring.”
Conway frowned. “The coast didn’t come up when we debated leaving the cave. Everyone assumed we’d find a friendly tribe, or at least a good location for a camp.”
“That’s first priority. I’m not asking everyone to go with me. I think we all should, but whether anyone else does or not, I am.”
“You’d break up the group?”
“Certainly.”
They matched stares before Tate put a hand on the arm of each. “That can all wait. We’ve got to prove we can even function in this environment first.”
They agreed. Conway knew his own response was halfhearted. He could only wonder about Falconer’s.
The sun was centered in the sky when they reached the creek, and Leclerc christened it Noon Creek. With that, Falconer insisted everyone set his or her watch accordingly. Despite having been out of the crèches for almost a week, it was the first any of them had considered time as something to be measured in increments smaller than mealtimes or guard shifts. The first real laughter of the trip came as they realized the disparity of the timepieces and joked with each other about who’d been cheated out of the most sleep.
Late that afternoon their line of march was forced away from the creekbank by a steep bluff. They crested that high ground and found themselves overlooking the exact campsite they sought, where their smaller stream fed into a river. The flood plain on their side was scoured flat, a lush meadow. There were numerous large droppings from cattle or buffalo; possibly both, Leclerc guessed. He remarked on the size of them, and the absence of any sighting of the animals.
Across the river the ground was rougher. Flood currents had formed long, narrow hillocks topped by tufts of alder and willow that made Conway think of unruly haircuts. The dry channels between them were weedy expanses of tumbled, round river rock.
The chafing of packs and incipient foot blisters were temporarily forgotten. They hugged and congratulated each other, then hurried to the junction.
Falconer soon had them dug in militarily, with two-man foxholes in perimeter and a central command post. The digging took place under great complaint. Conway conceded the necessity for it and grudgingly admired Falconer’s ability to sway his reluctant crew.
As the lowering sun neared the mountaintops, Karoli detached himself from his near-constant attendance on Bernhardt and strolled downstream to some alders where he noisily hacked free a branch. Using the metal lid from an empty ration jam can and his pocketknife, he fashioned a workable barbed head. A strip of cloth from his shirttail bound it to the branch. In a few minutes he’d fashioned a fish spear. The offhand ingenuity pleased Conway out of all proportion. It was a minor accomplishment in the grand scheme of things, but it was exactly the way they’d have to survive.
Conway also saw Falconer’s irritation, understanding the soldier considered it a breach of discipline for someone to leave without notifying him. He considered going to Karoli to intercede and explain the need for security, but decided against it. That sort of thing was Falconer’s responsibility. Anyhow, he was tired, and they’d seen no sign of anyone, or even any large animals, except grazers.
Falconer continued to glance Karoli’s way from time to time, and when the larger man moved farther downstream, Falconer trotted to Karoli’s foxhole. Whistling, he held up Karoli’s vest, helmet, and weapon, gesturing for him to return.
Karoli looked back, grinned, and kept going. Falconer ran after him, carrying the equipment. Coming up behind the other man, he turned him with a hand on his shoulder, thrusting the military gear at him. Startled, Karoli took it. In the next instant he threw it to the ground. Conway half rose, as did Tate, ready to break up a fight.
Standing on the riverbank, the two men argued, faces almost in contact. Abruptly, Falconer stepped back, spun on his heel, picked up the equipment, and stormed back toward camp. Karoli nonchalantly proceeded in the opposite direction, disappearing beyond a rock outcrop. Everyone was suddenly very busy as Falconer reentered the perimeter and dropped into his foxhole.
Tate turned her attention to the alcohol stove, saying. “Too bad. Things went pretty good there for a while. Karoli ought to know the Colonel’s really looking out for him.”
Conway said, “Maybe Karoli thinks he can look out for himself.”
Tate looked over her shoulder at him. Her smile was condescending, and Conway bridled, ready to strike back. However, all she said was, “Maybe so. I just hate to see our first day ending like that. When it started I was looking at how pretty everything is and thinking how well we’re doing, too.”
He looked past her, out where the sunset spilled color across the sparse clouds. A reflected golden glow warmed the spring green, hinting of the rich summer to come. In the river a large fish roiled, the splat of the tail a signal for a flock of swallows to swirl over the camp. She was right, of course. It was beautiful. He watched the swallows, thinking how thick the animal population was. It spoke well for livability. He wondered if Karoli was having any luck. Another steelhead dinner was a far more appetizing prospect than another load of freeze-dried glop, no matter how nutritious.
Bernhardt called to Falconer, attracting everyone’s attention, pointing. Karoli was returning, empty-handed, moving at a heavy trot, looking over his shoulder every few steps. From the brush behind him rose a yapping, yodeling howl. “Coyote,” Leclerc said. Answering cries came from somewhere between the group and the now-running man. He would have to pass the second one to get away from the first. The only alternative was to head for the river.
He put on a lumbering burst of speed.
The first arrow hit his left leg, the one away from the river. He took it very well, staggering only slightly, the protruding shaft no encumbrance.
Bernhardt screamed. No one else reacted; all were frozen by the unfolding spectacle.
The next arrow missed Karoli completely, but the third hit him fair in the side, just below his ribs. He lurched badly at that, slowing to a shuffling jog. Two more arrows, one from behind and yet another from the side, stopped him in his tracks. He still refused to fall, turning, turning, tugging at the shafts. His chin was almost on his chest, and he was close enough for them to hear his panting efforts.
When the two men broke out of the brush and sprinted toward him, the sight galvanized the group. Leclerc fired first. Without appearing to aim, he dropped both men with two shots so close together that the rolling, battering noise was almost a single explosion.
They were small people, and the impact of the high-velocity flechettes threw them whirling and tumbling to the ground.
More howls came from the brush, and Falconer pointed. “Boops! Two rounds each!” The designated gunners fired. After the crackling blasts, they were rewarded with screams and moans from the bushes.
Bernhardt ran for Karoli before anyone was aware of it. Conway followed, watching for more arrows. Bernhardt had eyes only for her friend. She cradled his head, but Conway snatched her upright, grabbing Karoli’s collar. They hurried back, dragging him, ignoring Falconer and Leclerc, who passed them, heading away from the perimeter.
Conway and Bernhardt were trying to make Karoli comfortable when the other two returned, dragging one of the dead warriors. Bernhardt looked at him and gagged. “Why?”
Falconer said, “We have to know as much about these people as we can. I’m going to check his weapons and everything else.” He turned a grim, unblinking look on Conway. “Any chance for Karoli?”
Conway shook his head.
An arrow whistled down among them, quivering in the dirt. For a second they gaped at it. The eager whisper of the second sent them scrambling for their holes. In the failing light Conway scanned the circle. The withdrawal he’d seen in the expressions before had toughened to determination.
Then he looked at Karoli and the other dead man. They lay on their stomachs, heads turned toward each other. Lifeless, startled eyes looked into identical eyes.
He hoped no one else saw them as he did.
* * *
Across the river on the knoll overlooking the scene, Clas angrily waved back the two women holding the horses before snapping at Gan, who lay beside him. “Of course I heard the thunder! You think I’m deaf?”
Gan heard the fear sharpening the anger. It made him feel better, because the way the two Devil warriors had seemed to come apart had almost made him shout his terror. The women were still buzzing agitatedly.
Gan said, “They killed the Devils. Like lightning.”
“It’s lightning. I saw the flash. We’ve all seen lightning kill.”
“Much the same.” Gan avoided complete agreement or argument, then asked, “What about the soft noise, and the big noise later, far away?”
“We can’t know everything. These things take time.”
Gan held back a bittersweet smile at the sound of the voice his father had always used when he didn’t know the answer. He said, “I never saw clothes like that. Do you know their tribe?”
“No. I can’t understand what they are. Clumsy as hamstrung cows. I’m sure there’re women among them. Strange clothes—and weapons that kill at a distance as surely as a knife in the throat.” He pursed his lips and nodded. “They die well. He was like a bear.”
“What should we do?” Gan asked. He knew what he wanted to hear, wished he could express the force of the thing that had been growing in his mind since Col first mentioned the prophecy. From that moment he’d had a feeling of a future hurtling toward him. Now he knew these strangers were part of it. The certainty of what he had to do drummed in his head, while at the same time, he thought with wonder how a few days ago he’d have deferred instantly to Clas in any similar situation. Now he had to convince. To lead.
“They’d make strong allies,” he said.
“We don’t need allies. If the Devils attack, we’ll wait till it’s over, then get away. They’ll probably leave. Two dead, and at least two more wounded by weapons that work like magic ought to convince even them to go home.”
Clas slid noiselessly back off the ridgeline.
Gan was drawn back to the encircled group.
They were important.
His scalp prickled at the fact of it.
He joined Clas as he grained the horses, and when his friend turned an expression of puzzled expectation on him, he blurted. “Everything that’s happened to us—Faldar Yan, the Rose Priestess coming to us, the duel in Earth Heart, the strangers here; could there be a reason for all of it?”
“A reason?”
“Something makes weather; we don’t understand what. Are we like clouds, pushed by new winds, bringing changes we don’t understand? Could there be a reason for what’s happened?”
Clas’ eyes narrowed. He continued to pour grain into the nosebags, but much more slowly. A breeze eased through the branches with mocking chuckles. Gan felt his shoulders tighten in defensive reflex. Clas’ answer was restrained. “I know what’s behind your words. My life is fighting. The reasons why a man lives and his enemy dies are very clear, so a man learns to respect only what he can see. Church comforts. Readers and Seers and other babblers bore me. Except for your mother. She knew things she couldn’t know.” He looked away. “And you’re her son as much as Col’s.”
Devils yapped coyote calls near the strangers. Clas’ speculative look disappeared. “It’s time to eat,” he said.
Gan called his dogs. He picked up some food from a saddlebag and moved away from the others.
Clas was cutting an apple into thirds, sharing it with the women. They made muted exclamations of pleasure.
Gan wanted to join them. They all liked him; he knew that. Still, ever since the thing with Faldar and Bay, they acted as if he was different, somehow. He remembered the way Sylah looked at Raggar before he killed his man, and how differently she looked at him afterward. Silly. He was the same dog, wasn’t he?
And Clas. He was more like his father every minute, hard to please, always looking for reasons to find fault.
When he turned for one last look before leaving, Neela was watching him. She turned away. Her hair caught the touch of day’s failing light.
Gan rose swiftly, moving downhill to his watch position. He reminded himself that his only reason for living was to lead the Dog People.
Friends weren’t important. Not really.


Chapter 27
Raggar was nervous. Several times he’d heaved his bulk upright, looming dark against the night. Gan knew part of his irritability stemmed from uncertainty. He still wasn’t comfortable with Cho, and as far as Shara was concerned, he’d made it very clear he tolerated no youthful fools. The gangly pup already nursed a nipped thigh and had learned to keep Gan’s horse between himself and Raggar while they were on the move. Once again Raggar padded off into the night. Cho groaned softly as she rose to follow. Gan made Shara settle back. He’d lost count of the times the adult pair moved off together in silent investigation, and the immature animal needed more rest than that.
They were all tired. Still, they’d been lucky. There was no pursuit; the storm apparently cloaked their move north. He shifted his position, and a twinge in the shoulder reminded him that the wound was still there, but no great problem. Even Neela had been helpful in that regard. That was a pleasant surprise. For the most part she said no more to him than was absolutely necessary.
He understood. Better than he was able to admit to anyone. In her place, he’d be much harsher with the man who killed his father.
One of the advantages of standing watch was the dogs. He wished Neela had a similar benefit. The dogs didn’t understand the details of his problems, but they understood his moods better than any human.
Neela had sacrificed everything but life itself. Her losses were more bitter, more devastating, than anyone’s. Yet she never complained. Her retreat from contact was the only sign of the turmoil he knew must rage in her. She’d even put aside her outright hostility toward Sylah. He felt sure there was a rebuilding going on between them, and the relationship might even prove stronger for it. He hoped so.
The only other time she approached her brightness of old was when Clas had time to relax and joke with her. She hung on his words, made soft, feminine sounds of amusement or amazement at everything he did.
As often as he told himself that was typical woman-stuff and it shouldn’t bother him, it still did. He worried about her when she didn’t communicate, and hated it when she did. Especially with Clas.
Which was stupid.
The dogs returned almost at a trot, Raggar’s low growl presaging their appearance. Gan felt their excitement. Raggar stood beside his master, looking down where the river and creek were hidden in darkness. He growled again.
Gan rose to all fours and sniffed the air, trying to scent what had Raggar so troubled. He detected nothing.
A Devil warrior hooted a reasonable imitation of an owl. Another answered. Gan cupped his hands behind his ears, thought he detected movement. It could have been the breeze, or a creature disturbed by the false owl cry. Gan was torn. If the Devils were preparing to attack, the strangers might all be killed; if he left his post to assist, his own people would be left sleeping, unguarded.
He woke Clas, explaining quickly he meant to take the dogs and scout the strangers’ perimeter to see if they survived.
Clas’ eyes were black holes in the pale oval of his face, the normally demanding tattoo nothing but a darker smudge. His voice had a soft, concerned quality Gan had never heard before as, instantly wide awake, he said, “Tell me only one thing. Do you think these people are so important to you, or do you know?”
Gan hesitated, then said, “I know.”
“Then we go. If a man knows something he cannot know, he must act. Leave the pup with the women.”
Gan woke them and explained what was happening. Their calm acceptance made him proud of them. He wished he had time to tell them so.
Flanked by the dogs, they moved in a silence that filled Gan with the giddy feeling that with each noiseless step he grew beyond himself, became spiritlike. Shadows rose to shroud him. It was all he could do to suppress the growl of pure pleasure at the back of his throat.
They entered the river a good distance above the strangers’ camp, coming out across the smaller creek from them. Leaving the dogs on guard, they crawled through the shallows, inching onto land with murdats drawn.
There was no need for Gan to speak aloud to inform Clas when he discovered the abandoned fighting hole. Generations of unending conflict had forced the Dog People to create combat communications. On the march in quiet circumstances, they had arm and hand signals. In battle, or at great distances, they had a combination of shrill whistles, signal pennants, and war drums that was almost as detailed as speech. When absolute silence was required, they used hand language. It was a code based on touch, using hand grips, clasping of fingers in a particular manner, or a series of short or long pressures. The grammar was rudimentary and the vocabulary limited, but it enabled warriors to plan, organize, and strike with the terrifying soundlessness of owls dropping from the night.
He told Clas, “Stranger place here. Stranger gone.”
There was a splash on their left, coming from the far riverbank directly across from their location. On their own side the angry chitter of a raccoon alerted them further. A fish slapped the surface downstream.
Clas signaled “enemy” on Gan’s arm. Together they crept to the edge of the hole. It was still heavy with the scent of its occupants.
The raccoon chittered again, directly ahead. Gan flexed his sword arm, savored the pull of muscle on bone. He signaled, “Enemy. I,” to Clas, and moved forward. He imagined himself transformed into a man-animal from the campfire legends.
If the Devil on the riverbank heard anything, it was the faint hiss of the murdat. Gan took his bone and eased him into the water.
When the slapping fish sound was repeated, Gan prepared to move across the river, but Clas materialized beside him, insisting they go back. They crossed the stream, gathered the dogs, and then proceeded up the main river, keeping to the bank. They had to allow for the current on their return swim, and gauged their trek so that, having made it across, they came out about a hundred yards upstream from the abandoned perimeter. Gan figured the current would have carried the fleeing strangers about thirty yards downstream from their starting point. Thus, when it became light, it should be less than two hundred yards to where they were hiding.
He put the dogs downwind so their wet coats wouldn’t screen out other smells. While they waited for activity, he admired the skill of the strangers’ move. They might be better fighters than he thought.
Time passed until daylight enabled him to distinguish individual leaves on shrubs. The dawn brooded. Mist breathed up from the surface of the water, tumbling in slow waves across the flood plain. When the sun touched the horizon, the blank whiteness turned silvery as it poked and prodded inquisitively across the rocky ground.
A hoarse call came from one of the elongated mounds that rose a few feet above the scoured surface. The dogs moved to a half crouch, eyes jerking from the direction of the sound to Gan, waiting for a command. He gestured them back down. To Clas he touched, “Understand talk?”
Clas gripped his fingers in a negative sign. When there was an answering shout from another clump of brush, they both winced at the tactical mistake. The Devils now knew their prey was separated and confused.
A figure appeared near the riverbank. In the dim light and the knee-high mist, it appeared more beastlike than human. It headed inland in a series of clumsy lurches. Sharp thunder crashed. The figure wobbled but remained upright. At the next crack the head jerked, then lolled sideways to rest on its shoulder.
It was a trick, a rough decoy to draw the strangers’ lightning. The man moving the dummy, submerged in the mist, lowered it with a loud, choking gurgle. Voices hidden in the fog erupted in derisive laughter.
Drumlike thumps, like the ones of the night before, came from the strangers’ two widely separated locations. Moments later the earth erupted with smoke and sound at several points. Plants whipped and danced as if caught in a storm.
Something that buzzed like an angry wasp struck a rock in front of Gan and spun to a stop on the gravel directly under his nose. It was metal, with bright, jagged edges. He picked it up and dropped it instantly, exclaiming surprise before popping scorched fingers in his mouth.
Increasing light exposed a cautiously advancing warrior. Within moments Gan counted four more. When he turned to Clas and held up that many fingers, Clas was frowning. He pointed east and held up a full hand three times, adding hand-signing saying that many horses and riders advanced toward the river.
Craning, Gan saw them and understood what was planned. The hunting party had left a man behind to hold their horses; Gan spotted him on the far bank, close to where he’d struck down the warrior. The remainder intended to hold the strangers in place until the larger element could attack.
Suddenly, with no warning whatsoever, a stranger was upright and walking. Gan almost spoke to Clas in his surprise. His friend hissed in startled disbelief.
The stride and shoulder-length hair suggested a woman. The voice confirmed it when she called out. She addressed the vacant space before her, and even though he understood no words, he heard the cajoling, pleading tone of a mother calling a toddler.
His throat tightened. She must have gone mad.
She moved forward again, unaware that one of her companions, a smaller figure, was also visible now, crouched at the edge of the bushes where they’d both been hiding. Frightened shouts came from another mound about fifty yards farther away from where Gan hid and watched.
Carefully, she raised her hand. A white cloth fluttered appeal.
A warrior not ten feet from her rose slowly, keeping her body between himself and her companions. They quieted when he revealed himself. He conspicuously put his bow on the ground, but made no move to drop the sword he wore on his hip. It was the short weapon they called a ma, used for fighting afoot. They were as good with it as they were with the deadly sodal. He stood perfectly still while she came to him, waving her flag. Her teeth flashed in a smile. She raised her free hand and shook a scolding finger.
The second figure, another female, rushed to join her, setting off renewed cries from her friends.
The warrior reached for the larger woman with his left hand. His right eased toward the ma. She put her hand on his where it gripped her sleeve and pulled to release herself. The warrior held on, taking a backward step. The smaller woman leaped to grab his arm.
The thunder cracked again. Rocks danced up from beside the warrior’s right foot, and something howled away with a noise that Gan reacted to instinctively by dropping his chin to the ground. He continued to watch, however, and saw the warrior whirl the ma through two glittering slashes. He dove to cover in a shallow depression even as the small woman dropped. The taller one sagged, then rolled backward.
Hollow noises rolled from the bushes. Blossoms of white smoke like huge tufts of cotton sprang up all around where the warrior lay hidden. He leaped to his feet, screaming, beating at a body that suddenly, unbelievably, spouted flame and smoke. Gan bit his fist an instant before the lightning weapon spoke again. The Devil tumbled through the air, lying where he fell. The broken body continued to smoke.
There was no time to dwell on it. The mounted Devils were on hand. Leaving a man to handle the horses, they moved to close on the stranger’s mound farthest from Gan. They meant to eliminate one group at a time. Unless he stopped them.
Distant movement, something out of place, drew his eye. Something moved on a ridge that sloped down from the paralleling hills to the bank of the river. He ignored the cries and sporadic battle sounds to concentrate.
He saw it again, rapid, straight-line movement through the trees, a column of riders moving to the sound of the battle.
The Devils were unaware of them and in no hurry to close with the destructive power of the weapons turned against them. They loosed occasional arrows, backed by obscene promises of how their enemies would die. Gan and Clas both remarked at the discipline of the strangers. They unleashed their power only as often as needed to keep the Devils at bay.
When they came closer, the new arrivals were easily identified. Only Olan cavalry carried such heavy lances or wore conical helmets.
Gan slipped away before Clas could do more than bang his fist on the ground.
He circled wide, running hard. The dogs followed easily, long legs swinging in their deceptively swift, untiring wolf pace. After a while he turned and began a cautious stalk toward the ongoing action. The thrashing of the newly arrived horses led him directly to where they were secured to scrub trees by their reins. The slam of the lightning weapons terrified them, and they pawed the ground and tugged at their restraints. A single guard tried to control them.
Gan ordered the dogs to wait.
He advanced in short rushes until he could launch himself across the last yards in two straining leaps. Warned by some sense of danger, the man turned, eyes widening. A shout of alarm died on the point of the murdat, and then Gan was bounding to free the straining horses. He cut loose ten, letting them flee. He led the remaining five away. Raggar moved automatically to a guard position between Gan and the fight. The other dogs joined him.
Cries in the distance told him how narrowly he’d beaten the arrival of the Olan cavalry.
He tied the horses safely before flinging himself on the ground beside Clas. He was gasping for breath.
Clas punched his shoulder. “Look,” he said, “the Devils are in battle frenzy. They’re taking on the Olans, too. Some of the strangers are caught in the middle and the others are being held in place by only a few—uh!” He stopped with a grunt as one of the strangers sallied from the nearest mound and charged in their direction, away from their other group. As soon as Gan recovered from his surprise, he recognized it as a counterattack, designed to clear an avenue of retreat. It was a brave, risky move, something a fighter would do rather than wait to be picked off. Even Clas was forced to mutter approval.
Warriors rose to shoot arrows. They also appeared to fly before falling to the ground as the lightning blinked from the weapon and the now-familiar thunder roared.
When the tempo of the noise increased so dramatically, warriors from the larger attack party ran toward the activity.
The stranger retreated back into the cover, reappearing leading a second person who was doubled over clutching his stomach. A flurry of arrows from the arriving warriors narrowly missed them.
They ran, every step distancing them from their surrounded friends. The Devils exulted as they gained on them.
More lightning sent the pursuit hurtling for cover. The Devils continued the chase with more caution.
Clas started to rise. Gan restrained him, but he pulled away, saying, “They’re coming right at us. We have to hurry or get caught up in it.”
“We’re going to help them escape.”
“Strangers?”
“There’s no time to argue, Clas. Believe in me. Help me.”
Clas afforded himself a brief groan. His new expression reminded Gan of the odd exchanges that used to pass between him and his father. “How?” he asked resignedly.
“We let the strangers pass and ambush the Devils.”
“There are six of them.”
“By the time they know we’re here, there’ll be fewer.”
“So you say.” He tested his bow.
Obscured by brush, the strangers crashed headlong past on their left. Hurrying to intercept the warriors, Gan and Clas simultaneously spotted the clearing the Devils would have to cross. There was no need for words. They took cover and readied their bows.
The Devils poured into the clearing almost perfectly abreast. The first Dog arrows struck while the next ones whirred toward their targets. Of the pair of warriors who survived, one literally hopped in indecision. Clas ended his quandary with another arrow; Gan’s flew harmlessly wide as the sixth man, more decisive, was already in retreat, crying alarm.
Gan and Clas ran to recover the horses. Raggar hurried to assure himself Gan was all right before he and Cho took guard positions to the rear.
The fight continued to rage behind them as Gan and Clas easily traced the heedless flight of the strangers. A steep slope marked the limit of the flood plain. The undergrowth was heavier at the edge, much thinner uphill. Gan elected to stop just above the thicker belt.
Looking back, they saw the Olan cavalry quartering the far end of the plain, more interested in driving off the remaining Devils than in running them down. Clas growled disappointment at their lack of aggressiveness. It left survivors to pursue the strangers and the stolen horses.
A sapling bearing a white flag poked up from the defended mound. A stranger came out, carrying it in one hand and a slightly different-looking weapon slung over his shoulder. Tucked under the same arm was another object that looked like a black board.
The Olan cavalry troopers moved closer. The flag bearer turned his back on them, trotting to the place where the couple Gan and Clas saved had been hiding. Next he examined the bodies of the fallen women, retrieving their weapons. Then he amazed Gan by running to the Olan leader to tug at his horse, trying to get him to help find the missing pair.
The cavalrymen closed behind him, swords drawn, but the commander ordered them off. The man afoot let go of the horse, gesticulating violently. The Olan indicated the strangers would give up their weapons and come with him.
The man pointed across the river. A Devil there was still holding the original hunting party’s horses. He screamed insults at them. Putting the board-thing on the ground, the stranger raised the weapon to his shoulder, looking along its length. Its roar was the loudest of all, and it made the Olan horses caper like goats. The Devil warrior bucked and crumpled. His horses stormed away.
When the Olans got their mounts back under control, the commander compromised. By sign, he made the man understand his people could keep their weapons, but they were to come with him. The stranger picked up the flat thing and shouted. Five more strangers filed out of the brush and immediately fell into an active discussion that could only have been argument. A cavalryman blew a signal on a brass horn that ended it. He was lowering the instrument before the last notes reached Gan and Clas.
Horses and riders closed around the strangers. The lackadaisical hunt for the surviving Devils broke off, and those troopers galloped to join the main body. The strangers strained to look outside their escort, and two of them actually raised their hands above their heads, waving.
Gan and Clas continued their pursuit of the two they’d saved.
From a hole between a boulder and the base of a towering fir, one of the weapons pointed at them. Clas backed his horse until he was shielded by a tree. “They found a good place to die. Now what?”
Gan looked uncertain. “They understand the white signal. Do you have anything white?”
“No.”
Taking a deep breath, Gan advanced with his three horses in tow. Riding slowly through trees so sparse he might as well have been in the open, he held the lead horses’ reins out to the right, making it clear he was offering them. Cautiously unsheathing his murdat, he held it between thumb and forefinger, pointed at the ground.
He was twenty yards away when he offered the reins, saying, “For you.”
The stranger rose slowly, lowering the front end of the weapon. Gan nearly dropped his murdat. Not only was she obviously a woman, she was black.
He was still blinking disbelief when the man came out. He was unarmed, Gan noted, and pale as frost. His voice was soft, full of hurt.
He stepped forward, open hands raised to shoulder height, wearing a pleading expression that practically invited aggression. He took the reins, mumbling something Gan was sure was gratitude. When he pointed back the way he’d come, the woman agreed emphatically, her words mere babble, but the meaning clear.
Clas spoke from down the hill. “I hear Devils shouting down there.”
Gan touched his ear and pointed toward the sound, and then at the strangers. Slowly, he drew a finger across his throat. He was pleased to see how quickly they grasped his meaning.
The woman spoke sharply, and the man mounted when she did. Her eyes rounded as Clas and the dogs appeared. His response was no less than hers. He stared, dumbstruck. The dogs sniffed suspiciously, keeping their distance.
Neela and Sylah hurried toward them as they reached the camp. After assuring themselves that neither man was hurt, they sprayed questions at them about the strangers, hardly waiting for answers before asking more. With a boldness Gan found downright embarrassing, they inspected these fascinating, exotic travelers. The newcomers remained close to each other, shying from contact when Sylah tested the texture of their clothing and reached to touch the odd, tubelike weapon. Both Sylah and Neela tried to rub color from Tate’s skin, which she accepted with what Gan could only think of as fierce amusement.
Sylah turned from her. “The legends speak of black giants as well as white and yellow ones. I’ve seen dark-skinned people, but never anyone black.”
All agreed it was a marvel.
To Gan, Neela said, “I’m glad you saved them. The story will live forever.” He kept his composure until Sylah favored him with a quiet smile that made his face burn and his stomach move peculiarly. He felt more like a bumbling fool than a warrior.
Clas saved him, reminding everyone that pursuit would be coming fast.
As they organized the column, Clas said the woman should be disarmed. Gan disagreed, and as he was doing so, he noticed that she immediately perceived the subject of the argument. Her reaction impressed him. Without being obvious, she edged between the Dog group and her companion. She never touched her weapon, but she was prepared. Then, when she sensed they weren’t talking about her any longer, she relaxed a bit.
Another possible trouble point threatened as Neela saw how the black woman intrigued Clas. However, when he drifted back to take the rear guard, she immediately feigned disinterest in him. When they were ready to move, Gan dropped back to learn the woman’s name. He shot a glance at Neela. This time she was much more disapproving. She jerked Sunflyer around and flatly refused to look his way. It irritated him that she’d be jealous of Clas but save her censure for him. It was the sort of unfairness his father had practiced. At least Col had a reason for it; Neela was just thoughtless.
He learned the woman called herself Tate and the man was Jones.
The incident slipped from his mind as he led the column north, and he enjoyed a vague sense of accomplishment. There was more to the Tate person than the awful destructiveness of her weapon, he was sure. She was different from anyone he’d ever heard of, and it wasn’t a matter of her color or language or equipment. She gave the impression that she was consciously learning all the time.
She would help him. As he’d told Clas, he knew it.
The man mystified him. He was as different as the woman, but it wasn’t a difference that gave him any sense of comfort.
And what of the six on their way to Ola?
As the waiting mountains grew closer, mile by mile, uncertainty sliced away at his earlier satisfaction.
Eventually the Dog People would have to confront Ola’s dreams of expansion. Would the other six help that kingdom?
He turned to look at the ones he’d saved. What solid, logical reason did he have to expect their help?
His gaze fell on Sylah, then on Neela. Sylah had her own goals; so did Neela. They might help him, but their major effort would be in their own behalf.
And what of Clas? Would his anger over the loss of Col slowly sour in his guts, infect him, turn him against the one responsible?
Gan gritted his teeth. He promised Col he would conquer.
Even as part of him leaned eagerly into the adventure beckoning westward, he realized he was dragging others with him the way a man leads horses. Just as those trusting animals had no idea of the man’s goals, so the people who followed him couldn’t share the clarity of the prophecy that guided him. They could only trust him, were dependent on his judgment. On his prowess.
Unless their own goals took them on their own path.
That could well be the thing that defeated him, his oath, his mother’s prophecy.
He took a deep breath.
He would succeed. He would triumph. He would raise the Dog People to noble prominence. Or die. And if others died as well—or if he died in order for that goal to be achieved—that was merely the price. An empire would be born of it and live on.
The peaks ahead watched him come. His vision swam, and he saw them as white-headed, ancient men with eyes of ice and teeth of stone. He blinked away the image, and told himself it was the west wind, and nothing else, that made him shiver.


The Story Continues
Thank you for reading Escape To Challenge, I hope you enjoyed it. If you would like to continue the journey, the next book in The Moondark Saga is:

WARRIOR’S GAMBLE
Warrior Trilogy Book II
Gan Moondark has saved two of the strangers, Tate and Jones, and together they continue their perilous journey through the Enemy Mountains. As the war between Harbundai and Ola looms, Gan and the strangers must now take their place on the battle lines. 
Conway and the rest of the crèche survivors find themselves guests--or rather prisoners--of Altanar, the cruel king of Ola. Altanar covets the secret of their weapons, hoping to use them against his enemies.

Available now on Smashwords and most online ebook retailers.

Please enjoy this preview:
Chapter 1

Awareness that they’d been riding deeper into Devil country for a week pressed against Gan’s back like a cold hand. He imagined their best Manhunters leading the way after them while the rest of the warriors loped along behind. They were probably hoping he’d have them urge the horses to greater effort. That would only tire the animals, and they had to retain as much strength as possible. If the Devils closed on his party, enough energy for a sprint might be a deciding factor.
He looked to the Priestess, swaying with fatigue in her saddle. Even she might share the danger now. The Devils were more superstitious than religious.
He shook his head. Thoughts of her and thoughts of Neela were clouding his mind. They snared and tangled all others.
At the head of the small column Clas rode with deceptive calm, choosing their route. Gan couldn’t help thinking of the man’s great fall from his proud position to a member of this tiny group split by multiple motivations—some known, some hidden—as well as differing origins.
It made Gan think of leadership as never before. He’d only had a romanticized notion, really. One did right things. Others followed that example. Even when he knew Faldar Yan was challenging his father, he’d never genuinely understood exactly what was taking place. He cursed his childishness. Belatedly, he understood that many people would tolerate evil if they smelled personal advantage.
Clas waited for Gan to ride up alongside. He had stopped at the war crest, the point on a slope that afforded an unobstructed view to the valley floor. The geographical crest was usually ignored or avoided; it provided a scenic outlook but silhouetted a figure for any eyes that cared to see. Clas gestured to the strangers, positioning them where he could watch them while he conferred with Gan. Tate pointed while talking to Jones, almost as if she were explaining the use of the ground to him. It was an unlikely thought, but the strangers were unlikely in all their aspects.
Clas indicated the distance. “If we break east through that scattering of wildcows, they’ll destroy our tracks. As soon as we get into the main part of the herd, we’ll go north again, then cut back west.”
Gan said, “You feel the Devils behind us, too.”
Clas drew a hand across his face. It pulled the skin taut, stretching the tattoo out of shape. The altered features accentuated an air of weariness that Gan knew came more from the mind than the body. Clas nodded and said, “I’ve been thinking of that, and how the Olans attacked them. Why’d they do it? It wasn’t their fight.”
“Think like Bay,” Gan said. “Even if you believed your sister ran away with your enemies, wouldn’t you tell the people you want to be your allies that she was kidnapped? The tribe hunted to the west for us. They must have ridden all the way to that place at the pass summit where everybody trades in the fall. You told me about the big fort there, and all the Olan troops. I’ll bet that’s where Bay or Likat told the Olans that she’d been taken. The Olans don’t want the Devils to get her; she’d be the perfect hostage until Bay could ransom her. Ola wants Bay free to work for Ola, so their cavalry’s ordered to find her. When they run into the fight between the strangers and the Devils, they have to interfere, on the chance Neela’s there. When it’s all over, they have no way of knowing we were in the area. They take the other strangers and leave.”
Clas added, “And we have Devils on our tails. If we don’t get away from them, none of this heavy thinking means anything.” He heeled his horse toward the wildcows at a sharp pace.
As the column moved, Gan mused over how the strangers did their best to move quickly, although it was clear neither of them knew the first thing about riding a horse. They were a mass of contradictions, and Gan wished he had the time—and the language—to speak to them. They were sufficiently relaxed now to exchange a few words, and their speech was unlike anything he’d ever heard. It lacked the clicking nervousness of the Peddlers, and bore no resemblance whatever to the flat drawl of the Olans. There was no trace of the rasping sibilance of the Mountain People, either. He wondered if they might be of the fabled Nions, but doubted that. Every story agreed that Nions were the color of good bronze and their eyes slanted.
He urged his horse forward to get a better look at Tate. Her eyes were different, but not much. She was aware of his scrutiny, he could tell. She refused to turn and acknowledge it, but there was a stiffening in her bearing. He dropped back to his position, disappointed by lack of any Nion slant to her eyes but impressed by her character.
Jones, bouncing along, threatened to tumble out of his saddle. Tate moved to support him. He still looked sickly. Gan was further impressed by the way she cared for him, but puzzled. There was no possible explanation for his being unarmed. More, it was disgraceful for him to accept so much attention when he wasn’t wounded. For a moment he wondered if the stranger might be diseased. The concern passed quickly. The strangers were different, but no one associated with the ill. Whatever outlandish place they came from, they certainly had Healers to deal with that problem.
He tried to imagine sending a warrior on a mission with such a weakling, and almost laughed aloud when he realized he’d granted the woman the status of warrior; he sobered at the recollection of her behind her rock with her weapon pointed at him. It would be a mistake to think of her as anything less, he decided. There were some like that in the tribe, women who managed to be feminine, yet strong. Neela was a good example. Women like her had occasionally risen to Horse or Dog Chief, although they were never allowed in Earth Heart or men’s secret councils. There were several families, though, where the unacknowledged control was a woman.
Neela was a fighter, that was certain. She’d probably never acquire the cunning a woman needed to be a successful leader. Even a man had to have some cunning. A woman who would lead couldn’t hope to survive without a double portion.
He nodded to himself in time with his horse’s stiff-legged progress down the last few yards of steep slope to the valley floor. Looking around, he caught Tate adjusting her weapon on her shoulder. Without the thunder and lightning crashing around it, it was coldly sinister. Its smooth surfaces and joinery were awesome workmanship, but it lacked the heart-feel of a good sword or knife.
Clas led through the wildcows, the animals snorting and tossing their sweeping horns nervously as they trotted out of the path of the riders. Their heavy smell thickened the air. It would help cover their passage. Gan hoped one of the bulls wouldn’t decide to assert his territoriality. The dash for safety would be hard on the horses, for one thing, and it was unlikely the strangers could hang on, for another.
He wondered if he’d made a mistake in seeing them as important.
They left a swath through the animals that pointed out their course as clearly as an arrow on the ground. When they’d traveled approximately a mile, Gan stopped while the rest continued on. When they were a long arrow shot away, he rose to stand in the saddle. Using his whistle and arm signals, he directed Raggar and Cho to positions where they could drive wildcows back across their trail. On order, the dogs charged, enjoying this work. Shara literally danced with excitement, rising on his hind legs to see more clearly. He held fast beside Gan’s horse, though.
When enough wildcows had run across their path to obscure the trail, Gan whistled the dogs back. Clas was already angling north. Looking back, Gan was pleased to see the herd still milling, the agitation of one group affecting another, so the whole valley was alive with activity. Not even a wolf would be able to track through such a mess. He hurried to rejoin the rest.
They continued generally north, not stopping again until late afternoon. Gan took the dogs to inspect their back trail as a precaution. When he returned to report no sign of pursuit, it was long past sundown. Only Raggar’s nose saved him from stumbling about while trying to locate the dark campsite. Clas’ bed of coals in its sunken cookpit was invisible until one stood directly over it.
Everyone else was already asleep. Clas offered up the last of a steaming soup of seasoned dried beef. Gan savored the fiery pepper-and-salt. In one of the bags beside Clas he found the dogs’ dried goat meat.
He imagined continuing such a life, free and unbeholden. It wasn’t the way.
Like the stars above, he had his course.
Wearily, he got to his feet and padded off with the dogs to stand watch.


Chapter 2
Tate woke with a start, squinting directly into the rising sun. Unmoving, she watched the distant figure of the warrior called Gan rise and face that direction, then touch his forehead and heart. She assumed it was a religious gesture, and was certain of it when he muttered what could only be a prayer. He turned to walk back to camp, the dogs materializing to follow. She rolled over just as Jones was waking. She told him what she’d seen, asking, “Could it be vestiges of Catholicism? The Vatican’s certainly east of here. The practice could’ve changed to something like that. It’s as we were saying last night, whatever they speak, it’s got the sound of English—the rhythm and style—even if the words are different.”
“It’s English,” he said. “I guarantee it. It’s nothing like we ever heard, or should have lived to hear, but it’s what happened to our language when the people who spoke it were fragmented and left to re-create the world.”
“This part of it, anyhow,” she amended, and Jones agreed.
“Of course,” he continued, “I’m sure the English spoken in Pennsylvania now is only rudimentarily similar to the English spoken here. They’ve had centuries to create accent and pattern, if not actual dialect.”
“At least we should pick that up fairly easy,” Tate said. “When I think how much we have to learn, it scares me.”
“Watch!” Jones alerted her. “The tattooed one’s getting up.” Clas performed his morning ritual quickly, unaware of their interest.
“See?” Tate said. “That’s what the first one did. It’s some sort of morning prayer.”
Jones said, “In that case, we should watch the woman in the black robes carefully. I have the distinct feeling she’s a religious of some kind.”
“Maybe. Forget the two troopers,” Tate said. “If they’ve got religion, it’s the kind that says you go to heaven for killing bad guys. I’m aching to know how Gan got that wounded shoulder. And what about Clas, him and his square tattoo? I’ll tell you, we had some hard-looking cases in the Corps, but these people make them look like Sunday school teachers. No offense, Pastor.”
“None taken, Donnacee. In fact, I’ve been thinking about what we’ve seen so far. ‘Brooding’ might be a better word.” He flashed a wan smile. “I’m worried sick about our friends, although they seem to have fallen in with a somewhat more advanced culture. They’re certainly not in the company of fugitives, as we clearly are. But the thing that troubles me is that I see no sign of anything but hostility. In fact, every aspect of this world seems hostile.”
Wryly, Tate said, “And that goes for their dogs, too. They look at you like they’re daring you to make a move. The only thing that keeps me from running from them is the way they mind. I swear Gan can make them do anything. The horses, too—the ones they ride, not the ones they stole from the people who attacked us—they’re like an extension of the rider. But those dogs. I never heard of anything like those monsters.”
Jones said, “They look like the pictures of the old Irish wolfhounds.” At Tate’s blank expression, he went on, “There used to be several breeds of giant dogs. People owned cats, too. My parents had a book about it. The Anti-Pet Ordinances eliminated all dogs over fifteen pounds, and all cats. It was when we were just children.”
Tate said, “Someone must have had enough heart to keep this breed alive.”
The remark brought Jones’ head up. “They were useless animals. They ate food needed for people.”
“I read about the debates, Pastor. I wondered then if more people was the answer to an overpopulated world. I still do.”
“Human lives were at stake; they had to be protected. Would you have imposed controls on births? Who would choose who had children? You? Tell me your criteria.”
Angered, Tate lashed back. “I didn’t say I had the answers, Pastor. But take a look around; this is what your nicey-nice got us. Are you really that proud of it?”
“Overpopulation was not the only cause—”
Tate grabbed his shoulder. “Our hosts are watching. It’s not clever to let them see us arguing, okay?”
“You’re right. Sorry. My fault.”
“Equally mine. It’s the stress.”
As if understanding their situation and anxious to forestall trouble, the black-robed woman smiled at Tate, indicating she should accompany herself and the blond girl.
Jones said, “You’d better go along, Donnacee. She’s doing her best to be friendly.”
Dubiously, Tate rose, and he added, “Some things never change. Ladies still have to have company to go to the powder room.” She shook her head in a gesture of tried patience and hurried to catch the others. They seemed a bit uncertain as she joined them, but they were all smiling by the time they made their way around the shoulder of the closest knoll.
When she came back, Jones had rolled up the sleeping bags, but remained in place. She veered off to Clas’ small fire. He’d spitted five birds she guessed to be a kind of partridge, and they were sizzling over the practically smokeless heat as Jones approached. She repressed the urge to call him closer; he settled just far enough away to exclude himself, and it was obvious their hosts resented it. Glancing up, Clas afforded him a flat stare before turning a brief smile her way. He pointed at her, then one of the birds, and rubbed his stomach. Tate grinned broadly before squatting across the fire from him.
He touched his own chest, then pointed at Gan, who was feeding the horses grain, and named him. Next, he pointed back the way they’d come. He drew a finger across his face from the right temple across the forehead to the left eye and down to the cheekbone. Even before he closed his eyes and sagged, she knew he was telling her they’d lost a member of their group. She nodded, and he indicated Gan again, then gestured back the way they’d come.
Okay, she thought; back there. The past? Oh—his father. Then Clas confirmed her guess. The word he used wasn’t exactly son, but it was so close she decided to try an experiment. She pointed at the horizon. “Sun,” she said, getting as close to his sound for son as she could. Then she pointed at Gan and repeated the word.
Clas stiffened, staring hard into her eyes. She knew she dare not break that contact. Suddenly a torrent of words sprang from him. They carried the bite of angry accusation. At the edge of her vision she saw Gan step away from the horses. He moved slowly, with his hand on the hilt of the vicious-looking sword that seemed as much a part of him as his arm.
Tate forced a smile, tried to appear ignorantly innocent. She cursed herself for leaving the wipe lying beside the sleeping bag. She pointed at Gan and Jones. “Son,” she said, then pointed at Clas, repeating it. Then she indicated herself, shaking her head “No son,” she said, and pointed at Sylah and Neela. “No son.”
Clas relaxed slowly. He looked to Gan, said something, and shrugged. When he faced her again he wasn’t smiling, but the tension was draining from his features.
Trying to reinforce what she hoped looked like unconcern, Tate poured water from her canteen to her aluminum cookpot and sat it on the fire. It had taken a long time to get around to sharing each other’s fire, and now that the ice had been broken—albeit not without a bad moment—she was determined to make an impression. She’d seen the way their noses twitched when they got a smell of the combat rations. In a few minutes she had hot water, and she added three packets of freeze-dried coffee crystals, stirred the mix, and offered it to Clas. She got a suspicious look in return, so she took a sip herself. “Not the best I ever had,” she said, keeping her tone light and smiling pleasantly the while, “but hardly worth a look like that, you tattooed rhinoceros. I’m not trying to poison you.”
He took it when it was offered a second time. His eyes lit up and he grinned like a child at the taste. He handed it back with great dignity, managing a covert glance at Gan. Tate took the hint, calling him and extending the pot. He was less impressed. Clas steadfastly and regretfully refused any more.
When Jones finally eased close enough for conversation, she reviewed what had happened for him. “They’re completely unpredictable,” she finished, while they accepted their roasted partridge from Clas. “Brutally direct about their feelings on one hand, and refined as dukes on the other.”
Jones said, “We’re going to have to walk carefully.”
“Maybe more so than either of us guessed. I found out this morning the woman named Sylah’s a nun, or something. That rose on her left shoulder is her rank. I didn’t get the full drift, but unless she’s a lieutenant colonel, I’ve got centuries of seniority on her, so we won’t worry about it. The girl’s name is Neela, and I think she’s under the nun’s personal care, maybe on the way to a convent, or whatever they have now.”
Stopping his tearing at the small bird, Jones said wistfully, “I wonder where the nearest Protestant congregation is? I’m glad we’re not the last humans on earth, but I don’t know how I’ll respond if I find out I’m the last Methodist.”
Tate laughed easily, then fumbled in her pack for a moment, bringing out a salt packet. When she let their hosts taste it and offered it to them before using it herself, the entire party murmured approval. They rationed themselves very carefully, so there were still a few crystals left when it completed the circle back to her. A similar packet of pepper created delighted consternation. They couldn’t get enough of it, sniffing until they sneezed explosively, pouring it into the palms of their hands and licking it off while tears of pleasure glittered in their eyes. When Jones displayed two more packets, they clapped their hands in unabashed delight. Clas even accepted another taste of coffee—in celebration, as Tate put it.
With breakfast out of the way, they mounted up once more. Jones moaned in pain as he struggled aboard, and when the horse tried to bite him, he almost fell off in his efforts to avoid the clicking teeth. Once they were under way, Tate said, “From now on, we study the language as much as they’ll put up with us.”
Jones winced. “Don’t you think we’ll find our way back to the others?”
“We can hope. And work. We start by learning to talk.”
Gan brought up the rear of the column, and he seemed more than simply pleased to have Tate’s company. In fact, she thought, he acted as if he’d been waiting for her. The largest of the three hounds was less forthcoming; he paced threateningly close by for several minutes before Gan noticed him and sent him off to the flank. The dog obeyed immediately, but went with many a look over his shoulder. As they plodded along, she spotted him from time to time, always just as the dog flitted out of sight. The female—her name was Cho, she discovered—and the young male named Shara ignored her.
The first hours went quickly. Tate was overwhelmed by the richness of the land. They wandered past immense herds of longhorned cattle, beasts that made her think of history books and cowboys. There were antelope, as well, delicate animals that watched the party until they judged the range was too close, when they’d snort and slip off with effortless bounds, flashing white powder-puff tails.
The cattle were another story. Once, a territorial bull made a bellowing, bluff charge at them. Tate swiveled the wipe quickly, chambering a boop round. When Gan saw her expression and readiness, he nodded soberly, lowering his head and mimicking the head-tossing rush. Then, in a gesture she was beginning to think was far too common among these people, he drew his finger across his throat.
Even as the significance of that signal made her contemplate her situation, she got another example of the ethic of this world. A subgroup of cattle, grazing far to their right, suddenly broke into a bawling stampede. Tate rose in her stirrups to see a tiger overhaul a yearling calf. They went down together in a swirl of dust, and a pair of half-grown cubs boiled out of the brush that had shielded the female. They clawed and bit at the agonized calf like kittens with a mouse, learning their strength and perfecting their technique.
Turning away, Tate was dumbfounded to see the rest of the herd grazing again, although still occasionally prancing about nervously. The bereft mother cow stood off alone, bellowing in helpless loss.
Of the entire group of savages, only the woman named Sylah spared more than a glance in the direction of the kill, and Tate was sure her interest was only to assure herself the tigers were keeping their distance.
The incident was an insight into more than the harshness of the land. It revealed the core of her new companions.
They understood survival.
They understood predation.
If she and Jones were to survive, learning by itself wouldn’t save them; they must understand.
By noon she’d acquired a vocabulary of several nouns and verbs. She tried them on Sylah, who enjoyed her efforts so much she laughed till she wept. Neela was polite and distant.
The midday meal apparently had no name, nor did breakfast or dinner. When Tate and Jones indicated three meals, the savage party agreed unanimously that this was their custom, but for each event they used the same word. Jones explained. “I guess they don’t differentiate that much—food’s food. Always has been, always will be. Seems to me I remember a Chinese greeting that went, ‘Have you had rice?’ They didn’t have a hello, and as far as they were concerned, when you said rice, that meant eating. Period.”
Tate said, “Speaking of words and meanings reminds me—I believe those longhorns are called ‘wild cow,’ I’m going to do an experiment.” Hands to her head, forefingers extended, she tried to pronounce the word as she heard it from them, with an almost aspirated w, the i hard, and the cow similar to “goo.” Their companions laughed, but they applauded and nodded.
“Beautiful.” She hugged herself in accomplishment. “It’s coming together. We can work out a pronouncing guide between us, and then we’ll be riding high.”
Jones moaned, rubbing his rear. “If it’s all the same to you, I’d rather not ride any which-way. The cowboy’s life is not for me.”
Clas watched and listened with a heavy frown. Turning to Gan, he glowered and spoke rapidly. Gan said something that sounded placating, but Clas ignored him.
Jones smiled ruefully. “They really don’t like me much, you know. They can’t figure me out. I’ll be glad when I can explain that I’m a religious person. They’ll understand that.”
“I’d be careful,” Tate said. “They can be understanding, all right, but I don’t like the look of these people when they’re being tense. You didn’t see them when I made the connection between son and sun. Take it slow, please. Will you do that for me?”
He laughed aloud. “I won’t do anything rash, Donnacee. Goodness, my specialty is keeping others from being rash. It’s my life.”
She accepted the mild rebuke with an understanding smile, but when Gan put an end to the whole thing by saying something that sent his companions moving to break camp, she was pleased to have an excuse to turn away from the anxiety shining out of Jones’ tired eyes.


Chapter 3
As it ever did, the mountain winter mightily resisted the change of seasons. The late storm shrieked in the night. Its winds clawed at the towering firs. When the fiercer gusts howled through the pass, even the squat fort seemed to lean.
Altanar told himself once more that the vibrations were his imagination, only to have the heaviest blow of the storm ram the building with such strength the roof beam groaned complaint.
He clutched both handles of the copper tankard and drained it almost dry. With his head tilted back, his eyes made contact with those of a trooper manning the balcony that circled the room. The man blinked and spun away quickly. Altanar lowered the tankard, letting his gaze linger, mentally daring the man to peek at him again. When he realized the soldier was too cowed to risk another glance, the disappointment fueled his growing irritability. He turned his attention elsewhere, surveyed his surroundings for the hundredth—thousandth?—time.
The fort marked his border with the Dog People. It was two stories tall, with a first floor of fitted rocks crowned by a second level of yard-thick logs cut from the neighboring forest. The top overhung the stone base, and both levels were pierced with tall, narrow weapon ports along their length. The overhang of the second story was similarly slit, so attackers could be engaged from above as well as frontally. Iron-bossed doors of thick, rough timber led outside. They were proof against any man or weapon, save a battering ram. The power of the wind, however, set them to mumbling in their frames.
The design of the place was simple and defensible, and on a night like this even the spacious major room was cozy, what with a huge fireplace blazing away a few yards from the long plank table and benches that were its primary furnishings. Candles gleamed from holders on the walls. The rich mix of burning wax, the tire, and the faint remaining aroma of dinner’s excellent roast would be a perfect atmosphere, Altanar decided, if the accursed wind would give them a moment to enjoy it.
The rest of the building was through the smaller door to Altanar’s right. Beyond it, stairs led to living spaces on the second level. Storage and stables occupied the first. To his left, outside the heavier ironbound door, lay the highland meadow that surrounded the building. Somewhere on the lee side of the fort were the tents the Dog warriors, the captured strangers, and the Olan cavalry shared. Horses wouldn’t eavesdrop, so they were all stabled indoors under the fort’s sleeping rooms.
For a moment he considered sending one of the remaining interior guards to fetch the interesting newcomers with their even more intriguing weapons, but he abandoned the notion quickly. The fewer eyes and ears involved in this meeting, the better.
Altanar wished the strangers were the only reason he’d come to this forsaken outpost. Bay Yan. He repeated the name to himself as he wiped beer suds from his lip. The informant had described him: “A large man, strong as a buffalo bull, and as dangerous. His dead hand is always on his mind. Maybe that’s why there’s more cruelty and cunning in him than any of us ever suspected. Be careful.”
Of course, the information had to be weighed. What was an informant, if not a liar or a traitor?
Usually both.
His witticism pleased him, reestablished his perspective. His evaluation counted. Others could afford to be wrong. Kings must be right. That was why he dealt with informants and people who had the brains of buffalo bulls.
Bay Yan, an ally. It depressed him.
An unsophisticated savage, a man who equated drawing a weapon with drawing a conclusion.
At that moment the double doors to the outside flew open, driven full wide by the force of the wind. They crashed shudderingly against the stone wall, admitting a blast of air that bent the candle flames horizontal and sent sparks from the fireplace roaring, up the chimney.
Only raw shock kept Altanar frozen to his seat and prevented him from embarrassing himself.
Bay Yan stood in the doorway, cloaked in the hide of a prairie bear. The snarling head formed a hood for snow-flecked features.
The moment of fright passed, and Altanar rose gracefully to greet his guest. For the moment, he kept his eyes on the bear head, trying to imagine what the Nion traders would pay for that, alone. He sighed; the coat was worth a fortune. The skill of the Dog People with leather and pelts was legendary, a craft that approached art.
Bay slammed the doors shut, dropping the crossbar to secure them. He walked to join Altanar with a rolling horseman’s gait, sweeping off the cloak with a quick gesture. The inner lining was quilted wool; Altanar knew there would be down under that. For all its attractiveness, it required strength to wear something so heavy.
Even without the hide, the man suggested wildness. Altanar found his close-cropped hair amusing, and the gaudily embroidered wool shirt and the equally garish trousers tucked into knee-high boots were bright enough to endanger the eyes. Nevertheless, he felt no inclination to laugh, even when Bay carelessly flung the outerwear on the table and sat down without taking off his boots and replacing them with indoor slippers, as any civilized person would.
It was the sort of thing he had to expect. He resigned himself to an unending string of similar offenses. Surreptitiously, he sniffed at Bay as he settled himself on the opposite side of the table with his back to the fire. He could never understand their to-do about cleanliness; right now he smelled so strongly of herbs it was easy to imagine him sprouting leaves.
He comforted himself with a glance at his own elegant, efficient clothing. The quilted underwear didn’t show, of course, but he wished it did, the better to show the savage what good construction was. He stroked the outer garment of intricately patterned knitwear executed in understated gray, black and white traditional designs. He wondered what Bay would think of the cream-smooth fur of his own sea otter coat.
Another gust twisted more groans from the timbers. Altanar gulped the remainder of his tankard and called to the captain of the post, who’d come out to stand by the fireplace. “Have the kitchen scut bring beer.”
“Not for me,” Bay said.
Altanar shrugged. “Tell her to bring me both, then.”
There was no need to repeat the order. The woman, mate to one of the soldiers who manned the post, scurried to the table. The Captain accompanied her, hovering nervously as she served.
Yet again the wind struck the building, the most prolonged thrust yet. The Captain raised his eyes to the ceiling. Altanar started, as well, but when he noticed the Captain’s action, he smirked up at him.
“What’s this, Captain? Afraid of a little wind?”
The man stiffened. “No, sir. I was concerned for the King’s safety. And for his guest.”
“Of course.” The sarcasm was unmistakable. From the corner of his eye he watched Bay, and was pleased to catch a faint glimmer of approval. That was the purpose of the whole scene, actually. He wanted to impress his guest, but more than that, he wanted to understand him better, learn what he liked, disliked. Feared. Without understanding, one couldn’t hope to gauge when cooperation would end and betrayal begin.
And it would begin. The trick would be to get as much use as possible out of him beforehand, and dispose of him before he had a chance to do harm.
Altanar decided to give him a display of true authority. He told the Captain, “Empty this place so we can talk.”
The officer stiffened. Altanar looked up, frowning. “Well?”
“Empty, sir? Outside? Now?”
“War Chief Bay Yan and I want to talk; I’m not having simple-minded soldiers listen in so they can bawl their guts out to every whore in the kingdom. Get out!”
The woman put a fist to her mouth and backed away. A ring of white expanded around the Captain’s thinned lips. He swallowed before speaking. “It’s over fifty yards to the tent. The snow—you can’t see—”
Altanar rose slowly to his full height. “One more word, Captain. Just a hesitation, and I’ll have you executed to make your rank available to someone who doesn’t argue. Must I?”
“No, sir.”
“You’re happy to obey me?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Louder, Captain. I want to hear enthusiasm.”
“Yes, sir!”
Altanar dismissed him with a quick head movement and sat down. He took a long draught from his tankard before remembering his guest. “It’s always like that,” he said. “Give them some authority, even if it’s command of a dunghill like this, and they forget who their masters are.”
He ignored Bay’s sage agreement and glowered in silence as the Captain rounded up the interior guard and herded them into the night.
Bay smiled at the Captain’s departing salute. “My men will feel a little less abused when your officer arrives to share the tent with them.” He laughed ponderously. “Even I was a little concerned tonight, and we understand snow better than you westsiders. And what about your prisoners? They didn’t impress me as being very strong people.”
“They won’t be allowed to die. Or leave. Not until I know more about them. My cavalry captain insists their leader killed a Mountain warrior at least five bow shots away, and he did it with thunder and lightning. Either the whole troop was drunk or there’s magic taking place. In either case, we’re going to find out. And use it.”
“Against the Devils.”
Altanar heard the flat challenge in the statement. He reminded himself to keep his temper. Nevertheless, the man had to be kept in his place. He said, “Col Moondark’s escape has created some unexpected problems.”
“Col Moondark is dead. He is disgraced. His son and his friend still hold my sister and your missionary hostage, but what problems can such men cause?”
Altanar almost choked on his beer. He covered his confusion with an elaborate show of sipping more.
Why had his informant failed to tell him of Col Moondark’s death? It was unforgivable. Unless… of course. The man was more clever than he thought. It wouldn’t do for the King of Ola to be unsurprised by everything the new War Chief had to say. It was a good move.
Clever Likat, who scouted ahead for his new War Chief.
He said, “My congratulations. I knew only that he’d fled with Clas na Bale and his son, and kidnapped the women.”
Muscles bunched in Bay Yan’s jaws. “Only? You’re well informed.”
“Don’t be concerned. Troops exchange tales, and I’m informed about what my troops hear. I do not spy on my allies.” Altanar stifled a grin, thinking how Bay Yan would scourge his warriors the following day and how the poor savages would wonder in vain whose gossip brought down such anger on them. It would be amusing to see the arrogant scum hop, even if it was just one of their own cracking the whip.
Bay wrapped his damaged hand protectively in the good one and leaned forward. “The half-breed and Clas na Bale will be dead in days. I promise you.”
“I don’t understand that such men would even try to run away. I hear they’re the sort who die facing forward.” He held up a hand as Bay Yan attempted to interrupt, then went on. “The day after their escape, when your warriors arrived here with the news of what happened, my captain had the good sense to send a rider to me and a search patrol for the escapees.”
Altanar felt obliged to explain how his cavalry troop had heard the sounds of the fight between the strangers and the Mountain hunting party. He covered it quickly, anxious to get back to his main concern.
“Is it possible Gan Moondark will attempt to deal with the Mountain People?”
Bay said, “Not even Gan would try to talk to Devils. Anyhow, he knows nothing of us or our plan. Nor does my sister.”
“I hope so. In the meantime I must maintain the appearance of neutrality. I’m already working to smooth over the incident leading to the capture of those strangers.” Bay frowned, and Altanar rushed on, getting his position stated as rapidly as possible. “Nor can I ask you to move, with the Mountains ready to strike at your flank. Or worse, at the people you leave in camp, almost undefended. I can’t move against Harbundai without your strength beside me. Until we assure ourselves Moondark hasn’t betrayed our plan to the Mountain People, we can’t move.”
“We had an agreement!” Bay levered himself off the bench, leaned threateningly across the table.
Altanar smiled easily. “I’m not breaking it. I am delaying it. And not because of something Ola did, my friend. Remember that.”
“Gan knows nothing! He can’t.”
“The Rose Priestess was in the main camp of the Mountain People before she joined you. She’s shrewd. She may guess our true plan. For now, the Mountains believe I’m working with them to destroy you. Think about them. Between us, you’re by far the better hunter; how will our quarry react if it suspects a trap?”
“Charge like a wounded tiger.” Bay stared at the table and eased to a sitting position. He massaged his scarred wrist. “We’ll be ready for them, but I can’t afford to take losses. Not now, not yet. Would the Priestess tell Gan her suspicions? Her vows…” He gestured uncertainly.
“Priestess or not, she’s a woman, all guile and weakness. However, I have a solution.” He drew the words out, purposely lazy, enjoying playing with Bay’s straining impatience. “They seem to believe they can hide in the country of the Mountain People while they wait for the opportunity to exchange your sister and the Priestess for safety. Now, I pay certain Peddlers to keep me informed of what they see and hear during their travels. With spring coming, those who wintered away from the sea will be traveling to Ola with furs and other trade goods from the interior. I can send Messengers to intercept them and tell them of your search.”
“Messengers.” Bay Yan spat the word. “Any time we see them, we expect trouble. They smell out death.”
The quick irritability confused Altanar. “But you do see them frequently? I mean, if you need to contact me, there won’t be an unacceptable delay? I want the Peddlers to report directly to you.”
“To me?”
“Yes. No one must know I have any interest in them, you, or the Dog People. If we don’t keep the Mountain People lulled, they may fall on you without warning. If that happened, I’d try to assist you, of course.”
“Of course.”
Altanar thought he detected a hint of disbelief in the tone, and scrutinized the face across from him, but continuing anger shielded any other expression. He dismissed the possibility as far too subtle for the man as Bay continued, “How long can you delay the campaign against Harbundai?”
“No later than Summer Day. Once the sun starts moving south, our time will have passed for this year. Why do you ask about delay?”
Bay’s chin rose. His tone turned defensive. “Never think we avoid fighting. Dog warriors can go to war any time. Our people always have supplies hidden. We don’t live our days tied to a plow or a fish net, like you who live on the rain side of the mountains. But honor demands I kill Gan Moondark, and the country of the Mountain People is large, with many places to hide. He could avoid us for a long while.”
“Don’t worry. We’re leaders, working for the future. If we’re forestalled by a year, we’ll simply improve our plans. Do your best, my friend, and never doubt that I’m with you at all times.”
Bay was impressed. He rose heavily. “You are the ally the Dog People have needed. You’ll never regret your confidence in us.” He left for his quarters.
Altanar watched him go, lifting the tankard to his lips, keeping it there until the door to the sleeping area closed. A most enlightening chat, he mused. Lessons about Likat, as well as the new War Chief. One would think he’d fear the redoubtable warrior Clas na Bale, but he clearly worried most about the boy. Revealing.
Now to learn the why of it.
He glanced at the door Bay had passed through, taking another hearty drink. He muttered, “Uncultured brute,” into the tankard’s depths, staring at the fire’s embers. “If I could depend on the accursed Mountains for one instant, you’d be meat for the crows.” He chided himself that talking aloud when alone was the sort of act that triggered many other tongues. He scoffed at the concern; the sound of his own voice was calming, reassuring. And the only other person in the building was Bay, probably snoring his empty head off already. He downed some more beer. “I wonder what would happen if I convinced the Mountains they should raid Harbundai all this summer? Bay Yan’s hotbloods would lose much faith in him, for one thing. Maybe enough to get rid of him. Likat’s much more manageable.” He brooded over that prospect, then rose abruptly, pitching the remaining beer onto the coals. The fire hissed and spat, giving off clouds of steam that smelled of scorched grain and yeast. “No matter what, the escapers have to be killed, and quickly. The more I think about it, the more I dislike the look in Bay’s eye when he speaks of the boy. Something about—what’s his name? Gan has a hold on him.” Again he fell silent, getting up to go around the table and poke at the fire. Very quietly, he resumed his monologue, the words hardly loud enough for him to hear. “If you have prayers, Gan, pray the Mountain People find you first. They’ll kill you. You’d prefer that to having my protectors pry your secrets out of you.”


Chapter 4
“We’ll have to camp nearby for a while,” Clas said. His gesture at the creek was an unnecessary underlining of the reason for stopping. The roaring torrent was grayish-green with the discoloration of meltwater and runoff. Its banks were cluttered with brush, and where the course of the creek bent sharply, entire trees were wedged into rock traps that held them fast. The party was a good fifty yards from the stream and a hundred feet above it. The sound was awesome. Gan dismounted and was immediately aware of an insistent tremor in the earth. Where the water was shallow, he saw erratic, almost hidden, movement below the surface and it took him several seconds of puzzled observation before realizing the stream bed itself, ranging from pebbles to boulders, was a moving mass, grinding downhill. Spring rain and thawing snowpack had created an irresistible force.
Gan remounted. “The passes are probably under watch, anyhow,” he said. “We need rest.”
Sylah said, “Is this what the Mountain People call Two Bear Creek?”
Clas nodded, surprised. “I think so. You know of it?”
She explained. “A Messenger told me of passes he uses to avoid the Mountain People. I think at least one of them would be unguarded.”
“Could you find one?”
“There are three, north of us. I think I could find all of them.”
He smiled approval, then led the way back over the ridge to the slope away from the creek. As they dropped below the crest, the noise subsided dramatically. The vibration was much reduced, as well. Gan continued to walk, leading his horse, and he was pleased when the trembling finally disappeared. He didn’t like the way it plucked at him; it made him think of whispered conversations.
They busied themselves with the routine of setting up camp. The strangers were part of the activity by then, even using a few words intelligibly. Tate watched everyone else as she carried out her chores, moving quickly to help as soon as she understood what was needed. Somehow, she and Sylah communicated well, laughing together in easy friendship. Even Neela showed moments of warmth toward her.
Gan moved away to cut a sapling for a lean-to rooftree, grinning to himself. He’d asked Clas directly if he was interested in the black woman, and Clas had nearly laughed himself out of the saddle. When he calmed down, he confessed a great curiosity; she seemed to have a sense of tactics, he said, and he’d noticed she rode trail-wise, watchful as a warrior, although she sat her horse with the grace of a bundle of sticks.
Gan trimmed the last branches from the trunk, carrying it to the shelter site. The pole was lashed to two trees, and from the juncture of each end a side pole was angled to the ground. The wedge-shaped shelter went up quickly, roofed with blankets that were then thatched with boughs. The latter were selected from trees and shrubs at a distance from the campsite in order to avoid noticeable stripping of nearby trees. They made two such structures, complete with interior firepits.
With the shelters completed, the women went to collect more boughs and needles for bedding. Gan took Jones to look for firewood. They crossed the ridge and dropped down to the riverbank. Driftwood required no chopping and was free of sap, if one picked properly. By the time they returned, spitted wildcow steaks dripped fat in the flames of the evening cooking fire. A breeze dispersed the smoke well, but when Gan walked downwind, the smell of the camp and its cooking was thick for a hundred yards. He moved on a bit farther for his watch position and turned slowly, marking those things that would give him bearings in the darkness.
When he arrived back at the lean-to, Sylah was in earnest conversation with Clas, scratching in the dirt with a stick, describing the routes to the passes. Gan listened to the river, telling himself it would be at least two days before they’d chance crossing. Unless, of course, they were discovered. If that happened, the river might prove the least dangerous enemy.
Clas called him over closer to listen to what the Priestess was saying. They squatted on each side of her, frowning down at her sketches until Clas had to smile, thinking of children being taught. Tate drifted closer, keeping a discreet distance but making no effort to hide her interest.
Clas’ unexpected chuckle broke into his thoughts. Gan looked up to see Neela had joined them and he’d missed an exchange between those two. Again, resentment burned in him. Was Clas so blind he couldn’t see Sylah already hanging on his every word? Ever since their first ride out of the Dog camp, the time Clas found the sign of Devil scouts, she’d watched him. Covertly. Quick, soft glances when she thought no one else was looking. Why wouldn’t Clas pay more attention to her? She was beautiful. Different. Why must he go out of his way to charm Neela, as well?
As quickly as those thoughts crowded his mind, so did the feeling of self-degradation. He told himself he was misjudging Clas. He was misjudging all of them. The hurt lingered, nevertheless.
Neela’s fleeting smile for him only aggravated the situation. He seethed with complex, contradictory feelings: fear of disloyalty warred with a vague sense of betrayal; anger over her attention to Clas clashed with his need for approval and affection from both of them.
Now, of all times, he had to be clear about everything.
He welcomed the return of Sylah’s lecturing voice. She continued right through the evening meal, which was brought to them by Neela and Jones. She repetitiously described routes and landmarks until the food was eaten and the dogs were crunching the steak bones. Gan made her ask questions, and they took turns answering until each could sketch the necessary map. When she reached into her saddlebag and flourished a north-needle, they explained politely they had no use for it. Actually, they were offended. The session broke up soon after.
As he made his way to his post, Gan followed the ridge paralleling the stream. He decided he could afford to sleep for the first hour. The dogs would remain alert.
His conscience warned him he was being derelict, and for a while he almost convinced himself that was the reason he couldn’t sleep. He shifted his position, getting away from a rock pressing between his shoulders. The stars were bright flecks that appeared and disappeared randomly as a gusting breeze moved the fir branches. A small owl, the one called the darksinger, quavered up and down through its call. He remembered how his people said it cried so sadly because it read the true heart of sleeping humans, and despaired. It was children’s talk, of course. Nevertheless, he sat up.
Raggar’s head rose in quick interest as his master spoke. “The man’s my friend, more important to me than my own blood.” Raggar responded to the tone by leaning away warily, but when Gan stood up and threw a stick into the trees, the dog unobtrusively got to his feet and found a more comfortable distance for his watch position.


Chapter 5
The rains came again in the morning. The wind was no factor, working only hard enough to slowly muscle the clouds along, west to east. It was what Gan’s people called a buffalo sky, a mass of dark, rounded forms that jostled shoulder to shoulder.
His morning ritual accomplished, he whistled in the dogs, watching the scene above him while he waited for them. He wondered if rain fell on the camp of the Dog People, and who manned his Nightwatch post, and if the man was careful.
For a moment he was very homesick.
The return of the dogs from their last sweep of the area brought him back to the necessities of the moment. Shara trailed Raggar, holding place off the larger dog’s right hip, while Cho trotted easily by his shoulder on the other side. It was apparent the pup was still no more than a burden in Raggar’s view, and Gan would have sworn Raggar looked exasperated as he padded up the hill. Shara wagged his tail, but made no move to pass Raggar, which was good. It meant the young one was learning. Raggar set the example in all things, including how to get one’s ears rubbed without appearing to be eager about it. Gan greeted and petted them in proper sequence.
Raggar affected great unconcern. Gan smiled at the pure fraud of it. He knew if he touched either of the others first, the gray hound’s eyes would follow him with dignified reproach until he was satisfied Gan had made the necessary amends.
On the way back to camp he reflected that Shara was learning well. There had been almost no time to work on the pup’s training, but he seemed to understand what was wanted, and Raggar was certainly quick enough to let him know when he failed to comply. Still, there was pride in the pup. Gan was sure no other dog would ever be allowed to discipline Shara as Raggar did. Sometimes he wondered if they’d ever seriously fight for dominance. As for Cho, she did her work without fuss. Her quiet strength was a blessing, a reassurance on those occasions when the two males were being stiff-legged with each other. After a quick meal of leftover steak and some soup, Gan went with Clas and Tate to inspect the river. There was no change.
With another day to spend, Gan decided to put the time to use. Signing Tate to follow, he led the way back to the lean-to where he rummaged in his baggage until he located the bundle of twenty sticks. As soon as she saw them she pointed at the bow, then pulled an imaginary arrow. Gan nodded and felt around until he located the small glue pot and the leather packet of hawk feathers. There was a separate, smaller bundle in with them.
Tate took one of the shafts and examined it, then sighted its length, following that with a second, then a third, all the while looking more puzzled. Turning back to Gan, she held a shaft at both ends with her fingertips, rotating it rapidly. She looked a silent question.
Gan pointed out the saw marks at the ends of the shaft, then indicated additional lengths, now missing, where pins had held the rough wood. He mimed the action of a man working at a foot-powered lathe. Tate smiled, nodding understanding.
Next, Gan tied a rock to a piece of cord, then hung it from the end of one of the blanks while he held it with his fingertips at the other end. In a few minutes he had a half-dozen that bent equally under the weight of the rock. Again, Tate looked puzzled, so he patiently demonstrated how a released arrow bends under the impetus from the string. Accuracy required shafts that shared the same bending characteristics.
Taking the hawk feathers out of the leather packet, he selected the one he intended to use, splitting it along the length of its quill with an obsidian chip. From half of each long feather he cut three arrow guides of exactly the same size. It took several arm-waving attempts to make her understand that using pieces of the same feather assured the identical curvature necessary for equal spin rate.
Fixing the guides to the shaft was a painstaking process. Gan smeared the quills with glue from the pot, smiling at her reaction to the stinking mess. He attached the feathers, then swung the arrow over the heat of the fire to set the glue quickly. He chanted the appropriate blood prayer, pleased to see her grow very serious and straighten perceptibly. For a moment he thought he saw a twinge of fear, but decided she was only being respectful.
As soon as the glue was set, he went to his gear again and returned with six new steel heads.
She seemed very excited by them, which made no sense to him. Their own weapons were obviously of steel, and made by a very accomplished smith; why would she be so intrigued by something as plain as arrowheads?
After painting the unfeathered end of a shaft with glue, he forced the hollow cylinder at the butt of an arrowhead over it. While that was setting, he showed her the lightly oiled sawdust at the bottom of his otter hide quiver. The arrows rested head down in the sawdust, which kept the heads from rubbing and dulling each other. The oil prevented rust.
Laying out the arrows to dry fully, he said good night, making a joke of his odd hours. Tate knew the conventional phrase for “good night” quite well, but there was just enough confusion, considering the time of day, to create a comical pause. She made a face at him, and he laughed, feeling a bit closer to her for the exchange.
Jones was waiting when she came out. He fell in beside her, and they strolled aimlessly. She made conversation by telling him what she’d just seen. It was clear, however, that his thoughts were elsewhere. She waited for him to bring it up at his own pace.
He looked around nervously, making sure they were well clear of any listeners, before saying, “This is the first time I’ve felt free to talk. They frown and growl if you talk while we’re riding, and by the time we stop, I’m exhausted. This nervous stomach…” He made a helpless gesture. “This isn’t the sort of life I was intended for, I’m afraid. Not exactly urban academic. Have you figured out what they’re running from?”
“Not a clue.” She shook her head. “I’m just glad they saved us from that other bunch. I get the feeling they’re not usually this hospitable.” At Jones’ stare, she went on. “I can’t pin it down. Sylah’s helpful with language, and she’s got so much interest in naming parts of the body, I have to think she’s some sort of doctor, or something. The girl’s all right, but she can be a snotty little twit when she remembers to work at it. She’s got a crush on Clas.”
“You’re sure? How can you know that?”
She gave him a sideways smile. “It goes like this. I see him look at me, okay? Then I see her looking at him looking at me, and I know she’s jealous from the tips of her nifty leather headband right down to her fancy beaded booties.”
“I saw him watching you, too.”
“Curiosity. He can’t see either of us as women. Sylah’s got him wired. Which means Gan’s moon-eyes for Neela may work out yet.”
“Oh, God.” He lowered his head to his hands, shaking it slowly.
Tate said, “Nothing we can do but keep low. What’ve you noticed while I was checking out everyone’s love life?”
“Contradictions! You tell me their arrow shafts are turned on a lathe, but the points are hand-forged. Nevertheless, they’re made of excellent steel. The cast head Falconer found by the river was bronze. The cavalry we saw wore helmets and armor. I’m beginning to think we’re seeing the mutated cultures we wondered about in the cave. The people we’re with have made a total adaptation to nomadism. The cavalry has to represent a more complex, civilized culture.”
“I thought the same thing. About their cultural development, I mean. Everyone I’ve seen looks physically normal. By our standards. But they sure don’t know what to think of a black person.”
“Survivor bands would have bred out any minority racial characteristics.”
“They eliminated them somehow, that’s for sure.” When he turned, she was waiting with a thin smile. She went on, “Do you see anything in these people that’s not solid white genes? Do you?”
“The minorities were absorbed, that’s all.”
“Sure. All I know is, you can joke about being the last Methodist on earth, but I may be the only black person on this continent.”
He smiled, attempting to be placating, and was spreading his hands to answer when she pushed her face within inches of his, eyes blazing. “Don’t you dismiss me! Don’t you ever condescend to me! I don’t take that from anyone!”
He inched back, very slowly. “I was going to point out we’re both minorities here. Your color may even give you an advantage. Your military skills certainly do.”
The glare broke as suddenly and unpredictably as the collapse of a wall. The glass-hard eyes were overrun with tears. Even through sobs, her admission rang with angry strength. “Damn it, Pastor, I’m scared!”
“So am I, Donnacee. It’s only norm—”
“Shut up! I don’t want your damned niceness, can you understand that? Just listen to me.” She pulled an olive-green handkerchief from her trousers pocket and dabbed at her face. In a few seconds she was back in control. She said, “I thought I knew all about being afraid, thought I’d beaten it. I lied about the cry program. Cheated. They said it was dangerous, but I asked around, you know? And they said it didn’t hurt.” She paused, wrapping the handkerchief around her hand in an unending coil. “I figured I was committing suicide. We all knew we were going to die in the war, didn’t we? And going to sleep beat hell out of being fried or puking your guts out from some bug no one ever heard of. So everybody said I was a hero, and I let them say it. Why not? Now I’m here, and they really are dead, and there’s nothing I can do. Except I don’t want to die. Not anymore. Not again.”
He gently led her downhill until they were on a huge boulder overlooking the raging creek. Only when they’d been there for several minutes did he start talking. “I believe you believe what you said back then. Still, deep down, I think you meant to survive. Remember, I came out of a crèche, too. All of us feel some guilt.”
Something in his tone brought her head around, speculating. He half smiled. “We’re going to have a positive influence here. Contribute to a second chance. I’m sure of it.”
“You sound like Colonel Falconer. Or Madge Mazzoli.”
“I suppose I do. But think about it. We know exactly what’ll happen if the world goes the way it did before.”
They were halfway back to camp when Clas hailed them. He gestured for her to get her weapon, but at the quick consternation he created, he only smiled and mimed eating.
“Wow.” Tate’s tension drained away in the single word. “He wants to go hunting. For a second I thought that other crowd had caught up to us.”
Jones said, “So did I,” hurrying to keep up. She took two magazines for the wipe. As she checked the action of the piece and her equipment, she spoke with an attempt at casualness that just missed its mark. “I hope you’re right about us, Pastor. We have to step lightly, though. Don’t do something that’ll get me left here alone, you hear?”
“No fear. And we’ll be with our friends soon. Things’ll look better then.”
Her departing smile was quick, the need for physical release hurrying her.
As soon as they were mounted, Clas set a fast pace for the valley floor. Within minutes Tate regretted being included. Riding at a walk had given her some time to get used to horseback, but she was still tender, and the jarring downhill trot was excruciating. At the valley floor, when he indicated they were to dismount, she had to stifle groans.
Clas pointed out an unsuspecting herd of about twenty wildcows no more than fifty yards away. She raised the wipe. He caught it. Shaking the weapon, then touching his ear, he indicated the hills around them and pantomimed others listening.
Tate’s mouth was suddenly dry.
On all fours, she crawled along with him as quietly as possible, doing well enough to draw only a few sour glances. They were within twenty yards, she estimated, when Clas inched up to a shooting position. The nervous cattle sensed a predator. The bull, his coat a striking pattern of white splotches on red, circled the cows, nose raised to test the wind. Every few steps he paused to paw the ground. One old cow, her back scarred and one ear reduced to tatters, snorted angrily and searched the brush.
Clas’ arrow struck a yearling perfectly, just behind a shoulder, angling forward. The animal bawled and leaped, but even as it started running, the second arrow struck.
Tate was ready to give chase, but Clas stopped her, gesturing animatedly at the bull. It lagged behind the fleeing herd, looking back. As if on cue, it spotted them. With astonishing agility for something so large, it whirled and charged. The closest protection was an old apple tree. They sprinted for it, scrambling up into the branches like monkeys. Sitting there, making faces at the raging bull, Tate changed her mind about the monkey imagery. Monkeys would have better sense.
When it was satisfied they weren’t coming down, the bull trotted off, tossing his head.
Tate was surprised to realize how the excitement of the hunt absorbed her. She’d been hunting once before, and it had left her cold. Now she scrambled through the brush, sweating, dirty, eager to find the quarry before Clas, who clearly enjoyed watching her excitement. When they did locate the animal, she suffered a severe setback when it became clear they had to butcher it to transport it. Swallowing hard, she let him show her the best way to create manageable portions.
That done, he demonstrated how to lash the load to a horse so it was properly secured and in balance. Tate was sure she’d seen almost exactly the same thing before, and suddenly the picture was clear in her mind.
In an old textbook, one dealing with mountain warfare, there had been a picture of a man loading a packhorse. The lashing holding the equipment was called a diamond hitch. This was identical. For a moment the juxtaposition of something from her world into this world threatened to overwhelm her.
From the corner of an eye trying to mist over, she saw Clas’ gesture. She went to retrieve the bow and its quiver of arrows from where it rested. On the way past her own horse, she stuck the wipe into the murdat scabbard they’d adjusted to fit it. She turned when she heard Clas’ horse whinny, and was just in time to see it gallop off. At the same time, her own horse bolted, nearly knocking her down. Struggling to retain her balance, her only thought was of the lost wipe. Literally sick with loss, she twisted around to call Clas.
Between them a bear rose on its hind legs, so massive she froze in stunned terror.
It was concentrating on Clas, who was struggling to hold onto the packhorse. His back was to the bear. He was totally unaware of its presence. The horse, already giving Clas trouble because of the smell of the cow’s blood, had a clear view of the threat. It screamed, bucking wildly, sending meat flying in all directions. The lunge that finally broke it free pulled Clas off his feet, spun him around and dropped him in a sitting position facing the bear.
Daggerlike claws on its waving forelegs glinted. The runaway hoofbeats faded. Then the bear growled.
Motionless except for his eyes, Clas sought Tate. Seeing her empty-handed, his face sagged to disappointed resignation. He moved to draw his shortknife, the hand creeping toward it with infinite slowness.
The three of them formed an irregular triangle. To reach the bow and arrows in a direct line, Tate would actually shorten the distance between herself and the bear. Relying on its interest in Clas, she essayed a tentative step.
The movement gained the bear’s attention. When it turned her way, she saw the broken stub of an arrow protruding from its jaw. The entire area was a suppurating wound. The way the tongue lolled out of its mouth, she was sure it was unable to swallow. Maddened by pain and thirst, it wanted revenge on anything and everything.
Swiftly, threatening, it moved to intercept her. When she stopped again, it immediately swung its head back to Clas. It was as if the animal knew which opponent would be most effective. It was in no hurry. It meant to deal with them in order.
* * *
The story continues in chapter 6 of Warrior’s Gamble, the second book of the Moondark Saga, available now on Smashwords and most online ebook retailers.


Dedication
To the best of us—Tim, Conn, and Mark,
with love.


About The Author
Don McQuinn is an American best-selling author and retired U.S. Marine. He was born in Winthrop, Massachusetts, and lived in several places before moving to Texas in his youth. Don graduated from Galena Park High School, and after a year of military school in Minnesota he won a USNROTC scholarship to the University of Washington.
After graduating with a BA in English, Don served twenty years in the Marines—retiring in 1971 as a Major—before becoming an author. His books have won major awards and been on bestseller lists, and he's written in genres that range from contemporary women's fiction to science fiction. He lives in the beautiful Pacific Northwest with his wife and three grown sons.


Contact Information
Email Don at:
info@DonMcQuinn.com

Contact Don and follow his Blog:
www.DonMcQuinn.com

Follow Don on Twitter:
Twitter.com/DonMcQuinn

Like the Moondark Saga on Facebook:
Facebook.com/MoondarkSaga


Table of Contents
Map
The Story Continues
Dedication
About The Author
Contact Information
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27

