Ted Lives
A Coming of Age Story.
(With Zombies)
By Greg Apgar

Text Copyright 2013
Gregory P. Apgar
Smashwords Edition
All Rights Reserved.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue

Ted lives in a world of crumbling asphalt. A world where trees have begun to sprout in the middle of suburban driveways and sidewalks.
Ted lives in a world of peeling paint and grimy windows, of rusting cars and tall grass. Where perfectly trimmed lawns once were, nature is reclaiming what is rightfully hers. In time, this suburban ghost town will again become a forest that may stand for a thousand years. It is already clear to see how little man has left to show for himself. We barely scratched the surface.
Ted is the only person living in his world of desolation. Ted is the unchallenged ruler of his domain. He roams the streets of his small town like a living god. He goes where he wants, he does what he wants and he takes what he wants. There is no one to tell him otherwise.
All of this freedom comes at a heavy price, however. Ted lives in a world of infinite loneliness. In the beginning, the novelty of his situation held a certain fascination. He had a chance to discover his town as no one else ever had. Some things he found were amazing; some were not pleasant to see. Some were downright horrifying, but he saw them all nonetheless. But without someone else to share in this discovery, it was all meaningless.
Ted has not heard another human voice in over a year. At this point, he longs to find any other human. He would welcome the arrival of even an enemy, determined to do him harm. None has come.
Ted's situation would be enough to drive almost anyone insane. But it is made immeasurably worse by one simple fact:

Ted is not alone.

Therefore is light given to him that is in misery and life unto the bitter in soul;
Who long for death, but it comes not; and dig for it more than for hidden treasures;

Job 3:20-21

Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
Chapter Twenty Two

Chapter One
Awakening

Theodore Powers woke with a start. It was the same nightmare as always. Or was it? Ted wasn't sure that it was even a nightmare at all. Nightmares are like any other dreams, creations of subconscious imagination. This was something altogether different.
This terror haunted Ted's nights. It was as wild and graphic as any nightmare, a bizarre jumble of terrifying images and sensations, but it was much more real than a dream. This was something hardwired into his brain. It felt more like a subconscious memory than a figment of his imagination. It was impossible for him to tell, because there were so many vital details of his recent past that he could not remember. 
There was one thing that Ted was sure of: It seemed that this recurring horror was growing ever more vivid with each passing night and yet he never got any closer to revealing the mystery of his past.
The light, slanting in through the basement windows, told him that the sun was well up above the horizon. The blue plastic tarp draped over the family room sofa crackled as he rolled over to face another day. Crawling out of his sleeping bag and swinging his feet onto the floor, Ted came face to face with the images of his family members in the photos on the coffee table. They were lined up like a rank in a military formation, quietly waiting for inspection. These pictures were the only reminders of his family that Ted had left. After rubbing his eyes and blinking in the bright morning light, he took a moment to study each face. 
There was his parents' wedding photo. Ted couldn't remember them ever being so young, but they had never stopped looking as happy together as they did in that photo. His younger brother, Arthur, grinned out from another photo. He was drenched from head to toe after a flume ride at an amusement park. His older sister Lauren stood in her cap and gown in her graduation photo. Ted could remember that day. He and Arthur and their parents sat on the bleachers in a gymnasium with no air conditioning and roasted for two hours while endless lists of awards and scholarships were read aloud. Their family had little to complain about, however, because Lauren's list was longer than anyone else's in her graduating class. Ted could clearly remember how proud his parents had been that day. It was hard to believe Lauren would have been graduating from college this year. Her college campus, however, was probably a ghost town now, like the rest of the planet.

A little more than a year ago, Ted emerged from a coma to find himself utterly alone in the world. When he had slipped into unconsciousness a few days earlier, he was surrounded by (most of) the people he loved. He was caught in the throes of the worst infection the world had ever seen. He had faced certain death but, through some inexplicable miracle, had emerged on the other side, apparently little the worse for wear. His family, on the other hand, had simply disappeared. 
Everyone else on the planet seemed to have vanished as well. When he awoke, alone, the thought crossed his mind that he might have, in fact, died. This notion, however, was quickly dispelled by the harsh reality he faced. He found himself left with only memories, but eventually even those started to fade away. After just a few short weeks of solitude, Ted had been dismayed to find that it was becoming more and more difficult to remember the little details of each of his family members. He began searching the house for their photos. It wasn't as easy as one might expect. Most of the family's photos were permanently entombed in the paralyzed memories of various electronic devices around the house. Some of the best photos had made it onto paper and were framed already, but as he combed through the various rooms in the house, more began to surface. 
Some, like the clippings from the local paper recounting Arthur's soccer exploits, he tacked to the bulletin board in the family room. Other, more personal, photos deserved framing. Whenever he was on a scrounging run and found some nice frames in a house, he would remove the photos and place them where they had been, so if anyone came looking for them they would be easy to find. Unfortunately, it was becoming more obvious with each passing day that no one would be coming for any of them.

Satisfied that his memory had been sufficiently refreshed, it was time to get moving and start the day. He pulled on a t-shirt and shorts and shoved his feet into an almost-new pair of sneakers. Just a couple of years earlier, movies portraying life in a post-apocalyptic world had been quite popular. They usually showed hordes of desperate survivors fighting to the death for the most basic of everyday needs. Ted's post-apocalyptic world couldn't have been more different than those depictions. In his world, there wasn’t anyone to compete with and anything he could possibly want was only as far away as the nearest shattered storefront. Well, almost anything. The thing he wanted most, couldn’t be found in any store.
The relative solitude of Ted's life had its own disadvantages. He was painfully lonely. His family's photos and the company from his dull-eyed neighbors were little compensation for the complete absence of human contact. After so long alone, Ted would have been delighted to see any other human face, even if it was hell-bent on stealing his sneakers.
Quietly, Ted shuffled around the perimeter of the basement and peered out of each narrow window, confirming that his house was surrounded by nothing more menacing than a picture-perfect late summer morning. The frames of the basement windows seemed quite ordinary and they were, but the panes of “glass” were actually quarter-inch thick pieces of polycarbonate. Set into the standard steel frames, the plates of impact-resistant polymer were all-but bulletproof. They would certainly safeguard against scratching fingers and gnashing teeth.
These windows were one of many ingenious upgrades that Ted's father had built into their house as a precautionary measure. He couldn’t possibly have known exactly what was going to happen, but he suspected that bad times were coming.
Through the window under the front porch, Ted could see that Mr. Hoover was still sitting on the edge of his porch across the street. Ted glanced down at the Rolex Milgauss on his left wrist and then at the circled dates on the calendar page tacked to the bulletin board. Ted's Dad had had the foresight to print out about ten years’ worth of calendar pages and store them with the rest of what he had innocently referred to as “the zombie supplies.”
Ted came to the conclusion that three weeks had passed since Mr. Hoover had sat down. The old man seemed to be winding down like a neglected clock. You could almost imagine that he had already passed on, but close scrutiny showed almost imperceptible movement as his eyes slowly scanned the street with something like hope. Hope, however, implies a capacity for emotion, which neither Mr. Hoover nor any of the other zombies had.

I guess you were probably wondering when I would come right out and say it? I was planning on getting a bit further on in the tale of our hero before I used the “Z” word, but now seems as good a time as any. I suppose an explanation is in order as well. When I say zombies, I'm not speaking of classic movie zombies. These were not former cadavers, summoned from the grave by some voodoo priestess. Nor were they prompted to rise from the dead by radiation from a falling satellite. The zombies in Ted's world were nothing more than the pale shadows of people unfortunate enough to have become infected by the worst disease mankind has ever known.
The Black Death was like a common cold season in comparison to this. The bubonic plague had an untreated mortality rate somewhere around ninety percent. When all was said and done, it had reduced the population of the Old World by something like forty to fifty percent. According to Ted's crude calculations, this pandemic was much worse. As far as he could tell, he was the only one out of about four thousand people in his town to have survived. He'd had no outside human contact in over a year either. There had been between three hundred and four hundred million people in the United States alone when this modern plague hit. You can do the math.
Many were still not dead, not in the literal sense, but those remaining were all terminally infected down to the last man, woman and child. In the weeks after the outbreak, as the healthy population was quickly dwindling, many names were tossed around in an attempt to label the afflicted. “Zombie” was one of the least technical, but probably the most popular. It seemed quite accurate as well.
The behavior of the infected population certainly conformed to the zombie paradigm. They spent an immoderate amount of their time trying to infect the rest of the population, usually by chewing on them. Never before in the history of the world has there been a segment of the population that could so accurately be labeled as zombies. Many people, however, couldn't bring themselves to use such a frank and perhaps even vulgar, word to refer to their infected loved ones.
I have no horse in this race. These poor unfortunates are truly pitiful, but I didn't know any of them. For the sake of clarity and to avoid any ambiguity, I will (almost) always use the word ZOMBIE.
In Ted's world, “living” came in various shades of gray, but the difference between life and death was still black and white. Zombies are not the “living dead” in the most technical sense of the phrase. Thankfully, in Ted's world, dead is still very much dead. Zombies can be very difficult to kill, but there are no silver bullets for them. Regular bullets, when applied with precision, work just fine.

When Ted had satisfied himself that all was well outdoors, he turned his attention to making preparations for his day. The walls of the basement family room were almost completely lined with wooden shelves that his father had built. Ted went to one of these now to gather his things. He retrieved his asthma inhaler and slipped it into his front pocket, but passed over his glasses. He hadn't used either in a long time, but the inhaler was like a security blanket he couldn't let go of. He grabbed a small folding knife and a disposable butane lighter and some other incidentals and stuffed them into his pockets as well. From a hook on the corner of the shelves, hung a military pistol belt. Dangling from the belt were an empty pistol holster and a leather sheath containing a long slender dagger. He took down the belt and buckled it around his waist.
Ted turned, scanning the other shelves for anything he might have missed. Not a single one was empty. Some held rows of books. Some were filled with new shoes and clothing with price tags still hanging from them. There were some covered with camping and survival supplies. One shelf held four Coleman lanterns and the rest of the space was occupied by cans of fuel to keep them lit.
Most of the shelves, however, held non-perishable food items. Some sagged under the weight of hundreds of cans. Ted had had to fashion wooden braces to support the middle of some of these shelves. He had learned, late one night, why heavy things like cans go down near the floor. When the shelf let go, he thought that the house was coming down on top of him. The cleanup the next morning hadn't been fun either.
Around the periphery of the room on the floor stood plastic storage bins. They were the kind with snap-on lids. These bins came in many varieties and were available at most large retail stores, but not all were created equal. It didn't take long for Ted to figure out which bins had the best seals. He kept most of his dry foods in these and if the lids didn't snap on tightly, humidity and insects quickly destroyed the contents. This was a direct result of Ted's subterranean lifestyle. It was inconvenient in some ways, but he just couldn't afford to keep himself, or his supplies, above ground.
Ted didn't see anything he'd forgotten. He felt pretty well prepared to emerge from his burrow. It was time to go up to the kitchen for breakfast.

Chapter Two
A Visitor

Ted crept up the stairs to the steel security door separating the basement family room from the rest of the house. His hand went instinctively to the first deadbolt as he rose up on tiptoes to peer through the peephole in the center of the door. He was about to turn the second bolt when his hand froze on the knob.
Ted had detected an odor that made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. He couldn't identify it. He knew that the smell was very familiar, but he just couldn't put his finger on it.
In addition to the smell, there was something very wrong in the fish-eye view of the kitchen that showed through the tiny lens in the peephole. What was it? Finally, it hit him. While there should have been three chairs around the kitchen table, now there were only two. Wasn't there a little too much light coming from the direction of the kitchen door also? Maybe the light was just his imagination, but the chairs were a dead giveaway. Silently, he reset the first deadbolt and carefully backed down the stairs.
Ted backed himself into a corner of the foundation wall where he was sure that he couldn't be spotted through any of the windows and sat down on a bucket of rice. He waited for something, not really sure what that might be, in the dim light of the family room for what seemed like an eternity. As the patches of sunlight slowly slid down the wall and across the carpet, no shadow passed through them. Barely breathing and straining to hear the faintest sound, Ted started to feel as though his head would implode.
Quite suddenly, the family room became noticeably darker as the patches of sunlight on the floor quickly disappeared. The makeshift sundial of the basement windows was telling him that it was now midmorning. His nerves were shot. He realized that his fingernails had dug deep impressions into his sweaty palms and his mouth felt as though it was filled with paper towels.

“Some daring warrior you are!” Ted thought. “What's it gonna be hero? Are you going to keep sitting in this corner until you turn into a mummy or are you going to get up and go see what the situation is? It is still your house you know.” 
“Yeah, I know. I'll go check it out, I guess.”
“Great! Now you’re having a conversation with yourself. I'm sure that's a good sign.”
“Shut up and leave me alone.”
“You are alone.”
“Thanks for reminding me.”
“As a matter of fact, I think you’ve been alone a bit too long.”
“I thought I told you to shut up?”

As silently as possible, he made his way back through the basement, to the laundry room and the steel bulkhead doors that led into the back yard. He groped around in the dark until his fingers found the stainless steel cup that hung from the nozzle of the hand pump rising out of the well. He aligned it as best he could in the dark and slowly pumped the handle until he heard a trickle of water running into the cup. Putting the cup to his lips, he washed the cotton out of his mouth.
“Okay, time to see what's out there.”
There wasn't a window in the laundry room that faced the back yard, but Ted's Dad had installed a peephole in one of the bulkhead doors. Unfortunately, the angle of the doors gave a view, primarily, of the sky. Kneeling on the steps and craning his neck back at a 45 degree angle, Ted peered through the tiny lens.
“Well, Dad, at least I can see that there are no zombies in the trees waiting to drop on me!”
Along the bottom edge of the view through the peephole, Ted could see the garage and the fence at the back of the yard. He could clearly see that the chain and padlock on the back gate were hanging loosely and the gate was swinging slowly in the light summer breeze. “At least I didn't waste the whole morning cowering in a corner for nothing,” Ted whispered to himself. He could not detect any other movement or anything else amiss.
He reached up and found the comforting presence of the short-barreled Mossberg 500 that lived on the wall above the basement steps. As he took the shotgun off of its hooks, he could feel the substantial weight that told him it was loaded. Of course, he already knew that it was loaded. Ted did regular perimeter checks of all of his stationary weapons, but the rules of gun safety had changed. In more peaceful times, one of the primary axioms for the safe handling of firearms was to “always assume that any firearm is loaded until proven otherwise.” Nowadays, an unloaded gun was much more dangerous than a loaded one. He pressed the slide release and moved the bolt back far enough to feel that there was a round chambered.
“Not sure if that's a slug or double-aught buckshot. Doesn't really matter though. I doubt that it would make much difference.”
Carefully sliding the cross bolt over, Ted gave the bulkhead door a gentle push and it glided up silently under the power of its spring, flooding the laundry room with sunlight. Ted blinked like a groundhog emerging from its burrow for the first time in spring. Ted kept the shotgun at the ready, following it up the steps and, reluctantly, out into the yard. Keeping his back to the fence, Ted slowly scanned his surroundings. He squinted as his eyes adjusted to the glare.
Cautiously, Ted moved forward to the corner of the house. As he turned the corner, he could see that the kitchen door was indeed hanging slightly ajar. He backed up to the fence, staying as close to the back wall of the house as possible. Ted moved down the yard to the garage, still keeping the fence at his back. The garage door was also ajar, but a quick look inside didn't reveal anything to be missing.
Working his way around the corner of the garage, Ted kept the house in his peripheral vision. He went to the gate to survey the damage to the lock. The lock was fine, but one of the chain links had been cleanly broken with a bolt cutter. This turn of events really brightened Ted's outlook on the whole home invasion situation. Zombies, as far as he knew, were quite incapable of using something as sophisticated as a bolt cutter. He had already known that the intruder pretty much had to be a human. In over a year, no zombie had made it past the fence. The broken chain just served to confirm his suspicions.
Ted made a hasty repair by simply reusing the longer section of chain to again lock the gate. Unfortunately, he wasn't sure if he had just locked last night's intruder in or out. Regardless, it was better to be cooped up with one human than to leave the gate open for God-knows-what to come wandering in off the street.
Turning his attention back to the house, he returned along the fence on the other side of the yard to the back porch. Trying to watch every door and window simultaneously was maddening and he moved as quickly as he dared. He ascended the steps to the side porch and pushed the kitchen door the rest of the way open. 
“There’s that smell again! What is it? No time to worry about that now.”
As soon as he entered the kitchen, Ted could immediately see why the third chair had not been visible through the peephole. It had been pulled away from the table and set in front of the tall cupboards that served as his everyday pantry. He didn't care much for eating in the basement when the weather was nice. During the warm months he kept his supplies of “right now” food and open containers in the kitchen cabinets.
Most of his food and supplies were still stored downstairs in the basement. Even during the cold months, he kept a small supply of “decoy” food in the kitchen cabinets in case someone came scrounging. In this instance, the decoy ruse had worked. Every last scrap of food was gone. It wasn't really surprising. There couldn't have been much more there than a single meal's worth.
Ted needed to ensure that the rest of the house was clear and he moved through the remaining rooms one by one. The living room and dining room seemed undisturbed. There really wasn't anything useful in these rooms anyway. Cautiously, Ted proceeded up the narrow stairs to the second floor, shotgun at the ready. As he moved down the hallway, he found that each bedroom had been opened. The doors were left open, but nothing seemed disturbed. Everything was in perfect order.
With no way of doing large loads of laundry, he had cleaned and perfectly arranged each bedroom including his own and closed them to await his family's return. They were ready to be moved back into at a moment's notice. He rarely went into any of them again.
The intruder seemed to have been motivated by curiosity rather than a desire to loot the bedrooms. Ted cleaned the second floor periodically with a manual carpet sweeper and he could see the imprints of his visitor's feet on the raised pile of the carpet. He had apparently only taken a couple of steps into each room, far enough to take in his surroundings.
“Nicer guy than me. I would have tossed the place. I guess there are a lot of other houses in town to go through though.”
Ted continued his search of the house until he had cleared every room and closet on every floor. Ted felt sure that the intruder was gone, but he was still curious who it had been and where he had gone. Ted climbed out the third floor window onto the flat tin roof and climbed the ladder to the top of the house. One of the nice things about Ted's house was that it just happened to be at the highest point in town. He could easily see the church steeple in the center of town and the roof of the bank building, although they were probably a mile away.
Ted walked to the four corners of the roof, carefully glassing the surrounding neighborhood through the Swarovski binoculars he'd recently picked up on a five-finger discount from Hargrave's Sport Shop. Everything in the neighborhood seemed to be in order. All the neighbors were going about their regular business, but there wasn't a human in sight.
As Ted stood on the front edge of the roof, surveying the street in front of the house, Mr. Hoover didn't even look up to acknowledge his presence. As far as he could see in both directions on the street, Ted could not see any vehicles or wagons or shopping carts or even a bicycle that he didn't recognize. All the doors that he could see from his vantage point were closed. He always made a point of shutting every door behind him. It just seemed like a good idea.
“It looks as though someone else has the same policy. Maybe they had their hands full when they left here last night?”
If not for the broken chain on the gate and a few things out of place, it would be hard to tell that anyone had ever come and gone.
“Maybe others have passed through before and I never even noticed?”
Ted sat down on the five-gallon bucket that had once served as a rooftop lookout post to think. Who had this nocturnal marauder been? All signs pointed to an individual rather than a raiding party. Did he live nearby? Ted supposed that there could, conceivably, be one other person alive in or near town. He had roamed pretty far afield and had not seen any evidence of other survivors, but mostly he stuck to his own neighborhood. If someone else was doing the same, was it possible that they could have gone unnoticed by each other? Ted had to concede that it was possible, although he didn't think it very likely.
Was the intruder simply a lone wanderer who just happened to pass through last night? That seemed like a more probable answer. Hadn't he noticed the steel door going into the basement and tried to open it? If he had, Ted hadn't heard a thing.
Ted wandered back downstairs closing every door behind him. On the second floor he took the time to run the sweeper over the footprints in the carpet, closing each bedroom in turn. Back on the first floor, he went back outside to do a more relaxed perimeter check. Everything still seemed normal. An eight-foot-high stockade fence that his parents had built for privacy when they moved into town from their place in the country surrounded the whole yard. Ted had only been a baby then.
Sometime in the early days of the epidemic, Ted's dad, along with some of the others with whom they had banded up, had stolen a spool of concertina wire from the township maintenance yard. The coils of razor sharp wire made a deadly-looking addition to the top of the fence. All in all, Ted had a pretty defensible position. He had never really worried about an intrusion before, often sleeping out in the yard by the brick fireplace on nice evenings. He had gotten lax about putting the heavy wooden brace in its brackets to fully secure the back gate. That wouldn't happen again.
Ted went down through the bulkhead doors into the basement and secured them behind him. He did another chamber check on the Mossberg and gave it a quick wipe down with a clean rag before returning it to its hooks to wait for his next panic attack.
On his way up to the kitchen, Ted bent over the coffee table and picked up his pistol, a .45 caliber Colt Gold Cup. He retracted the slide to confirm that it was loaded and snapped the safety lever back up. This had been his father's favorite pistol. Of the many guns Ted had stockpiled in the house, this one was his favorite. The pistol was beautifully finished and had a brightly polished deep blue as only Colt’s could have done.
Ted ran his thumb over the smooth ivory grips with his father's initials engraved on them. This pistol had great sentimental value, but he was also very well aware of what it could do. The big 230 grain full metal jacket bullets did the job without the help of any fancy hollow points or polymer tips. Zombies could be quite difficult to kill, but these rounds put them down decisively. Ted had never had to shoot an uninfected human, but he suspected the effect would be much the same. He hadn't encountered any violence in a long time, but the big .45 gave him a little boost of confidence that helped him get through each day. He had lots of other guns but this one was his constant companion. It slid into the empty holster on Ted's belt effortlessly, like a hand into a glove.
As he passed the calendar again, Ted stopped to check off another day and froze in his tracks. Did the passing of the weeks mean so little to him now that he had completely lost track of the date? For the first time today, he realized that today was his fourteenth birthday. He took note of the fact and then dismissed it as best he could. Without his family and friends it would be just another day. If he thought about it for too long, he would just get depressed.
“I guess there won't be a cake.”
At the top of the stairs, Ted unlocked the deadbolts and swung the heavy steel basement door open. In the afternoon light that now illuminated the kitchen, he could clearly see that someone had made a half-hearted attempt to pry the door open. There were scratches around the edges of the door and the stainless steel plate that covered the main bolt, but it seemed that the intruder had realized the futility of his actions pretty quickly. Ted wondered whether the burglar might not return with more effective tools and make another attempt.
“We'll cross that bridge if and when we come to it.”
The smell that Ted had noticed before was still in the kitchen. As a matter of fact, it was all through the house. It wasn't exactly overpowering, but it distracted him as he went around closing cupboards and sliding drawers back in. When his mind had been on other things, he had only barely noticed it, but now that he was focused on it, it seemed to become much stronger. It was familiar, but he couldn't quite identify it. It made him hungry. It didn't smell like any particular food that he could identify. Actually, it wasn't really a food smell at all, but a living smell. It was both intoxicating and confusing. Anyway, he was now thoroughly hungry and the cupboards were bare. Time to cruise on over to Wal-Mart and stock up on essentials.
He grabbed his pack off the coat hook and did a quick check of his gear.  Ted had learned a long time ago not to leave the house unprepared. He always left room in his pack for scrounging, but several essentials had a permanent place there. There was a little first aid kit, small pry bar and a flashlight with fresh batteries.
The batteries were getting to be a problem. Most of the batteries Ted found in people’s houses, were approaching their expiration dates or already dead. Even the ones that could be found in the stores wouldn’t last much longer. Sooner or later, he'd have to go old school and start carrying candles or a lantern. His father had showed him how to use the type of lantern that burned white gas when they were camping years ago. These lanterns, along with oil lamps, were his main sources of light ever since the power had gone out.
Ted grabbed a can of pepper spray off the kitchen table and clipped it inside his front pocket. In any survival situation a sharp knife is probably your most essential accessory, but in Ted's world pepper spray is probably number two. It can be hard to dissuade a zombie from trying to gnaw on you, but they really don't like spicy stuff. Zombies are primarily motivated by their very well developed senses of smell and taste and Ted had found that pepper spray was the best zombie repellent.
After he was sure he had what he needed, Ted walked to the front window to have another look at the street. There still didn't appear to be anything out of the ordinary outside. In the same fashion as the basement windows, the bay window that jutted out onto the front porch from the solid brick walls was also glazed with polycarbonate. Ted could still hear his father bitching about the cost of the large windowpanes.
“Better safe than sorry, Dad. I'm sure glad you had the foresight to do that.”
Ted unlocked the front door and went out into the world. He mustered his most sarcastic singsong voice and called out “Morning Mr. Hoover!” to the barely animated corpse on the other side of the street. The zombie's head swiveled in Ted's direction and its pale empty eyes locked on his face. Perhaps that familiar name, spoken by a familiar voice, was somehow engraved in its deepest most primitive memory. Ted was sure that, just for a moment, he spotted a glimmer of recognition in the creature's eyes. Just as quickly as it had appeared, the look faded away. It was replaced by the usual blank zombie stare as Mr. Hoover continued to scan his environment for fresh meat.
“I know how you feel, old timer.”

Ted headed down the steps and swung onto the sidewalk in the direction of food.

Chapter Three
A Meeting

It was really a beautiful morning to be out and about. Ted was in an unusually good mood after his discovery that he wasn't the last person on Earth. As he made his way to the Wal-Mart, many of his “neighbors” were out in their yards and he called out to each of them as he passed. None paid him any mind and they went on about their own business.

Ted thought of the zombies as being in “their” yards. It seemed strange how they gravitated to familiar surroundings when they weren't otherwise occupied. According to what was known about the brain function of zombies, this shouldn't have been possible.
Before the total collapse of society, only a very limited amount of study could be conducted and reported on, regarding this disease. The researchers had been unable to detect any real capacity for memory in the zombies they had been able to study. There must be more than one form of memory in the human mind.
What researchers were able to determine is that the disease is probably a viral infection that has a profound effect on the central nervous system. The virus was never identified and isolated, however.
Soon after being exposed to the contagion, victims exhibit symptoms typical of many viral infections. The earliest stages of the disease usually begin with a splitting headache, chills, fever, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. These early flu-like symptoms are followed by more severe reactions. The typical progression includes trembling, loss of fine motor skills and numbness, progressing to hallucinations, aggression and hydrophobia. At this point, higher brain functions are significantly diminished. Numbness in the extremities is accompanied by a diminished sensitivity to pain and extreme heat and cold.
This progression made many medical professionals think that the virus is a mutated form of rabies or another pathogen closely related to it. What is certain is that the frontal and parietal lobes of the brain become almost completely atrophied. The higher functions of the temporal lobe cease to exist and the victim is left with just an occipital lobe, a cerebellum and the medulla to perform only the most basic functions to keep the body propped up and functioning. At some point in their deteriorating condition, the victims become catatonic and then slip into a coma. The following period of total inactivity can last for days. After the coma, approximately thirty percent of the victims will regain consciousness, giving the impression of reanimation from the dead. After this point, the transformation is complete.
Fully mutated zombies are, initially, quite energetic. Raw aggression and a drive to attack anything that moves (including each other), seem to be their primary motivations. “New” zombies may have some retained cognitive ability in the earliest stages of the disease. They may, presumably through reflex, be able to turn a doorknob, for example. This would be an act of pure genius for those in a more advanced stage of the disease.
Over a period of days or weeks, zombies tend to settle into the lethargic dopes we are all so familiar with. “Veteran” zombies show no interest in one another, nor in anything else that cannot be interpreted as meat on the hoof. Zombies can remain completely inactive for incredible periods of time. These periods of dormancy seem to be an evolutionary mechanism for conserving energy. Zombies in this state can seem to be not very dangerous. Do not be fooled, however. One should never let one's guard down in the vicinity of any zombie. When a zombie smells fresh meat, it can become astonishingly quick and agile. No zombie should ever be taken lightly. They are all extremely dangerous.
Zombies hunt by scent and sight. The infected also seem to identify their fellow zombies by smell. After a zombie has been stimulated by its sense of smell, the attack is coordinated using its surprisingly good eyesight.
So, to sum it all up, memory shouldn't be a zombie's strong suit. The fact that they can generally remember where their home is, might prove that there is still more we need to learn about the human brain.

Ted moved through the zombies' world as though he were not even there. He had left the sidewalk and was cutting through yards now on a diagonal line toward his big box destination. The zombies wandering around, trying to act out their daily lives, seemed not to even see him as he passed, often within arm's reach. Despite the beautiful morning and his unusually high spirits, Ted was still on guard and alert to his surroundings. He couldn't imagine how any normal person could have passed through his neighborhood without being eaten alive.
Ted was getting close to his objective now. Crossing the parking lot and approaching the front entrance of the giant store, he again caught a whiff of that scent from earlier in the morning. Instinctively, he angled his head back thrusting his nose into the wind and took a few sniffs. He had lost it again. What was that smell?
Stepping up onto the sidewalk, Ted shrugged off his backpack and paused to fish his flashlight out of it. As he squeezed sideways through the front doors of Wal-Mart, he was again hit by the intriguing smell. This time it was like a slap in the face. Here it was stronger than ever. Make that fresher than ever. How did he know that the scent was fresh? Ted couldn’t have explained it, he just knew. A chill ran up his spine.
A twinge of pain and a sensation of pins and needles caused him to grasp his right wrist. Massaging it briefly, he pulled his hand away to look at it. The semicircular scar on his right wrist stood in stark contrast the rest of his arm, baked nut-brown by the summer sun. The scar was quite pallid and dead looking. A fine web of blue blood vessels ran just below the grayish skin. The scar and surrounding skin were usually quite numb and the tingling pain had surprised him.
As he took a deep breath again, Ted could tell that the smell was definitely in front of him, deeper in the store.
“That's funny. I feel like a blood hound. I can't remember ever having a directional sense of smell before.”
Ted remembered seeing a documentary on TV that had illustrated a dog's ability to follow a scent like a trail of smoke that it could actually visualize. He felt that now, if he concentrated on it hard enough, he could actually see a wisp of the confusing smell trailing from the front door deep into the store.
“You've been on your own for way too long son.”
The store was cavernous and dimly lit inside, in contrast to the bright summer sun outside. He paused a moment to let his eyes adjust. The shelves and floor displays were still stocked with lots of merchandise. The anticipated riots and looting had never really come. Sure there had been some in the cities, but people were generally too scared to go outside any more than necessary. Ironically, as the contagion burned through the world like a wildfire, most people died in their homes without ever setting foot in a store again.
He shouldered his pack again and pressed on. The large skylights gave plenty of natural light to navigate between the racks of women's clothing and towering pyramids of cans as he made his way to the warehouse in the back. Someday, he thought, he would start shopping up front again, but for now he was headed to the source of all the things he needed. Besides, that was where his nose was leading him. He was a little afraid of what he might find, but he was drawn to it as a moth is to a flame. He couldn't resist the urge to follow the scent, no matter what was at its source.
When Ted reached the swinging door that opened into the storerooms, he paused. He cupped his hands around his eyes and pressed his face up to the scuffed and battered acrylic window in the door. He could see nothing in the gloom beyond.
Cautiously pushing his way through, Ted headed toward the area where all the non-perishable foods were staged. Pallets in the storerooms were still piled high with cases of everything from cookies and crackers, to just about any type of canned food imaginable. Some things were actually quite unimaginable. Ted was pretty sure that he'd get pretty hungry before he opened a can with an illustrated label that showed a whole octopus, tentacles spreading out from the body and curled up at the tips. No, he'd have to be pretty much starving before he did that.
As Ted rounded the corner at the end of a row of pallets, he came upon something that made him freeze in his tracks.
Just about fifteen feet in front of Ted was a zombie and it was engaged in the most unusual behavior he'd ever seen. He had been informally studying the habits of zombies for a long time and had never seen anything like this before. Its appearance was nothing out of the ordinary. It was clothed in little more than rags, filthy and threadbare. The zombie's hair hung limply around its head, completely obscuring its face from view. It appeared to be a girl, maybe a little older than him.
What had really captured Ted's attention was what the zombie was doing. It was stuffing cans of soup (his cans of soup, by the way!) into a pack. The pack consisted of a simple sling tied over its left shoulder. On top of a stack of boxes was an open can of peaches and a large knife was roughly stabbed into the cardboard. Seemingly satisfied with its new payload, the zombie turned its attention back to the peaches. It upended the can and slurped down the rest of its contents. Suddenly, the zombie froze in mid slurp.
Had Ted made even the slightest noise? He didn't think so. Moving silently was a survival reflex that had become second nature. Generally, if Ted weren’t yelling at the neighbors on his way through the neighborhood, you wouldn't even know that he had passed you by.
Ted was only just beginning to comprehend what he had come upon when the zombie's head snapped around. The empty peach can flew across the storeroom to land, clattering across the concrete floor. The hair that had been hanging limp just a split second before was thrown out in a flying halo as the zombie’s eyes locked on his. It didn't even pause before grabbing the knife and then it came for him.
In the split second that it took his attacker to reach him, Ted realized the grievous error of his ways. This was no zombie. What had he been thinking, if anything? This was last night's mysterious visitor. It was nothing more than a half-starved girl who thought that he meant to do her harm and now she meant to visit harm on him.

“A zombie? Stealing soup? And eating peaches and carrying a big-ass knife? And what about the smell? Somewhere, deep down, you knew that was the smell of an uninfected human. You've gotten so comfortable eating ravioli and playing house that you've lost your edge, old boy!”

Ted knew that he had become soft and now he was going to pay for it.
Ted started backpedaling madly and fumbling for his Colt. Just as his hand found the grip of the pistol, his left heel caught the edge of an empty pallet and everything went flying; his gun and his backpack and, most importantly, him.

“You've gotten really soft, Powers. Shame on you.”

Ted came down flat on his back, half on and half off of the pallet, his head whacking the concrete floor. He hit the edge of the pallet square in the middle of his back, knocking the wind out of him. This whole encounter had probably lasted not more than five seconds, but it seemed like an eternity. Even in slow motion, he could do nothing about it. Now as he lay limp on the cold slab of the floor, staring up at the bird poop splattered on the skylight above his head, Ted realized he was completely defenseless.
In a flash, the girl was on him, pinning him to the floor. He could feel the wicked edge of the knife pressing against his throat.
“How many others are with you?” the girl hissed through clenched teeth.
“What others?” Ted croaked. “I'm alone.”
“Don't mess with me, kid,” the girl replied. “Do you expect me to believe that your crew let you go on a foraging mission alone?”
“You're not listening to me, kid.” Ted replied sarcastically, trying to sound as nonchalant as possible.  It was not an easy thing to do while trying to catch his breath.
“There is no crew, no 'foraging mission'. There is only me and I just came down here to get some Pop Tarts. Someone cleaned out my cupboards last night.” Ted fixed an accusing gaze on the girl and she glanced away.
“Maybe you should do a better job securing your gate from now on,” she replied.
“Believe me, that situation has already been addressed!” Ted shot back. “So where is your 'crew'?” he asked.
The girl hesitated... “Dead. All of them. Now try to remember that I'm the one asking questions here, so just concentrate on giving the right answers if you don't want to join them.”
“Okay, what do you want to know?” Ted replied. His nonchalant act was improving.
“I encountered a lot of zombies last night in town. If you are living around here, as you say, how have you survived this long with no one else?” the girl asked.
“The zombies don't pay much attention to me. I'm sort of invisible to them,” Ted said. 
He could feel the girl's grip on his wrist tighten and the pressure on the knife blade at his throat increased.
“Don't bullshit me! I don't have time for games,” the girl shot back. “Those things are everywhere and they're hungry! I had a hell of a time getting here without being eaten.”
Ted thought for a few moments about how much he should reveal to this girl. He didn't know anything about her, other than the fact that she had him pinned to the floor and was threatening to slit his throat. On the other hand, for all he knew she could be the only other person on the planet. She was just about the closest thing to a friend that he had at the moment. Finally, he decided that it would probably be best to just level with her.
“Look, about a year ago I was still living with my family and some friends. One day, one of the infected got into our yard when I was outside. We managed to kill it, but in the process I got bitten. I was infected. When I came out of the coma I was all-alone and I've been alone ever since. You are the first person I've seen since last summer.”
The girl leaned even harder on him. “What kind of idiot do you think I am? No one 'comes out' of the coma, not talking and carrying guns anyway.”
“You're on top of someone who did,” Ted replied.
The girl studied him with skepticism. “How do you know that you aren't still infected?”
“That's a good question,” Ted replied. “I guess I don't really.”
“Well, how do you know that you're not contagious?” The girl asked.
“I don't know that either,” Ted replied. “I don't make a habit of going around biting people, but if you don't get off me soon, I may have to change that policy.”
Was that just a hint of a smile that crossed the girl's face before it hardened again?

Melody loosened her grip on the boy's wrist and shifted some of her weight off of his chest. She sat up straight and stared down at him. He actually seemed normal enough, despite his claims of having survived the infection. The only thing that lent any credence to his story was his eyes.
The boy's eyes were sharp and piercing. Even in the dim light of the storeroom, his jet-black pupils were tightly constricted and stood in stark contrast to his irises. They were a pale shade of gray. Too pale. So what if he had survived the infection? What did that prove? Melody had no way of knowing if just being near him was dangerous. On the other hand, he seemed like the least dangerous person she'd met in a long time. Even after she had eased up on him a bit, the boy didn't seem to give any sign of trying to move.
Trying to weigh the pros and cons of this new acquaintance was just too complicated to make a fast decision. Not one based on facts. Melody would have to go with her gut. After thinking for a few more moments, she decided she would just have to take her chances. What did she have to lose after all? Cautiously, she stood up, keeping the knife between the boy and herself. 

“Don't try anything stupid or I'll carve you up like a Thanksgiving turkey,” the girl said.
“I wouldn't dream of it,” Ted replied, making his best effort not to even twitch a muscle.
After studying the pathetic, but confusing, thing at her feet for a few more moments, the girl sheathed her knife and extended her hand.
“Melody Perkins,” she offered.
Cautiously, Ted grasped Melody’s hand and replied, “Ted Powers. Pleased to meet you Melody Perkins,” as she hauled him back up to his feet.
As Ted retrieved his Colt, Melody picked up his backpack and knocked the dust off of it before handing it back to him. She took one more long look at him, seeming to size him up.
Melody's brow furrowed as she said. “We've got a lot of things to discuss, but I'd like to start with this invisibility thing.”
“We'll start with that as soon as we get home. I'm sure we both have a lot of questions,” Ted replied. “But now I think we have other things to attend to.”
“Home?”
“You know; It's the place with the broken lock on the back gate and the empty cupboards in the kitchen,” Ted said sarcastically.
“Oh right,” Melody nodded. “I seem to recall something like that.”
“You should stay with me at least until you have a chance to rest up and decide what you are going to do,” Ted added.
“Well, I haven't had any better offers today. I guess I could oblige you with that.” Melody replied with a smile.
“First we've got some shopping to do and I'd like to get it done before more of your scent gets around. Before you know it, the whole neighborhood will be sniffing around here and I'll have a hell of a time getting you out.”
“Okay, sounds good. I haven't had an opportunity to do any shopping in as long as I can remember. Unless rooting around in dead peoples’ closets counts as shopping.” Glancing down at her tattered clothing, Melody said. “I guess I could use a new ensemble. Also, I wonder what's left in the health and beauty aisles?”
“I think you might be surprised,” Ted replied. “Just don't take any more than we can carry. I can come back anytime for supplies.”
Melody disappeared behind a row of pallets and emerged with a well-traveled rucksack on an old aluminum pack frame over her shoulder and carrying a wicked looking crossbow.
“I'm glad you didn't have that in your hands when you first noticed me,” Ted said. “What's with the crossbow? There are plenty of guns around.”
“Well, Ted Powers,” Melody began. “Not all of us are invisible to zombies. Believe me, I've killed them with just about anything you can imagine and shooting a gun is like ringing a dinner bell for those creeps. I'm surprised you don't know that.
“I guess my natural immunity has made me a bit naïve in the ways of zombie survival,” Ted replied.
“It seems as though we both have a lot to learn,” Melody headed for the exit. “It's been so long since I've had the opportunity to-” She paused and turned to see if Ted was following and saw that he was just standing and staring at her. “What?”
“It's just that I never thought when I woke up this morning I'd have a birthday surprise quite like this.”
“Birthday!” Melody exclaimed. “Today's your birthday?”
Ted nodded. “Fourteen.”
“We've got to have a party! I don't suppose you've got an oven at home?” Melody asked.
“Didn't you notice it when you were burglarizing the place last night?” Ted replied.
Melody squinted. “Don't be such a crab. I'm offering to throw a birthday bash for you. Now do you have an oven or not?”
“No. I've got a couple of wood stoves and an outside fireplace, but no oven. I do have a Dutch oven though,” Ted replied.
“Oh, that will do. I can work wonders with a Dutch oven,” Melody said. “Do you suppose there is much left in the baking aisle?”
“I don't think there was much of a run on cake mix during the apocalypse,” Ted replied.
“Ooh, I'm going to make you such a birthday cake, Ted Powers!” Melody said.
“Well, we'd better get a move on then,” Ted smiled.

Come to think of it, I guess Ted really did find what he most wanted in a store.

Chapter Four
Attention Shoppers!

What Ted had intended to be a fast and sneaky Pop-Tart retrieval excursion, was quickly deteriorating into a full-blown shopping spree. Melody needed a lot of things and the two of them wandered up and down the aisles stuffing their backpacks with loot. They canvassed parts of the store where Ted hadn't ever been before. 
“So, what's the Melody Perkins story?” Ted asked.
Melody tossed a couple of boxes of cake mix into her pack. She picked up a can of frosting and examined the label carefully. “Huh! I guess this stuff never expires.”
“It's probably fifty percent formaldehyde,” Ted replied.
Melody turned toward Ted with a deadpan expression on her face. “Maybe we should try feeding this to the zombies. Then they might not smell so awful.”
Ted raised his eyebrows and cocked his head to the side. “Maybe so! Tell you what; I'll go catch one and hold it down. You can try stuffing that crap down its throat.”
“Um... no?” Melody replied with a grin.
“Just an idea,” Ted said.
Melody was still thinking of how to answer Ted's original question as she dropped the can of frosting into her pack. She continued up the aisle, grabbing a box of birthday candles and then a package of candleholders. Ted followed along behind, watching Melody shop. He realized how long it had been since he'd followed anyone through a supermarket. He used to hate it.
“Well, I’m afraid my story isn't as intriguing as yours,” Melody began. “My experience wasn't any different than that of most other survivors. I saw my whole family transformed or killed outright and now I have to figure out a way to live with that. There are certain things you can never forget no matter how hard you try. I've been on the move and living in the shadows ever since. For probably more than a year now I guess.”
“I'm sorry. I know how difficult it is to think about. What about before the outbreak? What about the kind of things you do like to remember?” Ted asked.
“Let's see... I lived most of my life on a farm in upper New York State. My father grew corn and raised dairy cows. His real passion was European and British cars though and we had a little service garage on the side. My mother was an elementary school teacher.” Melody rolled her eyes. “Sounds like the American dream right? I had four younger brothers. They kept me pretty busy while my parents were working. There's not much else to tell. We had a really great life and now we don't.”
Ted frowned. “I guess it was kind of an insensitive question.”
“No it wasn't. Don't think for a second that I'm not going to be squeezing you for information. It sounds like you have a lot to tell. My story's probably just a little less enigmatic than yours,” Melody replied.
“And since the outbreak? You've been all alone?” Ted asked.
“For the most part… I've run into a few people on the road. I've tried to avoid most, but things out there are a lot different than here.” Melody looked all around her and then back at Ted. “I can see why you've stayed here. I can't believe that you've been alone in this town for a year and I'm the first person you've seen. Of course, there isn't much of anyone to see. If what I've come across in my travels is representative of the situation in the rest of the country, there can't be more than a few thousand people left on the whole continent. That's only an estimate from my very rough calculations of course. I just hope nobody followed me here.”
“Why would someone have followed you? You've been traveling alone right?” Ted asked.
“Um… yeah... but, I mean anyone could come across my trail right?” Melody had become visibly uncomfortable. “You can't cover your tracks completely. The way things are now brings out the worst in people. Believe me. I've seen it. A lot of the people out there now would pick up and follow the trail of a teenage girl just to do God-knows-what to her.”
“Well, if someone had followed you here, I think they would be in for a big surprise. I'm pretty well prepared to defend our position,” Ted said. “I don't think it's very likely that someone followed you here though. Not if there are as few people out there as you said there are.”
“They are few and far between,” Melody replied.
“I had myself pretty well convinced that I was the last person on Earth before I found you,” Ted said.
“Not quite. If you meet some of the people who are out there though, you'll probably wish you were the last person on Earth,” Melody replied. “And just for the sake of clarity, I'm pretty sure I was the one who found you?”
“Before we found each other. How's that?” Ted asked.
Melody shrugged. “If that will help you sleep at night.”
Ted gave up on trying to stuff any more into his backpack and grabbed a shopping cart. Melody needed way too many things and she hadn't seen a bounty like this one in over a year. Somehow, they would have to push the shopping cart home and run the gauntlet through an obstacle course of hungry zombies without any of them detecting Melody.
“That should be quite a trick.” Ted thought to himself.
Ted looked down at the shopping cart. It was filled to overflowing. There were two fully-stuffed backpacks and a crossbow and enough assorted merchandise to keep anyone busy for a while.
“Please tell me that’s everything you need?” Ted asked.
“Yeah, I think so. Like you said, you can always run back down here. Right?” She asked with a smile.
“Right. I don't think I'm going to do much running with loads like this though,” Ted replied.
“I know,” Melody said. “It's just that I haven't been able to get anything nice for a long time. And look at me! You can't say I don't need some stuff to become human again.”
“You are a pretty frightening sight,” Ted replied, ducking to avoid a whack on the back of the head that never came.
“Under the current circumstances, I won't take offense at that,” Melody replied.
“Pfft! You're no fun!” Ted retorted.
“We'll just see about that,” said Melody. “Now, do you need anything while we're here? Looks like there's a little space left in the cart.”
“Very little! But, as a matter of fact, I do need one more thing. I've got to go over to the garden center and grab a bag of sunflower seeds.”
“Sunflower seeds? You're feeding the birds?” Melody asked.
“Sure. For the last year, birds have been pretty much the only company I've had,” Ted replied. “I guess that kind of makes me a crazy recluse?”
“Yeah, pretty much. You're like the bird boy of Alcatraz,” Melody replied. “I guess we each have our own ways of coping with loneliness.”
“Okay, so what's your coping mechanism for dealing with the solitude?” Ted asked.
“Killing zombies.”
Ted raised his eyebrows. “I guess that works.”
“It does for me.” Melody replied.
Ted and Melody had reached the entrance to the garden department. Ted pushed the large double doors apart, holding them so that Melody could slip through. In turn, she held the doors so he could push the cart through.
The garden center was a wide, open-air space. Only a chest-high wall, topped with iron bars, enclosed it. A roof overhead protected about half of the space from the weather. Aisles of shelves filled the area that was under roof, obscuring the far side of the department from view. The skeletons of long-dead houseplants jutted up like withered claws from the pots of soil that covered many of the shelves.
The silence in the garden department was broken only by the chatter of the many small birds that roosted on the steel beams just under the roof. Their chirping grew into a crescendo as Ted and Melody approached the bird food area. They knew what was coming. Ted unrolled the top of an already-open bag of seed and scooped some out with a coffee mug.  Ted glanced down at the mug in his hand and held it up for Melody to see. It was decorated, in pastel colors, with a picture of an Easter basket overflowing with painted eggs. On the other side of the mug was a scuffed and tattered “clearance” price tag.
“Today it seems strange to think about, but were people really wasting their time and money buying shit like this, just before the end of the world?” Ted asked.
Melody gave a dismissive look and shook her head. “No one ever saw it coming.”
“No, I guess they didn't,” Ted said.
Ted walked up and down the aisle between the shelves with the mug of birdseed. Long ago, he had put saucers that were meant to go under flowerpots, along the tops of two rows of shelves. In each saucer, Ted dumped a small pile of seed from the mug. One by one, the birds descended from their perches, until there was no vacancy on the rim of any of the saucers. The chirping had stopped and now there was only the sound of tiny beaks pecking and birdseed raining down through the shelves to scatter across the concrete floor. Ted turned his attention now to the full bags of seed.
“The sunflower seeds come in two different-sized bags. I usually get the small bags, but they are running low and since we have the cart-”
Ted was cut off in mid-sentence, at first by the sound of all the birds exploding into flight simultaneously. The sound of whirring wings and screaming alarm calls was deafening. This commotion was followed by an ungodly shriek. At first, he thought that it had come from Melody. He turned to look and she was standing right beside him. The shocked expression on Melody's face probably gave him a pretty good idea of what his own must look like. 
Then Ted saw the source of the shriek, rounding the corner at the end of the aisle and charging straight toward them. It was another girl, but this time it was definitely a zombie. It was still wearing a navy blue sweater and its Wal-Mart nametag on a lanyard around its neck. Had Ted been between Melody and the zombie, he could have done something about it. That, unfortunately, was not the case. The zombie girl was closing in on Melody fast and from the rear. Ted only had time to shout a useless warning.
Spinning around to face the threat, Melody glimpsed a rack of gardening tools on the shelf beside her. Somehow, she had the presence of mind to grab blindly onto one of the yellow plastic handles and yank the tool from its bracket. She would never be able to say for sure if her mind, racing with adrenaline, was able to recognize and select a suitable weapon or if she had just been lucky. At the end of the day, it really didn't matter.
What Melody came around with was a hayfork. It was a tool she had used thousands of times before on the farm, cleaning out stalls and throwing hay to the cows. She had never even thought of using one as a weapon, but she wielded it expertly all the same. With unbelievable speed, Melody completed her turn and leveled the fork at her attacker just in time to catch the full force of the zombie's charge.
The impact was softened a bit because the fork penetrated the zombie's chest and the creature ran itself all the way onto the tines, which had to be protruding from its back, though neither Ted nor Melody could see. This didn't even seem to faze the creature. It continued screaming and chomping and foaming at the mouth with its arms and legs flailing. Melody's feet began to slip on the polished concrete floor. The zombie could not have weighed very much. It was about the same height as Melody and impossibly thin, but the ferocity of its attack made it almost impossible to control.
“I don't think I can hold this one for long Ted!” Melody yelled. “Shoot it!”
“I can't waste ammo on it when you have it so nicely under control. Hold on to it for a little bit longer, while I find something with which to deal with it,” Ted replied.
“Waste? Under control? Have you lost your freaking mind?” Melody screamed back.
Melody managed to swing her end of the pitchfork around enough to turn the zombie and pin it back against a row of shelves. The creature seemed to take no notice. It just kept gnashing its teeth and clawing at the air and making the most ungodly noises.
Ted grabbed an ax off of the same rack that the pitchfork had come from and stepped up to the plate. 

“If there's one thing I've learned about these things...” 

Ted swung the ax with all his might, catching the zombie just below the eyes. The effect was much better than he could have ever hoped for. The ax went most of the way through the creature's head, leaving just a strip of skin and meat at the nape of the neck to act as a hinge. The whole top of the skull flopped over like a garbage can lid, spilling the rotten and discolored brain out onto the shelf behind it. It lay there, looking for all the world like the most repulsive piece of merchandise that Ted had ever seen. 

“It's that they take a whole lot of killing.”

Ted had heard his father use that line and had thought that it sounded pretty cool. Glancing over at Melody, he could see that she wasn't having the same reaction. The look on her face was one of disgust rather than admiration.
“Really? You took all that time, just to set up a punch line?” Melody shouted at him.
“Well when you say it like that, it sounds kind of thoughtless.”
“Just exactly how could I say it that wouldn't sound thoughtless?”
“I don't know, different somehow?”

“Ugh! Gross!” 

Melody let the zombie's corpse slide down to a sitting position on the floor. Leaning against the shelves, one could almost imagine it was sleeping. That is if the top of its skull hadn't been sitting askew and its eyeballs hadn't been hanging out, dangling from their sockets, by the optic nerves. 

“Well, that's the most horrifying thing I've ever seen and I've seen some pretty horrific stuff!”

“Hey, no problem,” Ted replied. “It's the least I could do.”
Melody's eyes rolled up toward the ceiling.
Ted hefted the ax and took a couple of mock practice swings. “I think I really like this ax, but I'll take another one without so much blood and brains on it,” he said, leaning the ax against the shelves next to the lifeless corpse.
When Ted said “brains” he had stretched it out into a long low moan, doing his best movie zombie impression. Glancing at Melody again, he thought she might have looked even more disgusted than before.

“This girl's a tough audience. You're going to have to work on your act.”

“I think I'd like to speak to her manager,” Ted said, taking a fresh ax down off the rack and studying it more closely.
“I wouldn't,” Melody replied. Both of them were smiling now.
“Well what do you know!” Ted exclaimed. “Here's something for sale in Wal-Mart that wasn't made in China.”
“Do tell,” Melody answered.
“Guess,” Ted responded. “No, never mind. You'll never guess it. It was made in Finland,” He continued as he tossed the ax into their cart.
“How 'bout that?” Melody said. “Makes sense I guess. I have the impression that there are a lot of trees in Finland.”
“I don't know about how it works on trees, but you can chop the shit out of a zombie with this thing,” Ted said.
Melody nodded. “I noticed.”
“How many times have I been in this garden center and I never even noticed that bitch was in here?” Ted wondered out loud.
“I don't know. But I'm guessing she never noticed you either,” Melody replied.
“I guess you just bring out the best in people.”
“Must be my charming personality,” Melody grinned.

“Now we're getting our rhythm.”

“Well, I think I'm going to grab my bird seed and we can get out of here,” Ted said. “We are going to need some sort of exit strategy.”
“Okay, here it is: If you are as invisible as you say you are, you should be able to push that cart home without any problems,” Melody replied. “I'm going to find my own way to your house. I think I remember where it is.”
Ted frowned. “I have a sneaking suspicion that this is just your way of getting out of pushing the cart,”
“Yeah, you caught me,” Melody nodded her head in an exaggerated manner “Guilty as charged.”
“How do you figure you're going to get past all of my neighbors?” Ted asked.
“The same way I did it last night, when I cleaned out your cupboards without even waking you up. The same way I've been doing it ever since I've been on my own,” Melody replied.
“Okay, do it your way,” Ted said. “I'll see you there. Don't break anything this time okay?”
“Spoilsport,” Melody replied.
They made their way back to the front door of the store with all their loot. Ted shoved the doors aside and pushed the heavy cart out into the daylight. Rattle rattle rattle, clunk! Rattle rattle rattle, clunk! Rattle rattle rattle, clunk!
“Why do I always end up with the cart that has a flat spot on one wheel?” Ted thought to himself.
Ted turned to look back at Melody one last time. “Good luck.”
“Good luck to you too,” Melody replied.
“Are you sure you don’t want to push the cart?”
“Pretty much.”
“All right then. Bye.”
“Bye.”
As he rattled and clunked his way up the road towards his house, straining to push the heavily-laden cart on the uphill stretches, Ted detected a change in the zombies that he hadn't noticed earlier in the day. They seemed more alert and somewhat agitated. The eyes in their pallid, sunken faces darted around. They had detected something that had been absent for a very long time. They were on the hunt.
“Melody had better be careful. Why did I leave her alone?”
Ted needn’t have worried. He turned around, searching for any sign of movement. His eyes scanned carefully from house to house and bush to bush. He diligently examined every object in the landscape, but could detect no movement. Though he was always invisible to the zombies, apparently Melody had worked out her own disappearing act.
Ted turned back to the task at hand, pushing on until he had reached his back gate. Unlocking the gate, he pushed the cart into the yard and set about starting a fire in the outside fireplace.

Chapter Five
The big creep

As soon as Ted had disappeared into the distance with his rattletrap of a shopping cart, Melody stole silently through the store to one of the emergency exits in the back. The door was in the corner of the store closest to the direction of Ted's house. The less time she had to spend out in the open, the better off she would be. Life, the last year or so, had become like a game of chess. One had to think three or four moves ahead if one wanted to survive.
Melody tried to curb her enthusiasm and keep her thinking clear. Ted's was the first friendly face that she had seen in a very long time. Even though she had only just met him, she could tell that Ted had nothing but the best intentions. She had (nearly) always been a good judge of character. For the first time in as long as she could remember, she wasn't worried about walking into a trap. It seemed like all of the potential pitfalls now were between Melody and her destination. She would need to keep her wits about her if she was going to get there in one piece.
Traveling was always more dangerous in broad daylight. In order for Melody to get to Ted's house, she would be going from east to west. The wind should be in her favor; she would likely be headed right into it. This should mitigate the chance of something in her path catching her scent before she got there. But wind can be a fickle ally, particularly in town. The wind has a tendency to swirl around buildings, potentially carrying scent in totally unexpected directions.
The biggest problem for Melody in navigating to Ted's house now would be the sun. With all the excitement of the day, time had simply flown by. The sun would now be low in the west and Melody would be walking directly towards it. This was the worst possible lighting condition for traveling. The sun in her eyes would make it difficult to see potential danger in front of her, while it would illuminate her and give perfect visibility to zombies as she approached.
Cautiously, Melody pushed the crash bar on the door and eased it open. The door opened onto a delivery alley behind the store. Checking all the angles, Melody stuck only her head out. The coast looked clear, but there were too many dumpsters blocking the view for her to be sure. Melody stood in the doorway for a solid five minutes waiting to see if anything would catch her scent. This was a standard tactic. Zombies are ambush hunters only by accident. Once they catch the scent of something tasty, they spring into action. Zombies have almost no self-control.
There is another good reason for lingering in doorways, especially emergency exits. One must never, never, never, go through an emergency exit without making sure what one is walking into. Why? Because emergency exits lock behind you. After passing through one, there is no retreat. It isn't good to wedge an emergency door either. Not unless you could remember to knock the wedge out on your way back through! Melody knew this all too well!
Directly across from the door, the alley was bound on the far side by a concrete barrier with a privacy fence on top of it. This was presumably there to spare the neighbors from having to look at all the dumpsters while they were relaxing in their back yards. Unfortunately for Melody, the fence was directly between her and her objective.
Melody hated these fences. It was pretty easy to get over one; but, like an emergency exit, there was no way to know what was on the other side. Nor was there an easy path of retreat once you were over.
After Melody reassured herself that nothing was going to rush the door, she stepped out into the alley. There was nothing but bright sunlight and a gentle breeze that rustled the leaves of the tree branches hanging over the fence. Far off in the distance, she thought she could still hear the rattling and banging of Ted's shopping cart.
“I don't feel good about going over that fence blind. I'll use plan 'B': move along the fence and take my chances when I reach the end.”
Moving all the way outside now, Melody eased the door closed behind her until she heard it latch with a soft click. She glanced to her left to see if she could see the end of the privacy fence. She could only see about twenty yards, before the alley curved around the end of the building. The fence followed it. She would have to stick her head around the corner of the building to see that end. She didn't like that idea at all.
Glancing to her right, Melody could see the full length of the alley as it proceeded in a straight line across the back of the store. She could clearly see the end of the fence about one hundred yards away.
“I think I've got my answer about which way to go.”
Melody dashed across the alley and crouched at the base of the concrete barrier to check her surroundings from another angle. Still, she could see no sign of danger.
Turning into the wind, Melody silently made her way along the fence. As she crept forward, she paused periodically to check for danger around obstructions like dumpsters. At the end of the alley, Melody finally ran out of privacy fence. In order to get to Ted's house, she would have to go around the end of it.
Melody moved slowly, to avoid attracting attention, as she peeked around the end of the fence. She was very curious to see what would have been waiting for her had she jumped over. It was immediately apparent that she had made the right choice. There were at least seven zombies that she could count, standing and staring stupidly at the fence as though they had arrived at the end of the earth.
The swirling breeze carried Melody's scent to the zombies faster than she had expected. When it reached them, they all turned in unison. Not a single zombie turned in the wrong direction. They all seemed to be waking from a deep dream state. Every muddy eye focused on Melody. Their sallow, expressionless faces suddenly assumed a look of urgency. They again had a purpose and they knew what it was!
“Uh oh! That wasn’t too smart! Well, I guess I'll be going with plan 'A' after all.”
These zombies were mostly veterans that were in the declining stage of infection. They weren't moving very fast, but fast enough to be really scary. Melody retreated down the alley a few yards and turned to watch for the first zombie to emerge from around the end of the fence. The first, a young man probably in his mid-twenties, staggered into view. The others followed in rapid succession. Melody fell back a bit farther.
“Okay, that's two... three... four... five... six... and... seven. Now! Run!”
Melody's heart was pounding in her ears as she turned and sprinted down the alley. Her elevated heart rate was not the result of exertion. She was in excellent shape. Rather, it was the result of the rush of adrenaline pumping through her circulatory system. It's amazing how fleeing for your life from predators, who are intent on eating you, can have that effect. Halfway down the alley, she stopped to turn and do a quick headcount. All seven zombies were still in pursuit and Melody was alarmed at just how close they were behind her.
Melody turned and sprinted on, past the security exit she had come out of. A few yards further on, she reached what she reckoned to be the halfway point of the total length of fence. She shrugged off her pack and tossed it over. With the adrenaline still pumping and her crossbow strapped across her back, she turned and leapt, nearly clearing the fence in a single bound. Coming down hard on the other side, she tucked into a half roll and came up in a crouch.
“Why isn't anyone around to see when I do something cool like that?” Melody asked herself.
Oh, but there was. Squatting in the tall grass, only about two feet in front of her, was what used to be someone's grandmother. Melody had missed it earlier because bushes obscured the line of sight between the creature and the end of the fence. The withered old zombie was still clutching a pair of knitting needles attached to a half-finished sweater. The knitting project was caked with mud and twigs and trailed what seemed like thousands of loose ends of yarn where it had been dragged on the ground. 

This is another peculiarity of some zombies. They all seem to be utterly incapable of tool use, yet they sometimes carry in their hands something very familiar. A security blanket if you will. They will even retrieve it if it's dropped. This habit can be very disconcerting to the uninfected. It adds an extra element of humanity to the zombie. Killing a zombie child is always difficult psychologically, but it can be damn near impossible when the little ghoul is clutching a teddy bear.

Judging from the creature's wild eyes and foaming mouth, it was as agitated as its companions who were all now on the other side of the wall.
“Well that almost worked.”
It was readily apparent, however, that this pathetic thing simply didn't have the energy even to stand up. It certainly didn't pose any real threat. Mindful to keep out of the creature's reach, Melody stood up and retrieved her belongings. She shouldered her pack and turned to go. Something, tugging at her conscience, made Melody turn back to take a last look at the old woman.
“Damn it!” Melody let out a deep sigh. “I can't leave you like this,” she said aloud.
The old woman's end was mercifully quick. The black blood contrasted sharply with the fresh green grass as Melody wiped it from the blade of her knife. She shrugged her pack off again and opened it on the ground. Melody rummaged around inside for a bit and pulled out a plastic shopping bag. Thrusting her hand into the bag as if to pick up a dog turd, she pried the tattered knitting project from the crone's stiffening claws. Carefully, she pulled the plastic bag around the mangled ball of yarn and tied it shut at the top. Then Melody thrust the bag back into her pack. She really didn't know why she was doing it, but she did it anyway. Melody shouldered her pack one more time, staring at the crumpled corpse in front of her.
“I only wish I had time to bury you Grandma.”
The commotion on the other side of the fence reminded Melody that time was something she definitely did not have. She ducked into the tree line that led up to the end of Ted's alley. From there it would be a straight shot to the back gate.

Ted waited for what seemed like an eternity. Several times, he headed for the gate to go look for Melody, but every time he forced himself back to the fireplace to get some hot coals going.
“She's a big girl and she's been surviving just fine for a long time. Surely she can make her way here from Wal-Mart.”
Finally, when it seemed that he just couldn't take it any longer, there was a knock at the gate. 
“Hey, idiot! Come unlock the gate,” Melody called out in a rather loud, urgent whisper.
Ted ran back and lifted the brace out of its brackets. Melody came barging through the gate almost knocking him over. “Took you long enough,” she said as she breezed past him, shrugging off her pack and plopping down on the picnic bench.
“Took me long enough?” Ted responded. “I thought you were dead. Did you have trouble on the way back?”
“Minor glitch,” Melody responded, looking down and examining the jet-black bottom of one foot. “By the way, just what have you been doing here for a year by yourself? Obviously, you haven't been killing any zombies. They are everywhere.”
“I killed plenty in the beginning, just like my Dad taught me, but after a while I got lonely and started keeping some of the neighbors alive,” Ted replied.
“Neighbors? You really are an idiot,” Melody replied, examining the bottom of the other foot.
This foot was just as black as the other. As a matter of fact, this was the first time Ted had noticed that Melody wasn't wearing shoes. Ted could see how thick the callouses were on the soles of her feet.  How long had she been traveling barefoot? Even now, at the height of summer, it had to be very difficult.
“Okay! Enough sitting around. I can't take it one more minute.”
Melody jumped to her feet and started rummaging in the shopping cart. “First things first,” she said.
“My cake?” Ted asked hopefully.
“No, Idiot,” Melody replied, holding up a bottle of shampoo. “Have you even looked at me? You yourself told me you thought I was one of them. I need to get human again. I know you've got a bathtub, but how do I get hot water?”
“I can do you one better,” Ted said, pointing toward the back of the yard.
Melody turned to see what Ted was gesturing at. There was a large, black, metal cylinder on the south side of the garage. The downspouts from both rain gutters joined in a Y and went into the top of the cylinder.
“Am I supposed to know what that is? It looks like one of those tanks used to catch rainwater. What do they call it? A cistern, I think?” Melody asked.
“It does catch rainwater, but more importantly, the black paint absorbs the heat from the sun and makes the water hot. I helped my Dad put that up years ago,” Ted replied.
“So I'm supposed to get hot water from that to fill the bathtub?” Melody asked.
“No, there is a shower head on the bottom of the tank. You can take a shower right underneath it,” Ted said.
Melody scoffed. “Ha! Out in the open? In your dreams, buddy!”
“There used to be a wooden screen around it, but I've been here by myself for so long, it seemed like a waste. I busted it up and burned it in the wood stoves last winter,” Ted said.
“Couldn't you have found something else to burn?” Melody asked.
“Sure I could have. I was burning all kinds of stuff, but when you're hauling all your wood by hand, you look for stuff that's not far from home. It was awfully convenient,” Ted replied. “If you want to wait, we can make some pots of water over the fire. But then you'll have to haul it all up to the bathroom.”
Melody considered this for several seconds. “Okay, but you are going to sit right here and I want to be able to see the back of your head at all times!”
Melody walked back to the garage to examine the shower setup. It was a pretty bare-bones affair. Mounted to the cinder block wall, just under the water tank, was a narrow shelf with a soap dish and a bottle of baby shampoo. To the right of the shelf, was a towel rack, fashioned from two wooden brackets and a length of broomstick. From the rack hung a plain white bath towel. To the left of the shelf, were several masonry nails driven into the mortar joints between the cinder blocks. From one nail, hung a long-handled back brush.
“Very luxurious!” Melody exclaimed. “I feel like I'm at the Ritz Carlton!”
“If it's not good enough, you can always go check with the neighbors to see if you can use their shower,” Ted replied.
“No, no, this will be fine. I'm going to need a few things though,” Melody said.
“Like what?” Ted asked.
“Most of them I've got in the shopping cart already. One thing I don't have and I am going to need is a mirror,” Melody said.
“Seriously? A mirror? Why?” Ted asked.
“Why? Because I'm a girl! That's why!” Melody exclaimed.
“Really? I hadn't noticed,” Ted replied. (Actually, he had noticed.)
“Yeah? Well guess what, idiot? I am! And that's all the reason you need!” Melody yelled, getting really agitated now. “Now are you going to get me a mirror or am I going to have to go find one myself?”
“Okay! Okay! Relax! I'm sorry. I was just having a little fun,” Ted replied. “I'm sure I can scare you up a mirror.”
Ted went into the house. Just inside the side door, on the right, was a half bathroom. The plumbing hadn't worked in a long time and the little bathroom had become a storage room of sorts. Being so close to the outside door, it was a convenient place for Ted to store his loot. He also kept shoes and coats and foul weather gear in there as well. All in all, it was piled pretty high with junk. After about fifteen minutes of shuffling things around, Ted managed to find the back wall of the bathroom. He leaned in to grab the mirror off the wall over the sink. As he came face to face with the mirror, Ted was shocked by what he saw.
If Ted had been in an unfamiliar place and caught a glimpse of the face looking back at him in the mirror, he would probably have shot at it. If he didn't know better, even now, he would have thought he was looking through a window at a stranger. He really couldn't remember when he had last looked in a mirror, but it must have been a long time. It had obviously been a long time since he'd sat in a barber's chair. He couldn't really remember the last time he had.
The slim angular face of a young man had replaced the round face of the awkward child that Ted was used to seeing in the mirror. His lifestyle had changed radically and he had changed with it. The laws of survival dictated that he should remain in perpetual motion. No longer were things given to him. If he wanted something, he had to provide it himself. He had plenty of food to survive, but without someone else to prepare and serve it, his caloric intake had plummeted. Electronics had all lost their seductive charm the day the power went out. Ted had absolutely no reason to spend time sitting on the couch anymore.
Ted's physical condition had changed dramatically, but the most striking change in his appearance was his eyes. They were the real reason he had been unable to recognize his own reflection. Over the last year he had caught glimpses of his reflection in windows. He had been aware, in a vague sort of way, that he'd lost weight and needed a haircut. Never since the coma, however, had he gotten a good look at his eyes. He'd had blue eyes his whole life, but now his irises had turned an almost impossibly pale shade of gray. Ted was all too familiar with this eye color. His eyes had become those of a zombie. They were still alive and full of expression, but the color was a perfect match for every one of his neighbors.
It was at this moment that, for the first time, Ted realized that the infection had left him profoundly changed. He wasn't just some kid who could move freely through a zombie horde. He had become something altogether different. Was he even himself anymore? He certainly felt like himself. Or did he? On second thought, Ted came to the conclusion that he didn't feel like himself at all. He felt fine; maybe as good as he ever had, but definitely different.
These thoughts brought on a flood of emotions that Ted didn't know how to deal with. He was starting to become frightened. Ted made a conscious effort to push these feelings aside and focus on the task at hand. He snatched the mirror off the wall and hurried back out into the yard.

Chapter Six
Busted

Ted hung the mirror from one of the nails on the wall next to the shower.
“That ought to do you,” Ted said.
“Yes, that's perfect,” Melody replied.
“Do you need anything else?” Ted asked.
“Nope. I don't think so,” Melody replied. “I think everything I need is in the shopping cart.”
“All right. I'm going to work on this fire a bit more,” Ted said.
“Just remember, I want to be able to see the back of your head at all times,” Melody said, rummaging through her new treasure in the shopping cart.
“Sure thing,” Ted replied, turning his chair towards the house. “I'll sit right here. I've got to watch the fire anyway.”
“Why don't you move your chair closer to the fire then?” Melody asked, glancing over at Ted. “You can't reach it from there.”
“It'll be fine,” Ted replied. “I don't want to be breathing in too much smoke.”
“Wait a second!” Melody scowled. “Stand up!”
Ted stood up and grabbed the lawn chair to move it closer to the fire.
“Nope! Leave the chair where it is!” Melody ordered.
Reluctantly, Ted set the chair back down and wandered over to poke at the fire with a long stick. Melody sat down in the chair and looked at the kitchen window. Reflected in the window, was a perfect view of the black water tank and the showerhead all the way down to the concrete pad that it hung over.
“Nice try you creepy little pig! Do you think I was born yesterday?” Melody exclaimed. “Just because it's your birthday, that doesn't mean I'm going to model my birthday suit for you.”
“What you are talking about? I never even noticed the reflection in that window. I was being a perfect gentleman,” Ted protested indignantly, but not very convincingly.
“You were being a perfect pervert.” Melody drew the long knife from her belt and pointed it at him. “Try something like that again and I'll neuter you!”
“Well it was worth a try,” Ted mumbled to himself.
“You sit over there and keep your eyes on the fire! I'll be watching you! By the way, if I stay here long, you'll be building me a new privacy screen,” Melody said, raising the knife over her head and bringing her arm down in a smooth arc. The knife flew through the air to stick solidly into a piece of firewood in the pile next to Ted's elbow, making a satisfying “thunk.”
Without replying, Ted edged his chair a bit further from the woodpile. For a while, he could detect no sound whatsoever. Then behind him, Ted could hear the valve on the showerhead turn followed by the sound of water splashing on concrete. He yelled over his shoulder. “That tank holds fifty five gallons, but we haven't had any rain in a while. I've been filling it up twenty gallons at a time. Just filled it this morning, but you should probably turn it off when you're using the soap so you don't run out of water.”
“I'll keep that in mind!” Melody replied.
Ted poked the fire. The large chunks of firewood he had started with were now reduced to a hot bed of coals. Perfect for cooking, but too hot to be sitting this close to on such a warm evening. Ted added a few fresh pieces of wood on top of the coals and pushed his chair back just a little bit.
“I'm watching you boy! Don't think I'm not!”
Ted raised both hands in a sign of surrender. A few minutes later, Ted heard the water stop splashing behind him, trailing off to a trickle and then just a steady dripping.
“Hey perv!” Melody called.
“Yes ma'am?” Ted replied.
“I was trying to conserve water, but I seem to have run out anyway. Unfortunately, I'm going to need some more. I need you to fetch me some. Didn't I see some five gallon buckets around here somewhere?” Melody said. “But watch yourself!”
Ted stood up and, carefully keeping his gaze on the back of the house, grabbed two buckets and went down the narrow steps into the basement to fill them at the hand pump. He came back up the stairs backwards; it wasn’t an easy feat carrying two buckets of water.
“Bravo!” Melody called across the yard. “I could have made do with one bucket. Why did you bring two?”
“Believe it or not, carrying two full buckets is easier than carrying one,” Ted replied. “It’s all a matter of balance, just simple science.”
“Okay, mister scientist, let's see how well you can carry out the rest of your mission. First of all, I want you to sidestep your way over to that shopping cart.”
Ted did as instructed. “Now what?”
“There are some brand new towels in there. Drape one over your head. I don't want to make you walk all the way over here backwards.”
“That's so kind of you,” Ted replied.
“Believe me, buddy. I’m not doing it for you. I just don't want you spilling my water, because then we'd have to go through this all over again.”
Ted draped the towel over his head as ordered and turned around. Try as he might, he could see nothing through the towel except tiny pinpricks of light. Stumbling and sloshing, he carried the two buckets toward the sound of Melody's voice.
“You’re getting closer champ. Closer. Closer. Stop!”
Ted could still make out nothing through the towel. He glanced down and could clearly see a row of ten perfectly clean pink toes, attached to two perfectly clean pink feet, standing in a puddle on the concrete sidewalk.
“Okay, you can set the buckets on the ground,” Melody said.
Ted struggled to maintain his balance as he set the two heavy buckets down.
“About face!” Melody ordered.
Ted turned back toward the house. Suddenly, the towel was yanked off his head and he could see again.
“Thank you,” Melody said sweetly; then, in sharp contrast, she barked out “Forward march!”
Ted hesitated for a moment. “Go!” Melody yelled, delivering a swift kick to the seat of his pants.
Ted wandered back over to the fireplace to poke at his fire and wonder about this marvelous and mysterious girl that had dropped into his life today. Over his shoulder, he could hear the splashing of the water as Melody upended the two in rapid succession. The shock of the cold water caused her to shriek uncontrollably with each bucket.
“My dad told me that well is almost two hundred feet deep,” Ted called over his shoulder. “The water always comes out nice and cold.”
“I noticed,” Melody replied. “Thanks for warning me about it ahead of time.”
“My pleasure.”
“I’ll bet!”

After a few more minutes of uncomfortable fire poking, Ted heard a voice over his shoulder, much closer this time.
“That was the most incredible experience I've had in as long as I can remember.”
Ted was afraid to move.
“At ease soldier,” Melody said.
Ted turned to look and was literally struck speechless. Melody had undergone the most complete (positive) transformation he had ever seen in a person. She was wearing a new white summer-weight dress. Her dark brown hair that had hung in rank coils earlier, though still damp, was now a mass of lustrous curls. Her face, which had been smudged and grimy when Ted first saw it, was now bright and glowing. The soles of her bare feet were still rough, but clean.
Ted could see now that Melody was thin, almost painfully so. She was not emaciated, but probably ten or fifteen pounds underweight. Her skin was pale, from months of hiding in shadows. Her arms and legs had numerous scratches and bruises, but none of these things detracted from her natural radiance. When he first laid eyes on her, she had been a fascinating but frightening sight. Now, Ted thought she was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.
“Wow. You look... different,” He managed to get out finally.
“Different?” Melody asked indignantly, raising her eyebrows.
Ted quickly corrected himself. “Nice... I mean you look nice.”
“Thanks... I guess,” Melody replied.
“Different? Nice?” Ted asked himself. “Real smooth, dumbass!”
Ted caught Melody's scent again. It was still strong and distinctive, but not at all objectionable.
“You smell a whole lot better now,” Ted said.
“Gee, thanks,” Melody replied. “One thing is for sure; this dress isn't doing me any favors. It was the smallest size they had in the women's department. How can I be smaller than a size zero? I look like I'm wearing a potato sack,” Melody said.
“Don't be silly,” Ted argued. “You look beautiful... in the dress I mean.”
“Well, that was a little better,” Ted told himself
“Thank you!” Melody exclaimed. “Wow, that is the most impressive bed of coals I've ever seen. It looks like you've been giving that your undivided attention for quite a while. I think we're ready to cook some grub. What's for dinner?”
“Not sure. I was thinking about the Tin Can Café special?”
“All right. What’s that?”
“I’m thinking grilled Spam, baked beans, fried potatoes and canned peaches? How does that sound?” Ted asked.
“I dunno. It's your birthday dinner. Sounds pretty good to me though. I did have peaches earlier, maybe pears?” Melody replied. “Ooh! I almost forgot! I've got to get working on your cake!”
Melody started rooting around in the shopping cart and pulling out her loot from Wal-Mart. Finally, she found the box of cake mix and started reading the directions.
“Oh, do you have vegetable oil?”
“Yup.”
“Have you got any eggs?”
“Nope.”
“Damn! Well I guess that puts an end to that idea. I've got some corn bread mix here. Do you like corn bread?” Melody asked.
“I love corn bread,” Ted replied.
“Okay! How do you think it will look with birthday candles in it?”
“I think it will look great,” Ted replied.
“All right! It's a plan! I know how to make some cornbread,” Melody said. “Ooh! Look what else I got!”
Melody produced a stack of shiny metallic cardboard party hats from the shopping cart, placing one on her head and snapping the elastic band under her chin. She reached across and plunked one down on Ted's head and said. “You're going to have to do your own chin strap. I can't reach.”
“Uh... maybe later,” Ted replied, pulling the hat off of his head and setting it on the picnic table.
“Oh no you don't mister! Everyone wears a hat. Put it back on now! I took the time to shoplift those hats and you are going to wear yours.”
Reluctantly, Ted picked the hat back up and placed it on his head. He didn’t bother with the elastic strap, (secretly hoping the hat would blow off and that would be the end of it). He grabbed the can of Spam and peeled the lid off. He squeezed the can over the cutting board until the quivering blob of meat plopped out, hitting the board with a hearty “smack!”
“How do you like your Spam sliced?” Ted asked. “Thick or thin?”
“I don't know. Thin?” Melody replied.
“You have chosen wisely!” Ted said. “Spam sliced thick is just lazy. If you're going to cook Spam, do it right.”
“I'm so hungry right now, I could eat it straight from the can,” Melody said. “I think you have put a little too much thought into the art of frying Spam.”
“A prophet is honored everywhere except in his own hometown,” Ted replied.
“So now we're a Spam prophet, are we?” Melody asked.
“Well, I can’t speak for you...”
Ted tossed a couple of Spam slices onto the wire grill over the bed of coals. They started sizzling immediately.
“This won't take long,” Ted said.

Chapter Seven
Questions and Answers

“Well mister prophet, seems like we have a lot of things to discuss. Would you like to ask the questions or answer them?” Melody asked.
“I think I'll answer questions first. I've already asked you questions. I'll have to think of some more,” Ted replied.
“Okay, I'll start then. Back in the store, you said you were 'sort of invisible to' the zombies. Exactly what did you mean by that and just how invisible are you?” Melody asked.
Ted thought about Melody's question for a moment. He quickly looked around for a prop and finally snatched up one of the party hats from the table.
“Follow me into the house and I'll show you,” Ted said. “But first give me a moment to get the meat off the grill. We don't want our Spam to get ruined,” Ted said.
“Heavens no! That would be terrible,” Melody replied.

Melody followed Ted into the kitchen and through the living room to the bay window in the front of the house. Ted pointed across the street at the zombie sitting on its front porch. 
“Do you see that old man over there?” Ted asked.
“Yeah I see. What about it?” Melody asked.
“That’s Mr. Hoover.”
“And?”
“And… I never invited him to the party. I don't think that was very neighborly. I'm going to go ask if he wants to join us,” Ted replied.
Melody raised an eyebrow.
“Just watch,” Ted said with a reassuring wink.

Ted opened the front door and, with a last glance back at Melody, carefully closed it behind him. He strode confidently across the street and Mr. Hoover's front lawn and plopped down right next to the zombie on the edge of its porch. Melody could hardly believe her eyes. Mr. Hoover seemed to take no notice of him at first. Ted took the shiny hat and placed it on Mr. Hoover's head.
Still nothing.
Ted pulled the hat’s elastic band down as far as he dared, until he thought it might break. He let go of the band and it snapped up under Mr. Hoover’s chin with what had to be a stinging blow. The old zombie rolled its eyes vaguely in Ted's direction and a low growl escaped from deep in the creature's throat. That was the full extent of Mr. Hoover's reaction. Ted put his arm around the zombie's shoulders and extended his hands palms up in a gesture that said 'What did I tell you?'
“Now, I want you to come out onto the porch!” Ted yelled.
“Are you sure that's a good idea?” Melody shouted back through the window.
Ted nodded. “Trust me!”
Tentatively, Melody opened the door and stepped outside. She stood apprehensively by the door with her arms crossed, waiting to dive back inside. There was no reaction from the zombie.
“So, you've shown me that you're safe from the zombies,” Melody called across the street. “Now what is the point of this part of the exercise?”
“Just wait!” Ted yelled. “I'm conducting a little experiment. Wait for it!”
“Just exactly what are you expecting to happen?”
“No idea.”
At exactly the same time that Ted caught Melody's scent, so did Mr. Hoover. The zombie's nostrils flared and it inhaled deeply. The reaction was so sudden; it caught even Ted off guard. Without hesitation, Mr. Hoover sprang into action, dashing across the grass in Melody's direction. 
“Oh shit!” Ted exclaimed.
Ted slid down off the porch and sprinted after the zombie. He dove onto the grass and grabbed Mr. Hoover around the ankles. The zombie came down hard, nearly smashing its face into the concrete sidewalk. Ted held onto the zombie's legs with all his strength as it tried to claw its way across the street toward Melody.
“Okay! The experiment is over! Time to go back in the house!” Ted yelled.
“Oh, I don't know. This is pretty entertaining,” Melody replied, covering her mouth with one hand to stifle a laugh.
“For the love of God!” Ted yelled. “I can't hold onto him much longer!”
“Okay! Okay! I'll give you a break,” Melody replied as she slipped back through the front door and locked it behind her.
Ted clutched onto the creature's ankles until, as Melody's scent faded, so did the zombie's thrashing. Finally Mr. Hoover lay perfectly still, face down on the grass, seeming not even to breathe. He seemed to be totally exhausted. Ted hauled him back over to the porch and dragged him up into a sitting position again. The zombie barely seemed able to even sit upright.
“Sorry Mr. Hoover. I guess that wasn't very nice,” Ted apologized, leaning the old man against one of the porch posts.
Ted crossed the street back to the house.

“Holy crap! That was amazing!” Melody screamed as Ted came back in the front door. “That could really come in handy sometime.”
“It's certainly made my life a lot easier,” Ted replied. “I think when we work out a strategy, it could work to your benefit as well.”
“I do believe you're right, but not right now,” Melody said. “You need to get back to the fire and get that Spam grilled. I hope my cornbread isn't on fire.”
Ted and Melody returned to the back yard. The sun was going down now and the temperature was starting to drop into a comfortable range. As the afternoon faded into evening, the western sky was lit with every shade of red and orange imaginable. In the east and overhead, the first stars were revealing themselves. Ted put the Spam back on the grill and dumped a can of sliced potatoes into the hot frying pan.
Ted looked up at the sky. “After dinner I want to show you something.”
“Okay, but not until after you've had your birthday corn bread,” Melody replied.
“So, now that you've seen my superhuman ability, what else would you like to know?” Ted asked.
“Well... Let’s see… there can certainly be no doubt that you're invisible to the zombies. You’ve proven that. Did the infection leave you changed in any other way?” Melody asked.
“Well, I only just learned that my eyes have changed color from blue to gray.” Ted replied.
“Yeah, I noticed that when I first saw you. I didn't want to say anything at the time, but your eyes are the color of a zombie’s,” Melody said. “I guess that's understandable considering the circumstances.”
“One thing I've been noticing quite recently also, is that I've developed a really serious sense of smell. I think that's how the zombies differentiate between other zombies and human targets,” Ted replied. “I could smell you all through the house this morning. I couldn't place the smell, but I knew it was there. Once I was in Wal-Mart I could smell where you were.”
“You could smell where I was, long before I ever saw you? And you still let me get the upper hand?”
“Seems that way.” Ted flipped the slices of Spam to cook on the other side.
“Pitiful,” Melody said. “Just pitiful.”
“Yeah and considering how strong you smelled...” Ted continued.
“Well, I have had a shower since then,” Melody replied, sniffing under her arm.
“Makes no difference. I could smell you as soon as you came out on the porch just now. Just about the same time as Mr. Hoover did,” Ted said. “By the way, are you wearing perfume?”
“No doubt. Moron! I grabbed some Chanel No5 when we were at Wal-Mart,” Melody replied sarcastically. “I'm sure that would make a lovely zombie attractant.”
“Like I said before, it wouldn't make any difference at all,” Ted said. “By the way, I know you were being sarcastic about the Chanel, but I'm sure I could scare some up for you if you want.”
“Thanks, but no thanks. Not exactly my style,” Melody replied. “Is there anything else you've noticed?”
“Well, there is one other thing that just occurred to me. I never really thought of it before I mentioned my sense of smell out loud,” Ted said.
“What's that?” Melody asked.
“Usually, all summer long I have to deal with seasonal allergies. I shouldn't be able to smell anything this time of year, but I haven't had trouble breathing in as long as I can remember. I haven't taken any allergy medicine in probably a year I think. Come to think of it, I've been carrying my asthma inhaler every day and I can't remember the last time I used that either.”
“Might just be all this clean living,” Melody replied. “I think I read somewhere that the former cannibals in New Guinea use Spam to treat respiratory ailments.”
“Hmm... Interesting theory, Maybe we should conduct a clinical trial?” Ted replied.
“I'm afraid we haven't got a control group,” Melody replied.

After they finished their dinner, Melody perked a pot of coffee over the fire and Ted blew out the candles on his corn bread. Then the two of them sat out under the stars in the cool night air, enjoying their coffee and cornbread and discussing the state of the Union. When they had finished their coffee, Ted set down his cup and jumped to his feet.
“Okay, now I want to show you something,” Ted said. “Do you want to see one of the things that has kept me sane for the last year?”
“Oh, desperately,” Melody replied. “I'm not sure that it worked though.”
“You make a valid point,” Ted replied. “But follow me anyway.”
“What about the dishes?” Melody asked.
“Forget about them,” Ted said. “We'll get them tomorrow morning.”
Melody followed Ted into the house. He grabbed a large blanket off the couch in the living room. The two of them made their way up to the third floor of the house by the flickering light of a single candle that Ted had jammed in the top of an old bottle. Ted slid a window open and they climbed out onto the roof.
Ted threw the blanket out, letting it settle flat on the metal roof. He sat down on one side of the blanket and lay down.
“Hey, wait a second, mister! This isn't some new, lame attempt to get me in a compromising position is it?” Melody asked.
“Wow, you really think the worst of me now, don't you?” Ted asked in an offended tone. “You can stay all the way over on the other side of the blanket. Hell, you can go lay down on the metal roof with no blanket for that matter.”
“Okay, okay, don't get your panties in a twist, Powers!” Melody replied, lying down on the other side of the blanket. “I'm just messing with you a bit is all.”
“Just get comfortable and look up,” Ted replied.
Ted lay on his back and stared at the wide expanse of stars overhead. Ever since the final blackout last summer, the cosmos had really come out of hiding. Ted had never really seen a dark night until then. The ambient light from civilization had drowned out all but the brightest stars when he was growing up in this neighborhood. Now, the Milky Way painted a bright splash across the night sky. They might as well have been on the top of a mountain in Alaska or floating on a raft in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. It was easy to get lost in a sky like that.
“Okay, now I'm situated,” Melody said. “What am I supposed to be looking at?”
“We're not looking at anything. Not yet anyway. Right now, we're looking for something,” Ted replied. “Just wait for it.”  
Ted stared intently at the sky for several minutes. Just about when Melody thought she couldn't take the silence any longer, Ted suddenly pointed at the sky. Melody had been so focused on looking for ‘something’, she almost jumped off the blanket.
“There!” Ted exclaimed.
Melody followed Ted's finger and spotted it, a tiny pinprick of light moving steadily and slowly across the sky. It seemed to be blinking red and blue lights.
“Oh yeah, I see it. So, it's obviously not an airplane.”
“Nope, not an airplane.”
“Then what is it?” Melody asked.
“It's a satellite,” Ted replied.
“What, like a communications satellite?” Melody asked.
“It could be I guess, or any other kind of satellite. It could even just be a piece of what they called space junk. Spacecraft and satellites would eject all kinds of crap when they deployed. Booster engines, covers for panels, you name it. That one is pretty bright. It must be big. Could be the ISS.”
“What's the ISS?” Melody asked.
“International Space Station,” Ted replied. “I often wonder when I'm out here looking up at the sky, if there was anyone on board the ISS when all of this happened. They would have had no way home. Poor bastards would probably still be up there. Dead by now I'm sure.”
“Wouldn't they have some kind of spaceship or something to come home on?” Melody asked.
“Yes. I'm sure that they had some kind of craft docked to the station, but without mission control to bring them home, I don't know if they could have made it back. If they did make it back to Earth on their own, they would end up floating in the middle of the ocean with no one to pick them up.”
“What if it was the Space Shuttle? That landed on a runway didn't it?” Melody asked.
“Yeah, a runway that was probably crawling with zombies,” Ted replied.
“You're not exactly a glass-half-full kind of guy are you?” Melody asked.
“No, I guess not,” Ted replied.
“So... why do you come out here? Just to make yourself depressed?” Melody asked.
“No. When I was alone, it was very easy to think I was the last person on Earth. Even though I am surrounded by man-made items every day I would start to feel as though I might have been the only person who ever existed. When I would come out here at night, I could see these satellites. I know that they were set in motion by other living human beings. I don't know of many other things you could say that about nowadays,” Ted said.
“I'd like to tell you that was deep or profound, but I think it's a bit of a stretch,” Melody replied.
“Well, I'm just trying to tell you how I made it through all this time,” Ted said.
“I know and I'm glad that you brought me up here and showed me this,” Melody replied. “I'm just saying that all I need to remind me that other people were here is to look at all those things out on the street. They are walking, breathing proof.”
“I try to ignore them most of the time,” Ted replied.
“I haven't had that luxury,” Melody said.
“Well, I guess we've both had a long day,” Ted said. “Shall I show the lady to her quarters?”
“Sure,” Melody replied. “I could use some real sleep.”
They climbed back through the window and Ted led Melody downstairs to his sister's room. It was the only bedroom already unoccupied when the outbreak happened.
“I think this ought to serve you fine. My sister hasn't lived here in quite a while. Do you need anything you don't have? I might have what you need,” Ted offered.
“My toothbrush is down to about one bristle I think. I forgot to get one at Wal-Mart today,” Melody replied.
“I've got plenty in my supplies,” Ted replied. “I'll be right back.”
A few minutes later, Ted returned with a new toothbrush and a new tube of toothpaste and a bowl of water.
“If there is anything else you need, just let me know,” Ted said. “I'll be right downstairs. I won't be sleeping in the basement tonight. I'll be on the sofa in the living room.”
“Okay. Good night,” Melody said.
“Good night,” Ted replied.
Ted went down to the living room. He arranged some pillows and a blanket on the sofa. He then drew the Gold Cup from its holster and checked the chamber for a loaded round. Satisfied that the pistol was ready for action, he set it on the coffee table and got in a comfortable sitting position on the sofa.
Ted meant to stand watch through the night.

Chapter Eight
Payback

The birds were clamoring outside on the feeders when Ted opened his eyes. He could tell something had changed. He definitely wasn't sitting upright anymore. He was teetering on the edge of the sofa. One leg was dragging on the floor. He was lying on one arm that had gone completely numb. He tried to roll back from the edge, but something was blocking him.
Rolling over, Ted was confronted by a log covered with a blanket. Who had put a log on his mother's good sofa? Gingerly, he pulled back one end of the blanket, exposing a giant pile of dark curly hair. It reminded him of a sleeping octopus. Moving a couple of the tentacles aside exposed a single, open, brown eye.
“Good morning idiot,” The octopus said.
“Morning witch,” Ted replied. “What exactly do you think you are doing on my sofa?”
“I just couldn't bring myself to mess up your sister's room,” Melody said. “I sat on the edge of her bed for probably half an hour, before I finally decided to come down here. You can't imagine how many nights I've spent alone in strange places, not knowing if I would even wake up in the morning. I've slept on the ground under cars, in ditches, inside of culvert pipes. A pile of hay in a barn was like a five-star hotel for me until last night. That was the easiest night I've had in months.
When Ted started to think about it, it was the best night's sleep he'd had in a long time also. This was the first night he could remember that he hadn't woken in a cold sweat. There had been no nightmare to try to remember, nothing but blissful sleep.
“Some watchman you are, by the way!” Melody scoffed. “How the hell were you planning to protect me from zombies? You didn't even feel me crawling over you, thirty minutes after we parted ways? I can tell I'm going to be real safe with you.”
Ted almost started to tell her about the nightmares and his usually fitful sleep, but he decided that it could wait for another time. Now it was time to change the course of the conversation in a more productive direction.
“So, witch, what should we do today?” Ted asked.
“I'm going to get a bit more shuteye,” Melody proclaimed. “I've been pretty comfortable here, but I didn't get much sleep. I was mostly watching over you.”
Ted raised an arm and took a sniff. “I guess I could use to take a shower.”
Melody made a fake grimace. “Mmm… I didn't want to say anything, but…”
“Ha! Thanks! So, you're going to sleep some more?” Ted asked.
“With your permission.”
“Permission granted. I think you probably need it,” Ted replied, standing up.
Ted went down into the basement and checked off another day on the calendar.
“So far, fourteen is feeling a whole lot different than thirteen.”
Grabbing a small plastic bucket, Ted went back to the well and worked the pump handle, splashing ice-cold water into the bucket until it was almost full. Next, he knelt next to a small panel in the basement floor. This panel covered the entrance to a pit that his father had dug. This pit worked pretty effectively as a cold cellar. Lifting the lid off of the cold cellar, Ted started hauling on the rope that descended into the darkness. Momentarily, a shopping basket with an assortment of drinks in it appeared out of the gloom. Selecting a bottle of apple juice out of the collection, he carefully lowered the basket back into the pit. He floated the bottle in the bucket of cold water and took it up to the kitchen, setting it on the table.
Next, Ted went out onto the porch, scattering the birds at the feeders. Carefully he took each feeder down, filling it with sunflower seeds and hung it back up. All the while, the birds sat in the concertina wire above his head, scolding him for being late again. After the birds had returned to their breakfast, Ted walked back to the garage. Inside the door was a shelf with towels and soap and shampoo. He grabbed what he needed and headed for the shower.

Ted was just about finished with his shower and was rinsing the shampoo out of his hair. When his face was rinsed, he opened his eyes, blinking them to clear away the last traces of soap. When he could finally see again, Ted was shocked by the sight that confronted him. Melody was sitting in a lawn chair about five feet away with a glass of apple juice in hand, staring at him intently.
“Hey there!” Melody said.
“What the f-?” Ted stammered, spinning around and grabbing a towel to cover himself.
“Whoo-hoo! Looks like you didn't let that cold well water warm up enough!”
“I thought you were going back to sleep!” Ted yelled.
“Turns out, I couldn't sleep and your TV doesn’t seem to work. So... I thought I'd come out here and see what you were up to,” Melody said with all the mock innocence she could muster.
“I guess we see who the real pervert is now!” Ted screeched, still fumbling to wrap a towel around his waist.
“Pfft! You wish!” Melody scoffed. “I grew up in a farmhouse, taking care of four younger brothers while my parents worked. I hardly need to get a look at your lily-white butt to get my jollies, idiot! I was just giving you a little extra incentive to get that privacy barrier rebuilt.”
Melody was having a lot of fun at Ted's expense but judging from his bright red face and flustered manner, he clearly wasn't having any of it. As Ted dashed into the house, Melody was laughing so hard she almost fell off of her chair.
“Ha ha ha! Be careful, Powers! You shouldn't run with wet feet!” Melody yelled after him.
After seeing Ted's reaction to her little prank, Melody started to feel a little remorseful. She followed him into the house to see if she could soothe his bruised ego. Going into the kitchen, Melody found the basement door closed and bolted from the inside. Gently, she knocked on the door.
“Ted? Are you down there?” Melody called out in a soft voice.
Melody listened through the door, but could hear nothing. She knocked again. “Teddy?”
“What do you want?” Ted called back. “Haven't you had your fun already?”
“Would you open the door please?” Melody asked. “I'm sorry,” She continued.
“Why would you want to come down here? There is nothing to see now. I'm dressed again,” Ted replied.
“Look, I'm sorry. I didn't think you would take it so hard. I was just trying to show that turnaround is fair play,” Melody said in her most soothing tone.
“Well, I guess you made your point then,” Ted called back up the stairs.
“Come on! I was just trying to clear the air between us. So, maybe I took it a little too far. Can't you forgive me?”
Melody listened for a response but heard nothing from downstairs but the sound of things being thrown around roughly.
Down in the basement, Ted was still trying to calm down, but was starting to wonder if he hadn't overreacted a bit himself. His expression of self-righteous indignance had been a bit over-the-top. It was starting to make him feel a bit silly really.
Melody called down through the door again. “Teddy? Darling? I'm sorry! It was wrong of me to do that. If you come back up here, I'll make you a special post-birthday breakfast!” She accented 'breakfast' with her sweetest tone.
Ted knew that “Teddy Darling” was just Melody's way of being sarcastically patronizing, but it was having the desired effect. When she addressed him that way, he discovered that it softened him up considerably.
On the other side of the door, Melody could hear the deadbolts turning and the door swung open. She grabbed Ted and squeezed him as hard as she could. Ted just stared up at the ceiling, letting his arms hang down at his sides.
“I really am sorry. I was just trying to be funny. It really wasn't meant to be mean,” Melody pleaded.
Ted raised his eyebrows and gave Melody a questioning look, but said nothing.
“Well, not that mean,” Melody continued.
“I suppose I deserved that,” he replied finally. “But I would like take this opportunity to point out that the water was cold.”
“Oh, come on! I was just poking fun! The only thing I was looking at was how well you rinse the shampoo out of your hair.”
“Nonetheless, that water was cold. I just want that to go on the record,” Ted reiterated. “Now, witch, what are you brewing up for this 'special breakfast'?”
Melody adopted a rather embarrassed look. “I have no idea. What do you have for me to work with?”
“Well, let’s see what we've got,” Ted said.
Ted found some pancake mix on the shelves that only required water and oil to make a batter. Melody whipped up a mess of pancakes and a pot of coffee. Even though neither of them had seen a stick of butter in over a year, they still had maple syrup and they enjoyed their pancakes all the same. Over breakfast, Melody continued her inquisition.
“So, I guess the biggest unanswered question I have is how did you end up here by yourself? You've got me pretty convinced that you did survive the infection, but how did you end up all alone in this house? All alone in this town for that matter?” Melody asked.
“That's just the thing. I don't know exactly,” Ted replied. “If you can come up with the answer to that question, you'll be several steps ahead of me.”
“I'll do my best to help you figure it out if you tell me what you know,” said Melody.
“Well... Just about a year ago, I woke up on my bedroom floor. There was no one here and no indication of where they had gone,” Ted said.
“Who was here when you went into the coma?” Melody asked.
“My Mom and Dad and my younger brother Arthur and a few other survivors,” Ted answered.
“It wasn’t just your family then? There were others?” Melody asked.
“There were a few. My dad had tried to prepare for this sort of event. He did a pretty good job. Our house was the best equipped in the neighborhood. At least we thought it was,” Ted replied. “When everything started happening so fast, we took in some of our neighbors who were lucky enough to survive the first onslaught. We wouldn't have had enough food and supplies here for everybody, but everyone else died or transformed or skipped town so quickly that it wasn't really a problem. Before we knew it, we were all alone in town, except for the infected. By working together, we discovered we could go out and get most of what we needed as long as we could avoid, or fight off, the infected.”
“So, I guess you could say that your dad was one of those 'preppers'?” Melody asked.
“I suppose you could say that,” replied Ted. “He got interested, a few years before the outbreak, in what could be done to keep us alive if anything like this ever happened. He bought two wood stoves and started storing wood. We put a hand pump back on the old well in the basement even though we were connected to the public water lines. You already know about the solar shower. The outhouse, on the other side of the garage, had been filled in years ago with crushed stone. My Dad and I spent about four weekends digging all the stone and 'other stuff' out. I was small enough to go down the hole, so I would fill buckets with the dirt and my dad hauled it up with a rope and spread it in the garden.”
“Oh gross!” Melody exclaimed. “You were down in there?”
“Yeah, but it hadn't been used in like a hundred years or something. There was nothing under the stone, but black dirt. It didn't stink or anything,” Ted replied.
“I hate to tell you buddy, but that 'black dirt' was nothing but crap!” Melody said.
“It certainly did make the veggies in the garden grow like crazy!” Ted said.
“I'll bet!” Melody replied.
“Well, you should be thanking us anyway. Now you don't have to go out and squat in the bushes while you try to take care of business and watch over your shoulder for zombies,” Ted replied.
“BTDT,” Melody replied. “Oh, I'm definitely not complaining.”
“You can just be glad I didn't tear down the new outhouse we built and break it up for firewood also,” Ted said.
“I'm surprised you didn't” Melody replied.
“Too cold in the winter to go without a roof over your head,” Ted said.
“What was the outbreak like here?” Melody asked.
“Probably the same as where you were,” Ted replied. “It all happened so fast, that it's really just a blur. Before we knew it, everyone was gone or dead or worse. All the houses were empty and the few cars left on the street had all the gas siphoned out of them.”
“Actually, that's not really what happened to us. We saw the first reports on the news, but the TV broadcasts didn't last for very long after the outbreak.”
“The cable went out pretty quick here too, but we had an old antenna on the roof.” Ted replied. “We got local broadcasts from Philadelphia for a while, but I think that only lasted a few days. After that, the closest thing to news that we had was gossip from the neighbors. Rumors were spreading about all kinds of stuff, but who knew which of them you could believe?”
“Yeah, well we got most of our news out of New York City and that didn't last long either,” Melody said. “After the news reports stopped, we had no way of knowing what was happening out in the world. Our closest neighbor was about a mile away and we didn't see anyone for quite a while. Cars would pass by, out on the main road, but none stopped or even slowed down by our place. We had pretty much food stored up also and my parents decided we should stay holed up until we could see what was going on outside.”
“How long did that last?” Ted asked.
“Just about two weeks,” Melody replied.
“Then what? Did you run out of food?” Ted asked.
“No. We had plenty,” Melody said. “My dad kept working the farm as best he could. We all took turns standing watch from the roof.”
“Yeah, we did that too.”
“In only a few days, the passing cars stopped and we didn't see anything for a week or so. Then, on the morning of the twelfth day, my youngest brother, Ethan, called down that he could see black smoke coming from the direction of the neighbors' house. My parents discussed what to do and finally decided that they couldn't stand by when our neighbors might need help. My dad got his rifle and jumped in the truck to drive over there. Before he was halfway down the driveway, Ethan called down that he saw someone walking toward the house. He said it was Mrs. Cabot from next door. She collapsed in the middle of the lane and my dad stopped and loaded her in the truck.  He brought her back to the house. When we took her out of the truck, she was catatonic. Her eyes were open, but she wouldn't react to anything. We didn't see the bandages wrapped around her waist until later. My mom and I carried her inside and put her in bed in the guest room, while my dad went to check out the Cabots' farm. He came back about twenty minutes later. He said the house was a blazing inferno by the time he got there. He searched all around the house and through all the outbuildings, but he didn't see anyone else.”
“So, Mrs. Cabot was infected?” Ted asked.
“I think actually not,” Melody replied. “When my mom and I had a chance to examine her more closely, we discovered her bandages. When we removed them, we could see that she had been stabbed in the side. We never did find out how. We had no way of knowing how bad her internal injuries were, so we cleaned the wound as well as we could and my dad stitched her up. By the evening, her condition hadn't changed. We had started eating dinner when we heard the sound of glass breaking. The noise came from the guest room. That room was on the first floor and the window opened onto the side porch of our house. We all jumped up and went to see what had happened. We opened the door to the guest room, to find the window frame smashed. Mrs. Cabot was still unconscious in bed, but Mr. Cabot was there also then, standing over her. He must have followed his wife's scent right to our window. Mr. Cabot never even seemed to take notice of us. He just jumped on his wife and started...” Melody shuddered, “eating her.”
“Oh shit,” Ted replied.
“Yeah,” Melody said. “Today, of course, I would shoot the both of them at that point, but we had never seen anything like that before. My Dad ran and tried to pull Mr. Cabot off of Mrs. Cabot,” Melody shook her head. “He just didn't know any better.”
Melody fell silent. Her head dropped suddenly and she started sobbing uncontrollably. Ted didn't know how to react. Ever since he had met her, Melody had seemed to him to be tough as nails. Now, as he watched her break down, he didn't know what to do.
“Well, you'd better do something, Powers!”
Ted's mind raced. Everything he could think of to say sounded cheesy to him. Timidly, Ted stood up and approached Melody. All he could think to do was to put his arms around her. Before he could reach her, Melody sprang up, sending her chair flying across the room. In a flash, she ran out the side door into the yard.
If Ted had been confused before, now he was completely baffled about what to do. He went to the back kitchen window and looked out into the yard. He was relieved to see the back gate still closed and Melody sitting at the picnic table. Her head was down on the table, on top of her folded arms and Ted could see her shoulders heaving up and down as she cried inconsolably. Ted was petrified. He went out onto the back porch to keep an eye on her from a distance.
When Melody's crying had subsided a bit, Ted approached her cautiously and sat down across the table from her. Melody picked up her head and wiped her eyes with her palms, still sniffing convulsively. Ted reached into his back pocket and pulled out a bandanna, offering it to Melody. Melody looked at it skeptically. Ted finally worked up the courage to break the silence.
“Don't worry. It's brand new,” Ted said “I just opened the package this morning.”
Melody accepted the bandanna without a word and blew her nose on it. She handed it back to Ted.
“Uh, that's okay, you keep it,” Ted said, frowning. “I've got more.”
Melody's face broke into a thin smile. “Oh, I guess that's kind of-”
“Repulsive? Ted replied with a perfectly straight face.
Melody gave a little laugh and snorted convulsively at the same time, which brought on a fit of coughing. She didn't seem to be able to get her breathing under control right away and Ted started to be concerned that she might choke. He jumped up and ran around the table to pat her on the back.
Melody's breathing became more regular again and she managed to gasp out, “It's all right. I'm okay. Don't make me laugh when I'm crying, damn it!”
“I wasn't joking,” Ted said, sitting back down across the table from Melody. “You've really got my stomach churning. I just hope I can keep my breakfast down.”
“Damn it! Stop!” Melody yelled, alternating now between laughing and sniffing and coughing. “You're going to kill me!”
“I'm sorry,” Ted began in a more serious tone. “I shouldn't have dredged all that up.”
Melody reached across the table, grabbing Ted's hand tightly. “Don't be silly. I'm the one who started asking questions. Besides, you have every right to know as much about me as I know about you.”
“Well, I'm sorry anyway,” Ted said.
“Well, we all have a lot to be sorry about don't we? It's just...” Melody sniffled again. “I keep thinking I'm all out of tears. It never turns out to be true though.”
Ted and Melody sat in silence for a while. Neither of them seemed to know what else to say. Finally, Ted went back inside the house. A few seconds later, he emerged carrying their empty coffee cups. He poured two fresh cups and went back to the picnic table, placing one cup in front of Melody.
“So, I believe you were asking me about my story,” Ted began. “Where did I leave off?”
“Well, you told me you were here with your family and a few other survivors,” Melody reminded him.
“Oh yeah, right. So, for a month or so after the outbreak, all of my family was here except for my sister. She's seven years older than I am and she was away at college when the whole thing started. There were a few other people here with us. There was Mr. Hoover's daughter, Ellen. She was about the same age as my parents. She tried to take care of her dad after he was bitten. He was one of the first neighbors to get infected. Mr. Hoover quickly became unmanageable and Ellen ended up coming over here. She didn't know what to do with him or what was wrong. No one knew what was wrong at that point. My dad kept Mr. Hoover quarantined over in his house. By the time we really figured out what was happening, Mr. Hoover had already made the transition. Soon, it became clear that the world was falling apart. Nothing could be done for the infected and no help was coming for the healthy survivors. Finally, we came to the conclusion that we should really do something about Mr. Hoover, but Ellen was really in denial and my dad didn't have the heart to do that to her.”
“I can imagine how difficult it must have been to deal with her,” Melody said. “I know what she went through.”
“It was pretty tough to take,” Ted said. “Ellen would open one of the upstairs windows and talk to her dad even though he was completely out of it by then. He was a lot more active than he is now and would wander around all over the neighborhood. A couple of times, Ellen tried to sneak out to give him some water. At least she realized that he wasn't interested in food. I think she was the one who left the back gate unlatched when one of the zombies got into the yard. That's how I got bitten.”
“Can I take a look at your scar? If you don't mind?” Melody said.
Ted was self-conscious about the ugly mark and kept it out of view as much as possible, but he held out his wrist now for Melody to see. Melody took his hand in hers and turned his forearm over to get a good look at both sides. She drew in a sharp breath through her teeth.
“That looks nasty. I've never seen anything like it before. Does it hurt?”
“No, There is really no feeling there at all. Sometimes, I'll have a sharp pain there but it never lasts long.”
“Does it happen often? The pain, I mean?” Melody asked.
“No, the last time was when I caught your scent in Wal-Mart, but like I said it goes away pretty quickly,” Ted replied.
“Did it take a long time to heal?” Melody let go of Ted's wrist.
“No, it was actually completely healed when I came around from the coma.” Ted held his wrist up in front of his face and massaged the grayish skin with his other hand. When he pulled his hand away, there was no noticeable change in the color of the scar. “It's faded a bit in the last year, but it looked pretty much like this when I first saw it.”
“Wow, that is fast. It would have had to heal in only a little more than a week, right?” Melody asked.
Ted nodded. “About ten days I think.”
“So, that was it then, just the five of you?” Melody asked.
“No, there were others. Um… there was Mike. He wasn't from around here. He lived somewhere in the suburbs around Philadelphia, but he was from New York originally, Staten Island I think. He was on his way there when his car ran out of gas. He literally coasted into the gas station down the street. He’d been just running on fumes apparently. Unfortunately for him, the power had been out for a few days at that point and the pumps weren't working any more. There was gas down in the tanks, but no way to get it above ground. Mike quickly found himself locked in the car and surrounded by zombies. He sat there blowing his horn with no way to get out. Luckily for him, we heard the car horn and came to investigate. We expended a fair amount of ammo rescuing him from that situation. He came back here with us to wait and see if someone else would pass through going his way, but that never happened. He really was a city boy, but he wasn't afraid to try anything. I never saw anyone who could split wood like that guy either. We all liked Mike.”
“Anyone else?” Melody asked.
“Yes. There was Amy. We found Amy on the other side of town. She had been holed up in her apartment since the outbreak. She was a health nut and had survived for several weeks on bottled water and bulk granola or some other kind of healthy crap. Amy was a trauma nurse. I think she is the one who kept me alive when I was in real bad shape. Dad and Mike cleaned out most of the local pharmacies and medical offices after everyone else was gone. We had plenty of medical supplies, but without Amy's expertise, I don't know if I'd be sitting here with you now.”
“Thank you, Amy,” Melody said.
“I've got a lot to thank every one of them for,” Ted said.
“So, what happened after you were bitten?” Melody asked.
“The same thing that always happens, at least in the beginning anyway. I got really sick right away. I'd seen it enough to know what was going to happen to me. I was pretty scared, but everyone kept telling me I was going to be all right. I knew it wasn't true, but it still helped me get through the worst of it, I think. So many others must have gone through that all alone. I can't imagine what it was like for them. I don't remember much after the fever hit. After I woke up, I found my dad's journal, which filled in a lot of the rest. Unfortunately, the journal ends three days before I woke up. I have no idea what happened in those three days, probably the most important days of my life,” Ted said. “I must have read that journal five hundred times looking for some clue, but I still don't have any real answers.”
“Can I read it?” Melody asked. “Maybe a fresh set of eyes will see something you missed.”
“Sure. I'll get it for you. It will be great if you do find something I missed.”
Ted disappeared into the house and came back a few moments later, carrying a tattered composition book with scraps of paper poking out of the top, marking important pages. He offered it to Melody.
“Here you go. Do you want to read it now?”
Melody took the book and began flipping through it. “No time like the present, I guess.”
“Okay. Well I think I'd better get started on making some sort of a shower curtain. If you need me that's where I'll be,” Ted said, heading towards the garage.
Melody went back into the house to the living room and sat down on the sofa. When she had gotten herself comfortable, she opened the journal to the first place marker.

Chapter Nine
Dad's Journal (Excerpt)

August 17
Very difficult day. I'm really not sure how we will get through this. Somehow the back gate was left unsecured and one of the infected got into the yard. Teddy was working in the garden and was bitten. I think he was taken by surprise. He was obviously in shock and we were unable to get a coherent account of the attack from him. Amy has his condition stabilized. Jess is beside herself. She is sure that she knows who left the gate unlocked. She is probably right, but I am not willing to cast the blame on someone who is already mentally and emotionally wrecked. The infected individual who bit Teddy was the Hollenbach woman from three houses up the street. I dealt with her.

August 18
We are beside ourselves. It's become quite obvious that Teddy is infected. He is exhibiting the early flu-like symptoms that generally precede the more severe effects of full-blown infection. Amy has been working day and night with a PDR to try to determine if any of the prescription medications at our disposal might be useful in Teddy's treatment. Right now, we are just administering over the counter analgesic pain medication to reduce his fever. Jess has convinced herself that Teddy has the flu and will recover in a day or two. She puts on a happy face down here, then locks herself in our room and cries.
Update: We do have the contents of several pharmacies here. Amy has identified one antiviral drug, Pleconaril, in our inventory. There is no way for us to determine if the drug is effective against this virus or indeed if it even is a virus at all. I don't know what to do.
Update: We have decided to administer the Pleconaril. We really have nothing to lose. If we don't do something, I know that Teddy will certainly die or turn.

August 19
After administering the antiviral drug last night, Teddy slept through the night. His condition seems to be slightly improved. Or is it just wishful thinking on my part? We can only watch and wait now. We are further fortifying our position. We finally finished installing the concertina wire on top of the fence.
Update: After my hopeful report of this morning, Teddy has taken a turn for the worse. His fever has skyrocketed in the last twelve hours. Currently 103 degrees. Amy and Jess are preparing a cold bath to try to get the fever under control. Teddy is currently unresponsive, but during his brief periods of consciousness, he is becoming more and more delusional.
Update: After the cold bath, Teddy's fever is now down to a more normal temperature, but he is completely delirious and is becoming quite aggressive during his brief periods of consciousness. I fear we may have to restrain him in the future.

August 20
Teddy had a pretty quiet night. Amy now has him pretty well sedated as well as giving him antivirals and anti-inflammatory meds.  I don't know if I will be able to survive this. I can't watch my boy going through this much longer. Arthur sits with him and talks nonstop. I don't think he knows how to deal with this either, but is doing pretty well considering. I think Jess has finally given up on talking about Teddy's “flu.” On the downside, she seems to have shut down completely. I am starting to be more concerned about her long-term prognosis than Teddy's.
Update: Teddy seems to have lost interest in most foods. He will only eat meat, but the canned meats and salt cured venison that we have don't seem to agree with him. He will eat and then vomit 15-30 minutes later. I will not give him any more, as I am afraid of his becoming dehydrated. He will drink water, but is starting to have trouble swallowing.

August 21
Teddy is completely bedridden now. Arthur managed to get him out to the outhouse last evening, but Teddy collapsed on the way back to the house. We have rigged up his room with a bedpan and Amy is running an IV drip to keep Teddy hydrated. He slips in and out of consciousness. I passed by the room earlier and Arthur was sitting with Teddy. Arthur was whistling the Colonel Bogey March like they used to do when we would go hiking.
Update: It is now 3:00 am. About an hour ago, Ted managed to get himself out of bed and wandered into Ellen's room. Luckily, she woke up when she heard the door creaking. She was awake when Teddy attacked her. He was barely able to stand up, but still gave her a pretty good fight from her description of it. Ellen was uninjured. We got Ted settled again and Amy gave him a pretty heavy shot of sedatives. Mike and I just finished installing a hasp and padlock on the outside of Ted's bedroom door, to prevent any more late night “excursions.”

August 22
Ted is completely delirious now. When he is semi-conscious, he becomes extremely aggressive. He tries to grab and bite anyone who gets too close to him. No one can attend to him alone, except for Arthur. Arthur seems to have a calming effect on his brother and still spends most of his day by Teddy's bedside, I think the time has come to restrain Ted for his own safety and that of everyone else. It is obvious that the antiviral meds aren't working. I've asked Amy to discontinue administering the antivirals to Teddy. She is apprehensive about changing his treatment regimen while he is in this condition. I guess we will just have to wait and see. Mike is working on making a set of restraints from leather belts and towels.
Update: It has finally happened. Teddy woke up this afternoon briefly and tried to attack his brother. In his weakened state, he was unable to bite Arthur and Arthur held him down until we were able to come to his assistance. Mike finished the restraints and we installed them on Ted's bed this afternoon.

August 23
Teddy's condition continues to deteriorate. He is fully restrained now and we are keeping his door locked from the outside. All of this seems almost ridiculous, as he is now basically catatonic. I fear that I will never again be able to look in my boy's eyes and see him looking back at me. They are not even his eyes any more. His irises have started to change. How did this happen to us? What will we do? I fear the inevitable, but I can't bring myself to even think about what we must do. I feel like just going for a walk to see how far I make it.
Update: Teddy's condition is unchanged. We are all under a lot of stress. I think most of us are at the point of cracking. Jess is not much more responsive than Teddy. She is in total denial and will not discuss the situation with anyone. I don't know what I'm going to do with her. Mike has been picking up a lot of the slack from everyone else. I don't know what we will do if and when he leaves. He was standing lookout on the roof this afternoon and swears he heard the noise of helicopter rotors from the north, maybe just beyond the hill. No one else heard a thing. I think we all need some rest, probably Mike more than anyone.

Chapter Ten
Preparations

Ted was still working on rigging a temporary privacy barrier around the shower when Melody came to find him. She flopped down on the lawn chair in front of him with the composition book on her lap and let out a long sigh. 
“Hey,” Melody said.
“Hi,” Ted replied. “So, you read it all already?”
“I skimmed over most of it, but I read the parts you had marked. I read the last week several times. I don't know what to say. It all seems pretty straightforward. I can't imagine that I saw anything in there that you didn't,” Melody said.
“You never know,” Ted replied. “You may have a different perspective on it.”
“What happened after the journal ends?” Melody asked. “You say you woke up three days later? How do you know?”
Ted raised his left arm and pointed to his wrist. “That all happened before I got my Rolex. I was still wearing a Casio that showed the date.”
“Surely, you're not trying to tell me that the Rolex doesn't have a date display?” Melody said.
“Well certainly it does. It also has an auto-winding mechanical movement that will stop running after several days of inactivity. That is if the wearer was in... say... a coma or something? The Casio has a battery.”
“Okay mister sarcastic. Let me get this straight. Are you saying that the Casio is superior to the Rolex?” Melody asked.
“Apples and oranges,” Ted replied.
“Okay. Well, that’s enough of that. Let's get back to what you remember from that day,” Melody prompted.
“Well... Not a whole lot really. I woke up in the morning. As I think I told you before, I was lying on my bedroom floor. I felt like you usually do the day after you recover from the flu. I was much better, but still not right. I felt kind of dizzy and weak, with the kind of headache you get from sleeping for too long. I called for my Mom, but she didn't answer. I started to examine my surroundings. One of the restraints on the bed that my dad wrote about was broken. The other three had been unbuckled. The IV bag was hanging from the old coat rack next to my bed, completely empty. I still had a piece of tape on my forearm where the needle had been. It took me a while to get my balance and stand up. I kept calling for my Mom and Dad, but there was still no answer. Somehow I managed to get to the bedroom door. There, I saw the hasp and padlock that Dad and Mike had installed, just hanging from the doorframe. The screws were ripped right out of the door. I walked all over the house and the yard calling for everyone by name, but no one answered. There wasn’t anyone to answer. There were no bodies, no blood. Nothing.”
“Was anything else missing?” Melody asked.
“I don't really know. It all looked normal enough to me. All of our supplies seemed to still be here. There were some dirty dishes in the sink. Everyone was just gone,” Ted shrugged, shaking his head. “I thought maybe everyone had gone out for some kind of emergency and would be back. But, of course, that never happened. As you can see from the dates in that journal, it was more than a year ago and no one has returned.”
“Why haven't you gone to look for them?” Melody asked.
“My Dad always used to tell me that if we got separated somewhere, I should stay where I could last remember being together and he would come back for me,” Ted replied. “I wouldn't even begin to know where to start looking for them. So I've been waiting here. Whenever I leave the house for more than a few minutes, I leave a candle burning in the kitchen sink.”
“Do you think your family is still alive?” Melody asked.
“I don't have a choice. They are all I have,” Ted replied. “I can't bear the thought that I might have done something to them when I was out of it.”
“Sorry, I guess that was kind of a stupid question,” Melody apologized.
“No it wasn't. I have nothing but questions and no answers. I mean the conditions I found myself in when I woke up seemed to show that I must have been pretty out of control at the end. I don't think I could have killed my own family. I mean everyone knows that it happens, but there was no blood, no bodies, nothing.”
“So, why don't you tell me your thoughts on my situation,” Ted continued.
“There isn't a whole lot to go on, is there?” Melody replied. “I'm assuming you went on the other side of the hill to see if you could find any evidence of the helicopters Mike mentioned?”
“No,” Ted said.
“No? Why the hell not?” Melody asked incredulously. “That's the most suggestive clue in the whole journal.”
Ted shrugged. “I don't know, I thought it was a long shot at best. I mean if guys in black helicopters came down in our town for some reason, would they be likely to leave any evidence behind?”
“Well I guess we won't know if we don't go looking, will we?” Melody asked.
“Now?” Ted asked.
“Well, maybe not right this minute, but sometime soon. You need some answers and that's the most likely place to start looking for them,” Melody said. “I think we should leave first thing in the morning to give us plenty of time.”
“There is a lot of ground to cover on the other side of that hill. Where should we start?” Ted asked.
“Are there any big open areas over there?” Melody asked. “Open enough to land helicopters?”
“There's the Wal-Mart and the parking lot. I think I'd have found something there if there was something to find,” Ted replied.
“Anything else you can think of?” Melody prompted.
“Well... there's the gravel quarry. I imagine there are some wide-open spaces over there. It would probably look like a pretty good landing spot from the air anyway,” Ted replied.
“I take it you haven't been over to the quarry then?” Melody asked.
“There hasn't been much demand for gravel around here,” Ted replied. “If I can't eat it or burn it or shoot it out of a gun, it's useless to me.”
“Well then, Powers, I suggest that we start our search at the gravel quarry,” Melody stated flatly.
“All right, we'll leave after breakfast tomorrow morning,” Ted replied. “How about that?”
“Sounds like fun,” Melody replied. “This should be interesting. I haven't been out and about in broad daylight in quite a while. We'll have to see how we make out traveling.”
“I think we'll be okay. Most of the zombies seem to have gravitated to this neighborhood. Once we get past the area where I make my usual rounds we should be all right,” Ted said.
“Yeah, but that's the trick isn't it? How do you propose we do that exactly?”
“Oh, I've got a few tricks up my sleeve yet,” Ted replied. “You might be surprised.”
“Oh really?” said Melody. “Well, I have a feeling we might need your tricks.”
“Don't worry. We'll be fine,” Ted said.
“Why do you think most of the zombies have congregated around here?” Melody asked.
“Well, I couldn't say for sure, but I think it has to do with me,” said Ted. “I mean you've seen that the zombies have no direct interest in me. However, living here by myself, I haven't been too careful about the noise I make at home. I don't worry about the smell from cooking and other stuff either. I think these familiar smells and sounds attract the zombies' attention.
“Just like bugs around a streetlight on a summer night,” Melody said. “You don't notice the first one or the second, but before you know it there are hundreds.”
“Precisely like that,” Ted said. “At least that's my theory.”
“I guess that seems like a plausible explanation,” said Melody.
“So, turning the conversation to the business at hand; I don't think this temporary privacy barrier is working out too well.” 
Ted’s creation was a pretty pathetic-looking thing. He had built it hastily, using the most basic of materials. It was simply constructed of two ropes strung between two upright wooden posts. The posts were left from the old, permanent barrier that Ted’s father had built. Ted had attempted to stretch a blue plastic tarp across the span, attaching it to the ropes at the top and bottom. The end result of Ted’s efforts was completely unsatisfactory. The span between the posts was too long and the ropes supporting the tarp sagged entirely too much in the middle. The tarp flapped listlessly in the gentle afternoon breeze. It looked as though the whole thing would blow away in the first stiff wind.
Melody looked at Ted’s creation and frowned. “Not working out too well? It’s horrible!”
“Thanks! I had to do this without any help you know!”
“Sorry. I know. You seemed to do okay tearing the old one down by yourself though.”
“I realized a long time ago that I’m much better at destroying things than creating them. If you give me a hand this afternoon, I think we can put together something more satisfactory. I think that would be a bit more productive use of our time. Then later, we can pack some stuff that we'll need for tomorrow.”
“Okay, sounds like a plan,” Melody replied. “Where do you want to start, boss?”
“First thing I've got to do is go scrounge some lumber,” Ted said. “Can you cut a straight line with a hand saw and drive a nail in straight?”
“Please!” Melody replied. “With my eyes closed maybe.”
“Okay, so you'll be in charge of construction. Let's get started,” Ted said.
Ted and Melody worked through the afternoon. As fast as he could fetch the lumber, she got it measured and cut and assembled, true to her word. As their shadows grew longer, with evening approaching, they were putting the finishing touches on a pretty tolerable end product. It wasn't as nice as the stall that Ted's dad had built, which had three walls and a swinging door. The new barrier was just a single wall between the house and shower, but it would be adequate.
“That ought to keep honest people honest,” Melody said, standing back to admire her finished work.
“Yup, nice job,” Ted said. “Now, how about we go put some gear together for our excursion tomorrow?”
“Sounds like fun,” said Melody. “Let's do it.”
Back in the house, Ted and Melody each opened their packs and spread their gear out on the kitchen table. The contents of both packs were remarkably similar. They weeded out what was unnecessary and added things that would come in handy. Binoculars, flashlights, knives, canteens, granola bars, etc. made the final cut. Ted went into the basement and returned with a small daypack with the price tag still hanging from it. He tossed the pack to Melody.
“You can put the stuff you won't need back into your big pack and use this one for our adventure,” Ted said. “It will be more convenient to carry.”
“Gee, thanks!” Melody replied. “Are we going to need anything else? Like maybe if we run into trouble somewhere?”
“Absolutely,” Ted replied. “Everything we need is downstairs. Follow me.”
Ted opened the basement door and went down the stairs with Melody following close behind. This was the first time Melody had been down to the basement and she was astonished by the amount of food and other supplies, on the shelves that bordered the periphery of the family room.
“You have got to be kidding me!” Melody exclaimed. “You had the nerve to bitch at me for taking a few measly things out of your kitchen cupboards? You could barricade a whole family in this basement and never come out for a year!”
“Yeah, but you'll notice there aren’t any Pop-Tarts,” Ted replied.
“You and your god-damned Pop-Tarts!” Melody scoffed. “Who the hell even eats those things?”
“I do.”
Melody wandered around the room, marveling at the amazing array of stuff on the shelves. Not just food and other necessities either.  Interspersed with the essential supplies, were all manner of curiosities and knickknacks that Ted had collected in his travels. Melody paused in front of one shelf and gasped. At the back of the shelf stood a small silver statue of a woman.
“The Spirit of Ecstasy!” Melody exclaimed, grabbing the statue and carrying it over to a window to examine it in better light.
Ted glanced up from organizing some foodstuffs for their journey.
“Is that what that thing is called?” Ted asked.
“Yes. Where did you get this?”
“Junkyard.”
“Some junkyard!” Melody exclaimed.
“You have no idea,” Ted replied.
After marveling over the exquisite craftsmanship of the small statue, Melody carefully returned it to its place on the shelf. She continued her tour of the basement, pausing occasionally to pick something up and examine it more closely. When she had examined all the shelves and the things piled in corners, Melody opened the door to the laundry room. Shining her flashlight into the dark room, she could make out only a useless washer and dryer and more boxes of supplies stacked on the floor. Melody closed the door and turned to face Ted.
“I'm a little bit confused,” Melody admitted.
“How's that?” Ted asked.
“Well, I see lots of supplies down here. That includes crates of ammo, but the only gun I saw was a shotgun hanging over the door that goes outside. You're obviously a big gun advocate. I thought you'd be armed to the teeth. Where are the guns?” Melody asked.
Ted raised his eyebrows and grinned. Without a word, he went to one section of shelves that looked no different than all the others around the room. He moved the things that were stacked on the floor in front of the shelves. Ted reached under first one shelf and then another, pulling out a metal pin from each. He carefully placed the pins on the top shelf and then gave a pull on the shelving unit itself. It swung out into the room on a blind hinge.
In the area of wall that had been hidden by the shelves, there was an opening roughly the size of a normal door. The door covering the opening was not normal at all, however. It looked like a vault door that could be found in any bank. In the center of the door, as one might expect, there was a gold-plated combination dial and T-handle.
“I don't generally set the combination unless I leave home for an extended period of time,” Ted twisted the T-handle a quarter turn to the right.
Melody could hear the substantial locking bolts sliding back into the door, stopping in unison with an authoritative 'clunk'. As Ted pulled on the handle, the massive door swung open in the opposite direction from the shelves. Exposing the inside surface of the door, revealed a thick plate of beveled, tempered glass. The complicated inner workings of the door made an impressive display on the other side of the glass plate. Melody pursed her lips and let out a low whistle.
“How much did that cost?” Melody asked.
“A lot less than you might expect, I think,” Ted replied. “Dad had a friend with a business that salvaged stuff from condemned buildings. I think this door came from a payroll office in one of the old steel mills up in Bethlehem.”
“Well, it's pretty impressive nonetheless,” Melody said.
“The really difficult thing with this door, was sneaking it into the house in the middle of the night without attracting any of the neighbors' attention,” said Ted. “It took my dad and four of his friends just to move it. Wait here a second.”
Ted disappeared through the vault door. Melody could see the flare of a match being lit and then the flickering light of the burning matchstick. This was soon replaced by the bright glow, and soft hissing sound, of a gas lantern.
“Come on in!” Ted called.
Melody paused in the doorway and marveled at the sight in front of her. She was standing in the entrance to a long narrow room, like a tunnel. The room was easily twenty five yards long. The floor and walls were cast from concrete and the ceiling seemed to be welded together from several plates of steel, painted gray. Just inside the door, on both sides of the tunnel, the walls were covered with pegboard. From the metal hooks in the pegboard, hung dozens of handguns. Every pistol and revolver imaginable seemed to be represented. In one corner of the pegboard hung several pairs of shooting glasses and hearing protection.
Along the rest of the tunnel's length stood military-style rifle racks. They were far from filled, but Melody could see enough rifles and shotguns in the racks to arm a platoon. Piled on the floor, beneath the racks, were wooden crates and cardboard boxes and green rectangular metal cans. All of these were presumably filled with ammo.
A lane, about ten feet wide, ran down the middle of the tunnel all the way to the end. At the far end of the lane was a plate of steel, inclined down toward the floor at a 45 degree angle. Below that, was a steel box. Melody didn't need to walk down there to know that the box would be filled with sand. The device was a trap for catching bullets. Directly in front of her, at the near end of the lane, was a shooting bench with two stools in front of it. All in all, it was a top-notch set up.
“Welcome to my inner sanctum,” Ted said.
“Did you build all of this yourselves?” Melody asked.
“Yup, we dug it, cast the concrete, built all the rifle racks and the bullet trap.” Ted shook his head and shrugged. “Everything.”
“I can't believe how long this room is,” Melody said. “I wouldn't think you'd have enough distance to fit this in your yard.”
“Um, yeah. Well I guess it doesn't matter anymore so I can tell you,” Ted said. “The tunnel actually extends about thirty feet into the neighbors' property.”
“Ah ha! That would explain why it looks too long,” Melody said.
“Yeah. After we had it all built, my dad had me shoot down here while he was in the neighbors' yard, pretending to make a repair to the fence. He wanted to see how loud it was,” Ted explained.
“So?”
“So what?”
“So… how loud was it?” Melody asked.
“It's not bad,” Ted replied. “You can hear it over there, but you wouldn't know it was happening under your feet.”
“How cool!” Melody exclaimed. “Did you do much shooting down here?”
“We used to, but now I only use this to test the occasional gun. Without electric, the ventilation system doesn't work. And I don't need to give myself lead poisoning,” Ted replied.
“Good thinking.”
“Besides, nowadays the whole world is a shooting range.”
“Yeah, I suppose it is.” Melody walked down the corridor between the rifle racks, shining her flashlight from side to side to get a better look at the many different arms on display. The selection was staggering.
“Your dad didn't buy all of these, did he?” Melody asked.
“Oh no. Not nearly. He was a bit optimistic with the number of spaces we built in the rifle racks. It's a good thing though. This is all the guns I have found in my travels, as well as the ones we already had. As you can see, there is still room for more. Of course, there must have been many more guns in town at one time. Most of the people who skipped town were carrying guns with them, even the people who had never so much as touched a gun before.”
“It is amazing how a zombie horde can change a person’s views overnight,” Melody said.
“Yeah, the zombie horde changed pretty much everything overnight,” said Ted. “So... let's get down to business. I don't want to die from carbon monoxide poisoning any more than lead poisoning.”
“Me neither,” Melody replied.
“What guns, if any, are you familiar with?” Ted asked. “Do you have any experience with any of the autoloading rifles you see here?”
Melody reached onto the nearest rack and pulled down a Kalashnikov rifle, careful to keep it pointed down range. She snapped down the lever that pulled double duty as a safety mechanism and ejection port cover and grabbed the operating handle to check the chamber. As she retracted the bolt, a live round was ejected, pinging off the concrete wall and landing on the floor.
“Ooh, it's loaded! Glad I checked it,” Melody said, hitting the magazine release and working the bolt again to clear the chamber, for real this time.
“It’s a good habit,” Ted replied.
“My dad and a couple of his friends had AK rifles similar to this. I got to shoot them some,” Melody said.
“Good,” Ted replied. “It's not the most accurate rifle on the rack, but it's accurate enough. Anyway, you're not going to find a more reliable rifle. Take it. There's a pouch with a bunch of loaded mags in it on top of those ammo cans.”
Melody looked where Ted was pointing and grabbed the magazine pouch. “Works for me.”
“How about handguns?” Ted asked. “Shot them much?”
“Not really,” Melody replied “I've tried a couple, but I don't really know much about them.”
Ted picked up the lantern and turned toward the pegboard. He thought for only a few seconds before reaching up and pulling a stainless steel revolver off of its hooks. He handed the revolver to Melody. 
“I don't think we've got a lot of time to get you proficient at handgun shooting. That's a Smith and Wesson model 686. Nothing could be simpler. It's got a four inch barrel and it's chambered in .357 magnum,” Ted stated matter-of-factly. “We'll load you up with .38 special ammo so the recoil doesn't kill you. Don't mess with the hammer. Just aim it like a rifle and pull the trigger.”
Melody hefted the revolver, then pointed it down range to get a look at the sights. “What am I supposed to do with this? Put it in my backpack?”
“Oh right!” Ted stooped down and started rummaging through a box on the floor. 
From the box, Ted pulled a wide black leather belt with a holster and a couple of cylindrical pouches attached to it. Ted held the belt up, letting it hang down its full length. He looked at the belt and then at Melody and then back at the belt again.
“That's not gonna work,” Ted said.
“I should say not!” Melody said.
Ted set the lantern on the bench and sat down on one of the stools. He set to work on the belt, moving the holster and pouches closer together, tearing open Velcro and folding the belt in on itself, then pressing the Velcro back together. Lastly, he reinstalled four little leather loops with snaps on the ends that seemed to hold the whole thing together. When he was done, Ted held the belt up again. It seemed to be about half of its original length.
“That might work. If not, we'll have to find something else. That's as short as you can make this belt. Stand up.”
“Yes sir!” Melody barked out in a sarcastic military tone.
Ted sighed. “Please.”
“That's better,” Melody replied, standing up.
Ted passed the belt around Melody's waist and fastened the buckle. When He let go of the belt, it slid down far enough to cover the pockets on her jeans. Next, Ted opened a box of ammo and filled two small round devices with cartridges. He held one of them up for Melody to see.
“Speed loader,” Ted said. “May I have the revolver back? Please? Ma'am?”
Melody smiled and handed the gun back to Ted. Ted pushed forward on the catch that released the revolver's cylinder to open and reveal the chambers. He lined up the cartridges in the speed loader with the chambers in the revolver's cylinder and twisted a little aluminum knob. The speed loader released all of the cartridges simultaneously to fall into place in the revolver's chambers. Carefully, he closed the cylinder until the latch clicked back into place. He looked up at Melody.
“That's pretty cool,” Melody said.
“Couldn't be simpler,” Ted repeated. “Just don't let me catch you flipping the cylinder open and closed like they did in the movies! If there's a faster or easier way to ruin a perfectly good revolver, I don't know what it is.”
That was another line Ted had gotten off of his dad. He thought it made him sound knowledgeable. In reality, Ted didn't know of any other way to ruin a perfectly good revolver.
“I wouldn't dream of it,” Melody said.
Ted reloaded the empty speed loader and tucked both of the loaders into the cylindrical pouches on Melody's pistol belt. The belt slid down a bit further. Finally, Ted stuffed the loaded revolver into Melody's holster. The belt sagged even more. It was now hanging askew, the pistol riding very low. Melody's hips were barely wide enough to keep the whole rig from sliding down to the ground.
“You need to start loading up on the carbs girl!” Ted proclaimed. “The way that rig is hanging makes you look like John Wayne.”
“More like Jane Won I should think,” Melody replied.
“Ooh... that was a stretch,” Ted said. “Is Won even a name?”
“I'm sure it is somewhere in the world,” Melody replied. “It was the best I could come up with on short notice.”
“So, what do you think?” Ted asked. “Are you going to lose that rig when we're hiking around tomorrow?”
Melody wiggled her hips and jumped up and down a few times. The belt didn't slide any lower.
“I don't think so,” Melody replied. “But just in case, you'd better go scare me up a mess of them fried taters.”
Ted realized for the first time that there wasn't any light coming in through the basement windows. He glanced at his Rolex.
“Holy moly!” Ted exclaimed. “I completely lost track of the time. I guess I'd better go cook something.”
“Come on, I'll help you out,” Melody said. “Let's go stash this gear and rustle up some grub.”

Chapter Eleven
Target Practice

Ted was exhausted. His arms and legs were on fire and felt as though they might give out at any time. Why on Earth had he thought that it would be easier to drag half a tree to the house for firewood, than it would have been to cut it into manageable pieces and make multiple trips? Anyway, it didn't matter now. He would be home soon and he could cut it up then.
Ted glanced over his shoulder at the house and was dismayed to see that it wasn't any closer than the last time he had checked. This trip seemed to be taking forever. Also, he couldn't remember the slope up to the house being so steep. Of course, he'd never tried dragging such a heavy object up this incline before.
“Just keep going; you'll be there before you know it.”
Each time Ted heaved on the huge limb, the wood moved only a few pitiful inches forward, making a slow scraping sound on the pavement. He would never get to his destination at this rate. No, wait. Something didn't seem right. Where had he gotten this limb and why was he collecting firewood now? The woodpile had already been full, hadn't it? He stopped pulling on the huge log to pause and think a minute.
Even though he was standing still now, he could still hear the wood scraping along the pavement. No, that wasn't right either. He wasn't standing up at all, but rather sitting down. What the hell was going on?
Ted opened his eyes and blinked in the morning sun shining off the front of the garage. Everything was quite blurry and he blinked some more to clear his vision. Now he was starting to remember where he was and how he had come to be there. He and Melody had come out to the fire to cook a late dinner. Being the last day of summer, the evening air was quite cool and the two of them had wrapped themselves in blankets as they sat across from each other in lawn chairs, eating dinner and speculating about what they might find the following day. Ted now realized that he was still in his lawn chair wrapped in his blanket, but Melody's chair was empty and her blanket was draped over the back of it.
Ted could still hear the sound of something scraping on pavement and looked around to see if he could identify it. Turning in the direction of the noise, Ted was shocked to see the back gate hanging open. Even more alarming was the fact that Mr. Hoover was slowly shuffling his way up the back walkway toward the house. Hadn't Ted latched the gate securely when he brought in the last load of lumber yesterday? He thought so, but he couldn't be sure. Where was Melody? Hopefully she was safe inside.
“Mr. Hoover? What are you doing here? How many times have I told you to stay out of the yard?” Ted said sarcastically.
Mr. Hoover took no notice of Ted whatsoever. The zombie seemed to be completely unimpressed by his admonishment. He was intent on making his way toward the house and seemed to be completely focused on something on the back porch.
“Melody! If you're in the house, don't come out here! I must have left the gate unlocked again and Mr. Hoover's in the yard!” Ted yelled. “Mel? Can you hear me?”
There was no response. Ted could hear nothing from behind him. Suddenly, the old zombie halted its slow march toward the house. The creature cocked its head a bit to the side and its whole attitude changed. Ted knew that look. It had identified a target and was ready to attack. The zombie's lips drew back in a snarl, exposing rotten teeth and a low growl escaped its throat.
“Mel?” Ted called again.
Complete silence. Slowly, Ted pulled his hand up along his leg and groped for the holster on his belt. Empty. Turning his head only slightly, in order to keep Mr. Hoover in his peripheral vision, Ted glanced at the picnic table. His pistol lay there, gleaming in the sun, but well out of arm's reach. Could he make a lunge for it and retrieve the pistol before Mr. Hoover attacked? No, probably not. The zombie opened its mouth wide, long strings of saliva hanging from its bared teeth, and let out a blood-curdling howl.
In the same split second, from somewhere behind Ted, came a loud “Tunk!” Ted was vaguely aware of something long, flashing through his field of vision. Then, from somewhere at the other end of the yard, came a loud “Crack!” Still not fully awake, Ted was perplexed by what had just happened, but he was completely mesmerized by something else. A small, cross-shaped, mark had appeared in the exact center of Mr. Hoover's throat. At first, Ted wasn't sure that he wasn't just imagining the mark, but slowly it became darker and more distinct. A drop of blackish blood formed at the bottom of the mark, then turned into a trickle running down the zombie's throat and winding around the side of its neck, following a crease in its wrinkled skin.
To best visualize the effect that this turn of events had on Mr. Hoover, try to imagine a tall tree in a forest that has been cut off at the base by loggers. The old zombie started to pitch forward, almost imperceptibly at first, then slowly gaining speed until it finally crashed face forward onto the sidewalk without ever moving its feet. The thin trickle of blood was now a splattering torrent that created a spreading puddle on the pavement. The creature never even twitched.
Ted leaned back in his chair and let out the breath that he hadn't even realized he'd been holding for the last minute. He craned his neck back as far as he could, until he had an upside-down view of Melody standing on the porch. She still held her crossbow at the ready, watching to see if the zombie would move again. It didn't.
“Spined it,” Melody said.
“Yep. Looks like it,” Ted replied.
“Whoo! That was intense!” Melody exclaimed.
“Didn't you hear me calling to you?” Ted asked. “Why didn't you answer me?”
“Dude! I've been standing here for the last fifteen minutes waiting for a clean shot,” Melody replied. “I already had him in my sights while you were still sawing logs.”
“Actually, I was dragging a log,” Ted said.
“What?”
“Never mind.”
Ted stood up and stretched, yawning loudly. He walked to the table and retrieved his Colt, shoving it back in the holster.
“Sooner or later, I'm going to learn to stop leaving this lying around,” Ted said.
“That would probably be a good idea,” Melody replied.
Ted walked back over to Mr. Hoover's corpse. He hooked the toe of his sneaker under its armpit and rolled it over. The withered thing felt like it was made from paper mache. The zombie's face was a gruesome sight. Its eyes were still wide open and its mouth was locked open in a snarl.
“I'm starting to think that as long as you're around, I'm never going to get to see how long it takes for these things to die of natural causes,” Ted said.
“Not my problem,” Melody replied.
Ted looked at Melody, then just laughed and shook his head. Ted turned in the direction that Melody had shot and saw the crossbow bolt. Its head was embedded in the cinder block of the front wall of the garage. He slowly pushed himself up out of the lawn chair and headed down the walk to retrieve it. Ted grasped the shaft of the bolt and pulled as hard as he could. It didn't budge.
“You're not pulling that out. Not without chiseling around it. Believe me, I know,” Melody said.
“I'll say! That's really in there!” Ted replied.
“Yeah and I'm running low on arrowheads,” Melody replied. “You can probably unscrew the shaft from the head. It might be all right still. These new carbon fiber shafts hold up a lot better than the old aluminum ones.
Ted gave the shaft a twist and it unscrewed easily from the head. He looked the shaft over, flexing it a bit. I didn't appear to have even cracked.
“That's amazing. The shaft looks like new. I would have thought it would have smashed to splinters on hitting a cement wall,” Ted said. “You're right about the arrowhead though. It's a lost cause. Even if we chiseled it out, it looks like its messed up pretty bad.”
“I was afraid of that,” Melody said. “I kept hoping that he'd move a little to the right so only the wooden fence would be behind him, but it never happened. I waited as long as I could to take the shot.”
“Yeah, under the circumstances, I think you displayed remarkable restraint,” Ted replied.
“Fat lot of good it did,” Melody replied. “I've only got two bolts left and just one arrowhead.”
“You were just lucky to be awake,” Ted said. “I think an arrowhead is a small price to pay.”
“I could have sworn the gate was still closed when I got up about a half hour ago,” Melody said. “I didn't want to wake you up, so I went into the kitchen to organize my gear a bit more. When I came back out onto the porch, the gate was standing wide open and Mr. Hoover was just standing there staring at me.”
“It's a good thing you spotted him before he spotted you,” Ted said.
“It was fortunate,” Melody replied. “But I didn't want to take my eyes off of him and the rifle you gave me was all the way on the other side of the kitchen. My crossbow was leaning next to my pack just inside the door, so I grabbed that.”
“Well, it certainly did the job,” Ted said.
“It always has,” Melody replied. “I'm afraid its days are numbered, however, unless I can scrounge some more ammo.”
“I'm sure something will turn up sooner or later,” Ted said. “Now, how about we get some breakfast together and then hit the road?”
“Sounds good,” Melody said. “I'll get the fire going.”
Melody started a fire and perked a pot of coffee, then set about cooking breakfast. Meanwhile, Ted got a large plastic tarp from the garage and wrapped Mr. Hoover's corpse in it. He dragged the surprisingly light load up along the side of the house and out the front gate. He returned Mr. Hoover to his own yard, dragging the corpse around the back of the house. He found a spot under the large spreading oak tree that dominated the back yard and got a shovel out of the Hoovers' shed. In about half an hour Ted had a shallow grave dug and he rolled Mr. Hoover, still wrapped in the tarp, into the hole and covered him with fresh dirt. The only good thing about burying dead zombies is that you don't have to plant them very deep. Nothing will dig up a zombie carcass.
When Ted got back to his own house, Melody was just putting the finishing touches on breakfast.
“You ready to eat?” Melody asked.
“Yes, surprisingly enough, I am,” Ted replied. “I've got to go inside and wash my hands. I'll be right back.”
When Ted came back out into the yard, he was carrying an oblong cardboard box and a couple of small plastic packages. He handed the items to Melody.
“Here, I don't even know why I picked these up,” Ted said. “I've got no use for them, but when I was doing a lot of scrounging, I picked up anything that was even remotely weapons-related.”
The box contained a half dozen brand-new crossbow bolts and the plastic packages each contained three new broad heads for hunting arrows. Melody clutched the gifts to her chest and gave Ted a big smile.
“Thank you so much!” Melody exclaimed. “You don't have any idea how bummed I was, thinking I wouldn't be able to use my crossbow anymore.”
“Oh, I think I have some idea,” Ted replied. “Anyway, you're welcome. I hope they work out for you. I still think you should stick with guns for the most part though.”
“Hey, I've been using my bow almost exclusively ever since the outbreak and I'm still standing,” Melody said. “It's served me well.”
Ted and Melody ate their breakfast quickly and washed the dishes. Then they put their packs and weapons in order in preparation for their big adventure.
“So, Powers, what is this trick you've got up your sleeve for sneaking me out of town?” Melody asked.
“The trick doesn't involve sneaking at all. We're going to blow right past all of the neighbors and not give them any opportunity to react,” Ted replied.
“Okay, you've got my attention,” Melody said. “What have you got that's going to make that happen?”
“Gather up your gear and follow me,” Ted replied, shouldering his rifle and heading for the garage.
Melody followed Ted to the garage. She had looked in through the door before, but had never bothered to go inside. Ted went through the garage to the large roll-up door in the back. The small windows let in shafts of sunlight that were visible in the dusty air. Melody could just make out a large unusual shape in the back of the garage by the door. A white bed sheet was draped over the object to protect it from the dust.
Ted set his pack on the floor and leaned his rifle against the wall. Grabbing one corner of the bed sheet, Ted yanked it off with a flourish, to reveal a shiny new orange utility vehicle.
“Ta-da!” Ted exclaimed. What do you think?”
It was the type of off-road machine that one would find on a farm, hauling hay bales and firewood. It had seats for two people in an enclosed cab and a small dump bed in the back. It sat on knobby balloon tires that looked like they could handle any type of terrain. Studying it now, Melody thought that it was probably the perfect vehicle for their purposes.
“Wow! That's pretty neat!” Melody answered. “Where did you get that?”
“The Kubota tractor dealer up the street used to sell these, as well as all kinds of other farm equipment,” Ted said. “Most of that stuff was taken or had the fuel drained out of it in the first weeks after the outbreak. After I woke up here all alone and started scrounging on my own, that was one of the first places I really checked out. I found this thing still parked in the showroom of the dealership.”
“Just like that?” Melody asked.
“Back behind one of their storage buildings, they have a small diesel tank with a hand pump on it that still had several hundred gallons of fuel in it,” Ted continued. “I found the keys for this machine, as well as for the big doors on the side of the showroom, in the sales manager's office. So, I hauled some fuel over in a can, opened the doors, started the engine and drove right out of the building.”
“Seems like a pretty useful little machine,” Melody said. “Why is this the first time I'm seeing it? Why are you pushing shopping carts full of stuff home from Wal-Mart?”
“Well, first of all, you may recall that I only went down there for a box of Pop-Tarts, not a shopping cart full of God-knows-what. Also, I just try to be conservative with fuel. There is a finite amount of it,” Ted said. “I used this machine a lot in the early days, when I was really exploring the town and robbing the place blind. I hauled all kinds of stuff home in it.”
“On our farm, we had one of the older John Deere Gators. It was very useful, but this is way cooler.” Melody stooped down to look under the machine. “It even has four wheel independent suspension. Our Gator had solid rear axles.”
“It's pretty amazing,” Ted replied. “It's even got a CD player and air conditioning.”
“Air conditioning?” Melody exclaimed. “We could just run the engine and sit in it!”
“You really do want carbon monoxide poisoning I guess.”
“Outdoors of course,” Melody replied. “I'm not quite that despondent yet.”
“So, anyway, I'm hoping that the protection of the cab, combined with the smell of the diesel exhaust, will mask your scent and allow us to avoid detection,” Ted explained. “If you are detected, we should be able to outrun any zombies. This thing isn't super-fast, but I figure it will go about fifteen miles an hour or so.”
“Sweet!” Melody replied. “An actual plan! I guess you really did have a trick up your sleeve. Let's give it a try.”
Melody and Ted loaded their packs into the back of the vehicle and leaned their rifles against the dashboard between their two seats. After Melody was safely ensconced inside the vehicle's cab, Ted rolled the garage door up and scanned the alley for any danger. He did notice an increased, but not alarming, number of zombies loitering around the property. Zombies will follow their nose to a certain extent, but it seems as though they need more than one form of stimulation before they really kick into high gear. The high board fence had kept Melody concealed from view and both she and Ted had been careful to keep the noise level down. While there were a few extra creeps hanging around, it was certainly not a shuffling, moaning, movie-zombie horde. 
Ted started the engine and pulled the vehicle out into the street. Some of the zombies looked in their direction, but none gave any sign of attacking. Ted pulled the garage door down and latched it; then checked to make sure the back gate was secured, before climbing into the cab and putting the vehicle in gear.
“I think it's time to conduct a little experiment as long as it's all right with you?” Ted asked.
“Sure, go ahead. I guess,” Melody replied.
Ted pulled the vehicle out and rolled up the alley in the direction of the closest zombie. When they were about parallel with the creature, Ted steered the vehicle over close enough that he practically knocked it over. The zombie was on Melody's side of the vehicle, only inches away from her. As the vehicle rolled to a stop, Ted kept his foot poised above the accelerator, ready to punch it down and speed away if there was any reaction from the zombie. The ghoul seemed perplexed by the proximity of this growling, stinking, machine, but still it remained motionless. Melody and the zombie were now face to face, separated only by a thin plate of glass.
“Man! This is creepy!” Melody whispered urgently. “It's the closest I've ever been to one of these things without being engaged in mortal combat.”
“I guess this means that the people who got killed in their cars should have had the windows rolled up?” Ted replied.
“Yeah, the zombie apocalypse does seem to be a strange time to be cruising with the wind in your hair, particularly in a mass-exodus traffic jam,” Melody said.
“Natural selection I suppose,” Ted replied.
“I guess so,” Melody said. “Okay, this is starting to really freak me out. I don't want to become a victim of Darwinism myself. Let's get a move on.”
“Oh yeah, sorry,” Ted replied. “I guess the experiment was a success.”
“Hey, don't worry about it. I think the guinea pig generally runs out of patience before the researcher does anyway,” Melody said.
Ted paused just a little too long to contemplate this latest nugget of wisdom.
“Drive, idiot!” Melody yelled.
“Aye-aye, Miss Guinea Pig!” Ted answered.
Ted hit the accelerator and pulled out swiftly. He felt a slight bump as the rear tire ran over the zombie's foot. Glancing in the side view mirror, he could detect no reaction in the blank expression on its face.
“Well, I guess we don't call them zombies for nothing,” Ted said.
“Was there any question in your mind?” Melody replied. “If there was anything at all going on behind those blank stares, not even we would be alive.”
“No, you're probably right,” Ted said.
“I usually am,” Melody replied. “The sooner you learn that, the better off you'll be.”
As Ted and Melody sped down the alley, there was absolutely no reaction from the rest of the zombies they passed. This must have given a false sense of security to the survivors trying to flee the outbreak in the first days. The problem is, you just can't stay in a moving vehicle forever. Anywhere you did stop, especially back then, you would have found zombies waiting for you.
They reached the end of the alley and turned left, in the direction of the hill. As they approached the road that led into the business park where Wal-Mart was located, Melody reached over and grabbed Ted's arm.
“Could you turn right up here? I want to see something,” Melody asked.
“Sure,” Ted replied, steering the vehicle into the entrance.
“Now turn right again, where the road runs behind the store,” Melody said.
Ted turned into the access road that ran between the back of the store and the privacy wall. As they approached the spot where Melody had jumped the wall, the zombies that had chased her two days ago came into view. All seven were still standing there, staring stupidly at the wall, exactly as they had been when Melody first saw them on the other side. Ted began to slow down as they approached the group until they were just about twenty yards away.
“Stop here,” Melody said, drawing her Smith and Wesson from its holster. “I've got some unfinished business with these bastards and I need some target practice.”
“Sure thing.” Ted let the vehicle coast to a stop. “Get a good rest on top of the door and squeeze the trigger slowly and smoothly. That will have a pretty long trigger pull. Just take your time. I'll back you up.”
Ted shut the engine off. He grabbed his rifle; a Ruger Mini-14 with a two-power scope mounted on it and popped his door open. He climbed out and into the bed on the back of the vehicle. He rested his elbows on the roof of the cab to steady his aim.
“Okay. Any time you're ready!” Ted called out, pushing forward on the Mini-14's safety lever.
Melody shut her eyes tightly and took a deep breath, letting it out slowly. She opened her eyes and grabbed the door handle, popping the door and climbing out in one motion. Melody wasn't outside the vehicle more than a couple of seconds before she could see that the zombies had picked up her scent and were starting to turn in her direction. She got a firm, two-handed grip on the revolver and rested her wrists on the top of the open door.
“That's good,” Ted said. “Shoot whenever you're ready. Just focus on your front sight.”
Melody evaluated the zombies to see which she should shoot first. Again, the young man who had been in the lead when Melody was running from them was the first to move. She concentrated on the revolver's front sight, bringing the orange plastic insert in the black metal into sharp focus. She centered the sight on the blurry blob that was the zombie's head and squeezed the trigger. The “squeeze” was really more of a jerk. The gun barked and recoiled. Melody could see the bullet hit, but it was low and to the right. The hollow point bullet tore away a large chunk from the side of the zombie's neck. It was probably a fatal wound, but it barely even slowed the creature's forward progress.
“Shit!” Melody exclaimed.
“It's okay,” Ted said in a soothing tone. “Take your time.”
His words had the desired effect. Melody felt safe with Ted standing behind her, rifle at the ready. She aimed again, taking another slow deep breath. This time, she pulled the trigger smoothly through its full travel. The sound of the shot surprised her and she saw a perfectly round black hole appear in the zombie's forehead. The young zombie collapsed as though its power button had been punched.
“Good!” Ted yelled. “Try it again!”
Twice more, Melody shot. Each time, she squeezed the trigger just right and each time the bullet went just where she was aiming. The remaining zombies were now only a few yards away and she was starting to get nervous again.
“Very good!” Ted yelled again. “I think you've got the hang of it now. I'm going to have to take over for you though. They're getting too close.”
“Be my guest!”
Melody heard the crack of the rifle over her head. Three times it rang out and three times a zombie's head erupted in a splatter of gore. The rifle cartridge had a much more dramatic effect on zombie skulls than that of her revolver. Ted was fast and accurate, but not quite fast enough. The last zombie, a middle aged woman in a t-shirt with a huge picture of a cute little kitten on the front of it, was still coming.
The zombie slammed into the vehicle's door, driving Melody back against the door frame. Melody tried to shove back, but she found the superhuman strength of the zombie's attack impossible to overcome. The woman's face was only inches from Melody's now. In an attempt to bite her, it lunged forward. The zombie's mouth closed on the edge of the door, clamping down with such force that its teeth shattered. A shower of crushed enamel pelted Melody. The zombie seemed to take no notice of its new dental condition, snarling and chomping on the edge of the door.
Ted realized that Melody was on her own now. He couldn't possibly shoot the zombie. The risk of inadvertently shooting Melody was too great. Even if he didn't shoot her, the muzzle blast from the rifle would give her permanent hearing damage. If those weren't good enough reasons; shooting the zombie from this angle, he also would run the risk of spraying Melody with infectious material. No, she would have to deal with this on her own.
Melody only had one hand to fend off the zombie's attack and she understood that she was running out of time. Even with no teeth, if the zombie got to her, Melody stood little chance of survival. She had only one shot left and no way of reloading. She would have to make this last shot count. Leaving no room for error, Melody pressed the muzzle of the revolver's barrel against the woman's forehead. Under the stress of the situation, Melody jerked the trigger again, but this time it made no difference.
The sound of the shot was strangely muffled, absorbed almost entirely by the zombie's head. The spectacular effect of the shot was not diminished in any way by the relative absence of sound. It was still impressive to see half a pot of spaghetti being ejected from the back of the former kitty-lover's skull. The pressure on the door was immediately relieved as the zombie was thrown backwards to land half across another corpse. Melody could finally breathe again.
“Well, that was certainly exciting,” Melody said.
“I'll say!” Ted exclaimed. “Next time we decide to do a little target practice, maybe we should just set up some cans or bottles or something on top of a fence.”
“Maybe so,” Melody replied. “I was just trying to kill two birds with one stone, so to speak. Besides, cans and bottles wouldn’t have tested my nerves like that.”
“I guess you’re right, but I think we've had all the testing we need for a while,” Ted said. “Let's hit the road.”

Chapter Twelve
A Discovery

Melody tried using her speed loader for the first time as Ted executed a three-point turn in the middle of the alley. He waited for her to reholster the revolver before speeding back up the alley and turning out onto the road again in the direction of their original destination. As they passed the last suburban houses and started to make their way through abandoned farmland, Ted realized they were further from home than he'd been in a year. He started to feel embarrassed about how conservative he had been in his travel habits.

“It's not that I was scared; It's just that I was able to find everything I needed in town.”
“Yeah, just keep telling yourself that, Powers. Just don't talk about it out loud in front of Melody. For that matter, it’s probably best to not have any conversation with yourself out loud in front of her.”
“Good idea.”

They were rounding the end of the hill that separated the town from the farmland to the north. Ted hadn't noticed any zombies for a while. He turned left into a farm lane and headed across the fields toward the base of the hill. When they reached the tree line, Ted killed the engine and coasted to a stop.
“We can't drive around on the other side of the hill?” Melody asked.
“Sure we could, but up on top of this hill, there's a pretty good overlook,” Ted replied. “I used to climb up there with my dad sometimes. We might be able to spot something from up there. We could save a lot of time and fuel.”
“That sounds reasonable. It's just that after riding around in comfort and relative safety, I'm reluctant to get out and hoof it again,” Melody said.
“Get up off your butt anyway. It's not that far and I don't think there's much danger out here,” Ted said.
Ted and Melody left everything except their rifles and Ted's binoculars in the vehicle and headed up the hill. It was a steep climb, but not a long one. The air under the trees was cool, making the climb a bit more tolerable. Gradually, the terrain became rockier. The understory of the forest changed from the usual low-altitude mixture of plants and bushes to a dense growth of mountain laurel. The angle of the slope decreased slowly as they neared the summit of the hill.
Finally, breaking out of a particularly thick patch of laurel, Melody could see a row of huge boulders running along the ridge at the top of the hill. These giant chunks of granite, some nearly the size of a house, had been deposited there by a glacier during some long-ago ice age and left behind as the climate warmed and the ice receded.
Up ahead, Melody could see Ted scaling the side of one of these monoliths. It was the largest in the row, perhaps twenty-five feet high. When she reached the base of the boulder, Ted had already disappeared over the edge onto the top. Melody began climbing after him. The rock face was steep, but provided many hand and footholds to aid in climbing. She was the type of person who tried to confront her fears head on, but even so, she didn't like heights. Melody never felt as though she was in danger, but she made a conscious effort not to look down anyway. When she reached the top of the rock, Melody looked up to see Ted's ankles just in front of her face.
“Took you long enough,” Ted said, reaching down to offer a helping hand.
Melody took Ted’s hand. “Well, I guess I'm not as reckless as you are.”
“I don’t know about that, but you’re definitely slower than me.”
“I’ll remember you said that.”
Ted easily hauled Melody up to stand on the top of the rock. Trying not to look too nervous, Melody moved as fast as she dared away from the edge. When she was safely in the middle of the rock, Melody turned around completely, taking in the spectacular view. The hill didn't look like much from town, but perched up on top, one had the impression of being able to see forever. Melody couldn't even begin to imagine how far away were the mountains she could see on the horizon, far to the north. Today was the first day of autumn and the leaves on the far hills were just starting to show a hint of color.
Melody turned her attention back toward town. After a few minutes of careful study, she could pick out Ted's house from among all the tiny buildings along Main Street. The house and garage looked like miniatures you would see in an elaborate train layout. They looked perfect. From this distance, the whole town looked perfect. The unmowed lawns and broken windows were invisible. This vantage point almost made the town look as though it were still alive. If she squinted her eyes a little, Melody could almost imagine she could see cars still traveling along the abandoned streets. She wished that she could have seen this place before the apocalypse. She only knew it in its present form, but from here she could almost make out its former vibrancy.
“You have got to be shitting me!”
Ted's exclamation broke Melody out of her daydream and she turned to see what had prompted it. Ted was standing at the brink of the precipice at the far edge of the rock, peering through his binoculars at something below. Just looking at it gave her a sense of vertigo.
“Teddy? Be careful. You're awfully close to that edge,” Melody called nervously.
“Don't worry, Mom! I'm fine,” Ted replied. “Come look at this. You will not believe it.”
Cautiously, Melody approached the edge of the cliff. When she was within arm’s reach, Melody reached out and grabbed the sleeve of Ted's sweatshirt. She eased her way up alongside him.
“Okay, so what am I supposed to be looking at?” Melody asked.
Ted pointed at a large sand-colored smudge on the landscape.
“Do you see that?” Ted asked.
“Are you talking about that big patch of bare ground?” Melody asked. 
“Yes,” Ted replied.
“What is it?” Melody asked.
“That's the gravel quarry,” Ted held out the binoculars to Melody. “Here, have a closer look.”
Melody took the binoculars and looked through them. Because of the high magnification, it took her a moment to find the quarry in the lens. Everything was still blurry and she turned the knob in the middle of the binos to bring the quarry into focus.
“Holy crap!” Melody exclaimed.
“I know! It's just like you guessed. Too bad they aren't selling lottery tickets anymore,” Ted replied.
Melody could see quite clearly now. In the middle of the quarry property was the gaping quarry pit. It was vast. It reminded her of photographs she had seen in National Geographic of the huge opening to a massive cave system somewhere in Latin America; she couldn't remember exactly where. Scattered around the pit were various pieces of earth moving equipment. But the thing that really grabbed her attention was perched on the edge of the pit, in amongst the bulldozers and dump trucks. It was just about the last thing you would expect to find in a gravel quarry: a black helicopter.
Even at this distance, Melody could plainly see that something was very wrong with the helicopter. Besides being right at the edge of the pit, it was sitting at a very odd angle. It seemed to be listing to one side.
“Well, I never thought it would actually be this easy to find something,” Melody said. “They certainly didn't hide the evidence very well.”
“From the looks of that helicopter, I don’t think they had much choice,” Ted replied. “It looks like it wasn't left there intentionally.”
“Well, it certainly seems as though everything is falling into place,” Melody said. “I know where we're going next!”
“Me too,” Ted replied. “We’d better get moving.”
Ted and Melody made good time moving back down the hill. The sun was just past its peak and they should have plenty of time to investigate this newest mystery. They found the Kubota just where they had parked it.
“It sure would be hard to misplace that thing!” Melody said. “That orange paint sticks out like a sore thumb in the woods. It’s not very stealthy at all.”
“They made one in camouflage too, but by the time I got mine there weren't many to choose from,” Ted replied.
“Too bad,” Melody said, stashing her rifle in the cab and retrieving a bottle of water from her pack.
When Ted and Melody had both quenched their thirst and got their gear stowed again, they hopped into the vehicle and headed back down the farm lane to the road. Ted turned left onto the road and drove on for another mile or two until they reached the entrance to the quarry. There was a large automatic gate that rolled all the way across the entrance to the quarry property. For as long as Ted could remember, the gate was always closed unless a gravel truck was passing through it.
The gate was in its closed position now, but there was a ragged gap in the middle that was big enough to drive a large truck through. The tubular steel frame of the gate was snapped and bent out at several strange angles. The chain link covering was piled on either side of the opening in a snarled rat's nest. Whoever had wanted to get through, hadn't rammed the gate, but rather blown it up. Ted let the vehicle coast to a stop just before the gate. He took in a deep breath and let out a loud sigh.
“What's wrong?” Melody asked. “Aren't you going through?”
“Of course I am going through. I'm just afraid of what I will find in there,” Ted replied. “I've just spent so much time wondering what happened to me. If there aren't some answers in there, I think I'll lose it. Or, what if I find something terrible?”
“Then at least you'll know,” Melody said. “Take it from me. It's better than not knowing anything. At least you can move on.”
“Yeah, I guess you're right,” Ted paused and thought for a moment more. “Okay, let’s go.”
Ted pushed the machine back into gear and drove through the gate. The driveway went uphill for a hundred yards or so before leveling off. As they came over the hump onto flat ground again, the helicopter and its strange surroundings loomed into view. It wasn't as close to the edge of the pit as it had seemed from the top of the hill. Only the tail rotor hung out over thin air. It was sitting at a very strange angle, however. The starboard-side landing skid was bent in underneath the fuselage to the point of nearly snapping off. It looked as if the helicopter had slammed into the ground sideways.
Ted coasted to a stop about ten yards from the helicopter and he and Melody got out. Rifles at the ready, they carefully studied their surroundings but could see no signs of danger. Cautiously, Ted walked around the starboard side of the helicopter. It was propped up by what was left of two of the rotor blades. Their smashed and splintered ends were planted firmly in the bottom of a semicircular trench, dug by the spinning blades. The ends of the two other blades, jutting up at forty-five degree angles, were just as ragged. Scattered all around the chopper, on the ground, were chunks of aluminum and carbon fiber. That was all that remained of the other half of the blades.
“It could be just the way it's sitting, but I don't think I've ever seen this type of helicopter before,” Melody said.
“Maybe not, this one’s pretty new,” Ted answered. “It's a UH-72A Lakota. At least that's the military designation for it. This is a non-military version.”
Melody looked at Ted askance. “How do you know all of this stuff? Where do you keep it all?” She asked.
“Well, I read a lot about military stuff. I just happened to read about this particular helicopter not very long ago. It was the latest light transport helicopter adopted by the US military,” Ted replied. “It's not a US design though. I think it's French or something.”
“And how do you know this one isn't military?” Melody asked.
“Well, I guess it could be military, but it’s definitely not 'regular' military.” Ted pointed along the full length of the aircraft's fuselage. “There are absolutely no markings on the whole bird. No numbers, no caution stickers, nothing. The military put numbers on everything. I would imagine that it did belong to some government agency, though.”
“Bird?” Melody squinted at Ted. “Does that make you feel special?”
“Now that you mention it… Yeah, it kind of does actually.” Ted seemed to disregard Melody’s sarcasm. “Anyway, smartass, I believe what you’re looking at here is the, proverbial, black government helicopter.”
Ted turned away from the helicopter. Across the gravel lot, about fifty yards away, sat two black vans. Ted started walking towards the vans and almost immediately he could see there was something not quite right about them. When he got close to the vans, he could see that they had indeed been painted black at one time, but now most of the black color was just a result of their having been torched. In the areas where the soot had flaked off, bright orange rust was forming. The rims of the vans’ steel wheels rested on the ground. All that was left of the incinerated tires was a tangle of rusting steel wires that had once reinforced the rubber.
Ted walked around to the side of one van, where the sliding door was still standing open. The rows of seats inside were just metal frames and springs. The upholstery and stuffing had been completely consumed by fire. Everything else inside had been melted or reduced to ashes. Ted spied something inside the van and bent in to retrieve it. He emerged with what looked like a blackened and warped tin can.
“What is it?” Melody asked.
“Looks like a thermite grenade,” Ted replied. 
“Okay… so what is that?”
“A pretty effective way of obliterating any incriminating evidence.”
Melody peered into the van's cremated interior. “Jeez, I guess so!”
Ted discarded the burnt grenade on the ground and walked around the back of the van. Mounted in the license plate frame was the most unusual license plate he'd ever seen. It could hardly even be called a license plate for that matter. In one corner of the plate, there were the remnants of some fluorescent green paint. The plate had no number. There was no designation regarding what agency, or even the level of government, it belonged to. Across the center of the plate was simply stamped:

OFFICIAL USE ONLY
DO NOT TOW

“Curiouser and curiouser,” Ted said.
Melody shrugged her shoulders. “I've got to admit that I'm stumped.”
Ted walked around to the driver's side window. He looked in at what was left of the dashboard. Through a window in the metal disc that had once been the speedometer, the odometer was still clearly visible. It was scorched, but readable. The mileage read:

000012.4

“Must be nice to be able to afford to discard a vehicle with twelve miles on it,” Ted said. “Who the hell were these people?”
“Beats me.”
Having come to a dead end with the vans, Ted walked back to the helicopter. He hiked himself up onto the port-side landing skid and peered through the open doorway. Melody climbed up beside him. The helicopter was empty except for the pilot and copilot's seats. The backs of two helmets were clearly visible over the seat backs.
“Let's go check it out.” Melody climbed up onto the doorsill.
“Freeze!” Ted yelled.
Melody did freeze, but only partly because of the urgency in Ted’s voice. Even before he yelled, she had felt the wire touching her shin. It was so thin as to be almost invisible. Ted had only caught sight of it when it flashed in the sunlight as Melody’s leg pressed against it. Melody relaxed just a bit, taking some pressure off of the wire. Ted gingerly caught hold of the wire and carefully followed it in one direction. The end of the wire was only twisted around a tie down loop on the bulkhead just inside the door. He followed the wire back in the other direction. Next to the door, on the inside of the fuselage was a grenade. It was taped to the bulkhead with what was colloquially known in military circles as hundred-mile-an-hour tape (really nothing more than a type of super-strong duct tape). The wire was attached to the loop on the grenade's safety pin. The pin had been straightened to make it slide out more easily. It had come almost all the way out of the fuse assembly. Another couple of millimeters and they would both have been blown to smithereens.
Carefully, Ted pushed the pin back in and bent it around the lever to make the grenade safe again. He cut the trip wire with his pliers and peeled off the tape that was holding the grenade to the bulkhead. Carefully, he tucked the grenade into the cargo pocket of his shorts.
“You're going to keep that?” Melody asked.
“You bet I am!” Ted replied. “Grenades don't grow on trees you know.”
“Is it another thermite grenade?” Melody asked.
“I think this one is a lot nastier than thermite,” Ted replied. “It has a different kind of fuse. There is nothing printed on the side, but it looks to me like some kind of HE grenade.”
“HE?”
“High Explosive,” Ted replied, “The trip wire was a cool trick. Whoever set this trap was trying to cover their tracks by killing two birds with one stone, so to speak. Pretty clever.”
“Destroy the chopper and whoever came to investigate,” Melody replied.
“Exactly. Wait here for just a minute and let me check out the situation inside.”
Ted climbed through the door and into the chopper and made his way to the front of the cabin. He moved slowly, carefully trying to maintain his balance on the deck of the badly listing helicopter. When he reached the cockpit, he found two very different things under the helmets in the pilots' seats.
What occupied the flight suit in one seat was little more than a skeleton. It had fully decomposed and the only thing holding the bones together were thin pieces of connective tissue that had been too tough for the maggots to chew. The typical slew of sanguinary fluid had puddled under the seat, in the corner between the tilting deck and bulkhead. The intervening months had dried the gore into a burgundy varnish, dulling the once-bright aluminum. In sharp contrast, the corpse under the other helmet was relatively intact. It appeared shriveled and dehydrated, but it hadn't decomposed at all.
“Even the worms and bacteria didn't want you,” Ted muttered under his breath.
Hanging on a sling, from the side of one pilot's seat, was an MP5 submachine gun; it was the kind with a sound suppressor built right into the gun. Both corpses were wearing chest holsters over their flight suits. The holster on the largely intact corpse still contained a Beretta M9 pistol. The pistol belonging to the skeleton in the other seat lay on the deck, below its dangling hand, in the dried puddle of offal. Ted gently tipped the helmet off of the skeleton's head. The small hole in one side of its skull and the gaping hole in the other, told the rest of the tale.
The pilots' flight suits had no nametapes or any other identifying markings on them. It was starting to look like the whole helicopter and everything in it was devoid of any useful information.
“So what's the verdict?” Melody asked.
“It looks pretty safe,” Ted replied. “Just watch your step.”
“Have you found any clues?” Melody asked, climbing in through the open door.
“Not much,” Ted replied.
Ted leaned across the intact corpse to pull the pistol from its holster. The moment that Ted caught Melody's scent, now permeating the space inside the helicopter, the corpse's eyes snapped open. Once again, Ted had made an incorrect assumption. The dead body, really wasn't. It snarled and lashed out with both hands, catching Ted in a life-threatening bear hug.
For just a moment, it occurred to Ted that this was the first time he'd been attacked by a zombie since he'd been infected. Melody’s scent and Ted’s movement had stimulated the zombie. In the confusion of the moment, it had latched onto Ted and obviously meant to chew on him a bit.
“Get out of here!” Ted yelled to Melody.
“Holy shit!” Melody cried in horror. “Can't I do something to help?”
“Just get out!” Ted yelled again. “As long as it can smell you, I'm going to have my hands full! Besides, it's going to get messy in here real soon and I don't want you getting splattered with infectious material!”
“Okay! Okay! I'm going!” Melody replied.
Ted was struggling to keep away from the creature's teeth. His right hand was clamped down at his side, making it impossible to reach his Colt. Ted managed to force his free left hand between the zombie's chest and his own, grabbing the Beretta out of its holster.
Ted pulled the pistol free, and jammed the muzzle up under the creature's maniacally chomping jaw and pulled the trigger. The report of the pistol, going off inside the cockpit, was deafening. Ted could hear nothing over the ringing in his ears, but he felt the zombie's grip slacken. The flight helmet flipped off the top of the creature's head to land, inverted, in its lap. The upside-down helmet seemed to Ted like a bowl full of grayish-pink scrambled eggs and ketchup. He closed his eyes and gritted his teeth trying to suppress his urge to vomit.
Ted pushed back from the pilot's seat, crashing into the bulkhead and slid down into a sitting position. He sat there, hyperventilating, as he tried to regain his composure. Over the ringing in his ears, Ted could faintly hear someone yelling, as if from very far away. Slowly, the bells became quieter and the yelling became louder. Melody was kneeling on the deck, right in front of him now.
“Teddy! Can you hear me?” Melody yelled.
“Yeah, I'm not deaf you know,” Ted replied in a soft and calm tone.
“Oh thank God!” Melody exclaimed. “Is any of that blood yours?”
“No, I don't think so,” Ted replied. “Don't touch me. This stuff will be pretty contagious.”
“You don't have to worry about that,” Melody said with a look of disgust.
Ted managed to stand up and staggered outside, jumping down from the landing skid to the ground. He stripped off his contaminated sweatshirt. Luckily, it had been zipped all the way up and the t-shirt underneath was still pretty clean. As Melody trickled water out of a bottle, Ted rinsed the blood, brains and bone off of his hands and face and out of his hair. When he was more or less clean, Melody tossed Ted a bottle of hand sanitizer. He rubbed down every exposed surface, except his eyes, with the alcohol gel until he felt fairly sanitary again.
“If that had happened to anyone else, I'd shoot them myself,” Melody stated flatly. “There is no way someone could have avoided getting infected.”
“Yeah well, I wouldn't go back in there if I were you,” Ted replied.
“No, I think I'll stay right here,” Melody said.
Ted picked the pistol up from the ground and rinsed it off as well. He examined it closely. It seemed like a standard military-issue Beretta. The slide had the usual markings: 

U.S. 9mm M9

Below the slide, on the side of the frame where the serial number should have been, however, there was nothing. The serial number hadn't been ground off; it appeared to have simply never been there.
“Just who the hell are these people?” Ted wondered aloud. “They haven't left anything to go on at all. I mean, it's not like I have the ability to trace the serial number on a pistol anyway, but these guys really are ghosts.”
Ted climbed back up and into the helicopter. He really didn't expect to find anything to go on at this point, but he didn't want to leave any stone unturned either. He went back to the cockpit. He could find no paperwork whatsoever. There was no flight log, no orders or manifests; nothing at all. The only place left to look was the pilots' pockets.
Ted studied the two cadavers, trying to decide which one was less disgusting. He finally settled on the older, more desiccated, corpse. He checked for dog tags around the skeleton's neck and found none. Then he went through the many pockets on the pilot's flight suit. He found nothing but a couple of pens in the pocket on the pilot's sleeve.
“Why on Earth would you need pens, if you don't have anything to write on?” Ted asked.
Thankfully, there was no reply.
After coming up with nothing on the first body, Ted was even more reluctant to search the other, drippier, one. He screwed up his courage and commenced with the grisly task. It took him longer to search this body, avoiding any contact with the copious amount of contagious brain goo that was splattered across its flight suit. When he arrived at the left breast pocket of the suit, Ted could feel a rigid, rectangular object through the fabric. Throwing caution to the wind, he grabbed the flap covering the top of the pocket and ripped the Velcro closure open.

“You are not going to believe this,” Ted said.
Melody looked up from retying her shoelace, to see Ted standing in the open door of the helicopter. He had what appeared to be some kind of automatic weapon slung over his shoulder. In his hand, he held what looked like an ID badge. He tossed the card to her. She was afraid to catch it and let it land on the ground in front of her.
“What do you make of that?” Ted asked.
The card had landed face down and Melody could see nothing. She drew her knife, carefully using the tip of it to flip the card over. She turned it around to see what was written on it. There was a photo of the pilot at the top of the badge and printed below it:

Cruz,
Oscar, M.
Security Operations
USDA/RIPEBM
Pay Grade:
GG12
If Found, Return to:
USDA, Colshire Dr.
McLean, VA 22102

A sim card was embedded at the bottom of the badge.
“Well,” Melody began, “I wouldn't be much of a farmer's daughter if I didn't know what USDA stood for. The rest of it means nothing to me.”
“At least we know that they are federal employees now,” Ted said. “They took such pains to cover their tracks, but this guy forgets to leave his ID badge at the office? My guess is he wasn't being groomed for a position at the top.”
Melody scoffed. “The Department of Agriculture had a division called ‘ripe bm’?”
Ted shrugged. “Must have had something to do with fertilizer.”
Ted and Melody smiled at each other.
“I don't know about you, but I'm having a hard time believing that these guys are Agriculture employees,” Ted said.
“Well they sure-as-shit ain't Farm Extension agents,” Melody replied. “That much, I’m sure of.”
“More like farmer extermination agents I'd say,” Ted replied.
“Well? What do you think?” Melody asked. “Did you find what you were looking for?”
“I don't know, but I think I now know where to look next anyway,” Ted replied. “I do think we've gotten everything we possibly can out of this helicopter though. Look at what else I found in the cockpit.”
Ted held another thermite grenade in his hand. This one still had the pin and lever intact. Ted jumped down to the ground and pulled the pin from the grenade. 
“What do you say we get the hell out of here?” Ted tossed the grenade into the helicopter's cabin.
“Sounds good to me,” Melody replied.
They watched as a white-hot jet of flame erupted from the base of the grenade and immediately started burning a hole through the chopper's fuselage. Ted tucked the ID card into his pocket and stowed his new toys in his pack before climbing into the Kubota and starting the engine.
As he started down the driveway to the road, Ted stopped to take a last look in the rear view mirror. The chopper was now engulfed in flames and was already starting to collapse in on itself. It seemed a fitting end to this latest mystery in Ted's saga. Suddenly something occurred to him. 
Ted slid the window open and craned his neck out to look back at the burning helicopter, then up to the sky. The roaring fire was boiling out a thick column of black smoke and sending it skyward. The smoke would be visible from many miles away.
“Jeez, maybe torching that chopper wasn't such a good idea. I hope no one is around to see that.”
Ted thought it best not to express his fears to Melody. He shrugged his shoulders and turned back to the steering wheel. Dropping the vehicle into gear, he punched the accelerator and flew out through the hole in the mangled gate and onto the road.

Chapter Thirteen
A Haircut and Uninvited Company

The next several days were filled with discussions of the discovery that Ted and Melody had made and what their plans should be for the future. They made a few more forays out into town. Ted wanted to show Melody some of his more interesting discoveries of the past year. In their travels, they gathered together more supplies they would need for their journey.
Deep down, both Ted and Melody realized that they were just wasting time. The town held nothing more for them now. Sooner or later, they would have to hit the road. As soon as they passed beyond the borders of the town, they would be entering uncharted territory. What they would find on their journey, or at their destination, was a complete mystery. The adversities they would face along the way were equally unknown. Autumn would turn into winter and traveling conditions would deteriorate. The sooner they got moving, the better off they would be.
To avoid the hardships of winter on the road, the two companions discussed the possibility of postponing their journey until springtime, but ultimately decided that neither of them could wait that long. Each of them had questions and the answers they sought lay far away. Every day they spent busying themselves around town, Ted's chances of discovering his family's fate became more remote. They would have to move, and soon.
In point of fact, however, both Ted and Melody were really enjoying themselves for the first time in as long as either of them could remember. It was easy to find reasons to postpone what was sure to be a long and arduous, trek while they were in such a comfortable position.
On the morning of the fourth day, Ted was emerging from a much-needed shower, with a towel draped over his shoulder. His head was tilted to the side as he tried to bang the water out of one of his ears. He wasn't watching where he was going and almost barged into Melody. She was just standing in the middle of the sidewalk, presumably waiting for him. When Ted looked up in surprise, he could see that she had a pair of barber's shears in one hand and a comb in the other.
“Okay, Powers. It's time to take care of that mop on top of your head. Your hair is almost as long as mine. This isn't 1968 you know.”
“Really? I thought it looked kind of cool.”
“Maybe if you were in a caveman beauty pageant,” Melody replied, “but not if you want to be seen in public with me!”
“Seen? In public? By whom exactly?”
“I don’t know, anybody.”
“Okay then, Perkins. Let's do it. We probably should have done it before I took a shower though.”
“Ha! I wasn't going to stick my fingers in there!”
“That's what she said!” Ted quipped.
Melody pointed across the yard. “That line only works if she actually didn't say it. Now, go sit in that lawn chair smartass.”
“Okay, okay... jeez!”
“Besides, you're going to need another shower anyway. I've got a job planned for you after your haircut,” Melody replied, pulling the towel from Ted's shoulder and draping it across his chest, before pulling it up tight around his neck. “Now, lean your head back a little bit.”
Ted did as he was told and Melody started to pull a comb through his damp hair, laying it all down flat. Next, she attacked the bulk of it, unceremoniously hacking away long chunks until the grass on the ground around the chair was barely visible. She passed a hand mirror to Ted.
“There! What do you think?”
Ted looked at himself in the mirror. His hair looked as though someone had put a bowl on his head and cut around the rim of it. No, a bowl-cut implies some sense of order. It wouldn't have been a bowl; maybe a kick ball that someone had run over with a lawn mower? He angled the mirror up to see Melody's grinning face.
“Now who's the smartass? Smartass! Congratulations on making me look like a pilgrim with a psychotic barber. Are you going to top it off with a hat with a giant buckle on it?”
Melody mimed a disappointed look. “You don't like the haircut I gave you? Thanksgiving is only about two months away you know!”
“You do know what you're doing? Don't you?” asked Ted.
“I told you I grew up in a house along with five males, didn't I? Can you imagine what our monthly barber's bill would have been like, if I hadn't learned to cut hair?”
“I don't know. You never showed me any photos of your brothers' haircuts.” After the words were already out, Ted realized that he might have touched on a sore subject. “Oh crap! I'm sorry Melody. I didn't mean...”
“Don't worry about it, kiddo. I'm fine.” Melody gave him a light swat on the back of the head.
Melody went back to work on Ted's hair. It quickly became obvious that she did know what she was doing, as she deftly wielded the comb and shears. Ted watched with amazement in the hand mirror as she carefully shaped and styled his hair into something pretty professional looking. He was really enjoying himself and was kind of disappointed when Melody stood back to admire her work and pronounced it complete.
“Not half-bad, Perkins!” Ted declared.
“Good! I’m glad you like it. So now that we're done with that, let me explain what I need you to do.”
“That sounds fair enough,” Ted replied. “What is it?”
“Well, that's the thing. It is kind of nasty. I wouldn't ask you to do it though if I could do it myself.”
“Yeah, I get it! Just tell me what it is.”
“Wait right here. I've got to go get something.” Melody disappeared into the house.
“Women!” Ted thought to himself. “Why can't they just tell you what you want to know without a big fuss?”
A moment later, Melody emerged from the kitchen door with her rucksack. She tossed it onto the picnic table, then went back to the garage and came out with a shovel in hand.
“So, this has been bothering me ever since the day we met and I really need you to do this. Okay?”
“Yes! All right already! Just tell me what you want me to do!”
Melody opened her pack and rummaged around, finally pulling out a small plastic bag, tied shut at the top. “Behind Wal-Mart, directly across the privacy wall from where we killed that other pile of goons, you'll find the body of an old lady...”
“Oh no! No, no, no, no!” Ted held up his hands in protest. “You've got to be kidding me! You want me to bury a stinky old zombie corpse? I didn't think I was agreeing to that!”
“Come on Teddy! Sweetheart?” Melody put on her most disarming smile. That smile never lost its efficacy on Ted. “Do this for me? Please?”
“Ugh! Give me the goddamned shovel! And what's in that?” Ted snatched the bag away from Melody. “It feels like chopsticks and a pile of hair.”
“OMG! You guessed it!” Melody tossed the shovel at Ted. “You're such a moron! Just please bury that with her.”
“What? The shovel?”
“No! The bag! Stop being such an idiot!”
“Okay...” Ted let out a long sigh. “Well, that was fun, but I guess this zombie isn’t going to bury itself.” He shouldered the shovel and headed for the back gate.
“Oh and Teddy?”
“Yes ma'am?”
“Do it nice.”
“Yes ma'am.”
Melody followed Ted out to the back alley, then latched the gate securely behind him.
“Mel?” Ted called from the other side of the gate.
“Yes dear?”
“Do not open that gate again until you're sure that I'm right on the other side of it.”
“Yes Mother!” Melody replied.
Melody heard Ted's feet crunching on the gravel as he headed down the alley. Then he started to whistle a tune. It was something from an old movie she couldn't quite put her finger on. A march maybe? As the sound of his whistling disappeared into the distance, Melody shrugged her shoulders and turned to the mundane task of cleaning up from breakfast.

About two hours later, Melody heard a knock at the gate.
“Teddy, is that you?”
The knock came again. It seemed more insistent this time. Melody walked back to the gate and called out again.
“Ted?”
There was no response, only silence. The knock did not come again. Cautiously, she lifted the heavy brace out of its brackets and slid back the bolt. Before she had the opportunity to grab the handle to pull the gate open, it was shoved open with enough force to almost knock her off balance. She let out a startled shriek.
“Damn it girl!” Ted yelled out. “I told you not to open the gate for anyone but me!”
“But it was you!”
“Yeah, but you didn't know that.”
“Anyway, who the hell is going to come knocking?” Melody replied indignantly.
“Well, you just never know. Now do you?”
“I guess not. I was just worried about you. You were gone for an awfully long time.”
Ted felt a twinge of regret for giving her such a hard time, but he was trying to make a point. “I've never known grave digging to be a quick process.”
“Well, anyway, I'm glad you're back,” Melody replied. “How did you make out?”
Ted stabbed the shovel into the ground with a flourish. “It’s done!”
“Thank you!” Melody exclaimed, then gave Ted a stern look. “Did you do it right?”
“I put a zombie underground. Is there a wrong way to do that?”
“Ugh! You're hopeless!” Melody stormed off into the house.
Ted followed her inside. “I was very respectful, if that's what you're asking.”
“Of course that's what I'm asking, Jerk!”
“Sorry. I was just having a little fun.”
“It seems like it’s always at my expense.”
“I wasn’t thinking,” Ted replied. “I'm sorry.”
“Never mind, it's okay. Look... enough of that. Let's change the course of this discussion a bit,” Melody said. “What would you like to do for the rest of the day?”
“I guess we should continue making preparations for our trip,” Ted said, walking through the living room to the bay window in front. “It is a beautiful day outside. We could-”
Ted's suggestion was cut short by two loud thuds on the window that faced uptown. Each thud was followed by a muffled crack. Ted stood, dumbfounded, staring at the polycarbonate windowpane. It took him a moment to figure out just what he was looking at. The window was now strangely deformed in two places. At these spots, the polymer was bulged out sharply, pointing directly at him like accusing fingers. In the nose of each of these bulges was a dark mass.
“What the f-?” Ted looked up just in time to see movement in the shrubbery across the street.
“Get down you idiot!” Melody screamed. “Someone is shooting at you!”
In an instant, it all became clear to Ted. His dad's expensive plastic windows had, with spectacular results, served their intended purpose; they had stopped two bullets from killing him. Ted fell flat on his face and turned his head toward Melody who was crouching in the kitchen.
“Did you see anything?” Ted asked.
“I'm not the one by the window, idiot. The question is; did you see anything?”
“I don't know,” Ted replied.
“You don't… know?” Melody had a disgusted look on her face.
“Well, I saw a flash of movement I think, but nothing I could identify.”
“So, what the hell do we do now?” Melody asked.
“I don't precisely know.” Ted's mind was racing. Before he could come to some sort of conclusion, a man’s voice came from outside.
“Melody Perkins!” He sounded serious. “We've got business to discuss!”
Ted turned toward Melody with a questioning look. She closed her eyes and her head sagged until her chin was touching her chest. Her whole body slumped as if a great weight had been placed on her shoulders.
“Oh... shit.” She whispered.
The voice came again “Melody? I know you're in there, girl! You and your little boyfriend.”
“Who the hell is that?” Ted asked.
“Not now.” Melody's posture had changed again. She seemed to force herself back upright and she sprang into action, crawling across the living room floor towards the window.
The man yelled again. “If you don't start talking soon, I'm just going to have to burn the place down.”
Melody reached the front wall and sat up, leaning back against it, beneath the window. Her eyes were clamped shut again and her face was screwed up as though she were trying to wish the man away. She probably was. After a long pause, she opened her eyes and looked right into Ted's. Melody took a deep breath and let out a long sigh.

With her eyes still locked onto Ted's, as if for support, Melody called out, “Yeah Joe! I'm in here!”
“Did you think I wouldn't find you?”
“Yeah. I really kinda did. I was hoping you wouldn't anyway.”
“Yeah well... sorry to disappoint. You know what it is I want! We can make this easy or hard. If you just hand it over without any fuss, we'll go away.”

“We?” Ted whispered. “There's more than one?”
Melody shut her eyes again and just nodded. “This can't be happening!” She whispered.
“And yet it is!” Ted whispered back sarcastically.

“Well?” The man yelled.
Over the course of this short conversation, Ted had been studying the two bullets embedded in the window. They appeared to be fairly large in diameter, but short in length: pistol bullets. They pretty much had to be pistol bullets anyway. If they had come from almost any type of rifle, they would have easily penetrated the thick plastic. Ted couldn't resist entering the conversation at this point.
“Hey! Um... Joe, is it?”
There was a long pause from outside before the man responded, “I wasn't talking to you, kid! This is between your girlfriend and me!”
“Yeah, well, Joe, I couldn't help noticing that you tried to shoot me from across the street and through a bullet-proof window, with a handgun. Now it occurs to me that you probably wouldn't have done that if you had a rifle and the fact that you only shot twice is telling me that you haven't got a lot of ammo to waste. Am I right?”
“Oh, so I've got a little Sherlock Holmes on my hands huh? Those are well-reasoned observations, kid, but all of that is of little consequence,” Joe replied.
“How's that Joe?”
“Well... let me explain it to you; you're in there and I'm out here. I can come at you from any angle, any time I want.” 
Ted was starting to feel trapped and not very confident, but he also knew that he couldn't show it. “Well, Joe, let’s look at the facts; I've got an unlimited number of weapons and an obscene amount of ammo in here, so why don't you just fuck off before I have to shoot you?”
“Awfully big talk from such a little man!” Joe yelled back. “The only fact that matters is that you're out of your depth, you little turd. Why don't you just let Melody do the thinking? She's well aware of my capabilities.”
“I'm actually inclined to agree with the little turd!” Melody called back. “I'm pretty sure he's right. We've got you outgunned and you know it. If you really thought you could storm the castle, you would have just done it, instead of announcing your presence by trying to shoot at us through a bulletproof window. I guess what I'm trying to say is: Why don't you fuck off?”
Joe seemed to think about this for a few moments. “So that's how it is huh? Peter and Wendy want to make a stand against the grownups?” he called back in a condescending tone.
“Yeah, it looks that way.” Melody answered.
“Okay. If that's how you want this to play out, I could just burn you out now, but then I'd end up destroying all the cool stuff you allegedly have in there. No, I think I'm going to give you some time to reconsider. You've got twenty four hours.”
“Our answer will be the same in twenty four hours!” Ted called.
There was no response. Ted crawled to the window and peeked over the sill. He could see nothing through the deformed 'glass.' There was no movement on the other side of the hedges or in any direction that Ted looked. Joe had disappeared just as suddenly as he had appeared.
Ted sank back down in a sitting position beside Melody. He turned to look at her, but she wouldn't make eye contact. She looked as though her world was coming apart at the seams.
“Look, Melody, I can see you're upset,” Ted began, “but, um, would you mind explaining to me what just happened?”
Melody gave no response. She just stared at the floor, apparently in a state of shock.
“Mel?”
After a long pause, Melody turned to face Ted. “I suppose I owe you at least that much.”

Chapter Fourteen
Explanations

Melody sat with her back to the wall under the front window looking like all the wind had been let out of her sails. She stared at the ceiling for a few more moments, then closed her eyes and shook her head. “This is bad.”
“I managed to figure that much out on my own,” Ted replied.
Melody took a deep breath before she started. “I ran into them a couple of months after I left home.”
“Whoa. Back up a second. First of all, exactly who are we talking about?”
“Well, there's Joe... obviously and there's a woman he travels with, Lilith.”
“Okay, so how did you 'run into them'?”
“Well... I'd been traveling on my own for a while. I was doing all right, you know? I got good at avoiding zombies and I hadn't even seen any 'normal' people since I left home. I didn't really know where I was going, so I was just heading east. The coast seemed like the place where I'd have the best chance of finding some people who were organized together and had some sort of plan.”
“It seems to me like you might have ended up with your back against the ocean with no place to run,” Ted said.
“That had occurred to me, but is it any worse to be backed up with no place to retreat, than it is to be completely surrounded? It was basically just a crap shoot anyway. I just weighed my options and ended up going with what seemed like the lesser of two evils. I figured that if worse came to worse, I could at least try to find a boat and head out onto the water. I don't get the impression that zombies are very good swimmers.”
“Probably not, but I'll bet that serviceable boats pretty rare on the coast. It would be like trying to find a car, with gasoline in it, around here,” Ted replied.
“Maybe, but I wasn't going to sit around on my ass and wait for someone to come rescue me either.” Melody hadn't been able to resist taking a little dig at Ted.
“Touché.”
“Anyway, It didn't make much difference because I never made it to my destination.” Melody raised her eyebrows and let out a long sigh. “I was sticking to the countryside mostly. Most people lived in towns and cities. So, as you can probably imagine, what used to be population centers for humans, are now population centers for zombies. I avoided towns mostly and cities completely. This is really the first town I've been in since I-don't-know-when. The only reason I came here was because I was on the run and desperate.”
“I have noticed that zombies usually do hang around familiar surroundings,” Ted replied. “If nothing interesting grabs their attention, they seem to stay put pretty much. Was scrounging in the countryside very productive?”
“Not really. The pickings were usually pretty slim. I have a theory that people were able to stay in their homes for a longer period of time out in the country. I think most of them literally ate themselves out of house and home before they packed up and left. I have to tell you that your situation has been pretty unique in more ways than one.”
“What makes you think a farmhouse is easier to defend than a house in town?”
“I don’t know if it’s necessarily easier to defend, but there was a lot less pressure from the zombies. Fewer people mean fewer zombies. Besides that, a lot of farm houses, like ours, stand out on open ground. You can see them coming, long before they can get to you. Our place was surrounded by fields. We could have shot a hundred yards in almost any direction.”
“The zombies did make it into your house.”
“Yeah, well, they got in here also, along with God-knows-what else. You certainly have no idea.”
“Good point.” Ted conceded.
“Anyway, most of the houses I searched had completely exhausted food supplies. I got by mostly by ransacking old farms for anything I could find. Let me tell you; I've eaten a lot of unidentified and undated stuff out of mason jars in people’s cellars.”
“Mmmm! Tasty!”
“Some of it actually wasn’t bad, but I can tell that you've never really run out of Pop Tarts.”
“No I guess I haven't,” Ted replied. “Houses have been pretty good to me. I’m just really careful with refrigerators and stay out from under beds as much as possible.”
“Right?” Melody gave a disgusted look.

Anyone who had survived the zombie apocalypse long enough to start scrounging in houses for survival, learned to be very cautious about two particular places in every house. Bedrooms could hold some pretty nasty surprises, but refrigerators were in a league of their own.
Thanks to a few valiant and dedicated engineers at power plants, the electric grid stayed up for several weeks after most people were either turned or dead. In point of fact, thanks to modern terrorism, power plants were some of the safest places in the world. This was particularly true of nuclear generating stations. It was more difficult to gain access to a nuclear plant than just about anyplace else on Earth. Even military installations had thousands of people coming and going every day, resulting in most of them being quickly overrun by the infected.
For the short time that the power grid was up, fresh food was generally still available. When it went down, however, the survivors had a choice to make: eat everything at once in one big feast or dig a giant hole in the yard and have a food funeral. Most people, naturally, took the feast option. The refrigerators in unoccupied buildings, with no one to empty them, were transformed, virtually overnight, into nightmarishly putrid cabinets of furry rotting goo. Unfortunately, most fridges also contained a lot of non-perishable items. While these items were, technically, suitable for consumption, puking from the stench and spraying your breakfast all over the kitchen floor countermanded any nutritional benefit they might have provided.
Bedrooms could have a similar effect on the digestive system. People did a lot of living in their bedrooms, but they also had a nasty habit of dying in them. Ted quickly learned to avoid looking directly at the bed when entering a bedroom. He could detect everything he needed to know using his peripheral vision and his senses of smell and hearing.
Yes, hearing. A decomposing corpse is usually not nearly as silent as it should be.
Oftentimes people kept things under their beds in plastic bins or other containers. But if there were bodies in the bed and no plastic bins, you could just forget about using (or even touching) anything underneath. Remember that the human body is about sixty percent water. That's around 45 quarts on average. There wasn't enough Clorox on the planet.
It is a natural human instinct to keep your valuables close to where you sleep, so bedrooms are a necessary evil to a scrounger. Some of these “valuables” were, in fact, worthless. Minted and printed currency had no value whatsoever. Ted amused himself by collecting hundreds of thousands of dollars in folding money around town. He mostly used it for starting fires.
On the other hand, it never ceased to amaze Ted just how many things with true, intrinsic value could be found in the average bedroom. Gold and silver coinage abounded, as well as fine jewelry. Even these things, however, only had value if there was a suitable population density for trade. Ted still had his doubts, but he collected these 'valuables' anyway.
The most useful things to be found in bedrooms were the weapons people kept to protect their 'valuables'. In the end, it was the guns and ammunition that proved to be the real treasure. Of course, many houses contained no guns or ammo at all. When Armageddon finally came knocking, many of the most richly appointed houses lay defenseless, aside from an expensive security system and a cell phone on the bedside table. In other words: completely defenseless.
A scrounger could find, in addition to many other things, a wide variety of defensive strategies in the houses of the departed. The one that most amused Ted was seen in bedrooms that had baseball bats, field hockey or lacrosse sticks, lone golf drivers and other similarly useless items leaning beside the door or next to the bed. Blunt trauma weapons could actually be fairly effective against zombies, but in a traditional home invasion by armed criminals, any of these items would have proved to be little more than a liability.
The existence of guns in a house seemed to be determined not so much by the homeowners’ financial status, but rather by their political leanings. If people felt they needed guns, they usually found a way to pay for them. As a matter of fact, some of the most modest homes were the best equipped in this regard. Ted could usually tell, from the mail on the kitchen table and the bumper stickers on the cars in the driveway, whether or not it would be a waste of time to look carefully for loose floorboards.

Well, anyway, I've probably bored you enough with my little treatise on scrounging. It's time to get back to our heroes and their current predicament.

“So, how did you get mixed up with this lot?” Ted asked.
“I was checking out a promising-looking abandoned farm.” Melody stared straight ahead as she began her story. She seemed a million miles away. “At least it looked unoccupied. I had developed a kind of system for drawing zombies out of hiding. I’ve found that they are a lot easier to deal with when they are out in the open. Getting mixed up with them inside a house can be much more difficult. So, I ran through the whole song-and-dance (quite literally) on the front porch of this farm house and nothing happened.” Melody shrugged. “I'd been traveling so long without seeing any other people, that I never really considered the possibility that there might be humans inside rather than a zombies or animals. When nothing came out of the house to kill me, I went inside and started checking it out. When I was done with the kitchen, I went into the dining room. I was searching through the china cupboard when I heard a floorboard creak. I looked up and saw a person standing in the living room doorway. Then I turned back to the kitchen and there was someone in that door as well. It was a man and a woman. I could see right away that they weren't infected but the way they had snuck up on me, and cut off my avenues of escape, really set me on edge. I started to panic. ”
“You had nowhere to run?”
“Not really. I was thinking about going for the window, but the dining room table was between me and it. Joe and Lilith were close to both ends of the table so I would have either had to go under or over it. I think they could see that I was ready to run and Lilith was the first to speak. She started feeding me some bullshit story about how they hadn't been sure what I was and were concerned about the threat I posed. I wasn't buying that. I hadn't been acting like a zombie at all; zombies don't ransack houses. Her little speech had kind of broken the tension though. I didn't see any way out other than sliding across the table and smashing through the glass window; I can’t imagine that would have turned out very well. I really didn't have a lot of options.”
“No. It sounds like you didn’t.”
“In truth, I think there was actually a part of me that was happy to see other 'normal' people but I still got a bad vibe from them, especially Joe. He still hadn't said a word. But... I knew I was in kind of a tight spot so I decided to just go along with it and see what would happen.”
“I can see that.”
Ted's sarcasm wasn't lost on Melody. “Oh yeah! Right! What the hell would you have done?” she retorted indignantly.
“Well, first of all, I think I might have told you that there was a possibility that I might have a pack of killers on my trail.”
“That's very easy for you to say, but you haven't been in that situation.”
“I seem to be now!”
Melody looked down at the floor and let out a long sigh. “Yes, I guess you are and it’s my fault. You've got every right to be angry with me, but I honestly thought I had gotten away clean. I really thought I'd never see them again. When I met you, you seemed nice and I didn't want to scare you off.”
“I wouldn't have been scared off.” Ted dismissed the notion as though it was the most preposterous thing he'd ever heard.
“Again, that’s easy to say, but I really don't think you know what it's like to be on the run, always looking over your shoulder. It changes you.”
Ted could see that Melody really was sorry and he regretted having been so hard on her. “Look, I'm sorry. I understand that you really didn't have any choice, but I need you to level with me now. Why are they following you? What do they want from you? I mean now they obviously want everything we've got, but they can't have been following you in hopes that you would lead them here?”
“No. I wouldn't give them that much credit. I don't think either of them is capable of thinking that far ahead. The truth is, they're just a couple of opportunistic scumbags. Well, at least Joe is. In the beginning, though, they were actually pretty nice to me. After I got over the initial shock they gave me, they seemed to be okay. They did have some food, which they shared with me. It seemed like I might be safer traveling with them, so I decided to stick with them, for a while anyway. I guess I was safer, to a point, but we did most of our traveling on the road.”
“Not a good idea?”
Melody shrugged. “I guess it all depends on your personal survival strategy. When I was traveling alone, I always stayed away from the roads. They just seemed unnecessarily risky, too open. Sure enough, when we started traveling in the open, it wasn't long before we started running into others. I hadn't realized before that there were any other people left.”
“So you started seeing other people regularly?” Ted seemed puzzled. “I haven't seen anyone other than you and now Joe, in forever.”
“Not many people, and I wouldn’t say regularly, but there were a few. We ran into individuals from time to time and it was then that I realized that Joe is nothing but a con man. The reason he was so willing to take me along is that a teenage girl is far less threatening than a couple of middle-aged hobos. Joe was always looking to take advantage of anyone we found traveling alone. If we saw more than one person, we would avoid them.”
“So you helped them run their con games?” Ted cast an accusatory gaze on Melody.
“Absolutely not! As soon as Joe realized I wasn't going to be his little protégé, I lost any chance of escape. He started keeping me on a real short leash. I ended up being nothing more than the bait for his hook.”
“And what about Lilith?”
“She was just last year’s model I think. Lilith only stuck with Joe because he could protect her. She was actually pretty decent to me, but she wasn't about to help me escape.”
“Which brings us back to my earlier question; what do they want from you?”
“Wait here.” Melody turned around and peeked over the windowsill again. Seeing nothing, she stood up and walked out to the kitchen.
When she returned, Melody was carrying an accordion-pleated cardboard file folder tied shut with string. Without a word, she handed it over to Ted. He untied the string and upended the folder. A thick binder full of papers and a microfiber pouch slid out of the folder into his lap.
“That's what they're after.”
“Okay, so what is it?” Ted asked.
“About two months ago, we met a man on the road. We were headed southeast. He was one of the first people we had seen who was headed north. Joe approached him, and fed him the usual story of us being a family of survivors headed toward the coast. The man naturally seemed apprehensive at first, but Joe can be a pretty smooth talker when he wants to be. I was really sick of the whole routine by that time. I wanted to warn the guy right away, but it soon became clear that he wasn't the average survivor. I thought maybe we could help each other, so I held off.”
“Not average how?”
“After Joe had put him at ease, the guy became very forthcoming, I think a little too forthcoming for his own good. He was apparently on an important mission and I think he was hoping we would help him finish it. I'm not sure about the exact details. What I do know is this: He, and some other scientists were working on a cure for this thing. I don't know if they worked for the government, or a private company, but they were in some secret high-security laboratory in Virginia. And so... from what he told us... they figured it out. He told us that all the other researchers who were trying to isolate a virus were on the wrong track. He said that it isn't a virus at all. He told us it has something to do with proteins? He thought that they could develop some kind of genetic cure or treatment for the disease.” Melody shrugged and shook her head.
“And I guess Joe was definitely not the right person to confide in?”
“Not so much.”
“Let me guess; this scientist met with an unfortunate accident?”
“Of course that's the way Joe told it.” Melody shrugged again. “I wasn't there when it happened.”
“Hmm.”
“Anyway... that binder you have contains all the important details of their research findings and, if you open that little pouch, you will find a GPS unit. It's got a single waypoint in it. Apparently, it's the location of the laboratory where they did their research.”
Ted shook the GPS unit out of its pouch and powered it up. After the unit had acquired enough satellites to navigate, he found the waypoint and set the unit to navigate there.
“This thing says the destination is a hundred and thirty miles southwest of here. Where exactly did you run into this scientist?”
“I think we were still in southern New York.”
Ted raised his eyebrows. “Did he tell you where he was going?”
Melody nodded. “Yeah. He told us that by the time they figured out what they were looking for, the lab had lost contact with whoever was supposed to be monitoring their progress. The scientist told us there were six researchers left in the laboratory. According to him, there wasn’t much more that they could do in the lab, so they decided to pair up into three teams, all carrying the same information. They didn't know where was the best place to take their data or if anyone would even be there when they arrived. He said that one team headed for Washington, D.C. and one headed for the CDC in Atlanta. Our guy was headed for Ottawa, Ontario, in hopes that the Canadian government had fared better than ours. He said that his partner hadn’t even made it through Maryland.”
“So after the bloodthirsty killer you were traveling with did away with this guy, you decided you were going to grab the GPS and notebook and set out on your own?”
“I know. In retrospect it sounds kind of stupid, but yeah. I had gotten pretty good at traveling cross-country and Joe and Lilith always stuck to the roads, at least when I was with them. I figured that if I left after dark and put enough distance between them and myself by dawn, I had a pretty good chance. Joe likes to tie one on, when he has the opportunity and the scientist had a bottle of something with him. Scotch maybe? Joe was in a pretty good mood, and he hit that bottle hard that evening. After he and Lilith were asleep, I took my own gear and that folder and ran. I never stopped running, until I ran into you. Until today, I really thought I'd gotten away with it.”
“So what were you planning on doing with this information?” Ted looked perplexed.
“I don't know exactly,” Melody replied. “I was just following the GPS in the general direction of the laboratory. I didn't really have any plan on what I would do when I got there. I just knew that I couldn’t allow Joe to have that kind of information. It scares me, just thinking about it.”
“From the little I've seen of him, I’m guessing you’re right about that.”
For a while, Ted and Melody sat without speaking, thinking about the predicament they had found themselves in. Finally, Ted broke the silence.
“Well, it looks like we can't go outside now and even if we could, it's getting too late to go much of anyplace anyway. I think we'd better spend the rest of the day preparing for tomorrow. We're going to have to batten down the hatches if we're planning on making a stand. I've never had to deal with this kind of thing before. I'm not even really sure what we need to do.”
“We can do it together,” Melody replied. “I got you into this mess. I'll get you out.”
“Okay! So that's that then! We'll do it together.” With a sudden burst of energy, Ted jumped to his feet. “This is our house! I'll be damned if someone's going to push us out of it!”
Ted and Melody spent the rest of the day fortifying their position, checking weapons and making other preparations for the following day.  As they worked, Ted tried to project an up-beat attitude. Melody's mood, on the other hand, worsened as the day wore on. It was obvious that she blamed herself for the mess they were in, despite Ted's assurances to the contrary. He wished that he could take back the things he had said earlier although, considering the circumstances, he had shown remarkable restraint. 
It was Melody's fault after all, but Ted really didn't care. He was just glad she was there. In contrast to the months he had spent mired in boredom and loneliness and depression, Melody had brought a real sense of adventure and purpose to his life. He figured it was only going to get more exciting as time went on. When he really thought about it, he couldn't remember when he'd ever been happier. He didn’t seem to be able to lift Melody's spirits, however, no matter what he tried. It was obvious that this was a day she had hoped would never come, but now it had.
As day turned to evening, Ted and Melody ran out of ideas for preparations to make. It seemed as though they were as well equipped and their position as well fortified, as was possible. They prepared a dinner that was eaten in relative silence. The tension was wearing on both of them now and even Ted had run out of upbeat things to say. After the dishes were washed and put away, they said their good nights and went to bed to rest up for what was sure to be a momentous day.

Inside the house, everything was dark and silent. While its occupants slept, the world outside was undergoing a dramatic transformation. A bright, full moon emerged above the horizon into a cloudless sky. As it rose above the rooftops, it cast long shadows across the landscape. Night was giving way to a sort of brilliant twilight.
Several hours later, the moon reached the apex of its march across the heavens. Now, inky puddles of blackness lingered only in the most secluded places. The rest of the world was bathed in a soft, white light that made everything in it stand out in crisp relief. Each blade of grass in the back yard seemed sharply defined in a way that it would not have been, even at high noon. Making no more noise than the moonlight itself, a shadowy figure slipped down the back walk and out through the gate. The gate closed again, latching with a barely-audible click.

Chapter Fifteen
Crisis

Moonlight had been replaced by bright sun, long before Ted climbed out onto the roof of the house to scan the surrounding area for any sign of Melody.
Ted was angry, mostly with himself, for both accusing Melody of bringing this pair of criminals to his door and for oversleeping. He was also angry at Melody for leaving him alone in this predicament. More importantly, however, he was worried about her.
Most importantly, Ted was confused. Why had Melody taken off in the night? Why had she left the package behind? Without it, Joe was certain to still be here. What had she been thinking? Now he would be left to defend his position alone. He couldn't help being angry at her, but he was more worried for her safety than for his own.
As he glassed the neighborhood, Ted could see no sign of Melody or of her passing. All of the 'neighbors' were in their usual places. She must have passed them by without drawing their attention. She was a clever and resourceful girl. He admired her more and more every day, even though he couldn't imagine what she hoped to achieve through this latest stunt. 
One thing Ted knew for sure was that he must find Melody and make sure she was safe. He had to try to convince her to come back. Even after just a few days together, he couldn't imagine how he would make it without her.
After he had assured himself that the neighborhood looked pretty safe and he was quite sure that Melody was nowhere to be seen, Ted decided to conduct a careful recon of the area on foot. He was just about to abandon his rooftop vigil when he spotted a figure walking down the middle of the street in his direction.
The person was still probably a half-mile away, but even at that distance, Ted could see that it did not have the shambling gait of a zombie. Through the binoculars, he could clearly see that the figure was female. His heart leapt. Was Melody coming back? After a few more moments, he could clearly see that was not the case. It had to be Joe's partner. Lilly was it? That didn't sound quite right.
Was she crazy? Walking down the middle of Main Street might work in some other towns, but not here, certainly not in broad daylight. Up at that end of town the zombies weren't as numerous, but down this way, walking in the middle of the street could get a normal person dead. Real quick. Ted knew that he would have to do something and fast.
There was a very obvious problem, though; this could be a trap, designed to get Ted out in the open. Whether or not it was, he couldn't sit idly by and watch the woman be eaten alive. It was just a chance he would have to take. He could see no sign of Joe and, as far as Ted knew, Joe had no rifle, 0nly a handgun with a limited supply of ammo. This was a chance he would just have to take. It was time to go.
Ted was down the stairs to the first floor in a flash, grabbing his rifle on his way out the door. In the garage, he checked the fuel gauge on the Kubota. The gauge registered nothing. Ted had already known that. The vehicle had been sitting idle since their trip to the quarry for just that reason. Ted would have to gamble on not running out of fuel.  The machine was his only chance of reaching the woman in time. This little excursion could get really interesting.
Ted popped the latch on the garage door and rolled it up, checking for any signs of danger outside. The coast looked clear. He cranked the vehicle's engine to life and peeled out into the alley. Flying along as fast as he dared, Ted scanned his environment constantly, examining any bit of cover that an attacker could use to ambush him. He hit the end of the alley without even slowing down and cut the steering wheel sending the machine sliding out into the street. Regaining his grip on the road, Ted gunned the engine on a beeline path to the woman in the street.
As Ted approached the woman, he could see a look of complete surprise on her face. No, this was definitely not a trap. If it was, Joe hadn’t let her in on the plan anyway. The look on the woman's face told Ted she had absolutely no idea what was going on. Ted locked the brakes and cut the wheel hard, coming to a skidding halt right in front of the stunned woman.
“Get in!” Ted yelled.
The woman Hesitated for a moment. “I was just supposed to give you this,” she said, holding out a portable two-way radio at arm’s length.
In his peripheral vision, Ted could see movement on both sides of their position. “Ma’am, if you don't get in this vehicle right now, you will never have the chance to give me that.”
The woman glanced around. Spotting the rapidly approaching zombies seemed to jolt her out of her state of shock. With a sudden burst of energy, she jumped into the vehicle. Before she had planted herself on the seat, Ted had the vehicle in motion again. He punched the accelerator all the way to the floor, throwing the woman back in her seat. Ted never let up off the accelerator again till they came to a skidding stop in the garage. Ted shut off the engine and slammed the garage door back down.
“I’m sorry I had to yell at you Ma'am, but what the hell were you doing?” Ted asked.
“I told you, he wanted me to give you this.”
Again, the woman held out the radio at arm’s length.  She let it dangle by its antenna, grasping the tip between her thumb and forefinger, as though she were holding a dead rat by its tail.
Ted took the radio from her. “Your husband, or whoever that guy is, obviously doesn't care much about your welfare.”
“Joe is not my husband! My husband has been gone a long time now.” The woman seemed to think about this for a few moments. “If he were still alive, I wouldn’t even be here.”
“Well, whatever Joe may be to you, he still doesn't give a damn about you.”
“No, I don't suppose he does, but I figure I'm still safer with him than I would be on my own.”
“What exactly do you figure you’re safer from, him?”
“Among other things.”
“It looks like this morning he sent you out to get eaten. That doesn’t seem too safe.”
“I said safer, not safe.”
“You know what I think?” Ted didn’t wait for an answer. “I think the safest thing you could do is to put as much distance between Joe and yourself as possible.”
“Yeah, well you don't know Joe. You don't know what he's capable of. The best course of action is usually to just give Joe what he wants. That's what I suggest you do. I suppose you've figured out by now that he has Melody?” Lilith replied.
“I had my suspicions, but I guess you just confirmed them. And you know what? You're right; I don't know Joe, but I do know his type. I've been dealing with bullies for a long time. I know that if I give him what he wants, he'll only come back for more. The taking will never stop until someone puts a stop to it.”
“And you think you can do that?”
“I don't think I have much choice. We’re not just talking about lunch money now.”
Lilith raised her eyebrows. “Well... anyway, I did what I came to do. I'd better get going. You should call him as soon as I'm gone.”
 “Why are you going to go back to him? If you left right now, I wouldn't come after you. I could probably even help you. You could stay here for that matter.” Ted could see that he was losing this argument, but he tried to project a lot more confidence than he felt. “We've got plenty for three people, but if you decide to go back to Joe now, you'll be putting your money on the wrong horse. I guarantee it.”
“Listen, kid, I appreciate what you’re trying to do, but I've been dealing with this for a long time. I can take care of myself.”
Lilith didn't look like she could take care of herself. She had to be pretty tough to have survived this long, but she didn't look like it. She was thin and her face was drawn. Her clothing was in decent condition and reasonably clean, but she had a look of neglect about her. It was obvious to see that she had been quite pretty once, but now she just looked tired.
“We are in the bank building,” Lilith said.
The bank was one building in town that Ted had stayed away from. The building seemed very secure, almost impenetrable. It was designed to keep out unauthorized people. That included him. Anyway, Ted had no use for anything inside the bank. Paper money was less than worthless now and any real valuables would be sealed inside the vault. Even if he knew the combination to the safe, it wouldn't open without electric power. The bank building seemed like it could come in handy someday, and it had, just not for him.
“How did you manage that?” Ted asked.
“Joe has a knack for opening locked doors,” Lilith replied. “There is a diesel generator in the basement of the bank. Joe drained some fuel oil out of the heating system to get it running again. That's why the battery in this radio is charged up. Everything is working over there, except Joe hasn’t figured out how to open the vault door. The vault doesn’t really matter anyway, because what Joe really wants is what you've got.”
“Yeah well, He's not getting it without a fight,” Ted replied. “So what's it going to be? Should I take you to a safe spot outside of town so you can leave or back to the bank?”
“I have to go back to the bank, but not just for my sake. Remember he has Melody. If I don't come back, he might kill her,” Lilith said.
“No he won't. Not while I still have the package,” Ted was still trying to sound a lot more confident than he felt. “but I have no doubt that if he gets what he wants, he'll kill us all without even thinking about it.”
Lilith was still obviously unimpressed. “Well, you can believe what you want, but I'm going back. Can you get me there?”
“I can get you close.”
“That will have to do.”

After taking an indirect route to the bank and dropping off Lilith out of sight of the building, Ted returned home to try to develop a strategy. In reality, he wasn't nearly as confident as he had tried to sound when he was talking to Lilith. He had no idea how he could rescue Melody without giving Joe what he wanted.

The radio crackled. “Hey, kid, can you hear me?”
Ted just stared at the radio for a minute before picking it up from the kitchen table and pressing the transmit key. “Yes, I can hear you. What do you want?”
“What do you think I want Ted? It is Ted right? I take it that Lilith told you that your little girlfriend is with us. If you want to see her again you'll cooperate with me.”
“Okay, Joe, so what kind of a deal are we talking about?”
“Just a straight-up trade. I'll give you Melody back and you give me what she stole from me.”
“Just like that?”
“Just like that.”
“And then what?”
“And then nothing, I'll go away and you'll never see me again. You've got nothing I want other than that little package that Melody left with you.”
The radio signal was not the strongest and Joe’s words came through with plenty of static, but even so, Ted could hear the insincere tone in his voice. He knew, that Joe wasn't telling the truth. He would have known that even if he couldn’t hear Joe’s voice. Joe undoubtedly knew that Ted was sitting on a treasure trove of food, medical supplies, weapons, ammo, etc. If Joe pressured Ted into giving him one thing, wouldn't he want it all?
“Joe, to be honest, I’m not sure I can accept your offer at face value. I'll have to think about it.”
“You do that. Just don't take too long getting back to me, kid. I’ve already given you 24 hours. There is a limit to my patience.”
Without responding, Ted turned off the radio and went to sit at the kitchen table. He needed to think.

Several hours later, Ted turned the radio back on and pushed the transmit button. “Joe? You listening to me?”
The radio crackled. “Yeah, kid. I'm here,” Joe replied.
“Okay, you want your package back, I want Melody back.  I’ll accept your offer. Let's make a deal.”
“Sounds good to me, kid. What do you have in mind?” Joe asked.
“I'll come to you. Be ready at 9:00 a.m. You're in the bank building, right?” Ted asked.
“Yeah, kid. I'll be here. Just make sure you've got what I want when you come. I'm not in the mood to play games. I meant what I said. Give me what I want and you'll never see me again.”
“I'm counting on it,” Ted replied. “And Joe? Don't get greedy and try anything stupid before tomorrow. Remember, I've got you outgunned.”
There was a pause before the radio crackled again. “You're feeling awfully confident aren't you, kid? You may have me outgunned, but I've definitely got you outclassed. You're completely out of your depth. But all of that is of little consequence anyway. You've got nothing to worry about. You just hold up your end of the deal tomorrow and I'll be on my way.”
“I hope so,” Ted replied. “By the way, Melody never told me what was so special about this GPS. What have you got marked on this thing that's so important?”
“Nothing you need to concern yourself about, kid,” Joe replied. “You wouldn't know what to do with it if you had it.”

“Well, we'll just see about that, won't we?” Ted thought to himself. 

Ted pushed the transmit button on the radio. “Okay, Joe. It looks like we've got a big day ahead of ourselves tomorrow. I think I'd better get to bed. You might want to do the same.”
“I think I will, kid. Just remember what I told you. Bring the package and you've got nothing to worry about.”

Ted switched the radio off without replying. “I'll let you have the last word, this time.”
In reality, Ted had plenty to worry about. He had to formulate a plan and he didn't have much time to do it. With all that was at stake, he couldn't just let Joe have the GPS and the notebook. Even if Joe did hold up his end of the bargain and released Melody, there were more important considerations. Ted knew that the fate of the whole world, what little was left of it, would be affected by the transaction that happened tomorrow.
Ted needed to come up with a plan, a good one.

Chapter Sixteen
Negotiations

Unlike the day before, Ted was up and moving long before dawn. He hurried around the house, heating water on the wood stove and gathering the things he would need to successfully execute his plan for the day. He checked and double-checked his gear. On this day, everything had to go according to plan and all of his equipment must function perfectly. His success and Melody's life, depended on it. He packed nearly as much as he could carry in an old military ALICE pack he had had since he'd first gone camping with his Dad years ago.
Ted sat down at the kitchen table with a couple of pieces of paper and hastily scribbled out two notes. He folded them and placed one in his pack and the other in his pocket. Lastly, he placed the package with the notebook and GPS in the front pocket of the pack.
Shouldering his heavy burden, Ted quietly opened the back door and slipped out into the pre-dawn gloom. He grabbed a five gallon plastic bucket from beside the door and headed down the walk to the back gate. Ted paused to inhale deeply through his nose. He could detect no human scent, neither Melody's nor any other. He opened the gate and went out into the alley as quietly as possible.
When he was out in the open, Ted carefully surveyed his surroundings. Even though there was only a faint glow on the eastern horizon, he could see quite well. He couldn’t see any sign of an ambush. Ted wasn't really surprised. Joe had a solid, defensible position. He wasn't likely to sneak out here in the dark to try to ambush Ted. The number of zombies in this neighborhood made it way too dangerous for a normal person to go for a casual moonlit walk. Besides, one doesn't usually go spear fishing if he has a good hook and some irresistible bait (especially when the water is infested with sharks).
Satisfied that the coast was clear, Ted silently set out through the semi-darkness. He stole down the alley and turned the corner. Even though visibility was still way too limited for Joe to see him at this distance, Ted crossed Main Street as quickly as he could, straining to run under the heavy load on his back.
Ted zig-zagged uptown using back streets and alleys to keep out of sight of the bank building. One problem with his little town was that it was pretty much laid out in a straight line. He had to travel strategically to avoid emerging onto the main drag ahead of schedule.
By the time Ted arrived at the back of the movie theater, his curiosity was getting the better of him. He just had to take a look. He crept up the alley that ran along the side of the theater. When he reached Main Street, Ted carefully peeked around the corner of the building in the direction of the bank. He could see nothing. There was no light, nor any movement that he could detect. There were no signs of life to betray the presence of the people inside the bank building.
“I wonder where he is? Well, he might not want to give away his position, but I know where I would be, so I guess we'll continue with Plan A for the time being.”
Ted turned and went back around the rear of the theater. He cut through a few more back alleys until he reached the back of the old Woolworth's building.
The glow in the east was getting noticeably brighter by the minute. Ted found a hiding place to stash his pack and deposited it on the ground out of sight. Stooping over the pack, Ted opened it and rummaged around inside, retrieving the things he would need for this phase of the plan. He paused for a moment, staring at some of the pack's other contents. He couldn't help wondering if he should be bringing some of them with him.
“No, Powers. Stick to the plan. It's a good one. It will work! You don't need to be tempted by that other stuff.”
Ted closed his pack and grabbed the five-gallon bucket. He set the bucket, upside-down, on the ground directly below the fire escape ladder on the back of Woolworth's. He climbed on top of the bucket and crouched down. Keeping his eye on the end of the ladder, Ted pushed off of the bucket with all his strength, jumping as high as he could. Before the jump, Ted had his doubts, but he needn't have. He flew higher than he had thought possible, but not too high, just barely catching the bottom rung of the ladder with his fingertips.
Ted clutched onto the rung for dear life. He hung, motionless for a moment, mentally willing himself to overcome the ladder's inertia. After what seemed like an eternity, the counterbalance on the ladder started to rise under his weight and Ted slowly descended back to the ground with the ladder. Just as his feet touched the top of the bucket again, something in the ladder mechanism gave out a God-awful screech. Ted froze, his heart pounding in his throat. Had it really been that loud? Probably not, but in the narrow alley between two brick buildings and in contrast to the silence of the morning broken only by the soft chirping of crickets, it sounded like a thunderclap. Ted stood frozen, balancing on tiptoes on top of the bucket for several minutes, listening for any sound of approaching danger. Hearing nothing, he decided to proceed with his plan. Holding the ladder with one hand, he stepped down off the bucket and turned it upright with the other. After placing a few other things in the bucket, Ted picked it up by its handle and started to climb the ladder.
When he reached the first landing, he slowly and carefully raised the ladder. This time there was no horrible screeching. Ted ascended the rest of the stairs to the roof. When he reached the top, he carefully peeked over the edge of the roof in the direction of the bank building. From this vantage point, with the whole roof between him and the street, he could see nothing of the bank at all. He climbed over the concrete facade and dropped softly onto the flat roof. Keeping his head low, Ted crept across the roof and peeked over the front facade and across Main Street. He could see the whole broad, gravel expanse of the bank's roof. There was nothing to be seen. He glanced at his Rolex.
“A little more than an hour to go. Nothing to do now, but wait.” Ted settled down to sit on the roof with his back against the wall.
Ted fished out the scrap of paper and added a few lines to his note, before folding it and stuffing it back in his pocket. After completing his secretarial duties, he enjoyed a leisurely breakfast of Pop Tarts and instant coffee from his Thermos. The sun was now up above the wall on the opposite side of the roof. Ted could feel its warmth on his face and hands, taking the chill off of the early fall morning.
A gang of English sparrows had landed on the edge of the wall to chatter and stare at this unusual sight. After all, it wasn't every day that you found a boy sitting on a roof eating something that generated so many interesting crumbs! Boys are supposed to stand, motionless, in back alleys and stare blankly at the side of a dumpster or something. Usually they aren't interesting at all, unlike this boy.
Ted threw the crusts from the Pop Tarts to his audience in an effort to buy their silence. It didn't work. After about a half hour of relative peace, behind him, Ted heard the steel door on the bank roof bang open and the crunching of shoes on gravel. He could hear voices, but they were too indistinct for him to understand anything that was being said.
“Just as I suspected! I never thought for a minute you were planning on meeting me at the door.”
A few more minutes passed before Ted heard other footsteps retreating into the distance. He turned around to face the wall and cautiously eased himself up to take a peek over. He was just in time to see Lilith disappearing back through the doorway into the stairway from the roof. The hydraulic closing mechanism on the heavy steel door swung it slowly shut behind her. Ted looked around to his right. Joe was seated on a chair in the northeast corner of the bank's roof, facing down Main Street in the direction of Ted's house. He leaned on the wall in front of him, peering through a pair of binoculars at the stretch of street heading downtown.
“So far, so good. You think I'm stupid enough to come waltzing right down the middle of Main Street and right into your trap? Just keep thinking that.”
Ted had been counting on that. His whole plan hinged on it in fact. Joe also seemed to have a plan that was set in stone. He was so focused on watching the approach to the north, that he never looked around to find that Ted wasn't coming.
“Well, I'm glad to see you think I'm a total idiot. That should make my work a little bit easier.”
Ted noticed, to his surprise, that Joe had managed to find a rifle somewhere since their last encounter. Ted recognized its type immediately. It was an old British Lee Enfield that had been modified in the usual fashion, by cutting off the forward half of the military-issue stock to create an improvised hunting rifle. (Young veterans, returning from World War II, made many of these creations in the middle of the last century. It was a cheap and easy way to make a rifle suitable for hunting deer, a very popular pastime in the autumn woods in Pennsylvania.) It wasn't particularly elegant, but it was a good, effective rifle. The same could be said of the thirty-caliber cartridge it fired. At this range, just across the street, its effect would be devastating. Ted had no way of knowing how much ammo Joe had. If everything went according to plan, however, he wouldn't have to find out.
Suddenly, the steel door on the roof banged open again. Ted dropped down momentarily to avoid being seen. When he dared to peek over the wall again, Lilith was standing next to Joe, engaged in what appeared to be a rather heated conversation. Neither Joe nor Lilith ever looked in his direction.
Sitting in the gravel on the roof, next to Lilith and with her back leaned against the wall was Melody. Ted's heart leapt. He hadn't allowed himself to believe that she was anything but okay, but now that he could see her, his confidence in his plan began to grow. Melody was facing in Ted's direction and as soon as he spotted her, their eyes met. Melody's eyes lit up, but there was no other reaction on her face. She made absolutely no indication that anything was out of the ordinary. There was duct tape over her mouth and her hands were tied in front of her.
The conversation between Joe and Lilith was obviously not going well. Ted was still unable to make out what was being said, but Lilith was waving her hands now and pointing her finger in Joe's face. For his part, Joe never even glanced in Lilith's direction. He never took the binos away from his eyes or stopped scanning the street. It was a blatant display of indifference to Lilith's argument. Finally, in apparent disgust, Lilith stormed back off the roof, slamming the door behind her.
Ted glanced at his watch again. Still only 8:30. It was probably as good a time as any to set his plan in motion. He wasn't really confident that he could pull this thing off, but he had no choice.
Ted poured the rest of the contents of his big Thermos into the bottom of the bucket and set it on top of the low wall that faced the street. Carefully, he climbed up on the wall and crouched next to the bucket. He pulled the GPS out of his pocket and slid it out of its blue microfiber pouch. He removed the battery cover from the back of the unit and let the instrument dangle on its lanyard from his index finger. Slowly, Ted stood up, suspending the GPS unit over the bucket. He closed his eyes and took several slow, deep, breaths. When the pounding in his chest and his trembling hands had slowed a bit, he opened his eyes. Joe was still intently scanning the street to the north. Ted screwed up his courage and let out his loudest “Ahem!”

At the sound, Joe grabbed his rifle and spun around. “Damn! I let the little shit sneak up on me.”
The kid was standing on the edge of the roof of the building across the street. Joe immediately recognized his GPS hanging from one of Ted's fingers over a bucket. Joe could make out, through the translucent white plastic of the bucket, a dark colored liquid in the bottom of it. He could see wisps of vapor rising up from the bucket in the cool morning air.

“Hey, kid.” Joe was trying hard to look unsurprised. “I didn't notice you there.”
“Yeah, that was the plan.”
This was the first time that Ted had gotten a really good look at Joe. He wasn't a very big guy, but he had a dangerous look about him. He seemed very fit and had a certain poise that suggested he was ready for anything. Even now, after Ted had gotten the drop on him, Joe seemed calm and relaxed. His hair was tightly cropped in military style and Ted could see he was wearing combat boots under his jeans.
“Don't tell me that you don't trust me?”
Joe was trying to speak calmly, in what he must have thought was a soothing tone. The effect it had on Ted was anything but soothing. In fact, it gave Ted the creeps.
“Should I?”
“Sure. I'm an honest person.”
“Uh huh. And I suppose you were just up here catching a little sun?”
“Well... It is a beautiful morning, kid.” Joe couldn't suppress a rather evil grin.
“And with a rifle?”
“The world's a dangerous place,  Can't be too careful nowadays.”
“I couldn’t agree more. Let's just say I was being careful too.”
“Okay, kid, it’s obviously time to cut to the chase. What's the name of this game?” Joe was starting to look a little agitated.
“It's no game Joe let me assure you,” Ted called back. “Before you do anything stupid, let me explain the situation to you.”
“All right, kid. Explain away,” Joe called back, tightening the grip on his rifle.
Ted twisted the lanyard between his fingers to expose the open back of the GPS to Joe's view. “I'd like you to take notice of the fact that I have removed the waterproof cover from the back of the GPS.”
“And?”
“Do you want to guess what's in the bucket?”
“Not really, but I'll give it a shot anyway. Looks like...” Joe shrugged dismissively. “coffee?”
“Maaaaa!” Ted did an impression of a penalty buzzer, lowering the GPS just inside the rim of the bucket. “Nope. What we have here is industrial strength drain opener. Hydrochloric acid mostly, I think. If I let go of this lanyard, there won't be anything left of this GPS except the plastic case.”
Joe was getting pretty concerned and anxious. “Careful boy! Don't do anything you can't undo. That GPS is the key to something bigger than all of us! You can't imagine how important that is!”
Ted was enjoying watching Joe squirm a little. “I can promise you that it's a lot more important to you than it is to me. I don't really need this thing at all and I don't need the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow either. The only thing I need is for you to let Melody go. As soon as you do that, you can have your package and we can go our separate ways.”
“I'm starting to think I should just shoot you now and get it over with,” Joe replied.
“You know you can't do that. You hurt Melody and the GPS ends up in the bottom of the bucket. And if you shoot me, the same thing will happen.”
“Well, it certainly looks like you've got me over a barrel. You've obviously thought this out pretty well, so why don’t you go ahead, and tell me what happens next?” Joe asked.
“Well, first of all, you're going to start by putting down that rifle somewhere I can see it. And I know you've got a handgun. Set that on the edge of the roof also. How's that for a start?”
“It looks like I don't have much of a choice,” Joe called back, setting the rifle on the ledge. Then he drew his revolver.
“Open the cylinder and dump the cartridges,” Ted ordered. 
Joe hit the cylinder release on the revolver and ejected one single cartridge. Then he set the gun on the ledge.
“Oh, I guess I should have said cartridge.”
“Don’t worry about it. How were you to know?” Joe responded. “Anyway, it doesn't really matter. We won't need guns to settle our business. We're going to be civilized and businesslike. Right kid?”
“That all depends on you Joe,” Ted said. “Now, you're going downstairs and out on the street with Melody. I'm going to sit right here dangling the GPS over this bucket until I can see you in place.”
Joe reached down and grabbed Melody around her upper arm. “On your feet Sugar Plum!”
“Be nice!” Ted yelled. “I'm deducting points for unsportsmanlike conduct.”
Joe turned toward Ted raising his eyebrows. “Oh, there's a point system now, is there?”
“For you there is. I make the rules and I'm making them up as I go along,” Ted gestured toward the door in the middle of the bank roof. “Now, hurry along. The sooner you get out on the street, the sooner you get your package.”
Joe responded with something inaudible, but Ted was pretty sure it wasn't very civilized. Taking a firm grip on Melody's arm, Joe dragged her toward the stairway that led into the bank. The two of them disappeared through the doorway, into the gloom. The steel door swung slowly shut and latched behind them. 
Ted waited for a few more minutes, watching the front of the bank building. He was just starting to become nervous, wondering whether Joe had some sort of trick up his sleeve, when he heard the lock turning in the front door of the bank. The door swung open a bit and Melody was shoved, stumbling, out onto the sidewalk. She walked briskly across the sidewalk in Ted's direction, but just as she reached the curb, Joe lurched out of the doorway and caught Melody by the elbow.
“Not so fast sweetheart!” Joe exclaimed. “Your little boyfriend and I have some business to conduct before you're free to go.”
Melody flashed a glare at Joe that could have melted glass and tried to yell something through the duct tape that covered her mouth.
“You know what Teddy?” Joe yelled up from the street. “Duct tape makes this little lady much more tolerable to be around. You might want to consider leaving it on when you get her back.”
“I'll take that under advisement,” Ted replied. “I don't think it would go over too well though. So, anyway, you two can just stay right there. Where’s Lilith?”
“She's sitting in the lobby sulking. Apparently I'm a real bastard and now I'm getting the silent treatment,” Joe replied.
“Why don't I find that hard to believe? Anyway, you're going to have to break her out of her funk and get her out onto the sidewalk. I want to be able to keep an eye on everybody. I don't want to run into any surprises.”
“You're getting to be a real pain in the ass. You know that kid?” Joe replied, turning and dragging Melody back into the bank. A few moments later, Joe emerged again. This time he was dragging Melody and Lilith. Neither of them looked too happy about it.
“Okay!” Ted yelled. “Now... Nobody move! I'll be down in a minute!” Ted disappeared behind the edge of the roof. A split second later, he popped back out. He pointed his finger at Joe. “I'm trusting you now! Don't disappoint me!” 
Ted pulled his head back in and turned back towards the fire escape. He sank down to lean against the wall, trying to regain his composure. The butterflies in his stomach were ready to bust right through and fly away. He really felt as though he might puke. Everything had gone according to his plan so far, but it was at this point that things would get really interesting. Ted pulled his asthma inhaler out of his pocket and stared at it for a moment.

“I really hope I don't need you now.”
“Oh that's just great! You've progressed from talking to yourself, to now talking to inanimate objects?”

Ted’s butterflies seemed to have decided to stay a while longer and he knew that Joe would be getting suspicious soon. It was time to move. Ted pulled himself together as best he could, jumped up and headed for the fire escape. Half running and half sliding, he went down as quickly as possible, trying not to break his neck.
When Ted hit the bottom of the ladder he raced for the street, pausing only briefly at his pack. There, he pulled out a roll of white medical tape and tore a piece off with his teeth. He taped the note and a small folding knife from his pocket to the back of his right hand. Standing up, he took a moment to take in his surroundings. The sun was well up now and it was starting to get warm. The zombies should be at the top of their game right now, but how good was that? They were all in a state of decline. None of them had fed in a long time. Would they be up to the task?

“They will definitely be hungry.”
Ted eyed the pack for a moment more, considering a change of action. It could be so easy... 
“I’m pretty sure he’s unarmed now. I could just shoot him from cover and be done with it.”
“Yeah? And what if you miss, Powers? Maybe Joe snaps Melody’s neck?”
“Yeah, you’re right. We’ll stick to the plan.”
“Both of us?”
“Give it a rest.”

Ted cinched the pack's drawstring without tying it and pulled the flap back over the top. He turned and headed for the street. Reaching the front of the building, he peeked around the corner, not knowing what to expect. Joe was still standing exactly where he Ted had seen him last. Lilith and Melody were both standing a bit in front of him. Lilith was between Ted and Joe and Melody was blocking Joe from the other corner of the building.
Ted mustered all the courage he had left and spoke up. “Nice thinking Joe! Using women as human shields! Who says chivalry is dead?”
“One can't be too careful nowadays kid!”
“Yeah, you keep telling me that.”
“What took you so long anyway? I'm starting to get a bit nervous standing out in the open this long.”
Ted's mind raced. Then, in a moment of inspiration, he stepped out onto the sidewalk affecting a slight limp. “Sorry to keep you waiting, Joe. I slipped coming down the fire escape and twisted my ankle a little. Don't worry about me though. I don't think it's sprained.” Ted thought this a very clever “twist” to his plan. 
“Well shit! As long as you’re not really hurt, kid. Just take your time. I’m sure I’ve got all day.”
Ted ignored Joe’s sarcasm. “And also, you don't have to worry about being in the open here, Joe. We're right at the crossroads of the two main streets in town. They had roadblocks set up here for a while and a pretty good security presence. Most of the loiterers were cleared out of this end of town a long time ago.”
That statement wasn't entirely true, but it could work to his advantage. Ted's only real concern was keeping Melody safe. He didn't really want to see anything happen to Lilith either. She was more than partly responsible for this mess, but Ted couldn’t help feeling sympathetic to her situation. 
“So, what do you say we get down to business?” Ted called across the street.
“I’m just waiting on you kid. I thought you were calling the shots?”
“All right. First of all, Take that tape off of Melody's mouth!”
“Okey dokey!” Joe turned towards Melody and with a quick jerk, ripped the duct tape from her face.
“Ow! Asshole!” Melody screamed at the top of her lungs.
Joe showed Melody the back of his hand and reared back as if to deal her a blow across the face.
“Joe!” Ted yelled. “Focus! Swallow your pride a little and don't make this thing go badly!”
Joe gritted his teeth and then let out a long sigh. He seemed to relax, just a bit, and let his hand drop to his side. Slowly, he turned back towards Ted with fire in his eyes. Ted could see that Joe was skating on the edge. He was very dangerous now and Ted knew that he had to keep the conversation moving.
“Melody!” Ted called. “Do you know if Joe is armed?”
“The only guns I’ve seen him with, were the ones you made him leave on the roof,” Melody called back. “I don't think he has anything else. I missed you too by the way!”
Ted smiled. “Joe, do me one more favor please. Lift the bottom of your shirt a bit and turn around. I want to see that you're unarmed.”

Joe gritted his teeth. He didn't know how much more of the little bastard's insolence he could stomach. Nevertheless, he did as Ted asked.

“Now I want you to do the same,” Joe called across the street.
“Naturally,” Ted replied. He lifted his shirt and, keeping the back of his right hand facing away from Joe, he turned around slowly. “I'm satisfied, how 'bout you?”
“Yeah, kid, I guess so. Now what?”
“We're going to meet in the middle of the street and make the switch,” Ted replied. He hooked the drawstring on the blue microfiber pouch in his pocket, pulling it out and letting it dangle enticingly.
“And the notebook?” Joe asked.
“Burned it,” Ted lied. “What would you want with that anyway? It was just filled with a bunch of scientific mumbo jumbo. What you want is in this GPS.”
“That's not what we agreed on! It's the whole package or nothing,” Joe yelled. “Without the notebook, the GPS is useless.”
“What agreement are you talking about Joe? I didn't sign any contract. Are you telling me you don't want the GPS now?”

Joe was getting furious. He didn't believe for a minute that the kid had burned the notebook. Why would he do that? Anyway, there was no point in arguing about it now. He just needed to get close enough to get his hands on the kid and the GPS. Once he had killed both of these extortionists, he'd have all the time in the world to find the notebook. It had to be stashed in the kid's house.

“No, that's not what I'm saying at all. I'll take the GPS in exchange for your girlfriend,” Joe replied. “So how do you want to do this? You seem to have it all planned out.”
“Send Melody across by herself and I'll bring you the GPS,” Ted called.
“You can't be serious. How stupid do you think I am?” Joe replied.
“Well, you can't blame me for trying!” Ted called back. “How 'bout this? You keep Melody in front of you and I'll hold the GPS out at arm's length in front of me and we'll make the exchange simultaneously?”
“Okay, that sounds reasonable,” Joe replied. He couldn't believe that the kid was going to give him such a good opportunity.
“Okay, let's do it.”
It was time for Ted to put his plan into action. It was based on a course of action his father had instructed him to take if he was ever mugged. The key to the strategy is to keep your money in a metal clip. When you pull the clip from your pocket, you throw the money as far as you can in one direction and run in the opposite direction as fast as you can, yelling your head off. Given a choice between a thrown money clip and a screaming victim, a mugger will always choose the money clip. The twist in Ted's plan was that he would be throwing the money for Melody. The scariest part, for Ted, was that he would be playing the part of the money clip!
The butterflies in Ted’s stomach were really trying to break out now. Could he manage to pull this off? Only time would tell. Remembering to keep up the fake limp, he stepped out into the street holding the GPS out in front of him.
Shoving Melody ahead of him, Joe started walking towards Ted. Luckily for Ted, Joe had tied Melody's hands in front of her. If they had been tied in back, Ted would have had to ask Joe to free them. This would certainly have raised red flags. Joe was already on edge. Luckily, there was no reason to make things worse.
Ted continued to walk slowly forward. As he got closer, he could see the fear in Melody's eyes. He was trying to look confident, but the butterflies were now threatening to tear him apart. He stared directly into Melody's eyes with the most reassuring look he could muster.
When they were only a couple of steps apart, Melody reached out her bound hands toward Ted's outstretched right hand. Still holding the GPS with his left hand, he grasped Melody's right hand. At the same time, Joe was reaching for the dangling GPS. As soon as he had a firm grasp on Melody's hand, Ted snatched the GPS back out of Joe's reach.
Joe yanked back on Melody's shoulder, breaking Ted's grasp on her hand. Ted had known that this would happen, but he had already achieved his goal. Using the drawstring on the GPS pouch, Ted deftly flipped the unit into his palm and pocketed it quickly. Without warning, he turned to his left and bolted down the street.

Chapter Seventeen
Population Control

It didn't take Melody long to figure out what was happening. Before Joe could regain his composure, she struggled free of his grasp and ran as fast as she could with bound hands. She ran in the direction opposite to that which Ted had taken. She could hear nothing behind her. As far as she could tell, Joe didn't seem to be following.

Now, one would think that Joe should have seen the double cross coming. He had seriously underestimated Ted's capacity for strategic thinking. Now, he seemed to be momentarily incapable of processing what had just happened. He stood, frozen in place, glancing first one way and then the other, apparently unable to decide which of the kids to go after. He was well aware that Ted was baiting him and given the kid's performance thus far, he probably had a well-laid trap waiting for Joe. 
On the other hand, trying to catch Melody again would probably just be a waste of time. Capturing her to ransom had only gotten him into the position he was in now, standing in the middle of the street, dumbfounded, with nothing to show for it. No, this time he'd go after the GPS directly. Joe turned in the direction Ted had gone and sprinted after him.

Melody slowed as she approached the end of the block and glanced over her shoulder to see what Joe was doing. She could still see Ted disappearing into the distance with Joe now in pursuit. She slowed and came to a stop. As Joe had yanked her back away from Ted, Ted had scraped some things that were taped to the back of his hand into hers. She looked down now to see what they were. Attached to a piece of white medical tape were a small knife and a folded piece of paper. Melody unfolded the scrap of paper to find a note from Ted. 

If you're reading this, then my plan worked. SO FAR! Behind the building I was on top of, I have stashed my pack. It is near the fire escape. Inside is everything you will need to get back to the house. Good Luck!

Melody snapped the knife open to cut the ropes that were binding her hands. The knife was sharp, but small and she was having a hard time cutting her bonds. Just then, Melody heard Lilith's voice over her shoulder.
“Here, give me that knife,” Lilith said.
Melody spun around, holding the knife out in front of her, ready to fight. “Or what Lilith? You're going to take it from me? You just don't know when to give up do you?”
“Whoa! Melody, Relax. I just wanted to help you cut those ropes. Look, I know I can't make up for all that I’ve done, but at least let me help you now. I owe you that much.”
“Why now?” Melody asked. “Why the sudden change of heart?”
“I wouldn't call it a change of heart, so much as a change of circumstances,” Lilith replied. “This has gone on for too long. Do you think this has been a lot of fun for me? Traveling with Joe and helping him do what he does? The only reason I've stuck with him this long is because it seemed like the best way to stay alive.” 
“Well congratulations then! Your plan seems to have worked.” Melody nodded dismissively. “Thanks, but I think I can take care of myself.”
“I know you can,” Lilith replied. “But why don't you let me help you, just this once? Hmm? Then I'm going to grab my stuff and take off. Your friend, Ted, told me yesterday not to bet on Joe and I didn't take his advice. Now, I think he just might pull off whatever it is he’s trying to do. Even if Joe does come back, I don't think I want to be here when he does. You know what he'll be like.”
“I do.”
Melody stared skeptically at Lilith for a moment more. Cautiously, she turned the knife around and handed it to Lilith, handle first. Lilith quickly cut the rope binding Melody's hands. As Melody rubbed her wrists to get her circulation going again, Lilith folded the knife and offered it back to her.
Melody took the knife back. “Thanks... really. Look, I know you haven't exactly had it easy either.”
“I've given you every reason not to trust me,” Lilith replied. “But you'd better get going now. I'm going to also. Good luck.”
“Good luck to you as well. You'd better put some distance between yourself and this place,” Melody replied. “I’ll try to make sure that we keep Joe occupied for as long as possible.”
“Yeah.” Lilith looked down at the ground. “Your friend's a pretty smart kid. I hope he um... I hope he makes it.”
Melody smiled and nodded. “He will.”
The two had wandered back to the bank as they were talking, and now Melody turned and crossed the street. As she reached the alleyway where Ted had stashed the pack, Melody turned to look one last time at Lilith. Suddenly and without warning, she caught a flash of movement behind Lilith. What had once been a young man was rounding the corner of the bank building at a flat run and closing on Lilith quickly.
“Damn! We were out in the open for too long!” The thought flashed through Melody's mind.
Didn't Lilith hear him? Melody tried to call a warning, but it was too late. The zombie was on Lilith in a flash, leaping on her back and sinking its teeth into the side of her neck. She let out a gurgling scream and collapsed under the monster's weight. Melody could do nothing but watch in horror.
Unable to help and not wanting to see any more, Melody turned and ran down the alley to find Ted's pack. If Lilith hadn't been killed outright, she would be terminally infected. Melody located the pack stashed behind the building's air conditioning compressors. Opening it to look inside, she found another folded paper with a more detailed note from Ted.

So, you survived. Congratulations Witch!
I tried to pack everything you might need to get back to the house. I know that you are familiar with the AK rifle. I've packed several fully loaded magazines. You should have plenty of ammo.
I also included some of my homemade goodies. They should be helpful as well.
I think Mr. Powers' neighborhood has outlived its usefulness. It's time to ring the dinner bell and wake up the neighbors. Send everyone home if you can.
I’ll try not to be too long.
Teddy

On top of the pack's contents, just under where the note had been, was Ted's father's Colt. Melody recognized it immediately. The pistol lay in an open top holster that hung from a ratty old green canvas military pistol belt. She had rarely ever seen Ted without the pistol dangling at his hip. Now he had entrusted it to her.
Melody pulled the pistol from the pack and tried to sling the belt around her waist. As was to be expected, it was too big. There was simply no time for monkeying around with adjusting belts. She pulled the pistol from the holster and, after checking the safety lever, shoved it into the waist of her pants just behind her right hip. That would have to do.
Melody dug further down in the pack. In it, she did find a Chinese AKS rifle with the stock folded. She also found a shoulder pouch with four magazines in it and one loose mag as well. Melody extended the rifle's stock and slapped the spare magazine into the mag well. She retracted the bolt and let it fly forward, slamming a round home into the chamber. Melody left the safety lever in the down position, ready for action. Setting the rifle aside, she slung the mag pouch across her chest and turned her attention back to the pack.
Still further down in the pack, Melody found Ted's “home-made goodies.” These were nothing more than pipe bombs made from heavy, galvanized, steel water pipe. They were filled with a heavy charge of black powder and primed with a short section of green cannon fuse. Ted had told her that he experimented with the fuse to determine how fast it burned. These bombs were pretty well timed to explode ten seconds after the fuse was lit. In Ted's pack were four of these devices and a Zippo lighter. Hastily, Melody stuffed the bombs in various pockets. She then flipped the lighter's lid open and hit the striker with her thumb to make sure it had fuel. The Zippo came to life with a bright yellow flame. Melody snapped the lid closed and tucked the lighter in the watch pocket of her jeans.
Melody abandoned the empty pack behind the air conditioners and grabbing her rifle, headed back out to the street. She had seen a lot in the past couple of years, but she wasn't prepared for what was waiting for her at the end of the alley. The carnage on the sidewalk across the street was horrific. At least there was no way that Lilith was coming back. 
“How on Earth did it eat so much in the short period I was gone?” She thought to herself.
When Melody's scent reached the zombie on the other side of the street, its head snapped up and it's eyes locked on her. This time, she was prepared for it when it came. Melody was surprised by how calm she felt in the face of such danger. She raised the rifle slowly, but deliberately. As the zombie got to its feet, she took careful aim. The thing was snarling now, obviously aware that Melody wasn't defenseless. She knew what it was going to do. The only question was: when?
Suddenly, it launched itself into motion. Melody remained calm. She had never fired this particular rifle before and she was aware of the Kalashnikov's accuracy limitations, so she waited. When the creature was almost on top of her, still aiming carefully, she squeezed off a single shot. The rifle's report, between the relatively tall, brick, buildings was deafening. Melody barely felt the sharp recoil as the semiautomatic action cycled another round into the chamber. Somehow, even over the deafening blast, Melody could clearly hear the spent cartridge case pinging off of the concrete sidewalk to her right.
The shot was perfect. The bullet caught the zombie in the throat. It was a bit lower that she had been aiming, but the effect was nothing short of spectacular. Ted hadn't loaded the magazines with standard Soviet military ammo. These were commercial hollow-point loads. The bullet expanded perfectly, nearly separating the creature's head from its body.
Melody's ears were still ringing and the acrid cloud of smoke from the burnt Russian gunpowder stung her eyes and nose. Quickly, she surveyed her surroundings for any other signs of danger. Nothing yet, but the shot was sure to attract other zombies in short order.
The scene that lay before her was really quite gruesome. In addition to Lilith's dismembered corpse, the blood spray from Melody's shot extended clear across the street and onto the sidewalk on the other side. When she crossed the street to confirm that Lilith was in fact dead, she noticed pieces of meat hanging in the boxwood shrubbery in front of the bank. She paced back to the dead zombie corpse. Forty feet! Melody looked down at the rifle in her hands and just shook her head.
The thin smile on her face faded as Melody shifted her gaze to the mangled cadaver lying on the sidewalk. Lilith hadn't been her favorite person in the world, but she hadn't deserved this fate. No one deserves to be chewed to death.
There wasn't much that Melody could do about the body now. There was simply no time. Besides, there were sure to be many more scattered around in the not-too-distant future. The rifle shot was sure to have attracted unwanted attention and there would be a lot of scent drifting on the wind. Living human scent was a strong enough zombie attractant, but the smell of blood and guts was always sure to bring the ghouls running. 
Melody surveyed her surroundings quickly. There didn't seem to be any activity in her area in the center of town, but down in the direction of the house, she could already see zombies stumbling out into the Street. As they picked up the human scent, it seemed to give them a burst of energy. Some of the zombies broke out into a flat run.
Melody had never spent this much time in the open since she'd been in town. Having generally avoided towns altogether, she was astounded by the number of zombies coming out of the woodwork. Melody realized that the first of the runners would be on top of her in moments, and she quickly looked around searching for an escape route. She thought about diving back into the bank building and locking the doors or running down the alley to the fire escape that went to the roof of the Woolworth's building. Neither of these plans was a realistic option. If there is one thing everyone should know about surviving large hordes of zombies, it is to never paint yourself into a corner. Only barricade yourself as a measure of last resort and then only with some hope of an executable exit strategy.
It seemed to Melody that her only viable course of action was to retreat up the street and stay in the open. She couldn’t see any zombies in that direction, so as long as she could stay out in front of the crowd, she should be all right.
Melody turned and ran about two blocks until she came across a house with a front porch that projected pretty far out into the sidewalk. She took refuge behind it and rested her rifle on the bottom member of the porch railing. Taking careful aim and controlling her breathing, Melody lined up the lead zombie in her sights and squeezed off a single shot. She had taken her time, and placed her shot perfectly. The creature collapsed as if it had been poleaxed, but that had little effect on its companions. They ran right over it, barely even slowing down. Melody maintained her composure and squeezed off a few more careful shots. All of her shots weren’t perfect, but the numbers of the pursuing mob started to dwindle nonetheless. Melody found that the AK's accuracy wasn't as bad as she had feared it might be. It wasn't like shooting groundhogs with her dad's varmint rifle, but it wasn’t particularly difficult either.
The zombies were getting a little too close for comfort now and Melody was forced to run on a couple of blocks more before she could take up a position similar to her last. Again, she was able to pick off a few of her pursuers, but again she had to retreat up the street to safety. Melody was starting to doubt how effective her strategy was. She had fired fifteen or twenty shots and stopped eight or nine zombies. It was becoming increasingly obvious that she would run out of ammo long before the zombies ran out of comrades. She would probably not have enough ammo to make it back to the house.
Melody could easily outdistance her pursuers in short sprints, but how long could she keep this up? The zombies were moving relatively slowly, but their pace was steady. They didn't seem to be losing any energy. She would have to come up with a new strategy. Suddenly, as she dashed up the street yet again, Melody had an epiphany. She paused at the intersection of two streets and turned to watch the zombie that was leading the pack. 
“One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi, four Mississippi, five Mississippi. Okay, got it!”
Slinging her rifle over her shoulder, Melody turned and ran another block and stopped to look back. Again, she counted off the seconds as she pulled one of Ted’s home-made explosives out of her hip pocket. It seemed as though the fastest zombies were passing one house about every second and a half. 
“What's that going to be for a ten second fuse? Seven and a half houses?” Melody figured to herself. “I'm going to have to let them get a lot closer.”
Melody turned and sprinted on another block. She fished out the Zippo lighter and dug one of Ted's special cocktails out of the cargo pocket on her pants. She stopped and turned, flicking open the lid on the lighter and striking a flame.
“Eleven... Ten... Nine... Now!” 
Melody touched the flame to the end of the fuse on the first pipe bomb. As soon as it started sizzling and popping, she dropped it at her feet. She turned and ran as fast as her legs would carry her.
Again she counted down the seconds. Just before she got to zero, Melody dove behind a parked car. She crouched there for what seemed an eternity, covering her ears with her palms. What had happened? Surely ten seconds must have passed?

KABOOM!

The blast from the explosion knocked Melody off her feet and onto her butt. The concussion was like a punch in the stomach from a heavyweight-boxing champion, knocking all of the air out of her lungs. As she struggled to get back on her feet and recover her breath, she realized she was covered in something like gravel. It took her a moment to realize that it was cubes of safety glass from the windshield of the car she had taken refuge behind. Melody scrambled forward to peek around the front of the car so she could assess the damage.
The sight that confronted her was... breathtaking. She was already shaking off the effects of the blast, but at ground zero, things were still in motion. She had timed the explosion perfectly. What she saw now, looked like nothing less than an erupting volcano of meat (If such a thing existed).
Body parts were still spinning through the air. Some of them had reached an almost unbelievable altitude. Chunks of flesh were raining down like lava onto the pavement and the cars parked along the street. She had never known that such a thing could actually exist, but there was definitely a cloud of red mist and it was drifting in her direction.
“Time to move. I don't think I want anything to do with that blood cloud.”
Melody ran on as far as her semi-collapsed lungs would allow, then stopped to look back. At a distance of a couple of hundred yards, she stood bent over at the waist, hands on her knees, trying to catch her breath as she watched things settle down again. The infectious zombie fallout slowly dissipated and the huge cloud of white smoke started to clear. Through the remaining thick white haze, she could still see a few zombies stumbling around aimlessly. They seemed to have no interest in her at all anymore. Actually, it was amazing that any of them were still intact, let alone on their feet.
“Damn Teddy! What the hell were you expecting me to blow up? And what made you think I might need four of those things?”
Cautiously, she began to walk back toward the scene of the explosion. As she got closer, Melody had the impression of walking between the rows of seats in a movie theater. The soles of her sneakers made a slight crackling sound each time she lifted a foot. The pavement was becoming decidedly tacky. For the last fifty yards or so, There seemed to be a thin film of quickly-drying zombie juice coating every surface. She tried not to touch anything or even breathe more than was absolutely necessary.
Where she had dropped the bomb, there was a crater in the road. It was about three feet across and one foot deep. There was still a thin layer of smoke lying in the bottom of the crater. The damage had to be seen to be believed. There were discorporated heads and limbs and piles of innards everywhere. The combined smell of sulfur, from the black powder and eau de abattoir was gut wrenching. There are much nastier things than meat inside a human body, and even the meat inside a zombie isn’t the freshest thing you’ll ever clap your nostrils around.
When Melody dropped the bomb, she’d been expecting something not unlike the explosion of a hand grenade. The actual effect had been more like a high-explosive artillery shell. To describe the scene in front of her now as surreal would be an understatement. Keep in mind that a person who has grown accustomed to fleeing from zombies, through a post-apocalyptic wasteland, probably has an amplified definition of surreality in comparison to our own. It takes a lot to shock Melody, but this scene had done it.

Scattered around her, were a few badly mangled zombies that were still moving. Those that were still on their feet, seemed truly shell-shocked. Even their very primitive brain functions had been completely disrupted by the blast. They didn’t seem to pose much of a threat anymore, but Melody had no idea if they would “reboot” with time or how long it might take.
Figuring that she'd done enough damage to her hearing for the time being, Melody cast around for an improvised weapon to finish off the rest of the walkers. She found a twisted piece of rusty, steel pipe on the sidewalk a few yards away. It was apparently a piece of railing that had been blown free of its mountings on the concrete steps in front of a house near the blast. She picked it up, careful to avoid broken glass and infectious goop, and set about the grisly task of dispatching the rest of these poor souls. 
When she finished, Melody sat down on the front steps of a house to regain her composure and think about what she should do next. She was well aware that there had to be other zombies in between her and home, but that blast had to have put a major dent in the town's population. It seemed to Melody that the best course of action would be to gather up her scatted belongings and head for the house.
When she had gotten herself put back together, Melody started wandering back downtown. She was mindful to keep an eye out for danger in all directions as she moved. As she was crossing the intersection with 2nd Street, Melody caught a glimpse of movement several blocks off to her right. She couldn’t be sure what it was. Two figures flashed across the street too quickly for her to make a positive identification. Their direction of movement was parallel to her own, but in the opposite direction. She decided to investigate.

Chapter Eighteen
Ambush

Ted ran up Main Street as fast as he dared. He wanted a significant head start before Joe decided to follow him, but not so significant that he might disappear from sight. If Melody ran, there would be no really good reason for Joe to follow her. Ted was quite sure Joe would come after him, but he didn't want Joe to lose sight of him.
After a few blocks, Ted still felt pretty good. He didn't want to look back. He didn't want to make it too obvious that he was expecting Joe to follow him. Ted didn't really need to look back though. He was quite sure he could hear feet, pounding on the pavement behind him.
Then, Ted heard Joe’s voice behind him. “Where do you think you're going kid?”
That confirmed Ted's suspicion. He could definitely hear Joe's footfalls now and they sounded as though they were getting closer. Joe was taller than Ted by a good five to six inches. Correspondingly, his legs were longer and, being in good shape, he seemed to be gaining on Ted effortlessly. Ted started to wonder whether this was the best plan he had ever come up with.
As Ted made the left turn onto First Avenue, his hand went instinctively to the pocket where he carried his asthma inhaler. It was reassuring to find it there, although he hoped he wouldn't need it. In fact, Ted was quite surprised to find that he wasn't winded at all. The truth was that he felt great.
Ted was starting to feel like a machine, running on a perpetual motion engine. It started to dawn on him that he really wasn't running as fast as he could. His mind seemed to have been subconsciously regulating his speed to what would have been a fast run a year or two ago. His heart wasn't pounding, his lungs weren't burning and, his legs didn't feel like rubber; he felt as though he was on a walk in the park.
In addition to the heavy footfalls, Ted could hear breathing behind him now. Joe was close and gaining. Ted expected to feel a hand on his shoulder at any moment. Joe wasn't calling after him anymore. He was conserving his energy, but his breathing sounded controlled and even. Ted decided it was time to pick up the pace a bit.
“How are you feeling Joe?” Ted called over his shoulder.
There was no response. Only that regular breathing and the pounding footsteps that told Ted all he needed to know. Joe was doing okay, but he was conserving energy.
“I've got to tell you, Joe, I'm feeling pretty tired,” Ted teased. “Tired of jogging. This was a pretty good warm-up, but I'm ready to go for a run. How 'bout you?”
Nothing.
Ted gave his legs a conscious order to pick up the pace. Mentally, he downshifted and accelerated effortlessly. A wave of euphoria washed over him. Ted felt as though he could fly. His forward velocity took over control of his run and he felt as though he could lose control at any moment. He wasn't running out of energy, he simply couldn't move his legs fast enough to give himself any more speed. Or could he? Maybe later, but now his feet barely seemed to touch the ground. One tiny misstep and he would wipe out.
Ted could hear Joe losing ground. Joe was still silent, but Ted could hear the frustration in his breathing and the irregularity of his footsteps. Ted backed off the speed a little, listening to Joe's progress. They seemed to be pretty even now. Ted was starting to get very curious about how long Joe could keep up this pace. He was starting to wonder about himself as well. He could actually feel himself burning energy but there was no pain, no fatigue.
Ted decided it was time to implement the next stage of his plan and he turned left again, this time onto Jefferson Street. His destination now was the abandoned supermarket building in the center of town. Suddenly, it occurred to him how strange it was to think of the supermarket as being abandoned. Everything in town was abandoned! This white elephant, however, had been sitting vacant for several years before the current unpleasantness started. It had been driven out by Wal-Mart, the same as many other small chains in many other small towns. Ted's destination wasn't really the store anyway, but rather what was behind it. At least he hoped it was.
Ted hacked across town, turning left then right at alternating intersections. Joe managed to stay right on his heels.
Ted was running down the alley behind the veterinarian's office. When he reached the corner of the building, he made a quick right. His intention was to cut through the parking lot of the Prudential insurance agency, but turning the corner, he came face to face with something he had forgotten: the electric gate. This was one of those gates with a slot to swipe a card. Doing so, would raise the gate which was a section of steel pipe about eight feet long. Ted didn't have a card.
The entrance apron for the parking lot was covered with loose gravel, left over from countless winters of municipal trucks spreading anti-skid on icy roads. Street sweepers cleaned up most of this gravel on a regular basis, but they couldn't turn into this parking lot, so the layer of gravel had built up over time. Usually, this wouldn't pose much of a hazard. When you are running full tilt, however, and you want to avoid running headlong into a steel pipe, gravel can be a tricky surface to stop on.
Ted hit the brakes, but it was too late. At the speed he was running, the gravel patch might as well have been a sheet of ice. He lost all traction with the pavement and went into an uncontrollable slide.
At the moment of his imminent crash, Ted's brain went into overdrive and the world seemed to slow to a crawl. He could not stop his forward momentum. The gate was too high to jump over. All that Ted could do was try to fall down backward without breaking anything. As he bent backwards at his knees and waist, he instinctively put his hand down to break the fall. He continued to slide and the subconscious mathematical equations in his head told him not to go all the way down. Ted slid completely under the gate. He only missed having his nose ripped off by a fraction of an inch. As soon as his forehead cleared the pipe, Ted started to straighten his back and legs. He became completely upright again at a flat run, never missing a beat.

“Holy crap! I couldn't do that again if I tried!” 
“Or could I?”
“Well, maybe some other time.”
“Or… Maybe not.”

Ted glanced over his shoulder long enough to see Joe vault the fence with one hand. Joe also came down running. The gate had slowed Joe down for only a moment and now he was coming up again fast.
Ted crossed the parking lot in seconds and turned onto the sidewalk that led further downtown. As he ran, he looked down at the palm of his hand. His slide on the pavement had ground gravel and bits of broken glass deep in his palm.
“We'll be picking rocks out of that for a while. I think that'll take a whole bottle of hydrogen peroxide.”
Ted could now see the parking lot of the old supermarket coming up on his left hand side. He kicked himself into high gear and bolted another block to the corner of the parking lot. When he hit the lot, he turned and made a beeline for the nearest corner of the shopping center.
As he dashed toward the building, Ted heard, off in the distance to his left, what he'd been waiting for. A single rifle shot rang out. It was the unmistakable sound of a Kalashnikov, a sharp crack punctuated by the remarkably loud clatter of the bolt's flying open then slamming shut again. All of these sounds combined, in a fraction of a second, into something resembling a single sharp shot on a snare drum. In spite of his own desperate situation, Ted couldn't help grinning.
Joe was maintaining his silent pursuit and Ted turned his attention back to his destination. Back when the supermarket had still been in operation, there were employees and customers all around the building at all times. The store manager had a reputation for hassling kids who were loitering anywhere around the building. Generally the kids just stayed away from the place, at least during business hours.
When the supermarket closed its doors for good and the company packed up and left, the surrounding area changed dramatically. The only businesses left in the strip mall had been a video store and an auto parts store. Neither business had attracted large volumes of customers and the parking lot was usually empty. The building, which had once been meticulously kept, began to exhibit an air of neglect. Drifts of litter collected in corners and the once-clean walls were soon covered with graffiti.
This was far from a bad neighborhood (There were no bad neighborhoods in Ted's town.), but kids will be kids. The main attraction of the whole building was the loading docks. This area was laid out in an “L” formation that formed an inside corner of the building. This semi-secluded area was not visible from any road and almost no one drove around the back of the building anymore. With its several ramps and sets of steps with steel railings, the loading docks became a sort of private skate park for the local slackers. It was a sheltered spot where the skaters were rarely bothered by anyone. Occasionally, the cops would drive through and send everyone home, but soon enough the kids would be back again. Ted was no skater, but he had friends from all walks of life. He'd spent more than a few hours on the docks himself back in the day.
If his plan worked, the inside corner of the loading docks would make a perfect trap. If his plan worked. He would find out soon enough. Ted sprinted on, down the side of the video store, then turned into the access alley that ran behind the other small businesses. Joe was still in pursuit, but he was flagging. Ted could hear Joe's breathing was much more ragged and he was falling back. Ted slowed down a bit to allow Joe to catch up. He wanted Joe to be right behind him when they entered the docks.
Ted ran past all the doors that opened into the back of the smaller businesses and across the back of the supermarket, to what appeared to be the end of the building. Suddenly, Ted made a hard right and disappeared behind the corner. Joe followed close behind and found himself surrounded by the loading docks.
Ted had turned the corner, looking around frantically to see how many of the skate zombies were still hanging out here. He could see only three. He made a conscious effort to not look at their faces. Some of the guys who hung out here had been friends of his.
“I guess three will have to do.”
As Ted ran through the docks, he put on a burst of speed and yelled as loud as he could. “Aaaaaah!” All three of the skate zombies were still carrying their boards with them. All three looked up simultaneously. They watched him pass by without giving any indication of pursuing him.
When Joe rounded the corner, on the other hand, it was a completely different story. The wind must have been just right, because instantly and in unison, all three boards dropped, clattering, to the ground. The three young zombies launched an attack without hesitation. Joe had no time to react and he was just too worn out. The zombies were on him in an instant.
Ted looked over his shoulder and saw the attack. His plan had worked perfectly. He ran on a bit, then turned to watch what would happen. Ted felt a little sorry for Joe, but only a little.
Most of the zombies around town were starting to look pretty worn out. In contrast, these three seemed to be almost bursting with energy. This is another interesting zombie phenomenon. Younger infected individuals seem to be more resilient. Their systems presumably run more efficiently.
It was clear to see that Joe wasn't going down without a fight, however. While these young zombies were energetic, they weren't particularly coordinated and they were having trouble getting hold of Joe. Zombies are nothing if not predictable. The typical style of zombie attack is a “grab and bite.” This attack is exactly what it sounds like. The zombie, or zombies, will just try to run you down and grapple with you; all the while, trying to bite you. This is the primary vector for the infection's spread. When only one zombie was attacking you, it could be possible to fight it off. When two or more were attacking you, your chances weren't so good. Ted had been betting on this, but he was starting to have his doubts.
Joe wasn't proving easy to grapple with. He hadn't survived so long by being an easy target. Ted knew nothing about Joe's background. He suspected that one thing Joe hadn't been, before the apocalypse, was a frisbee-toting, granola-crunching pacifist. Even after a high-speed chase of several miles, Joe was still able to put up a pretty good fight. He kept moving and slipping free of the skaters' grasps. He got several good punches in and managed finally to struggle completely free.
In his moment of freedom, Joe made a dash toward the skateboards lying on the ground. Deftly, he scooped one up and spun around to face his attackers. The board Joe had selected was a good one. It was a pintail longboard, one of the expensive custom jobs with a heavy plywood deck. Joe wielded the board like a broadsword, but the zombie skaters seemed thoroughly unimpressed. That was their mistake.
All three zombies lunged at Joe again, but one of them was a bit ahead of the other two. Ted could see that it was Jeremy Zook. Jeremy hadn't been a close friend, but Ted knew him pretty well. Of all the kids who used to hang out here, Jeremy had probably been the best student. He'd been a decent kid and was working on his Eagle Scout project when the apocalypse happened.
Joe brought the longboard down, edge first, with all of his might and connected perfectly with the top of Jeremy's head. The resulting loud “Crack!” made Ted think that perhaps the board had snapped. In fact, it was the sound of several of Jeremy's vertebrae collapsing. Jeremy folded as though he had been struck by lightning. He never even twitched.
Joe managed to bring the board back up like a shield just before the other two skaters plowed into him. Stumbling over Jeremy's corpse, all three went down in a heap. Joe was struggling to keep the zombies' teeth away from his throat. The zombies, for their part, were trying their best to sink their teeth into whatever part of Joe they could reach. With a mighty shove, Joe threw the zombies off of him and rolled in the opposite direction.
Years of skateboarding and falling off of skateboards, had left the skater zombies with better-than-average balance and motor skills. These skills are programmed into the cerebellum over a lifetime. Because the cerebellum is largely unaffected by the disease, much of these skills are retained.
Both zombies were back on their feet and coming again by the time Joe had struggled back into a kneeling position. Joe was definitely showing signs of serious fatigue and Ted was starting to feel a bit more confident again.
The nearer of the two zombies had been Chris Yeager. Chris had been Jeremy's best friend, but the two couldn't have been more dissimilar. Chris had been a nice enough kid, but he was no star pupil. Theirs had been a friendship initiated by alphabetical proximity. Ever since kindergarten, Chris and Jeremy sat next to each other in almost every class. Jeremy had helped Chris along, every step of the way. It was largely due to Jeremy's efforts that the two had remained in the same grade all the way through their educational careers.
Joe didn't even have time to think about getting to his feet before Chris was almost on top of him. Chris was a snarling blur of gnashing teeth rocketing toward Joe. Joe patiently waited until Chris was in range and then brought the board around in a devastating arc. It connected with the side of Chris's knee. With a disgusting “Pop!”, Chris's leg bent in a direction it was never meant to and he went over sideways. The zombie's head hit the concrete edge of the loading dock as it fell. As Chris lay motionless on the pavement next to Joe, Ted could see a thin stream of blood trickling from inside his ear and running down the back of his neck.
“That's never a good sign!”
After what had seemed a long period of silence, another string of rifle shots came from across town. It wasn't a frantic flurry of shots, but rather a slow and deliberate string. It was the sound of relaxed, carefully aimed, fire.
“Good girl. Take your time.”
Ted's own situation was becoming a bit more desperate. This plan was not going the way he had wanted it to at all. There was only one zombie still standing. Ted recognized it to be what remained of Jacob Hatcher. To say that Jake Hatcher wasn't the nicest kid ever, would be the understatement of the century. Jake was the stereotypical dime store hood that many people assume all skaters to be.
Jake was the product of the marriage of a heroin junkie mother and an abusive, sadistic drunk. Most of his father's rage was directed at Jake's mother, but his father was an equal opportunity abuser and Jake was certainly a target of opportunity. He quickly developed a knack for staying out of sight and often out of the house entirely. With nowhere to go, Jake would often spend the night in the woods near his house. No one ever seemed to notice that he was missing. He learned, early on, how to take care of himself. If Jake had something, anything really, you could pretty much assume that he had stolen it. Ted felt sympathy for his situation. Jake had never given him a hard time, but Ted had always avoided him like the plague. Jake was just bad news.
Ted debated what he should do. He didn't really want to get sucked into a three-way battle with a zombie and a deranged psychopath, but if Joe came out on top of this confrontation it would mean more running and fighting. Joe had a weapon now, improvised though it might be, while Ted had nothing. He looked around for something to fight with. Nothing jumped out at him as a good candidate for a weapon.
“A helpful addition to this plan might have been to sneak out here last night and stash a gun behind one of these dumpsters. Too late for that now. There's no point in kicking yourself about it. You need to figure out how to make do with what you have.”
As Ted tried desperately to amend his plan, Joe was locked in the fight of his life. Zombie Jake appeared to be a bit more cerebral than his two companions had been. He had always been a survivor. Despite all his faults, Jake was a bright kid. Even now, with his brain ravaged by the disease, he seemed to be working things out. Instead of blindly rushing in for the kill, he was circling with Joe. His subconscious was searching for an opportunity to attack. The two combatants were locked in a dance from which only one could emerge alive (or semi-alive, as the case may be).
As Joe and Jake circled one another, their feet rustled in the dry leaves that the wind had deposited in the paved area surrounded by the docks. This area had been transformed into a gladiators' arena. Jake's blank stare belied his obviously calculating manner. Joe, for his part, was obviously exhausted but he seemed to be recovering a bit. He kept the board in between Jake and himself. He held it by the trucks, horizontal, like a shield. Patiently, he waited for the attack to come.
The tension was mounting and Ted was starting to feel that he wouldn’t be able to stand it much longer. Now, he had a perfect opportunity to run and put some distance between himself and Joe. He knew, however, that if Joe came out on top of this contest he would pursue Ted and Melody to the ends of the earth to recover what he felt was his. Joe would never stop on his own. Someone would have to stop him. Maybe Jake could do it, but maybe not. Ted decided to wait and see what happened, rather than jumping into the fray.
Another string of deliberate and unhurried rifle shots came from across town.
Without taking his eyes off of his opponent, Joe finally spoke. “It sounds like your girlfriend is getting on okay.”
“It never even crossed my mind that she might not,” Ted replied. It occurred to him that it really hadn't. He only doubted his own abilities.
Joe didn't respond.
In the life and death drama that was unfolding before Ted's eyes, Jake was the obvious aggressor and Joe was on the defense. For each step that Jake took forward, Joe would take one backward, circling all the time to avoid being backed into a corner. As he cautiously outmaneuvered the zombie, he was careful to avoid stumbling over either of the other two bodies on the ground. On the third go-round, Joe narrowly avoided stepping on Chris's prostrate form. When he was only a step away from the body, he felt something close around his ankle.
Joe had completely dismissed Jeremy and Chris from the equation. Joe found himself frozen in place. He glanced down and sideways for only a split second to confirm what he already knew: Chris was not nearly as dead as he had appeared to be. That single momentary lapse in eye contact was all that it took to launch Jake into a full-on frontal attack. The zombie sprang forward with alarming speed. 
Still struggling to free himself from Chris's grasp, Joe barely had time to raise the board in a defensive position before Jake slammed into him. The force of the impact threw Joe back against the dock. With Chris's hand still clamped around his ankle, the dock was the only thing that kept him from going over backwards. In this awkward off-balance position, Joe simply didn't have the strength remaining to repel the zombie's frantic attack. Snarling and foaming at the mouth, Jake's face was only inches from his. Joe instinctively turned his head to avoid being bitten or getting any of Jake's saliva in his eyes or mouth.
Ted was starting to feel pretty confident at this turn of events. He, as well as Joe, had miscalculated. Only a few moments earlier, he had been giving even odds on Joe and Jake. Thanks to Chris's miraculous revival, Joe was now off balance with seemingly no way of recovering. Ted could see no way that Joe could survive this. Unfortunately, Joe didn't seem to share this assessment of his situation.
“Hey kid!” Joe managed to gasp out. “If I were you, I'd start running right now. I'll be finished with these two in just a moment.
“That seems just a little bit optimistic to me, Joe,” Ted replied. “Besides, I can't leave now. The suspense is killing me!”
“It's not the suspense you should be worried about.”
“Yeah, well. I think I'll stick around all the same. I don't want to miss the grand finale.”
“Okay, kid. Have it your way. Don't say I didn't warn you though.”
With one foot pinned down and both of his hands occupied in fighting off Jake’s attack, it didn't seem as though there was much Joe could do. Chris didn't seem to be able to stand up. But the zombie was inching forward by pulling on Joe's ankle. Soon it would be within biting range. If Joe wanted to get out of this predicament, he would have to do something immediately.
Bracing his shoulders against the dock for balance, Joe brought his free knee up with as much force as he could summon directly into Jake's crotch. It was a powerful blow that gave Ted pain just to watch. The knee in its groin seemed to have no effect on the zombie's attack. It hadn't slowed down at all. Joe brought his knee up swiftly again. Again there was no effect on Jake's behavior, but Jake's feet did slide back a few inches. The third time Joe brought his knee up, he missed Jake's groin. Instead, his knee went between him and Jake. While Joe tried to keep Jake at bay, he slowly worked his knee up to his chest. When he had his knee about as high as it could go, Joe kicked with all his might. Jake had a firm grasp on the longboard and wrenched it out of Joe's hands as he flew back.
In one fluid motion, after kicking Jake away from him, Joe swiftly brought his boot heel down directly on Chris Yeager's chin. Ted could literally see the zombie's jaw come off of its hinges and its head snapped around with a nauseating “crunch.” The creature's hand instantly relaxed and slid down to the pavement. Joe was free to move again.
The last remaining zombie had put a lot of effort into taking a bite out of Joe and had nothing to show for it but a useless skateboard. In a reptilian fit of rage, Jake tossed the board aside and let out a blood-curdling primal roar. It was at this moment that Ted first realized that not all zombies are created equal. Jake's aggression was not only the product of the disease. It was compounded by a deep-seated wrath developed over a lifetime of abuse. All that remained of Jacob Hatcher was a pathetic, but utterly terrifying, husk.
There was one single moment of perfect, unbroken silence as the two adversaries stared each other down. Jake was seething. It looked as though his head might literally explode. He was growling and hyperventilating, his shoulders rising and falling with each breath. Every muscle was tensed for the coming attack.
Joe was breathing hard too, but in contrast to Jake, he seemed perfectly calm and collected. Joe appeared simply to be focused on the task at hand. He didn't seem to be at all concerned about having been disarmed. He looked exhausted but still relaxed, loose and yet ready for action.
It was in this moment of suspended animation, that Ted came to another realization; it occurred to him that he just might have underestimated Joe. Perhaps fatally so. Ted was suddenly seized by the urge to just give Joe what he wanted and run away until he couldn't run any farther. He tried to shake this feeling off, but found it almost impossible to overcome. 
“No dammit! You set this plan in motion and you've got to see it through. This isn't just about you, Powers!” This attempt at self-reassurance didn’t make him feel any better.
Ted literally felt as though he could cut the tension with a knife. He was terrified to see what the outcome of this showdown might be, but the suspense was killing him. The whole world seemed to be frozen in this one perfect moment. Something had to happen to break the deafening silence. 

And then… just like that… something did happen.

The explosion shook the ground under Ted's feet. He turned his head just in time to see a plume of smoke and a column of flying debris rising above the rooftops across town.
“Now that's what I'm talking about! I hope you got pretty far from that before it blew.”
At the sound of the explosion, neither Joe nor Jake even blinked. It did, however, break the tension as well as the silence. With another primal scream, Jake launched his attack. The speed at which he lunged forward was almost unbelievable. In Ted's mind, the next couple of seconds seemed, somehow, to be progressing in fast-forward and slow-motion simultaneously.
Joe didn't brace for impact at all. He stood, still looking loose and relaxed, arms hanging at his sides, as Jake came. Just before the zombie would have been on him, Joe sidestepped. He did it so quickly that Jake had no time to react. The zombie slammed right into the concrete wall of the loading dock. It wasn't a devastating impact. Its arms absorbed most of the energy of its charge.
As swiftly as he had sidestepped, Joe swung around behind Jake. Just as swiftly, Ted lost all hope of this scenario playing out in his favor. 
Joe grabbed the zombie's left wrist and twisted its arm in an almost impossible position behind its back. There was nothing that it could do. With his right hand, Joe grabbed a hank of Jake's long greasy hair, winding it around his fingers for a good tight grip. With every remaining ounce of strength in his body, Joe shoved forward and down. The bridge of Jake's nose smashed down on the steel-reinforced edge of the loading dock, breaking most of the bones that made up his skull, in a straight line across his face.
Once would probably have been enough to get the job done, but wasn’t enough to satisfy Joe. He seemed to release all of his pent-up fury as, again and again, he pounded Jake's face into the loading dock, until it was a totally unrecognizable ball of mush. Finally, Joe seemed to run out of strength to support the now-limp corpse. He released his grip on it, and Jake’s body slumped down, piling up in a heap on the ground.
Joe collapsed against the dock, breathing heavily and sweating profusely. Ted contemplated whether this was his opportunity to deal with Joe once and for all. After what he had just seen, he was afraid to go anywhere near Joe. He was now convinced that he must have been crazy to even formulate this plan.
Without turning towards Ted or even lifting his head, Joe asked, “Why are you not running yet kid?”
The truth was that Ted was too scared to move. He stood completely paralyzed by the savagery of the scene that had just played out in front of him. He was struggling to come up with an answer to Joe's question.
Ted shrugged. “I thought I'd give you a minute to catch your breath, Joe.” He sounded about as confident as he felt.
Joe turned his head only slightly to cast a sideways glance at Ted. “That's very thoughtful of you, kid, if a bit disingenuous. If it is true though, I wouldn't make a habit of it. It's that kind of behavior that's going to get you killed. Got any more tricks up your sleeve? That one was... pretty good I’ll have to admit.”
“Thanks, but um... no, I was pretty much planning on that one working. Didn't quite go the way I had hoped.”
“No, I guess not. Well, you win some and you lose some, kid. Get used to it.” Joe considered this for a moment and then continued. “That's why I always try to have a 'Plan B'.”
“Yeah, I'm working on that.” Ted furrowed his brow. “Take as much time as you need.”
“Better work fast, kid.”
In fact, Ted had no idea what he was going to do to defeat Joe now. His mind kept flashing back to the idea of attacking Joe while he was still recovering, but after what he had just seen, Ted just didn't have the guts to do it. A quick glance at Jacob Hatcher's pulverized face only served to reinforce Ted's cowardice.
Ted could certainly start running now and easily outdistance Joe. If Joe lost him, however, he would undoubtedly backtrack to the house and wait in ambush. No, Ted must wait. Even if he didn't come up with a plan, he could just try to run Joe into the ground. Ted was starting to see that Joe's real weakness (if you could call it that) was his persistence and diligence. Joe would never quit even if it killed him. Ted had always known that only one of them could come out of this alive, but now it was really hitting home for the first time.
After what seemed an eternity, Joe finally stood up straight. He placed both hands on the small of his back, bending over backward with a loud groan. He looked exhausted, completely spent. Ted couldn't be sure if it was real or a trick.
“I hate to sound like a cliché, but I'm getting too old for this shit,” Joe began. “How you feeling kid?”
Ted's hand instinctively slid down to the pocket where he carried his inhaler. It was just where it was supposed to be. Finding it there, Ted felt a wave of new confidence wash over him.
“I'm feeling good, Joe. Fresh even. I think I'm ready to go for another run,” Ted replied. “You look pretty wiped out though. Why don't you just admit that you're whipped and call it a day?”
“Not a chance, kid. As a matter of fact, I feel my second wind coming on,” Joe said.
“Well then. I guess we'd better get going,” Ted replied.
Without another word, or any hesitation, Joe spun in Ted’s direction and charged.

Chapter Nineteen
On The Run... Again

Ted was caught only slightly off-guard by Joe's sudden charge. His reaction to the attack was so quick, that he surprised even himself. He spun around and bolted across the parking lot as fast as he had ever run. Even as he turned back out onto the street, Ted hadn't the slightest idea where he was going. His mind was racing. He knew that Joe couldn't keep up with him forever, but he had to find a way to bring this chase to a conclusive end.
Suddenly, the answer came to him. Ted couldn't imagine why he hadn't thought of it before. In a flash of what he hoped was genius, Ted turned left onto a side street and headed toward the edge of town. They would only have to travel a few blocks. Unfortunately, what waited for them could be as dangerous to Ted as it would be for Joe. Ted decided it would be better than facing Joe man to man. It was just a risk he would have to take.
Behind him, Ted could hear Joe's feet pounding the pavement. He never ceased to be amazed by Joe's stamina. Gradually their pace slowed, but Ted was careful to keep the distance between them pretty constant. He didn't want to seem like he was leading Joe into another trap. He needed Joe to believe that he was just trying to lose him.
Ted began taking a more erratic route. He made one abrupt turn after another, cutting through back alleys and yards. He hurdled fences and ducked under low-hanging tree limbs, always moderating his speed so he wouldn't get too far ahead. For his part, Joe skillfully negotiated every obstacle. He was determined to get his hands on Ted and he was committed to expending every last bit of energy he had doing so.
They were getting close now. Ted turned onto 2nd Street with Joe hot on his heels. 2nd Street ran along the edge of town, through a small industrial area of old mill buildings. Some of these buildings had been converted to storage facilities and loft apartments years ago, but most stood abandoned with broken windows and rusting doors.
Ted made a right turn at the entrance to a blind alley between two of these abandoned structures. As soon as he had rounded the corner, he put on a burst of speed. He would have to put as much distance between Joe and himself as he could in the short length of the alley. At the end of the alley, spanning the distance between the two old mill buildings, was a chain link fence with a gate in the middle. The gate was chained shut and locked, with a rusty sign hanging askew on it. The sign read: “T.P.'s Salvage Yard” and underneath that, in small print: “Premises patrolled after hours by guard dogs.”
Ted took a running jump at the chain link fence and managed to get a grip on it about halfway up. He'd never been a very fast fence climber before, but he managed to scramble up and over now, clearing the barbed wire at the top with ease. He dropped onto the gravel lot inside the gate and sprinted for the closest row of junked cars. Behind him, Ted could hear the chain link rattling as Joe began to climb it. Suddenly, the sound stopped. Ted reached the rear of a rusty old land yacht and leapt onto the trunk lid, running up the rear window and onto the roof. There he stopped and turned to see what had happened to Joe.
Joe was balanced on the top of the fence with one boot over the barbed wire and the toe of the other jammed through one of the holes in the chain links. He perched there, perfectly still, surveying his surroundings. He was obviously unsure of how to proceed.
Joe and Ted eyed each other from their respective perches, across the fifty or so yards of gravel lot that separated them.
“What are you trying to do here kid?” Joe called. “This setup smells like Plan B to me.”
“Yeah, you're probably right, Joe,” Ted called back. “The dogs should be arriving any second now. You should probably go around.”
“No, you little shit; you’re definitely up to something. You wouldn’t have stopped running if you weren’t.”
Ted shrugged. “Could be.”
With that, Ted turned and continued his mad dash across the salvage yard, now leaping from the roof of one car to another in rapid succession. Periodically, he paused to glance back at Joe to see what he would do.

Joe watched as Ted put more distance between them. The kid was slowly disappearing in the distance while he deliberated over what he should do. There was no threat that he could see, but why was Ted running on top of the cars? The kid was proving to be pretty crafty. It was hard for Joe to tell what kind of game he was playing.
“Screw it. I'm never going to catch the little turd if I keep sitting on top of this fence. I'll just have to take my chances.”
Joe swung his other leg over the barbed wire and dropped down, hanging by his arms from the top of the gate. He released his grip and dropped softly to the ground. He spun around to check his surroundings for any sign of movement. Everything was silent except for the distant banging that told him that Ted was still roof-hopping his way across the junkyard.
“Huh! Maybe it is just a bluff,” Joe muttered to himself. “I'll definitely make better progress on the ground. I'll just have to be ready to climb fast in a pinch.”
Joe started off in Ted's direction. Moving between the rows of cars as fast as he dared, Joe was on the alert for any sound that might betray an attack. As he rounded the end of a row of junkers, Joe caught a glimpse of Ted, still roof-hopping, but getting close to a low cinder block structure in the middle of the yard.

Ted had known exactly where he was going and now he was getting close to his destination. In the middle of the junkyard, the owner had built a warehouse to store his most valuable salvage items. The entire building was built from cement block on top of the concrete pad that formed the floor of the single large room. Off the front of the building, a cement block wall extended to form a sort of paddock. The wall was high enough to prevent the theft of one of the vehicles parked within and just a little too high to climb over. The end of the enclosure farthest from the building was secured with a heavy steel, rolling, automatic gate. At least it had been automatic when there was still electricity to run the motor.
As Ted neared the building, he jumped down off of a car roof. Roof-hopping was costing him time and energy and it appeared that his ruse hadn't been working anyway. He hadn't seen Joe in several minutes, which meant he was sticking to the ground, presumably for speed. Ted would have to work fast to avoid being ambushed. Creeping up to a steel door that opened into the side of the warehouse, Ted cocked his head and pressed his ear against the cool metal to listen for any movement inside. What he was listening for, was not hard to detect. It was not movement, but a very distinct breathing, no, panting and it was coming from just inside the door. Ted was utterly amazed. The dogs were still lying right where he had left them almost a year earlier!
The preceding summer, during Ted's detailed survey of the town, he had almost gotten himself killed in this very same junkyard. He had climbed the chain link fence to investigate the yard. A place like this, seemed like it could hold all sorts of treasure. Conversely, it can contain all sorts of unforeseen danger as well. Ted hadn't taken that into account. He had managed to casually stroll all the way to the center of the junkyard, completely unaware that three sets of glassy eyes were watching his every move.
They had been lying up in the shade of the wrecked cars to avoid the heat of the midday sun. When Ted was right where they wanted him, they came from three different directions at once. The attack almost seemed coordinated, organized.

A few words about zombie dogs here: unlike most other animals, dogs are susceptible to the infection. It seems odd that both Man and his oldest and closest companion species were the only animals affected by the disease. Perhaps it was a coincidence, maybe a genetic factor from millennia of co-evolution or perhaps a direct result of existing in such close proximity to each other. We may never know.
One thing is sure: zombie dogs are quite unlike human zombies. 
Dogs are, by nature, creatures of instinct. Dog brains are wonderfully simple in comparison to human brains. Presumably because they have significantly fewer higher brain functions for the infection to strip away, zombie dogs actually seem to be somewhat smarter than full-blown human zombies. Zombie dogs do exhibit all of the rabies-like symptoms of the infection, particularly extreme aggression.
Zombie dogs will attack anything that moves, except other zombie dogs. In much the same way as human zombies, they seem to be able to recognize the infection in other dogs and ignore them. Human zombies seem to be just different enough that they are fair game for zombie dogs. As a result, there was a lot of blood spilled between human and dog zombies in the early days. Between the efforts of both infected and uninfected humans, the dogs were almost completely eradicated.
Ted learned most of what he knew about zombie dogs right here in T.P.'s Salvage Yard. He had become so accustomed to his “invisibility” that the threat of zombie dogs never even occurred to him that day. While the human zombies ignored Ted's presence entirely, the canine members of the zombie fraternity afforded him no such courtesy.

Chapter Twenty
A lesson

During that first attack, more than a year earlier, Ted had managed to scramble to safety. He climbed first onto the hood and then the roof, of a wheel-less school bus. For about an hour or so, the zombie dogs circled the bus, snarling and drooling, while Ted baked in the sun up on the bus roof. He weighed all of his options carefully. The bus was parked by itself, out in the open. Somehow, he had managed to climb on top of the only vehicle in the yard that wasn't in jumping distance of another safe perch. There would be no escape without going to ground level.
From his elevated position, Ted could clearly see the chain-link fence on the far side of the yard. His heavy rucksack and his shotgun leaned against the side of a dumpster in the alley beyond. He had dumped them there to avoid hauling all of that weight over the fence. 

It was the very next day that Ted started carrying the Colt with him everywhere he went. He didn't even take a shower or visit the outhouse without his .45 within arm's reach. Now, however, up on top of that school bus, he was unarmed and totally unequipped for survival. Without water and hundreds of yards from the nearest shade tree, he knew that the August sun would roast him and he'd probably be dead from dehydration in less than 48 hours.
Zombie dogs do not, not ever, lose interest in a potential kill. They weren't going away, so Ted would have to come up with a plan. He couldn't kill the dogs, so he decided he would have to trap them.
Ted peered out over the edge of the bus's roof and down at the side door. Briefly, he toyed with the idea of swinging over the side of the bus and in through the open door, luring the dogs into the bus in the process and escaping out the emergency door in the back. The problem with that plan was that there would be no way to close the side door without being eaten alive. Also, the whole plan would depend on whether the side door or the emergency exit would open or close at all.
There were way too many “ifs” in that plan, so Ted went back to the drawing board.
Ted cast around for another trapping scenario. On the side of the large warehouse, maybe twenty yards from the front of the bus, was a steel door. He thought he could jump from the hood of the bus and make it to the door before the dogs got ahold of him, but what then? If the door were locked, he would be screwed.
Following the building off to the right, where the warehouse ended, Ted took notice of the cement block wall that extended onward to form the open-air enclosure. From his high vantage point on top of the bus, Ted could see over the wall. He could clearly see that there was a gate at the far end of the enclosure and that it was closed. If he could get over the wall, he should be quite safe inside and at least he should be able to find some shade. He wasn’t sure where he would go from there, but it would be a start anyway.
A car was parked parallel to the paddock wall, maybe five feet or so from it. The car's front bumper was the closest elevated position to Ted's current position. In actuality, “car” is probably too kind a description for the object that Ted was looking at. It was really just the rusting skeleton of what had, at one time, been an American muscle car. It was so stripped as to be almost unrecognizable. It looked like a GM product. Maybe a Chevelle or a Cutlass Supreme. Anyway, the roof was intact and if he could manage to make it up there, it should be an easy jump to the top of the wall. The only real trick would be making it to the car without becoming a chew toy.
Ted continued to study his surroundings for a while longer but, finding no viable alternatives to this latest plan, he sat down to consider his predicament. He had put himself in a rather sticky situation and had very few options. He could either go for it and maybe get eaten or sit tight and definitely turn into a sun-dried tomato. The longer he sat in the sun, the worse his chances got. In the end, there was really nothing to do but to go for it.
Ted stood up and backed up to the edge of the bus roof. Carefully moving along the edge of the roof and without taking his eyes off of the car, he found the longest diagonal path across the roof in the direction of the car. He would need to get a running start if he was going to get clear of the dogs. It was some small comfort that if he broke his legs when he hit the ground, he wouldn't have to worry about dying of dehydration.
When he had satisfied himself that he'd worked out the best trajectory, Ted crouched down. Supporting himself with both arms, he extended first one leg and then the other. Now in the prone position, with both legs hanging over the side of the bus, Ted was trying his best to give the impression that he intended to drop down to the ground on that side.
This ruse did not go unnoticed by the dogs. With both of Ted's legs dangling just out of their reach, all three dogs had assembled below, to jump and snap at his feet. The snarling from behind him reached a crescendo, as the dogs squabbled between themselves to jockey for the best position. The largest of the three dogs, some kind of Rottweiler mix, was standing on its hind legs with both front paws against the side of the bus. The dog's attention was focused on Ted's feet, waiting to grab one and drag him off of the roof. All six blood-shot eyes were riveted on the soles of Ted's sneakers.
Trying to ignore the slimy glistening sets of teeth waiting for him below, Ted stared intently at the old car. He regulated his breathing and tried to slow his pounding heart, as he focused all of his attention on his intended target.
“Okay. It's now or never, Powers!”
With a sudden, mighty shove, Ted pushed himself forward, pulling his legs back up under him and catapulting into forward motion. He pumped his legs as hard as he could for the few long strides he made, crossing the top of the bus. When he reached the edge, he pushed off with every ounce of strength he had. Now flying, suspended in midair, it occurred to Ted that he hadn't taken into account just how far the roof of a school bus is from the ground. Even without its wheels, a school bus is pretty tall!
The good thing about Ted's starting altitude was that he was about halfway to his destination when he hit the ground. He concentrated on not locking his knees. It did help a little. As he pitched forward and rolled, Ted was pretty sure that neither of his legs was broken. He scrambled to his feet as quickly as possible and ran. He resisted the urge to look back, but the sudden silence broken only by the scrabbling of claws on gravel told him that the dogs were in hot pursuit. It sounded as though they were almost on top of him already.
Ted crossed the final few yards in an instant, but so did the dogs. With his final stride, Ted jumped for the top of the front fender of the car. As his back foot left the ground, Ted could feel the sharp tips of one of the dogs' canine teeth closing around his ankle. A blast of the dog's hot breath rushed through his sock, sending a shiver up Ted's spine. Instinctively, Ted jerked his foot forward. The dog's teeth grazed roughly across his skin to snap shut on only an inch or so of empty sock. His subconscious knee-jerk reaction and the resistance to it from his tearing sock, threw Ted off balance. He managed to catch the top of the fender with his leading foot and push off to land on the car's roof. Ted teetered on the roof, arms wind milling frantically, as he tried to recover his balance.
The zombie dogs now had the car surrounded. They jumped and snapped their teeth, snarling constantly with long strings of saliva dangling from the corners of their mouths. Each dog would leap against the side of the car, back legs scrabbling for a foothold that wasn't there and fall back to the ground only to get up and repeat these futile attempts again and again. Luckily, the hood and trunk lid had been cannibalized from the car years before. One of the dogs, in an attempt to get to Ted, jumped over the front bumper and landed in the vacant engine compartment. Ted had no idea whether it would be trapped in there, because it showed interest in nothing other than climbing up the windshield to get to him. The narrow slope of slippery glass was now the only thing separating Ted from a grisly death.
Despite the unsuccessful nature of the dogs' attempts to get to him on top of the car, Ted realized it was time to move again. The cinder block wall surrounding the enclosure was double thickness with some type of fill between the two layers. As a result of this, the concrete cap on top of the wall was about two feet wide. Luckily, the owner hadn't seen fit to install razor wire on top of the wall. He probably thought that the fence around the yard and the guard dogs, would be enough security for his treasure. The top of the wall was about five feet away from, and a little bit higher than, the roof of the car. Ted could make the jump easily, but he would have to stick his landing because it was impossible to see what was immediately on the other side of the wall. He didn't want to escape the dogs, only to overshoot his landing and wind up in a dumpster full of razor blades or broken glass, or some other horrible thing. 
The danger on this side of the wall was all too obvious, however. If Ted undershot his landing, he wouldn't get a second chance. It would certainly be the end of him.
Again, Ted backed up as far as he dared. He wouldn't have enough space for a running start this time. He had room for two short steps and then he would be airborne. The dogs were still testing every angle to get on top of the car and he was starting to have a feeling that one of them might make it by dumb luck sooner or later. Ted took a deep breath and went for it. As soon as he was in the air, he knew that he had overshot his mark. It was a pretty short distance; anyone could have done it. Ted's right foot came down squarely on top of the wall, but he had too much forward velocity to stop there. His momentum carried him clear over the wall and when his left foot came down, it met nothing but thin air. Luckily, there were no particularly nasty surprises waiting for Ted on the far side of the wall. There was only a gravel lot with a few choice cars parked around the periphery. He came down on all fours, grinding gravel deep into his palms and knees and scraping his knuckles pretty badly.
Ted curled up in a fetal position on the ground and gritted his teeth against the stinging pain in his knees and hands. When the burning had subsided a bit, Ted straightened himself out and rolled onto his back. He flexed each of his limbs to check for any serious injuries and, surprisingly enough, found none. After lying on the ground a while longer to catch his breath, Ted stood up, brushing the gravel from his bloody palms and knees. 
Ted could hear the zombie dogs on the other side of the wall, still trying to get to him. There was a 55 gallon drum standing against the wall, a bit to the left of where he had jumped over. Ted went to it and climbed on top, leaning on top of the wall and peering over the other side. 
Two of the dogs were right below Ted and trying their best to climb the wall. The third dog seemed confused. It was still in the engine compartment of the old car with its front paws resting on the fender, snarling and drooling, staring in his direction. It didn't seem to be able to figure out how to get out. It seemed that he had trapped one dog already, but Ted feared if he left it in there it would find a way out at the most inopportune time.
Ted decided to see if he could coax the trapped zombie dog out of the engine compartment in another direction. Carefully, he climbed up onto the cap of the wall and stood upright. As soon as they could see more than just his head, all three zombie dogs went ballistic. Ted turned to his left and walked to the corner of the wall at the end of the paddock.
The two free dogs followed along, staying directly below Ted, waiting for any misstep that might result in a free lunch. When he turned around and headed back toward the other end of the wall, they followed him back, snarling and drooling all the while.
The dog that was trapped in the engine compartment wasn't making much headway. It wasn't able to figure out that it could turn and go back out over the front bumper. Ted was formulating an escape plan, but it required that all three of the dogs be free. When Ted ran out of wall at the front of the warehouse building, he was only slightly forward of the car's front bumper. It was just not enough to coax the dog out of its prison.
“Okay, Powers, time for a little experimentation. If your plan is going to work, you've got to consolidate these mutts.”
Ted walked back down the wall to the end of the enclosure, the dogs following along dutifully below him. At the end of the wall, Ted turned the corner to the left and stopped at the opening for the gate. He paused for a moment to evaluate the top of the gate. The massive frame was square steel tube, about three inches in cross-section. Ted could probably have tightrope-walked across it easily, but the consequences of falling off were too dire. He decided, instead, to jump down on the inside of the paddock and cross the gate on the ground. As soon as he stepped out from behind the wall in full view of the dogs, they lunged forward and hurled themselves against the gate with such force that Ted started to wonder whether it would hold.
There was something very unnerving about these dogs' behavior when they attacked. Most normal dogs, especially aggressive ones, will make and maintain eye contact with a person. Dogs have evolved over many thousands of years alongside Man. They have learned to read our body language to understand what we intend to do. A dog can almost read a person's mind by staring into their eyes. 
These dogs' bloodshot eyes never made contact with Ted's. They had no interest in what he was thinking or his intentions. It almost seemed as though the dogs were looking right through him. Eventually, Ted realized that the dogs weren’t looking through him at all. All of their eyes were focused on his throat.
The gate between Ted and the dogs was obviously strong enough to withstand the attack. Ted found himself almost hypnotized by the ferocity of the dogs' assault. He was captivated by the mindless snapping of their teeth and the endless scrabbling of their feet against the gravel lot, even though they made no headway.
Even though the dogs would never have been able to get through the heavy steel gate and despite the fact that he was terribly intrigued by their behavior, Ted found that he didn't have the nerve to linger in front of the gate for very long. It was all just too creepy. He turned and ran to the other end of the gate. In that corner of the paddock, there was a stack of wooden pallets that reached almost to the top of the wall. Ted climbed the pallets and mounted the wall again. He whistled to get the dogs' attention and in an instant they were right below him again, jumping and biting at thin air.
Ted turned to his left and led the dogs around the corner and all the way down the wall to the front of the warehouse. He and the dogs were now almost directly across the enclosure from where he had jumped over the wall. While the dogs were completely focused on his current position, Ted jumped down to the ground inside the paddock, disappearing from their view. Ted returned to the pile of pallets in the corner and climbed up just far enough to peek over the wall. Sure enough, the two dogs were still sitting there staring intently at the spot where they had last seen Ted.
Quietly, Ted climbed back down and crept across the courtyard to the front wall of the warehouse. In the middle of the warehouse wall was a large opening for a garage door. The roll-up steel door in the opening was raised up just a few inches at the bottom. Ted stooped down and hooked his fingers under the bottom edge of the door. He pulled up with all of his strength. The door didn't even budge. It couldn't be locked in this semi-open position, so he concluded that some sort of opening mechanism must control it. He really hoped it wasn't electric. If it had been, he would be in a not-much-better position than the one he'd been in on the bus roof.
Ted did seem to recall that electric garage door openers usually have some sort of mechanical release that would allow the door to be opened manually. Ted lay down on his stomach and turned his head to peer under the door. Spread across the broad expanse of the concrete floor and collected in drifts around the tires of the vehicles parked inside and in every corner, was an assortment of dried leaves and paper and other flotsam that had blown in under the door over the past months.
At the far right side of the garage door opening and just inside the door, Ted could see a loop of chain hanging down. It was almost touching the floor. Maybe that was connected to the release? He belly-crawled forward until the loop of chain was in reach. Rolling onto his right side, Ted shoved his arm through the gap under the door and grasped the chain. He gave it a pull.
Rather than releasing the door to roll up, Ted's yank on the chain caused the door to move down about an inch. It came down on his bicep, pinning his arm to the floor. Ted was amazed at how heavy a roll-up garage door could be. He seriously doubted whether he could have lifted it anyway. If he lost his grasp on the chain and it swung out of reach, he would not be able to get it back. He also might be unable to free his arm from under the door. He could already feel his fingers starting to tingle from the drop in blood pressure. He could feel panic rising from the pit of his stomach.
Ted took several deep breaths and tried to relax. If he lost his cool now, he could be trapped forever. Cradling the chain in his palm, he worked the links between his thumb and forefinger slowly moving them to the right. When he felt the chain links rising up on the far side of the loop, he hooked his thumb around the chain and raised his hand as high as he could. The chain slid against his palm until Ted couldn't raise his arm any further. He closed his eyes and took another deep breath. Grasping the chain, he pulled as hard as he could. To his relief, the door rolled up again. This time, it moved about two or three inches. Ted opened his eyes and released the breath he hadn't realized that he'd been holding.
Ted repeated his actions several more times until the door was raised enough for him to crawl underneath. He slid under the door and stood up in the semi-gloom. Venturing forward, he could clearly see that the warehouse was filled with vehicles and other salvage items. Translucent green corrugated fiberglass panels were installed in the roof to act as rudimentary skylights. The light filtering through these panels lent a sickly green cast to everything inside.
Ted had learned to be extra careful when entering a sealed building. You could never know what dangers it might hold. Slowly, he ventured farther forward, scanning the space for any movement or unusual shapes. In fact, the building was filled with unusual shapes. Slowly, his eyes adjusted to the dim light, but Ted could detect nothing that looked dangerous. He stood stock still for a few more minutes, eyes and ears scanning his surroundings for anything out of the ordinary.
When Ted had satisfied himself that no attack was imminent, he headed back to the garage door and the dangling chain. He hauled on the chain now with both hands and the door rolled up quickly, flooding the warehouse with bright sunlight. He blinked and turned from the sudden glare, to give the warehouse a better look.
The sense of order inside this building stood in stark contrast to the jumbled disorganization of the yard outside. Along three walls and parked in rows down the middle of the building was a collection of high-end classic and exotic cars in various states of disassembly. The door on the side of the building, which Ted had seen from the roof of the school bus, was hidden from view. Along the side of the building to his left, stood rows of steel shelves. Ted walked over to the shelving and cautiously peered around the end of each row. When he reached the last row of shelves, he turned right and walked along the wall until he reached the door leading out to the yard. He had been right to not make a run for this door. There was a deadbolt mounted in the door and it was locked.
Ted turned the thumb latch on the deadbolt and pushed on the door. It stayed securely closed. This was very important in order for his plan to work. Cautiously, he turned the doorknob and gave a light push and the door swung outward about a half an inch. Ted lightly pulled on the knob and the door swung back in and latched solidly. He jiggled the knob a bit while pushing and the door stayed latched. Good.
Ted took several deep breaths and turned the doorknob again. Putting his temple against the door, he pushed it open just far enough to see down the side of the building. He couldn't see any dogs. Pushing the door open a bit farther, the front of the car with the dog in the engine compartment came into view. The dog was still staring intently at the top of the wall where it had last seen Ted. Ted pulled the door shut and quietly moved back out into the enclosure in front of the building. He climbed the pile of pallets in the corner and peered over the wall to reassure himself that the other dogs were still on the opposite side of the building. They were.
Ted went back inside the warehouse and down to the side door again. Summoning all of his courage, he turned the doorknob. This time he pushed the door all the way open and stepped out into the hot sun, keeping his hand on the knob. He gave a low whistle and immediately had the zombie dog's full attention. Ted and the dog were looking at each other over the car's front bumper and grill now. From its position at the far end of the engine compartment, the dog cleared the car's grill in a single leap and came at Ted like a rocket. Ted barely had time to slip back inside and close the door behind him before the dog barreled right into the door. It continued snarling and scratching at the door for about a minute before losing interest, then everything went silent again.
Ted wanted to take a rest, but he knew he wouldn't be satisfied until he had the dogs where he wanted them. He went back outside and repeated his dog-wrangling procedure until he had all three zombie dogs gathered together. He left them at the end of the wall farthest from, but still in sight of, the door on the side of the building. Now he could take a break and he hopped down off the wall to explore a bit and make some preparations for the rest of his plan.
Returning to the warehouse, Ted began to wander up and down the rows of cars. The interior of this building was like a museum of motor vehicles. He had never before seen such an array of body shapes as those that the cars in this building exhibited. There were sleek, muscular, designs from Italy with names like Maserati and Ferrari. Italian craftsmen had hammered their sheet steel bodies over wooden forms, into shapes that could not be duplicated by machines. Even through a thick coating of dust, their paint jobs (mostly black or red) gleamed, belying their many, expensive, hand-polished layers. There were cars from other European and British makers with very conservative sheet metal and paint. Hulking American cars, many with bodies almost as outlandish as the Italian models, populated most of the rows.
Ted peered through dusty windows and tentatively opened doors to examine the cars' interiors. He marveled at the upholstery of tweed or dry, cracked leather and the polished hardwoods inside the European cars. The interiors of the classic American cars were equally impressive. They were lined with once-bright vinyl and crushed velvet upholstery. Their dashboards sported “futuristic” designs with lots of chrome and brushed aluminum.
Most of the European cars had neatly arranged instrument clusters of round, black dials with white needles and numerals. In contrast, the American cars had clusters of lights. Many had speedometers that were half as wide as the whole dashboard.
One corner of the large room was filled with dozens of tightly-parked motorcycles. They were assembled into congregations of Italian and German and British and Japanese bikes from every imaginable manufacturer. Most of the bikes sat on flat tires and many had been cannibalized for parts, but some others seemed to be intact, just waiting for someone to knock the dust off of them and stomp on the kick-starter to go for a ride.
Ted really wished he knew how to ride.
Ted had never imagined that such a collection of incredible vehicles existed so close to his home. He never ceased to be amazed at the wonders his little town held behind closed doors. He probably never would have known either if the apocalypse hadn't happened. Not exactly a silver lining, but some small compensation anyway.
Ted turned his attention to the parts department. He wandered up and down the aisles between the towering steel shelves lining one side of the building. Each shelf was stacked high with rows of multicolored plastic bins, every one with a paper label enumerating the parts contained within. There were components from every car and motorcycle manufacturer that Ted could think of.
T.P. had been a pretty ambitious man apparently. At one time, the contents of this building would have represented a huge investment, but now they were little more than worthless. The day of the internal combustion engine was in its twilight.
At the end of the last row of shelves, in the darkest corner of the building, Ted found a room. It was divided from the rest of the warehouse by two partition walls. The wall facing the front of the warehouse had a large window and a door with a sign over it that read, simply, “OFFICE.” He pressed his face up against the window, cupping his hands around his eyes. Almost no light from the garage door penetrated this far back into the warehouse. The green light from the rudimentary skylights wasn't much help either. He could make out nothing in the blackness beyond the glass.
Ted went to the door and turned the knob, cautiously. He pulled the door open, eyes and ears straining to detect the slightest disturbance. He sniffed, but could only detect the same musty smell of old grease and gasoline that permeated the rest of the warehouse. He entered the office and stood still for a few minutes, allowing his eyes to adjust to the gloom. Soon, he could make out a desk against the far wall. The desk was piled high with papers. How anyone could have worked in the tiny open space in the middle of the desk, Ted could not imagine.
Covering the entire wall to his left, Ted could see bookshelves that were completely filled with books and binders. He grabbed the top of the spine of one binder and pulled it down from the shelf. He turned toward the door to get a better look at it. Flipping it open, Ted found the binder filled with green softbound parts and service manuals for every model of Jaguar, all dated 1976. A quick check of another binder showed it to be filled with a similar collection of manuals for BMWs from 1968. Interesting to look at probably, but all useless to Ted. He carefully returned the binders to their places on the shelves.
Ted found that he could see pretty well now. On the floor in the far corner, he could make out the squat, cubic shape of a safe. The door on the safe was hanging open. Ted wasted no time in going to check it out. He squatted down in front of the safe and peered inside. On the floor of the safe was money: stacks of it! The money was all neatly bundled into packs with paper bands.
Ted grabbed several packs and went to the door to check them out. Each turned out to be a pack of $100 bills.  The paper bands around the packs were marked, in dull yellow print, “$10,000!” Ted let out a low whistle as he thumbed through one pack. All of the bills appeared to be uncirculated with consecutive serial numbers. The crisp bills made a soft buzzing sound as they zipped across his thumbnail.
The money was interesting, but completely worthless. Ted slipped a couple packs into his pocket, as a souvenir and tossed the rest on the floor. He went back to the safe. Hooking one hand around the back of the pile of money, he unceremoniously swept the rest out onto the floor. The packs slithered out over one another into a large drift. There must have been half a million dollars there. 
Again, Ted peered inside to see what other treasures the safe contained. The floor of the safe was now empty. There had been nothing there but money. The top shelf was covered with papers. On top of the paper were a few objects. One grabbed his attention immediately and his heart leapt. It had the dull gleam of polished leather formed into the shape of a pistol holster. Ted grabbed it, but was disappointed to find it empty. In frustration, he threw it across the office. Several other objects on the shelf caught his attention. They were polished metal, shining even in the darkness. He reached in and pulled them out. They were heavy, but he could tell by feel that none was a weapon. Again he went to the door to examine his discoveries.
Three of the objects were metal emblems. Their sculpted faces were filled with glass enamel in bright colors. Ted immediately recognized them as automobile hood badges. One was from a Ferrari, a bright yellow rectangle with the black silhouette of a rampant horse. Another, a black shield, overlaid with the image of a raging Spanish fighting bull, had once graced the hood of a Lamborghini. The third, a blue and white oval featuring a red trident, was from a Maserati.
Ted marveled over the beautiful craftsmanship of these badges. They had been designed to inspire; not only pride of ownership, but also envy from those who could not afford the cars they'd been attached to (probably why they'd been in the safe). He carefully slipped the badges into three separate pockets to keep them from scratching against each other.
The last object was quite a bit larger and not nearly so flat. It was a small, silver statue of a lovely young woman. The girl was bent over at the waist and seemed to be leaning into the wind. The billowing cloth that was loosely wrapped around her slim figure fluttered from her backswept arms, resembling wings. Ted recognized this statue as the hood ornament from a Rolls Royce. He'd never even seen a Rolls, but he'd seen the ornament in photos. Ted thought he'd never seen a more fitting emblem of automotive excellence.
Ted searched the rest of the office. He checked the contents of all the desk drawers and looked through all of the choice auto parts piled on top of the bookshelves. Several times he went to the door to examine and then discard, various interesting but useless items.
Beneath the window, against the wall, stood a small “dorm room” type of refrigerator. He hated opening refrigerators and he avoided this one until he had examined everything else in the office. He would have ignored it completely, but his thirst was getting the better of him. He yanked the door open, fully expecting to be hit by a wave of stench from still-rotting contents. Oftentimes, he would have to give a refrigerator door several sharp tugs to free the seal that had been cemented shut with fossilized slime that had oozed out of the inside. Much to his relief, there were no stinking piles of goo inside the fridge that had once been tuna sandwiches or slices of pizza. Inside, he could only see neatly stacked rows of soda cans and water bottles. He grabbed two bottles of water and wrenching the caps off frantically, he drank both down in a matter of seconds.
Feeling much refreshed, Ted piled the rest of the sodas and water into an empty box along with the Rolls-Royce hood ornament and a couple of other souvenirs. He carried the box outside and put it up on top of the wall, pushing it as far forward as he could without tipping it off the far side. As soon as the zombie dogs spotted movement on top of the wall and caught Ted's scent again, they went into full-blown attack mode. Their jumping and snarling brought Ted back to the reality of his situation. It was time to set up his dog trap.
Ted carried two pallets inside the warehouse and down to the side door where he planned to make his escape. Here he stood the pallets on end, completely blocking the aisle in one direction away from the door. Carefully, he braced sections of exhaust pipe against the pallets on the side that faced away from the door. He tested the pallets to ensure that they could be knocked over easily in the direction of the door but not away from it. Ted walked the route that he would have to take between the shelves. He looked for any hazards along the way. Anything sticking out from the shelves into the aisles that he might bump into or trip over could prove fatal. He would need all of his speed for the next and final, stage of his plan. He checked the bottom shelf for any gaps that a dog could squeeze through. He moved merchandise from higher shelves to the bottom to fill in any empty spaces. When he had satisfied himself that his path was as clear as possible, Ted went to the door.
“This is it, Powers. As incredible as this place is, you can't hang out here forever.”
Without giving an opportunity to second-guess himself, Ted turned the doorknob and shoved the door open. He stepped out, squinting in the bright sunshine. All three dogs sat just where he had left them, staring intently at the top of the wall. Ted put two fingers in the corners of his mouth and gave a sharp whistle. All three dogs jumped up in unison and turned to look directly at him. Without a sound, or any hesitation, they broke into a run directly at him. Ted spun around and ran into the open door, turning quickly to the left and running down the aisle between the shelving and the wall. 
At the end of the aisle, Ted paused for just a moment to look over his shoulder. All three dogs were through the door and hot on his trail. He made two quick right hand turns and sprinted up the next aisle. He didn't have to look back to know if the dogs were following him. He could hear their nails scrabbling on the smooth concrete floor as they slid around the corners and tried to gain forward momentum again to catch him. Behind him, the dogs were snarling and snapping at each other in an effort to gain the lead position in the chase.
Ted hit the end of this aisle and without looking to see if the dogs were still behind him, made two more quick right turns to head back up along the wall toward the door. He passed the dogs on the other side of the shelves just after making the second turn. It wasn't a good sign. They were right on his heels. Luckily, the rubber soles of his sneakers gave him better traction than the dogs had. He could hear them as they skidded around the turns. This caused renewed squabbling among the dogs as they plowed into each other. All of this commotion gave Ted a chance to regain a healthy lead. 
By the time the dogs had their conflict resolved, Ted had reached his makeshift pallet barricade. He never even slowed down before he hit the pallets, sending them flying. He hadn't thought about what would happen to the exhaust pipes, however, and one of them fell sideways across his path, striking him across one shin. A lightning bolt of pain shot up his leg, causing him to stumble and lose his balance. In a split second, Ted saw his whole plan falling apart. He pitched forward, coming down on all fours. A quick glance through his armpit told him that the dogs were almost on top of him. Without time to stand up, he scrambled for the door and rolled outside onto the gravel at the same time as the dogs reached the door.
Unable to reach the door with his hand, he caught the edge of it with his heel and kicked it closed. The lead dog was halfway through the doorway when the door slammed down on it. The dog gave a yelp and instinctively recoiled from the sharp blow. Ted turned as best he could and braced one foot on the door before the dogs hit it again. His leg almost gave way under the impact, but with a sudden surge of adrenaline, he managed to get the soles of both feet against the door and kicked with all his might. The kick sent the dogs flying back and the door slammed shut and latched.
As the dogs continued to pound and scratch on the door, Ted could do nothing but lie on his back in the sun trying to catch his breath and slow the pounding of his heart. Only when he had recovered a bit, did he realize that he was crying. He wasn't sure if his tears were from terror or relief, but he quickly pulled up the tail of his shirt and wiped his eyes and blew his nose. He couldn't suppress the urge to look around even though he knew there was no one there to see.
When his breathing had slowed and the pain in his shin subsided, Ted managed to get to his feet and staggered over to the wall to retrieve his box of loot. He stumbled back to the shady side of the derelict school bus and collapsed against it, sliding down to a sitting position on the gravel lot. He opened another bottle of water and drank it in a leisurely manner. No sound was coming from the other side of the warehouse door anymore.
Ted figured he had put in a full day. He stood up and gathering up his belongings, headed for home.

Chapter Twenty One
Showdown

Now, more than a year later, Ted could still hear the dogs on the other side of the door. They had gone from being his mortal enemies to, potentially, his greatest allies. Unfortunately, the dogs wouldn’t know that they were on his side now, so his timing would have to be perfect if he wanted his plan to work. He would just have to be patient.
1Ted scanned his surroundings, but could still detect no sign of Joe's presence. Ted was making no effort to conceal his whereabouts. His plan revolved around Joe spotting him first and trying to sneak up on him. Ted didn't want the attack to come from the side. It was critical that Joe would attack from behind him, so he turned to face the door and pretended to fiddle with the lock on the door.
Ted picked up a piece of wire from the ground and thrust it between the frame and door, where its latch engaged the lock plate. Then he started jiggling the doorknob, seemingly in an effort to open the door. No sooner had he begun monkeying with the door, than the sound of the dogs on the other side fell silent. He could feel the dogs' attention riveted on the door. He could almost see their pricked-up ears and semi-bared, yellowed teeth.
Even as he kept up the charade of trying to jimmy the lock on the door, Ted focused all of his attention on listening for any movement behind him. There was a shiny plastic sign on the door, declaring the presence of a monitored security system in the building. Ted kept his head angled down towards the door's locking mechanism, but his eyes were up and focused on the reflection in the plastic sign. It wasn't glossy enough to show a clear view of the yard behind him, but he should be able to detect movement in it.
The tension mounted until Ted thought he wouldn't be able to take it anymore. Doubts about how well he had planned this latest ruse started to creep into his mind and he was starting to have real trouble focusing on his pantomime. The urge to look around was almost overwhelming, but just as he felt he might succumb to temptation, Ted could see in the sign's reflection a shadow crossing behind him.
The crunching sound of a piece of broken glass being stepped on caused Ted to freeze, motionless. After what seemed a suitably long pause, he turned to face his pursuer, trying to maintain a poker face and maybe even express a little fear with his eyes. Joe was directly in front of him now. He was standing right in the middle of an open aisle between rows of junked cars and discarded appliances. He was, in fact, exactly where Ted wanted him (maybe a just bit farther away than he would have liked).
“You should have kept going, kid,” Joe said. “You didn't really think I wouldn't find you in there. Did you?”
Ted looked around furtively, apparently searching for an escape route. “Um... look... Joe-”
“No more negotiations, kid,” Joe interrupted. “Look, I'm going to level with you. If you give me the GPS without any more fuss, I'll kill you quick. If not, it's going to be slow and painful.”

Something just didn't seem right to Joe. The kid did kind of look like he was about to shit his pants, but it didn't really look like he was going to try to make a run for it. And why had he not let go of the doorknob? Ted had turned to face him, but his outstretched hand was still clamped around the knob. Suddenly, Joe recognized that he'd made a terrible mistake but it was too late to do anything about it.
Suddenly the expression on the kid’s face changed. “I agree, Joe. No more negotiations.”
Still gripping the knob firmly, the kid twisted his wrist. This time, the knob turned effortlessly. Joe understood that he had been duped, but he could do nothing. He was frozen in his tracks. His curiosity was overpowering his instinct to flee.
Ted pulled on the doorknob and the door swung smoothly outwards. The door blocked the line of sight between the him and the doorway. Joe, on the other hand, had a perfect view of the three sets of blood-shot eyes and glistening fangs just inside. As the three dogs exploded out into the daylight, Joe could see the long strings of saliva trailing from the corners of their mouths. Joe could see now just how royally he'd been screwed and his instinct to run kicked in. As he turned to flee, he caught a glimpse of Ted slipping around the door behind the dogs and into the warehouse.

Ted pulled the door shut behind him, latching it solidly. Then he turned the blind deadbolt. It would now be impossible to open the door from the outside. It took another moment or two before the smell hit him.
The stench of unspeakably filthy dogs and the byproducts thereof, was overpowering in here. Ted fought to suppress his gag reflex. He could feel the vomit rising in his throat, but puking in here would certainly not improve the air quality any. He clamped his jaw shut and swallowed hard, trying not to breathe. A glance at the floor revealed the source of the ungodly stink. It didn’t look anything like what you would expect to come out of a healthy dog, but it was even nastier (if that was possible). Without even examining the soles of his sneakers, Ted immediately knew these would be dumpster fodder as soon as he could break out a new pair at home.
With a still-churning stomach and burning lungs, Ted ran (carefully) to the front of the warehouse. Arriving at the door, he took a test sniff, but even here the smell was awful. He hauled on the chain that would roll up the garage door, letting in a rush of fresh air and sunlight. He staggered out into the paddock. Bent over at the waist, with both hands on his knees, he gasped like a goldfish on a shag carpet until the urge to vomit had completely subsided.
On the other side of the cement block wall, Ted could hear a great cacophony of snarling and howling from the dogs. He would have felt a lot more confident if there had been some human screaming mixed into the commotion. His curiosity was piqued and he just had to know what was going on out there. As soon as he had recovered enough to stand upright again, Ted crossed the paddock and climbed up to kneel on the fifty five gallon drum to take a look over the wall. His hopes sank when he took in the scene in front of him.
The dogs were gathered around the base of the school bus, jumping and snarling, just as they had been a year ago. They didn't seem any the worse for wear from sitting in a warehouse for a year. Their frantic efforts to get to Joe were no less energetic than they were when Ted had been on top of the bus. Joe spotted Ted immediately.
“I've gotta hand it to you, kid, that was a pretty slick maneuver you pulled just now.” Joe seemed to be a little out of breath also. “One would think by now that I might see shit like that coming from you, but I guess I’m not as fast a learner as I gave myself credit for.”
Ted wanted to climb up on the wall for a better view, but he decided against it. He didn't want to divert the dogs' attention away from their intended target. He wasn't even sure if he should respond to Joe's comments, but he was unable to resist.
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, Joe! It’s important to maintain a positive attitude when you’re in such a desperate situation.”
“Oh, I’m still very positive, kid. My situation would have to get a lot more desperate than this, before I started to lose hope.”
“I’m glad to hear that Joe! You keep your chin up! By the way, How’s the view from up there?”
“I've got a feeling you already know the answer to that, you little shit!” Joe answered. 
Joe might have been an asshole, but he wasn't stupid. He never ceased to amaze Ted with his intuition. If Joe had figured that Ted had been stranded on top of the school bus before, he had probably already worked out how he'd gotten out of that situation.

“So, Joe, tell me... What's the plan?” Ted asked. “Seems like you're in a bit of a pickle, huh?”
“I've already told you my plan, kid,” Joe answered. “You’ve sealed your fate now. I'm going to start with your toenails and work my way up.”
Ted frowned. “That doesn't sound very nice, Joe. I would think someone in your circumstances would display a bit more compassion.”
“If I were you, kid, I wouldn’t act so smug. When I get over there, you’ll be the one who finds himself in a desperate situation. You’ve used up every last bit of my patience with your games. I actually lied to you just now. I'm not going to take my time killing you. I'm going to do it as fast as possible just because I can't stand looking at you anymore.”
“How do you figure you're going to do that?” Ted answered.
“What? Kill you?” Joe asked.
“No. I'm pretty sure you know how to kill someone. How do you figure you're going to get over here?” Ted answered.
“Like this.”
Joe had been pacing back and forth on the roof of the bus like a caged tiger, with the dogs following along below him. Now he paused for just a second at the far end of the bus. Suddenly, he turned and made a dash for the edge of the roof. His leap from the roof took him about as far as Ted's had last year. Joe hit the ground with bent knees. Ted watched in horror as Joe expertly tucked into a roll and came back up running. The dogs weren't even close to catching him. In three more great strides, Joe hurdled first to the fender of the car and then the roof and then the top of the wall without ever breaking stride.
Ted could see Joe’s arm cocked back with his fingers clenched tightly together. Joe never took his eyes off of Ted's face as he brought his fist around in a perfectly aimed arc.
With the force of the punch and the fact that Joe's whole body was in motion, his fist flew towards Ted's face with incredible speed. No one could have avoided it. No one normal that is.
For Ted, it seemed as though the roundhouse was coming at him in slow motion. His brain kicked into overdrive. He could hear the squirting sound of the blood coursing through his veins, rushing its massive payload of adrenaline to his brain. He seemed to have all the time in the world. Snapping his head to the right, Ted could hear Joe's fist as it whooshed past his ear. The only move Ted needed to make to compensate for his dodge was a single step backward to catch his balance. Unfortunately for him, there was nothing for him to step onto.
Ted tumbled backwards off of the barrel and landed on his butt in the gravel. As he scrambled to regain his footing, it occurred to him that, once again, he had seriously underestimated Joe's abilities. Who the hell was this guy?
Joe landed on his feet in the middle of the paddock. He managed to keep his balance as he skidded to a halt just before he would have plowed into the wall. 

Despite his violent nature, Joe could be a very patient and meticulous person. Those were probably the character traits that had most benefited him in his effort to survive. Joe had the capacity, under ideal conditions, to exhibit a great deal of patience. He had learned to bide his time, like a cat at a mouse hole, waiting for just the right opportunity to strike, but Ted had exhausted every shred of patience Joe had in him. Ted was not the only one to have underestimated the other's abilities. Joe now turned to face Ted with murder in his eyes.

The adrenaline still pumped through Ted's veins. He was as sharp as a razor now, and his mind raced through various scenarios of how this situation could play out. He could climb the barrel to the top of the wall and take his chances with the dogs. That didn't seem like a very good idea. As strong and fast as he had become and despite his very quick reflexes, he still didn't think he stood a chance against three zombie dogs. He could try leading Joe on a wild chase through the warehouse and try to kill him using sabotage. That didn't seem like a very good idea either. It would probably be as dangerous for him as it would be for Joe.
After considering all of his options, Ted came to the inevitable conclusion that the time had come to stand his ground and square off against Joe, regardless of the outcome. One way or the other, this conflict would be over. He had put himself through all of this for Melody’s sake anyway and, if she had even an ounce of common sense, she would be well away from here by now. It was obvious that Joe had a certain skill set developed through specialized training. Maybe he'd been in the military or some other government service? Joe would be tough to kill, but Ted had certain advantages as well. He had abilities now that he was just starting to understand himself.

Joe could see the resolution on the kid's face. His features had hardened. He was making it pretty clear that he had no intention of backing down or giving up. Joe, however, hadn't spent years training and operating all over the world, just to let himself be defeated by a goddamned teenager. The kid was obviously not normal, but he had every intention of wringing his scrawny neck.

“Got any smart-ass comments now, kid?” Joe asked.
“Nope. Can't think of any right at the moment.”
Joe juked to the left, quickly, to test Ted's reactions. Before his foot hit the ground, Ted had already sidestepped an equal distance. Ted was pretty fast, but could he be fast enough?
“Looks like you haven't got any place to go now, Teddy boy,” Said Joe.
“No, but it doesn't really matter anyway,” Ted replied. “I'm tired of running. Besides, I can't leave you alive. If I do, it won't matter where we go. You'll just track us down again.”
Joe took a step forward to see if he could back Ted up against the wall. Ted sidestepped in response, keeping a safe distance between him and Joe.
“You're starting to learn, kid. Who's 'us' anyway? You don't honestly believe that crafty little bitch is waiting around to see what the outcome of this fight is?” Joe raised his eyebrows. “Oh… you did, didn’t you?”
“I certainly hope not, Joe.” Ted replied. “I hope she's long gone by now.”
Joe squinted one eye and cocked his head to the side. “I'm not quite sure I believe that.”
Ted wasn't too sure about it either.
Ted and Joe continued their slow dance. Joe would take a step forward or to the side and Ted would counter in the opposite direction. Joe kept up his pursuit, but Ted always managed to stay just out of reach. Ted had to rely on his reflexes. Even with his newfound strength, he would be no match for Joe in a grappling situation. The difference in size between them was just too great.
“It really doesn't matter where she is anyway,” Joe said. “What I'm after is right here with us. I've got no use for the little tramp anymore.”
“You really ought to watch your mouth, Joe,” Ted said boldly.
“Really?” Joe scoffed. “Or what?”
“Or... I'm going to have to teach you some manners.” As soon as the words escaped his lips, Ted realized how hollow and pathetic they sounded. Never before had he wished so fervently that he could take back something he'd said.
“You? Teach me something?” Joe let out a sarcastic guffaw. “That's rich!”

Joe had found the opportunity (sort of) that he’d been waiting for. As they slowly circled the paddock, he had finally backed Ted into a corner. He wasn't as far back in the corner as Joe would have liked, but it didn't seem that he would be able to push him any further. Ted's movement would be, at least somewhat, restricted. It wasn't the ideal setup, but it was the best Joe was going to get out of the slippery little weasel.
Joe waited for the perfect moment and charged. 'Perfect' might be too strong an adjective. His intention had been to get his arms around Ted and slam him into the wall. That ought to have slowed Ted down a bit, but when Joe was right on top of him and beginning to close his arms, Ted ducked and sidestepped, letting Joe pass right by him.
“Goddamn! The little shit is quick!”

As Ted passed under Joe's arm, his fist flashed out, connecting squarely with Joe's kidney. A burst of pain exploded in Joe's side, sending waves of nausea pulsing through his guts. His knees buckled and he slammed into the corner, empty-handed.
Ted danced quickly out of the way. He was just as shocked by this turn of events as Joe was (though he felt a whole lot better about it). He had no idea where the kidney punch had come from. It was almost as though he had been programmed to know exactly where and when to hit Joe. The strength of the blow is what had shocked Ted the most.
While Joe was still picking himself up and dusting himself off, Ted debated whether to attack again or not. He decided to hold off and see how things unfolded. As Joe turned to face him again, Ted could see that the look in his eyes had changed. The murder was still there, but it was tempered now by surprise and maybe… fear? No, not fear... respect.
The game had changed completely. There were no more attempts at witty banter. No more square dancing. Joe was committed; he was going in for the kill. He charged with such ferocity and rage, that Ted was taken completely by surprise. It shouldn't have surprised him and yet it did.
Joe came at him like a runaway freight train and now Ted's only instinct was to run. He turned to flee and plowed right into the barrel with his left hip. For a split second, he had allowed his situational awareness to lapse and now the pain caused him to falter for just a moment. That moment was all that Joe needed.
In an instant, Joe had his arms around Ted and the two went crashing to the ground. Ted went down hard. He was unable to raise his arms to break his fall. Joe came down even harder, right on top of him. Ted felt all of the air knocked out of his lungs and, with Joe on top of him, he could not expand his lungs at all. Ted began to panic, but was completely helpless as he lay pinned under the much larger man.

The moment that Ted was on the ground and immobilized, Joe immediately regained his composure. He pushed himself up into a kneeling position over the little twerp's prostrate form. He rolled Ted onto his back and thrust his hand into the front pocket of Ted's shorts. He felt the drawstring of the GPS pouch and, grasping it, pulled the whole unit out of Ted's pocket. Joe immediately started tugging at the pouch's drawstring.
“Well, kid, that was some chase you led me on, but in the end, it looks like you lose. So, how would you like me to-” The words froze on Joe's lips.

After dumping the contents of the GPS pouch into his palm, Joe just stared down at his hand. The look on his face was one of pure bewilderment. What he was holding was not his GPS. For that matter, it wasn't a GPS at all.  What it was, was an old (almost antique, really) cell phone. Ted could still not breathe, but a thin smile broke across his face.
“I knew I kept that old thing for a reason,” Ted finally managed to gasp out.
As quickly as Joe had regained his composure, he lost it again. Any semblance of patience that he had left was completely gone. He let out an ear-splitting roar of frustration and hurled the old phone against the cement wall to shatter into a thousand pieces. As Joe turned his attention back to his victim, Ted realized that he now knew exactly where, and when, he was going to die. Joe lunged forward, wrapping his hands around Ted's throat.
As Joe's grip around his throat tightened, Ted raised his arms and grasped Joe's forearms in a futile attempt to pull them away. It was like trying to spread the bars of a prison cell. Although Ted was stronger than he had ever been, he was simply no match for Joe. Ted thrust his feet down in an attempt to buck Joe off of him. This proved to be equally unproductive. Joe was just too heavy.
Joe was positively seething; he was hyperventilating through clenched teeth, sending flecks of foamy spittle flying into Ted’s face. As his rage mounted, Joe squeezed ever harder and Ted could feel himself starting to slip into unconsciousness. His oxygen-starved brain was starting to shut down peripheral functions. Vision was one of the first to go. Ted had heard descriptions of a person's world “going gray” when they were on the verge of death; now he could see it was true. To him it seemed more like a weak analog television signal. He saw the world through a haze of static as he felt himself slowly slipping away. Eventually, he stopped struggling at all. 
After all, it probably wasn't the worst way to go. 
Just as Ted's eyes began their slow roll over into his skull, Joe seemed to sense at last a chance of getting what he wanted and relaxed his grip a bit. Ted gasped in a great breath of air. As if by magic, his world snapped back into focus. He still had no strength, but his vision and hearing were restored immediately.
“Okay, kid. Last chance at redemption: Where… is… the… fucking GPS?” Joe hissed through clenched teeth.
“What's left of it is probably still in the bottom of that bucket of acid,” Ted wheezed.
“You're lying, you little piece of shit! Why would you destroy something so priceless?” Joe asked.
“Insurance.” Ted shrugged. “It's better that no one discovers the cure to the disease, than to have that information fall into the hands of someone like you.”
Ted knew that the roof of the Woolworth's building was the first place Joe would go when he was done throttling him, but he decided to keep up his charade anyway. Anything that might buy Melody even a few more precious minutes was worth trying.
“Truth is, I never expected to survive this, not really. This whole exercise was just to buy Melody some time.”
Joe again became an instrument of silent rage as, without another word, he clamped back down on Ted's throat.
This time, Joe was really going for it. He squeezed until Ted felt that his windpipe would collapse. It almost felt as though he'd gotten his neck caught in a bench vise. Ted continued to struggle, but he found that he had even less strength than before. The gray fog started to creep across his field of view again. He could hear a voice as though from a great distance. Joe was saying something now, but Ted couldn't quite make it out. He concentrated on Joe's voice. It's not like he had anything else to do.

“How does it feel to know you're going to die, kid?” Joe asked.
Ted didn't bother trying to answer. Joe's face was impossibly close to his now, but it looked as though he was seeing Joe through a telescope held backwards. Even through his fading vision, Ted could see a single bead of sweat hanging from the end of Joe's nose. Just as everything started fading to black, Joe put his face right next to Ted's and whispered in his ear.
“Just know... before you die... that I'm going to do things to your little girlfriend that you can't even imagine when I catch up with her. Wanna know why?”
Ted couldn't answer, but he was pretty sure he didn't want to know why.
“Just because I can.”

Some switch: a dark, primal mechanism buried deep at Ted's core: one that controlled some long-abandoned evolutionary biological function: a switch that was crusted with the genetic equivalent of rust and cobwebs, flipped. 

With a sudden surge of strength that he wouldn't have even imagined possible, Ted twisted his head towards Joe's face and lunged forward, sinking his teeth deep into his cheek. Ted felt the warm flow of blood, with its slightly metallic taste, flooding into his mouth. It was disgusting and yet, somewhere deep in his subconscious, it felt so right. Ted clamped down on Joe's face and locked his jaw.
Joe let out a cry of pain and surprise. He released his grip on Ted's throat and recoiled convulsively, tearing a large chunk of flesh out of his face. He fell on his ass in the gravel, scrambling backwards instinctively.
Ted spat out the chunk of cheek in Joe's direction. “There you go, asshole!” he thought to himself.
“Goddamn it! You little shit!” Joe screeched. “You're really trying to drag this out aren't you?”
Ted wouldn't have bothered replying, even if he could have. He knew this was the end for him. At least he had gotten in one more good shot. He would have to be satisfied with that, because now he had no strength left. He actually felt pretty calm and relaxed as he lay on his back staring up at the clouds. Ted could hear a distant voice still yelling at him and he could vaguely see, in his peripheral vision, Joe going for his throat again.
Suddenly, something sailed through Ted's field of view. It was not a cloud. It was a small, solid object silhouetted against the sky. It flashed by so fast; he couldn't really make it out. It looked like maybe a toilet plunger? No, that wasn't quite right. Maybe a metal can lashed to a piece of broom handle? Ted thought he must be hallucinating.
Any thoughts of hallucination vanished, however, as a noise reached his ears from far on the other side of the wall. It was the sound of something metallic clanging on the pavement. It sounded like a piece of... pipe!
Despite his sorry condition, Ted had the wherewithal to roll onto his side, away from the clanging and to clap his hands over his ears.

Joe had not heard the noise and was perplexed by Ted's latest defensive strategy. It was not the reaction he had expected to see from someone who was about to be strangled to death. Curling up in a fetal position kind of made sense, but why had he covered his ears?

It was at this moment that an explosion seemed to rock the whole world. The force of the blast caused Ted to think, initially, that his head had been ripped from his body. His next thought was that he had put way too much powder in those bombs. Lastly, he wondered why Melody hadn't thrown it a little further away.
The blast threw Joe off of Ted, slamming him into the concrete wall. Maybe now he would have some appreciation for how the cellphone had felt. A split-second later, he and Ted were both showered by a hail of debris, composed mostly of broken asphalt and automobile glass, as well as many other small pieces of junk.
When the worst of the junk shower seemed to be over, Ted took his hands off of his ears and rolled over on his back. He was still too spent to even think about moving. He looked over at Joe, who had stood up and was starting to knock the dust off of himself. Joe turned toward Ted. The blood streaming down from the crater in his face was now black with grime and his hair was gray with dust. 
Joe pointed his finger at Ted. “I'll deal with you in a minute! But first I need to figure out what the fuck is going on here!”
“Fine.” Ted croaked. He could barely hear his own words over the bells ringing in his ears. “I'm just going to lie here for a while.”
“What?”
Ted managed to lift one arm and make a shooing motion with his fingers.
Joe just shook his head in disgust and turned away, in the direction of the explosion. Ted watched him stagger over to the pallets stacked against the wall. Frankly, he was amazed that there even was a wall left. Joe climbed the pile of pallets to the top and crouched there, staring out into the cloud of dust. He seemed unable to make out anything in the thinning haze and he stood up, presumably to get a better look. 
As he watched Joe pull the neck of his t-shirt up over his mouth and nose to filter out some of the dust, Ted was surprised again by three loud pops. They were not nearly as loud as the first explosion, sounding as though they came from far away through the ringing in Ted's ears.
Simultaneously, three perfectly round, and precisely placed, .45 caliber holes appeared in the back of Joe's t-shirt. Without another sound or movement, Joe's hands fell to his sides and his knees buckled. Slowly, he collapsed, rolling off of the stack of pallets to land with a loud thump, face up in the gravel lot.
Ted managed to roll over and force himself up onto his hands and knees. He crawled over to Joe's body. Joe didn't seem to be breathing. Ted pressed his fingers into the side of Joe's throat, feeling for a pulse. He could detect nothing. Joe lay perfectly still with his eyes closed, looking as though he'd just lain down to take a nap on a bed of broken glass.
Ted struggled to his feet and straightened up slowly. At one point, he felt as though he would black out and leaned for a moment against the stack of pallets until his head stopped spinning. When he felt fairly steady on his feet, he walked over to the 55 gallon drum and climbed on top of it. On the other side of the wall, on the roof of the junker, stood the finest sight Ted had ever seen. 
Melody smiled with relief when she saw Ted's face appear over the wall. “Oh thank God! Are you okay?”
Ted shrugged. “Ask me again in a few minutes. I think I've been better, but I imagine I could be a lot worse.”
“I was so afraid the explosion might have killed you. I'm still trying to get used to how powerful these things are,” Melody said.
“Well… when I left those for you, I wasn't expecting you to go tossing them around like you were throwing candy off of a fire truck in a Halloween parade. I guess I should have spelled out in my note that I meant for you to use them sparingly!” Ted said.
“Then why did you give me four of them?” Melody replied.
Ted shrugged.
“You're welcome, by the way.”
“Yeah… thanks,” Ted said, unenthusiastically.
Melody and Ted stood, staring at each other for a long moment. In unison, they began smiling and then laughing.
“Is Joe dead?” Melody asked.
Ted shrugged. “He seems to be. Anyway, I don’t think anyone could take three .45s in the back and survive. Nice shooting by the way.”
“I had a good instructor.”
“If your instructor was so good, he might not have gotten himself in such a tight spot.”
Melody smiled. “What makes you think I was talking about you?”
Ted raised his eyebrows. “What makes you think I was talking about me?”
Melody looked perplexed. “What? Who else would you have been talking about?”
“I don’t know. I’m just being a smartass.”
“So what else is new?”

Amazingly, all three dogs seemed to have been unfazed by the blast and were now dividing their time equally between jumping and snapping at Ted and jumping and snapping at Melody.
“Are you going to shoot those things already?” Ted asked. “We're not going anywhere with them trying to kill us.”
Melody screwed up her face in a look of squeamishness. “I don't want to. I'll throw the gun to you and you can do it.”
“Don't throw my dad's Colt anywhere!” Ted yelled. “Besides, I don't want to shoot them either. Anyway, I've got another way of dealing with them.” 
 
Ted jumped down off the wall and disappeared into the warehouse, rolling the door shut behind him. Melody watched his dog wrangling procedure with some amusement. This time, when Ted came bolting out of the side door of the warehouse, he was still on his feet and able to slam the door with his hands. He felt very pleased with himself that the dogs had fallen for the same trick a second time, but was glad he wouldn't have to try it ever again.
“I don't know how long they will be in there this time, but I hope the next guy to open that door is a real dick,” Ted said. “Maybe I should write a warning on the door?”
“Nah,” Melody replied. “There's a warning on the gate.”

Ted and Melody started for home, walking side by side across the junkyard.
“What's in that warehouse anyway?” Melody asked. “Besides a pack of killer dogs, I mean.”
“Believe me, you don't want to know,” Ted replied. “I'm afraid if you could see the inside of that place, I'd never get you out, regardless of the killer dogs.”
“Yeah, you're probably right. Forget I even asked.”
“I already did.”

Melody smiled, reaching over and hooking Ted's pinky finger with hers. Ted noticed for the first time that it was turning into a really beautiful fall day.

Chapter Twenty Two
Epilogue

It occurs to me now that you may be expecting me to tell you a story about the long, introspective conversation that Ted and Melody had on the way home or in the days following their ordeal. Such a conversation would be filled, no doubt, with a great deal of soul searching. They would certainly have to explain to each other why each of them had done the things they had done.
I sincerely hope that it will be no great disappointment to you that such a conversation never took place. In the short time that they'd been together, the two companions had formed a bond that transcended such touchy-feely drivel. Perhaps if they'd been more “mature”, they would have spent some time psychoanalyzing themselves and their actions.
The truth is, however, that they were just two kids who were glad that everything had worked out for the best. They were glad to be together again and looking forward to the future. Had they been more “mature”, they would probably have seen that there couldn't be much of a future for them or anything else, but they weren't more mature and they didn't know any better than to be optimistic.
Thank God for small mercies.
If you think I'm just being lazy; don't worry. I'm sure you've still got a few pages coming to you.

Ted and Melody wound their way through town on the way home, retracing their steps and retrieving gear they had discarded along the way. They made short work of the few zombies they encountered. Ted had never gotten very good at being sneaky and Melody was just too tired to put forth much effort. They strode right down the middle of the streets, masters of their domain. In comparison to what they'd just been through, this was a cakewalk.
At their last stop before home, Ted climbed to the top of Woolworth's and picked up the real GPS from beside the bucket of cold coffee. Back at ground level, he packed his gear back into his rucksack and, slinging it over one shoulder, headed back down the alley away from Main Street. They had approached the building from the rear and they left the same way. Melody had told Ted about Lilith's fate and neither of them wanted to see the mess on the sidewalk in front of the bank.
Lilith had redeemed herself, a little bit, at the very end, but not so much that Ted or Melody felt obliged to give her a proper burial. They'd been through enough for one day.
At home again, it became clear that the time for inactivity was long past. The honeymoon was over, so to speak and Ted and Melody spent the next few days busying themselves around the house. They alternated between packing the things they would need for their journey and securing those that must be left behind.
Ted was filled with hope for the future, but he couldn't help harboring some sadness as he closed up the house that he'd spent most of his life in. He had grown up here and this is where he'd last seen his family. It was here that the events that left him in the situation in which he now found himself had played out. It was hard to overcome the feeling that he'd overlooked some vital clue that had been under his nose this whole time. He did his best to put the house in order, but he couldn't shake the feeling that once they left, he'd never see the place again.
As silly as it might have seemed to Melody, Ted still felt somewhat obliged to heed his father's instructions to stay put and wait for him to return. He knew that it was pointless, but it haunted him every waking minute. He could only hope the feeling would fade, once they were away from this place.

Melody, for her part, was filled with nothing but hope. She had enjoyed most of her stay in Ted's little town, but now she was ready to move on. She'd been transformed by this place, in many ways.
Before her arrival here, Melody had been little more than an empty husk, blown around indiscriminately by the winds of fate. Her only purpose in life had been life itself. If fate hadn't whisked her into that particular department store warehouse, on that particular day, she would probably still be a tumbleweed drifting across the landscape on moonless nights. For the first time in a long time, she felt like someone with a home again.
“Home” doesn't always mean a house. This house had certainly served its purpose, but now it seemed to Melody little more than a springboard from which she and Ted would launch themselves into the next stage of their journey.
Melody understood Ted's sadness at leaving this place, but she couldn't help getting annoyed when he seemed to be dragging his feet. Throughout their preparations, she put most of her energy into maintaining an upbeat attitude and trying to keep him on task.

Inevitably, even Ted started running out of things to pack away and preparations to make. The time had come to move on. The nights were growing noticeably longer and, for the first time, they noticed frost lingering on the grass in the shade of the fence when they awoke.
At the breakfast table, Melody broke the silence. “We need to pack the Kubota. I think we should leave at first light tomorrow.”
Ted considered this for a moment. He couldn't come up with a convincing argument. “There isn't any fuel. I think we're going to have to go on foot.”
“You really are an idiot.”
“What do you mean?”
“We're surrounded by fuel, moron. When the power went out, everyone's furnaces stopped working. There have got to be thousands of gallons of heating oil within a block of here.”
“And?” Ted asked incredulously.
“And... the only real difference between diesel fuel and home heating oil is some red dye. You might have been born on a farm, but you sure didn't grow up on one.”
“How so?”
“Well, if we had had to pay diesel prices to fuel our farm equipment, things would have been a lot leaner at my house. The government used to charge a lot of tax on diesel, but not on oil for heating houses. They put the dye in the heating oil to keep people from burning it in their cars and trucks. I don't think we have to worry about the legality of traveling on heating oil anymore.”
“And here I've been; walking everywhere when I could have been riding,” Ted lamented.
“Walking's good for you,” Melody nodded, smiling.
Ted took in a deep breath. “Well... I guess that's that then. A dawn departure it is.”
Ted and Melody spent the rest of the day strategically packing food and water, medical supplies and ammo, into their vehicle. Then they siphoned enough fuel oil out of the tank in the basement to fill the Kubota's fuel tank and several Gerry cans that they strapped to the front and back bumpers. After the vehicle was prepared for the road, they went down to the basement to seal up the last of their treasure.
Ted packed all of the most valuable things that they couldn't take with them into the shooting tunnel and locked the vault door. He swung the shelves back in place and reinstalled the hidden pins that would hold them there. Then he redistributed the items stored there to cover the gaps between these shelves and the adjoining sections. He even took time to carefully arrange some of the plastic bins on the floor in front of the swinging shelves to make them even less noticeable. When he was finished, he stood back to admire his work. Despite his methodical treatment of the task, the end result looked pretty haphazard. It was exactly the effect he'd been trying to achieve.
“Not too bad if I do say so myself. Probably completely pointless though.”
“Well... maybe not,” Melody replied. “Who knows what tomorrow may bring?”
“God! I hope we're not back here by tomorrow already!”
“It's just a saying, dipshit! Here, give me a hand with some of these boxes.”

Dawn broke the next morning on a beautiful autumn day. As the first rays of sunlight hit the frozen branches on the cherry tree in the back yard, the leaves started to drop with remarkable regularity, landing on the frosty grass with a soft rustling sound. The shuffling feet of the two bleary-eyed travelers making their way down the back walk to the garage generated the only other sound breaking the early-morning silence.
When they reached the squat cinder block building, Melody ducked inside immediately. Ted stopped and turned to look at the house and yard that he'd called home for as long as he could remember. Everything was still in remarkably good condition. It's an undisputed fact; a house that's lived in decays at a slower rate than one that's unoccupied. Ted's house literally stood out like a sore thumb in contrast to the neighbor's places, all of which were slowly falling apart.
Ted couldn't help wondering, one last time, if they weren't making a mistake. Should they be leaving the relative safety of this place? And with winter coming on? Maybe it would have been smarter to wait until spring? In point of fact, none of these questions going through his mind really mattered. The wheels had already been set in motion and Ted wasn't going to be the one to pull the emergency brake. He glanced back into the garage.
Melody was standing, leaning on the cab of the Kubota, watching him. She met his gaze and Ted could see an expression of understanding in her eyes, but it was tempered by a look of impatience also. It was definitely time to go. He took a last glance at the house, swigged the last of his coffee, turning to set the cup on the shelf inside the garage door.
Ted stepped into the dim interior of the garage. “Don't forget to check all your angles before you open the big door.”
“Aye-aye captain!” Melody gave a mock salute and dashed to the window.
At the end of the alley, Ted made a left turn in the direction of the highway. As they passed behind Wal-Mart, Melody glanced over at the spot where she had left the old woman. The body had been replaced neatly by a pile of freshly dug earth. A rough cross of broken lumber, lashed together with a length of grimy knitting yarn, had been driven into the ground at the head of the grave. On top of the mound, she could just make out a bunch of wilting chrysanthemums.
When Melody turned back to face Ted, she was smiling, but there were tears in her eyes. She leaned over and kissed Ted on the cheek. Ted started smiling also.
“Thank you.”
“For what?”
“You damn-well know ‘for what’. Don't ruin it by being an ass now.”
Ted kept his eyes on the road. He didn't want Melody to see them. “You're welcome.”

Ted turned right at the entrance to the parking lot. He drove through it and out to the highway. At the dysfunctional traffic light in front of the store, he stopped the vehicle and looked both ways on the highway. There was nothing to see except a collection of abandoned cars scattered along the shoulders.
“I don't think anything is coming,” Melody said sarcastically.
“Yeah, you're probably right. I would like to say that old habits die hard, but I just realized that I've never driven on a real road before.”
“Should be a piece of cake. Traffic seems pretty light.”
“It does look that way. Doesn't it?”
Ted made a right turn onto the highway and headed south. As they crested the overpass where Main Street passed under the highway, Ted looked off to the right. He could just make out the roof of his house in the distance.
“Do you even know where you are going?” Melody asked.
“Of course I do! We're going to Ripe BM in McLean Virginia.”
“Okay... but do you know how we're going to get there?”

Ted shrugged. “I haven't the slightest idea.”

###

About the author:

Greg Apgar is a combat veteran of two branches of the armed forces, and has worked in the museum industry for the last seventeen years.
He resides in southeastern Pennsylvania with his wife and three (not zombie) dogs.
The house is kept mouse-free by the world’s most psychopathic cat.

More titles by Greg Apgar to follow on Smashwords.com…
