



DAS ROAD

by Brian Bakos


Copyright 2013 Brian Bakos
Smashwords Edition



Other Titles by Brian Bakos

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Table of Contents
One: Oori Nara Korea
Two: Summer of Indecision
Three: The Long Way Back
Four: Mad Pursuit
Five: Restless Interlude
Six: Underground Realtor
Seven: Stages of Revolution
Eight: Into the Maelstrom
Nine: Home Again
Connect with the Author
Robot Horizon Series






One: Oori Nara Korea
Whatever road I take, the guiding star is within me. – Anthem, by Ayn Rand



Chapter 1: Wild Ride to Choon Chun
A crowd was pressing me on. I hate crowds. A bus pulled up and some steps appeared, the mob forced me upwards. I didn’t know where I was. Then an empty seat, and I plopped back into Korea. 
The alcohol murk cleared a bit. The Korean guy sitting next to me looked over, his face brightened like a Christmas tree. 
“Glass Sonseng!” he said.
A sobering chill tingling up my spine. 
“Who?” I said.
The man’s Christmas lights dimmed. 
“Are you not Mr. Jon Glass?” he said in English.
“No!” 
“Excuse me ... uh, your sunglasses ... I am very sorry.” The man turned away.
I hadn’t meant to raise my voice, but what the hell was going on? This was the third time this week somebody had mistaken me for this Jon Glass character. First a couple of tea room girls and now this guy. 
Who the hell was Jon Glass?
The guy next to me looked mid 30’s and friendly enough, but I was in no mood for company. I stuffed my  bag under the seat, retaining only my camera.
Koreans piled aboard – middle-aged women adjumonis carrying bulging pochecki scarves, high school boys in camouflage school uniforms, elderly men maneuvering with walking sticks. The pungent smell of kimchee pickled cabbage hovered in the still June air, betraying the contents of one pochecki. 
My claustrophobia kicked in. This crowded space seemed to be no longer an ordinary bus – more like a coffin on wheels. I fought the urge to jump up and push my way back outside. I closed my eyes, and the blessed soju buzz returned – three big slugs worth. 
Who was Jon Glass? 
The name rang a faint bell, but I was certain I’d never met him. The ID gaffs were unsettling, especially people’s acute disappointment when they realized that I wasn’t him. 
Somebody took the aisle seat across from me.
Eyes still closed, I fantasized about who it might be. Some lovely yoja, perhaps, hoping to share the ride with a dashing young American? She’d be looking over at me right now thinking: “My God, how fortunate I took this bus today.” 
Or maybe it was Yun Hee herself.
Right! She’d heard of my imminent departure and had rushed here to make up with me. I’d be aloof at first, slowly letting her back into my good graces. Then I’d take her hand across the aisle and ... 
Fingers, tough as old leather, stroked my bare forearm. I jerked as if from an electric shock, my eyes popped open behind the sunglasses. An ancient haraboji in white robes and a horse hair hat was sitting across from me exploring my Caucasian forearm.
He muttered in amazement, something to the effect: “Goddam, look at this hairy Westerner!”
My seat mate found this amusing, judging by his broad grin. So nice that he was entertained.
“Would you rather sit by the window?” he said.
“Yeah, thanks.” 
I moved over. 
The driver, a short, husky guy with close cropped hair, bounced into his seat with authority. The bus girl shut the door, and we started moving through the Seoul outskirts – dingy little stores and repair shops, bus and automobile traffic spewing a poisonous miasma. Not the National Geographic ambiance I was always seeking.
But soon we were cruising past beautiful green rice fields and small villages. A light rain began, and the tires hissed along the pavement. The miles rolled by pleasantly. I pulled the lens cap off my Pentax and gazed into the glassy depths. The lens glittered at me gold and blue, a Jewel Eye promising romantic adventure. 
“Very nice camera,” the man beside me said. “Is it Japanese?”
“Yes,” I said. 
He gave a thumbs up. “Japanese cameras, very good. Japanese people, not so good.”
I smiled, not wishing to overtly disagree. I’d never met a Korean yet who didn’t hate Japan. This guy might be old enough to remember the brutal Japanese occupation, too.
“My name is Mr. Jong.” He offered a hand. “I am English teacher at boys’ middle school in Choon Chun.”
“I’m Tyler Lakatos,” I said.
“Glad to meet you,” he replied, then he continued with typical curiosity. “Why are you in Oori Nara? You don’t look like G.I.” 
He’d slipped the Korean phrase for “our country” into his fairly good English.
“I’m a Peace Corps Volunteer,” I said.
“Peace Corps very good!” Another thumbs up. “You know Mr. Jon Glass? He is also Peace Corps, I think.”
“Is that so?” I said.
Mr. Jong counted on his fingers, folding the thumb in first, Korean style. “Mr. Jon Glass – he can drink, he can sing, he can fight! And number one with girls, too.”
“He sounds like quite a guy,” I said.
Then the standard questions began. “How long have you been in Korea, Lakatos Sonseng? Are you married? How old are you?”
“One year. Single. Twenty-three years old.”
By this time we’d reached the mountainous areas of Kang Won Province, and the gyrations of the bus cut off further conversation. Something had gone haywire with the driver. Ignoring the wet conditions, he careened the bus down the steep, curving road much too fast, then gunned the engine for the ascent. We rocked fearfully in our seats.
“Aigoo, chugetda!” Oh, I’m going to die! A passenger exclaimed. 
The driver growled something in reply and yanked us into another descent. My stomach churned. I’ve always prided myself on being philosophical, but when the going gets tough, an alcohol buzz sure helps. Mine was fading fast, though. I raised the Pentax and began snapping pictures out the window. In the rectilinear world of the viewfinder, at least, I was invulnerable.
A mist had settled on the treeless mountains, making the scene mysterious and inviting. Green rice fields nestled in the low areas, along with little thatch-roofed farm houses. Elegant white cranes took flight from a field.
Click, wind, click, went the Pentax. 
At every valley and picturesque village I wanted to get off and explore the impenetrable mystery lying at the root of all life. But this was an express bus, and the driver wouldn’t stop – even if he wasn’t crazy. 
We zipped past a billboard touting the government reforestation program. Each year trees were planted on the barren slopes, then poachers hacked them down. Each year people in picturesque little villages died in mudslides from the denuded hills. 
The driver whipped us through a gut-wrenching turn, and Jewel Eye clicked the last frame on the roll of film. I packed away the camera and pulled out my smokes. Mr. Jong’s face was a pale, stony mask through which he was trying to maintain some dignity. I offered a cigarette.
“Oh, thank you.” He accepted with a shaking hand.
Just as I lit a match, the bus began skidding out of control on a curve. A horrified gasp shot through the passengers. A precipice loomed outside the window, and my stomach dropped over it without me. I jerked my eyes away. 
Isn’t your life supposed to flash before you in such situations? All I saw was the match flame burning huge as a forest fire. The bus became deathly quiet. Then my terror suddenly vanished, replaced by a deep sadness. 
This is it, I wondered, I’m checking out before I have accomplished anything?
I glanced out the window again. The world was moving in nightmare slow motion. The sky was pitch black, and the hind quarters of the bus looked ready to swing over the edge, taking us on a leisurely, backwards plunge into the abyss.
Well, let’s get it over with already!
But then the driver, with skill matching his recklessness, brought the machine around safely. All wheels bit the pavement now, and we began an ascent back to the world of the living. A collective sigh issued from the passengers. I lit our cigarettes.
Whatever suicidal madness had possessed the driver seemed to depart, and he guided the big vehicle across the mountains without further incident. I resumed sightseeing. 
Without my camera eye, things should have looked ordinary again – the familiar scenery, my aimless life. But things had a clarity now, as if the world had been etched into sharp glass for me.
Yes ... Jon Glass.
Choon Chun appeared, nestled in its humid valley. 
Mr. Jong had taken a liking to me, or maybe he just felt like celebrating his survival. Anyway, he invited me out for a night of drinking, beginning with dinner at his house. The bus rolled into the station, and we passengers trundled off. 
I clapped the driver on his shoulder. “Thanks for the ride, pal,” I said in English. “It was ... real.”


Chapter 2: Tea without Sympathy
“I wonder what I am good at? Not at love, it escapes me.” – Valentina, speaking in La Notte

“I need tea now.” Mr. Jong said.
We entered a nearby tabang and took a table near the back. It was the usual type place – dimly lit, a largely male clientele. Pretty girls circulated bringing drinks, flirting, stopping occasionally to have a cup. A television set mounted high on the wall blared a Korean soap opera.
Mr. Jong downed a cup of tea and smoked a cigarette. Tension drained out of him. Compared to the distressed person on the bus, he now looked as fit as the New Socialist Man.
“I must go home and tell my wife to expect a dinner guest,” he said. “We have no telephone, unfortunately.”
“Sure thing.”
“Please excuse me, I’ll be back soon,” Mr. Jong said.
He departed, and I settled back with my coffee and cigarette. 
Tobacco smoke curled luxuriously, hovering over me like an old friend. These Korean cigarettes weren’t half bad, if you stuck to the top brands. Deferred exhaustion from the booze and the bus ride tried to overcome me, I could have nodded off were it not for the chatter coming from the television. 
On the TV screen, a young couple dressed in traditional clothes was having a worried conversation. Their surroundings were all smashed up, like an area in a combat zone. This must have been one of those melodramas about the Korean War era. 
I looked away and rummaged in my bag for a fresh roll of film. Exotic East Asia was constantly passing before me, and Jewel Eye must be prepared to record it with Ektachrome snapshots. 
My whole life seemed to freeze like a snapshot. Not an ugly picture, by any means, but not all that fabulous, either. How close had I actually come to the end today? Had I been reprieved, by God presumably, so that I could move on to accomplish great things – experience great adventures? 
Or was I just fishing for insights like those dickheads back in college with their drugs and mystical religions? It wasn’t God who had saved me, after all, but that crazy bus driver.
I’d already missed the great adventure my government offered to every young man of my generation. I could have walked into any recruiting station and said: “Gimme that one-way ticket to Vietnam!”
Of course, I might have survived and come back home, like Victor ...
The drone of Korean issuing from the TV abruptly changed to the harsh rasp of a different language – Russian? I looked up to see a character dressed in a Soviet military uniform barking commands at the young couple. The girl was shrinking away in terror while her man tried to put up a brave front, failing miserably. 
The actor portraying the Soviet officer wore a peaked cap pulled low to obscure his features, but I could tell he was a real Caucasian rather than a made-up Korean. His performance was scary. Even from this side of the screen he was intimidating – a man of great ruthless power who might unleash it any moment. The actress probably didn’t have to work very hard to look frightened. 
The scene fascinated me on some primitive level, as if I were there myself. The Soviet officer was advancing on the couple, pulling out the riding crop from under his arm ...
“Agh!” The tabang matron reached for the channel dial. 
A soccer game replaced the soap opera, and I snapped back to reality as if from some low-budget nightmare. A tabang girl sat down across from me. Man, was she cute!
“How are you?” she asked.
“Oh, fine,” I said. “Would you like some tea?”
She nodded and gestured to one of the other girls to bring her a cup. Looking at her perfect face with its almond eyes and rosy health – obvious even in the poor light – I understood why I had worked so hard to learn Korean. Why else study a language except to converse with beautiful women? 
I started a chit-chat conversation. 
“You speak our language very well,” the girl said. “How long have been in Oori Nara?”
The usual battery of questions followed, but I didn’t mind. She wore a subtle perfume which blended with the cigarette smoke into an intoxicating incense.
I’d thought I would be taking an Asian beauty home with me – Yun Hee, a teacher at the boy’s middle school where I’d taught English. Things had been going great with her. She’d even taken me to meet her family, which is the ultimate sign of a Korean woman’s interest.
Then, a couple of weeks ago, Yun Hee informed me that her parents frowned upon “international marriages” and had located a more suitable Korean man for her. 
When I’d managed to scrape myself off the floor, I’d phoned Mom to say I was quitting the Peace Corps. Then I’d disposed of my meager furnishings, moved out of my house, and gotten drunk every day.
Now I was on my farewell weekend to Choon Chun, the best town in Korea. Monday, I’d officially resign and pick up my plane ticket home. But right now, I was enjoying the company of the pretty tabang girl. She sipped her tea, eyes smiling coyly, and I sipped in her beauty. Our table made a pleasant little world. 
Then the atmosphere changed drastically. Chairs scrapped on the floor, angry mutterings. “Son of a bitch!” someone said. The girl’s smile faded, her apprehensive eyes looked toward the door. 
I twisted around to see a couple of beggars moving down the aisle toward us. One was an elderly woman, toothless and gray, the other was a little boy maybe four years old. A wave of hostility followed them like a blast of freezing air. The tabang matron rushed forward and spoke angrily to the old woman. The little boy walked on alone and stopped right beside me.
Our eyes met. I was astounded by his appearance. He looked more white than Korean, with a rounded Western face and light, wispy hair. Almond eyes gave away his mixed parentage. He must have been the illegitimate offspring of some American GI – a man who would be back in the States now unaware, or unconcerned, that he’d left a child behind. The little boy extended a chubby hand toward me.
“Get out!” shrieked the manager, seizing the boy’s arm and propelling him towards the door where the old woman waited in stoic humiliation.
“Hey!” I began to stand up, but the tabang girl grasped my arm.
“It’s all right,” she said, “don’t worry.”
Some bastard at the last table kicked at the little boy as the manager dragged him by. I flung off the girl’s arm and stood up. She rose and blocked my way.
“Please, Sonseng Nim,” she pleaded, “sit down!”
I brushed past her toward the door. The man who’d kicked at the boy was chortling with his buddies, proud of his achievement. As I passed, I shoved his chair hard, pushing him against his table. The laughter stopped.
I reached the door and bumped into Mr. Jong.
“What’s the matter?” he asked. “Was I gone too long?”
“No, uh ...”
I heard somebody coming up behind and spun around, expecting the hero I’d jostled to be coming back for more. It was only the girl. She held my camera and shoulder bag.
“I’m so sorry.” She thrust the items into my hands.
She and the tabang matron, both mouthing apologies, escorted us out the door. Threw us out, actually.
“Looks like I missed some excitement,” Mr. Jong said.
“Yeah, right,” I said.
“For a moment I thought Mr. Jon Glass was here!”
He hailed a taxi and we got in back. I scanned the street but saw nothing of the old woman or the boy. 
God damn! It’s the same rotten deal all over the world. Innocent little kids get screwed while the slime balls laugh at them. A thumper headache was building behind my eyeballs. I massaged my temples with rigid fingers.


Chapter 3: A Night on the Town
“You must keep company a long time with a man before you know him thoroughly.” – Sancho Panza

We arrived at a bland new subdivision on the city outskirts – an area of straight lanes and uniform little walled-in houses lacking in picturesque, meandering ambiance. 
Actually, even the “old” section of Choon Chun was fairly new, as the entire city had been leveled during the war and was subsequently rebuilt. We got out at Mr. Jong’s place. Unlocking the gate, he led me through the tiny courtyard and into the house. I doffed my shoes at the door. 
Mr. Jong’s wife approached. She had the faded beauty so many Korean women developed after they married. She appeared to be about 35 and was several months pregnant.
“I am sorry because our house is so poor,” she said by way of greeting. 
“Not at all,” I replied with ritual politeness, “I can’t begin to say how nice it is.”
There was no introduction of her by Mr. Jong. The wife appeared strictly in the role of servant. This was correct etiquette, however odd it might strike Western sensibilities. 
Anyway, who knew what really went on in this house? Maybe Mr. Jong got the hell knocked out of him every night. But for now, he was lord of the fiefdom. The wife brought us into a side room and indicated cushions on the floor beside a low table. After a brief interlude, she returned with a dish of sliced pears.
“I have two children, and, as you can see, another is on the way,” Mr. Jong said after his wife had left. “It must be the electricity in this part of town. It keeps going off so ...”
He made an expansive gesture in front of his abdomen and laughed, showing a couple of gold teeth. 
“The government says to stop at two, but that isn’t always possible!” he said.
I grinned to cover my discomfort. 
Considering the short notice, the wife had prepared a fine meal. She brought in metal bowls of anchovy soup and an excellent selection of pan chan – dried seaweed, fish, tubu, kimchee, even some oysters. And rice, of course. Then she left us men folk to ourselves. 
Two small children, a boy of about four and a girl a year or so older, appeared at the doorway. Curiosity overcoming his fear, the boy entered. Mr. Jong cuddled him. 
The little boy pointed a finger at me and said, “Mi gook saram.” American.
“Kurochi!” I said. So it is!
I opened my blue eyes wide and laid a finger alongside my nose to indicate its immense size – by Korean standards, anyway. The boy dug tiny fists into his eyes and cringed, to the great amusement of his father.
“What is your name?” I asked.
The boy braved up enough to answer, “Kyung Soo.”
He was almost too cute to be real.
“Maybe I will have another son,” Mr. Jong said. “My wife dreamed about a big carp leaping out of the water. This is a good omen.”
Traditionally, girls added little to a family, as they were destined to marry and become part of someone else’s. As a Korean proverb stated: “Riches, honor, many sons. Poverty, lowliness, many daughters.” 
“What’s your name?” I asked the little girl hovering by the door.
She stared at me with something approaching terror. She backed away and was quickly gone. 
After enjoying our leisurely meal, we, too, were gone. 
I was in a good mood as we strode into the sool chip, but a little apprehensive, too. How well did I know Mr. Jong, anyway? Korean men could be fierce drinkers, I knew from experience, and could be very unpleasant when drunk. 
The teachers at my school, with whom I’d been out drinking occasionally, seemed to have entire souls full of anguish and frustration to wring out. They could really get blasted, drinking to forget whatever was painful in their lives. They placed no premium on “holding one’s liquor.” 
Another Oriental proverb came to mind: “You can go out drinking with twenty friends and find yourself surrounded by twenty enemies.” 
Put another way, how long does it take a room full of angry Koreans to turn on the only white guy?  Well, it was too late now for such considerations.
The outer area of the wine house contained the cheap seats for the all-male clientele. Numerous tables constructed from upended oil drums crowded the room. Braziers fitted in the tops sizzled with mounds of tripe or tak kalbi marinated chicken ribs. Smoke wafted up little chutes above each table, some of it escaping to create a murky atmosphere.
Two ROK, Republic of Korea soldiers, sat on stools at one of these tables. Poor, burdened with their country’s defense, they seemed to symbolize common soldiers everywhere. Their crisp, green, American-style uniforms contrasted with their gloomy faces. Each wore a plastic name tag with English and Korean script. One was called Kim, S. C. and the other Li, J. H. Although a young man, Kim, S.C. had many gray strands mixed into his short, bristly hair. 
Paper lattice doors divided this main area from a the small side rooms where better-heeled patrons cavorted with the wine house yojas. A matron led us into one of these rooms where two girls awaited.
“You’re back!” the girls cried. 
I’d never been here before and did not recognize them, but I decided not to argue. 
“Nice to see you again,” I said.
***
So, the night moved on pleasantly. Booze, food, female companionship. What else mattered?
I reclined luxuriously on the floor and drained my cup of makoli “rice” wine. It tasted horrible, synthetic – the government-mandated concoction that substituted God knew what chemicals for the natural ingredients. Had to conserve rice, the official line went. 
Too much of this stuff would blow off the top of your skull and give you a memorable case of the runs. 
Munchies cluttered the low table – octopus, sea slug, tripe smothered in hot sauce – stuff I could never imagine eating back home. All delicious. I felt contented for the first time in many days. 
Yun Hee receded into an alcoholic mist. She remained there even while the girl sitting next to me sang a traditional song of love gone awry:
“... although Kapsun’s heart was only for Kapdol,
 on the surface she pretended it wasn’t so!” etc.
The girl had a beautiful, clear voice. With one hand she beat metal chopsticks against the table edge in time to the music. With the other hand she discreetly massaged my crotch, kind of beating my chopstick, too. Mr. Jong sat red-faced across the table with the other girl, singing along lustily and out of tune. 
My girl finished singing to appreciative applause. In her traditional hanbok with its puffy red skirt, white top and flowing bow, she seemed like some magical confection waiting to be devoured. Light rouge accented her perfect skin, and her tied back hair – jet black – framed a face so pretty it should have been illegal.
Mr. Jong thrust the wine kettle toward me and poured unsteadily. My cup filled to the brim as the last contents dribbled from the kettle. The girls clapped.
“A good omen!” Mr. Jong cried in blurred English. “You’re going to have a son!” 
“But I’m not married,” I said.
“All the better!”
It was my turn to sing. I bellowed out a morose Korean song about a guy pondering his distant hometown and lost youth. At least it was easy to sing. Enthusiastic applause. 
“Thank you! Thank you!” I said.
It was one of those transcendent moments when you felt like you were a true citizen of Oori Nara. Then I happened to glance at a mirror angled down from the wall. In the middle of the group of Asians gleamed a pale white face. Things immediately jerked back into perspective. 
Another kettle of makoli arrived and I filled Mr. Jong’s cup. I caught a glimpse of his eyes and detected a flicker of anger there. 
A warning sign. The booze was melting his inhibitions and some bogeyman penned inside him was aching to bust out. I should be planning my exit, before things had a chance to turn ugly. But my girl was prodding me.
“Sing another song, please,” she said. “You have such a manly voice!”
I looked away from Mr. Jong’s livid face. Through my makoli buzz, the girl beside me glowed with heavenly radiance. Her lovely brown eyes, her little mouth, curving up just the right amount. She was every beautiful Korean yoja rolled into one. She was the perfect woman I was supposed to be taking back to the States.
“I love you,” I whispered in English.
“Eh?”
“Nothing, nothing at all.”
I began a rendition of the old Confederate army song, Goober Peas. While I was singing, Mr. Jong began manhandling the girl next to him, grabbing her breasts and attempting to kiss her roughly. She fought him off and stood up. 
“Godammit!” Mr. Jong cried in English.
My song trailed off. Mr. Jong’s girl flung open the paper door and stalked away. 
“Your friend is very drunk,” my girl said.
“God damn!” Mr. Jong said, his face a snarling beet. “Fucking CIA! Fucking Peace Corps!”
Oh no, not the old CIA routine again. Often I’d heard the ridiculous story that Peace Corps Volunteers were actually spies. Well, if I’d somehow been spying this past year, then somebody owed me back pay. 
One thing was obvious, though, I had a mean drunk on my hands. 
“Yobo seyo, look here,” my girl said. “Why not take your friend home and then come back for me? We can go to a yogwan. You want that?”
I feigned ignorance. 
“A yogwan, why?” I asked innocently.
“Ai!” She squeezed my crotch.
“Okay!” I yelped.
I looked over at Mr. Jong, hesitant to say anything that might anger him further. 
“Mr. Jong,” I said, “shall we leave?”
“What you say?” He demanded in English.
“We should be going, your wife must be waiting.”
“Fuck!” 
Big mistake. Mention of his wife enraged Jong further. He hurled an ashtray at my girl. Just in time, she threw up a hand to protect her head. A cloud of cigarette ashes polluted the air.
Her lovely face turned ferocious. “Crazy S.O.B!” 
I intervened quickly, helping Mr. Jong to his feet while pinioning his throwing arm at the same time. I wanted to break it for him. With his free hand, he withdrew some bills from his pocket and flung them on the table. 
“Godammit!” he said.
The sight of the money placated the girl. She became pleasant again and even escorted us out. The main room had largely emptied with only a few drinkers remaining to observe our inglorious departure.
At the door, Mr. Jong broke from my grip and reeled out into the darkness. Before I could follow, the girl seized my hand.
“You’re coming back?” she said.
“Yes, yes, in a little while,” I said.
It was a twenty minute walk to Mr. Jong’s house, every step a bitter struggle. Twice he attempted to dash in front of traffic and I had to drag him back to the sidewalk. His language reeled from profane English and Korean to maudlin statements like, “You-me, America-Korea, same-same!”
I felt like a fool. Pedestrians gaped at the disgraceful spectacle. I didn’t dare hail a taxi for fear that Mr. Jong would begin a row with the driver. I’m usually pretty good at locating places, but since I was fairly drunk himself, I stood only a problematical chance of finding the house again. Mr. Jong was too far gone to provide directions. 
Thank God, after only a single wrong turn, I brought us to the same gate from which we’d departed in such high spirits a few hours before. Jong sagged against me, semi passed out. I was preparing to ring the bell and dump him when the wife opened the gate of her own accord.
“Please come in,” she said.
Mr. Jong struggled back to life. “Fucking CIA!” 
Unwilling to subject the poor woman to the indignity of wrestling with her husband in the street, I tightened my aching fingers on Jong’s arm and brought him into the courtyard.
“I am sorry, I am sorry,” the wife kept saying. “This is such an inconvenience for you.”
“It’s all right,” I said lamely. 
With a furious yank, Mr. Jong broke my grasp, unzipped his fly, and began to urinate indiscriminately as he staggered around the courtyard. I dodged a fire hose of piss. The poor humiliated wife bore this further outrage stoically. 
I retreated toward the gate. I felt huge, awkward. Nobody back home would say I was a particularly large person, but in this tiny courtyard, as in so many Korean places, I felt oversized. I stumbled into the street and fled.
“Thank God that’s over!”
I gulped in cool night air like a drowning man breaking the surface. Well, Mr. Jong was definitely off my Christmas card list. It was well past 11:00. At midnight the police would begin picking up curfew violators. I quickened my steps toward the sool chip, propelled by lust.
The girl met me on the street. She wore a battered coat over her colorful hanbok and carried a small bag.
“Yobo seyo,” she said. “I didn’t think you’d come back.”
She took my arm.


Chapter 4: A Day of Desultory
“Well, a man makes many mistakes in his lifetime.” – Nikita Khrushchev, Khrushchev Remembers, the Glasnost Tapes

The massive bell of some Buddhist temple reverberated, heralding the dawn of another day in this world of pain and rebirth. The hermit monk who lived in a cave on Bong Yi San mountain began his mad howling.
Lying on the yogwan room floor, wrapped in the yo and ibul, I wondered if these sounds really existed or were merely a personal symphony echoing around my mind. Weary ROKs, who had spent the night hunting North Korean infiltrators in the mountains, would be stretching themselves and watching for the sun. 
The paper lattice door slid open. The wine house girl reentered and slipped back under the covers. 
Another night, another whore. This is it?
I fumbled in my shoulder bag for cigarettes and discovered that my condom supply remained untouched in its box. Idiot! Too drunk and befuddled to roll one on, eh? And now an almost guaranteed dose of VD.
A wonderful going away present! Hopefully, it would be nothing worse than “nonspecific urethritis” which could be easily cured. With less luck, gonorrhea or maybe even the Big Syph. I smoked a cigarette, silently cursing myself. The girl was sleeping by the time I finished. 
I was too agitated to drop off, so I withdrew a blue felt-tip pen from my bag. Until recently I’d used it to check student papers. I pulled back the covers. The girl was lying on her back and stirred a bit at the sudden exposure. Her body shone soft and inviting in the dim light – very petite with firm little breasts and full hips – just like Yun Hee’s.
Not that I’d ever seen Yun Hee naked. She’d made it abundantly clear that the “big event” would have to wait until after she was married. That was frustrating, to say the least. 
I wondered what it would have been like to pull the covers off her some morning and realize that she was there just for me.
I glided the felt tip over the wine house girl, and she startled half awake. I drew lazy spirals around her nipples, then joined them at the solar plexus. She squirmed and giggled. I arrived at her navel and drew another spiral. Then arrows pointing south toward the short pubic hairs. 
I etched a quote from Li Po on her inner thigh: “All I want is to be drunk forever.”
On her other thigh, I wrote a companion verse: “Only the great drinkers immortalize their fame.” 
I’d done this with other whores, back before meeting Yun Hee, and it had been fun, erotic even. Now it had gotten old. I felt old myself. I tossed the pen aside. The girl seemed to have enjoyed it, though. 
“You’re even more fun than last time!” she giggled and pulled me on top for another ride. 
To hell with the condoms; too late for them anyway. The ink smeared over our skins.
Afterwards she said, “You must give me 500 won for a bath. I can’t go around like this.”
“Sure,” I said. 
I could afford an extra 500 won – about one American dollar – even though it was far above the going bath house rate. My frustrated energies spent, I covered up beside the girl. 
So, my journey to the Orient was almost over – this roller coaster ride of thrills and disappointments. I dropped off to a dreamy half sleep and envisioned the middle-class American suburb to which I was returning. It rolled up to my mind’s eye like some large, insipid billboard on wheels illustrated with daisies, uniform houses, and blue sky.
Life would be safe and steady, no longer the unpredictable struggle it was here. I’d do ordinary American things, visit typical places and never see an exotic nook of creation again. I’d become just another person behind the wheel of an automobile, following a career track towards old age. The ibul pressed down with suffocating weight, and I shoved it off myself. 
I’d miss Oori Nara – missed it already. Here, even when you felt lousy, at least you knew you were alive.
A couple of hours later I was on my way. The girl seemed interested in going with me, but I didn’t want her company. She was so lovely that I’d start fantasizing about her, developing foolishly romantic ideas. Our “relationship” was a trashy, futureless thing, however, so I wandered off alone. 
I walked to the lower slopes of Bong Yi San at the edge of town and breakfasted at the King Sejong tourist hotel. At one time the hotel’s scrambled eggs, bacon, and muffins had seemed an incredible luxury, now they were just a harbinger of things to come. I peered out toward the American helicopter base along the river past the city outskirts. Lethal machines hovered like dragon flies, too far off for their engines to be heard. 
Then I moved down the slopes and half way across town for a stroll through the market street. Crowds of women, many with children tied to their backs, shopped the food stalls and carts. A sudden fear gripped me that I might bump into Mr. Jong’s wife, and I kept a sharp lookout to avoid an embarrassing encounter. 
A blind beggar man, led by a little girl, played a bamboo flute. I followed them briefly through the crowds, enchanted by his complex little tune. A young Buddhist monk in gray robe and shaved head was having a miserable time chanting and banging a wooden jingle bell at shop entrances, begging for alms. The shopkeepers made their irritation known. 
 Savory odors filled the air around street vendors who were cooking potatoes and clams. A less pleasant fragrance attended the steamed snail vendor. A positive stink wafted from a cart selling cooked silk worm pupae. I’d never mustered the nerve to eat one of those. 
Bob West, a PCV friend, had described the experience as, “biting into a fried pimple.”
I determined to soak up as many impressions as possible. The Pentax helped. I carried it in one hand discreetly covered by my shoulder bag, pulling it out to snap a picture, then hiding it away again. The camera felt almost like an extension of my own body.
What had I read in that children’s book? “The stuffed toys reflect your love like a mirror reflects your face.”
Did I love this hunk of metal and glass? That seemed a bit of a stretch. Though maybe the Pentax Spotmatic II was my Velveteen Rabbit that would someday turn real, and about which I would say: 
“Why, that looks just like my old camera that was lost!"
In the afternoon I caught a milk run bus out of town with the notion of visiting Choon Chun Dam reservoir. The atmosphere aboard was crowded and convivial. Nobody paid me much attention, thankfully. 
An adjumoni boarded with a couple of live chickens in plastic baskets. A farmer got on lugging a vile-smelling canvas bag which he set onto the floor with a thud. The bag squirmed, and the pig inside squealed.
My heart felt as overburdened as that canvas bag. Why was I going to the reservoir anyway? The ghost of Yun Hee’s memory was hovering out there like some dismal vapor, and breathing it would do me no good. 
We’d once spent an afternoon at the reservoir venturing over the water in a little rented boat. Once in the middle, I’d ceased rowing and had laid back contemplating – above, the broad cloudless sky, beneath, the vast depths, and us suspended in between.
“What are you thinking, Tyler?” Yun Hee had asked.
She never could say my name properly, pronouncing it Ty-rer. I loved her for that, and for everything else.
“I’m thinking about how your presence unites these two infinities for me,” I’d replied in English. 
She’d looked pleased, if a bit confused. She’d taken my hand then, and ...
The thought of seeing the reservoir again became suddenly unbearable. And I couldn’t stay on the claustrophobic bus another moment, either. I approached the driver. 
“Let me out, please.”
***
The bus rumbled away leaving me alone on the narrow dirt shoulder between the pavement and the hill sides. Across the road and down a steep embankment, the river bubbled cool and inviting. A small convoy of military trucks rumbled past bearing ROK. In their U.S. style uniforms and helmets, they resembled scaled down versions of American troops. 
They called out to me, some in a friendly manner, others less so. 
“Hey, GI!” one yelled.
I responded with a thumbs up and a wave. This seemed to please them, and many returned my “Number One” gesture. 
I considered going down to the river. Some boys were playing on the embankment, though, and I didn’t want to deal with them. Maybe they were the mischievous sort who would toss stones at the white whale foreigner bobbing in the water, confident in their ability to escape any lumbering pursuit. I looked up the hillside toward the higher peaks. They beckoned seductively. 


Chapter 5: Highlands Idyll
Men, animals, trees, stars, they are all hieroglyphics; woe to anyone who begins to decipher them. – Zorba the Greek, by Nikos Kazantzakis

I ascended rapidly, pushing my physical limits, shoulder bag and camera jostling along. Within an hour I’d reached the higher slopes. 
I paused at the crest, heart pounding. Each inhale pulled in clear mountain air; each exhale blew out cigarette smoke and urban pollution. 
I was young and immortal, and it felt great! Sweat evaporating off my shirt brought momentary chill. Far below, the river and its parallel ribbon of two-lane road wound back toward Choon Chun. Afternoon sun brought golden illumination to the valley’s rice paddies where elegant white cranes stalked and farmers tilled the soil behind great brown oxen.
In all other directions mountains filled the world. Like our Smoky Mountains – misty peaks marching off in ranks, each one less distinct than the one before. But these Korean mountains were enchanted, as if they contained whole legions of spiritual forces – most of them kindly or at least benign, others more sinister. Siberian tigers had once roamed here, and you could almost detect their echo.
In folk belief, a San Shin, mountain spirit, inhabited these highlands. Traditional paintings depicted a benevolent old man with a wispy beard reposing under a pine tree and leaning against a harmless, silly-looking tiger. I wouldn’t have minded seeing him.
Numberless wars had swept through this rugged terrain, the most ferocious one in my own lifetime. And the conflicts still continued. The newspapers constantly blared accounts of North Korean infiltrators prowling the highlands. I felt an added chill through my sweaty shirt.
But these mountains were a balm for my wounded soul. Here I could forget my sadness, become a wandering hermit and never run out of fresh vistas. I pulled out my bamboo flute and started playing. The instrument had only five holes, but you could coax out a wide range of notes. 
My playing sucked big time, if the truth were told. 
In previous mountain explorations I’d discovered grave mounds, caves, little Buddhist temples. What else might there be? The mountains beckoned me to far horizons of adventure, yet I was planning to ignore their call. Hidden in some depression stood the great suburban billboard blocking my way. 
I thought of scrapping my resignation plans, but quickly rejected the idea. Another aimless year at the boys’ middle school would be unbearable, and always I’d be glancing over at the desk in the big teachers’ room where Yun Hee used to sit – before she’d left to get married. 
I paused by a rock outcropping and lit a cigarette. Then I noticed something odd.
Somebody had scratched an inscription into the stone. It consisted of two Latin alphabet letters and some Korean writing: 

My lips formed the Korean words, “Saram choong eso han saram.”
Translation: “From among the people, one person,” or perhaps, “One man amid many others.” Something like that.
“Man of the people,” I said aloud. “That’s what it means.”
Who had written this cryptic inscription? Some bearded hermit with a staff in one hand, bamboo flute in the other, muttering profound nonsense as he walked? It was an immoderate mystery.
Were the letters J G somebody’s initials? Korean names could be written in Latin letters. My Judo instructor back at college was a Korean man named Yi Jang Goon. You don’t suppose he was up here? I knew this was a small world, but ...
A strange idea entered my mind: the J G must stand for Jon Glass. He had been up here scouting this terrain and had left his mark for me – his alter ego and mistaken identity fall guy – to discover. 
Absurd! I moved on, tuning in the American Armed Forces network on my transistor radio. The DJ was playing American rock. 
I must have passed into a reverie – walking, listening to music and the gentle breeze, drinking in the scenery. Time passed without me being aware. Before I knew it, the sun was cutting long shadows across the landscape. Time to head back. 
Half way down, dense thickets choked the mountainside. Narrow paths cut through the thorny tangles then disappeared. I’d follow one trail, then have to double back and try another. I ended up struggling in absolute frustration as dusk settled in. 
“By God,” I vowed, “I’ll make it down no matter what!” 
Then I tripped, wrenching my ankle and tumbling several feet downhill. A lightning bolt of pain shot through me; the entire world focused on my throbbing misery. I sprawled among the thorns inventing new swear words. 
When the pain subsided a bit, I sat up and examined my ankle. No apparent broken bones, thank God. I wiped a hand across my face and it came back smeared red. A coppery taste permeated my mouth. I checked Jewel Eye and found it undamaged. 
Hey, I could take a self portrait – title it: “Idiot Posing on Mountain Slope.”
I lit a cigarette and pondered my dismal options. Negotiating these thickets in daylight was tricky enough, but in gathering darkness, with a hurt ankle, no way. Even if I did get to the road, would any buses still be running? Town was several miles away, and I could end up wandering the road past curfew. A military patrol might pick me up, but the ROK might not be so friendly again. 
Evening moved in, pressing me with chilly hands. Violating curfew in town was generally not too serious. At most, you’d have to spend the night hanging around the police station, or else the authorities might simply tell you to go home once they saw your Westerner’s face leering out of a flashlight beam. 
But out here? Nobody could mistake me for a North Korean infiltrator during the day, but in darkness might not some edgy ROK decide to shoot first and investigate later? Speaking of North Koreans ... 
I glanced up the slope, fearing to see hunched figures with assault rifles coming my way. For a blazing moment of terror, I envisioned myself as a hostage in North Korea, imagined the hot needles under my fingernails, saw myself on television mouthing some communist propaganda statement. 
Jeez, get control!
I hobbled to a less steep area and broke down the underbrush to clear a space for my “camp.” Then I sat down on a rock, lit another cigarette, and brooded while night closed in. What a humiliating predicament for Mr. Wilderness Survival! 
Since taking a mountaineering course in Wyoming a few summers ago, I’d prided myself on my outdoor skills. So, now I was trapped in the mountains with a bum ankle, a camera, a bamboo flute and an American Tourister bag filled with useful items – laundry, cigarettes, paperback books, toiletries, a half busted radio. 
And don’t forget the condoms, those would really come in handy.
At least I could use the book pages to start a fire. Then again, the acres of dried underbrush would serve just as well. I could incinerate the whole mountainside – do the human torch routine as I floundered about trying to escape. I crushed out my cigarette.
Now that I had accepted my fate, my last reserves of energy drained away. Adjusting my makeshift pillow into the least uncomfortable configuration, I settled onto my stony mattress and was almost instantly asleep.
Some time later, a dog jarred me awake with ghastly, coughing barks and long mournful wails. I jumped to my feet, glancing around the darkness, expecting an attack any second. 
The howling continued. Sometimes it seemed distant, echoing through the far mountains; other times it was fearfully close, the voice of some beast preparing to charge out of the darkness and rip my throat. A terrifying quote from the novel Mulatta barged into my mind:

“In the distance, a dog was howling because his sense of smell told him that the tree he was standing under would be used for a coffin.
“Cof-cof-coffin for whooooooo! And the tree wept leaves.”

Something stirred in the thicket beside me. I stumbled back as a dark, brutal shape leapt into the air and fluttered away. 
Stealthy, four-legged intruders moved just outside the limit of my vision. I held the bamboo flute dagger-like in my left hand. I wrapped Jewel Eye’s strap around my right hand, ready to swing the camera with skull cracking force against any creature that might emerge from the darkness. I crouched, ready for combat, taking in my dark, threatening environment – like Kirk Douglas in that Spartacus movie.
One time, back at college, I’d been taking pictures in a deserted alley when a derelict had suddenly appeared.
“You got any fucking matches?” he’d said.
I looked away from the viewfinder to see this big, hunched-over man in a dark coat, his eyes burning out of a bearded, pale face. I’d never seen such frightening eyes before. 
“Don’t do anything to upset this guy!” a voice in my head warned.
“Sorry,” I replied. 
I kept a smile on my face while unobtrusively repositioning Jewel Eye in my right hand. If the situation looked to be turning violent, a surprise upper cut with two pounds of metal and glass could end the conversation in my favor. But the man just wandered off muttering. 
I’ve since become familiar with such burning, ferocious eyes. They are the eyes my brother Victor wears sometimes. 
Things quieted down on the mountainside, and I relaxed out of my gladiator pose. I lit a cigarette – damn the fire risk, damn the sniper that might be drawing a bead on the glowing ash. 
So, whose coffin had that dog been howling about anyway? 
Night dragged past with increasing chilliness. I observed the stars and shuffled around to keep warm. I had no watch, so I used the progress of the constellations to estimate the passing hours. 
My surroundings were actually quite lovely and peaceful, once I got over my heebie jeebies. An insect chorus accented the silence, an occasional breeze rustled the vegetation. A crystal clear sky, illuminated by countless stars and a sliver of moon, arched overhead. Quite the transcendental stage set. I supposed you could have some great religious-type illumination in these circumstances, but I was not very receptive to such things. 
I nodded off and awoke with the first rays of sunlight. Of course, a good trail was only a few feet away from my camping spot. I hobbled down it and was soon out of the thickets. The trail led by a small thatch-roofed farm house. I tried to creep past unobtrusively, but an adjumoni emerged from the kitchen.
“Mua?” she said in surprise.
“Anyang Hasayo!” I replied with ersatz heartiness. “I’m just out for a little walk.”
She gave me a sideways, unbelieving glance. Korean-speaking Westerners probably didn’t appear at this isolated farmstead every morning. 
I made some b.s. statement about how much I was enjoying the lovely day. I must have made a hell of an impression – my clothes all rumpled and my face scratched, walking with a limp. She motioned me to sit on the narrow wooden porch. 
The paper door beside me slid open revealing an ancient haraboji smoking a long-stemmed pipe. He nodded an acknowledgment to my greeting and took me in with wise, kindly eyes. The adjumoni brought me a low table of food, typical Korean fare of rice, soup and side dishes. An incredible feast!
The old haraboji quietly observed me while I ate, a gentle, amused expression on his surprisingly smooth face. With his wispy white beard and dignified manner, he seemed like the San Shin personified. The adjumoni brought us bowls of makoli – the real thing. Sweet and potent, with bits of rice floating in it. 
The makoli coursed through my body like an elixir, banishing the pain from my ankle. I lit a cigarette, then fished out my last unopened pack – top quality Kobukson, Turtle Boat, brand – and presented it to the haraboji with a polite two-handed gesture. He accepted with amused pleasure.
Draining my bowl of makoli, I caught sight of a medium sized brown dog standing under a nearby tree. I dared not look too closely to see if the tree had wept any leaves.
After many cordial thanks, I continued my descent with renewed vigor. When I turned for a final look, the house was gone. Was this some trick of the landscape? I hadn’t gone very far – shouldn’t the place still be in view? 
I thought of turning back but decided not to.


Chapter 6: Seoul Nocturne
“The Hungarians are a harsh people, very harsh.” – Nikita Khrushchev, Khrushchev Remembers, the Glasnost Tapes

Back in Seoul, I checked in at the Nam Goong yogwan and crashed for several hours. The yogwan had an exalted name for such a modest place: “South Palace.” It was as clean as most inns, though – despite the occasional rodent – and it was conveniently located on a narrow lane around the corner from the Peace Corps office.
Late afternoon, I cleaned up at a public bath house and was appalled by the amount of hair that shampooed loose from my head. Damn! Other PCV guys reported this same phenomenon, maybe we weren’t getting enough vitamins or something.
After a restaurant dinner, washed down with two large bottles of Crown mekchu, I was ready to retire for the evening. I stopped at a newspaper stand attended by a brown, wrinkled old woman, and bought a few loose cigarettes. I didn’t feel like walking to a kagae on my sore ankle to buy a whole pack. Besides, I was a bit dizzy from the beer and wanted to get back to my room.
The news stand lady reminded me of some wise old Indian matron as she shuffled out my change from a coin pouch tied around her waist. President Pak Chung Hee’s gaunt face leered from the front page of the English-language Dong Ah Ilbo, East Asia Times. He was pinning yet another medal on somebody’s chest. 
The rest of the front page was taken up with reports of the latest anti-Japanese incidents. “Women’s Body Protests Japanese Intrusion,” read one story lead.
Korea / Japan relations were at a low point, and frequent demonstrations were breaking out in the streets of Seoul. The government seemed to tolerate these public outbursts, maybe even encouraged them. The people could vent their frustrations at a foreign power rather than at the corrupt, authoritarian Korean regime.
Ah, yes, “Democracy Korean Style!” Now that Pak had beaten down the last vestiges of press freedom, he could appear unchallenged in every newspaper. 
It was reassuring to know that the U.S. was picking up the tab. Thousands of American GIs were strung along the border with North Korean as a “trip wire.” If war broke out, these guys would be massacred on day one. I’d never claim to be a military expert, but this simply didn’t make sense to me. Who’d thought up this troop deployment, anyway, the same transcendent geniuses that had gotten us into Vietnam?
I entered the gate of the Nam Goong and limped across the courtyard to my room in the far right corner. But then the sounds of native-speaker English coming from a room on the opposite side of the courtyard caught my interest. I walked over to the partly opened paper door and knocked.
“Yeah!” somebody answered. 
I slid the door open. Four PCVs sat around a low table, playing cards. They looked up expectantly. I knew two of them somewhat. They weren’t my usual crowd, being health care workers rather than middle school teachers like myself. 
One was Charlie Streicher, and he had an extraordinary face which had gotten worse since I’d last seen him. The other was Nick “The Greek” Karmanos. He was always talking about his ethnic heritage. It was as good a shtick as any, I supposed. 
“Hey, come on in,” Nick said.
“Hi!” I said.
Ditching my shoes, I entered the room and slid the door half way shut again.
“You’re J ...?” said Nick tentatively. “No wait, Tyler Lakatos, right?”
“Yeah.”
The two remaining guys introduced themselves as Eric and Bill. A large, dried squid occupied the center of the table, along with a quartet of glasses. Booze bottles littered a corner.
“Have some squid,” Charlie said.
“Thanks.”
I ripped off a tentacle and took a seat.
“I’ve wanted to ask you,” Nick said, “is Lakatos a Greek name?”
“No, it’s Hungarian.”
“Christ, a Hungarian!” Charlie exploded. “Bad enough there’s a Greek here. Open the door, let some air in.”
Bill slid the door wider open.
“Nice going, Charlie,” Nick said. “It sure is great hanging out with a class guy like you!”
“That’s the way it is with us literary types,” Charlie said.
Literary type, Charlie? A deluge of ethnic humor followed, mostly old “Polack jokes” revised to insult other nationalities.
These guys were certainly crude. Then again, if I’d been assigned to some rural medical center administering TB drugs, I’d probably be pretty hard-bitten myself. Among us volunteers, they spoke the best, most profane Korean. They were the most ferocious drinkers. And they had the least access to healthy relationships with Korean women. 
Country families watched their girls closely. For these unfortunate PCVs, the only female contact they could generally hope for was at the red light district of some neighboring town, or else in Seoul at the E Tae Won ville outside the American Eighth Army base. They’d doubtless been there last night. 
I added to the banter. 
“You know what the common knowledge is,” I said.
“What?” Nick said.
“If you’ve got a Hungarian for a friend, you sure as hell don’t need any enemies,” I said.
Everyone laughed.
“Hey, I like you!” Charlie said. “Have a drink.”
He poured me a glass of clear, fiery begal – “Chinese rocket fuel” as it was commonly known. I unwisely slugged the whole glass down. A vile, embalming fluid aftertaste polluted my mouth. Man, this was worse than the Victory Gin in 1984! 
“In swallowing it one had the sensation of being hit on the back of the head with a rubber club.”
Korea had many 1984 type characteristics, come to think of it – the Pak dictatorship for example with its double speak brutality, the way inconvenient people tended to disappear. I’d think more about it later – once the rubber clubbing wore off. 
Nick grinned. “Be careful, Tyler, that stuff can give you the runs.”
This opened a whole new topic of conversation: “The worst time I had the shits.” 
I tuned out the discussion as best I could, concentrating instead on chewing the rubbery squid. These guys might not be up to my usual social standard, but I didn’t feel particularly out of place. Sitting here in this cramped room, among this company, with a dried tentacle in my mouth seemed like the most natural thing in the world. 
Yeah, maybe it really was time to go home.
“... and I wasn’t solid for a month!” Charlie cried, mercifully concluding the discussion. 
Talk moved on to whores and booze. I leaned back against the wall quietly observing – Charlie mostly. Although only twenty something, Charlie had an aged, blown-out face. His complexion was grayish-putty, and his skin sagged, especially around the eyes. The effect was mask-like, as if his features had been gouged into a rubber eraser. His face lacked expressiveness and hung from his skull baggy and immobilized. His left eyeball twitched. 
I knew other guys with similar faces, though Charlie’s was the worst. They’d poisoned themselves with so much cheap alcohol that they’d suffered nerve damage in their faces, and God knows what other physical deterioration.
A Korean acquaintance, who worked at a soju distillery, had grown uncomfortable when I’d queried him about the drink’s ingredients. 
“Soju is made out of potatoes and, uh, chemicals,” he’d replied. 
A horrid thought struck me. Was this the road I was on? Since the Yun Hee disaster I’d been hitting the bottle pretty hard. I ran desperate fingers over my face and flexed the little muscles under the skin. Nick gave me a surprised glance, then rejoined the conversation. Charlie’s hand resting on his knee held a lit cigarette, the glowing tip of which almost touched the matches beside him. 
Wooden matches came tightly packed in large, octagonal boxes with their tips facing up. There must have been hundreds of them in a nearly full box like this one. If that cigarette coal touched the match tips, the whole box would go up like a Roman candle. 
I chose not to say anything, motivated by perverse curiosity. Or maybe I was a little resentful over the ethnic slurs.
Charlie brought the cigarette to his lips.
A question popped into my head, or rather, it must have been rattling around there for a while unrecognized. 
“Do any of you guys know Jon Glass?” I said.
The laughter died down.
“Who?” Nick asked.
“Jon Glass, I think he might be a middle school volunteer,” I said.
“Oh, yeah,” Bill said, “he’s that Tae Kwon Do fanatic, isn’t he? Real big guy.”
“No, he’s not real big, average,” Eric said.
“Actually he’s kind of small, skinny,” Charlie said.
“Who isn’t skinny these days?” Nick said, pinching the minuscule roll of flab on his gut. 
That was true enough, I’d dropped thirty pounds myself in Oori Nara. I thought they were pulling my leg about Jon, but they seemed completely serious. They’d already initiated me into their group with the ethnic jokes, so they had no further reason to jerk me around.
“He’s a university volunteer, isn’t he?” Charlie said. “One of those guys with nothing to do because of all the student strikes.”
“Maybe he’s a health care worker, but I doubt it,” Nick said after a thoughtful sip of begal.
“Didn’t Glass walk from one end of Korea to the other last summer?” Eric said. “He started by the DMZ and ended down in Masan.”
“I don’t know about that,” Nick said. “I do know that he really pissed off the Peace Corps when he started playing a Russian general on TV. Kenton nearly hit the ceiling.”
The others laughed. 
It was Jon I’d seen on the TV soap opera! No wonder they couldn’t describe him. I couldn’t either. He’d seemed to waver on the screen, disguised by the military uniform, a blur of hostile energy. 
The conversation ended abruptly when Charlie’s cigarette touched off the matches. A roar of ignition echoed through the room, and a flame shot up to the ceiling.
“Ahhh!” we screamed in unison.
We tumbled outside into the courtyard, practically smashing the door in our haste. A cloud of acrid smoke followed us out.
“Wouldn’t that be enough to burn anybody?” Nick said.
Charlie brushed the singed hairs on his forearm. The flame-thrower blast from the match box extinguished itself as quickly as it had flared up. We stood around foolishly, hoping that the manager hadn’t seen the pyrotechnics. 
An attractive young Korean woman was crossing the courtyard from the office, a suitcase in her hand. She walked past us, smiling, and set her bag by a room a few doors down.
“What do you think she’s doing here?” Nick asked.
“Let’s find out!” the others said.
Of course, I wanted to make her acquaintance, too, but decided to beg off. She didn’t look like a whore, but respectable women simply didn’t appear alone at yogwans. Something was amiss. 
The others didn’t share my doubts, but swarmed around her like starving barracuda. I retreated to my room. 
With nothing else to do, I played around with my Pentax, wiping its silvery burnished surfaces, pampering it like a trusty old friend. I unscrewed its wide angle lens and replaced it with the telephoto. 
A few years ago, as a poor college student hoping to take a photography class, I’d been shopping for used equipment when Mom had suddenly appeared at school with this wonderful camera. This was not long after good old Ed had come on the scene, so maybe it was a guilt trip present intended to buy me off.
Nick came by waving a piece of paper. “She gave me her phone number, Tyler!”
“That’s great,” I said. “Did you find out why she’s here by herself?”
“I don’t know,” Nick said. “Who cares?”
He left folding the paper carefully and tucking it into his shirt pocket. He seemed like some little kid anticipating Christmas. 
Night set in. Soon it would be curfew time. Outside, the great city began to shut down, its roar of street traffic petering out. 
I rummaged a book out of my shoulder bag, Horror Stories of Ambrose Bierce. A stamp on the inside cover read: “U.S. Air Force Library.” I had no idea how I’d gotten this volume. 
My dim, yellow room light was inadequate for reading, so I moved to the little lounge area around the corner and parked in a battered chair.
The Nam Goong settled into quiet darkness, my little overhead bulb providing the only illumination. Outside, a final street vendor passed the gate clanging his big scissors-like noisemaker. He was selling kim pap, the little disks of seaweed-wrapped rice and pickled vegetables. 
“Kim Paaaaaap!” clang, clang, clang! “Kim Paaaaaap!” 
The voice was sonorous, like a lost ship’s fog horn, making me glad for the shelter of the Nam Goong. In the cigarette smoke above my head, I imagined the visage of the mixed-race boy I’d met at the tabang. He was a cute little guy, and if he survived he’d be a handsome young man with striking Eurasian features. 
His heart would be bitter, though, and twisted from the ugly treatment he’d received. If I’d had children with Yun Hee, they would have looked very much like him. 
Agh! There she was again, barging into my thoughts. Get lost, babe, and take Jon Glass with you! I opened the book. 
Soon I was absorbed in a gruesome tale, The Boarded Window. In it, a man sat in his pitch dark wilderness cabin, grieving over his wife’s corpse which lay on the table before him. From the far depths of the forest, he hears an unearthly wail. It comes closer. My eyes bulged as I read:

Suddenly the table shook beneath his arms, and at the same moment he heard a light, soft step – another – sounds as of bare feet upon the floor!
He was terrified beyond the power to cry out or move. He tried vainly to speak the dead woman’s name ... 

I sensed something moving across the room. I jerked my eyes up to see an enormous rat slithering out of a hole midway up the opposite wall. It plopped onto a cabinet top with a sickening thud. 
“Oh!” 
Then the gate burst open, and a tremendous din erupted in the courtyard. A formidable young man was out there shouting violently. The inn-keeper charged outside and began shouting, also. The two men confronted each other, as if they would come to blows any instant. 
I could not understand a single furious word. The girl emerged from her room clutching her little suitcase. The man dashed across the courtyard and seized her arm. In another moment they were gone through the gate.
Who was that guy? A jilted husband, a brother defending the family honor by removing his sister from this den of iniquity? The other guests stood outside their rooms.
“Does anybody want her phone number?” Nick asked. 
There were no takers.


Chapter 7: Report to HQ
“There is no democracy without strength!” – Pak Chung Hee, ROK president

I was a bit logy when I got to Peace Corps headquarters the next morning. Still, I carried myself with determination. I planned to go straight to the Director’s office and present Mr. Kenton with my resignation. No muss, no fuss, just gimme my airplane ticket home.
The ten story glass and concrete box which included PC headquarters was the most characterless building in Seoul, which was saying a lot. Entering the lobby was a dreary event. Maybe it was because I only seemed to come here for unpleasant experiences – usually for retraining seminars which included inoculation updates.
We PCVs had been pin cushioned by every imaginable shot: typhoid, cholera, Japanese encephalitis, rabies. Worst of all were the dreaded GG, gamma globulin, inoculations against hepatitis. Doctor Kim, or his assistant, would stab this horse needle under the skin of your upper buttock and inject a burning load of GG serum. Sometimes you’d get two whacks. Then you’d suffer the rest of the day while your body absorbed these painful little subcutaneous pillows of gunk.
I got on an elevator alone and quickly realized that something was wrong. The car ascended erratically and seemed about to jerk to a halt any moment. Ominous vibrations accompanied my progress. I made ready to punch the alarm button. 
I finally creaked up to my destination. But when the door opened, the elevator floor sagged several feet lower than it should have, leaving a sinister discontinuity. A small group of people standing in the hall above me gaped with astonishment. I felt like a lowly penitent begging for redemption.
Somebody reached down to help me. Sunlight blaring from the nearby window bank threw him into harsh silhouette, so I could not see his face. I gripped a forearm hard as an iron bar; the hand clasping my arm transmitted great strength like an electric current. I hoisted myself out, or rather was hoisted out like a sack of potatoes. 
“Thanks a lot ...” I started to say, but my benefactor had already moved off with the crowd and boarded the adjacent elevator. 
Inside the office, I asked to see Mr. Kenton.
“I am sorry,” the Korean receptionist replied. “He is out until one o’clock.”
I felt let down – like when you finally muster the nerve to call a girl and she isn’t home to answer the phone. It was only 10:30, so I went to the mail area and emptied my box. 
My mail consisted of the latest PCV newsletter, a sealed telephone message, an official looking envelope from the Bank of America, Seoul branch, and an aerogramme from my stepdad, Ed. I jammed the aerogramme into my back pocket. 
What had motivated that jerk to write me? What I wanted was a letter from Mom saying that she’d finally wised up and divorced the guy. I’d been waiting over a year for that letter, instead I’d gotten one from good old Ed himself. 
I entered the lounge area in a foul humor. The place was empty, except for Bob West who was sitting on a couch along the windows. 
I held my hand up to block the sunlight glaring through the uncurtained windows. I knew the dark outline on the couch was Bob, though, because nobody else had his bulk. My mood brightened considerably. 
“Back already?” he called.
“What do you mean, back?” I said. “I just got here a minute ago.”
“Oh, sorry, Tyler,” Bob said. “I thought you were somebody else at first. How’s it going?”
We shook hands. 
“I thought you were all finished up,” I said.
“Yeah,” Bob said. “I’ve served my two years with no time off for good behavior. I’m just hanging around town a while before heading back to the U.S.”
I sat on the couch beside him. 
“Hanging around E Tae Won, you mean, right?” I said.
Bob chuckled, and his gut jiggled. He was the only PCV guy I knew who wasn’t thin. He’d maintained his bulk while the rest of us had shriveled. 
This girth set well with his good-natured personality, ruddy cheeks, and sandy, boyish hair. He reminded me of certain beer-guzzling fraternity types I’d known back at college. Only a faded black eye marred his genial appearance.
“What happened to the eye, Bob?” I said.
He fingered the bruise delicately. “Not a topic for discussion. Okay?”
“Sure, sorry.”
A few awkward moments passed before Bob changed the subject. 
“Oori Nara will never be the same,” he said. “A whole bunch of us are getting ready to pull out – me, Tom Stratman, Chuck Beech, Jon Glass.”
“You know Jon Glass?” I said.
“Yeah, sort of,” Bob said.
“What’s he look like?” 
A puzzled expression crossed Bob’s face. 
“Jon? He’s kind of ... well, he was just here. Didn’t you see him?”
“No.”
“He left right before you came in,” Bob said. “You probably passed him on the elevator.”
I lit a cigarette and settled back on the couch. 
“Yeah, maybe I did see him,” I said, “or at least his arm.”
Bob gave me another puzzled look. I let it pass.
“So, what brings you here today, Tyler?”
Now it was my turn to be reticent. I fiddled with my mail, then inhaled a deep drag of smoke and blew it out slowly.
“I’m calling it quits,” I said.
Bob’s eyebrows shot up. “Why?”
I shrugged.
“I get it,” Bob said. “Not a topic for discussion, either?”
I nodded, grateful for Bob’s sensitivity. But it didn’t take him long to zero in again.
“Let me guess,” he said after a brief pause. “It’s because of a Korean girl, right?”
“You’re very perceptive, Bob.”
He patted my shoulder. “Try not to take it so hard, Tyler. Why, I can’t count the number of times I’ve been dumped.”
“That’s very comforting, Bob.”
He glanced about the room, then continued in a lower voice. “Have you told anybody else yet?”
“No. I’m going to see Mr. Kenton at 1:00.”
Bob nodded, wheels turned in his head.
“You know, Tyler, it is summer vacation,” he said. “Why rush things?”
“Mmm,” I turned to my mail as a way of terminating the conversation. 
The newsletter front page was festooned with a piece by Charlie Streicher entitled: “Too Bombed to Bargain, an Odyssey of Towering Ennui.” I scanned it briefly. 
It was a humorous tale, written in verse, concerning Charlie’s efforts to shop at a village market while in a state of extreme inebriation. I set it aside. I could come back to it later if I was really desperate for something to read.
I opened the telephone message. It was a cryptic admonition from Ed dated eleven days ago: “Don’t make a move yet. Await letter and notification from Bank of America.”
What was that supposed to mean? I pulled the crumpled aerogramme from my back pocket:

Tyler,
By now you should have received notification from the Bank of America, Seoul branch, concerning funds I have cabled to you from the U.S. Consider this money as a travel fund. 
Take your time coming home and see the world a bit. 
Good luck.
Ed

I tore open the bank letter and read of a substantial sum which had been deposited in my name. I gaped in amazement, the paper hung from sweaty finger tips.
“What’s the matter?” Bob asked. “You look like somebody whacked you with a GG shot.”
I handed over the aerogramme and bank letter. Bob read them with growing excitement.
“Wow! Looks like you hit the jackpot, Tyler.”
“I can’t believe it,” I said. “Ed is the world’s greatest tight wad. Why would he send me so much money?”
“Who cares?” Bob said. “Don’t look a gift horse in the mouth.”
I shook my head, incredulous. Bob glanced around the room again. 
“Let’s discuss this someplace else, eh?” he said. “Find a tabang where there won’t be any curious ears.”
“Well ...”
“Oh, come on, Tyler. The tea’s on me.”


Chapter 8: Chaos Street
The tradition of all the dead generations weighs like a nightmare on the brain of the living. – Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte

We left the building and moved out onto the broad sidewalk with its heavy pedestrian traffic. A beautiful summer day smiled on us, evident even through the choking downtown air. Bob walked briskly, with barely contained excitement. I quickened my pace to keep up, limping slightly on my tender ankle. 
“I think fate is at work here,” Bob said.
“Really?”
“I’d been sitting on that couch all morning wondering what I was going to do,” Bob said, “and then you showed up!”
“Imagine that,” I said.
“You know,” Bob said, “since I’ve been overseas I haven’t seen anything besides a few parts of Korea.”
“What’s your point?”
“The point, Tyler, is that the Peace Corps is providing me with a resettlement allowance. It’s not a hell of a lot, but enough to have some fun with.”
We passed a group of adjumonis, then a couple of young men walking hand in hand. 
“I can either blow the money when I get home,” Bob said, “or blow it before I get there.”
“What’s your preference?” I asked.
“I’d prefer not to waste the money at home doing the same old stuff,” Bob said. “I want to experience new things before I’m old and burned out, but I’m too chicken to go off on my own. I want somebody to come along on some adventures.”
“Like me, for instance?”
“Right! Listen Tyler, if you’re going to be traveling around anyway, why not go together? We can sort of watch out for each other.”
“I don’t know, Bob. I haven’t thought about it much.” 
I hadn’t thought about anything since this latest bombshell had exploded out of my mailbox. 
A plague of high school haksengs crowded the sidewalk, contesting every square inch of space with their book bags. The girls in black & white school uniforms and straight-cropped hair styles that ruined their attractiveness, the boys in standard black tunics and caps. 
“What are these haksengs doing here?” I said. “Aren’t all the schools out?”
“Probably one of those cram academies nearby,” Bob said. “They’re studying for college entrance exams.”
“Let’s get out of here,” I said.
We crossed the street and continued the same direction a while before turning right up the main drag. Big mistake. A street demonstration was gathering momentum, and we had blundered right into its path.
A wall of people approached us from a block away, hogging the pavement from curb to curb, gigantic banners fluttering. Although the great crowd moved quietly, it seemed to project a primordial echoing sound, below the level of actual hearing.
“Cool!” I said.
I fumbled out my camera. Fortunately, the telephoto lens was still installed. It drew the demonstration closer, but the people in it were unreal things, like images on a movie screen. As long as my eye stayed at the viewfinder, I was a godlike being unaffected by whatever might be happening in the real world.
Bob grabbed my elbow. “Come on, man, let’s get out of here!”
I pulled away and positioned myself at the curb for a better view. A large group of college student types were leading the demonstration with a mass of older citizens right behind. Rage preceded this mass of people like a shock wave. Many wore bandages on their heads bearing the slogan Pan Il “anti-Japan.” The banners also bore anti-Japanese slogans.
I fired away with my camera, oblivious to the approaching danger. Somebody began yelling into a bullhorn – violent, rapid-fire shouts punctuated with stock phrases: 
“Japanese animals! Blah blah blah!” Roared the bullhorn. “Jap monsters! Blah blah blah! Down with Japan!”
The crowd bellowed approval and surged forward like some giant, aroused beast. A line of riot police moved in to block their progress. People jostled in front of me on the sidewalk; somebody poked an elbow in my gut. I braced myself against a street lamp and kept taking pictures. 
The police, looking like ancient gladiators in their mesh face masks, moved in on the demonstrators with shields and clubs. I photographed them as best I could, struggling to keep my position as the crowd swirled around me. Then a truck began spraying pepper fog into the demonstrators, and I stopped taking pictures. Even the unreal world of the Jewel Eye couldn’t hide the danger billowing on the wind.
“For God’s sake, let’s go!” Bob shouted.
I needed no further prodding, as the approaching cloud of tear gas spoke load and clear. The crowd around us on the wide sidewalk milled with confusion. Suddenly, a squad of police officers appeared directly in front of us. They shoved everybody off the sidewalk and down a narrow side street. 
We were hemmed in. The crowd moved faster and faster down the alley way, picking up fear momentum. A stampede seemed ready to break out any moment. 
“Tyler!” Bob shouted.
I saw his head several feet away bobbing above the struggling mass of people. I was too crushed in to call back. A man went down right beside me. I tried to pull him up, but the mob swept me away. People coming towards us down the alley turned and ran for their lives. 
Suffocating pressure assailed me from all directions while an irresistible, back breaking force drove me from behind. When I managed to pull in a breath, an acrid whiff of tear gas went up my nose. Water stung from my eyes. Terror shot through the crowd along with the tear gas, driving it on with even more insane power. 
I held the Pentax over my head and simply moved with the mob unable to resist its power. I surged along like some half-baked Messiah leading the multitude, my holy grail-like talisman hoisted in benediction.
Just as I felt about done for, when the last spark of life had been squeezed out of my crushed body, the narrow lane suddenly widened. The crowd vomited out into the wider space and lost momentum. I could breathe again. 
“Bob!”
I found him braced against a wall numbly watching the crowd pour by. I grabbed his arm.
“Let’s get out of here,” I said.
He looked at me through blank eyes.
“Come on, Bob!”
He snapped out of his daze and we started moving at a fast walk. We fled down the street, turned the first corner and took the emptiest route available, then turned another corner. In this manner we outdistanced the crowd and found ourselves in a quite area.
“Look, a tabang!” Bob cried. “Nirvana!”
We burst into the tabang, like a couple of desperadoes escaping the posse, and made for a vacant table. We flopped into chairs. Bob was so flushed and out of breath that I thought he’d keel over any second. My ankle throbbed sharply.
“That was nuts!” Bob panted. “Thank God we got out in one piece.”
“Actually, we’re in two pieces.” I dabbed my watering eyes with a napkin. “Besides, I thought you wanted to experience new things.” 
“Some experiences I can do without.”
A tabang girl came to take our order, giving us a rather surprised look but asking no questions about our disheveled appearance. The fragrance of tear gas must have still clung to us because she wrinkled her nose and stepped back. She was very attractive, but Bob was too distraught to notice.
“Bring me some insam cha,” he said. 
I felt oddly exhilarated now that the danger was over – like someone who had dodged a shotgun blast and was feeling pretty cocky about it. Our drinks arrived, coffee for me and Bob’s insam cha, a grassy-tasting tea made from ginseng root.
My cigarettes had been mangled by the press of the mob, but I managed to fish out a relatively undamaged one. I lit up and took a swig of coffee. Everything tasted new and surprising, as if I were enjoying coffee and tobacco for the first time in my life. 
Bob touched his facial bruise gingerly. “Just what I needed, somebody smacked me again out there.”
“It does look worse,” I agreed.
Bob drained the rest of his tea, then slumped back into his chair.
“Did you know the Peace Corps has a new doctor?” he said. “A woman no less. She took care of me this last time.”
“How is she?”
“Fine, I suppose,” Bob said, “but I don’t like the idea of a female doctor. Can you imagine having to see her for a VD dose?”
Unfortunately, I could imagine the possibility quite well. 
“She’s a medical professional,” I said. 
“I don’t care,” Bob said. “She’s somebody’s mother. She’s this frosty virgin, up on a pedestal, staring down at my wanger!”
“That’s a rather unworkable metaphor,” I said. “If she’s a virgin up on a pedestal, it’s unlikely that she’d be anybody’s mother.”
Bob waved an irritated hand. “Whatever. You figure it out, Tyler. You’re the literary guy.”
We ordered more drinks. Another tea for Bob, while I opted for “morning coffee” with a raw quail egg.
“I didn’t know people actually drank that stuff,” Bob said with a rather queasy expression as I mixed in the egg.
“Hey, don’t knock the breakfast of champions,” I said.
Bob turned philosophical. 
“You were lucky to be stationed in Seoul, Tyler,” he said. “At least you could have a real girl friend, even if things didn’t work out. Man, in the little towns like mine, you’ve got to hang up your nuts for two years.”
“Very delicately put, Bob,” I said. “Anyway, it wasn’t just her.”
“What else matters?”
“The whole set up,” I said. “I wasn’t accomplishing anything. My role seemed trivial and irrelevant. This country is moving ahead so fast – we seem like an anachronism here.”
Bob nodded. “Maybe that’s true.”
“Talk to the staff members who have been here a while,” I said. “Why, a few years ago you couldn’t buy Coke or decent milk. If you wanted something cold, you had to get that frozen bean curd stuff.”
Bob shuddered at the mention of the chocolate-brown, deceptively scrumptious looking concoction that actually tasted like library paste.
“Sounds like you wanted the National Geographic experience and didn’t find it,” Bob said.
“I don’t know, maybe,” I said. “But look around – more and more private cars, sophisticated universities, industrial development, freeways. Korea is like a race horse that’s trying to gallop ahead but is being hobbled.
“By what?”
“By this lousy military dictatorship,” I said, “and by the U.S. policies that encourage it.”
I took a slug of quail-egg coffee.
“And if there’s a war,” I said, “how many of our guys are going to get killed because the Korean forces are commanded by incompetent politician generals? Think about that – Vietnam in spades!”
I was becoming irrationally angry. The Vietnam war had barged into my consciousness, and that always put me in a rotten temper.
“Calm down, please!” Bob said. “Have another raw egg.”
I needed to make a final statement, though. 
“Yun Hee was the last straw. Without her, I have no further reason to stay.”
“I feel your pain,” Bob said, “but don’t you love Korea anyway?”
His question surprised me. “Well ... yes.” 
“And hate it, too, at the same time?” Bob said.
I couldn’t help but chuckle. My foul mood drifted away. 
“Like I said, Bob, you’re very astute.”
“So why jump the gun with a resignation?” Bob said. “You can see Kenton any time. Stick around a while to sort things out. There’s a teachers’ workshop in a couple weeks, right?” 
“Yeah, up in Kangnung,” I said.
“Did you volunteer for it already?”
“I did say that I’d be going, come to think of it,” I said.
“That settles it then,” Bob said. “Why not hang out a couple weeks, then do the workshop? We could leave for Japan in early August and take it from there.”
“Well ...”
“At least think about it,” Bob urged. “It wouldn’t be like we’re married. If we get on each other’s nerves we can split up for a while, or for good if it comes to that. No hard feelings. I just need somebody to get me started out of my rut.”
Bob was talking sense. 
“Okay,” I said, “I’ll put off until August. Then, if you’re still interested, we’ll head out.”
We clinked cups to finalize the agreement.




Two: Summer of Indecision


Chapter 9: Marking Time
Stability, the prime and the ultimate need – Brave New World, Aldous Huxley

The next couple weeks passed in mostly pleasant idleness.
Like clockwork, the VD symptoms appeared, and I went to the new Peace Corps doctor. She was something of a “frosty virgin” after all – a stern, middle-aged Korean woman who brooked no nonsense. She fixed me a sharp glance over her half-moon glasses and commented: 
“In future, be more careful while pursuing your ... outlets.”
She examined my ankle next and, with another sharp look, pronounced it still usable. Perhaps she thought I’d injured it while pursuing my outlets. Then she whapped me with antibiotics and pressed a box of Korean-made condoms, not noted for their utter reliability, into my hands.
“No thanks, I’ve still got plenty of those,” I felt like saying, but decided to just get out with minimum discussion. 
The infection cleared up quickly, thank heaven.
I next went to a Korean dentist for a checkup and was horrified to learn that I’d developed three cavities. What the hell, I thought, he’s trying to rip me off! The diagnosis filled me with apprehension. I didn’t trust the guy, even though he was recommended by the Peace Corps and had a certificate from a West German dental college hanging on the wall. His name, Dr. Uh, did not inspire confidence.
“Show me the cavities,” I demanded.
Dr. Uh thrust a little mirror into my mouth and, angling a second mirror before my eyes, showed me the rotten spots in my back teeth. 
“Well ... okay, let’s get started,” I said.
He proceeded drilling with extraordinary skill, and I felt absolutely no pain. I left his office with new respect and a sense of relief even greater than when I’d escaped the Frosty Virgin. 
Probably the diet was to blame again. The Korean food must lack something we Westerners required. Good thing I was leaving, as I’d soon be bald and toothless otherwise. 
At least I’d overcome my drinking problem. Charlie’s face had put the fear of God in me. It lurked in my consciousness like a ghastly Death’s Head gaping toward my future if I didn’t shape up. 
Only at night sometimes, when Yun Hee’s memory hovered too oppressively in the cigarette smoke, would I take a drink. I’d cut back on cigarettes, too, buying only a few each day from the newspaper vendor. 
To tell the truth, I was getting fed up with my self-pity routine. Deep down, did I really want the permanent responsibility of a wife, or was I just acting out my grief as a sort of literary event? Maybe I was just the star in my own soap opera. 
Sure, my relationship with Yun Hee had been exotic and fascinating, everything about Korea had been. But how exotic would she seem years down the road, after waking up to her every morning? 
Beneath my pain, undeniably, I felt relief.  
Through this all, I wrestled with the resignation issue. I’d approach the PC office, but something would always sidetrack me. When I’d seen the doctor, I intended to visit Mr. Kenton’s office afterwards. But I was so grateful to escape the Frosty Virgin that I fled the building instead. 
I idled in tea rooms and restaurants, visited museums, went to the tourist hotels to browse the shops and drink cappuccino. I took a day trip with the Royal Asiatic Society, an association of mostly Western aficionados of Asian culture, and visited a shrine to a Korean suicide bomber who had attempted to assassinate a Japanese general.
Such bombings were esteemed acts of patriotism during the Japanese occupation of 1910-45. This particular martyr had died in the blast, but the Japanese general had survived with the loss of a leg. Our American tour guide actually knew the General’s daughter in Japan. He said he had to be careful not to make some insensitive remark the next time he saw her, something like: 
“Hey, I just visited the shrine of the guy who blew off your dad’s leg!”
I hitched along with some new PC trainees to visit the Pan Moon Jom truce site at the DMZ. A sad and tense place swarming with military personnel – American, South Korean, North Korean. The granite-faced North Koreans looked pretty grim in their old style uniforms, voluminous hats, and jack boots – like extras in a psychotic comic opera. One of them threw a rock at our bus. 
An American guard showed us the conference room with its microphone wire dividing the table and delineating the international border. 
“If you step this way, you can enter North Korea,” he said. “Get your thrill for the day.” 
We did so, not very thrilling. 
I stayed as busy as possible evenings so as to avoid the booze / bar girl trap of E Tae Won. Mostly I went to the movies. Korean cinematic fare consisted either of romantic dramas or martial arts flicks. My inability to follow most of the dialog seemed an advantage.
American retreads were also available. I saw the Vietnam war classic The Green Berets starring John Wayne as a tough Special Forces colonel. I’d never seen him braver – a ferocious battle for a jungle outpost, a daring kidnapping behind enemy lines. For a guy who’d avoided military service in World War II, he’d sure come a long way.
All shows in Korean theaters began with propaganda blurbs for President Pak and his cronies – guys like Kim Chong Pil, the secret police boss, or Kim Jong Shik (a.k.a. Kim Jong Shit) who was the prime minister or something. 
And always President Pak officiating at another ribbon-cutting ceremony. He had a crass, sunken face that spoke of ignorance and brutality. He was a buta parast, dumb peasant, as my Grandfather Alois would say.
I nicknamed these propaganda featurettes “The Loathsome Cowboy Show.” Sitting in the darkened theater, tuning out the drone of Korean language from the loudspeakers, I could almost imagine myself in Fascist Spain where I’d spent a summer during college. Seoul and Madrid had a lot in common. They both emanated an authoritarian odor.
Carl, one of my college pals, had spent a year studying in Spain. Periodically he’d sent cassette tapes back with his impressions. He was a very conservative guy much given toward seeing the best in right-wing regimes. In one tape he’d referred to General Franco as a “benevolent dictator.”
Carl and some Spanish student buddies were socializing at the university café one time after hours. The authorities apparently suspected that a leftist student meeting was going on because a police squad burst in and starting clubbing everybody. Carl was brutally struck in the head before he could shout, “I’m an American!”
Subsequent tapes did not mention the benevolent dictator.
Plenty of such occurrences in South Korea – arrests of regime opponents, political kidnappings, torture, censorship. As a foreigner, I was insulated from these events, but I could detect the stink. At least in Fascist Spain thousands of American soldiers didn’t have to risk their lives protecting the regime.
At the French Culture Center I saw a movie about an embittered French paratrooper suspected of murdering his unfaithful wife with a quick snap of her neck. 
“These days even the village idiot is a judoka,” the suspicious, though empathetic police inspector told the paratrooper. “And anybody can crack a victim’s neck!”
The heavy rains of the July Chong Ma Chol rainy season arrived. I purchased flimsy bamboo and blue plastic umbrellas from street vendors at 50 won each. The newspapers reported entire hamlets disappearing under mudslides with great loss of life. 
Drunk, partying Americans and/or Koreans came to the Nam Goong some nights. As my room was tucked into a far corner, the racket usually wasn’t too bad. I saw no more rats, though I did hear them scurrying inside the walls now and then. Late nights I spent reading – books, heavily censored American magazines, newspapers. I even read Too Bombed to Bargain. Enough said about that.
This prolonged decompression was better than the abrupt exit I had initially planned. It resembled my departure from college. I’d screwed off a bit at school, not as bad as Victor for sure, but enough so that I did not have sufficient credits to graduate on time. I’d had to go an extra term. 
Then, also, I’d read away the late nights, mainly plays for my Shakespeare class. I’d met Julie, an unbelievably cute freshman, and she’d been hot for me. I was too foot loose and hormone driven to want anything serious, though. I’d wanted to see the world, and here I was. 
I saw nothing of Bob West and had almost forgotten about our sketchy plans. It seemed as if I might drift right through the summer and end up back at the middle school come September. I really didn’t want to leave, but I didn’t want to stay under the circumstances, either. Bob was right, I did love it here. Although often I hated it, too. 
At night sometimes, memories of Jon Glass bubbled up to disturb me. I could almost feel his iron grip on my arm again and see his terrifying figure on the TV screen. But then erotic fantasies would arise in my mind, and thoughts of Jon would fly out the window. These concepts seemed linked, somehow – tangled together yet hostile to each other at the same time.
These sensual imaginings usually involved Kathy Funk. I’d learned that she would be teaching at the Kangnung workshop. We’d undergone training the previous summer in Choon Chun with the rest of our PCV group. We’d spent some time together – talking, relaxing in the rare air-conditioned tabang, nothing spectacular. But I’d always wondered if things might have clicked under better circumstances.
The weather was horrific that whole summer, the cool Chong Ma Chol had never arrived, and the humid mid 90’s temperatures oppressed us. Our yogwans and class rooms were sweat boxes. A quarter of the training group quit. 
Then I’d met Yun Hee and had forgotten about Kathy. 
But maybe things would be different this summer now that I was available again. Now that the weather was more moderate and twenty other PCV guys wouldn’t be vying for Kathy’s attention. Maybe I would stay the second year – if things worked out.
So, I left for Kangnung without having turned in my resignation.


Chapter 10: Misfortunate Sojourn
“People sometimes go in quest of one thing and meet with another.” – Sancho Panza

Kangnung, a small city by the scenic northeast coast, was an excellent location for our English language workshop. For two weeks we PCVs would provide intensive instruction to the Korean middle school English teachers who attended. The Koreans had a good knowledge of written English but lacked verbal skills. They got plenty of speaking practice from us.
Classes during the day, forays to restaurants and drinking joints at night, a weekend trip to the beach. Fortunately, Mr. Jong from Choon Chun was not in attendance. 
Kathy had gotten in tight with some of the female Korean teachers. They stuck together, leaving scant opening for me to approach. So, I just kept an eye on Kathy and waited for my chance. Both eyes, actually, since there was plenty to see. 
One day, between classes, I caught her alone in the teachers’ lounge. I mentioned conversationally that I was planning to sojourn up the coast after the workshop and visit Sorak San national park.
“Really?” she said. “I’d like to go there sometime. The scenery is supposed to be fabulous.”
“Well, why don’t you come along, then?” I said.
She hesitated, and my heart virtually stopped beating. 
“Okay, Tyler,” she finally said. “That sounds like fun.”
We clasped pinkie fingers, Korean style, so as to formalize the yaksok, promise. I’d handled this casually, but inside, my emotions were raging. The touch of Kathy’s finger jacked up my lust meter several notches.
Travel in Korea could be difficult for unaccompanied Western women, so we guys often took PCV girls with us on trips. Usually we’d go in groups, sometimes just two of us posing as a couple. In this manner the girls could avoid being harassed. We’d even room together at the yogwans. Usually this was a familial arrangement. 
Not to say there wasn’t any fooling around between male and female volunteers, but the women PCVs usually seemed more like sisters than potential girl friends. Besides, we were all drooling after the Korean girls.
At heart I knew I was being an idiot and that the chances for a romantic liaison with Kathy were pretty slim. I could always hope, though, couldn’t I?
On the final day of the workshop, everyone posed in front of the school for a group photograph. We Americans sat on chairs in front alongside the most senior Korean teachers. The younger Korean instructors stood on the four levels of stairway behind us. About seventy people altogether. The whole arrangement was very Confucian in its recognition of status and seniority. 
The Koreans looked typically solemn and dignified, while an occasional American cracked a smile. Above us hung large placards bearing propaganda slogans: 

ANTI COMMUNISM
SECURITY THROUGH STRENGTH
UNIFICATION THROUGH THE DESTRUCTION OF COMMUNISM

After the photo shoot and closing ceremonies, everybody cleared out. Since it was already mid afternoon, Kathy and I decided to stay in Kangnung until the next day and get an early start for Sorak San. She was staying with a Korean family in town and they were happy to have her remain a bit longer. 
Everybody liked having Kathy around.
I returned to my lonely yogwan room and dreamed about the coming trip. People were screwing noisily in the next room, which heightened my sense of frustrated anticipation. 
***
The next morning we met at a tabang. Thank God Kathy was alone. My greatest fear was that she’d show up with a girlfriend who was just dying to see Sorak San, and wouldn’t it be nice if we all went together? I drank my morning coffee and quail egg with profound satisfaction.
Then we headed toward the bus station. People watched us, and I felt the “on stage” sensation I so often experienced in Korea. Kathy walked easy and relaxed, as if she were on some American university campus. I moved along beside her, fantasizing that she was my girl. 
I’d grown accustomed to Asian standards of beauty, and Kathy was quite a change with her light hair, blue eyes and faint freckles playing about her nose – she was taller than the typical Korean girl, too. I could definitely get used to these differences, however. 
Her demeanor presented a subtle combination of mixed signals. She drew you along in her wake, paying polite attention, while letting you know at the same time that you were not in her league – unless she chose to let you in. Unlike many PCV girls, she wore make up, very tastefully, and her cologne wafted like a rare incense.
We entered a small kagae to get munchies. I bought some mandarin oranges and shredded squid. Kathy purchased a bunch of grapes which the store owner rinsed under a hose. As we sat on a bench waiting for the bus, Kathy began eating the grapes, shoving each one into her mouth whole.
“You should pop those out of the skins,” I said. 
“Why? They’ve been washed,” Kathy said.
“The skins might still contain pesticide or something,” I said. “They probably spray all kinds of stuff on them here that’s banned in the States.”
She shot me an exasperated look. “Get something straight right now, Tyler. Don’t ever try to tell me what to do. Okay?”
“Okay, sorry.” 
I said nothing further, thus observing a universal law: The better looking the girl, the more crap she can give you.
I declined to eat any grapes, fearing that she might get annoyed watching me remove the skins. So, she continued eating the whole bunch by herself. I lit a cigarette, making sure the smoke drifted away from her. I felt as awkward as some junior high kid on a first date. Soon my mind drifted into its familiar, introspective mode, however.
It was unusual to meet single American women overseas who were as attractive as Kathy. Gazing into my tobacco fumes, I theorized that the reason for this was that the more beautiful a woman was, the more romantic options she had. With so many men interested in her, somebody in Kathy’s league would get snapped up quickly – sexual entanglements, early marriage, etc. 
Years later would come the complaints: “I wish I’d waited to get married / have children ... I wish I’d traveled like I’d wanted to, etc.” 
I’d heard such moaning commentary before. This smacked up against RULE ONE of my core beliefs: People generally do exactly whatever they want and then like to complain about it later. 
The bus finally arrived and we got on. 
En route Kathy became violently ill, and we had to stop at Yangyang, miles short of our destination. I checked in at the first available yogwan while Kathy dashed for the WC. 
“Your wife is sick?” the adjumoni in the yogwan office asked.
“Uh ... yes,” I said, “something she ate.”
The adjumoni nodded gravely and handed me a tiny bottle of yak, some patent medicine type concoction.
“Thanks,” I said.
I sat alone in our room waiting anxiously for Kathy to return. With each passing minute my fears grew worse until I could barely contain them. I spread the yo and ibul out on the floor for her when she came back – if she came back. If she wasn’t already passed out on the WC floor.
My God, I thought, what if she needs to be hospitalized? 
I opened my wallet and fumbled out the blue card listing U.S. army medical facilities. We PCVs were strongly advised to seek emergency care at American military bases. Horror stories circulated about hapless Americans who had blundered into Korean hospitals.
The nearest Army clinic was in Choon Chun, according to the card. 
I spread out my new tourist map. The goddam thing had all the place names written in Chinese characters! I located what seemed to be Yangyang and Choon Chun and measured the distance between them. Not too far as the crow flew, but the two towns were separated by some of the roughest terrain in South Korea, with only secondary roads traversing it.
In my distress, I unconsciously opened the yak bottle and drained it. The taste was unspeakable, like pineapple-flavored battery acid. Again I felt the rubber club strike the back of my head. The door slid open and Kathy entered, trembling and pale. I took her arm.
“You should see a doctor,” I said.
She crossed the few steps to the bedding and flopped down. “Just leave me alone, please.”
***
I hovered around her like a mother hen during the next hours – peeking in, bringing insam tea, buying aspirin at the nearby drug store. 
Last winter, during a retraining session in Taegu, a PCV friend had gotten food poisoning from a hard-boiled egg he’d purchased from a street vendor. He’d actually turned green. Two of us held him up while a third guy hailed a taxi. We’d rushed him to the nearby American military base for treatment.
Yangyang was much more isolated. We were above the 38th parallel here; this whole area used to be in North Korea before the war had shifted the border. I fiddled with my radio. Hell, I couldn’t even pull in the American Armed Forces network!
But Kathy seemed to be getting better on her own, thank God. Her color improved, and except for an occasional foray to the WC, she slept away the rest of the morning and much of the afternoon. Late in the day she sat up, rubbed her eyes, and looked about our room.
“Christ, what a dump,” she said. “Can’t we move someplace else?”
I knew she was feeling better. While Kathy washed up at the public bath house, I found us a better yogwan. Then we went out to dinner and got a private little side room at the restaurant. I was famished and dug in to a full meal spread on the low table. Kathy delicately consumed mandu soup and a bowl of hot, steamy rice.
This was an official conservation day during which restaurants were not permitted to serve rice. But one look at Kathy and the owner had decided to bend the rules. I was served a bowl of coarse barley. 
As we ate, an angry comment hovered unspoken in the air: “I told you not to eat those goddam grape skins!”
But I said nothing about Kathy’s foolishness; moreover, she expected silence. The matter was definitely not a topic for discussion. She consumed her light fare slowly, a little smile playing about her lips occasionally, as if she were enjoying some private joke. Man, if that smile were intended for me, I’d have thrown myself onto the floor and groveled. Instead, I ordered an O.B. mekchu, then another, until I had my first alcohol buzz in weeks. 
At the new yogwan, our room had been prepared for us with a large yo and ibul spread out in the middle of the floor. The little gomah came in with a kettle of hot barely “tea” and some metal cups. He placed these items in the corner and began to leave.
Kathy gave me a sharp look. “Well?”
“What?” I asked innocently.
“Aren’t you going to ask him for another yo and ibul?”
I’d long since given up any idea of a sexual tryst, but I was feeling frisky. The devil was in me, having poured himself in with the beer. I spread myself luxuriously on the quilted bedding.
“Why not share these?” I said. “They take up most of the floor anyway.”
“You get others right now!” Kathy spluttered. “I’m not going to sleep with you. It isn’t ... it wouldn’t be ... NO!”
Not much to misunderstand there. I obtained a second set of bedding and wrapped myself in it, nestling against the wall for comfort.


Chapter 11: A Walk in the Park
“The sensitive are always with us, and sometimes a curious streak of fancy invades an obscure corner of the very hardest head.” – H. P. Lovecraft

I was up early. Kathy remained sleeping in the midst of her vast yo and ibul, however, and I dared not disturb her. Alone, I ventured out into the yogwan courtyard. A glorious summer day sparkled there. Soft, warm air transported floral aromas. Bright sunshine, moderated exactly right by clouds, bathed the world. I felt a deep yearning for freedom and considered jumping on the first bus to anywhere, abandoning Kathy. 
No, I’d have to play out this scenario to the end. But if Kathy wanted to break off the trip and return alone to her town, far be it from me to oppose her wishes. 
A desperate thrashing from the far courtyard disturbed the morning’s harmony. A bird, caught by a spider web, was thumping against the wall. 
“What the hell?”
The unfortunate creature fought mightily but could not extricate itself. The web had twisted into a string which held its feet tightly. The bird was larger than a sparrow and would have seemed strong enough to break a web designed to catch flies. It did not cry out, which made its struggles more terrible.
With a swipe of my bamboo flute, I broke the web. I thought the bird would fly off, but it fell to the ground between the wall and a steel fuel drum instead. I rolled the empty drum away – no sign of the bird. 
“Oh!” 
I tipped the drum and examined its rusty bottom; I scanned the whole area. Still no bird. I stroked my chin stubble. A person of a metaphysical cast might discern some underlying significance to these events. I was simply baffled. 
As far as I could see, many things just happened without any explanation. Benefits rained down on some people randomly, while disaster struck others unbidden and undeserved. Myself, I had never won a single thing in my life – contest prize, 50/50 raffle, nothing. Nobody had ever grabbed me as I walked into a grocery store and presented a millionth customer award.
Yet, my birth date had come up well over 300 in the draft lottery, instantly erasing my worries of being taken for the Vietnam war. Had I been born six hours earlier, my lottery number would have been in the low 30’s, a virtual guarantee of induction. 
Correspondingly, some poor guy a few hours older had been conscripted. Maybe I’d just saved up a whole life time of luck for that single win.
Kathy rolled out of bed and took her sweet time preparing for our departure. The beautiful day advanced unused while I hung around impatiently. Although my earlier reverence for Kathy had evaporated, I didn’t really dislike her. Rather, I’d come to regard her as something to be gotten past as quickly as possible – like a head cold.
I’d never claimed to be Florence Nightingale, but I’d done the best I could for her yesterday. Her illness had put me through some genuine hell. A simple “thank you” would have been very appropriate but seemed beyond her ability to express. Not only that, but my so-called pass of the previous night had hardly been serious, and her shouted “NO!” response was definite overkill. 
At last she was ready, and we moved out into the street. Some small children ran after us shouting, “Hello!” and “Mi gook saram!”
“How are you?” I flashed my politician’s smile and snapped a picture of the braver kids. Kathy merely ignored the little pests.
We boarded the bus for Sorak San, having barely exchanged a word. Was Kathy angry about last night? She wore her usual little inward-looking smile and viewed the passing scenery from her window seat. I maintained polite aloofness.  
We got off at the national park and entered a swirl of Korean tourists. I immediately felt out of place. For more than a year I’d believed myself to be a part of Korea – an awkward appendage, maybe, but still someone who belonged. Now I seemed to be just another dumb jerk tourist with a camera hanging around my neck. 
Magnificent jagged mountain peaks adorned the background, and a sprawling Buddhist temple lay before us. Young Koreans with back packs and pseudo Alpine outfits, including feathered Pinocchio hats, crowded past on their way to the mountain trails. 
Harabojis clad in traditional hanboks walked by with great dignity, their long white coats billowing. An elderly couple posed for a photograph in the temple courtyard. Kathy and I were the sole Westerners. 
The temple complex was magnificent with gracefully curving tiled roofs, ornate wood work, paintings, and carved stone. The building interiors smelled of old incense. I was unable to absorb such complexity. The whole Buddhist faith with its myriad Bodhisattvas, guardians, and mysticism overwhelmed me. 
A sign proclaimed that the original temple had been destroyed by Japanese invaders and been subsequently rebuilt. The usual story. Most Korean landmarks had been destroyed / rebuilt repeatedly throughout the centuries. 
Kathy proclaimed her opinion. “God, how depressing!”
We saw a gigantic Buddha statue and some other cultural artifacts as we circulated through the tourist sites and off into a less frequented area of the park. Late afternoon we stopped at a little restaurant past the crowd fringes, a picturesque locale alongside a rushing stream. 
A small waterfall rumbled in the background. Except for some picnicking middle-aged Koreans doing a round dance, the area was deserted. I politely declined an offer to join the dance. If I’d had a couple of sojus first, I might have agreed. 
Our waitress, Miss Yi, was a pretty, rosy-cheeked teen-ager. I induced her to come outside for some portraits. I photographed her standing by the waterfall and then seated on a rock with a sharp mountain peak framing her. 
For the first time I felt comfortable in the park surroundings. Freed from the press of the tourist crowd, the old Korea was reasserting itself. A wood fire burned somewhere, adding a wonderful outdoorsy scent. Kathy stood around glancing at her watch. Her impatience annoyed me, and I ignored it the best I could.
“You’re leaving soon?” Miss Yi asked.
“Yes, probably,” I said.
“That’s unfortunate,” Miss Yi said.
She gestured to a trail running alongside the stream and explained that it led to a mountain top hermitage with overnight accommodations. 
My interest pricked up. “How long to get there?”
“A few hours,” she said. “If you left now you could arrive before dark.”
I informed Kathy that I intended to hike the trail and stay overnight at the hermitage.
“But I want – ” 
“Do whatever you want, Kathy,” I said. “I’m going up to the hermitage, though. You’re welcome to come along.” 
She wasn’t pleased. Ordinarily, all she’d have say was “I want” and us guys would fall on our faces. Well, not this time.  
We tramped uphill amid a miasma of tense silence. As I negotiated the rocky trail, I could feel Kathy’s hostility stabbing into my back like a dagger. I was being a jerk and knew it. The realization did not please me as it conflicted with my nice-guy self image. 
I stopped and turned around. 
“Okay,” I said, “maybe we should head back.” 
“Too late for that, Tyler!” 
Kathy zipped past. 
“You coming or not?” she called over her shoulder.
She set a pace difficult for me to match on my tender ankle. The magnificent scenery made up for all difficulties, however, especially the sight of Kathy’s ass flexing under her jeans as she climbed. Isn’t this the way of the world, I thought, no matter how smart you think you are, you always end up chasing one of those.
Aside from Kathy’s excellent buns, the scenery included pine trees – mostly small ones, but some giants as well with great, dignified limbs curving over the brook. Ridges hemmed us in on either side blocking the sun. An invigorating scent composed of evergreen and sparkling water filled the air.
The stream rushed more insistently with the steeper gradient, and Kathy seemed to tire. She slackened the pace and eventually called a halt. I sat down beside a large boulder and massaged my ankle. 
Then I paused, startled, as if some ghost had breathed down my neck. Somehow, I knew that it was there on the rock – even before I looked. 
Not that it was large or obtrusive; in fact, I had to search carefully to find the shallow engraving in the stone:

I stared – teeth gripping my lower lip hard enough to hurt. Was this some goddam bad joke? Another unfathomable omen? I ran my fingers over the indentations, hoping that my touch would erase them somehow. But they remained, confronting me with their mystery.
Then Kathy knelt beside me, instantly banishing awareness of everything else. Her face was a bit flushed and she was slightly out of breath.
“Sore ankle?” she asked. 
“Yeah, I sprained it a while ago.”
Then a miracle happened. She leaned over and kissed my cheek.
“Thanks for taking care of me yesterday, Tyler.”
“S-sure ... you’re welcome.” 
She stood and flashed an amused little smile, eyes sparkling. I must have looked comical – a stunned expression on my face, my fingers caressing the blessed spot her lips had touched. Every particle of my resentment vanished into the mountain air replaced by awe-struck worship.
“Just don’t get your expectations up,” she said, “or anything else for that matter. Okay?”
“Sure ... right.”
We continued walking. Kathy allowed me to go first now. Maybe she was tired, or perhaps she’d gotten a bit chilly since I’d been undressing her with my eyes so much. An occasional wooden sign indicated the distance to the hermitage. We hadn’t that far to go, but the steepening trail slowed our progress greatly. 
Without Kathy’s fabulous body to distract me, my mind crept back to the mystery of the rock inscription. 
“Only it’s not a mystery,” my inner voice said, “you know very well what it is.”
The J G stood for Jon Glass – I was convinced of that now. He’d been through here before me to leave his moniker, and among the jumble of rocks I’d found it as sure as if it had been sending out a search light beam. 
I didn’t want to acknowledge the strange recurrence of Jon Glass in my life, but my denial strategy was wearing thin. I remembered that weird story where the guy drives across the US seeing the same hitchhiker ...
It was getting late, and I feared we’d be stuck outside when darkness came. How would Kathy handle a night in the open after she’d been so ill? But we simply couldn’t continue after dark. Even with a flashlight, I’d probably still break both ankles.
Shadows lengthened; gloom soaking out of the surrounding rocks brought dour thoughts. The stream rush, pleasant enough in daylight, became an ominous rumble. Things lurked in the gathering darkness, frightening things. Jon Glass waited out there, ready to suck my identity away like a giant leech. 
God, what a warped thought! 
Kathy came up behind me, so close that I felt her warmth in the dimness. I grew calmer. My life lacked an anchorage, I realized. With the right woman at your side centering your emotions, you could stand almost anything. On your own, all sorts of creepy things twisted your mind.
The darkness increased rapidly. I had almost decided to pitch camp for the night when the trail took an abrupt turn and we stepped out into a broad, flat area. I saw a low building which seemed to be a primitive inn. A tent was pitched nearby, and a campfire spread cheery warmth. Farther on, a small temple type building reposed in the gathering mist.
“We made it!” I said.
“Of course,” Kathy said. “Now aren’t you glad I decided to come here?”
A large, ominous figure approached through the gloom. I stepped in front of Kathy to confront it. 


Chapter 12: On the Mountaintop
One could hear the rustle of the pines and feel the deep, impenetrable mystery that lies at the root of all life. – Karate, My Way of Life, by Shoto Funakoshi

“Kind of late, aren’t you?” a deep American voice asked. 
“The elevator broke, so we had to walk,” I said.
“Elevator?”
I could see the guy more clearly now – his round, clean-shaven face with a baffled look on it, short hair, glasses reflecting the camp fire.
“You’re joking, right?” he said.
“Yeah,” he said.
He laughed, a not entirely pleasant sound. “The wife made some coffee. Come on over.”
“Thanks,” I said.
He led the way to the campfire, his broad back obscuring the flames. He was acting friendly enough, but I had taken an intuitive dislike to him. There seemed to be ugliness beneath his laughter. He introduced himself as a captain in the United States Army, but his last name instantly blew out of my head as I had no wish to retain it. 
We gave our names.
“Lakatos?” he said. “You’re Greek, right?” 
“No, Hungarian.” 
“Oh,” he said.
“I didn’t know that,” Kathy said, without enthusiasm.
People didn’t seem to have many positive associations about us Magyar types. If asked to name a Hungarian, they’d mention Bela Lagosi with his vampire cape and chilling accent. Of course, anyone who’d actually bothered to read Dracula would know that the Count was not Hungarian at all, and ... well, to hell with all that. 
We took seats on a large rock by the fire, and the wife handed us plastic mugs of coffee.
“Thanks,” we said.
“You’re welcome,” she replied, the only words she’d utter.
The coffee tasted great – genuine American brew far superior to the instant concoction I’d been drinking in tabangs. The “conversation” was really a monologue about what a helluva big nuts, take-no-crap type of guy the Captain was. 
He had a desk job now in Korea, he said, and had torn himself away for a brief vacation with “the wife.” Earlier he’d done a combat tour in Vietnam. While there, he’d “passed the test of manhood” by “getting blood on my hands.” 
The coffee began to taste sour, and the air turned colder as the Captain droned on, slashing the air with knife-like gestures. Kathy moved closer until she was pressed against me in the darkness, like some vulnerable child seeking protection. I placed an arm behind her.
I’d never heard my brother Victor, nor any other combat veteran I knew, talk like this. Their battlefield experience must have been such a traumatic horror that they never spoke of it at all, let alone in the macho terms the Captain was using. Maybe he was simply a bullshit artist, or perhaps he really was a war lover type with a lust for violence. The only person who might know was the wife, and she just sat there staring into the flames.
Prior to entering the military, the Captain had been some sort of reserve police officer and had “kicked some ass” during an anti-war demonstration. I decided not to mention the war protests I’d participated in, not that I could have gotten in a word if I’d wanted to. I began to feel threatened, paranoid.
As the Captain droned on, I scanned the ground for weapon-sized rocks and reviewed the submission holds I’d used back on the college judo squad. I knew from experience how effective these techniques could be, even against much larger and stronger opponents.
For a while in Seoul I’d studied Tae Kwon Do, Korean style karate. One of the other students, a big, mean guy with a bull neck, thought he could knock me around with impunity. During one match, I bowled him over with a single leg take down. His head bounced on the wood floor, and I tangled his jacket around his neck in a strangle hold. 
He almost passed out. I slackened the hold; he began to struggle; I choked him again. The instructor broke things up. Of course, these tactics were illegal for a Tae Kwon Do match, but the guy had gotten the message. 
I quit the class soon afterwards, as I seemed to have little talent for the sport. Besides, I couldn’t assume I’d be so lucky again if a similar situation arose.
The Captain was obviously too formidable to trade blows with, I’d have to take him down quickly. Best if I cracked his skull with a rock first, or maybe I could use my camera. I’d feel safer with a .45 automatic, except that the Captain probably had one, too, and was undoubtedly a better shot.
Jeez, get a grip! I drained the last of my coffee. Here I was around this idiot only twenty minutes and I was already thinking in terms of lethal violence. Then, inexplicably, he turned the conversation our way.
“What are you doing in Korea,” he asked. “Just passing through?”
“We’re Peace Corps volunteers,” I said.
“Oh.” A frown creased the Captain’s face. “There was another one of you up here yesterday.”
He stared into the fire, toying with his empty mug. The macho brashness was gone now. He actually looked a bit scared in the flickering light.
I stood up. “Thanks for the coffee.”
The Captain gave me a disappointed look across the flames. Maybe he thought I was supposed to be a fan club member.
“Think I’ll arrange for our lodgings,” I said.
“I’ll go with you,” Kathy said quickly.
We left the cheery campfire and headed for the little temple building. Kathy walked close, her hand dangling casually alongside mine. Our fingers brushed, and soon we were moving hand in hand under the mountain stars. I couldn’t believe this incredible gift from heaven!
At the temple-ette, we slid open the door and peered into a large, empty room with a seated Buddha statue at one end. Candles provided dim illumination, and the place smelled of incense.
“Let’s check it out,” I said.
We doffed our shoes and entered. The floor sagged, and the whole building presented an aspect of general disrepair. It tried to impose a hush on you, as if you shouldn’t be talking at all unless you were making some pious, elevated type statement. 
“God, what a dump,” Kathy whispered.
“May I help you?” a voice said in perfect U.S. English.
I flinched my eyes toward a tall, gaunt figure with a shaved head entering from a side room. He wore the gray robes of a Buddhist monk.
“Ah ... yes,” I said. “We wanted to stay overnight.”
He approached silently, his limbs scarcely moving. I resisted the temptation to look down to see if wheels were attached to his feet.
“You must be Americans,” he said. “I am, too.”
He wore a beatific smile and had a bifurcated look in his eyes – as if he were seeing us and some parallel world at the same time. He reminded me of guys I’d known in college who had done a lot of drugs. Hell, he could have been one of them. Who could tell with that shaved skull?
A second bald, gray-robed figure entered. I was astonished to see another Caucasian – a middle-aged woman this time. She held wooden prayer beads and was murmuring something. She bowed to us, and I bowed back, rather foolishly.
The man grinned, seeming to enjoy our surprise. 
“We are the resident foreigners,” he said. “All the other monks are Korean.”
“Really?” I said.
“Yes. We’ve got hermitage duty this week, so at least we can avoid the tourist crowd at the main temple.”
I nodded.
“The inn rooms are quite small,” he continued, “feel free to take as many as you need. The place is empty tonight. The couple brought a tent, and the ... other one left earlier.”
He shuddered slightly at the mention of the “other one.”
“Sure.” I was getting pretty good at single word replies.
He gestured to a small box by the door. “You may give a donation, if you wish.”
His face had that expectant look people wear when they’re seeking an opening to talk about themselves. Well, everybody had a story. Why not hear this guy’s? 
“How long have you been in Korea?” I asked.
“About six months,” he replied, “mostly at this temple.”
He went on to say that, after doing a lot of drugs in college (I’d been right about that) and nearly killing himself thereby, he’d decided to follow the path of Buddhist aestheticism. His quest had taken him to the campus meditation group, then to Japan, and finally Korea. The first Korean temple he’d approached had not been very receptive. 
“I’d like to go to the meditation hall this afternoon,” he’d said.
“What do mean?” a senior monk had upbraided him. “Six years! You haven’t even read our sutras.”
“They’re written in Chinese,” he’d protested. “I can’t read Chinese.”
“Well, there’s a start.”
So, he’d come here where the attitude was more tolerant toward foreigners. I knew what was coming next – a lecture on Zen philosophy, maybe even an invite to a meditation session. Not that I objected to Eastern religion, I’d even made a study of it. But by trying to immerse myself in Oriental thought, I’d come to realize what a Westerner I was. I interposed a change of subject.
“This other guy who was staying here,” I said, “he’s gone back down the trail?”
“No,” the monk replied. “He headed deeper into the mountains. He said he wanted to catch a glimpse of North Korea.”
Kathy was already edging toward the door, and I swiftly joined her. We made a polite, bowing exit. I dropped some cash in the donation box. 
Outside was dark and clear, magical. Huge mountain peaks towered like cathedral spires, restricting the stars’ illumination to directly overhead. I took Kathy’s hand again, hoping for a romantic stroll and intimate conversation. For a while she seemed to want this, too, but soon she turned our steps toward the inn.
“I’m really beat, Tyler,” she said. “I need to get to bed.”
The campfire was down to dying embers. The Captain and his wife had apparently retired, thank God. The inn rooms were scarcely more than cubbyholes, Spartan accommodation intended for a single person. We selected adjacent chambers.
I was pretty beat myself and prepared to hit the rack. I squirmed out of my clothes and spread a clean T-shirt over the rice-hull pillow. The place felt like a morgue drawer, and I left the lattice door half open to help dispel my claustrophobia. I was almost instantly asleep.
Later, in the deepest time of night, I jerked awake, aware of a presence at my door. The Captain! A vision of him lunging upon me with a bayonet shot through my terrified brain. I tried to cry out, but a finger pressed against my lips silenced me. 
I couldn’t see in the cold darkness, but I recognized Kathy’s scent, her long hair and soft body. She slipped under the covers and cuddled up spoon fashion with her back towards me. She wore a flannel nightgown, unbuttoned in front. I slipped a hand inside, and she turned towards me, shedding the gown in one smooth motion. 
She pressed above me, her body shielding me from the cold, and we moved in perfect rhythm.


Chapter 13: The Departure Begins
When did the unruly sea 
Suddenly quieten down 
And freeze into these precipitous peaks
Vast, sublime, imposing? – Mountains Crimsoned with Flowers, Li Ying

Kathy was gone when I awoke, and for a moment I wondered if I had simply dreamed her into my lonely bed. A trace of her cologne still lingered, though, along with a smudge of eye makeup on my T-shirt pillowcase. Her love fluids, dried to silky sweetness, attended my body. 
She was already prepared to leave by the time I rolled out to greet the day. The Captain and his wife were gone. 
“Good morning, Tyler,” Kathy said. “Sleep well?”
Her voice carried an edge of forced cheeriness.
“Very well,” I said.
I almost added “thanks to you” but held it back. It didn’t seem proper for me to mention the night’s passions, somehow. Kathy would mention them herself when she thought appropriate. 
I almost said, “Is something wrong?” but held onto that as well.
Kathy acted friendly and polite, but with a nuance that kept me at a respectable distance. When I tried to put an arm around her waist, she moved away – not in an offended manner, but more like she suddenly had to get someplace else, to check her luggage or something.
Of course I was disappointed, but what could I do? Our relationship could develop only on Kathy’s terms. I felt awkward, disjointed, as if I’d just tumbled out of a hot romance novel into a humdrum travelogue. 
Kathy led the way down the trail, bounding with the surefootedness of a mountain goat. I lumbered carefully behind, favoring my ankle. I realized that my departure from this phase of my life was beginning. From this point on, every step I took was another one on the way out of Korea. I felt light, transitory, an en route person who wasn’t really here.
About half way down, Kathy paused and said, “Take my picture?”
“Sure,” I said.
She posed midstream atop a large boulder. I snapped one picture of her standing hands on hips and another much sexier one of her reclining, fingers stoking her long hair.
We traded positions and she took my picture. When she returned the Pentax, it radiated a curious warmth. I thought it would be nice to use the self timer and photograph us together, but Kathy didn’t suggest this, and I didn’t want to make any presumptions, “get my expectations up” as she’d phrased it.
After breakfast at the little waterfall restaurant, we left the park. We parted company in Kangnung where Kathy caught a bus for her town. I offered to accompany her, but she declined.
“Goodbye Tyler.” She pecked my cheek. “It was really fun. Maybe our paths will cross again sometime.”
She glanced around, to see if anyone was watching, then gave me a longer kiss on the lips, pressing herself against me. Then she was gone.
I rode back toward Seoul though some of best mountain scenery in the country. I scarcely noticed, however. Was this to be my fate, to have one spectacular woman after another come into my life only to leave again – dumping me in a tea room, a bus station? 
At least Yun Hee had made a clean break, but why this mystifying warm / cool treatment from Kathy? Friends, antagonists, lovers, just friends again. 
Another voice tried to surface in my thoughts, but I opposed it as it didn’t confirm my self-pitying mood. Eventually, by the time I reached Ichon, I was ready to listen.
“Vife, children? Plenty of time later,” my Grandfather Alois said in his thick Hungarian accent. “See de vorld first, boy, haf some adventures!”
Much to be said about this philosophy, I had to admit. The loss of Yun Hee had been very painful, and the fade out with Kathy had been a baffling, melancholy experience. Amidst my disappointment, though, I did feel an undeniable sense of liberation. I was free to be my own man. 
Obligations, the expectations of others – I was setting all this aside and striking out to parts unknown. Kathy had closed the door behind her when she’d entered my chamber, and the resulting feeling of entrapment had been unpleasant, even during the most passionate moments.
I smiled at the recollection of Grandfather Alois – his almost comical accent, his old-world mannerisms. He truly seemed someone from another era. I’ll never forget the way his face lit up when he heard I was going overseas. Dad had grown up in an ethnic community, not learning English until beginning school. Yet, he’d never seemed foreign to me like Grandpa did. 
Dad told me, back when I was very young, that he wanted to travel the world “someday.” He never did, though – marriage and kids saw to that. Hell, he was only 34 when he died. 
How many more good years did I have left? 
I spent a couple days in the Ichon area, hiking the hills and rice fields, exercising my self-pity routine. Then I returned to Seoul and checked in at the Nam Goong. Bob West was there.
“Tyler!” he said. “Where the hell have you been?”
“Took a side trip after the workshop,” I said.
Bob’s face took on an expectant, worried expression. 
“So ... what’s next, pal?” He asked.
“Capshida,” I said. Let’s go.


Chapter 14:  Pusan Sendoff
If you stay around a teacher too long, he starts to get worried about you. – Zen and the Art of the Controlled Accident, by Alan Watts

I handed in my resignation the following morning. A few days later I took a final ride – on the freeway to Pusan in an air-conditioned bus. 
I scarcely glanced out the window as the soulless ribbon of concrete zipped along. This wasn’t the old Korea passing by out there, but a generic landscape that could be anywhere in the world, alongside any other freeway.
The seats were meant for Korean physiques, not hefty Americans, and Bob took up too much room beside me. I’d thought of telling him to sit the hell somewhere else, but hadn’t the heart. He was acting very subdued, a bit frightened, almost. The idea of finally leaving Oori Nara seemed to fill him with apprehension, and he was clinging to me like a security blanket.
Maybe I needed a security blanket as well. It wasn’t so easy to suddenly leave a country that you had come to regard as home.
“Just think,” Bob said. “We are going from one end of South Korea to the other in a matter of hours. The country is so small you almost feel like ... you’re wearing the place.”
“That’s quite a figure of speech, Bob.”
He had a point. The compact dimensions of South Korea did feel comfortable.
“It’s different back home,” Bob said. “The U.S. is so huge that it can overwhelm you. At least I’m from Michigan, so it’s not so bad.”
“How so?”
“Michigan is a peninsula, two actually. It has definite natural limits.” He pointed to a spot on the back of his hand. “I live here, and – ”
“You live on your hand?”
“No, no,” Bob said, as if he were explaining something to a three-year-old. “It’s a map! Michigan’s lower peninsula is shaped like a mitten.”
“Oh, yeah,” I said. 
“Wyandotte, where I’m from, is right here.” He pointed again to the back of his hand, below the thumb.
“That sounds like an Indian name,” I said.
“Right, the Wyandotte tribe once live in the area,” Bob said.
Typical scenario, drive off the native people and then name the town after them. Didn’t most of our states have Native American names? I wondered what the psychological term was for this particular guilt trip.
 “Go north, east, or west and you bump into the Great Lakes.” Bob indicated these locations alongside his hand map. “Canada is right across the Detroit River.” 
I became interested in spite of myself. 
“Michigan feels manageable,” Bob said, “but if you lived someplace like Kansas, there’d be this gigantic land mass all around you.”
This was food for thought, I guess. In any case, it constituted the sum total of our conversation. We got to Pusan late afternoon and purchased tickets for the car ferry to Shimonoseki, Japan. The boat was scheduled to depart the next evening.
Ferry tickets in hand, we walked through a seedy waterfront section of town. Some young louts hanging around the sidewalk outside a pool hall made insulting remarks as we passed – something to the effect that our noses were bigger than our dicks. 
I always tried to ignore such street punks. Bob was not in a good humor, though. He advanced on the leader, glowering ominously. The guy shrank back, visibly intimidated, seeking protection from the others. 
“Let’s get out of here,” I took Bob’s arm and drew him away.  
“I hate bastards like that!” Bob growled.
“I’m learning a lot more about you,” I said. “Geography expert, street fighter. I’m impressed.”
And I was impressed, even though Bob’s physical capabilities probably did not amount to much. His size was largely a flabby illusion, and I knew from our experience in the Seoul demonstration that he possessed little by way of endurance.
We checked in at a yogwan and went for a leisurely dinner at the restaurant next door. The place had a tank of flounder in the middle of the floor; you could order one of these flattened sea creatures on the hoof, to use a mixed metaphor. We relaxed over our seafood meal and listened to the chatter of the young waitresses.
They spoke the lilting Southeast dialect. Every other syllable seemed to be “yeh” spoken with a downward intonation. This rather charming speech was quite different from the dialect spoken farther north. The standard Korean we’d been taught was uninflected and could tumble out of your mouth in a monotonous stream.
It seemed a language well suited to barking out slogans and military commands. Once I’d witnessed some Korean soldiers undergoing training. The commander kept up a constant torrent of invective, punctuated with shoves and kicks. He ordered one poor guy to dangle by his hands from a beam and proceeded to whack him on the calves and thighs with a wooden pole.
Outside the restaurant was dark and chilly with a hint of mist in the air.
“How about a last kettle of makoli?” Bob said.
“Sure. Let’s put on some warmer clothes first.”
We returned to the yogwan and donned our white woolen Cheju Do sweaters. Irish missionaries ran a sheep and pig ranch down in Cheju Do island, along with a woolen factory. They marketed the “hand made” sweaters at Seoul tourist hotels. Right, I’d thought when I’d bought mine.
Yet, when I’d later visited the Isodol Ranch on Cheju Do, I’d seen a bevy of Korean girls sitting on the factory porch knitting away. The sheep were nice, not so the pigs – enormous pink monstrosities quite different from the dark little native hogs. One brute glowered at me with hate-filled eyes and chomped the metal bars of his pen. He would have much preferred to chew my leg.
We had barely left the yogwan when all the electric lights in the neighborhood blinked out.
“Dang,” I said. “What now?”
We stood uncertainly in the dark, narrow street like two lost sheep in our woolen sweaters. Candles appeared in the shop windows, and the hiss of gas lanterns brought a comforting note.
“The people seem well prepared,” Bob said. 
We advanced carefully down the pavement, keeping an eye out for pot holes. No sense providing free entertainment for the locals. Screaming American flopping about with a sprained ankle – been there, done that.
“Where do you suppose the red light district is?” Bob asked.
“I’ll pass,” I said. “I’ve already had the ‘Frosty Virgin’ experience.”
“What?”
I did not elaborate.
We entered a sool chip dimly lit with gas lanterns. It was the usual type of wine house. In the outer area, upended fuel drums with braziers. Standard clientele – soldiers, laborers, idle louts. Pretty much the same as the place in Choon Chun, except that everybody spoke the lilting Kyongsang province dialect.
Sliding paper doors concealed the private rooms where better off customers were being entertained by girls. We were drinking cheap, though, and planned to remain in the proletarian outer area.
“Hello there!” a friendly voice called in English from one of the drum tables.
I turned to see a couple of foreigners waving enthusiastically. 
“Let’s check them out,” Bob said. 
A thin young guy with dark, curly hair stood up and gripped my hand. 
“Good to see you again!” He said in what seemed to be an Irish accent.
“Excuse me?” I said.
“Don’t you remember us?” Even in the dim light, his face sported an alcohol glow. “I’m Father Patrick, from the island, and this gentleman here is Father Clarence.”
A genial, red-haired young guy sitting at the fuel drum offered his hand. “How have you been?”
“I’m pleased to see you both,” I said. “But I really don’t know who you are.”
“Ah, you’re right about that,” Clarence said. “I see it now. Sorry, we thought you were somebody else – this light, this fearsome makoli. It’s enough to addle anybody’s mind.”
“Since you’re here now,” Patrick said, “why not join us for a cup?”
“Or a ‘Glass,’ so to speak?” I said, taking a seat at the fuel drum.
He gave me a surprised look, then broke into a grin. “So, what might your names be?”
“I’m Tyler Lakatos, and this is Bob West. We’re returning Peace Corps volunteers.”
“Excellent!” Patrick said.  
“Speaking of excellent, try some of this,” Clarence said, handing us metal cups of makoli.
The “wine” slithered down to my stomach from where it sent back ominous rumblings. 
“Good grief!” I said. “I thought the makoli in Seoul was bad.”
“Yes,” Patrick agreed, “I think they pump the water for it off the harbor bottom. But you won’t notice after a few drinks.”
I passed the empty cup to Patrick with a two-handed gesture of respect and filled it for him. We drained the kettle, ordered another along with some chicken ribs and octopus tentacles in hot sauce. We told our stories. I liked these guys a lot.
Patrick and Clarence were Irish Catholic priests stationed on a small island in the Yellow Sea. Patrick was the pastor of the church there. He was quite young, but Clarence was even younger, scarcely my age I guessed. They were in Pusan for a couple days on church business.
“Our island is a lovely place – quiet, no motor cars,” Patrick said. “It’s so mountainous that you have to walk or take a boat to get around.” 
“You’ll find the best makoli there,” Clarence said. “An old woman makes it the proper way. Illegal, but who’s going to turn her in? She’s just full of goodness!”
“We’ll be there about a year until a senior priest can be found to take over the parish,” Patrick said. “After that, I’m afraid we’ll have to leave.”
A mournful silence followed. Clarence poured another cup for Patrick and gave him a squeeze on the shoulder. Clarence had a warm, child-like smile overflowing with kindness.
“I see you’re wearing our fisherman sweaters,” he said.
I glanced down at my sweater, daubed at a spot of spilled makoli. 
“Fisherman sweater?” I said.
“Yes,” Clarence said. “Traditionally, fishermen in Ireland wore those. Notice the pattern down the front? Each one is different.”
Bob and I compared sweater fronts. Sure enough, the knitted patterns differed.
“Why’s that?” Bob asked. “Just for a little variety, eh?”
“In a manner of speaking,” Clarence said. “If a fishing boat went over and the men drowned, the corpses could be in a very poor state before they were recovered. Sometimes the only way to identify the bodies was by the sweater patterns.”
Bob and I exchanged apprehensive glances. 
“We’re taking the boat to Japan tomorrow,” I said.
“Happy sailing!” Patrick raised a cup. “And please disregard any commentary about your apparel.”
A wine house girl in a red and white hanbok bustled past, slid open a nearby paper door and entered the side room. She was really cute, like the one I’d met in Choon Chun.
“Did you see her?” Patrick exclaimed.
“Yes,” Clarence said. “Marvelous!”
They laughed and clapped each other on the back like a couple of kids. At first I was a bit surprised at this display. Catholic priests were celibate, right? They were supposed to be elevated beings, far above the carnal lusts of us lesser guys. What a needless sacrifice! My sympathy went out to them. No wonder they drank so much.
“I like our island because it reminds me of Ireland,” Patrick said. “The hills, the greenery – cliffs leading to the sea!”
A dispute was brewing up in the side room the girl had entered. I heard shouts and the clatter of dishes being roughly handled. A burst of déjà vu shot through me. I seemed to be in one of those arty movies where the same scene gets replayed from different viewpoints.
Patrick burst into a Gaelic song, and Clarence joined in, their booming voices masking the altercation developing behind the paper door. I listened raptly, though I could not understand a word. I could almost hear Irish pipes and drums behind the excellent voices.
They concluded their song with a flourish of emotion. Bob and I applauded. The fight in the adjacent room could no longer be ignored. Men and women were shouting violently with a girl’s screeching voice being uppermost.
“Ke Seki! S.O.B.!” she shrieked.
A middle-aged man in shirtsleeves, his necktie streaming after him, crashed through the flimsy door and sprawled halfway into the main room. 
“Oh my,” Clarence said, “I hope we don’t have a candidate for the last rites.”
The girl shoved her head through the smashed door and continued her torrent of invective. Another man, a bewildered and terrorized expression on his face, tried to escape the room. The manager and a crowd of patrons closed in.
“Let’s get out before the cops arrive,” I said.
Tossing some bills on the table, we beat a hasty retreat.


Three: The Long Way Back


Chapter 15: Extreme Passage
A dead whale or a stove boat! – Moby Dick, by Herman Melville

We spent the final day hanging around tabangs and restaurants, walking the streets. The Pusan environs included beaches and cultural sites, but I had no desire to visit them. In my heart I was gone already. Toward dusk we boarded the car ferry for Shimonoseki, Japan. The ship was dark and huge. 
Relations with Japan were still at a low point, and Japanese visitors were being discouraged. So the ship was largely empty with only a modest number of Koreans and a few Westerners on its spacious second class deck. The whole area, except for the aisles, was covered by straw tatami mats. Some storage cabinets completed the Spartan décor.
Bob and I gravitated toward the de facto Westerners’ section in the stern. Two PCV girls were already there. They said they were going to Nagasaki to visit a Japanese family. We tried to make additional small talk, but the girls were cool, preferring their magazines to our company. A thin, reddish-blond German guy named Rolf was also present. 
Rolf possessed a remarkable piece of luggage – a record player, with battery backup, no less. It must have weighed a fair amount. What a thing to be dragging around. Hadn’t he ever heard of cassette tapes? 
“I like that!” Bob said.
Rolf spun an LP, some Chuck Berry wannabe group singing vintage American rock with German accents. The girls glanced over, then returned to their reading.
“I can’t play it once the ship gets going,” Rolf said in good, if overly precise English. “Too much motion.”
He seemed to be around our age, but had a rather serious, lined face that made him look older. Maybe the stress of lugging around that machine had prematurely aged him.  
Just before the ship pulled away, a young New Zealand guy with long, sandy hair appeared. He eyed us with thinly disguised disdain, as if he were doing us some great favor by sharing our section. He shot the girls a quick glance over, decided they were not up to his standard. 
I took an instant dislike to him. He looked like some beach bum who enjoyed kicking sand on people. 
The boat began moving, and we settled down for a long ride. The ship’s mighty engines began their steady cruising vibration under the deck. 
It didn’t take the late comer very long to get on my bad side. One of the girls was reading the business section of her magazine where a graph indicated the monthly stock market fluctuation. The New Zealander looked rudely over her shoulder.
“That’s what I find interesting about you Americans,” he said. “Always your main interest is economics. Screw the rest of the world, eh?”
The girl cringed. He laughed, a sarcastic bark, as if this were the funniest thing in the world. He glanced at Rolf for support, got none. 
“Wise ass,” I said.
He moved towards me. “What!” 
Bob interposed his bulk into the situation. “He says you’re a wise ass. Is there a problem?”
The New Zealander regarded the united front against him. 
“No harm meant,” he said and retreated to a spot against the far wall.
“So much for international harmony,” Bob said. 
I settled back against the steel hull. I wanted to be alone with my contradictory emotions, and this little blow up gave a good excuse to withdraw. A dramatic sunset stabbing through a porthole blazed into my eyes, and I shifted position.
I was depressed about leaving Korea, but also glad to be sloughing off my entanglements there. And I was relieved to escape the mystifying Jon Glass syndrome. The Twilight Zone aspects had creeped me out far worse than I’d been willing to admit.
My status the past 14 months had been neither fish nor fowl; I’d been woven into an Asian culture but had not really been a part of it. It had been fun, but was also a psychological drain. 
This had been especially true when I was with Yun Hee, speaking the Korean language for such extended periods that my jaw ached as if I’d been chewing bubble gum too long. 
“Don’t you think this is for the best, Tyler?” she’d asked on that final day in the tabang. “How could an ordinary girl like me fit into a foreign world?”
She’d taken my hand across the tabang table. Hers was warm and soft. Mine had turned frigid as a corpse’s.
“I’ve never known anyone like you,” she said. “You frighten me sometimes.”
“Frighten you?” I croaked.
“Yes,” she said. “You have so much churning inside, as if your spirit contained a whole second person struggling to come out. You are a very different type of man, Tyler. Your woman must also be very different.”
Lulled by the ship’s vibration, I began to doze. 
As I drifted in and out of wakefulness, I caught snippets of conversation. Some of it was real, I knew, mostly Bob and Rolf discussing music. Other comments were more like half dreams. One of the girls mentioned Kathy Funk. I thought she said that Kathy was quitting the Peace Corps and returning home to marry her old college boyfriend.
I didn’t know if this was real talk or just the rumblings of my imagination trying to tie up the loose ends with Kathy. Later, when I was fully awake, I did not seek verification. More urgent matters commanded attention.
The gathering night was bringing rough seas. The ship’s flat, steady progress became a rocking motion that rotated me against the hull like a rolling pin on a bread board. An edgy silence replaced the conversations. The ship lurched, rapping my head on the steel. 
I opened my eyes to see the deck gyrating in the throes of a developing storm. Tight-lipped expressions creased the faces of the others. Rolf looked more somber than ever.
The sea became steadily rougher over the next hour until the ship was bucking like a psychotic horse. As there was nothing to grab on to, we simply rolled around the straw mats or tried to brace ourselves against the walls. 
“I’ve got to see what’s happening out there,” Bob said.
He stood up and tried walking the few steps to a porthole. The deck heaved so violently that he couldn’t make any progress, could not even fall down, but rather stumbled about like some bizarre drunkard. Finally he tumbled over. 
This might have been comical, if I’d felt like laughing. Crawling now, Bob finally made it to the porthole. He grasped the edge and pulled himself up. 
“Jesus!” he gasped.
He dropped down and rolled my direction, eyes wide.  
“You don’t suppose that’s true about the sweaters, do you, Tyler? That they can identify your body by the pattern?”
“I don’t know,” I said, “maybe.”
“Should we put them on?”
“Go ahead if you want!” My philosophic serenity was unraveling fast.
The ship wrenched like a mad carnival ride. Rolf, the girls, and the New Zealander spread themselves out along the tatami mats so as to allow maximum rolling room. Bob stuck close to me, however, grasping his shoulder bag like a Teddy bear, ready to yank out his sweater at a moment’s notice.
I crawled to the porthole and peered out; the view was terrifying, hypnotic. Mammoth swells, crusted with white foam, surged out of the darkness, materializing in the ship’s lights moments before slamming the hull. Lightning flashed in the distance. The black wall of the ship’s flank rocked crazily under the assault. 
The East Sea boiled like a witch’s cauldron – the treacherous passage where typhoons had wrecked Mongol invasion fleets in an earlier century. The Kamikaze “Divine Wind” had saved Japan then. The wind on this trip didn’t seem very divine. It was a demonic blast. 
“What kind of weather reporting have they got?” Bob cried. “Couldn’t anybody figure out this storm was coming?”
I tore my eyes from the ghastly world outside the porthole. Bob looked about half his usual size, curled up on the mats, his face ashen. Elsewhere, people were getting sick. Unable to get to the bathrooms, they simply threw up in place. Rivulets of vomit moved back and forth along the aisles.
Are these objective events, I asked myself, or merely an analogy for something else? 
This feeble mental gymnastic did nothing to ease the knot in my stomach. Thank heaven I’d eaten nothing since breakfast, or I’d be throwing up, too. 
I slithered down and wrapped myself in a blanket. We all lay inside blankets, adjusting ourselves to the storm’s rhythm. Time dragged past. Maybe you could get used to anything. The ship’s gyrations became predictable.
But then, just as I was visualizing an intact arrival in Japan, a massive blow struck from a new direction, flinging the stern completely out of the water. For a heart-stopping eternity we hovered in mid air, the engines’ dogged churning becoming a frenzied scream as the screws cleared the surface. 
We slammed down with incredible force. Dishes flew out of a storage cabinet and shattered, their jagged pieces tumbling in the vomit. Rolf’s phonograph careened my way. 
“Hang onto that thing!” I yelled.
Sidling like a crab, Rolf crawled after his machine. The dim overhead lights flickered and died. The night passed in violent darkness.


Chapter 16: Japan at Last
“I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read in the train.” – Gwendolen Fairfax, speaking in The Importance of Being Earnest, by Oscar Wilde

Daylight carried the blessed land to us. Perhaps a condemned prisoner, the noose already around his neck when his pardon came through, could understand our relief. 
We resumed our customary demeanors of world-traveler nonchalance. Of course, none of us had really been afraid last night. 
Through the porthole, I saw a bright, sunny morning in Shimonoseki. Such an orderly place, much different from the more scruffy Korean ports. Private cars seemed to be everywhere. Passengers crowded toward the exit waiting for the door to open.
“Aren’t we going?” Bob asked.
“In a minute,” I said. “I hate standing in lines.”
Bob seemed to be turning something important over in his mind. Finally, he spoke. 
“Okay, Tyler, I’ll tell you how I got it.”
“Got what?” I said.
“My black eye.”
“Bob, I don’t care how you got your black eye.”
He shook his head. “I know you’ve been dying of curiosity but were too polite to say anything. Besides, I’ve been to the mountain top and want to unburden myself.”
“All right, shoot,” I said.
“I was at E Tae Won drinking with some buddies,” Bob said, “six of us, and we all had girls. Mine and one other girl were nice, but the rest were real hard core, if you know what I mean.”
“Yeah,” I said.
“Anyway, a fight broke out among the girls.”
“Man!”  
“They tumbled out into the street,” Bob continued. “Of course the two nice girls were getting creamed. A crowd of drunk GI’s gathered around cheering.”
“Ah, yes,” I said, “our uniformed ambassadors of good will.”
“I tried to rescue my girl from the pile up,” Bob said, “but then some GI slugged me. I got up off the pavement just in time to see my so-called friends speed away in a cab. The whole crowd was closing in on me.”
“How’d you get away?” Despite myself, I’d become keenly interested. 
“An ROK appeared from out of nowhere. ‘Follow me!’ he says. I had nothing better planned, so I did. We ran through back alleys until I was safely gone. The whole thing was Terror City.”
“That’s some story, Bob,” I said.
“Yeah.” A melancholy smile crossed his face. “It’s all over now, the good and the bad stuff.”
The little crowd at the exit moved out, and we followed. Rolf bid us a cordial farewell. The girls and the New Zealander disappeared unlamented. 
“Maybe our paths will cross again,” Rolf said.
“Yeah,” Bob said, “be sure to bring the record player.”
My body carried a rocking sensation onto dry land. I breathed deeply. The atmosphere was nothing special, just dockside air, but it carried a sweet buoyancy. 
“It’s great!” Bob said.
We sniffed the air like judges at a florist convention. 
“Yeah,” I agreed. “The authoritarian stink is gone.”
Bob looked puzzled, then nodded. 
We walked out of the dock area. The busy street seemed like some parallel universe to Korea – neater, more organized. The people looked similar but were better dressed and more prosperous. Freedom was in the air. 
“Korea will feel like this someday,” I said. “Once they get rid of those bastards running the government.”
Bob turned toward the harbor and blew a kiss. “Good luck to them!”
And that was our final good-bye to Oori Nara.
I was in charge of the itinerary by default. Whenever I’d pulled out my guide book to ask Bob’s opinion he’d always said: “Anyplace you pick is fine!”
So, I made a decision – time to eat. We entered a small restaurant and took a table in the main area. People glanced up briefly then went back to their meals. A girl took our order. All I could read were the numbers, so I simply pointed to reasonably priced menu items and hoped for the best. I was pleasantly surprised to be served a delicious noodle dish, and a pungent soup.
I’d been the top Korean language student in our PCV group and had seldom experienced difficulty with day-to-day talk. Here I felt major frustration. At least I could handle the chopsticks, and I dug into the noodles with gusto. Bob busied himself writing in a notebook.
“What’s that?” I said.
“I’m keeping a trip diary.” Bob handed over the notebook.
The first line read: “It was a rough voyage from Pusan.” The next line concerned the landing at Shimonoseki.
“You didn’t write much about the boat ride,” I said.
Bob shuddered. “I’ll write more about that later.”
I laughed. It was easy to laugh, now that the danger was over. 
“What’s the title of this travelogue?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” Bob said. “How does An East Asian Tour sound?”
“Not much of a ring to it,” I said. “How about, Tour de East Asia?”
“Yeah, that’s better, Tyler. What’s ‘East Asia’ in French?”
“Beats me.”
Bob spooned up soup – quiet and thoughtful. Then inspiration struck. 
“I’ll call the journal Das Road,” he said.
“Excellent!” I said. “It has not only a whimsical, pseudo-foreign sound but metaphorical resonance as well.”
“I agree,” Bob said, “whatever that means.”
He closed the notebook. The cover was printed to look like blue denim and sported the English notation “Seminar Note Book for Young Fashion.” Toward the bottom was a picture of two little kids in a bucolic setting with lambs and birds. It looked incongruous in Bob’s large hands. He wrote DAS ROAD in bold, felt tip letters along the top. 
“Here’s to Das Road ahead!” I toasted.
We clinked tea cups. A drop sloshed onto the diary cover, smearing the ink.


Chapter 17: Good Times

From the Das Road diary, by Bob West
We boarded a ferry for Osaka via the Inland Sea. What could be better after a harrowing ocean passage than another boat ride? But there’s beautiful weather and fabulous scenery. Best of all, the water is calm. 
From Osaka, we’ll head for Kyoto. Tokyo next, then on to climb Mount Fuji. 
Maybe I’ll pass on the mountain climbing part. Fuji has become an obsession for Tyler, a kind of spiritual quest. He even uses Fuji film in that camera of his. But for me the whole thing just sounds like a lot of pain.
I wish he’d lighten up. Right now, for example, there’s a beautiful Japanese woman standing at the rail in front of us. This sensuous female shape framed by glittering water. And what’s Tyler doing? Reading another book, Inside the Third Reich no less! 
I don’t want to give a negative impression. Sure, Tyler’s a little odd, but aren’t we all a bit nuts in some way? He gives me a sense of life’s possibilities. Like when I fronted off those punks in Pusan, or that New Zealand jerk. Having Tyler around made me almost wish that a fight had broken out.
 “Hiroshima is that direction,” Tyler said at one point, gesturing over the water. “Do you think we were justified in dropping an atomic bomb there?”
How was I supposed to answer – and on such a glorious day as this one? All I know is that the big leaders never consult guys like me when they make their death decisions. The President didn’t ask me if I’d like to go to Vietnam, all I got was a notice ordering me to Fort Wayne for an army physical.
The worst day of my life. Plodding along with a bunch of other depressed guys like cattle, being manhandled and jabbed with needles. I saw my entire life going down the sewer. But by some incredible miracle I failed the physical exam and escaped getting drafted. I don’t know the exact details – I was too overweight, my blood pressure sucked, whatever. 
I’ll never forget the mournful faces of the other guys. How many of them got killed or maimed in Vietnam, or came back crazy? God bless them all.
We churned on towards sunset. Long shadows moved across the boat, and the water sparkled golden. Tyler braced his camera on the rail and leaned down to compose a picture. Suddenly he jerked upright as if he’d gotten an electric shock. I thought the camera was going overboard. He stared at the rail for several seconds, then retreated back inside. 
What the hell? I examined the railing. Something was written in blue felt tip – Korean text along with the English letters “J G.” I couldn’t make out the Korean words as the light was dim, and my knowledge of written Korean is also pretty dim. 
Why all the fuss? Tyler sure has his strange moods. 
Kyoto
We caught the train to Kyoto and checked into a pension. Mrs. Hirao, the owner, was gruff and unfriendly. She didn’t display the Japanese hospitality I’d heard so much about.
“Well, it’s cheap,” one of the foreign lodgers said. “That’s why we’re all here.”
The place accommodated numerous bedraggled “world travelers.” Some had been wandering for years. Mostly they hung around the hostel talking about where the cheapest deals could be had. They were okay, I guess, but I didn’t leave any valuables lying around.
“See the Imperial Palace in Tokyo,” one guy said. “I was there when Nixon resigned. I listened to his speech on the radio. What a rush!” 
We toured the ornate temples of Kyoto, then Nara. Boring after a while. 
Everything is so neat and well organized. I think the girls are prettier than in Korea, but I’d never say as much to Tyler. He’s still bummed about his Korean girlfriend. He regards the whole thing as a blown opportunity. Or was it just an opportunity to get blown? Better not say that either.
Bid a fond farewell to Mrs. Hirao and got on the Shinkonsin bullet train. As we approached Tokyo, Mount Fuji hulked in the distant haze. 
“Look!” Tyler practically climbed out the window taking pictures.
Tokyo
The first thing we did was dash to the McDonald’s franchise. In Korea, burgers & fries were available only at U.S. army bases, if you had black market dollars. 
“This isn’t very dignified,” Tyler said as we hurried down the street.
“Right!” I picked up the pace.
Usually we ate at Japanese restaurants with wax menu items in the window. Such an exciting city! Daytime sightseeing, Imperial Palace, etc. 
Nights were best. Blaring neon signs everywhere, bustling crowds, bars, gambling joints. Pachinko was the big draw at the gambling parlors. Looking in from the street window, I saw rows of flashing devices like small upright pinball machines. People fed in little steel balls and flipped levers, as if they were in a trance. 
“Let’s go in,” I said.
We were nearly through the door when we noticed a guy in a puffy green cap sitting at a machine. He was turned our direction just enough so that we could tell he wasn’t Japanese. Tyler stopped cold. He looked really pale, but that might just have been the crappy lighting. 
“Think I’ll pass,” he said. “Those people look like robots.” 
I’m very suggestible. Once I was enjoying some bread until somebody told me it was made from zucchini. Then I didn’t want it any more. I didn’t want to play with robots, either.
Funny thing is, I don’t mind zucchini itself, it’s just the word “zucchini” that turns me off. If it had a cool name, I’d like it better.
We wandered into a flashing, blasting hostess bar. Two Australian girls were performing on a little stage. Their outfits were scanty to say the least (or most). Later they joined us for a drink. The next night, some Japanese college students eager to practice English treated us to food and booze. 
Then on to Mount Fuji. Time to grim up.


Chapter 18:  Mount Fuji, Ho!
Random chance was not a sufficient explanation of the universe. Random chance was not sufficient to explain random chance. – Stranger in a Strange Land, by Robert A. Heinlein

Tyler’s Account
The Jon Glass inscription appeared again – on the boat railing this time. Just as I was getting into the rhythm of the trip, this jarring reminder of the past materialized. 
Bob said that Jon was leaving Korea. It is possible, therefore, that he’s taken the same route as us. But there must be numerous ferries on the Inland Sea, why did I happen to be on the same one? Who is this guy, why do I keep finding evidences of him? And that creepy dude at the Pachinko parlor ...
Anyway, things went pleasantly enough. Bob was lots of fun, if you didn’t try to out drink him. 
***

From the Das Road diary, by Bob West
The bus dropped us part way up Mount Fuji, and we began climbing amid a sizable crowd. I felt awkward amid so many compact Japanese. We were the only foreigners. Soon we were above the tree line and the slope was all stones, cinders, and crap. 
I began to have second thoughts. I shouldn’t have allowed myself to get carried away by Tyler’s enthusiasm. I wished that somebody would carry me away to a comfortable hotel! 
Tyler said the trail was not particularly difficult, but I was wearing out fast. Many Japanese hikers had large backpacks, walking staffs, and heavy parkas. How cold was it supposed to get anyway? Hopefully my Cheju Do sweater would be sufficient. I hadn’t needed it yet, as I was plenty overheated without it. 
The scenery was dramatic, but I was in no mood to enjoy it. The trail became steeper, and I had difficulty breathing the thin air. 
Finally we reached the “guest house” that was to be our overnight lodging. The plan was to move on early the next morning and catch the sunrise on the upper slopes. Think I’ll pass on that. If the air gets much thinner I’ll be going into cardiac arrest. 
The lodge didn’t look bad from the outside, a one-story building made of wood and stone, but once we got inside, my kibune plunged. (That’s  Korean for “spirits” or “morale”) The place was set up like a concentration camp barracks with tiers of sleeping shelves reaching up to the ceiling. We were supposed to pack ourselves onto these like cord wood. 
Numerous Japanese peered at us from the sleeping platforms. I half expected to see prisoners in striped uniforms among them. But what else could we do, camp outside on the rocks? At least it was friendly. Our two spaces were on the top shelf, and Tyler went up to check things out. 
“God damn it!” Tyler said loud enough to stop conversations below.
He bounded back down with a major league grim expression on his face.
“What’s wrong?” I said.
“I’m just so sick of this, Bob!” he said.
He asked the manager if we could move, but the guy said we’d gotten the last two spots available. I was totally confused, and embarrassed, too. Tyler climbed back up and I joined him a few minutes later. 
I don’t know what the big complaint was about. Our spots didn’t seem worse than any others. Each was only about two feet wide and maybe six feet long. Fortunately, the other inmates were still below so we had some room to maneuver. 
Hunched beneath the ceiling, we spread out our things, organized them, and repacked our bags more efficiently. The light was pretty low and somehow I managed to jam Tyler’s Cheju Do sweater in with my stuff. On the support beam by his space, Tyler had fastened the torn-off front cover of Inside the Third Reich. 
“Can’t say much for your taste in interior decorating,” I joked.
Tyler didn’t answer. He was tense, upset. Later, when he went out to the john, I peered under the book cover. Damned if somebody hadn’t written Korean words on the beam in blue felt tip, along with the English letters J G. Just like the inscription on the boat railing.
Who the hell was doing this – Tyler? What would motivate him to secretly write some bizarre Korean message and then freak out as if somebody else had done it? 
It had to be Tyler writing this, who else? Unless you wanted to believe that somebody was going on ahead and leaving little souvenirs for us to stumble on. I didn’t know which idea was more twisted, so I decided to think about food instead. 
The staff was cooking large pots of curry rice and we all dug in, washing it down with tea. None of the Japanese spoke English, or else they were too embarrassed to try. They shared their munchies with us. I think more than one joke was told at our expense.
I informed Tyler of my plans to descend solo in the morning, and we arranged to meet tomorrow at the tourist hotel we’d seen from the bus. I was wondering how we’d be able to squeeze onto our shelf. When the lights went out, though, Tyler stayed on the ground floor, sacking out alone by the doorway.


Chapter 19: The Great Climb
The dirt mound from which Emperor Yao addressed the people was only three feet high, yet he is remembered through the ages. The builders of the Great Wall are forgotten. – Chinese proverb

Tyler’s Account
Bob cut out early and headed back down. I am frankly surprised that he made it this far. It’s good to be on my own for a while, if you call being sandwiched into a crowd of Japanese hikers as being “on my own.”
My ascent was delayed because I couldn’t find my Cheju Do sweater. I tore apart my bags, searched the area repeatedly, gestured my predicament to the other hikers – all without result. Dark thoughts of thievery descended on my brain. 
Then it struck me. Bob must have packed my sweater in with his own stuff yesterday. The dumb oaf! How did he manage to do that? Worse yet, how come I hadn’t even noticed? 
I’d been distracted, that’s why. My mind had been in turmoil, and somebody could have swiped all my possessions without my noticing. That damned inscription had popped up again, written on the wood right by my sleeping area! The Jon Glass beacon. Of all the trails and lodges on Mount Fuji, I had to pick this one spot. 
Something weird is going on, way beyond the realm of coincidence. I’m feeling more and more like that guy in the horror story who keeps meeting the same hitch hiker. 
“Helloooo,” the hitch hiker calls. “Going my way!” 
Finally the guy flips out when he learns that he’s actually dead. 
To hell with all that! I’m here, in the living flesh, and I’m not going anybody else’s way. 
I put on my warmest available clothes, two short sleeve shirts, and headed outside. The Japanese were wearing parkas. Maybe this was a bit of overkill, but I sure wouldn’t have minded some kind of outer garment. The trail steepened, requiring a fair amount of effort. If I’d had a jacket, I’d have unzipped it to allow cooling air inside. As it was, I was plenty cool. The encroaching damp mist increasing my paranoia. 
Who wouldn’t be paranoid in my place? I’d thought that I’d left all this Jon Glass business behind in Korea, now it was reaching out for me again. I didn’t understand it, and that scared me. Maybe I couldn’t understand it no matter how hard I tried. 
Think of a boxer pinned against the ropes, holding his arms up to shield himself from a rain of punches. How much understanding does he require? All he needs is the ability to endure and to slip away from the danger. And I would endure this. Something was trying to screw with my mind – with my basic sense of identity. 
But I’d come here to climb Mount Fuji and, by God, I would!
Sunrise was a disappointment, just a vague spot of light in the icy mist. I stopped to watch with a crowd of other hikers, moving around in place to keep as warm as possible. Many cameras clicked, but I didn’t pull out Jewel Eye. The fabulous sunrises I’d heard about must be reserved for clearer weather, or maybe I just wasn’t high enough. Speaking of being high, I wouldn’t have minded a stiff drink about then. 
My lack of protection against the cold depressed me, the presence of so many other people robbed the mountain of spiritual power. What was I doing up here, anyway – seeking some half-baked Zen insight?
I’d romanticized the old bromide that one must climb Mount Fuji to obtain wisdom. Mount Fuji was supposed to be sacred, but why? It was really nothing more than a pile of rocks. The mountain’s significance came through the multiplication of its component parts. It influenced you to the extent that you permitted.
This worship of gigantism seemed to be a fundamental human error. On Mars there’s a volcanic mountain 7½ times the altitude of Fuji, with a base the size of Arizona. Would that make it 7½ times as sacred? The Grand Canyon is also regarded as sacred, but Mars has a huge gash that could swallow it many times over. 
I wondered how many people had died fighting over sacred places and sacred doctrines while all the time failing to realize that they, themselves, were the pinnacle of creation. I wouldn’t claim God-like power or longevity, but why should I feel insignificant when staring out on this cloudy mountain vista? 
Maybe I did gain an insight after all. In any case, the cold was penetrating right through me and I simply couldn’t go on to the summit. Somebody barreled up the trail behind me, passing the other hikers.  
“Excuse me, man.” He brushed past me. “Interesting up here, eh?”
An odd chill seemed to accompany him, a couple of degrees cooler than the already frigid air. He continued the ascent at a blistering pace. His jacket collar was turned up, and he wore a rather odd, puffy green cap. I couldn’t see much of his features, but he certainly wasn’t Japanese – more like a human mountain goat. 
He paused in his headlong rush and looked back down at me for a few seconds, a little smile seemed to play on his lips. Then he was gone.
I took the express route back, charging down a slope of loose stones and dead cinders, my shoulder bag flying back in a slipstream of black, dusty cloud. 
“Yahoo!” I cried. “Freeeeeee!”
Anyone hearing me rave might have thought I’d gone nuts, but nobody was around. I’d left behind the bovine crowd still toiling upwards. I began sliding in a skiing type motion, nearly tumbling over a couple times. I made incredible progress, rapidly blowing off the altitude gained by so much tedious hiking. 
I reached the lower slopes and headed for the tourist hotel where I was supposed to meet Bob. I cleaned up as much as possible in the lobby bathroom, but it was a lost cause. I’d require a full shower to get all the black grime off myself. I peeled off the top shirt; the one beneath was somewhat cleaner. 
Next stop, the elegant hotel restaurant for lunch. 
The Japanese wait staff was very polite, bowing to me and smiling as if I were some VIP. I can only imagine what they were thinking. Something like: “God, look at this dirty Yankee!” 
Bob joined me at my table. He looked neat and refreshed, as if he’d just stepped out of a toothpaste commercial.
“I’m sorry, Tyler,” he said. “Somehow I packed your sweater in with my stuff.”
Anger surged in my heart. I wanted to slug him, or at least scream a few obscenities. But then I recalled the “expedition behavior” philosophy of my wilderness survival course. Be tolerant of your companions’ failings, it taught, you never knew when you’ll screw up yourself and need their forbearance. 
I pasted on a smile. “No problem, Bob, I didn’t miss it.”


Chapter 20: The Fringe of China – Taiwan
I had throughout the faint feeling that everything was not square. – Thurnley Abbey, by Perceval Landon

Things were expensive in Japan, and we’d soon blow so much money that we’d have had to curtail the rest of our trip. In keeping with our no-expectations agreement, I told Bob it was all right if he chose to stay. 
He preferred to come with me, though. I was glad. 
He wasn’t enthusiastic about Taiwan, “Nationalist China,” but we won’t be there long. After that comes Hong Kong, and when I told him about the gambling casinos in next-door Macau, his eyes lit up.
In the morning, we rode the subway train out toward the Tokyo airport. The car was largely empty when we got on, and we took seats facing the door. As we neared downtown, however, briefcase toting “salary men” started packing on. Soon it was standing room only. The air became stale. 
The train made a stop, and a few lucky individuals escaped. Then a powerful surge of salary men thundered aboard, uniformly dressed in dark, militaristic business suits, their faces blank. Wordlessly they occupied every cubic inch of space, compacting the flesh of anyone in their way. The car filled to the bursting point. 
The onslaught pressed Bob and me into our seat; a black wall of business suits hovered over us. My claustrophobia kicked in big time. I felt suffocated, on the edge of panic. I looked over at Bob. He managed a smile for me. 
“You know, Tyler,” he said, “we don’t do very well in crowds. Remember the street demonstration in Seoul?”
“Yeah.”
“Compared to that, the boat ride from Korea was party time,” Bob said. “At least we had rolling space. And that record player! I wonder if Rolf is still dragging it around.”
I managed a chuckle, and my terror retreated slightly. Bob launched a barrage of humorous banter – satirizing Rolf’s German accent, imitating the gruff mannerisms of Mrs. Hirao, lauding the sexiness of the Australian bar girls. His obvious intent was to distract me from my suffering, and I was glad to play along. 
At last we moved beyond the downtown area, the car emptied out again, and the Bob West Comedy Hour shut down. I’d been tempted to chide Bob for taking my sweater, but had said nothing. Now I’d gotten a wonderful pay off, about which – in the emotionally constipated manner of guys – nothing would be said about, either.
We caught our plane to Taipei. Bob seemed rather morose, so I tried to cheer him up.
“This is a great opportunity to see authentic Chinese culture,” I said. “The Communists have wiped out many traditions on the mainland. They even abbreviated the written characters.”
“Is that so?” Bob said.
One of my PCV friends in Korea had majored in East Asian studies and was excited by the prospect of getting Chinese language radio broadcasts from the mainland. But when she tuned in the station, all she got was a non-stop propaganda harangue:
“Chairman Mao says: blah blah blah!” The announcer cried. “Chairman Mao says: blah blah blah!”
The announcer’s tone was strident, frantic, as if he feared that somebody would put a bullet through the back of his skull if he didn’t quote Chairman Mao correctly.
Bob turned quizzical. “How come there are so many countries we can’t visit, Cuba for instance? I’d like to see Cuba.”
“Beats me,” I said, “Maybe it’s because the U.S. is so powerful that we think we need a lot of enemies – kind of a status symbol.”
“Yeah, but Cuba, what kind of enemy is that?” Bob said. 
“Castro stepped on our toes, and we have to keep making him pay for it,” I said.
“Yeah, but how much longer – ten, twenty years? Imagine, 2001 rolls around and you still can’t visit Cuba.”
I laughed. “Not even our government would be that dumb!”

From the Das Road diary, by Bob West
Taipei sure is a change from Tokyo, and hot, too. We only stayed long enough to see the National Palace Museum and wander the streets a little.  
Alishan
Next day, we headed south to the mountain resort of Alishan. For the last leg, we boarded a narrow-gauge train. The rusty old steam locomotive looked like it couldn’t even pull out of the station. It took us into the high mountains, though.
The climate began to change. We’d started in a jumble of tropical-type vegetation, including giant poinsettia bushes. As we chugged uphill, the bushes became smaller, then disappeared along with the other odd-looking plants. By the time we reached the top, evergreen trees grew straight as telephone poles.
“Fantastic!” Tyler said.
“Sure beats walking,” I said. 
A solid mass of clouds spread below us with mountain peaks jutting up here and there. We checked into the excellent hotel. Tyler headed back outside with his camera, but I stayed in to enjoy a marathon shower.
At dinner we met a young unmarried couple. Talk about a great place to bring a girl! Unfortunately, they were one of those super dull couples, always gazing into each others’ eyes and holding hands. They’d have little spats, then kiss and make up. You could hardly talk to the girl. If you asked her a question, she’d look over at her boy friend and he’d answer for her.
“God, what boring dinner conversation,” Tyler said afterwards.
The wind kicked up in the night, like thunder roaring through the trees. Tyler headed outside again. He knew better than to ask me along.
The Edge of Weirdness
The next day, we rode a bus along the west coast. Spectacular scenery with hills reaching down to the empty coastline, jagged rock chimneys in the water. 
We arrived at some sort of research station at the southern tip of Taiwan. We wandered about the grounds a while, usually on the paved walkways, but sometimes shuffling through the high grass. Inside the station, a poster showed colorful snakes and lizards. 
“What’re these?” I asked.
“Poisonous reptiles,” an official explained. “Last year a visitor was bitten in the grass out front and died.”
“Oh, really?” Tyler said.
He was trying to act casual, but he’d turned a shade paler. You should have read that guidebook a little closer, pal! 
We went for a long, rambling walk to the Edge of Weirdness. I usually avoided such excursions, but what was the alternative, stay behind and look at the snake poster?
The wind got worse until it was almost pushing us along. The rolling landscape was treeless, and heavy clouds whipped by overhead. The crumbled white walls of a ruined building sat on top a low hill. Tyler wanted to check it out, but I refused since we’d have to walk over open ground to get there, and that meant snakes. To my surprise, Tyler didn’t argue.
We continued on to a cemetery. The atmosphere inside was other-worldly. You could almost feel ghostly presences wandering among the tombstones with their red Chinese characters. We became separated for a while, and I got pretty spooked. Not another living soul was around.
We approached a strange, blocky mausoleum type building with high pink columns and a tiled roof. We stood for a while in the protection of the porch and observed the wind howling through the little pine trees and over the cement grave mounds. 
I was badly creeped out, but Tyler looked full of energy and excitement. I half expected him to spread his arms and fly like a kite in the awful breeze. 
“You know, Bob,” he said, “in the Taiwanese folk religion, just about anything can be worshipped – evil spirits, trees, corpses floating in rivers – maybe even the wind.”
“Thanks, Tyler, I really needed to hear that.”
He began snapping pictures. I turned away as I didn’t want any evidence that I’d ever been to this Zombie Land place.
A gruesome sight confronted us as we left the cemetery. A dead cat hung from the gate, a cord around its neck. The snarling look on its face showed that it had died in great agony. 
“My God!” I said. “Was this here when we came in?”
Written on the gate, beside the dead cat, was the same inscription I’d seen on the ferry and on Mount Fuji. 
Tyler turned ashen. “Let’s get out of here!” 
He practically ran back. I fell farther behind until I could scarcely see him. 
“Who the hell did that?” I yelled into the wind, but I got no answer.
Again, I suspected Tyler. We’d been separated a while, after all. But that cat – was Tyler capable of doing such a horrible thing? I didn’t want to even think about it. Something terrible was happening way beyond my ability to understand. 
Penghu
The next day we went to the Kao-hsiung and caught a boat for Penghu, the main Pescadore Island. The weather had turned heavy and overcast, like a scene from a Dracula movie. I was shuffling along on autopilot by now, praying that nothing else bizarre would happen. 
We wandered a stony beach then visited a strange folk cult temple. The altar had dark, ghastly looking statues of gods dressed in glittery clothes. They were horrible enough to scare anyone into being a believer. Tyler loved the place.
I’ve got to get out of here. I’m thinking that it’s time to split off and continue back to the States alone. 
This whole trip is starting to go off the deep end. 


Chapter 21: The Fringe of China - Hong Kong / Macau
“Then why are you so apprehensive?” – Bruce Lee, speaking in Enter the Dragon

From the Das Road diary, by Bob West
This is more like it! Hong Kong has my kind of Chinese culture. I wish I had enough money to stay at a luxury hotel. As it was, we had to make do with our usual flop house style lodging at a hostel in Kowloon. 
The flight from Taipei was very tense, Tyler and I sat with an aisle between us, both suspicious of the other. Now and then we’d look across at each other, but not say anything. Paranoia rode along with us all the way. 
I thought of splitting at the Hong Kong airport, but decided against it, just barely. I have this weird feeling that Tyler needs me, somehow. Who knows why? Maybe I need him, too.
Late afternoon we took the Star Ferry to Hong Kong island. I was so excited that I stood up too soon at the end of the ride. The boat banged against the dock. I would have fallen and cracked my skull if Tyler hadn’t caught me. I started to feel better about having him around.
We rode the Victoria Peak tram to the island high point. Tyler went nuts taking pictures. There are really three of us on this trip – me, Tyler, and “Jewel Eye” as he calls the camera. Like a kid naming a stuffed toy.
Then down into the crowded streets and an excellent dinner. The awful memories of Taiwan started to fade. Who has time for them? No awful memory ever bought me a beer. 
I was still a bit leery of Tyler, though. He seemed okay, but there was no telling when something else weird might happen. Well, I’ve got my passport and my own bankroll ... we’ll see.
“Let’s go to a Chinese opera,” Tyler suggested. 
It was quite a performance with crashing music and acrobats jumping around. The female singers hit incredible high notes.
“They sound like cats!” Tyler said.
Yes, cats. Thanks for reminding me.
I was too exhausted to appreciate the show. Earlier today I’d escaped from Taiwan. Then the hectic plane ride, etc. I dozed off despite the opera racket.
Then back across Victoria Harbor Kowloon. We stopped at a girlie bar for a drink. A couple shady characters followed us as we left, but they dropped away. Either we seemed too formidable for them, or they realized we were going to the flop house and wouldn’t be worth sticking up.
A whirlwind of sightseeing the next day. A sidewalk fortune teller promised me happiness and long life; Tyler refused to get his fortune told. Then a sampan tour of Aberdeen harbor.
“This is like Enter the Dragon!” I said. “Remember the scene where Bruce Lee gets rowed out to the junk?”
“Right,” Tyler said. “So, what’s Bruce Lee got that we don’t?”
“A body, for starters,” I said. 
We ate at a floating restaurant, and Tyler got into one of his strange moods – just as I was feeling pretty good from a couple glasses of plum wine.
“Do you think it’s possible for two people to be on the same wave length and not even know it?” he asked. 
“My old girl friend told me to get off her wave length,” I said.
Tyler frowned. Hey, I didn’t think it was such a bad joke! 
“What do you know about Jon Glass?” he asked a few minutes later.
“What made you think of him?” I indicated the crowd. “Do you think he looks Chinese or something?”
“What does he look like?” Tyler asked.
The discussion was idiotic, and I wanted to blow things off with another joke. Tyler looked very urgent, though.
“I’m not exactly sure,” I said. “I hardly knew the guy.”
With all the sensory overload of these past weeks, how was I supposed to recall some minor acquaintance from Korea? Tyler waited for me to continue.
“I don’t remember actually talking with him ever,” I said. “He wasn’t the type of guy you felt comfortable talking to. He was kind of ...”
“Kind of what?” 
“Spooky,” I said.
I expected a sarcastic response, but Tyler only nodded. 
We cruised Nathan Road back in Kowloon. Tyler stopped at a book store and loaded up with Red Chinese literature. How’s this for a reading list?
Quotations from Chairman Mao, a.k.a. “The Little Red Book”
The Tenth National Congress of the Communist Party of China, documents
Little Ching and Hu Tzu Guard the Cornfield, a picture book starring two kids on a communal farm
I scanned the children’s book. Auntie Chang’s geese had escaped their coop and eaten the new corn plants. The kids stop them and educate Auntie Chang about the importance of protecting collective property. The last page shows them all together smiling. 
Little Ching holds up a copy of the Red Book in her hand and says: “Chairman Mao asks us to store grain, so we should protect the fields and grow more.”
“That’s a boring story,” I said. “Don’t the Communists just shoot anybody who causes problems? Put Auntie Chang against a wall?”
“Yeah, it is pretty dull,” Tyler agreed. “Nice pictures, though.”
“You’re not going off the deep end with this stuff?” I asked, only half joking.
“It’s just historical record,” Tyler said. “Someday, people will know what nonsense all this was, including the b.s. from our side.”
I nodded. I was getting uneasy with the direction the conversation was going.
“Remember the Domino Theory?” Tyler asked. “If we pulled out of Vietnam, all the neighboring countries would fall over and we’d be fighting the Commies in Los Angeles.” 
“What a load of crap that was,” I agreed.
“Or the ‘light at the end of the tunnel’ concept,” Tyler said. “Like there was this wonderful victory just ahead if we only kept fighting. Who dreamed that up?”
Tyler was getting very heated. I pretended to notice something fascinating in a shop window. I knew that his brother had served in Vietnam, and that Tyler felt a lot of anger about that.
Macau
We took the hydrofoil to Macau and wandered around the streets with their old Portuguese buildings. An English girl joined us. She was cute, and I really dug her accent. I felt uneasy, though. Before long, Tyler and I would start competing for her and cause ourselves problems. 
Who was I trying to kid? Tyler is far more successful with women than I could ever be. I’m the respectful, nice guy that women are supposedly looking for but always pass over for the sexier dude who treats them like crap.
The problem was solved when a guy showed up on a motor bike. He talked with us a few minutes, then the girl rode off with him.
“How do you like that?” Tyler said. “What’s he got that we don’t?”
“Looks like a motor bike,” I said. 
Macau didn’t interest me much. All those shabby old buildings got to be depressing. Then we came to a big gambling casino, and my whole outlook changed. The front was covered with neon lights. When night came, the place would sparkle like a fairyland castle.
“This is what I’ve been waiting for!” I cried.
“Uh huh.” 
That’s Tyler for you – the original fun guy. He unfolded his map. Probably looking for some cemetery to go creeping around in.
“There are two islands south of here,” he said. “Coloane sounds interesting.”
“How do you get there?” I asked.
He pointed towards a bridge shooting across the ocean from our side to a misty, empty shore. It arched high in the middle, and junks were sailing underneath. The thing looked bigger than the Ambassador Bridge between Detroit and Canada, but it kind of blended in with the water and sky. I was surprised that I hadn’t noticed it before.
“Might be fun to walk,” Tyler said.
“How long is that bridge?” I was dizzy just looking at it.
“About a mile and a half,” Tyler said. “Then a mile across Taipa island and another bridge to Coloane.”
Here I’ve got the promised land right in front of me, and I’m supposed to wander off on another of Tyler’s bizarro adventures instead? No way in hell.
“Think I’ll try my luck at the Casino,” I said.
We agreed to meet back at the Kowloon flop house. I handed him my reserve packet of traveler’s checks. 
“Hang on to these for me? I don’t trust myself in there.”


Chapter 22: Showdown in Coloane
I was tiring of this tolerant, interconnected world. I wanted something more secretive, more elusive. – Stealing from a Deep Place, Brian Hall

I rode a taxi to Taipa Island. I’d never intended to walk over the bridge and had only said so as a way to discourage Bob – if the casino didn’t provide enough incentive for him to stay behind. I needed a break from him and the constant city bustle.
I stepped out of the taxi into a different world. The dense, urbanized atmosphere I’d been living in for many days was suddenly replaced by empty countryside. I walked a mile across the island, avoiding a small village, and did not see another person. The non-stop commercial transaction of city life came to a blessed halt.
Yet, the island had a tentative feel, like a quiet rural area that’s been zoned for a shopping mall. Development couldn’t be far off. Why else that huge new bridge? In the coming years, builders would march over it bringing the cramped urban world with them. But for now, it was great to be alone. 
Most people annoyed me after a while. The chatter of everyday conversation bored me. Maybe I’m smarter than most people I meet, or else I’m just walking down a different road. Often it seems as if I’m speaking a different language from those around me. Maybe Yun Hee was right to break things off. Over time I would have probably gotten bored with her, too.
Then there’s Bob. Nobody would claim that his was a towering intellect, but I enjoyed his company, most of the time. His sunny temperament was a good counterpoint to my introspection. In a way, I almost felt that he was an externalized aspect of my own personality – the sociable, contented part that seldom got out.
Now there’s a bizarre thought! But no weirder than the strangled cat hanging on the cemetery gate. The cruelty of that scene had hit me an almost physical blow. Worse yet was the Jon Glass moniker, scratched into the gate like a tombstone epitaph. The murdered cat drove me from that place. The inscription propelled me along. 
I’d not encountered any signs of Jon Glass in Hong Kong or Macau, but I looked for them constantly. Jon had preceded me everywhere I went. Why? What was his motivation, or did he even have one? Did he know what was going on any more than I did? 
If I could figure out what was driving Jon Glass, I might have some answers about myself. Then again, maybe I’d seen the last of him. I sure hoped so. 
Or did I? 
On some level, the thought of losing the Glass trail made me feel rather empty. It would be a mystery departed from my life, leaving me poorer than I was – like a fascinating door closing, stranding me in a bleak hallway.
Here’s another weird thought: Bob could be the one who was placing the signs in my way. He was in a position to do so, and he knew Jon Glass, though he’d tried to deny it. Maybe the two of them had cooked up a scheme to drive be batty. 
And don’t forget that convenient separation at the cemetery in Taiwan – plenty of time for him to string up the cat. Was there something sinister under Bob’s genial exterior? 
Absurd! But how could I know for sure? Think of all the serial killers who were very pleasant on the outside. People were astonished to discover the monsters lurking underneath.
What I wanted most was to simply be my own man again – without strange ideas squirming around in my brain turning me paranoid. I’d been running scared, but here, on these isolated islands, I’d get back into base. If something haunting and mysterious awaited me, let it come.
I arrived at the causeway to Coloane and began walking over the water like some bogus prophet seeking enlightenment. Finally, tired and foot sore, I reached the little hotel overlooking the water. It was mostly empty, a new and undiscovered resort type place. 
My room was pleasant with pastel walls and a sliding glass door to a patio. I enjoyed a luxurious shower, ate dinner, and settled in for the evening. 
Lounging on the chair by the little writing desk, I felt righteously tired – a man who had put in a good day’s effort and was entitled to disdain those who had not. I gazed over the darkening water through the sliding door, my uneasy thoughts drifting away.
Of course, it wasn’t long before I started feeling restless. Whatever situation I might be in, I’d generally want another. Like the boat ride from Pusan. While it was happening, I’d have given anything to be someplace else, but by now my memory had revised the experience into a romantic adventure. 
The warmth and security of my current environment made me long for a rougher edge. I pulled out my guidebooks. 
I’d been a mere tourist up to this point on the trip. I wanted to discover an unbeaten track leading to destinations conventional people never reached. Maybe I could find it in the Philippines.
An oval mirror with a curlicue frame hung on the wall opposite the writing desk. It seemed that I should have been able to view my reflection from my position, but the glass was blank except for a light fixture peeking in from the upper left edge. Some mildly interesting optical effect, I thought. 
I shoved the books aside, too tired to think about the next trip phase. Better to catch up on letter writing instead. Grandfather Alois was due a communiqué, so I pulled out an aerogramme.
What to write? “Dear Grandpa, having a wonderful time, wish you were here.”
Yeah, it would have been fun to have him along on some of the activities. He would have loved the Inland Sea. Or how about that hostess bar in Tokyo? I could just picture him with his old world demeanor and handlebar mustache, a hot Australian babe on each side! I laughed and rocked back my chair, my hands joined behind my head. 
Then I glanced at the mirror again and my mood began to sour. The damn thing still showed the identical reflection, even though I had changed my position. I should have been able to see myself, but all the mirror displayed was part of the ceiling light fixture poking in on the upper left edge.
I looked toward the ceiling to gauge the angles. The globe of frosted glass spread soft illumination. I looked back into the mirror. The light fixture in the mirror was different from the one on the ceiling!
“There’s some explanation.” I banged my chair back down. “Don’t let it creep you out.”
But it was creeping me out, big time. My eyes darted about the room. The light fixture on the ceiling was a glass sphere, while the one in the mirror was boxy and edged with filigree like the mirror frame.
I scanned every nook of the room, found nothing to explain this phenomenon. The hairs on my neck started prickling up and the hands bracing my head felt cold. Then the light fixture in the glass started swinging back and forth like some crazy hypnotist’s pocket watch.
“Godammit!”
In an instant I’d reached the hallway door and jerked it open. Then I paused, my heart pounding. My legs vibrated, aching to move, and I had to force them to keep from running down the hall. With an intense effort, I turned back toward the mirror. It hung innocuously, waiting for me. Thank God I could not see into the glass from this angle. 
“Now or never, Tyler,” I told myself. 
I rushed the mirror and yanked it off the wall with a savage heave. As it came loose, I caught a fleeting, blurry image in the glass – a person that was not me. I shoved the mirror into the closet, buried it under some towels, and slammed the door. Then I strode out to the patio.
“You’re not gonna beat me!” I yelled over the ocean. “So you can just fuck off!”
No answer came from the black, placid water. 




Four: Mad Pursuit


Chapter 23: Philippine Islands

From the Das Road diary, by Bob West
Some Edge of Weirdness thing must have happened on Coloane. Tyler was even more moody than usual when he came back, but not as dark, if you know what I’m saying. I don’t know what I’m saying myself, so I’ll drop it. 
On the plane to Manila, Tyler was reading The Tenth National Congress of the Communist Party of China, documents. 
I should have known better by now, but I asked to see the small red paperback. The front section had several photos of the Red leaders, especially Chairman Mao. They were mostly old men, but their faces were airbrushed smooth.
“Mao’s dead, isn’t he?” I asked.
“Yeah,” Tyler said. “His corpse is on permanent display like some temple idol. He’s one of the Communist death gods now.”
I returned the book.  
“At least the Nazis were straightforward,” Tyler said. “‘We are the Master Race, you’re not, so we’re gonna kill you!’ Pretty simple philosophy, eh?”
“Uh, yeah,” I said.
“The Communists, on the other hand, destroy millions of human beings and it’s all out of profound ‘love for the people.’”
Couldn’t we talk about something interesting, like girls, or getting drunk? But Tyler was on a roll.
“Have you read Crime and Punishment?” he asked.
“Yeah, in high school,” I said. “Wasn’t it about a guy who brained somebody with an ax?”
Tyler nodded. “He wanted to be another Napoleon, so he committed murder to see if he could step over the obstacle of murder – be above morality.”
“He sounds like a fun guy,” I said.
“A lot of fun guys are running things these days,” Tyler said. 
Manila
Manila is upbeat, exciting, and everybody speaks English, too! I felt immediately at home. Even Tyler lightened up. This is the first country with PCVs, so we jumped on a bus and headed for the peace Corps office on Agno Street. A uniformed bus girl collected our fare, just like in Seoul. 
The Filipina secretary at the office gave us a frosty reception at first. 
“You’re from Korea, huh?” she said.
“Yes, we’re returning volunteers,” I replied.
She fixed a hard look on Tyler. 
“Another Peace Corps Korea man came through here last week ... I don’t know his name.”
She actually shuddered when she said this, and damned if Tyler didn’t turn a little pale. He recovered quickly, though. 
“How interesting,” he said, trotting out that slick Greek / Hungarian charm, or whatever the hell it is. “Did he happen to say where he was going?”
The secretary shook her head. “No!” 
This seemed to clear the air, and the girl became more friendly. She referred us to a private home in Manila where we could stay. She also gave us a huge road map. She unfolded the lower half and indicated the large, southern island. 
“Don’t visit Zamboanga or any place else on Mindanao,” she said. “The army is fighting the Moro guerrillas, much trouble.”
Tyler nodded. Let me guess. He’ll want to go down there. 
“The Sulu islands are worse.” She pointed to a chain of islands off Mindanao. “Very dangerous there.”
We got a room at the house. The people were really nice. After a tasty meal we headed outside. It was an in between time, too early to hit the bars and too late for sightseeing. 
“Ready to head north tomorrow?” Tyler said.
“We just got here! I love Manila.”
“Plenty of time for it later,” Tyler said. “We have to come back, anyhow, since the airport is here.”
I looked sadly around the street, the hustling crowds, the pretty Filipinas.  
“Okay,” I said.
“Great!” Tyler said. “We’ll go skin diving at the 100 Islands national park first.”
“In the ocean?” 
“Yeah. Just mask, fins and snorkel, though – no tanks.”
I can barely get around a swimming pool. Now I’m supposed to be Jacques Cousteau out in the ocean? Well, I’ll go along, but I might have to say “no tanks” once we get out there. 
We found a movie theater. Wouldn’t you know, it was showing Jaws? I practically jumped out of my seat when the severed head bobbed up. Tyler grinned wickedly.
“You’ve seen this already, haven’t you?” I said.
He only shrugged. Yeah, very entertaining – the Watch Bob Have a Coronary show. The head was bad enough, but when the guy got his leg ripped off, I could barely keep from vomiting.
“Are you sure you want to go skin diving, Tyler?” 
Another grin.
We went to a bar afterwards. It was in a seedy neighborhood, and I was feeling uneasy. A little honey named Lulu was grooving on me, though, so I hated to leave. Another American guy was there, an “old hand” in the Philippines, he claimed.
“It’s a lot safer now that President Marcos has confiscated the guns,” he said. “Used to be everybody was packing iron, murder in every neighborhood. People would shoot their wife, their best friend, a shop keeper – anybody who pissed them off. Crazy!”
“Sounds like Detroit,” I said.
He showed us a scar on his neck. “A few years ago, right in this bar, two Filipinos were arguing. One guy pulls out a gun. Well, I was too drunk to know better and I said, ‘Put that thing away!’ So he shot me.” 
“Damn,” Tyler said, “that calls for another beer.”
He ordered a round of San Miguels.
“The bullet nearly cut my jugular,” the guy said. “I staggered out to a cab. ‘Get me to the hospital!’ You know, the driver actually argued with me about the fare.”
I could have done without hearing this story, especially after Jaws. Maybe the Philippines isn’t quite as friendly as I had thought.
Northward
I enjoyed snorkeling. You just float along looking at the corals and stuff. We took a little boat out and had a good time, except for when the current started pulling me out to sea. Tyler saw my situation and had the boat guy pick me up.
Tyler went out a couple more days, but I stayed at the little bungalow hotel nursing a sunburn along with numerous bottles of San Miguel. 
 Next we headed north to the Banawe / Bontoc area around those terraced rice paddy hills you see in travelogues. The bus was a rickety piece of junk. I was sitting in front next to the driver when I noticed fuel leaking over the floor. I felt some concern, especially since the driver was smoking a cigarette. I pointed out the leak to him, but he said not to worry because it was only diesel fuel. That made me feel much better.
We met a Filipino who worked on a cruise ship. He said they were going to Iloilo, on Panay Island, for a big festival. Why not? We returned to Manila and got on the boat.
Iloilo
Huge crowds filled the street, dancing and blowing whistles. People dressed in wild costumes. I was never so drunk in my life. Tyler got made up in grease paint and joined the mob. I saw a big, fat guy leading the procession. He had a face painted on his torso – nipples for eyes and a belly button mouth. Later, somebody showed me a Polaroid photo. Damned if it wasn’t me leading the parade! I must have been even more bombed out of my mind than I realized.
We stopped for lunch at a little restaurant with a PCV named Kurt. We were served a stew of unknown composition. It didn’t taste bad, though.
“What’s in this?” Tyler asked.
“Probably goat meat,” Kurt said.
Tyler continued eating, unfazed.
“Say it’s dog,” I whispered in Kurt’s ear.
“On second thought,” Kurt said, “I think this is dog stew.”
Tyler shoved his plate aside. He looked green under his makeup. 
“What’s wrong with dog?” I said and continued chowing down.
Sweet revenge for Jaws!
The Cops
We met two Filipino policemen from Manila who were in the area on “business,” supposedly selling road construction materials. This sounded kind of suspect, but we didn’t ask questions.
One cop was quiet and shifty and didn’t stick around long. The other, who reminded me of the head bandito in The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, said he had to go to the neighboring island of Masbate. He’d hired a motorized outrigger and offered to take us along.
He was pretty talkative and spoke of the many nights he’d spent sleeping in a cemetery rather than doing police patrol. We all sat in the cabin by the open doorway. An occasional big wave splashed in, soaking us to a loud chorus of “Shit!”
Other water craft happened by. Some were outriggers like us, others were small boats sitting so low that the occupants looked to be free floating.
“Masbate!” our captain shouted.
The people in the other boats would gesture in some general direction, as if they were showing us the way to the corner bar. The trip was supposed to take five hours, and, sure enough, after five hours we reached land. The only problem was, we were still on Panay. We’d made a big horseshoe round trip!
“That settles it,” Tyler said. “I’m going to Mindanao.”
“You’re crazy,” I said. 
Tyler shrugged. “I take it you’re not interested.”
“No way in hell!”
I got back on the boat with the policeman, and Tyler went his own way. We’ll meet again in Manila. Hopefully.


Chapter 24: Boat Ride to Paranoia
“In undertaking adventures, it is much better to overdo than underdo and much better does it sound in the ear to whom it is related.” – Don Quixote

“What am I doing here?” I asked myself repeatedly during the boat trip to Zamboanga.
A visit to Mindanao island had made perfect sense when I was dancing down the street in Iloilo, or riding in that outrigger with Bob and the crooked policeman. I’ll just pop down there, I’d thought, and satisfy my craving for going off the beaten track. 
But now that I was alone, the whole idea seemed nuts. Where was that beaten track, anyway? Make room for me, please. 
The sea passage wasn’t difficult. Rather, it was the people on the boat that unsettled me – the sense of being on some Heart of Darkness type expedition. 
Below deck, on the big cushioned floor, I sat by a group of four unsavory looking Filipinos. It was the only space available, as I’d boarded late. All four were dark, hard-bitten young men with long hair. One of them had a scar running down his face. Periodically, they glanced my way with suspicion. 
Smiling uneasily, I sidled as far away as possible and tried to read my newspaper. A middle aged woman leaned toward me.
“Give me the newspaper,” she said by way of greeting.
I handed it over. Damn, I had to get out of here! 
I retreated outside to the bow area and looked about warily. A glassy ocean vista stretched to the horizon, the blaring red of a low sun lurching across it. This close to the equator, sunsets were supposed to be beautiful, but all this one brought to mind was a great deal of blood spread over the water. 
“I wish Bob was here.” 
But he wasn’t. He’d proven repeatedly that he was a stand-by-you type friend, but this attitude had limits. It didn’t apply when I was bound and determined to be an idiot. Besides, I was on a mission that Bob did not share. 
I was after Jon Glass, and Mindanao was just the sort of place to find him. I’d had this goal in mind ever since I spoke with the PC secretary in Manila, but I’d been lying to myself about it. 
This boat was no place for lies, though, only harsh realities had a place here. The skin diving and the festival had been mere diversions, now I was on the main business of the trip. If Jon wanted to lure me on, very well. I’d find him and demand an explanation to his face. Before this was over, he’d know that I was not someone to trifle with.
At least I’d make a go at it. In the oppressive atmosphere of the boat, my grandiose plans to trek Mindanao were shrinking rapidly. A quick return to Manila was making more sense all the time. I looked up toward the small observation deck over the pilot house. I couldn’t believe my eyes. 
A young American guy was standing at the railing – in a Michigan State University T-shirt no less! He gazed forlornly out to sea, looking as apprehensive as I felt. 
“Hello!” I called. 
He glanced down at me in astonishment, started to retreat. 
“Michigan State, right on!” I raised both arms in a two-fisted V sign. 
He hesitated. I bounded up the stairs. 
“Good to see an American face!” I pumped the guy’s hand. “I’m Tyler Lakatos, lately of Peace Corps Korea.”
The guy’s manner was reserved, almost a bit scared.
“I’m Ken Hamilton,” he said, “Peace Corps Philippines.” 
Great name, like the man on the ten dollar bill. 
“So ... did you go to MSU, Tyler?” he asked.
“No, but I’ve heard it’s a great school,” I said. “A friend of mine back in Manila graduated from State – Bob West. Did you know him?”
“Afraid not, but with 40,000 students, that’s hardly surprising.”
I tore open a pack of cigarettes and offered one.
“No thanks,” Ken said. “I don’t smoke.” 
I lit up. “Me neither, hardly, but out here a cigarette comes in handy.”
“You’ve got that right.” Ken looked out at the murderous sunset. “On second thought, I will take one.”
A friendly cloud of tobacco smoke whirled above us into the slipstream, and Ken’s attitude warmed. He explained that he was traveling incognito because the Peace Corps director had banned visits to the restive southern Philippines. Any PCV who went there risked disciplinary action. 
Ken didn’t specify what the disciplinary action was, but it couldn’t be as bad as other things that might happen – like getting on the unfriendly side of those four guys downstairs. And just how incognito he expected to be was unclear. Having the only white face, besides mine, on the whole boat seemed like rather poor camouflage. Plus that MSU shirt.
He wanted to see Zamboanga, he said, but wasn’t dumb enough to visit the Sulu Islands. Jolo Island was the current hottest spot. The Philippine air force had recently “bombed the shit” out of the place. 
“This whole area is screwed,” he said. “Settlers from the northern islands are pushing out the Islamic Moros and the tribal people, destroying the forests. Corruption, land speculation, you name it – and now this Moro guerrilla movement. It’s like the old Wild West.”
I lit another cigarette. At this rate, I’d be up to a pack a day in no time. Things were going on here that I did not understand and could not influence. Best to play the clueless foreigner, I decided, and just try to get along. 
“Is Bob West PC Korea, too?” Ken asked.
“Yeah.” 
“What does he look like?”
“He’s a big guy,” I said. “Fairly over weight, light hair.”
“Oh,” Ken said quietly, as if speaking to himself. “It wasn’t him, then.”
He flipped his dead cigarette butt overboard. 
“There’s another PCV from Korea wandering around. He’s made quite an impression.”
“Really?” My unease, which had been in retreat, pressed in again. “Have you seen him?”
“No, but some friends have. They didn’t enjoy it much. His name is, uh ...”
“Glass?” My voice sounded distant to me.
“That might be it,” Ken said. “You know, this is really stupid, but at first I thought that you might be him.”
“Do you have any idea where he might be headed?” 
Keen shook his head. “Wouldn’t surprise me if he came down here, though. It’s weird enough for him.”
I returned below decks, my paranoia fully restored. I needed to think about this new intelligence, but right now I had more immediate concerns. The guy with the big scar was observing me. I’d look at him and he’d glance away. I’d bury my nose in a book, but when I looked up from it, the guy was watching me again.
“You American?” he finally asked.
“Yes,” I said, “just traveling around on my way back home.”
He said something to the other three, who apparently did not understand English. They observed me silently, nodding. I began to consider a return to the outside deck.
“We fought in the mountains a long time,” the scarred one said, “against the Philippines army.” 
“Oh, really?” I said.
The others nodded again, and I smiled, wondering if they had weapons concealed under their clothes. Was a hijack in the offing, and, if so, who would get their throat slit first? 
The Filipino seemed in a friendly mood, though. In halting English, he explained that they were former Moro guerrilla fighters who had recently accepted a government amnesty. 
“The fighting was very bad,” he said, “many killed.”
I didn’t ask about the scar. God knew what horrors these guys had suffered, or had inflicted on others. There was no joy in them, and hardness attended their eyes – latent violence you did not want to stir up. Never did I feel more like the naïve, spoiled American. 
“Well, good luck to you all,” I said. “I hope things work out.”
Who knew what would happen if their grievances and those of others like them around the world remained unresolved – continuing violence, hatred, attacks on innocent civilians. The only certainty was that when people are treated like crap, you can’t expect them to turn you a warm and cuddly face.
Their curiosity about me satisfied, the men withdrew back into their little group, and I began to breathe a bit easier. The middle-aged lady who had grabbed my newspaper took an interest in me next.
“Are you staying long in Mindanao?” she asked.
“I don’t know,” I said, “Maybe.”
Actually, “middle-aged” wouldn’t be accurate. She was probably only late thirties, but had the prematurely old look so many women in Asian countries had – especially from rural areas. 
“Go visit my Auntie,” she said.
“Where?”
“You have map?”
I pulled out the one I’d gotten at the PC office, and she rumpled it open vigorously. Nobody could say that she didn’t have a forthright manner.
“Give me pen.”
I handed her my blue felt tip, the same one I’d used to decorate the wine house girl in Choon Chun. She circled the town of Kidapawan in the island’s interior, about two hundred miles from Zamboanga.
“My Auntie runs a children’s foundation around here in the Arakan Valley.”
She wrote some information on the bottom of the map.
“Tell her Carmin sent you,” she said. 
“Thanks.” 
I didn’t ask more details. I had already decided to confine my Mindanao travels to the Zamboanga town limits.


Chapter 25: Zamboanga
She could thaw the frozen balls of a Nestor or a Prium – Satires, by Juvenal

The next two days went by pleasantly hanging out with Ken. Zamboanga was a nice little city. I’d feared the place would be a combat zone, but it was peaceful – on the surface anyway. Only the presence of Philippine soldiers and the “PC” reminded me that this was a potentially volatile place.
PC stood for “Philippine Constabulary,” a military / police type organization with a tough reputation. I’d see them from my second story hotel window marching by in their crisp uniforms. 
The highlight of the first day’s sightseeing was a visit to Tit’s Dress Shop.
“Can you believe that?” Ken pointed to the window sign.
“Guess they don’t have the same slang here,” I said.
We went in the shop and spoke with the owner, a young woman nicknamed Tit. She was quite friendly and gave Ken a cloth tag with the store’s name on it. He lovingly placed it in his wallet.
“Maybe you need some outlets,” I told Ken when we were back on the street.
Speaking of outlets, a couple girls attached themselves to us at the coffee shop next to our hotel. They were both attractive, but one was especially cute. Anybody would have been interested, even if they weren’t a hot-blooded Hungarian like myself. 
But the thought of yet another hooker left me feeling rather sad. The morning-after let down was more than I cared to deal with. Ken’s eyeballs were popping out of his skull, though, and he was becoming competitive.
“It’s okay,” I said, scarcely believing my own words. “I’m not really interested. Take your pick.”
He picked both.
The next day, we climbed to the roof of one of the taller buildings to get a panoramic view. I discovered a machine gun, complete with attached ammunition belt, positioned behind sand bags.
“Look at that!”
We glanced about nervously – not a soul around. 
“The soldiers are probably napping somewhere,” Ken said. 
Anybody could have opened fire on the town below. We got out in a hurry. The rest of the day I kept looking up toward the roof top.
That evening, Ken and the two girls prepared to leave on a boat headed north. 
“Coming with us?” he asked.
I hesitated. My paranoia had diminished during the past two days, allowing my ‘young and immortal’ persona to reemerge. Hell, I’d stared down a loaded machine gun, hadn’t I? And my mission awaited, too.
“No,” I said. “Think I’ll go out to Kidapawan.” 
Ken shook his head. “Bad idea, man.”
I shrugged.
He pulled a lumpy, gross looking object from his bag. 
“Durian fruit,” he said. “I was saving it for the boat ride, but let’s have some now.”
I picked up the thing gingerly and whiffed the husk. It had a pungent, almost rotten odor.
“Smells like hell, but tastes like heaven,” one of the girls said.
“Thanks anyway.” I handed the object back.


Chapter 26: Across Mindanao
“Drift with the current ... if we do not find anything pleasant, we shall at least find something new.” – Cacambo, speaking in Candide, by Voltaire

I woke up the next morning with two insect bites on my leg, which soon developed into dime-sized oozing sores. Because of this, or in addition to it, I became feverish and languid. The  tropical heat took an increasing toll on me as well. 
I’d intended to reach Kidapawan by the most direct route, but the trip soon became a semi-dream state meander around Mindanao. I just drifted along, as if following a route planned by another person. 
Sometimes I’d slip into an almost mystical state of mind. Other times, the fever abated and everything seemed crystal clear normal, although it really wasn’t. I obtained a wicked looking collapsible knife and kept it handy in my pocket.
Travel conditions were often primitive. I rode in Jeepneys – surplus military jeeps with passenger compartments grafted on. Fifteen or more people jammed aboard these contraptions which groaned and creaked along the narrow dirt roads. Sometimes rivers got in the way. No Bridge? No problem. The jeepney simply plunged in and drove to the opposite shore, water completely covering its wheels. 
If there was no road on the other side, the vehicle simply motored along the river bottom, up or downstream as required. Eventually we’d pick up some kind of track on the far side. Everything had a “far side” quality, like a trip to some alternate universe. I could scarcely eat, which added to my fantastical state of mind. 
Evidences of Jon Glass appeared. He began to fester in my mind as the insect bites were festering on my leg.
I stopped in a little barrio to watch a cock fight. A very crude, rough crowd ringed the cockpit waving money around as the birds struggled with lethal fury. I saw Jon’s moniker etched on the boards separating the mob from the combatants.
I went snorkeling near a little fishing village and was disconcerted to find a stone fish reposing in the shallows. It was just a small, innocuous lump, like a durian with fins, but a spine on its back contained deadly poison. Nearby, a Filipino fisherman walked about the water, barefoot. I pulled up my mask.
“Be careful,” I said. “There’s a stone fish.”
“Oh?” the fisherman said. “I thought you killed them all last week.”
One day, towards dusk, I found myself stranded on a remote dirt road. It was an area of bucolic tranquility and destitution – bamboo houses built on low stilts, agricultural fields carved out of the hillsides. As I walked along, some ragged young girls came down from the fields, hoes over their shoulders. One talked to me in poor English. 
“How are you?” she said. “I didn’t think you’d come this way again. Can you give me another peso?”
I gave her some money, to the titters of the other girls.
Men were waiting in the road. Transportation was coming, they said. A truck soon arrived and we piled into the back. As we ground slowly through the hills, darkness set in and masses of insect-eating bats swirled around.
I cheered them on. “Get those damned bugs!”
High up, flying with deadly purpose in the moonlight, formations of giant fruit-eating bats passed over. The scene was like something out of a horror movie, enhanced by my fever and light-headedness. Fumes from the truck exhaust wafted about, and the rumbling engine obscured any night sounds. A passenger lit a cigarette, and I saw Jon’s moniker again in the match light, scrawled on the side of the truck.
Ominous undertones of violence intruded wherever I went. A Filipino I’d met on a Jeepney ride suggested that I visit a particular wilderness area to satisfy my ambition of seeing a pristine rain forest. He’d even provided a letter of introduction to the local authorities. 
The timing of my visit to this remote location was poor, however. I arrived at a modest, official building just as a group of armed men was forming up. They all had grim, apprehensive expressions. A woman came out to speak with me. She was tense and distracted but tried to show me some hospitality. 
While I sat drinking a Coke with her, the armed patrol moved into the forest. What the hell was out there, anyway – bandits, guerrillas? 
“As you can see, we’re having much trouble now,” she said. “I’m sorry we can’t permit you to visit the forest.”
“Yeah, too bad,” I said.
I mopped a handkerchief over my forehead. The tepid coke only made the atmosphere seem more sweltering.
“Not long ago another American went out on patrol with our men,” she said. “He did not return with the others.”
My insect bites started stinging like cobra venom. For a mad instant, I wanted to follow the patrol. I stood up, and the woman grasped my arm.
“Please sit down, she said. “You don’t look well.”
She seemed to be speaking from far away. Her face looked fuzzy. Then my knees gave out and I did sit down. Soon after, I got the hell out. 
Then I was finally too ill to continue traveling. I stopped in  Davao, or maybe it was General Santos City, and checked into a little hotel. A local doctor gave me some pills and an ointment for the sores. 
I kept wanting to leave my room and continue the trek. I’d get up, move to the door, and things would blur out. Next thing I knew, I was back in bed. Somebody must have brought me food, because I’d wake up and see the empty plates, though I had no recollection of eating.
After a couple days of this limbo-like existence, I felt better. I ventured out to the town plaza and bumped into a scruffy Australian guy named Floyd. Who knew what the hell he was doing there? 
We drank sugar cane wine and chatted with his Filipino acquaintances. One young man, a tough looking dude named Romy, had a bandaged forearm resting in a sling. On some recent occasion, he’d flung it up to protect his head from a machete blow. 
“It was a disagreement over a business deal,” Floyd explained.
“Uh huh.” I really didn’t want to hear more about this.
We lounged in the square. I didn’t enjoy the company much, but was too lethargic to move on. The atmosphere was sultry, and everything seemed to move in slow motion. A military policeman wavered up out of the humidity.
“Excuse me.” He snatched my cigarette and took a puff.
I gaped in astonishment.
“Just checking,” the cop returned my smoke and sauntered away.
“What was that all about?” I said.
“He was finding out if you had dope mixed in with the tobacco,” Floyd replied. 
Just what I needed – jailed in the middle of nowhere! I instantly swore off cigarettes, especially those offered by shady acquaintances. 
I couldn’t expect the authorities here to be as tolerant as my friend, Rick, from college. Summers he’d worked as a security guard at a baseball stadium. He’d sneak up on suspicious groups of kids in the center field bleachers.
“Get rid of the joint, the security guard’s coming!”
“Hell no,” Rick would say. “Give me a toke.”
Floyd indicated Romy’s wounded arm. 
“An American did that to him,” he said
“Oh?” I was instantly alert.
“Romy actually started it,” Floyd said. “He threatened the guy with his machete. But the American got it away and let him have it.”
Romy leered at me. He was a mean guy, all right. Just as well he was incapacitated.
“Come to think of it,” Floyd said, “that American guy looked a bit like you. No wonder Romy is upset.”
Finally, I arrived in Kidapawan where I hooked up with a group heading out to the Foundation. 


Chapter 27: The Last Miles
One guy in our group was going to visit a relative at the foundation. He was a mooch, and I avoided him. Another man, Gil, was a security guard with an official looking blue shirt and a military carbine sporting a crudely chopped down stock. He reminded me of the cop we’d met on Panay – the same type of affable shiftiness, scraggly mustache, and modest potbelly. 
A couple of taciturn women brought up the rear. Since no transportation was available, we hiked several miles to the Foundation through the Arakan Valley. As the day became hotter, I drifted into automatic mode, simply placing one foot in front of the other, paying little attention to where we were heading. My sores itched furiously. 
The terrain had a raw look with occasional spindly trees poking up from the fields – as if the area had been recently deforested. Conversation was minimal, primarily the Mooch bellyaching and trying to hustle me for money. Immune to my polite refusals, he finally received a direct “get lost” and moved back with the women.
My fever was acting up, joining with the harsh sun to sap my energy. To relieve his boredom, Gil began twirling his rifle like a cheerleader’s baton. I dropped farther away so as to avoid the coming mishap. Sure enough, the damn thing came apart in mid twirl, hitting the ground and scattering pieces of itself everywhere. The clip sprang out; bullets littered the dirt. 
I helped retrieve the cartridges.
“You won’t tell Mother about this, will you?” Gil said with obvious embarrassment.
“Excuse me?” I said.
“The Foundation director,” he said, “everybody calls her Mother.”
This seemed rather odd, but no more so than anything else. For a transcendental instant, my perspective shifted, and I was looking at the scene from the viewpoint of somebody kicked back in an easy chair with a cold beer. There’s Tyler, I thought, in the middle of nowhere scrabbling on the ground for bullets. He looks pretty ragged!
Then I popped back to Mindanao. “Don’t worry, Gil, I won’t say anything.” 
“Thank you.” 
I gestured to the Mooch. “I don’t know about that guy. You might have to pay him to keep his mouth shut.”
 I almost added, “Or else you can just shoot him,” but lethal violence didn’t seem like anything to joke about in Mindanao.
“I don’t care about him,” Gil said, “but a bad word from an American could hurt.”
“If she asks about you, I’ll have only good words,” I said.
He smiled broadly. “You’re okay, Tyler. Mother will like you.”
“I hope so.”
“She’s been out here a long time with no outside visitors. Then two Americans, back to back.”
“There’s another American?”
“Yeah,” Gill said. “He came to the Foundation a couple days ago.”
My heart jumped into my mouth. “Is he still there?”
“He was when I left for town yesterday,” Gil said. 
Damn, if I hadn’t stopped those couple days, I would have caught him! Maybe I still could. Excitement pushed aside my fatigue. 
“Can you tell me anything more about him?”
Gil shrugged.
“I let him fire some practice rounds.” He patted the carbine. “He’s a much better shot than me.”
I tried to pick up the pace, moving alone up the road, but the little group stuck to its slow plod. They receded into the hot air behind me like a ghost procession. Then, after charging ahead for several minutes, I slowed down again and let the others catch up. My new burst of energy was spent. 
Besides, what was I hurrying for? Whatever I was supposed to see at the end of this road would be there, whether I ran or walked.
After an extended period of mindless tramping, we arrived at the Foundation. The others dispersed while Gil and I walked on toward the administration building. Two women came out. One was middle-aged, tall for a Filipina, and dressed in a flowing Indian type garment. At first glance, she reminded me of Indira Gandhi. The other woman was young and pretty.
They walked toward us. Then they paused and exchanged a few words. The younger one turned and beat a hasty retreat back inside the building. 


Chapter 28: Gloria
One is carried away by what is beautiful, charming, adorable. – Madame Bovary, Gustave Flaubert

Not exactly the red carpet treatment. I looked morosely back down the trail, contemplating the long return trip. But then the older lady approached and offered her hand.
“Welcome,” she said in perfect English. “Please forgive my assistant. We had another visitor recently, and she thought that you might be him.”
“Oh, really?” I said. “Is he still here?”
“No – he left some hours ago.”
Disappointment washed over me. My final reserves of energy deserted, and my knees felt suddenly weak.
“Is something wrong, Mr. ...”
“Tyler Lakatos.” I forced a smile. “Just a little tired, thank you.”
I fumbled out my map and displayed the notations on it. 
“I met Carmin on the boat to Zamboanga,” I said. “She suggested that I come.”
She perused the writing. “Yes, Carmin. She’s well?”
“Very,” I said.
This seemed to clinch things.  
“Please come in, Tyler,” she said. “Or perhaps you’d rather cool off first.”
Something cold and wet, like the nose of a giant dog, brushed the back of my arm. I jerked around to see the vast, curve-horned head of a carabao. I practically jumped out of my skin, to the great amusement of all. 
I attempted a lame recovery. “This animal sure ‘nose’ who I am!”
Gil hefted my bags and carried them toward the building. 
“Go on,” he said, “take a ride.”
Pulling together the last shreds of my dignity, I climbed aboard the carabao. Two little kids fought for the honor of leading the beast. 
“Be nice,” I said. “Take turns.”
I felt like Hannibal crossing the Alps atop some war elephant. The carabao walked with stately decorum, its great muscular back conveying its strength. After some minutes of this procession, we reached an embankment at the bottom of which lay a stream Which had widened out to a swimming hole. I dismounted and tramped down to the water.
A group of early teen aged girls was splashing around and giggling – looking over at me, then giggling again. One of them tried speaking with me, to a chorus of titters from the others, but her English was poor and our communication was limited mostly to smiles and gestures. I waded in and threw cool water on my face. 
Refreshment exploded over me, washing away layers of sweaty fatigue. This place seemed a corner of paradise, complete with nymphs. Some boys called over, wanting to join us, but I pretended not to hear them. It was wonderful to be the center of attention for so many females. 
What next – could these people tell me where Jon went, or had he just done a mysterious fade out? I needed rest and food. But if I left soon enough, I still might catch him. Maybe I could hire a guide, or ...
I looked up to see a cute, petite Filipina with short hair standing at the top of the embankment. The same girl who’d retreated into the building. She had her arms crossed and her face wore an expression of curiosity – and maybe a bit of interest, too. 
Jon instantly blew out of my head. I forgot the other girls, they were too young for me to be ogling, anyway.
“Hello!” I called. 
She smiled and waved. “Hello, Tyler.”
In moments I’d stuffed my shoes back on was climbing the embankment. The route was slippery, and a fall was a distinct possibility. 
“Please don’t let me make a fool of myself again!” I prayed silently. 
I reached the top safely, thank heaven.
“My name’s Gloria,” the girl said.
She shook my hand. Her small, dark-complexioned hand seemed impossibly dainty in my uncouth paw, and a thrill ran up my arm. Her eyes were warm and friendly but contained a hint of sadness deep within them.
“I’m going back to the office,” she said, “if you want to come.” 
“Sure!” I said.
She gestured toward the carabao which stood dumbly by grazing. 
“Do you wish to ride?” she said.
“No thanks,” I said. “Once was enough for that.”
She led the way. Where to didn’t matter. The office building or Timbuktu would have been fine, as long as she was going there with me. 
“Mother likes you,” Gloria said.
“Glad to hear that,” I said. “Was she impressed by the way I handled the carabao?”
Gloria laughed. “You do not have such animals in America?”
“No, but I’m sure people would like them.”
As we walked, Gloria gave a brief sketch of the little world I’d entered. The Foundation director, Mother, was a colorful personality. Her full name was long and complex and immediately blew out of my mind. She was from a distinguished Moslem family and had made the Hadj to Mecca. Now she ran this place, an educational foundation for children, most of whom were orphans and government wards.
If somebody else had been giving this information, I would have listened more closely; but since it was Gloria speaking, I paid only minimal attention to the details. Her comments were just an excuse for me to look into her face, watch her lips moving, and enjoy her voice moderating the hot atmosphere. She had the typical clipped Philippines accent, but every sound that came from her mouth was wonderful.
The main building was a model of efficiency. A kitchen / dining area occupied one end while a large common room took up much of the rest. Two Spartan bedrooms, one of which had been set up for me, and a small office opened out into the common area. I crashed on my cot for a few hours.
Dinner was a simple meal shared with Gloria, a young man named Ping, and Mother. Ping had some official capacity, but I didn’t ask about it, preferring to remain in clueless American mode. Besides, with Gloria around I didn’t give too much of a damn about anybody else. My first Indira Gandhi impression of the director seemed appropriate. She was a woman who enjoyed exercising authority and being the center of attention. I played along with her little power trip, determined to stay on her good side. 
She had a mystical bent, and was searching for some deep meaning behind my appearance – the first Westerner to come here. Well, the second, but she preferred to discount the first one. I could offer no insight. Besides, an aura of mystery might impress Gloria.
Afterwards, I enjoyed a wonderful shower. When I got out, I had to wrap myself into a ridiculous silk toga like garment as all my clothes were being laundered and wouldn’t be ready until morning. My getup looked ridiculous, and I was glad that nobody would see me in it.
I entered the common room. Except for a couch and a few chairs along the walls, the place was empty. A single lamp provided dim illumination, while outside was black and mysterious. The bats must be swarming now, and Gil would be out patrolling with his carbine. Hopefully he’d put the thing back together properly. 
I moved to the main window and lit a cigarette, blowing smoke out the screen. Mother hadn’t specifically banned smoking inside the building, but I didn’t want to cause any problems. The closed door of the second bedroom was only a few feet away, so I tried to be quiet. 
Then the door creaked open and Gloria emerged. I straightened and fumbled with my toga.
“Can’t sleep?” she asked.
“Uh, I had a nap earlier,” I said.
“I can’t sleep, either.” She gestured toward the bedroom. “Mother is tossing around so much. I think she likes to be in charge even when she’s sleeping.”
Poor Gloria. She must have lost her room to make way for me and been forced to bunk in with the director. I felt awkward in my outfit – like a carabao in a china shop. 
“That looks like one of Mother’s old saris,” Gloria said.
“Yes, it is pretty sorry,” I said. 
Gloria laughed softly, and moved next to me at the window. 
“Can you see anything out there, Tyler?”
“Uh, not much. It’s pretty dark.”
“Over there,” she said, “I think I see somebody. Probably one of the guards.”
She was brushing right up against me. As she stretched to look out the window, one breast actually touched my arm. Hot male arousal started blasting through me. 
God! With only this loose drape covering my body, nothing would be left to the imagination. I mean, there’s a time and place for everything, but this could be embarrassing. 
What would I say if Mother suddenly came out? “Hi Babe! How do you like my flag pole?”
I desperately tried to control my lust. What was the un-sexiest thing I could think of? I conjured up an image of the war loving Captain I’d met on Sorak San, his harsh face leering in the campfire. 
No, that was no good – Kathy had been sitting right next to me then. I started getting aroused again. Then Gloria solved the problem.
“You remind me of him,” she said. 
“Who?” I panted.
“The first American man who visited us,” she said.
My ardor vanished, replaced by icy dread. Outside, a gray figure passed in the darkness.
“He was frightening,” Gloria said. “I’m glad he left.”
“Frightening?” I said.
“Oh, not you, Tyler.” She touched my arm, but I felt no electric thrill this time. 
“Where did he go?” I managed to ask.
“He just wandered off. He said he wanted to discover new things out in the forest.”
I attempted a drag on my cigarette, but it was dead. The conversation died out, too, and the possibility of a romantic interlude faded. I retreated to my room.


Chapter 29: Festival Day
“Reflect how you govern a people who believe they ought to be free and think that they are not.” – Edmund Burke

The next day, a festival was being held at a settlement some miles down the Valley. Dignitaries arrived in a jeep and picked up the director. She wanted me to go with them, but, fortunately, the vehicle was full. 
So, I got to walk with Gloria, Debbie, and Ping. Debbie was Gloria’s sister, and she had come in with the jeep. She was nice, and ordinarily I would have been interested, but I decided to observe a basic law of the universe: If you chase two rabbits at the same time, you’ll surely lose both.
Besides, Gloria was sticking to me like glue. She looked adorable in her red flared slacks and yellow top. We strolled along talking about ourselves, our pasts, and our future plans – or lack thereof. Ping and Debbie joined our conversation occasionally. They all had infectious good natures and smiling demeanors. 
As Bob West had said, “It’s hard to feel depressed in the Philippines, even for somebody like you, Tyler.” 
Thanks, Bob. 
I’d thought that Gloria was about my age, but I learned that she was thirty-two and a widow. Her husband had been a gunshot victim. Now I knew the reason for the melancholy deep within her eyes. 
Our pace was leisurely, and I started to feel some concern. The director had mentioned that we were supposed to attend a presentation.
“What time are we expected?” I asked.
“Twelve o’clock,” Gloria.
I looked at my watch, 12:35 already. “We’re late!” 
She gave me a mildly exasperated look. 
“Are they supposed to begin without the participants?” she said, as if explaining something to a small child.
I shelved my rigid Yankee sensibilities. When in Rome – just be late like everybody else. We arrived at last.
The gathering was designated a “Freedom Festival,” and it had definite political overtones. It occupied a large, dusty field where games, music, and food were provided. A stage was set up on the outskirts for people to give speeches. Those sitting on the stage, including the director, were apparently the local movers and shakers. 
The speeches were pretty dull, and the crowd paid scant attention. Then somebody suggested that I, as a “Representative of America,” should make a speech. The idea caught on quickly and, despite my protests, I was hustled to the stage on a wave of popular acclaim. 
Shoved behind the microphone, completely unprepared, I proceeded to make an extemporaneous pro-democracy statement. Before I realized what was happening, my remarks turned into a thinly veiled attack on the Marcos dictatorship in Manila. 
“Political leaders talk about ‘freedom’ and ‘justice,’” I said, “but they have to back up their words.” 
I pointed to what seemed a northerly direction. “They can’t just sit in the capital city claiming to be the ‘for the people’ while, at the same time, they deny basic human rights!”
A wave of horror struck me in the back from the dignitaries, but the crowd applauded enthusiastically. After I left the stage, the director seized the microphone to “clarify” my remarks.
“I really blew that,” I said when I returned to my friends.
“No, no!” Gloria cried. “You said what all of us are thinking!”
So much for the clueless American routine. Anyway, the tempest in a teapot died down soon enough, and Gloria had been impressed – which was the most important thing. A band was playing music for the latest dance craze called the solsa.
“Good grief!” I told Ping “Do you know what ‘solsa’ means in Korean?”
“What?”
“It means diarrhea,” I said.
“Really?” he said. “I think ours is more fun.”
I danced with Gloria, then with Debbie, then with Gloria again. Dang, two women competing for my attention! I couldn’t help feeling puffed up.
Games, food, sunburn. I got pressed into service as a judge for the singing competition. Things took a nasty turn when a disturbance broke out at the nearby cock fighting arena. A security guard fired into the melee, hitting the brother of the barrio captain. 
Agitation swept the crowd. Gloria became highly upset. I led her away so that she could not see the body being carried out. It was definitely time to leave.
An uncle of Gloria and Debbie lived on a small farm nearby, and we stopped to visit him. We sat around the table talking and drinking. The uncle had unsuccessfully run for office at one time and had interesting stories about the rough-edged world of Philippine politics. Electioneering could be a dirty business, he said, and he had been the victim of skullduggery. 
“Yes, I had goons too,” he admitted, referring to the private army he’d recruited for the campaign.
The other candidate apparently had a better goon squad. You had to have some firepower to run for office, the uncle said, though the government crackdown on guns had moderated the situation. 
A storm kicked up and rain pounded the metal roof. The old guy kept talking, unfazed – the dim ceiling light showing through his sparse hair. Thunder roared. Under the table, my hand brushed against Gloria’s, and we entangled fingers. 
Finally the rain stopped, and we took our leave. All except Debbie who was spending the night with her uncle. Ping split off, and then it was just me and Gloria walking together, hand in hand. Gloria played an occasional flashlight beam along our route.
“Do you like it here?” she asked.
“Very much,” I said. “It’s so quiet and friendly.”
“That’s the kind of life you want, Tyler? Quiet and friendly?”
“Yes ... ”
How could I explain? Yes, I wanted a stable existence, and no, I couldn’t tolerate the idea. I wanted to be settled and wandering at the same time. I wanted an excellent woman like Gloria in the center of everything – be loyal to her – and I wanted to blaze a sexual trail across the world. 
“You seem unhappy,” Gloria said. “Why is that?”
She waited for a reply, but I couldn’t give one. I loved being here with her and wished I was thousands of miles away, too. She seemed perfect in the tropical night, yet her presence restricted me with a web of expectations. I looked off into the darkness. Which way had Jon gone? 
Suddenly, Gloria’s hand felt like a vise crushing my own. Light from the admin. building glowed in the distance. 
The rain started again, very heavy now.
“Hurry, this way!” she said.
Gloria trotted ahead, heavy rain drops slanting through her flashlight beam. I plodded behind through the gathering puddles. We entered a small shed. 
Toward the back of the shed the roof leaked a steady drip, but the place was fairly dry and had a sweet, grassy scent. One thing led to another – from lingering kisses, to the first tentative explorations under wet clothing, to a sensuous recline onto the straw. The rain stopped, but neither of us noticed.
Matters were rapidly approaching consummation when a loud blast interrupted everything. Gloria jerked upright.
“What’s that?” she gasped.
Someone cried out in the night. “Ai! Help!” 
Then a string of desperate words in a language I did not understand. 
“That sounds like Gil!” I said.
We fumbled into our clothes and dashed outside. 
Gloria gripped my arm. “Be careful, Tyler.” 
I pushed her behind me and moved as quickly as possible through the darkness. Flashlight beams pinpointed a fallen figure some yards away. We arrived just as Mother and another security guard came on the scene. Gil sprawled on the ground, one hand covering his face, blood seeping through the fingers.
Mother barked something at the other guard. He and I helped Gil up and brought him to the main building. 
“I’m shot! I’m shot!” he kept crying.
We laid him on a sofa. He’d suffered a gash along his face, from the cheek into the hair line. I knew what had happened. The damn fool had been playing with his gun again, and the thing had gone off.
“You’ll live,” Mother said as she bandaged him up. “Go see the doctor in town tomorrow.”
Her tone was almost regretful, as if she wouldn’t have minded too much if the wound had been fatal. 
The romantic mood had been shattered. Gloria was terribly upset and crying, refusing all comfort. Two goddam shootings in one day! They must have conjured up memories of her husband’s death. She went immediately to bed, pausing only long enough to gulp a sleeping pill. Gil spent the night sprawled on the couch while I retreated to my miserable little bedroom alone. 
Of course, I was frustrated as hell. Who wouldn’t be in my place? But I was also oddly relieved. What did I really have to offer this lovely and lonely woman? Just a quick sexual adventure, then more heartache for her when I left. And I would be leaving. 
Maybe this was only rationalization. A little tryst might be all she wanted – a pleasant memory for us both. Who the hell knew? This was a situation out of time and place. 
Tropical insects wound their monotonous serenade.
***
Come morning, I accompanied Gil on his walk to town. Gloria and I talked about getting together again, but we knew it wouldn’t happen. Gil walked morosely, fingering his bandage now and then – no friendly banter, no majorette routine with the rifle. He scarcely spoke at all until we heard a distant explosion.
“What was that?” I said.
Gil brought his carbine to ready position. “Nothing good!” 
The bus station was a pile of smoking rubble when we got to town. Crowds milled about the periphery, restrained by security forces. A terrorist bomb had gone off, we were told, and people had died.
It was way past time to get out of Mindanao. 


Chapter 30: Thailand Respite
“I’m hip about time, but I just gotta go.” – Captain America, speaking in Easy Rider

By the time I got back to Manila, a sad fact was becoming clear: my money was running out. I’d been on Das Road for over two months. Pretty good, but my return home was inevitable – like death or seeing the Frosty Virgin. 
Bob had other ideas, though. He desperately wanted to visit Thailand. I told him to go ahead.
“Come on, Tyler, it wouldn’t be the same without you,” he pleaded. “Just one more country!”
“Man, I’m running out of cash,” I said. “If I don’t get back soon, I’ll have to hitchhike.”
And maybe I’d finally meet that mysterious hitchhiker.
“Don’t worry,” Bob said. “I’ll pay your way. I got lucky at the casino in Macau.”
“No, Bob. I couldn’t allow that.”
“Why not?” Bob said. “Is there some sacred law of the universe against it?”
“Well, no ...”
Bob took my arm. “We’re right here, right now. This is not gonna happen again.”
I hesitated. 
“Come on, Tyler. I’d just blow the money if I took it home.”
“Okay, you’re on,” I said. “But this is just a loan. I will pay you back.”
“Forget it, pal.” He pinched my cheek. “Your smiling face is all the payment I need.”
***
Bangkok was huge, bustling, hot – the streets clogged with motorbikes, cars, and three-wheeled taxis. We moved into a modest hotel and accomplished some sightseeing. Most notably a temple with a 150 foot reclining Buddha figure, gold plated no less, with a serene little smile on his face. 
“He looks pretty satisfied with himself,” Bob said.
“He’s in a state of Nirvana.” 
“Meaning what?”
“He’s found release from the cycle of death and rebirth,” I explained. “He no longer has to suffer with human temptations.”
Bob indicated a nearby Thai girl. She was beautiful, golden skinned and dark eyed.
“I need to suffer more temptations before I’m ready for Nirvana,” Bob said.
We took a boat ride through the canals of the old city  zipping past stilt houses where people bathed and laundered in the brown water. We bought spicy Thai food from a minuscule restaurant boat that seemed about to tip over any moment. Then night set in, and we headed to the notorious Pat Pong bar district. 
The area crawled with foreign men looking for sexual adventure. We entered a bar and made our way to a table near the front. Rock music blasted, lights flashed around the ceiling, and two hot Thai girls danced on a little stage. We sat down, and in moments two other exotic girls were at our side.
“You buy us drinks?” one asked.
“Right on!” Bob cried.
Soon Bob and I were getting tanked on beer while the girls drank some watered down concoction. Bob’s girl lit a cigarette and Frenched the smoke – sending a billow out of her mouth and then languidly inhaling it up her nose. She kept hypnotic eyes fixed on Bob throughout.
“Oh man,” Bob said, “look at that, Tyler! This is my kind of Nirvana.”
“Yeah,” I agreed, “better than getting gold plated, ain’t it?”
I was getting an alcohol buzz and should have been feeling good. Instead, a profound sadness was taking hold. The tacky meat parade of the bar had little to do with love or romance, and I was realizing my crying need for both. Not that there wasn’t anything to be said for unbridled lust, of course. 
The girls on stage finished dancing and descended to enthusiastic applause from a legion of drunk patrons. Other girls mounted the stage. The one beside me looped her arm through mine and said something in my ear. I smiled noncommittally and bought her another drink.
Where the hell did all these women come from, I wondered. What were their lives like? I glanced around at the tables of Westerners. These men must run the whole gamut from decent guys like Bob who were seeking some kind of connection, to mean bastards who got off on mistreating women.
I drained my beer. Yun Hee, Kathy, Gloria. I’d been dragged through every emotion women can elicit. And now this place. I was well on my way to becoming a morose bore and knew it. 
I stood up. “Hey, I’ve got to get going, Bob.”
“The fun’s just starting!” Bob cried.
“No, really, man. I’m not up for it.”
Bob gave me a quizzical look. I knew exactly what he was thinking: There goes Tyler again, pushing away a good time with both hands.
“Okay, pal, catch you later,” he said.
Come morning, I went alone south to the Phuket beaches, staying at a modest bungalow style hotel near the shore. The first day out, as I lounged in the sand, a boy approached me. He hefted a cluster of coconuts in one hand and a gleaming machete in the other. The coconut bunch seemed too large and heavy for him, but he carried it easily.
“You want coconut?” he asked.
He didn’t look unfriendly, but since he had a machete and I didn’t, it seemed wise to make a purchase. I paid him the small amount he asked, and he chopped off a coconut top with one blow. He wielded the big knife with more power than seemed possible in his skinny arm. I took a tentative swig of juice, then downed the whole thing greedily – sweet, invigorating, like a magic elixir almost. 
I obtained a bottle of rum from the hotel bar and kept it in my bag because every day the coconut boy reappeared. Whichever beach I visited, no matter how deserted or isolated, he’d show up with his machete and a huge bunch of coconuts. I came to crave my makeshift cocktails like a drug.
I journeyed several miles away to a pristine diving spot. For hours I hovered above the corals and waving anemones, following the schools of colorful fish and chasing the occasional octopus into a crevice. The crunching of coral-chewing parrot fish seemed to come from everywhere.
A thorny little puffer fish followed me, keeping a position to my right just beyond arm’s length. It would stop when I did, then move at exactly my speed, its huge eye rolling around. 
Floating in the gentle swells, I saw an analogy in a trio of beautiful fish swimming below me. Yun Hee, Kathy, Gloria – two that got away and a third who was willing to be caught but had been tossed back. Something glided past my restricted peripheral vision. I jerked my head around to see a large, dark creature swimming off into the murky distance. 
Maybe that was Jon taking his leave.
I exited the water and, as usual, the coconut boy was there. 
***
Bob arrived with a Thai girl – the cigarette smoke artist from the bar. 
“I love this country!” he cried. “Why didn’t the Peace Corps assign me here?”
“It is beautiful,” I said.
“I met this American guy in Bangkok, his name’s Paul,” Bob said. “He’s a former PCV, and he’s got an English teaching job at a university now. The pay isn’t great, he says, but look at the fringe benefits!”
He gestured toward the girl, then continued in a conspiratorial tone. “She’s got a friend who will come down from Bangkok for you.”
I shook my head. “Think I’ll keep my bathing suit on. Thanks anyway.”
“I figured you’d say that,” Bob said. “You know, Tyler, you missed your calling.”
“How so?”
“You should have been a monk.”
A few days later we boarded a plane for home and our DAS ROAD adventure came to an end.




Five: Restless Interlude


Chapter 31: Return
“Salami.” – James Tipton, Alma College Dept. of English

The mind-numbing flight ended at Los Angeles. I shuffled through customs like a robot – mouthing replies to standardized questions – then lurched out into the giant, bustling airport proper. Home at last. 
Only it didn’t feel like home. So many big, overweight people, so many Western faces! I felt disorientated, like somebody who’d undergone a near-death experience and was no longer accustomed to earthly reality. 
We retreated to a little pub type restaurant in the main terminal. The waitress came quickly, thank heaven, as I badly needed a drink. She was an attractive black girl, and I could not tear my eyes off her. 
“I know she’s hot,” Bob said after she’d left, “but screw your eyeballs back in, buddy.”
“I haven’t seen a black woman in a year and a half,” I said. “Everything is so ... new. I feel like I’ve just been dropped here from Mars.”
“Yeah,” Bob said. “It’s like we left most of ourselves back in Asia, isn’t it?”
He slugged down a beer and burger while I savored a vodka martini with my club sandwich. 
“I’ll be back in a little while.” Bob stood up. “Have another drink; the check’s on me.”
“Thanks, Bob.”
I settled into my ersatz leather chair and tried to relax. The air felt chilly on my sunburned skin, and it carried the aroma of now unfamiliar foods – steaks, burgers, fries. I savored the first green olive in many months. Outside in the wide corridor, people maneuvered past – all of them harassed and rushed – while inside the pub a dim serenity reigned. I ordered another drink.
God, did I need a shower! That would be the first thing, get a room and crash. Then maybe sight see in Los Angeles a couple days. I’d always wanted to visit Disneyland. Bob returned as I was chewing my second olive, hefting a beer in one hand and a martini in the other.
“Whoa,” I said, “I’m going to float out of here!”
“So what?” Bob said. “You’re not planning on driving, are you?”
I took the martini glass, and Bob clinked it with his beer mug.
“Thanks, Tyler, it’s been real.”
“So it has.” 
He downed his beer quickly. “Well, gotta go, Tyler. My plane for Detroit leaves in an hour.” 
I was stunned. “You’re not even going to stay overnight?”
Bob shook his head. “Naw, better to wrap things up quick, don’t you think?”
“Well ... sure.”
We exchanged addresses and shook hands. Then Bob was gone. Just like that, the most important individual in my life for many weeks simply vanished. A void ripped open in my world. 
Well, at least nobody could accuse Bob of wasting time with extended good-byes. 
I gazed into my glass – my Jon Glass. The olive stared back with a malevolent crimson pupil. I stabbed it with the little plastic sword and popped it in my mouth.
***
The next day I caught a plane home, arriving mid afternoon. I didn’t call anyone, as I wanted my arrival to be a surprise. Through a combination of airport shuttle and suburban buses, I got to Allendale by four thirty and walked the last mile to our house. 
I felt like an alien tramping the orderly suburban streets in my dirty Cheju Do sweater and scuffed boots – a shabby bag slung over each shoulder, Jewel Eye bumping on my hip. The sidewalk seemed to glide under my feet, as pristine as the yellow brick road – except it was not leading out to adventure but back from it. The concrete ribbon ran past houses amazingly large and tidy. 
A police car slowed, and the officer gave me a good eyeing over. God, did I look that bad? I smiled and tried to appear innocuous; the car drove on. Gray, leafless autumn was far advanced, and a chilly mist hung in the air. 
What a change from Thailand! I stopped to transfer my camera into a shoulder bag so as to protect it from the damp. When I looked up, two small children were staring up at me wide-eyed. I resisted the temptation to cry “Boo!”
Mom was home alone when I appeared on the doorstep. 
“Tyler, you’re so thin!” was about the first thing she said.
Talking was difficult because Chief, our collie, had gone mad with joy – practically knocking me over. I had to take him out to the yard before he destroyed the house. When I came back in, covered with long collie hair, Mom had poured two glasses of wine.
“Welcome home, Son,” she said.
I took a glass and placed my free arm around her shoulders. “I love you, Mom.” 
We downed the wine. Mom’s face flushed pink.
“Whew!” She fanned herself with her hands. “I’m not used to that.”
I poured myself another glass. “More?”
“No, no!” She picked up the phone.
“Please don’t call anybody yet,” I said. “I want to make some surprise visits first.”
She reluctantly put the phone down. “All right, Tyler. That’s your style, isn’t it?”
We enjoyed a fine conversation for some minutes until Chief’s insistent barking made further talk impossible. I brought him in through the side door by the basement stairs. His wagging tail pounded the wall as he wrapped himself around my legs and blocked my way off the landing.
“Some boxes came for you,” Mom called. “They’re in the basement.”
Since I couldn’t get off the landing anyway, I headed downstairs. Chief clattered after me on the linoleum covered steps. The boxes I’d mailed were all there, with their contents of personal affects, souvenirs, and presents for the family. 
I heard the front door open. Ed was back, and I knew that the happy talk reunion was over. I heard Mom’s enthusiastic voice, Ed’s monosyllabic replies. I went back upstairs.
“Thanks for sending the money,” I said, shaking Ed’s hand.
“Sure, Tyler,” he said, “don’t mention it.”
He had a smile pasted on, but I could tell that the same old face was still underneath it. Off to the side, Mom beamed with pleasure.
I went upstairs to my old room. It was just the same as when I’d left, including the little kid ceiling light shaped like a wagon wheel. It was familiar and alien at the same time – smaller than I’d remembered. I peered out the dormer window at the rows of tract homes. Kids next door were shooting baskets through a garage-mounted hoop.
In Seoul, my two-story house stood out among the traditional dwellings with their curving tiled roofs, walled courtyards, and gates facing a lane too narrow for automobiles. Vendors pushed their carts down the paving stones selling produce to the Korean housewives. Nearby, just across the main street, was Kyungbok Palace where the Korean emperors once lived. The elegant pagoda of the National Museum towered above the wall of the palace grounds. 
Dinner was a depressing affair. Mom cooked some steaks she’d been saving, and she even put on easy listening music. Ed’s sullen demeanor put a damper on any good cheer, though. By the time we finished the salad, his face had assumed its customary stony set, the jaw muscles bunched tense even when he wasn’t chewing. 
Actually, he still was chewing – on his bottled up anger and resentment. And now that I was back on the scene, he had something else to gnaw on. Mom’s bubbly chatter wove through the musical pabulum without competition from Ed or me. I had a nickname for Ed: Mr. Envy. 
He was angry that he was a pasty middle-aged guy instead of a dashing young buck; resentful that he didn’t “have no education” and was the proprietor of a little hardware store instead of a bank president. He harbored jealous inferiority feelings because he knew that Mom was out of his league and that I was smarter than him. He’d never dare confront me directly, but his sullen resentment was a black hole in our family. 
How had Don Quixote put it? “Envy produces nothing in the heart that bears it but rage, rancor, and disgust.” 
Maybe this was just my limited take on things – possessive feelings, loyalty for Dad – but I doubted that. I knew in my heart that I’d be happy if Mom found a nice guy. 
So why did she dig up this yo-yo? Beats the hell out of me. All I knew for sure was that I wanted out of this place. I retreated upstairs to unwind. 
Later, as I was creeping down for a glass of milk, I overheard a conversation.
“Tyler didn’t want me to tell anybody yet,” Mom said. “I’ll hold off another day, but tomorrow night I’m inviting everyone to a surprise welcome home party.”
“That’s nice,” Ed said.
“Is Saturday good?”
Ed grunted.
I turned in early and dreamed of springtime in the Korean mountains.


Chapter 32: The Pilgrimage
Your Honeywell Pentax Spotmatic II is the finest photographic instrument on the market – Operating Manual

By morning, I felt able to make some plans. My top priority was to purchase car insurance and get my Chevy out of storage. After that would come the employment search, my own place, and a girlfriend somewhere along the way. Everything would have to wait a bit, though, for this was visiting day. 
Outside was unseasonably warm and bursting with sunshine. I decided to walk with Chief to Victor’s house five miles away, figuring that Victor would be home. Mom had said that he was on temporary suspension from his post office job. I hadn’t asked for details. 
I sliced off a plastic milk jug bottom to make a water bowl for Chief. He went wild with joy at the prospect of an outing, barking and jumping around so much that I could barely get his collar on. I slung Jewel Eye over my shoulder and was ready to go. 
We walked to the corner and turned left at the boulevard. A block later we passed the elementary school Victor and I had attended. The once familiar streets now seemed entirely new. A car slowed and two little kids poked their heads out the windows.
“Look, it’s Lassie!” they cried.
Chief gave them a regal glance and then turned away, nose in the air. 
Collies were edgy, high maintenance dogs that few people owned, and gorgeous specimens like Chief were particularly rare. Mom had brought him to the campus when she’d delivered my Pentax, and he’d caused a minor sensation. Girls I didn’t even know came up to hug and kiss him. 
Damn, I’d thought, that dog’s got something I could use!
A block later, I noticed an untied boot lace and stopped in front of a house to fix it. Chief sat waiting on the sidewalk, surveying the neighborhood haughtily. A minuscule black Scottie trotted down the driveway. Chief leaned down toward it, curious and sniffing. The Scottie bit him on the nose. 
Chief jerked away, eyes bulging with amazement. This was hardly the deference he’d expected. The Scottie strutted back the way it had come. 
“Guess we know who the boss is around here,” I said. “Let’s go.”
This wasn’t Mindanao or high country Korea, yet it still had power. I wanted a sense of adventure, so I invented my own. Most kids were at school, people were at work, and the area was largely deserted – mystery lurked under its surface. The noon hour approached. Didn’t the ancient Romans believe that ghosts wandered about at noon?
We crossed Allendale Road and turned left past the upscale houses, then through the traffic light where Allendale Road turned commercial. We transitioned seamlessly into the next suburb. I took my Pentax out of its case. Squinting through the viewfinder, I imagined myself treading some back road in Korea.
Wouldn’t it have been great if Chief had been there? He was such a great friend and protector. He wouldn’t have hesitated to rip a leg off anybody he perceived as a threat to me or Mom. 
Not so Ed. He didn’t like Ed, and Ed was afraid of him. 
Once Ed was in the den listening to the ball game on his big portable radio. Chief walked in and, with a sweep of his paw, knocked the radio off the end table. Ed was too scared to move. Chief swaggered from the room having established his ascendancy. 
Sidewalk became dirt path along a tacky little urban woods with sundry pieces of trash scattered around. I kept a lookout for broken glass. A huge traffic backup jammed the road ahead, courtesy of a freight train creeping through the next intersection. 
“Damn!” 
Watching trains clank slowly by always irritated the hell out of me. It seemed so arrogant for them. And the freight train ahead was no Shinkonsin.
But as I cleared the woods, a small bar appeared – like a Mayan temple emerging from the jungle greenery. I secured Chief’s leash to a signpost outside the door and entered. A doleful, middle-aged guy and a couple of frazzled looking women sitting at the bar looked my way. I smiled. They turned back to the rubbishy talk show on the TV hanging from the ceiling. 
“What’ll you have?” the girl behind the bar asked.
“Whatever you’ve got on tap,” I said, “and a large glass of water, please, no ice.”
The establishment was generally run down with a worn carpet and battered furnishings. Some of the bar stools and chairs sported cracked vinyl upholstery, and the whole place smelled slightly musty. 
A bumper sticker plastered to the bar mirror read: “I tried to see things from your viewpoint, but I couldn’t get my head that far up my ass.”
My order arrived.
“Be right back,” I said.
I took the water outside. The door had been propped open, probably to air the place out. I poured the water into Chief’s makeshift bowl, and he lapped noisily. Traffic was still halted by the train, so I had time to go back inside and savor the ambiance.
Me, the middle-aged guy, and the two women comprised the sum total of customers. We sat along the bar like a convocation of the Losers’ Club. The bartender was talking about a mysterious man named Jonny, “the Ghost,” who lived upstairs. 
She claimed that when she was in the bar alone – closing up at night – he would creep around on the floor above, scaring her. She’d play music to cover up his eerie footsteps, but then the electricity would fail. She believed that he was able to shut off the power from upstairs.
A telephone repair man arrived and busied himself with some wiring in the nether regions beyond the pool table.
“This phone behind the bar has been out since yesterday,” the girl explained.
Suddenly the phone rang and everyone flinched. She snatched it up.
“Hello ... hello?” 
No reply.
“Was that you ringing?” she called back to the repairman.
“No, ma’am!” he said.
“It must have been Jonny, then,” she said. “See what I mean?”
The front and rear doors, both of which had been open, suddenly slammed shut. Jonny again, or just the wind? But it wasn’t windy outside. Time to leave. 
Chief and I circumvented the building outside. The upper story, painted ominous green, had no windows – although several had been cinder blocked in. A metal door offered access to an exterior stairway. I peered up the stairs; they were dark and foreboding like a covered bridge the Headless Horseman might come riding down. 
What the heck kind of guy would be living up there? 
We approached the freeway interchange. Nature still held on bravely by the entrance ramp – some landscaping, a few trees. In a small marshy area, a discarded bicycle lay partly submerged in the muck. I christened it the End of the Road Bike and took a picture. 
“Kind of sums up my present life, eh Boy?” I told Chief, who wagged his tail happily. “It’s going nowhere, stuck in the mud.”
Was that the underlying purpose of my walk, to see this depressing symbol? No. The true reason had unfolded itself to me gradually.
I was performing a childish ritual, I understood, attempting a pilgrimage back to a happier reality. By exposing myself to the “perils” of the open road, I hoped to somehow rediscover a time where things were better. At the end of my pilgrimage, if I kept my naïve faith intact, I would find the old Victor – the easy-going, condescending, wise assed elder brother I loved so much.
I’d even brought Chief on my quest. Chief had originally been Victor’s dog – a puppy back when he’d first gone off to college. Then Victor had flunked out, been drafted for Vietnam, and come home an entirely different and frightening person. Chief had been left behind; all of us had been.
We walked under the freeway overpass, steeply banked concrete walls pressing in on either side. The roar of traffic echoed about the cave-like enclosure. As I waited for the light to change at the next intersection, a gray-haired man carrying a bulging plastic trash bag approached from across the road. He was obviously lost in his mind and was mumbling nonsense, mostly just a singsong: “yeah ... yeah.”
We easily outdistanced him. But then I stopped to buy a cigar at a tobacco shop. By the time I got outside again and lit up, the “Yeah, Yeah” man was ahead of us. Worse, another befuddled person was coming down the sidewalk from the opposite direction, a young man. I detoured through some parking spaces. The two men on the sidewalk exchanged nonsensical words. 
We arrived at a neighborhood of modest single story houses. The blue wooden siding of Victor’s place was showing its age in contrasted to the aluminum covered walls of the neighboring houses. We climbed the front porch and rang the bell. Victor yanked the door open.
“Tyler!” he shouted. “How you been, Bro?”
We entered the living room. Victor flung his arms around me in a bear hug, then transitioned to a headlock. Chief jumped about barking, uncertain whose side to take.
“Godammit,” I said, “let go!” 
Victor released the hold. 
“You’re not the high school wrestling champ any more,” I said.
“How true, how true! Great to see you, Tyler!”
He shook my hand vigorously and socked my arm. Well, it hadn’t taken him long to reestablish who the senior brother was! Anytime you saw brothers together, no matter if they were kids or old men, you just knew who wielded the Authority. 
It was always there, even if it no longer had any real basis. I could have broken the headlock, thrown Victor down. When we were kids and I’d been overmatched, I’d fought back full force, but now that I had surpassed Victor, I didn’t care to challenge his status any more.
Besides, it was all part of the illusion. Victor seemed like his old self. Maybe my pilgrimage had paid off. But then he broke out the beers. I hesitated.
“Kind of early in the day,” I said.
This was a rather lame protest, since I’d just come from a bar.
“Hell with that!” Victor popped a tab and started guzzling.
It was obvious I couldn’t dissuade him from drinking, so I took a beer myself. We made ham sandwiches, smothered with horseradish, and ate them with potato chips. We gave Chief a hefty slice of ham and dispatched him to the backyard. We talked over old times, and my new times overseas.
Things were great for a while, but by the third beer the meanness and anger started coming out. Victor’s conversation strayed from the good old days to the troubled present. He spoke of “my fucking job,” and “my fucking boss,” and worst of all, “my damn wife.” As in: 
“My damn wife is always on my case about something!” 
or: 
“My damn wife takes Jason to church with her. Doesn’t she realize there isn’t any God?” 
An almost unbearable sadness bore down on me. I pressed a palm against my eye to hold the tears back, pretending that it was just the powerful horseradish making my eyes smart. I forced myself to swill the last two beers so as to exhaust the supply before Victor got worse. 
Then Sharon, the “damn wife,” came home with Jason.
“Uncle Ty Ty!” Jason yelled, and jumped into my arms with five-year-old enthusiasm.
“Hey, Big Guy!” I said. “How’s it going?”
And he was quite a bit bigger than when I’d left, a real armful. I set him down. Sharon embraced me and kissed my cheek. When she pulled away, I saw the haggard look underneath her smile. 
“Welcome back, Tyler,” she said.
She glanced at the empty beer cans. Victor remained seated, coldly silent. The dog barked in the yard.
“Chief!” Jason cried.
He charged out the back door and I followed. Chief practically knocked Jason over with ecstatic joy, his tail wagging so fast I thought it would spin him around. He ran off for a stick and dropped it by Jason who threw as far as possible with his tiny arm. I knelt down beside the little boy.
“Now, don’t tell anybody, because it’s a secret,” I said.
“Yeah?” Jason’s eyes lit up with devilish glee, the precise expression his father once used.
“Grandma is having a surprise party for me Saturday, and you’re invited,” I said.
Jason clapped his hands.
“And,” I lowered my voice, “there just might be some presents for you – all the way from Korea, or maybe even China.”
“What are they?” Jason jumped up and down. “Tell me!”
“That’s a secret, too. You’ll have to come and find out.”
I heard Victor and Sharon arguing inside the house and instantly decided to leave. 
Sharon drove us home, me up front, Jason in the back with Chief. Her tense expression and continuously burning cigarettes spoke volumes about their family situation. The car stank from old smoke. She looked much older than I’d remembered. 
I could say nothing to her aside from a little idle chit chat. There was nothing I or anybody else could do for Victor. He was beyond our love.
We arrived at the house; Chief and I disgorged from the car. 
“See you at the party Saturday?” I said by way of farewell.
“We’ll be there,” Sharon said.
“Hey,” Jason protested, “that’s supposed to be a secret!”


Chapter 33: Grandfather Alois
For him, the universe did not extend beyond the circumference of her petticoat. – Madame Bovary, Gustave Flaubert

I exchanged Chief for Mom’s car and drove out to see Grandfather Alois. It was only about six miles, but the change in ambiance was noteworthy as I transitioned to a grittier, less prosperous inner suburb. This was the old French Canadian neighborhood.
In previous generations, Canadian immigrants had come to work in the local heavy industries. They were not pleased when the Hungarians subsequently arrived. Dad had told me about the youthful battles with the French kids – the “Frogs” versus the “Hunkies.” 
We were all homogenized white persons now, and the French people were gone. The Hungarians had pretty much transitioned out, too, except for Grandpa. 
I passed the housekeeper on the walk and exchanged friendly nods with her. Grandfather stood in the doorway with an astonished, almost frightened expression creasing his kindly old face.
“Hello, Grandpa!” I called.
“Tyler!”
I entered the house and grasped a gnarled hand. 
“For a moment I thought it was your father out there,” Grandpa said. “I thought my time on this earth was over and he was coming for me.”
“Oh, Grandpa, what a thing to say!” 
“You look just like him, Tyler.” He brushed my cheek with his crooked fingers. “You’re all grown up.”
I was embarrassed by these words coming in Grandpa’s thick Hungarian accent. I  cast about for a change of subject.
“Wow, you’ve really fixed things up,” I said.
The change in the house was remarkable – new carpeting, light-colored paint. The bulky, oppressive furniture had all been replaced by modern pieces.
“The housekeeper made coffee,” Grandpa said. “Or would you like something stronger?”
By “something stronger” I figured he meant kümmel, the horrific caraway seed liqueur he liked to drink. It was almost as bad as Chinese rocket fuel.
“Coffee’s fine,” I said quickly.
I headed for the kitchen and mixed cups for both of us. The kitchen, too, was nicely refurbished and modern.
“So, you like my haz?” Grandpa said when I returned with our coffee.
Haz? What the hell’s that, I wondered.
“Oh, yes, the house.” I said. “It’s beautiful, Grandpa.”
He took a long swig of coffee. “I vorrked hard all my life, Tyler, and Margit was a frugal woman. She always feared we’d starve like her people did in the old country.”
He gestured to her portrait on the side table. Grandma looked severe, her hair drawn up in a bun. You could tell that she had once been very attractive. Hell, she wouldn’t have looked bad in the picture if she’d smiled and had a better hair style.
“Why keep that old stuff around to remind me?” Grandpa said. “She’s all I think about anyway, her and Istvan.”
Meaning my dad, Stephen.
“Such a wicked fate,” Grandpa sighed, “to outlive my only son.” 
Silence while we shared our mutually painful memory. Then Grandpa started counted on his fingers. 
“I got my annuities, pension with medical insurance, Social Security,” he said. “Why save it, so’s I can buy myself a fancier coffin?”
Elderly people sure got fixated on depressing topics.
“Excuse me, Grandpa,” I said. “Think I’ll check on my car.”
I went out to the small garage and pulled up the door. Inside reposed my Chevy Nova – my freedom chariot. I ran my fingers reverently over the coppery gold paint and peered in at the black vinyl interior. Memories flooded in, especially those involving college, girlfriends, and the back seat – the sessions with Julie that never quite made it to the grand finale.
I patted the hood. “Hello, old paint. How’s it hanging?”
Once, when I was very young, I’d watched Dad working on our old Mercury. I’d asked him if he had ever thought of driving around the world.
“Sure,” he’d said. “I’ll bring along Tarzan and Jungle Jim. They can each drive half way while I sleep on the back seat.”
A deep sense of loss surged up with this recollection. Why had I quit the Peace Corps? 
Idiot! 
I would have given anything to be back in the Korean mountains. Could I drive back there somehow – jump in the Nova and motor up through the Bering Straits? Or maybe roar back to LA and plunge into the ocean, submarine-like, all the way to the Philippines and Gloria. 
What kind of car did Jon Glass drive?
I returned to the haz in a melancholy mood. Grandfather had lightened up, though.
“Tell me what’s it like in all dem countries,” he said. 
I began a quick review. I spoke of the long, exhausting charter flight to Seoul. I told him about training in Choon Chun, my middle school classes, my travels around Oori Nara. Grandpa had closed his eyes, head resting on the sofa back. I thought he’d nodded off, so I stopped talking. He opened his eyes. 
“Keeping going,” he said.
When I was a kid, Grandpa had reminded me of Field Marshal von Hindenburg with his iron gray hair and handlebar mustache. He’d seemed gigantic, now he was shrunken down with hair and mustache turned white. I resumed my narrative.
Grandpa listened quietly, a little smile on his face. Sometimes his fingers tapped the sofa arm, other times his feet moved slightly, as if he were treading the Asian byways with me. He only interrupted once.
“How are the Korean girls, Tyler?”
“Lovely.”
“I thought you might bring one home,” Grandpa said.
“No ... things didn’t work out that way.”
I continued talking. When I got to the part when the money arrived, a lightning bolt of truth flashed in my mind.
“That money was really yours, Grandpa!” I said.
“What’s that?” He turned an ear my direction.
“Don’t try the hard-of-hearing dodge,” I said. “The money was from you. Ed was just the messenger.”
Grandpa shrugged. “All right, you figured it out. I thought you might not spend the money if you knew it was from ‘poor old Grandpa.’ But didn’t I just tell you how rich I am?”
I put my arms around him and kissed him on the cheek, just like when I was Jason’s age. Another lightning flash went off. 
“And my camera, too, right?” I said.
“Yes, yes, so I paid for your camera,” Grandpa said. “Must I go to the firing squad for that?”
I thought of the matching fund that had miraculously appeared when I’d bought the Nova, and of another one for Victor’s first car. I didn’t mention this, as Grandpa seemed to treasure his secret generosities. He turned nostalgic.
“When I came to America, I was about your age,” he said. “I wanted to see the world! Then I met Margit. Her parents were gone, but her older brother watched her like a hawk. He had as much authority as her father would.”
Ah yes, the older brother Authority. 
“He favored me because I was meister ember ... a skilled craftsman,” Grandpa said. “Still, I had to act fast. A girl as beautiful as your grandmother wouldn’t stay unmarried long.”
He glanced at her portrait. “She’ll be coming for me soon enough.”
I tried to sidetrack further depressing comments. “So, did you ever get to travel?”
He shook his head. “Maybe I wasn’t meant for adventures. I’m too old now, anyway. But when I hear you speak, I feel young again.”
I got up to leave. “I’ll be back in a couple days for my car.”
“Good.”
“We can go for a drive,” I said. “Maybe pick up some babes?”
“Ach!” Grandpa waved his hand.


Chapter 34: The Frustration Waltz
During the whole of a dull, dark, and soundless day in the autumn of the year, when the clouds hung oppressively low in the heavens, I had been passing alone ... through a singularly dreary tract of country. – The Fall of the House of Usher, by Edgar Allen Poe

Weeks passed, and my frustration rose. Several days of heavy rain added to the gloom. 
I signed up at an employment agency. Betty, my agent, wasn’t ecstatic about my prospects. Corporations were not beating down the doors to hire English literature majors, she said, although a “smart young man” like me might be salvageable. 
She sent me on interviews for insurance investigator jobs. There was apparently a great need for such persons. I did poorly, however much I tried to rally some enthusiasm. 
“Where do you see yourself in five years?” one interviewer asked.
“As King of the Universe,” I felt like saying, but mouthed something pre-packaged instead. Unremarkably, I didn’t get the job.
On the positive side, my Philippine insect bites finally healed, leaving dime-sized scars. 
My childhood home closed in on me like a vice. At least Ed worked long hours at the hardware store; and when he was around, I arranged to be someplace else as much as possible. Mom was always complaining about Ed. He was cold and uncommunicative, she’d say. Couldn’t I speak to him and see what the problem was?
Hello, Mom! Everybody, including you, knew what Ed was like. You picked him anyway, for some unfathomable reason, so he’s your headache. And, no, I don’t care what his problem is. All I know is the solution – the front door and a boot in the ass. I didn’t use these exact words, but Mom caught my drift. 
I started practicing at a judo club. Judo was the one sport I had a talent for. I’d started in early high school and enjoyed the combative aspect. I thought I might be good at wrestling, too, but had decided against trying out for the school team. It would have brought a lot of pressures. Besides, Victor had been on the team. Always I’d be “Little Victor” and constantly compared to him. 
Victor’s wrestling prowess had brought our school to the verge of the championship when a knee injury forced him to quit. This was part of the reason for his cavalier attitude about college. He’d dropped out, losing his draft deferment. He’d believed that he’d fail any military physical, but they’d passed him and sent him to the Vietnam meat grinder.
The Judo club ran along informal lines with students practicing under various Japanese instructors. I was drawn to Mr. Itami, a.k.a. Señor Strangle, who taught combat jujitsu techniques. He was a small, unimposing guy, but he’d take you down hard and wrap around you like an octopus. Soon he’d have you in a choke hold or an excruciating joint lock. 
“Position and leverage, more important than strength,” he’d say in his poor English. 
Mr. Itami was always at the club. I began to wonder if – when the last person switched off the lights – he’d go inanimate, sitting in the darkness wearing his crisp white gi and black belt, waiting for the lights to come back on. He said that I reminded him of his best student whom he’d trained at another school.
I hung a heavy punching bag in the basement. I practiced hard – moving in, striking, stepping back, performing my frustration waltz. 
What was Jon Glass up to, I wondered as I pummeled the bag. His situation couldn’t resemble my spirit-crushing predicament.
I took to wandering desolate areas of the town – railroad tracks, polluted creek beds, abandoned factories. These grim surroundings matched the dreariness inside me, and they offered a sense of  adventure, however bogus. If I couldn’t trek the Mindanao byways, at least I could travel here. 
Sometimes I’d find evidences of vagrants and homeless type people – cardboard huts, old mattresses, extinguished camp fires. I got to calling these desolate locales the “Bum Nation.”
One day I headed out to “Dead River” along the northern border of town. A heavy, ominous atmosphere prevailed, like something from the Dark Shadows TV show. The last of my ready cash jingled in my pocket. I planned to buy a quart of beer later. 
The whole atmosphere spoke of ruin – a willful destruction of nature. As part of a “flood control” project, the river has been wrenched from its natural course and forced into a concrete channel. The banks were paved over, with only a hardy patch of scrub poking through here and there. I drew my collar tighter and gripped my umbrella against the drizzle. Thunder rumbled in the distance.
Along the top the slope, a fence with “No Trespassing” signs barricaded scruffy woods, creating a sense of entrapment. I was as channelized as the river. 
I kept to a fast pace along the top of the concrete bank. The river was high, though scarcely moving, and slick water covered much of the bank. A rapid slip down the concrete and into the river was a real possibility for the unwary. 
A camper, discarded from some pickup truck bed, lay tumbled on its side. A freeway overpass thrust its way across this lifeless void. I made my way down to it.
All was silent beneath the overpass except for dripping water and the occasional rumble of a passing vehicle. A dank odor permeated everything. Rubbish littered the ground, and anti-social graffiti covered every concrete pillar – layered masses of words and pictures, many of them obscene. 
Somebody had painted a flaming devil head. Two skeletons bracketed it, one with a red, dripping heart. Various words of wisdom protruded from the general mass, including: “Get Bent,” “Fuck the Police,” and “Fuck the World.” 
Who had drawn all this disturbed, angry stuff? I could imagine a West Side Story type brawl going on here, people shooting drugs, all sorts of dreadfulness. I studied the tangled graffiti, trying to discern anything familiar – some Korean letters, perhaps. 
There they were! 
Barely discernible in the visual mayhem – the angular letters of the Korean alphabet, too small to decipher from this distance. I moved in for a closer look, and the ground became more slippery. I paused to steady myself. 
The sluggish river below looked dark and polluted, but I moved closer to it on the slick concrete. If I could just get a closer look ... were those English letters alongside the Korean ones ... right by the “Fuck the World” invitation? 
I was leaning at a dangerous angle against the slope now, and the soles of my hiking boots seemed ready to give up their grip any second.
“That’s right, by God,” a voice said. “Fuck the world!”
I jerked around, nearly losing my footing in the process. A vagrant was standing nearby with a plastic trash bag over his shoulder. He was gaunt and grizzled against the overcast sky and wore a black raincoat over his hooded sweatshirt. 
I scrambled back up the slope toward him.
“You’re damn straight,” I said.
“It’s the world that keeps men such as us from doing what we want, eh?” the vagrant said.
“Yeah,” I agreed.
He laughed, displaying bad teeth. Then he took out a filthy cigarette butt and stuck it in his mouth. His gnarled hands moved with surprising gracefulness.
“You got a match?” he said.
“Don’t smoke that!” I said.
I took out my pack and gave him several cigarettes, then lit one for each of us.
“You’re a true gentleman,” the man said. 
We stood smoking quietly for a while, observing the dismal landscape. This seemed to be the very heart of the Bum Nation. Here, I was beyond the edge of everything worthwhile. My new acquaintance spied a beer can lying in the weeds and added it to his bag.
“You wouldn’t happen to have any spare change?” he said. “You see, I don’t have enough returnables, and ...”
“Sure.”
I gave him my beer money. 
“Thanks, pal!” A smile spread across his leathery face. “I hope it comes back to you.”
***
The moment I got home, the phone rang. It was Betty calling from her office with the knickknacks on the desk and the Agent of the Year awards on the wall. 
“You studied journalism, right?” she asked.
“Uh, yeah.” I recalled the single class I’d taken my freshman year.
“I’ve got a lead,” Betty said. “It’s just a small bi-weekly newspaper, but it might be a good foot in the door. Interested?”
“Yes,” I said.
Why not?


Chapter 35: Cub Reporter
The next day, I drove fifteen miles south to the small, semi-rural community of Rosewood. Twenty four hours earlier I’d been standing under a graffiti overpass talking with some poor vagrant. Now I was zipping along the same freeway dressed in my best clothes, headed for the Clarion newspaper office. 
After some initial confusion, I stopped at a strip mall drug store and asked directions from the assistant manager. Her name was Lynn, according to her name tag.
“The Clarion office? Sure, it’s close by,” she said.
She came outside with me and pointed across the road toward an enormous, three-story house. The place looked something like the Norman Bates residence from the Psycho movie, except that it was made of brick. Tacked to the side of this monstrosity was a newer, one-story structure. 
“Over there,” she said, “It’s in the office wing, next to the insurance agency.”
I didn’t waste much time looking across the road, as Lynn provided a far more attractive vista. She had jet black hair, almond eyes, and an excellent figure that even the drab store uniform couldn’t hide. She seemed a bit older than me, later 20’s – enough maturity so that she could teach you a few things. I tried to see if she wore a ring, but she had placed her left hand inside her vest pocket to protect it from the chill air.
“You’re not from around here?” she asked.
“No. I’m interviewing for a reporter job.”
“Well, good luck ... ” 
“Tyler,” I said.
“Good luck, Tyler,” she said. “I hope you get the job. Stop in and see us again.” 
Man, she didn’t have to say that twice! 
I drove across the road and parked in the dirt lot beside the Norman Bates office wing. With a certain amount of trepidation, I approached the door marked “Clarion.” A thunderous racket issued through it. I opened the door, and the noise became ear splitting. The place was dim and empty except for a lone, middle-aged woman banging away at the keyboard of some diabolical machine.
“Excuse me!” I called over the noise.
She looked up, and the racket mercifully stopped.
“I have an appointment to see Mr. Vance Cooper.”
“He’s out on a story,” she said. “Have a seat.”
She directed me to a chair in front of a large, battered desk with an overflowing ash tray. 
“Thanks.”
I sat down, and the infernal racket resumed. I picked up the previous issue of the Clarion. It was a 32-page tabloid with the motto “Ringing True” written along the top. Beneath this was a list of the area served – Rosewood and a few neighboring communities.
The lead story concerned a US congressman who was in town speaking about federal flood relief. The heavy rains had overflowed nearby rivers causing much property damage. Inside the paper were more items of local interest – school events, business news. The garden club announced that it was canceling its meeting, “since many of our members were flooded out of their homes.” 
Special features included: 
Straight Talk from the Mayor – A tough anti-crime message above a photograph of Mayor Strobell seated at his desk, jabbing a pencil at the reader. 
Cogitations, by W J Presnell – A jumble of impressions about sports, politics, etc. A picture of an older guy in a baseball cap accompanied the column. 
A page near the back contained funeral home ads, obituaries, and a horoscope. Mine read: 
“You will become impulsive with a member of the opposite sex. You are inclined to stir up animosity.”
I glanced at my watch. The interview should have started ten minutes ago. I returned to the paper. Below the horoscope ran a little wire service filler:

American Finds Lost Tribe
Manila – Former U.S. Peace Corps volunteer Jon Glass has reported discovering a previously unknown tribe in the Philippine rain forest. His sighting is being investigated by government authorities.

A heavy set man of medium height entered the office. He walked somewhat awkwardly, as if weight and a touch of arthritis hampered him. I stood to shake hands. The pounding of the infernal machine came to a blessed halt. 
“So you’re here?” he said. “Good.”
He plunked down at the desk and lit a cigarette. He looked around 60. His face had a craggy, unhealthy look, and the tip of his nose was enlarged, as if he knew the true meaning of a drink.
“The bus drivers are picketing the School Board office,” Vance said, then paused for a minor coughing bout.
He had some kind of Southern accent – a soft contrast to his rough features. I took an instant liking to him.
“Go check things out,” he said. “Get the drivers’ side of the story.”
“Well, uh ...” I said.
He pushed a battered Nikon across the desk. 
“Take some pictures. Then stop at the police station and check for any new crime reports.”
“I ...”
“When you get back, write up the stories and give them to Phyllis for type setting.”
“Yes, sir,” I said. 
I picked up the Nikon. It seemed like a cannon ball, much heavier than svelte little Jewel Eye. Phyllis began pounding away at her machine again.
“Looks like I’m hired,” I mused as I pulled out of the parking lot. “That was some job interview.”
In a short time I was outside the town, driving through an area of woods and marsh land. A police car jumped me.
“You were driving 47 miles an hour,” the cop said.
“So?” I said.
“This area is inside the town limits.”
“Here?” I gestured to the uninhabited terrain.
“Yes. The speed limit is 35,” the cop said.
He wrote me a ticket for an eye-popping fine.
“Have a nice day.” The officer departed.
There goes my pay check, I thought glumly and started driving again – slowly. A bit farther down the road a sign read: “Speed Limit 45.”
About twenty bus drivers, all women, were carrying picket signs as I arrived at the School Board office. When they found out I was from the Clarion, they crowded around me like groupies pressing in on some rock star.
“We’ve been working all year without a contract,” one said.
“We don’t get paid for extra runs to the Board office,” another complained.
I tried to write their comments on the note pad I’d scrabbled out of the Nova’s glove compartment. The picket leader came to the rescue by pressing a written statement into my hands which detailed their grievances. I took some pictures. The Nikon’s light meter was unfamiliar to me, and the lens focused opposite to my Pentax, adding to my discomfort.
I went to the police station next and asked to see the crime reports. The chief was unappreciative.
“Where the hell’s Vance?” he asked.
When I explained that I was the new Clarion reporter, he grudgingly showed me the reports. Not much was in them – seemed like the Mayor’s get tough policy was paying off.
Back at the office, I banged out my stories on a small manual typewriter and handed them to Phyllis. Then I leaned back and stretched, pleased with having survived the first day of work. Thoughts of a luxurious hot shower moved through my mind.
“I’m going home now,” Vance said. “The town council meets at 7:30, Tyler. I’d like you to cover it.”
I shrunk down in my chair. “Sure, Vance.” 
“See you in the morning, 7:00?”
I nodded.
“Welcome aboard, Tyler.”  
Then he was gone. I felt stunned, as if Mr. Itami had just finished knocking the hell out of me. Phyllis chuckled. 
“Don’t worry, Tyler,” she said, “things aren’t usually this hectic. We’re going to press tomorrow.”
I left the office and wandered a couple blocks to the Riverside Inn, a crusty old place that must have been close to a century old. 
Inside was relaxed and smoky. The bar top was made of darkened, thickly varnished pine boards. When I rested my hand upon it, I felt the stored vibration from generations of drinkers. An older guy wearing a baseball cap was sitting farther down amid a couple admirers. I recognized him as columnist W J Presnell. 
He frequently preceded his remarks with the formula “My Editor” – meaning Vance, presumably. 
As in: 
“My Editor liked my last column so much he said it oughta be syndicated!” 
or: 
“My Editor thinks we should start publishing on a weekly basis, he says there’s a bigger demand for my columns and such.”
I thought of introducing myself, but decided to postpone the honor. Instead, I finished my beer and retreated to the quieter environs of a little café next door for dinner. 
Then a stroll through the darkened streets. 
Rosewood was still a simple place, but like any small town in the orbit of a giant metropolitan area, development would overtake it eventually. The nearby freeway attested to that. But for now the town was peaceful and remote. 
Darkness overtook the leaden sky, and the buzz of street lamps competed with the muffled freeway roar. People watched television on the far sides of picture windows. A scratch rock band played in one house, guitar licks seeping out the basement window. A man passed me walking a dog. 
The people in these houses would be reading my words in tomorrow’s newspaper, I realized. The crowd at the Riverside Inn would hold opinions influenced by what I wrote. For the first time in my life, I felt like I had some pull. 
I walked down a grass alleyway and left the residential area. Some sort of industrial facility loomed out of the darkness, huge and silent, an abandoned cement plant or something. It beckoned mysteriously, promising adventure to anyone brave enough to enter. My sense of nascent power suddenly evaporated, replaced by corrosive envy. 
So, Jon had found a lost tribe! 
That could have been me making the discovery – if I hadn’t turned back at the first hint of trouble. Those damn insect bites! And why did Gloria have to be so cute? She’d kept me at the Foundation when I should have been striking out into the forest. 
The whole thing was a conspiracy to keep me from accomplishing anything. All I’d needed was a break ... and more guts.
“There are two kinds of people,” a nasty interior voice said. “Those who win, and those who only announce the victories.”
These thoughts were paranoid and unfair I knew, but that didn’t lessen my frustration. I doubled back toward the city hall, passing a large Catholic church with its crucifix-topped spire challenging the night sky. 
Well, I was here now, and I was going to take maximum advantage of whatever opportunities awaited.
The city council meeting was a rancorous event. Much finger pointing about who had botched what during the recent floods. Then the DPW union president read a statement claiming that he’d been unfairly denied a promotion. He ignored numerous reprimands to calm down and had to be ejected from the auditorium. I snapped a picture of him being escorted out by the same cop who’d issued my speeding ticket.
Next, the Planning Commission chairman resigned because he had not met the residency requirement. And finally, the mayor announced that he would not be seeking re-election. He thanked his supporters and said that, no, his decision had nothing to do with his recent fraud indictment. 
So much for the law & order administration.


Chapter 36: Settling Dow
“I think it would be fun to run a newspaper.” – Citizen Kane

Among other duties, I interviewed the Brownie troop leader, the fire chief, and a lake side resident who had rescued two teenagers from a sinking boat. The guy already enjoyed a reputation for daring rescues, having previously saved some drifting chickens during the floods.
“I just pulled the boys out,” he said. “The same way I did the chickens!”
Vance delegated most of the reporting work to me. Phyllis handled the Garden Club news along with operating her diabolical machine. W J Presnell delivered his column a couple days before we went to press. His work was so bad that it was actually good and enjoyed a following among the readership. 
In my ramblings, I located a small general aviation airport with a skydiving business.
“I’ve always wanted to try skydiving,” I told the owner.
“Take an introductory jump,” he said. “We go all year, weather permitting.”
“I’ll think about it,” I said.
He nodded. No doubt he’d heard that line before. 
Vance took quite a liking to me. We’d hang out after work at the Riverside Inn, sometimes with W J Presnell. Vance would drink prodigious amounts, smoke even more, and wax philosophical.
“Let me tell you, I’ve been through the mill and back again,” he said. “Biggest damn fool mistake I ever made was to get married!”
His wife in North Carolina had “tossed him out” some years before.
“I’d always wanted to run a newspaper,” he said, “and one was available up here. Also, I wanted to get as far away from her as possible.”
He’d purchased the bankrupt Clarion and slowly rebuilt it. Maybe the paper could expand into a weekly. In five or six years he hoped to retire and hand the paper off to some “vigorous young person.” 
I got the impression that he had me in mind for the vigorous young person role, but six years seemed like an eternity away. Hell, I couldn’t even look at a green banana and visualize a time when it might be ripe.
To mark the end of hunting season, some duck hunters conducted a tournament at the nearby state game area. I slogged along with the Nikon, taking pictures and dodging falling shotgun pellets. Guys competed in sneak shooting, layout shooting, and other blasting events. They also conducted boat races on the frigid marsh waters. I kept Jewel Eye with telephoto handy in case of a capsizing, but no go.
The injustice of my speeding ticket rankled me, and I decided to contest it in court. The defendant ahead of me was a real jerk. While drunk, he’d driven his pickup truck through a suburban neighborhood at sixty miles an hour and crashed onto somebody’s front lawn. He received harsh treatment.
The judge was in a foul temper when my turn came, but his mood rapidly changed. I explained about the poorly marked speed limit and the assumption any reasonable person would make that he was outside the town boundary – especially a reporter like me who was after a news story for the Clarion. Wheels turned in the judge’s head. 
“No sense pissing off this guy,” he was thinking. “I don’t need any bad press for the next election.”
He voided the ticket. I left the courtroom feeling pretty proud of myself. Police cars disappeared from the ambush spot. 
Ah, the power of the press! 
Our new issue came out soon after. I perused it happily, still basking in the glow of my triumph. Inserted after my duck hunter story was a wire service filler:

Saint Nick Robbery Foiled
Portland – Ho Ho Ho! Santa Claus came early this year, wielding a shotgun. A bank robber, dressed in a Santa outfit, was running to his getaway car with a bag of goodies when an onlooker tackled and disarmed him. 
Jon Glass was waiting for a bus when the Saint Nick robber ran past. 
“I thought it would be interesting to stop him,” Glass said afterwards, “so I took him down.”

The taste of victory turned to ashes in my mouth.
***
I’d made frequent trips to the drug store to get film developed and to buy sundries. Actually, I was trying to make a connection with Lynn. First, she was on vacation, and when she came back her work schedule was out of sync with mine. 
Pam, a petite blonde like Julie from college, usually took care of me at the store. I gave her serious consideration but decided to obey the universal law: Chase two rabbits at the same time, etc. 
Besides, Lynn had an exotic air with her coy little smile and almost Eurasian features. When I’d seen her, I’d heard the call of romantic adventure. Finally, I got to see her again. A surreptitious glance confirmed that she was not wearing a wedding ring. 
“How about getting together after work some time?” I asked, feigning confidence.
“Sure,” she said. “I’m taking care of Mom this month, so I’m pretty busy. My brother is taking over in a couple weeks, though. Let’s make it then.”


Chapter 37: A Promising New Year
We often find, by experience, that young men are too opinionative and volatile to be guided by the sober dictates of their seniors. – Gulliver’s Travels, Jonathan Swift

The holidays passed. Our family get together was stressful with the growing animosity between Victor and Sharon barely concealed. Mom and Ed were not talking much to each other, having settled on a modus vivendi of silence and resentment. 
My job was going well, though. I was a respected, if small-time, journalist treated with deference by the powers that be. The mayor, police chief, city councilmen – no one wanted to look bad in print, so they gave me my due. I saw apprehension on their faces, as if they were in the presence of some large, generally polite dog that might turn vicious any second.
Maybe journalism was the career for me. Hell, I might be the next Walter Cronkite.
The weather remained unseasonably warm with rain and overcast alternating with an occasional clear day. The round trip to work was a hassle, and I checked out inexpensive apartments along the route. Rosewood itself had a some nice ones, but I wasn’t interested. Working there, living there – how long before I became overly wired into the place and lost my freedom of action? 
Vance invited me to a Lions Club dinner. The food was nothing special, and the speaker was hardly ‘edge of your seat’ fascinating. I recognized some of the town’s movers and shakers among the members.
“This crowd might be a little old for you,” Vance said. “Maybe you’d prefer the Jaycees, they cater to the younger guys.”
“Yeah?” I said.
“The important thing is to get in with a group that can help you go places and make connections,” Vance said.
I leaned back in my chair. Vance was talking good sense, but I found it unsettling. Somehow, the thought of joining a service club with its expectations and group dynamics was depressing. 
Me, Tyler Lakatos, one of the boys? Me, standing at intersections in a foolish cap and vest selling candy bars? My necktie felt overly tight, and I loosened it.
A light drizzle had kicked up by the time the meeting ended. We shook hands in the parking lot. Vance began walking towards his car, then turned. 
“You’re at a wonderful age, Tyler,” he said. “You’ve got the world by the hind end!”
He disappeared into the mist leaving me alone and disoriented. I quickly recovered and made a bee line for the Riverside Inn. 
The lot was jammed, and I had to park in the nether regions by the river. I dashed to the door and entered the crowded, smoky atmosphere. There she was at the corner of the bar with a cigarette and a glass of beer. Lynn! 
“Hi,” she said. “I was beginning to think you weren’t coming.”
“Thanks for waiting, Lynn,” I said. “The meeting ran over time.”
She flashed an incredible smile and blew out a stream of smoke. 
“That’s the way it goes, eh?” she said.
“Right, don’t want to front off the boss,” I said. “Of course, you know that already, being a boss yourself.”
She laughed. “Sit down, Tyler, have a drink.”
“Let’s go someplace else,” I said. “I spend too much time here already.”
She stood up. Without the concealment of the bar, I got the full view. The shapeless store uniform had been replaced by jeans and a form fitting top that displayed her assets to excellent effect. I followed her like an obedient dog. 
Outside, the rain had picked up. I looked doubtfully toward my distant Nova.
“Let’s take my car, it’s close.” Lynn said.
She indicated a little purplish-blue AMC Gremlin. Bob West popped into my mind. He had once owned a Gremlin, he’d said. 
God, less than six months had passed since we’d boarded the ferry in Pusan! It seemed like decades. Was Bob getting on as well as me? Not likely. 
The car looked as if somebody had sliced off the back end with a butter knife. It had a surprising amount of room in front, though. 
“I’ve never ridden in one of these before,” I said.
“How do you like it?”
“Fine, it’s got a smooth ride.”
“Uh huh.” 
An amused little smile crossed Lynn’s face, as if she were enjoying some private joke.
She drove us to a country type bar where we spent the next hours drinking and dancing. At first I had some difficulty adjusting to the music, but soon I was jamming as well as anybody there. Hell, all I needed was a cowboy hat! 
Opportunities for conversation were limited by the blasting music and the noisy patrons. No matter. Lynn and I were developing an intimate, nonverbal mode of communication. Sitting close together drinking, arms and knees touching, sharing a cigarette. Slow dancing, hemmed in tightly by the crowd, moving sensuously in place.  
Holding her close on the dance floor, my horizons began to expand. I felt very comfortable with Lynn – a wonderful complement to the sexual excitement raging through me. She just might be the girl I was looking for!
I envisioned us going home together and making love, discussing the day’s events afterwards amidst a warm and committed glow. A woman like her could make all the agony worthwhile – like having to stay in one place all the time and be continuously employed.
When we went back outside, the weather had cleared and gorgeous star light peaked around the clouds.
“I’m starved,” Lynn said. “Let’s get something to eat.”
“Sounds good,” I said. “Want me to drive?”
“No,” Lynn answered quickly. “I’m okay.”
She took us to a late-night drive through. The menu displayed the usual jumble of fast food items.
“What’ll you have, Tyler?” 
“Whatever you want, I want.”
“Good answer.” 
She gave her amused little smile again. Dang, if she didn’t remind me of Kathy when she did that. And she reminded me of Yun Hee, too – in the low light with her black hair and almond eyes. She ordered tacos, fries, and a large lemonade.
“What nationality are you?” I asked.
“This and that,” she replied. “Scots-Irish, Italian, and some Cherokee. What about you?”
“Hungarian, 100 per cent.” 
She leaned toward me. “So, I’ll have to take you straight, huh? Like a fine whiskey.”
She kissed me full on the mouth, a lightning bolt that took me totally by surprise. Of course, the goddam order had to arrive at that precise moment.
Lynn set the bag on the back seat. “Let’s go someplace nice to eat.” 
“Lead on,” I said, still reeling from the kiss.
She drove some miles, then turned off onto a dirt road. I noticed a sign indicating the state game area where I’d covered the duck hunters’ tournament. 
This is going to be very interesting, I thought.
She pulled into a small parking lot and shut off the engine. We rolled down the windows part way, dissipating the smoky bar atmosphere which had soaked into our clothes. Wind rushed through the high, dried-out marsh plants in a mysterious rustle. A broad, open field spread out in one direction, and a black smoothness the other way indicated water. 
Lynn shone in the starlight and sliver of moon. I wanted to reach for her, make passionate love. But it wasn’t yet time for that. Whatever happened was going to be on her timetable.
“I really don’t know anything about you, Tyler,” she said, “except that you work for the newspaper.”
“What do you want to know?”
“Everything.” She held up the bag. “There’s plenty of food, and I’m a good listener.”
“Maybe if you knew more about me, you wouldn’t be interested,” I said. 
“I doubt that,” she said. “You’re a real cut above the other guys I’ve known. From the start I could see that you have brains and class.”
“Thank you.” I felt suddenly awkward.
“So, tell me more, Tyler.”
While chewing through the tacos and fries, I gave my thumbnail biography: My pleasant early childhood, the catastrophic interruption of Dad’s illness and death, my undistinguished public school career, the unwelcome appearance of Ed. 
The car had become chilly, and Lynn started the engine for a while to run the heater. I spoke of my start at a big state university and transfer to a small private college, summers in Wyoming, Mexico, and Spain. The Peace Corps and my DAS ROAD travels. This should have been the end of story. 
I split the last French fry with Lynn.
Then, for some damn fool reason, I started talking about Jon Glass: his mysterious slogan, the mistaken identity episodes, the chase across Mindanao. The atmosphere started to cool, not just from the night air.
“You’re blowing it, Tyler,” my inner voice warned.
But I couldn’t help myself. Now I was telling Lynn about the wire service blurbs in the Clarion. It was like Jon was in the back seat egging me on, turning the Gremlin into a deep freeze. Lynn moved away against the driver side door and wrapped her arms about herself. He mouth had become a hard, thin line.
“Shut up already!” the voice cried.
Finally I did shut up. A long silence pressed down. I feared that Lynn would start the car any second and roar me back to Rosewood for a quick dump off, but then she spoke.
“What will you do when you find him?” Her voice was very small.
I let out a sigh. “That’s a good question.”
“You are a very different sort of person, Tyler. I’ve never known anybody who’s done so much.”
I basked in her admiration, perhaps all was not lost. I placed an arm around her shoulders.
“Thanks for hearing me out, Lynn. Maybe some of that stuff sounded weird, but like my Grandpa says: we’re all a little boingy in our own way.”
She laughed, and her warmth started to return.
“How about you, Lynn? Tell me what’s happened in your life.”
“Nothing spectacular, pretty dull, really,” she said.
“So, let’s hear it.”
She stretched luxuriously. 
“Plenty of time for that later,” she said. “Let’s have some dessert first.”
“Dessert” consisted of a mad, erotic groping, a frantic coupling and thrashing that nearly broke the Gremlin’s suspension. Then a pause for lemonade. Then another session of passionate love making. More lemonade. More lovemaking ....
When it was finally over, we sat quietly holding hands and smoking. The marsh night deepened, flattened out, and prepared to begin its slow ascent toward dawn.
“What are you thinking?” Lynn asked.
“I’m thinking about how happy I am,” I said. “And that I may have sprained my neck twisting it around the steering wheel.”
“Poor baby.” She massaged my neck. “Is that better?”
“Very.”
Cigarette in one hand, my neck in the other, Lynn began her story. 
She had a brother and a sister, she said, and had enjoyed an ordinary childhood. She’d gone to junior college for a while but had dropped it. She’d worked as a waitress before taking a clerk job with the drug store chain. This past year she’d been promoted to assistant manager at the Rosewood store.
The job was a hassle, she said, but it had gotten her thinking about a better future. She wanted to go back to school and make something of herself. And, by the way, her truck driver husband was out of town on a long haul and would be back tomorrow evening.
I jerked forward out of the grip of Lynn’s fingers. 
“I didn’t know you were married!” I said.
“I was going to tell you, Tyler. In fact, I just did.”
“Yes, but ... a little late, isn’t it?”
Lynn took a long drag on her cigarette. 
“Would you have asked me out if I’d told you before?”
“No!”
“See?” Lynn said. “I noticed you checking out my ring finger the first time we met. Good thing my uniform vest has pockets.”
My whole world had suddenly been torn off its moorings and flipped upside down. The Gremlin pressed in on me like a sheet metal tomb. I flung the door open and stepped outside.
“Tyler!”
I turned back. In the dome light illumination, Lynn appeared tiny and vulnerable, her hair mussed and make up smeared.
“This isn’t right, Lynn,” I said.  
“You’ve got something good here,” she said, “don’t push it away!”
“I know that,” I said. “It makes everything worse.”
I glanced about the empty land. The wind was gusting up, sending ghostly rustles through the dead marsh plants. Water lapped in the distance. Utter barrenness everywhere.
“It’s cold out there,” Lynn said. “Come back in. I won’t bite – unless you want me to.”
I couldn’t help a strangled chuckle.
“Come on, Tyler, it’s a long way back. Let me drive you.”
I got in. The trip to Rosewood was a silent affair. Lynn pulled into the vast, muddy parking lot of the Riverside Inn. 
My Nova reposed there alone in the yellowish glow from a lamp post. Somebody had written “Fuck You” on the windshield with soap.
“Will I see you again?” she asked.
“I don’t know, Lynn. I need time to think.”
“Okay.”
“I’ve got the next two days off,” I said. “I’ll come see you Monday morning. Will you be working then?”
She nodded.
I opened the Gremlin door and started to leave. Then I thought better of it and gave Lynn a parting kiss. Her cheeks were wet with tears. 
Alone now, I watched the red tail lights of the departing Gremlin. 




Six: Underground Realtor


Chapter 38: Abrupt Changes
“You are entering a cantankerous cycle and are vulnerable in romance.” – Clarion horoscope

During the next two days, scarcely a moment passed that did not include thoughts of Lynn. One minute, I was convinced that I had to cut her off flat; the next I was equally certain that I couldn’t survive without her. The debate ran around my brain like a hamster in a wheel. 
By Monday morning, I had decided nothing other than to ask Lynn some very direct questions. Was she planning to divorce her husband, soon, or did she simply want an extramarital fling? Was there a legitimate place for me in her life or not? I had to know the answers. And I got them. Very quickly.
The store was nearly empty when I walked in. Pam was at the photographic counter.
“Hi Pam,” I said. “Is Lynn here?”
She looked up, startled. Anxiety shot across her face. 
“No, she isn’t.”
“What’s wrong, Pam?”
She glanced around, then continued in a low voice. 
“It was horrible,” she said. “Lynn’s husband came in yesterday and forced her to quit.”
A band of apprehension tightened on my chest. “Why?”
“A buddy of his said that he saw her out dancing with another guy – some friend!”
I stood at the counter like an idiot, speechless.
“The vicious things he said!” Pam shuddered. “He’s a real pig if you ask me.”
I nodded dumbly and turned to leave.
“Be careful, Tyler,” Pam said.
Out in the parking lot, grief and paranoia contended. What was going to happen next – was some lunatic going to come charging up? Where was Mr. Itami when I needed him? Better yet, that macho captain from Sorak San with a couple of .45’s. 
But nothing happened to disturb the peaceful morning. The sky was clear, the water puddles had dried, and the weather was almost balmy. The only turmoil was inside me. I walked across the road to the Clarion office. The door was locked.
“What the hell?”
I peered through the little side window. All the lights were out.
“You must not have heard,” someone said.
I turned to see the secretary from the next door insurance agency. A tragic expression creased her face.
“Heard what?” I said.
“About Mr. Cooper,” she said. “I’m so sorry.”
“What happened?” My voice had shot up an octave.
“He suffered a heart attack yesterday – here about one o’clock. He died, I’m afraid.”
***
The next thing I knew, I was stumbling through the door of the Riverside Inn with no recollection of how I’d got there. I flopped onto a stool. A gray and desperate face glowered back at me from the bar mirror.
“Beer – please!” I cried.
The girl brought it quickly, thank God, and I downed most of it in one gulp. A tiny sliver of normality poked into my suffering mind. W J sat farther down the bar, muttering into his own beer mug. I slid towards him.
“W J!” I said.
He looked up. He’d aged drastically, transforming overnight from a vigorous senior into a crushed old man.
“Tyler,” he said. “You found out, eh? Phyllis was gonna call you, but with all the upset ... after she called North Carolina ...”
“What about the funeral?” I said.
“Ain’t gonna be no funeral,” W J said. “Vance’s ex wife is shipping him back to North Carolina for burial.”
“Why? She didn’t want him when he was alive.”
“Who knows, Tyler? Who the hell knows?”
I couldn’t stay at the bar. Soon I’d be drowning in alcohol, totally messed up. I needed action to distract my mind.
Leaving W J to his sorrows, I walked briskly to the strip mall parking lot. Maybe Lynn’s husband was lurking for me. I almost welcomed the prospect, a bloody confrontation right out in the street! 
What did he look like, I wondered – probably an ugly s.o.b. with a thick neck. A big hero abusing Lynn. He’d find me a lot more formidable.
But I saw no one. I got in the Nova and roared off to the general aviation airport. 
“I want to skydive,” I told the man at the counter.
“We can try,” he said. “Sky’s turning cloudy though, and if we can’t find a an open spot we’ll have to scratch. It’s illegal to jump through clouds.”
“Good enough,” I said.
Soon I was clad in jumpsuit, helmet, and goggles. Nylon harness webbing trussed me about. My instructor and I entered a high-wing Cessna in which all the seats except the pilot’s had been removed. My instructor wedged himself into the back. 
“Sit here with me,” he said.
“I’d rather not,” I said. “I’m too claustrophobic.”
So I stayed in front beside the pilot’s seat. This was to be a “tandem jump” with me hooked to the instructor. He wore the parachute and would pull the rip cord at the proper time. All I had to do was scream.
Two other guys, each wearing their own parachute, jammed in. Like me, they were well concealed with jumpsuits and helmets. I could not see their eyes through their darkened goggles.
We bounced down the runway and took off. I paid scant attention to all this as my back was to the windscreen and my mind was roiling with thoughts of Lynn and Vance. We leveled out at 10,000 feet. The plane had become very cold.
“Clouds are pretty thick down there!” The pilot yelled over the engine roar. “We might have to scrub.”
“Wait,” somebody cried, “I see an opening!”
Beside me, the door slid open revealing a straight drop to a cloud bank thousands of feet below.
Damn, I realized, I’m not wearing a parachute! I wrapped my arm around the base of the pilot’s seat and hung on for dear life. Lynn and Vance blew out of my mind, as I’d wanted. One after another, the two jumpers maneuvered onto the wing strut and flung themselves off. As the second guy was getting into position, I glimpsed the lettering on his helmet. 
“J. Glass,” it read.
Then he was off.
“Who was that guy?” I shouted. “The one in the red helmet?”
“Don’t know!” my instructor yelled back. “Let’s get ready.”
I maneuvered toward the back where my instructor connected our harnesses together. Then we were outside the aircraft, clumsily positioning ourselves on the wing strut.
“What the hell am I doing here!” my mind shrieked.
We jumped. A hurricane of freezing air blasted my face – free falling at incredible speed. 
“Yaaaa!” my instructor howled.
I was too terrified to utter a sound. If there was a gap in the cloud cover we’d surely missed it, for a solid floor of grayish white hurtled toward us. In moments we were through it, in clear air again, above the onrushing ground. 
The parachute blasted open, turning our roaring progress into a silent descent. Beyond my feet the whole world gently approached.


Chapter 39: Julie
Marcello: “I don’t feel like an egg now.”
Emma: “Eat it! And chew properly.” – La Dolce Vita

More weeks passed, and my financial situation spiraled downwards. The Clarion vanished without a trace, as if a flood had swallowed it up. When I submitted my resume to the local weeklies, they looked at me as if I’d dropped in from Mars. I registered again at the employment agency but seldom heard back. Betty seemed to have finally given up on my prospects.
My connection with Rosewood was irretrievably broken. Pam had quit the drug store. When I stopped at the Riverside Inn, the bar girl looked at me blankly.
“Has W J been around?” I asked.
“Who’s W J?” she said.
At least I had plenty of time for the judo club and for visiting Grandfather Alois. 
“Maybe you came back too soon, Tyler,” Grandpa said at one point.
I spent long hours daydreaming in my room. A Republic of  Korea flag decorated one wall, and the big Philippine road map covered another. I’d stare at the battered maps, retracing my route while recalling the “good old days.” 
And I thought about Jon Glass, too. How could I help it? He’d sure made his victory complete – bounding gracefully into the slipstream while I, freshly unemployed, lumbered behind tethered to an instructor. 
Someday I’d even the score.
I didn’t dare resume my treks through the Bum Nation, for fear that I might not be able to get out again.
Then one day a mailing came from my alma mater concerning an art exhibit on campus. A reception / poetry reading was scheduled for its closing day. I’d been wanting to visit the old college haunts. So, I made room in my busy schedule and headed out. 
It was good to be on the road again, even on such a minor adventure. The freeway miles ticked off, and everything seemed a little better with the world. 
My thoughts turned toward Julie. Maybe I’d run into her on campus. It was a small place. Of course, I could have tried to call her. 
She’d be a junior now, I rationalized, and she was just a freshman when last I’d seen her. She’d probably forgotten all about me. Somebody as cute as her would have no lack of prospects. 
But there was another reason for my reluctance. Julie had been a bit too controlling for my taste. She’d sort of taken over my room – straightening, rearranging things. This seemed freighted with expectations. While we were dating, I’d never looked neater or better groomed. Julie did not favor the college grunge style, especially for young men who were about to enter the real world of careers and responsibilities. 
She was extremely sensuous, in her virginal way. I’d never seen a woman with such compelling eyes. If she had given in to my sexual advances, no telling what might have happened. I may never have gone overseas. 
Julie had regarded my desire for foreign adventure as a childish excess to be outgrown, something like acne. When I’d finished my final term and left campus, I’d lost touch with her. And then my Peace Corps acceptance had arrived. 
I exited the freeway and drove through town. It appeared to be the same boring little place. At the outskirts of the campus, I turned down Oak street intending to park by my old house. 
“Damn!”
I got out of the Nova, shell shocked. The area beside the pavement was empty now – just a belt of grass along the railroad track where the small housing units had once been. A forlorn strip of sidewalk led nowhere.
“That’s the end of that, eh?” I said aloud.
I’d loved the tacky little house where I’d lived. It was so much more fun than the cookie cutter dormitories – the good times, the parties. Then again, if it hadn’t been for all those parties I might have finished school on time, rather than having to go an extra term. 
Then I wouldn’t have met Julie. I would have entered the Peace Corps earlier, at a time before middle school volunteers were being assigned to Seoul – and I wouldn’t have met Yun Hee. Kathy would not have been in my training group. 
I might even have been sent to some other country. The ramifications seemed endless. Another shock awaited as I crossed the campus.
“Oh!” I couldn’t help gasping.
Landis Hall was gone, and its elegant walnut trees had been reduced to stumps. A sign indicated that the area was being developed for a new classroom building. 
Landis Hall had graced this spot since the previous century and had balanced the generic modern buildings. Its white brick walls and towering porch columns had looked like something out of Gone with the Wind. I’m not opposed to change, but why does it always seem to be so ugly? 
In a few more minutes, I was at the art center having crossed almost the entire campus. I’d transferred here as a sophomore because I hadn’t been able to adjust to the giant university where I’d begun school. Now I’d probably go out of my mind in a place like this – having seen the wider world. 
Small groups of students walked past. I recognized nobody. 
An incident from high school popped into my mind. A girl I knew had written in my Senior yearbook: “Tyler – Yeah, I knew you.”
I’d been taken aback by what seemed a very off handed treatment of our acquaintance, but now I saw her wisdom. 
The art center was a recycled gymnasium constructed of drab red brick with a pseudo-oriental tile roof. Inside was nice, though. The gallery area was thickly carpeted, and little spotlights hanging from the ceiling illuminated the various drawings posted on the walls. It was now late afternoon. After this initial viewing, I planned to have dinner in town, then return to campus for the reception. 
I moved along the walls. Some of the prints were monochromes, including several abstract animal forms with skull heads. Lines of poetry accompanied each print. I’m not a poetry scholar, but this material seemed a bit rough to me – like something Charlie Streicher might have written.
Other prints were languid and voluptuous. One in particular absorbed my attention – flowing patterns of gold, red, and blue. The picture seemed to be in motion. I stood for some minutes, contemplating.
A soft voice at my side. “Hello, Tyler.”
I turned, and there she was. 
“Julie!” 
I took her hands. We kissed, long and sensuous like the picture on the wall before us. She was even more incredible than I’d remembered – beautifully matured, blond, shapely.
“I saw you walking across the campus,” Julie said, “and I wondered: ‘Does he want to see me again?’ I decided to find out.”
“I was wondering the same thing, Julie,” I said.
Her eyes had even more magnetic power. I was no longer in a mere art gallery but on the fringe of heaven itself. 
I never made it back to the reception. After a long stroll with Julie and dinner together, we ended up at a motel. When the sexual fireworks were finally over, Julie stretched luxuriously beneath the sheets.
“So, this is what it’s all about,” she said.
“Did you like it?”
“Sure did,” she said, “first time for me.”
She primped her hair a bit, magically restoring it to perfect order.
“I’ve got a feeling that we might find ourselves in this situation again, sometime,” she said.
“Yeah!” 
Julie laughed, a delightful sound that made me want to start the lovemaking all over.
“You must have been around the block a few times though, right, Tyler?”
I mumbled something noncommittal.
“That’s okay,” she said. “It’s typical for a man to ‘sow wild oats’ for a while. As long as he knows when to quit. When he’s found the right girl.”
We lay quietly for a while, enjoying easy listening music from the radio. Ordinarily I hated such music, now it was wonderful. Julie spoke again. 
“I always wondered if I’d made a mistake holding out, when we first knew each other,” she said. “But now – well, I guess the issue is settled.”
“To your satisfaction?” I said.
She nipped my ear. 
“Ow!”
“Yes, Tyler. You know that.”


Chapter 40: Underground Realty
He wants his home and security.
He wants to live like a sailor at sea. – Beautiful Loser, by Bob Seger

More weeks passed without employment. Not to worry, I could always be a clerk at Ed’s store. Mom had actually floated this idea – still trying to engineer thee big reconciliation. I would rather have been shot first. Besides, Ed already had a full staff.
Julie came down for a weekend, and we had an incredible time at the Holiday Inn. Her sexual appetite was voracious, as if she was making up for a lifetime of abstinence. 
She wanted to meet my family. Fortunately, Ed was working Sunday, so I brought her home to see Mom. They hit if off big time. I didn’t dare take her to see Victor, for fear that he might fly into one of his rages. We did visit Grandfather Alois, though.
“What did you think of her, Grandpa?” I asked later.
“A lovely girl,” he’d replied. “She reminds me very much of your grandmother.”
“Really?”
“She’ll keep a tight rein on you, Tyler.”
The remark made me uneasy, probably because it was true. 
Of course, I’d developed feelings for Julie, and I knew that her feelings for me were genuine. But she had a maternal, controlling streak that wrapped around me like a python. I could see this most clearly when I was away from her fantastic sexual power. 
Hell, there was so much of the world left to explore! Couldn’t everything else wait a while? But women like Julie didn’t grow on trees – if I didn’t pluck the fruit, somebody else surely would. 
Was I a Beautiful Loser futilely trying to “have it all” like in the Bob Seger song? 
Seger, who also hailed from Michigan, was Bob West’s favorite rock star. What was Bob West up to these days, I wondered. Increasingly, our time together on DAS ROAD was taking on a mythological aspect. Bob himself was assuming operatic hero status. 
And up ahead on the road, just beyond reach – the mysterious figure of Jon Glass.
Korea started to glow in my memory with absolute perfection, freed from all unpleasantness – no confusion, loneliness, or bouts with diarrhea. No GG shots, boredom, or visits to the Frosty Virgin. The vilest makoli tasted like nectar in retrospect. 
I missed Bob. Maybe I should write, but what could I say? 

Dear Bob: 
My economic situation is totally screwed, how’s yours? By the way, I saw Jon Glass jumping out of an airplane right after my boss dropped dead and my girlfriend told me she was married.

He’d think I was hallucinating. Maybe I had been. 
And what was Jon Glass up to now? Probably accomplishing more heroics, blowing them off with casual explanations: “I thought it would be interesting to stop him, so I took him down.” 
Jeez! 
Hunting through newspaper want ads became a daily ritual, a sort of desperation drill, and I had nearly resigned myself to a career of flipping hamburgers. Then, one ad in “Help Wanted, Sales” offered a flicker of hope:

Mature person wanted for commission sales. Must have professional demeanor. Car provided. 

I dialed the number and was startled by the answer.
“Valley Oaks Memorial Park,” a woman’s voice said, cold and distant, as if it were coming from deep inside a cave.
Memorial Park? That meant a cemetery, right?
“Uh ... I’m calling about the ad in the News,” I said.
“Yes?” the woman said.
I felt a powerful urge to slam the phone down, but I feared to shun any potential job, however weird the first impression might be. Besides, the voice was oddly compelling.
“What are your qualifications?” the voice asked. 
I rattled off my resume – college graduate, returned PCV, “between jobs” at the present time, etc. I seemed to be talking into a void, as no replies came back across the phone line – no monosyllabic comments, throat clearings, nothing. I finished talking, waited.
“Are you married, Mr. Lakatos?” the voice said.
“No, I’m not.”
“Oh.” A note of disapproval entered the voice. “We have a preference for family men.”
“I am engaged,” I blurted out.
“I see.”
The voice sounded somewhat mollified by my fib, and it began rattling off monotone questions: 
Did I object to working irregular hours? No. 
Would I mind visiting clients at their homes? That would be fine. 
Was I a self-starter type individual? Yes, of course. 
Did I consider myself a “people person”? Yes, another fib.
Had I received any traffic tickets the past 18 months? No. I didn’t mention my run-in with the Rosewood cop.
The job involved direct sales of cemetery plots. Valley Oaks was a fairly new establishment and needed to aggressively promote itself with the public. 
“All right, Mr. Lakatos.” The voice was fading out. “You’ll be contacted.”
“Thank you,” I said.
There was no response.
“Good-bye?” I added. 
The phone was dead.
I eased the receiver down and wiped a sweaty palm on my shirt front. Real Edgar Allan Poe stuff. And I couldn’t believe I’d told that shabby lie about being engaged. 
Then again, what the hell business was it of theirs? 
I chalked the interview up to experience, like getting my teeth drilled. But two days later – shortly after I’d dragged myself back from filling out an application at McDonald’s, while I was sitting depressed in front of the TV watching some perverse soap opera – I was contacted. 
“Mr. Lakatos?”
I recognized the voice, and my stomach turned icy. 
“Yes,” I said.
“This is Ms Davenport from Valley Oaks Memorial Park.”
So, I had a name to attach to the disembodied voice. 
“How are you, Ms Davenport?”
“The President wants to see you about the sales position, Mr. Lakatos.”
“That would be ... fine,” I said. “When?”
“Thursday evening at six thirty. This is a convenient time?” It was a command more than a inquiry.
“Sure,” I said
“Mr. Vulchine also wishes to meet your fiancé. You can bring her with you?”
Fiancée! 
“Yes, of course she’ll come,” I said.
Ms Davenport gave directions to the office. It was located on the cemetery grounds, and the security gate would be left open for me. 
“Please be on time,” she said.
“I will, thank you,” I said, then added hurriedly, “Good-bye.”
“Good-bye, Mr. Lakatos.”
I hung up. What was I getting myself into? This was the oddest thing I’d been involved in since that mirror episode in Coloane.
I’d have to call Ms Davenport back and cancel, say I’d decided to “pursue another opportunity” or some b.s. like that. But then I thought about the endless line of customers at McDonald’s – the hot grill I’d be standing over, the boiling French fries, the high school kids and retirees I’d have for coworkers. How long before I cracked up?
To think I’d actually run down the street in Tokyo to reach a McDonald’s! I’d always liked the place, but the view from the other side of the counter was grim. I picked up the phone again and dialed. Thank heaven, Julie was in.
“Tyler!” she cried. “I was just thinking about you.”
“Julie, you’ve got to help me.”


Chapter 41: The Great Interview
I drove to the college Thursday afternoon and picked up Julie. She looked great – an attractive, though conservative dark outfit, heels, excellent make up, her blonde hair light and bouncy. Her perfume turned my humble Chevy into a celestial chariot. I kissed her passionately.
“Watch the lipstick!” she said.
“Let’s get naked,” I panted.
“Honestly, Tyler. I thought we had to make an important interview.”
“Yes,” I pulled away, “that’s unfortunately true.”
After maneuvering off the campus and reaching the main drag, I took Julie’s hand, stroking her wonderfully soft skin. She was wearing a solitaire ring. 
“That’s some diamond,” I said.
Julie held up her hand; a sunbeam ricocheted off the carat-sized stone and stabbed my eye. 
“It was my Grandmother’s,” she said. “Grandfather bought it for her shortly before they died. He said he wanted her to have the diamond he couldn’t afford when they were young. Do you like it?”
“It’s beautiful,” I said.
“They both died in the same week,” Julie said. “They simply couldn’t live without each other. Isn’t that romantic?”
“Uh, yes.”
Julie examined the diamond, turning her hand  to vary the perspective. 
“Grandmother just loved this diamond, and I inherited it. I thought it would add credibility to this situation.”
“Yeah,” I said, “good thing she wasn’t buried with it.”
Julie shot me a vexed glance.
“Sorry,” I said, “that was indelicately put.”
She smiled and stroked my cheek where a bushy sideburn used to grow. 
“Looks like you’ve been to the barber, Tyler. You’ve got that IBM look now.”
“Yeah,” I said.
“I like it,” she took my hand, “very much.”
A few hours later we arrived at Valley Oaks. Thick overcast had moved in, replacing the pleasant early spring atmosphere with ugly gloom. Darkness was closing in as we passed through the security gate. Immediately I took a wrong turn on the winding roads, and instead of heading towards the office, moved farther out into the cemetery. 
The place was largely vacant and had the raw, expectant quality of land waiting for a subdivision to be built on it. Only in this case, the residents would all be dead. Most of the existing grave markers were set flush in the ground, with an occasional large, erect family plot stone. 
Such a waste, I thought, this land could be a park or something. My antipathy for grave yards ran deep; I did not appreciate their presence in an increasingly crowded world. This one was flat. Small sapling trees grew in rows. The “Valley Oaks” moniker seemed quite an overstatement.
“Did I tell you this place used to be a sod farm?” I said.
“Oh, really?”  
Julie was quiet, thoughtful, her diamond-fingered hand stroking her cheek as she surveyed the necropolis. No sunbeams glittered in the stone. We passed a towering crucifix which bore a graphic Christ figure.
“This must be the Catholic section,” Julie said.
I turned left at a half-completed mausoleum and intercepted the correct road. We parked in front of the administrative building and entered as the last rays of daylight vanished. Ms Davenport stood by her desk in coat and gloves. She glanced at the clock which showed we’d missed our appointed time by over five minutes.
“I’m Tyler Lakatos, and this is Julie Lindberg.” I felt awkward in the somber gray suit I’d borrowed from Victor. “Sorry we’re late. We got tangled up on the roads; very peaceful out there!”
Ms Davenport looked at us blankly, not reacting to the joke. She was a tall, pale, angular woman with dark hair and eyes. Her face was a sickly color under the fluorescent light. 
“Mr. Vulchine will be back soon.” She indicated a door off to the side. “He asks you to wait in his office.” 
A wave of cold air brushed us as she passed on to the exit. A car engine started and tires rumbled on the gravel. We were alone.
“Guess we’d better go in,” I said.
We entered the president’s office. It was dimly illuminated by tiny recessed lights along the ceiling. I groped for a switch and turned on the overheads.
“Oh!” Julie gripped my hand. 
“What’s wrong?” 
I followed her gaze. A coffin, huge and terrible, lurked against the far wall! My eyes widened and my breath whistled in through my teeth. I squeezed Julie’s hand hard enough to make her cry out again. 
“Good God!” I said.
We remained frozen a long moment before realizing the truth.
“Well, ahem, what do you know?” I tried to sound nonchalant, but wasn’t doing too well.
I strolled across the room and examined the large wooden credenza. It did almost look like a coffin, if you weren’t expecting it.
“Where’d he get that horrible thing?” Julie whispered.
“I don’t know.” I felt like a complete idiot. “Guess we’d better sit down, eh?”
We took chairs facing the President’s desk. The spacious window behind it grew darker as evening set in. I wanted to close the drapes, but thought it might be presumptuous. I disliked bare windows in the dark. They made me feel vulnerable, as if a sniper outside was taking aim at me. A few minutes crawled past.
“You must be Mr. Lakatos.”
We twisted around to see Mr. Vulchine walking toward us. We had not heard him coming. He was tall and very thin with puffy, blow-dried white hair accenting a pale face. My first impression was that he and Ms Davenport must be closely related.
I met him half way across the office. His cold and dry hand transmitted surprising strength. As we stood exchanging amenities, I could see the credenza in the background and had the eerie feeling that Mr. Vulchine had just risen out of it. 
I introduced Julie. Mr. Vulchine smiled and took her hand in a courtly gesture. I half expected him to kiss it. Julie smiled back, blushing slightly. Mr. Vulchine settled into his leather chair behind the massive desk.  
“So, you’re interested in working for us?” he said. 
“Yes, sir,” I said.
He shuffled through some papers, selected one, studied it briefly, laid it aside.
“I’ll come right to the point,” he said. “You did a fine job selling yourself on the phone, Mr. Lakatos. That’s important to us. A man that can sell himself can sell other things, too.”
My heart beat faster.
“We’re impressed with your potential,” Mr. Vulchine continued. “Now, we’d like to find out more about your temperament and your plans for the future. That’s why I asked Miss Lindberg to come.”
He smiled at Julie, and she beamed back. He had an undeniable Gone with the Wind type charm, even if it was somewhat ghastly. 
He began asking me questions which I fielded with as much skill as possible. Yes, I’d gotten a basic understanding of the job from Ms Davenport. No, I had no sales experience, but was very willing to learn. Of course I’d be willing to undergo a training program to become a “licensed cemeterian.”
Pretty fancy name for a grave salesman.
Then he shifted the focus toward Julie, and I could relax slightly. The window behind the desk reflected Julie and me, but only the high back of Mr. Vulchine’s chair was visible. It looked as if Julie was conversing with an empty piece of furniture.
“Have you decided on a wedding date?” Mr. Vulchine asked after some preliminary chatter.
“Next June,” she replied without missing a beat. “I’ll be finished with school then, and Tyler should be well established.”
She reached an arm over my chair back, and I felt myself reddening slightly. Mr. Vulchine grinned, delighted with this scenario. His upper canine teeth were pointed in a faintly vampirish manner.
Soon afterwards, the President wrapped up the discussion with a job offer, which I accepted. Then he escorted us to the exit. 
“So, we can expect to see you Monday morning for the first training session, Mr. Lakatos?” he said.
“Yes, sir.” I received another powerful handshake.
It was quite dark when we got back into the car. I whipped off my tie and exhaled an immense sigh of relief. I had scarcely been breathing during the interview. An unwholesome green light illuminated the security gate, offering me guidance as I drove the winding lanes.
“Kind of weird, eh?” I said.
“Perhaps at first,” Julie replied, “but I think Mr. Vulchine is very elegant. You have to start somewhere, Tyler. This could be the beginning of a fine career for you.”
“Yeah?”
“You wouldn’t stay in direct sales too long, of course,” Julie said. “You’d move up into management. Maybe not here but someplace else, once you’ve got some experience.”
Her words hung heavy in the Chevrolet. 
We stopped at a motel along the freeway. As she got undressed, Julie took off the diamond ring and held it up in the lamp light.
“Let me know when you want to do this for real, Tyler.”


Chapter 42: The Frank Mead Road Show
“Pleasantness is not what counts for me.” – Adolf Hitler

After a series of classes and a written exam, I was a licensed cemeterian. This seemed like a lot of trouble, but apparently some government regulation was involved. The parchment certificate I received baffled me with its seals and fancy lettering. I hid it away in the back of my file cabinet. 
My subsequent on-the-job training with Frank Mead was even more surprising. The first day that I accompanied Frank on sales calls, another agent took me aside and spoke in a confidential tone. 
“You’re going out there with the best,” he said, “pay close attention to everything Frank does. We don’t call him ‘Dead Meat Mead’ for nothing, you know.”
“Thanks for the tip,” I said.
Frank was Valley Oaks’ premier salesman, earning top commissions through his amazing nerve and persistence. I met him in the parking lot and, after some preliminary chit chat, got in one of the big company Lincolns with it.
“Think about it,” Frank said as we pulled away from the office. “With the divorce rate the way it is, who’s gonna get the burial plots?” 
“Excuse me?” I said.
“Young married couples are the preferred customers,” Frank said. “They buy their double plots thinking they’re going to spend eternity together, but then they get divorced and the whole idea loses its attraction.”
“I hadn’t thought about that,” I said. “They’ll probably sell them back.”
Frank nodded. “Hey, if you stick with the company long enough, maybe you’ll be handling some of those transactions.”
Frank was crass and brilliant, with a Hitlerian grasp of human psychological vulnerabilities. He knew how to rattle people’s emotions and get them to sign before they came back to their senses. He was a big, hefty guy like Bob West, but more overweight. And he certainly lacked Bob’s sensitivity.
Despite his bulk, Frank looked neat in his well-tailored suits and silk neck ties. His wife was in charge of his wardrobe, and she had excellent taste. Nobody could say that he lacked the “professional demeanor” stipulated by the want ad – especially if you wanted a professional to break somebody’s arm.
The first day out we made two calls at the homes of young married couples, and Frank landed sales both times. I was awe struck by his performance. 
We entered the first house brandishing a “free” book on estate planning.
“We’re not here to sell you anything,” Frank said to the wife.
I bit my tongue, but managed a smile. This was one helluva deceptive opening line. But my role was merely to observe and hand over documents at the proper moment. 
“Yes,” the woman said. “You explained that on the phone.”
The husband shook hands with us, but let his wife do most of the talking. After some chit chat about wills, trusts, and inheritance legal hassles, Frank seamlessly turned the conversation toward making those “final arrangements” and the wisdom of doing so “pre need.”
By this time, the couple was holding hands and looking apprehensively into each other’s eyes. 
“This isn’t a subject we wish to think about,” Frank said with an almost lugubrious expression on his broad face, “but we feel much better once we’ve made the proper arrangements and done right by our loved ones.”
The woman nodded, daubing her eyes with a tissue. Frank made a subtle gesture with his index finger, and I handed over the BOOK. 
“Shall we examine some options?” Frank asked gently.
The woman nodded again.
The BOOK presented tasteful color pictures of Valley Oaks cemetery with accompanying text in wedding invitation type font. The photographs looked better than the real place. I was impressed by the intelligent use of camera angles and lighting effects. 
Before long, both the husband and wife were crying. The woman had been sniffling for some time when the man suddenly let go a torrent of sobs. I was appalled, but Frank merely settled back deferentially and bided his time. He actually flashed me a surreptitious wink.
Frank had them by the short hairs and knew it. At another signal, I produced the legal papers and Frank got signatures for the purchase of a double plot, headstone, everything. After a few condolence type remarks, we were on our way.
“All in a day’s work,” Frank said as we got back in the Lincoln.
I felt like I’d been rabbit punched. At least I was having an experience few people could match – not even Jon Glass, I supposed. The next call was similar except that Frank had to be more forceful in the closing, almost bullying the people into signing.
Two days later we went out again. The first deal was settled quickly. The client was a cranky old gentleman whose wife had passed on many years earlier. He was dissatisfied with the inner-city cemetery where she was buried and wanted to purchase a double plot where he could have her body reinterred. 
“Cut the razzmatazz, young man!” he told Frank. “At my age there’s no time to waste. How much is it gonna cost?” 
That left us with a lot of time before our next call, so we went to a Montana-style steak house for dinner. There, amid the ersatz Western décor, we dug into our steaks and foil-wrapped baked potatoes. Frank ordered a massive porterhouse, rare, while I made do with a small fillet, medium well.
“God, I could use a drink!” Frank said. “Wouldn’t do to see the clients boozed up, though.”
He shook his head sadly and cut an enormous slice of porterhouse.
“Tell me, Frank,” I was approaching a delicate subject, “is everything about Valley Oaks totally, uh ...”
“On the level?” Frank said.
“Yeah.”
Frank chuckled. “Sure it is. The boss is competing against well established cemeteries, so he has to offer good value.”
He chewed the slice of steak quickly, swallowed, resumed talking.
“And the customers have full ownership,” he said. “Somebody could buy plots today and down the road resell them at a profit. They wouldn’t necessarily have to go through us, either.” 
He chuckled again. 
“Of course, the new owner could only bury somebody on the land, he couldn’t build a condo or anything.”
“Some of the sales methods, though,” I said, “aren’t they a little ... unconventional?”
“Yeah, you could say that.” Frank shrugged. “The boss purchased some real estate, but he needs agents who know how to sell illusions.”
“Illusions?”
“Yeah,” Frank said. “What people are really buying is the fantasy that they are looking out for their loved ones by lessening the burden of death. And when couples get a double plot, they feel that they are projecting their marriage vows into eternity.”
I sipped my lemonade. Yeah, this made sense. It even sounded rather empathetic. We ate in silence a couple minutes before Frank returned to form.
“There’s also the vanity factor,” he said. “Even though you’re dead, you can still be somebody with your own piece of underground realty and a handsome marker. Sometimes people just need a little nudge to make the purchase decision.”
I wouldn’t have considered Frank’s tactics as merely “a little nudge.” 
“The biggest thing to watch out for,” Frank said, “are people who say they’d rather be cremated. That’s the kiss of death for us, so to speak. Best to give them the old ‘meat hook’ routine.”
“What’s that?”
“Tell them that their loved ones will be manhandled with hooks at the crematoria,” Frank said. “Why should anybody care what happens to bodies that are going to be burned anyway?”
“Good grief!” I said. “Is that true?”
“How should I know?” Frank shrugged. “Probably not, but it sure works with the customers.”
He removed a newspaper clipping from his briefcase and smoothed it reverently. The title read: Families of Deceased Sue Crematory Owner.
“You can show them this, too.” He handed me the article. “I’ll make you a photocopy.”
The news story concerned a crematory owner who was being sued for not doing his job. Hundreds of decaying bodies lay scattered around his property, unburned. He’d been providing relatives with urns of cement dust instead of the ashes of their loved ones.
I shoved aside the remains of my steak. Frank smiled wryly and took back the clipping.
“I’ll be out the next couple weeks,” he said. “My wife finally talked me into taking her on a cruise. Got to keep her happy, right?”
“Sure,” I said. 
I felt an odd mixture of relief and dread. It would be nice to get rid of Frank, but I’d also feel insecure without him.
“You’ll be on your own most of the time, as the other agents are pretty tied up right now,” Frank said. “They’ll show you how to work telephone contacts, though.”
I looked doubtful.
“What’s the matter, a little gun shy?” Frank said.
I nodded.
“Don’t worry, you’ll get over it. Hell, I was that way myself at first.”
“Come on, Frank. You’re a natural.”
He smiled, accepting the compliment as his due. 
“Look, I’ve got two customer leads I’d like you follow up while I’m away. You just might earn your first commissions.” 
***
That night I had a major blow up with Julie on the phone. Something stupid, really. She’d wanted me to visit the campus the coming weekend for a concert. I’d said I was busy. 
I could have come, but I didn’t want to see Julie yet. My job was pressing down on me hard, literally like a coffin lid. Julie’s expectations weighed me down, too. I simply couldn’t handle them just then. 
I needed a break from her, that’s all. But I handled the situation badly, talking to Julie in my condescending jerk mode. 
She’d responded in her control freak persona: What! How dare you have a life without me, Tyler! 
Finally, she’d slammed down the phone.


Chapter 43: Cold Calls
“Everything seems stupid when it fails.” – Raskolnikov, speaking in Crime and Punishment, by Fyodor Dostoevsky

Dusk was approaching when I arrived at the deserted cemetery and exchanged my Chevy for the big, slab-sided company Lincoln. The car was unlocked with keys in the ignition. Mr. Vulchine was certainly very trusting. Then again, people in this neighborhood were not likely to be thieves.
Sliding into the driver’s seat gave me the sensation of entering some vast, sepulchral enclosure. I tossed my heavy briefcase onto the back seat and closed the door. It clunked shut with finality, the air pressure hurting my ears a bit. I pulled away from the darkened office building and headed for the cemetery gate. I tried to turn on the radio, but it seemed to have been disconnected. 
Always before, Frank had done the driving and a great deal of talking as well. His physical and acoustic bulk had taken up much space. Now I occupied the cavernous automobile alone in oppressive, hermetic silence. 
Or was I alone? 
As I negotiated the winding necropolis lanes, I had the creepy impression that somebody was sharing the car with me. I looked into the rear view mirror, then glanced over my shoulder to the back seat. 
I saw no one, of course, but as soon as I fixed my eyes on the road I felt the presence again, right behind me, as if somebody were sitting in the back seat breathing right past my ear – or maybe not breathing at all. The hairs on my neck bristled.
I turned around to peruse the back seat again just as the road took a curve without me. The Lincoln’s front end bumped over the gravel shoulder and started descending into the ditch.
“Whoa!” I swung back onto the road.
I kept my eyes outside the car now, whatever eerie feelings might be creeping up my spine from the back seat. Where was that damned gate, had I made a wrong turn? The car rode silky smooth, its massive engine making scarcely any sound. The large, graphic crucifix of the Catholic section passed by, casting a long shadow like a sundial. Then came a walled-in area of elegant tombstones – the Beverly Hills of the cemetery. A freshly dug grave with a mound of dirt beside it glided past.
I recalled the windy day in Taiwan when Bob West and I had visited the cemetery. That had been rather fun, like watching a horror movie – until we’d found that strangled cat. 
How would Jon Glass handle this situation, I wondered. Probably better than I was.
No he wouldn’t. He wasn’t here. As awful as this job was turning out to be, at least I was doing something Glass could never have dreamed up. This was my own, unique adventure, however perverse.
The Lincoln rode as quiet and secure as a wheeled coffin. Yes, that giant back seat was big enough to hold a corpse. I cast a jittery glance out the side window, half expecting to discover pallbearer rails bolted to the car’s flanks. 
Suddenly, the gate loomed ahead and I slammed on the brakes. The car threw its massive inertia forward, pitching me against the steering wheel. Something thudded in back, and my heart stopped cold. I flung the door open and was half way out before my mind registered what had happened. I turned slowly and looked in the back to see my heavy briefcase lying on the floor. 
I punched the access code and watched the motorized gate grind slowly open. Suddenly, the sensation of somebody being in back of me returned, overpowering in intensity. This time the perception came from outside the car, back by that fresh grave I’d just passed. 
The gate was half open; the presence approached my tail lights. The gate was almost fully opened; I sensed something hovering right outside my door. I gunned the engine and the behemoth took off, nearly hitting the edge of the retreating gate. I roared into the land of the living.
Several miles later I was cruising a working class suburb looking for the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Flynt. The street was a mixture of modest frame houses and larger, semi-shabby structures. This didn’t seem a very upscale neighborhood, not an area where you’d expect to find the most prosperous customers. Then again, people must die here as often as at any wealthier locale.
I parked a few doors down where a large enough space was available. A rush of cool wind bathed me as I exited the behemoth, drying the sweat which had collected on my forehead. The rays of a dying sun thrust across a sky filled with slashes of high cirrus, as if some vicious animal had clawed the heavens. I moved up the walk toward the Flynt’s front porch and noticed a Confederate flag hanging in the picture window. I hesitated, my Northern sensibilities prickling. 
Don’t be silly, I told myself, most people who displayed the Stars and Bars were only paying respect to their heritage. The Flynts must originate from the South and were just showing some regional pride. Heck, didn’t I have a Korean flag on my wall – what would some stranger think of that?
Then again, it was equally true that some individuals thrust their arms beneath the colorful imagery and embraced the cruel spirit within – bigoted personalities who would be delighted to see slavery return. Once at a bar, I’d suffered the misfortune of being embraced by such people. Maybe I just looked dumb, or perhaps the lighting was too low. Anyway, a small group of these jerks mistook me for one of their own, even buying me a beer. Their leader wore a denim shirt with a Confederate flag patch. 
Every other word they spoke was some ugly racial epithet. Man, I’d thought, if us white folks are supposed to be a superior race, you guys are one helluva lousy advertisement! Since I didn’t join in their racist talk, they became suspicious. I made a quick exit. 
Were the Flynts this sort of Neanderthal? 
What of it? I bounded up the steps and rang the bell. If they were Neanderthals, I was selling something they could use. The sooner the better.
Nobody answered. I rang again. The flag hung limp in the window, no one moving up behind it to open the door. I felt like a fool, dressed up in my somber suit, briefcase in hand – a half-baked death angel left standing at the altar. How’s that for a mixed metaphor?
I looked around the street, grateful that nobody was passing by to stare at me. What could I do? My next appointment didn’t expect me for some time yet. A more important question – what would Frank Mead do? 
Why, he’d make a cold call. That’s what I should do, too. What was there to lose besides the tattered remains of my self respect? The house two doors down had a tricycle on the grass, along with some other little kid toys. Little kids meant younger parents, and young couples were our most prized customers. 
I abandoned the porch and crossed to the other house. A label on the mail box said “Chuck and Peggy Scott.” I rang the bell, and a not unattractive, though rather frazzled looking, young woman answered the door.
“Mrs. Scott?” I said.
“Yes.”
“I’m Tyler Lakatos from Valley Oaks Estate Planning. Your neighbors, the Flynts, told us that you might be interested in hearing about our services.” 
The lie sat uncomfortably on my lips. She looked apprehensively toward the Flynt house.
“Them?” she said.
“Er ... yes.” I took a step back.
“Who is it, Honey?” a male voice called from inside.
“A salesman, the Flynts sent him here.”
“The Flynts?” he sounded as baffled as his wife had been.
“Actually, I’m not here to sell you anything,” I said, feeling a guilty twinge.
The man came to the door and stood beside his wife. He seemed a decent sort – around 30, well built, working class type of guy. 
“Come on in,” he said.
I crossed the threshold and went into autopilot. It was as if Tyler had remained on the porch and Frank Mead had stepped inside. Sure, I was an unlikely substitute – about 100 pounds lighter and 50 points higher in IQ – but in spirit I was the same. 
I went into Frank’s standard pitch, hanging onto it for dear life. I presented our free estate planning guide, complete with attached business card, and began talking about making wills, avoiding probate, and looking out for our loved ones by planning for the ultimate realities. 
As I talked, the Scotts became increasingly emotional, sitting close to each other, holding hands, looking into each other’s eyes frequently. By the time I pulled out the BOOK, they were both misty-eyed. 
Amazing. I’d brought them to this catharsis as skillfully as Frank Mead ever could. I began the core sales pitch, extolling Valley Oaks, rhapsodizing about the eternity of peace they could expect to find there buried together. Both were crying freely now. This was the moment Frank would go for the jugular. But I hesitated too long. Chuck stood up.
“I’ve got to get away for a while,” he said, wiping tears from his eyes. 
He left through the front door. I dumbly watched him go, uncertain about what to do next. Peggy stood up.
“Please excuse me,” she said.
She retreated to the bathroom. I heard water running and loud nose blowings. A little boy, about four years old, peaked around the corner with huge round eyes. I smiled and waved playful wiggly fingers. For an instant I was the old Tyler again, back in Korea bantering with Mr. Jong’s son. The moment passed.
Peggy resumed her seat on the sofa across from me. She looked pale and distraught, her fingers stroking the cemetery book on the coffee table. The phone rang, she answered.
She handed me the receiver. “It’s for you, Mr. Lakatos.”
Chuck was on the line. 
“Get the hell out of my house!” he shouted.
“Excuse me?” I said.
“I’ll be back in three minutes, and you’d better not be there.” 
Click! 
“I really must be going, Mrs. Scott,” I said. “There appears to be some misunderstanding.” 
As I passed the Flynt’s house on the way to the car, I noticed a light on in their living room, shining through the Confederate flag. I kept going.
My next prospects, Ray and Linda Pricor, lived on a short, semi-rural lane that curved along the course of a small creek, crossing the right angle between two main roads. By the time I got there night had fallen, and only a couple of strangled, yellowish street lights illuminated the area. 
I passed a little church and drove down the residential portion of the street vainly seeking the correct house. No porch lights burned, and there were no address-bearing mailboxes on the lawns. Cars parked along the street tilted at weird angles, leaning into the drainage ditches. 
I did not want to risk having the Lincoln slide into a ditch, so I pulled into a gravel driveway to turn around. My headlights caught sight of a junked car in the backyard and an engine block on the front porch of the shabby frame house. 
I returned to the church parking lot and left the car. A huge electrical tower loomed above, wires humming ominously. A freight train parked on a railroad overpass crouched like some great, slumbering beast. Gravel crackled under my shoes as I crossed the parking lot, sharp little edges poking my feet through the shoe leather.
Only the right side of the street had a paved walk, and I began creeping along it like a burglar casing the environs. A single-story white cinder block house glimmered dully on the far side of the street. This whole neighborhood was on the far side. 
I approached the first house to see the address, but was driven back by the frenzied barking of a large dog. Two red eyes stabbed out from the darkness. I grasped my briefcase like a shield. 
I moved on and the barking subsided. Acrimonious thoughts occupied my mind. Gee thanks, Frank, for giving me this outstanding sales lead! 
The situation did have its ghastly humorous aspects, though I hardly felt like laughing. Well, the new guy always got knocked around a bit, didn’t he?
I passed another house, wrong address, and continued walking past a large, unkempt back yard festooned with white lawn statues that shown in the dimness like tomb stones. Then the sidewalk abruptly ended. The creek emerged from behind the houses and continued along a vacant area of tangled underbrush. 
Ahead, where the street curved back to the main road, a large Psycho style house lurked, dim light flickering from a third-story window. That couldn’t be the place, could it? I sure wasn’t going there if it was.
I crossed the road and headed back. A street lamp partially illuminated a vacant lot containing two battered metal lawn chairs and a rusty, upended oil drum. I was reminded of the wine house décor in Korea. Beside the pavement, somebody had dug a shallow oblong hole and heaped a little pile of dirt beside it. I hurried past.
I came to the white cinder block house again and, wouldn’t you know, it was the correct address. My little stroll down nightmare lane had been for nothing. I knocked on the door, and a tall, very thin man with longish, greasy-looking hair answered.
“Mr. Pricor?” I said.
“That’s me.”
“I’m Tyler Lakatos, from Valley Oaks  – ”
“Oh, yeah,” he said, “come on in.” 
I entered the small living room. It was tidy, with fairly new, if cheap-looking furniture. The air was bad, though, stinking heavily of stale cigarette smoke. My eyes began watering. 
Ray lit a cigarette. “I was expecting the fat guy.”
“Would you be referring to Mr. Mead?” I asked.
“Yeah, that’s him, but you’ll do. How about a beer?”
“Sure, thanks.”
He called back toward the kitchen. “Bring us a coupla Buds, Linda, okay?”
This was against protocol, but I badly needed a beer. I could have drunk a whole case. A pallid woman, as tall and stringy as Mr. Pricor entered the living room carrying two cans of beer.
“This is my wife, Linda,” Ray introduced.
“Glad to meet you.” I shook her hand; it was cold and bony.
I popped the tab and, seating myself on the couch, drank the cold beer gratefully. I was struck by the similarity between the two of them. They could almost pass for brother and sister. My God, maybe they were brother and sister! 
I went into my spiel again. Ray sat next to me smoking while his wife remained standing, leaning against the wall. 
All the time I spoke, Linda watched me intensely, never diverting her half-hooded eyes. Her gaze seemed to slip right under my three piece suit. I felt like a stiff spread out on an examining table, my uneasiness increasing by the minute. 
I tried to concentrate on my pitch, which was difficult because I received no feedback whatever from either of them – no tears, no comments – just that awful stare from Linda and Ray’s continuous production of cigarette smoke. 
But when I got to the gist of the presentation and brought out the color illustrations of the cemetery, Ray interrupted.
“Naw,” he said, “we ain’t interested. We think cremation is better.”
The cautionary voice of Frank Mead gurgled up from my memory. 
“Don’t let them get going on cremation,” it said. “That’s the surest way to send our profits up in smoke. Give them the old meat hook routine.”
I took another swig from my beer. 
“Many people feel that way,” I said, “until they learn the facts. Do you know how bodies are cremated?”
Interest flared in Ray’s eyes. He crushed out his cigarette.
“How?” he said.
“W-well,” I said. “The bodies are not handled with the loving respect they deserve. You know, they sometimes use a hook type device to handle the remains.”
“Really?” Ray said.
An evil look shot across his face; he slid closer on the sofa. 
“What else do they do?” he asked in a low, husky voice, blowing foul breath my direction.
Linda leaned forward, her eyes fully open now, a lascivious smile curling her lips. 
“I ... well,” I said.
“Come on, man, tell me!” Ray gripped my knee.
I was instantly on my feet. Diabolical laughter chased me as I fled out the door. 
Thrashing through the darkness, I somehow got to the Lincoln and roared off.


Chapter 44: Liberation
“When a man fails in one world, he succeeds in another. Tis a very great pleasure to see and do new things.” – Cacambo, speaking in Candide, by Voltaire

Death image nightmares suffocated my sleep that night. Vance Cooper starred in the first ghastly scenario.

Vance sitting at his battered desk behind an overflowing ashtray. Cigarette in one hand, a drink in the other. With every puff, his face becomes paler and more drawn. Crimson smoke drifts toward the ceiling which is dark and vaulted like an ancient tomb’s. 

He finishes the cigarette as the last flesh melts off his skull. He raises the drink, and the glass clicks against bared teeth.

I woke up, ran to the bathroom, drank some water and popped an aspirin. But as soon as I dropped off, the dead were back.
An announcer, who looks a lot like Frank Mead, steps into the television screen. His dignified, conservatively dressed demeanor clashes with his carnival barker sales pitch:

“Yes, folks, you really can take it with you!” he shouts. “Death does not have to be an expensive and unpleasant chore! At Valley Oaks, you’re more than just another corpse, and we aren’t the only ones who will be pleased at your arrival. So, when that old Grim Reaper comes a-knocking, you can rest assured ...” 

A choir sings an idiot jingle in the background, using the same melody as the ad for a local furniture store: “Though your coffin is under the ground (hey hey!), you can still be financially sound ...”

The clock radio put a merciful end to this. I jerked my head off the pillow, then relaxed back, secure in the knowledge that ten minutes of classical music awaited before the buzzer would go off. 
Unfortunately, the goddam station was playing the Mozart Requiem. The music lulled me into a half sleep and returned me to the events of fourteen years ago – by far the worst nightmare of all. 

Victor and I at the funeral home, sitting on either side of Mom in the front row of chairs. Mom is rigid and motionless, almost as if she were dead herself. Ahead of us, the elegant wood casket where Dad is laid out. I can just see his face protruding from its terrible enclosure – serene, quiet, with no hint of suffering.

Floral scents waft from the arrangements around the casket. I glance away. When I look back, the flower arrangements have multiplied greatly. The odor becomes overpowering, sickly. I’d always hated the smell of flowers since then. 

Grandfather Alois hobbles toward us, scarcely able to move. The strong, vigorous gentleman with the von Hindenburg mustache has become a shattered old man. 
The scene abruptly changes to a wedding party. My bride, dressed white with her face obscured by a black veil, sits beside me in the limo. I look out the back window and see a long procession of dark Lincolns with pallbearer rails on the sides. Our car drags black streamers behind it. I take my bride’s hand; it is cold as ice.

Finally, the alarm buzzer ended my suffering. I rolled out of bed exhausted and sore, as if the heavyweight champ had worked me over. I stumbled downstairs and brewed some coffee.
“The cemetery office called,” Mom said. “They want the car back by 12:00.”
“Okay,” I said.
I peered outside at a beautiful May morning. The Lincoln’s massive bulk crouched on the driveway absorbing the brightness. 
After a long, hot shower I lathered up for a shave and wiped a swatch of steam off the mirror. The desperate face of a person who had run out of options stared back. 
How could I possibly continue with this horrible job? The thought of calling Julie popped into my mind, maybe I could make up with her. But how could I handle the heavy duty commitments she wanted? I felt myself on a tight rope, ready to totter off any second.
I finished shaving and rinsed my face with hot water. A fresh layer of steam covered the mirror. Without giving my action any thought, I wrote on the glass with my finger: 

I headed downstairs and opened the front door just as the mail man was coming up the walk. I held out my hand for the mail. Big mistake. Chief, who hated all outsiders, misinterpreted the situation. From his viewpoint standing in the dining room, all he saw was some stranger reaching in at me. He charged in a fury, knocked the screen door from my hand, and bit at the mail man.
“Ahhh!” The guy screamed.
He jumped away, scattering mail.
I flung my arms around Chief’s neck and pulled with all my strength. Hard muscles worked under the puffy hair with a violent desire to rip and kill. Somehow I held him back.
“What’s going on!” Mom cried.
I manhandled Chief into the kitchen and then out the side door. I returned to the living room and plopped down on the sofa, utterly exhausted. Mom had brought the mail man into the bathroom and was doctoring his wound. Fortunately, he’d suffered only a torn pant leg and a light graze. 
A monster headache reached up from my tensed shoulders and gripped my skull. Wouldn’t this ever stop? My whole life was one ghastly episode after another. God, could I use a drink! 
I thought of stopping for a quick one on my way to the cemetery, but decided to wait. Best believe that Ms Davenport would detect booze on my breath and inform the Boss that I’d returned their motorized coffin in a state of inebriation.  
As I left the house, I discovered a letter addressed to me lying in the shrubbery. A Michigan return address! I tore it open:

Hey Tyler,
Should your employment prospects be as grim as mine, you might want to consider another overseas adventure. I’m going to Iran, of all places. I’ll be working for an American training company there teaching English to the Iranian army.
This ain’t no kettle of makoli. The money’s good, and the company needs more teachers. You could get a job, too. Of course, I’d put in a good word for you.
I’m leaving in a couple of weeks for orientation in Chicago. Maybe we could go together? Here’s the company contact info and my phone number. Best time to call me is weeknights after 10:00 real time (that’s Michigan time). Take care. 
Your old chingu,
Robert L. West (Bob)

My headache vanished instantly. I seemed to be leaping out of a dark valley onto a broad, sunlit mesa.
Iran? Victor had done a report on that country back in junior high. The Iranian embassy had sent him a full-color book. All I remembered was an ornate portrait of the Shah, Empress Farah, and the little Crown Prince – all looking glittery and content. I knew little else about the country.
No matter, Iran wasn’t here, and that’s what counted. Here could only mean the death business or an endless sentence flipping burgers – while Iran beckoned with high-paid, exotic adventure. 
Ancient Persia. I’d be following in the steps of Alexander the Great! Who could tell what discoveries lay ahead?
I jumped in the Lincoln and roared off to the cemetery, stopping only long enough to toss the keys on Ms Davenport’s desk and retrieve my Chevy. By early afternoon I was on the phone to the training company’s office. That night, real time, I called Bob. 
Then I left for Iran. 




Seven: Stages of Revolution


Chapter 45: First Impressions of the Kingdom
Having been condemned by nature and fortune to an active and restless life ... I again left my native country. – Gulliver’s Travels, Jonathan Swift

From the Das Road diary, by Bob West

I don’t think I’m going to like Iran. In fact, I know it.
Everything started out okay. Orientation in Chicago was a blast. Good restaurants, jazz clubs, a boat cruise on Lake Michigan. The others in our group were cheap and stayed in nights, but Tyler and I blew every cent of our per diem.
Things started to go sour on the flight to Tehran. The food was terrible, and the Bloody Mary I drank gave me a headache. I don’t think the headache is going to leave as long as I’m here.
Jolfa Hotel
We arrived in Esfahan and checked into the Jolfa Hotel. We’ll live here until we find other housing. A little background info:
Bell Helicopter International (BHI) has sold Iran a big helicopter fleet. So, there’s a huge demand for Americans to train Iranian pilots and mechanics. BHI has scraped the bottom of the barrel pretty hard to fill all the jobs. Some of the people they and other American companies have sent here are real pricks! 
I saw a lot of these types circulating through the Jolfa Hotel. Most of them are ex military and many have Vietnam experience. I don’t want to overstate this. God knows, if I had passed my physical, I’d be a war veteran, too. 
Most of the guys are okay; a lot have wives and kids with them. But there are quite a few ass holes, too. Anybody can see this, so there’s no reason to go into a lot of detail. 
But even the best ones don’t know how to act in a foreign culture. They offend the local people without meaning to just by the way they walk down the street and by their loud conversation. 
The Iranian helicopter pilots and mechanics need to learn English. That’s where we come in. Our company is a BHI subcontractor. Many of us are former PCVs, so at least we understand that we are in a foreign country and must show some respect. 
One night Tyler and I were hanging around the lobby when some American bastard had a run in with the Iranian desk clerk. It was a small issue, but the American was being very loud and insulting. Afterwards he sat down by us. He was a big, older guy with a gray brush cut.
“I’ll give you a word that solves lots of problems,” he said. “W-A-R!”
“Oh, really?” Tyler said.
“Yeah,” the guy said. “It gets rid of the excess population.” 
He didn’t stick around long, thankfully.
“I can think of one person in the ‘excess population’ to get rid of,” I said.
“Yeah,” Tyler said. “Guys like that make you understand why we’re hated all over the world.” 
Tyler left on one of his walks, and I went to the hotel lounge. Elaine was sitting at the bar with two other single American women. Elaine has been in Iran two years working for the company. I sat by them, but they were too busy chatting to notice me.
“I hadn’t screwed around that much,” one of the girls was saying, “but I could tell the guy was really bad. You just knew when he was turning from page 5 to page 6 of the sex manual.” 
I sipped my beer. Kind of hard to ease into a conversation like this one. Two drunk American guys sat on the other side of the women, ogling them. A couple of Iranian slime balls at a table also looked interested. 
“Excuse me,” I said.
The girls stopped blabbing long enough to look my way.
“There’re some nasty looking guys in here,” I said. “Maybe it would be best if you called it a night.”
“I don’t give a shit!” Elaine replied. 
So, I finished my beer and left. As I was waiting for the lobby elevator, an uproar came from the bar. Shouts, busting glass, the usual brawl noises. I got on my elevator without looking back.
The School
There was some uncertainty about where we’d be working on the army base south of Esfahan. We’d either go to the Flight School and teach helicopter pilot trainees, or we’d be assigned to the Mechanics’ School. Finally, word came down that we’d be going to the Mechanics’ School.
“Good luck,” informed people said. “You’re in for it now!”
Everything about the Flight School was much better, they said. The building was nicer, and it was located on the main base. The level of students was higher, too. 
At least I had some warning, but I was not prepared for our first trip to the Mechanic’s School. The building sits in the barren desert on the ass end of the army base. Absolutely nothing around it, just this concrete block. As if somebody had dropped a big public lavatory onto the moon. The place smelled like a john much of the time, too.
It was supposedly a converted barracks. For who, the lost battalion? Damn! The Shah is paying billions for helicopters and other military stuff. Can’t he afford a few bucks for a decent training facility? 
Tyler and I were assigned to different instructor groups. I went with him to check his out.
Tyler’s first floor “teachers’ lounge” was even worse than mine on the second floor. A big, battered table with equally battered chairs around it. Dingy walls, dust and crap. The guy sitting at the senior instructor’s desk looked familiar, though I didn’t recognize the bushy red beard. Then he said something in a German accent.
“Rolf Ullrich!” I said.
“Yes?” he looked up.
“I’m Bob West, we met on the boat to Japan. Remember?”
“Bob!” he stood up. “And Tyler, too.” 
We all shook hands.
“Do you still have that record player?” Tyler asked.
“Yeah,” Rolf said. “Do you want to buy it? While you’re at it, do you want my job, too?” 
“I hadn’t thought about it,” Tyler said.
Rolf lowered his voice. “Let met tell you, man, it really sucks.”
My senior instructor, lowest level boss, is an American guy named Pete. We didn’t hit it off. I didn’t hit it off very well with my class, either, though probably no worse than most other teachers. These cadet mechanics sure are a world apart from the middle school girls I taught in Korea! 
Many of the staff members wear “distinctive clothing” supplied by the company. This uniform consists of gray slacks and a blue jacket with the company logo stitched on the left breast pocket. 
“That looks like a bull’s eye right over your heart,” Tyler commented. 
We’re all supposed to get distinctive clothing and are required to wear it. I can’t wait. Colonel Shanaz, the base commander, gave us a talk. God, what a nut case! I kept pinching myself, asking if this all is really happening. 
The Jolfa House
A veteran teacher named Chuck Starsky (no relation to the TV cop) had space available at his house, so Tyler and I moved in. It’s a big, traditional type place in the Jolfa Armenian quarter not far from the hotel. His roommate finished his two-year contract and is heading home. 
Stars is the most laid-back guy I’ve ever met, but his old roommate, Lou, is a nervous wreck. He’s returning to Indiana – not a day too soon, according to him. He said that Iran has worn him out. Worse, he’d injured his back somehow and moved slowly and painfully. 
The last evening before Lou left for Tehran, the four of us sat in the kitchen drinking. Then Lou got up to leave. He hobbled out to the narrow kuche and got into a taxi, a battered veteran finally returning home. 
Tyler and I traded glances. What the hell were we getting into?
Social Life, or Lack of
Many gay men work for the company. I don’t give a shit, as Elaine would say, but quite a few others are upset. You hear a lot of gay bashing comments. 
This situation is no surprise, considering the dismal female prospects here. Just try to talk to an Iranian woman and you risk getting clobbered by her male relatives. If your intentions are “honorable” and you’re willing to convert to Islam, you might be able to marry an Iranian girl. If you could even meet her in the first place. 
As far as anything else, forget it. The single foreign women are having a field day, and a lot of the married ones, too, I’d suppose.
Our coworker, Bert, is a late middle-aged gay man from Savannah. He’s out of the closet and cuts quite a figure with his wrinkled face and henna-dyed hair. He enjoys teasing Arlene, a middle-aged gal notorious for her sexual exploits.
“Ah-leen,” Bert says, “I’ve got something for you. It’s six inches long and you’re gonna love every inch of it.”
“Bert, all you do is talk!” Arlene replies.
When we first got here, Bert invited me to a party at his house. What did I know? It soon became obvious that the other guests were gay and that I was being checked out. The guys were nice and all, but I felt very uncomfortable. Then I slipped on a loose carpet and fell. My drink glass broke, spilling booze and ice over the floor.
“Well, Bob, that’s one way to break the ice,” Bert said.
I’ve been breaking a lot of ice. Booze is our security blanket, along with hashish and even some opium. Tyler is getting concerned about this. I am too. I try to like this place, but I’m just beating my head against a wall: “If I do this a few more times, maybe I’ll enjoy it.”
Tyler is all excited about the helicopter orientation rides we’re supposed to get, but I’m not interested. I contacted my friend, Paul, in Bangkok and asked him to check out teaching jobs for me. I’ve got to get out of here!


Chapter 46: Summer before the Storm
“Even a man with a matchbox is a potential danger in Iran.” – Josef Stalin

Tyler’s Account
As soon as we left Tehran’s dense urban environment, I felt a sense of destiny wrapping itself around my shoulders. The dramatic landscapes of Iran speak to me of ancient secrets and of personal destiny – even more so than the Korean mountains did. You just have to wait until yours appears. 
Summer progressed pleasantly enough in Esfahan. I sought out positive activities so as to avoid developing a dragged-out attitude. Teaching the Iranian cadet mechanics is no piece of cake, and our working conditions are pretty lousy, but the fat paychecks ease the pain a lot.
I bought a membership at the Kurosh Hotel outdoor pool where I headed most weekdays after work. It’s a veritable fountain of youth. You fall into the water exhausted and emerge as vigorous as the New Socialist Man. 
One day, as I lounged on the pool deck sipping a cocktail with some other teachers, I noticed somebody swimming laps. He just sort of appeared in the water, on the far side of the pool.
“Who is that guy?” I asked.
“Beats me,” one of the teachers said. 
The group conversation resumed. It was the usual downer talk: a) the company sucks, b) Iran sucks, and c) our students are obnoxious pests. There is, undeniably, some truth to this last complaint.
Aside from an occasional older sergeant, our students are all young cadets, some as little as sixteen. They have signed on for thirty-year army hitches! If I were in their predicament, I’d be an obnoxious pest myself. Still, I rather liked them – most of the time. 
An hour of vapid discussion passed before I heard the blessed words: “See you later, Tyler.”
My colleagues left, and I occupied myself for another hour with a book. The deck emptied out until I was the last person on it. All this time, the guy had kept swimming, back and forth without tiring, like a machine. Sun glare and splashing water obscured his features. 
Then everything went abruptly quiet, and I pulled my nose out of the book. I thought the guy had run out of steam and sunk to the bottom. I hurried to the deep end and peered down to the pool floor – nobody. No wet footprints led away from the water. I quickly got dressed and left for a walk.
Walking is my other favorite activity. Hurry along busy sidewalks, pass women washing clothes and dishes in the open jubes, buy pistachios from a street vendor. Pause at the open-air bakery to watch men toss flat bread into their oven with long-handled paddles. With my dark hair and a three-day beard, I can almost fake being a local. 
Saturdays are great for treks along the Zayandeh Rud – River of Life. The countryside starts right after the final picturesque arched bridge. A greenbelt winds along the river, a world away from the grim desert where we spend our working hours. I’ve come upon a Zoroastrian fire temple and other ruins. Returning after dark, I’ve seen packs of stray dogs scavenging in town. Big brutes, lurking around the deserted streets, eyeing the lone pedestrian. 
Esfahan is a surprising combination of modern and exotic. A trip to the bazaar is a step back in time. Within its convoluted passages are rug merchants, copper smiths, craftsmen working in silver and inlay. But go outside to the Chahar Bagh main drag and you’re among modern banks and offices. First class hotels dot the landscape. 
Heavy traffic buzzes everywhere, and drivers are reckless. I saw an Iranian man punch his head through a windshield on Pahlavi Boulevard. Another time, as I rode in a taxi on Bozorgmehr, a truck swerved over. Its load of steel rods ripped open the car in front of us like a sardine can. 
Thousands of foreigners live here, mostly Americans. They have brought the most raucous aspects of Western society, often running roughshod over Iranian sensibilities.  
American Esfahan includes many restaurants and bars, some with gorgeous Southeast Asian girls. There’s Bell Family Services, where you can watch American movies, and softball games between the various foreign corporations. 
Our team, the Jube Dogs, is excellent. I’ve heard people express surprise that a “fag company” like ours would have enough “veer-ile males” for a team. 
Economic fear is a big motivator in our expatriate community. People are holding desperately on to their jobs, hating the work and the country, but afraid to leave. One guy has big medical bills to settle back home. He’d suffered a lung embolism. 
“I woke up and there was blood everywhere,” he explained once during lunch. “Blood on the sheets, blood on the floor!”
“Please, that’s enough,” we all protested.
Jolfa is the relatively placid Armenian quarter – an area of high walls and narrow kuches. The sole jarring note is a message somebody scrawled on a wall in bold letters: “Death for Turkey Government.” 
Our house is a traditional one on Kuche Voskan. Bob and Stars have rooms in the main house. My room, the former servant quarters, is across the courtyard by the gate. It offers privacy, although it is sometimes a bit noisy – like at night when Bob stumbles through the gate drunk. 
So, I just drifted along, as If I were inside a soap bubble looking out at this peculiar world. My surroundings give me a sense of the temporary and the timeless. The temporary, bogus world of American Esfahan amid the timeless history and geography of Persia. 
American Esfahan won’t last much longer, I’m convinced.
Civil unrest is increasing throughout Iran, and numerous riots have occurred in major cities. The US Consulate in Esfahan suffered a bomb attack. Everybody sees a foreign hand behind the unrest. I have a simpler theory: The Shah has screwed up big time and is now paying the price. 
I’m certainly no expert, but I believe the Shah’s days are numbered. I felt the same way from the earliest days of Watergate – Nixon was doomed long before he and most other people realized it. Destiny is working out. The Shah just has to wait for his to arrive.
A few weeks after getting here, I received a letter from Julie. Things are going well between us again. In my last phone call, I invited her to visit over her Christmas break. She agreed. I didn’t tell her the full story, though, as I hadn’t figured it out myself yet. 
If things don’t settle down soon – and I don’t think they will – the situation here could be pretty dicey come Christmas. Why not get out and meet Julie in Paris or Rome? Then we could take off and travel the world. We could spend months doing this, maybe even years. Julie and the road. Talk about the best of everything!
But a nagging inner voice tells me, “The real choice is Julie or the road.” 


Chapter 47: Helicopter Encounter


“Sovereignty! Liberty! An Islamic Republic!” – Voice of the Revolutionary Masses

Our employee bus to the Crown Prince Reza Pahlavi army base made excellent time. The Iranian driver handled the thing like an oversized Ferrari, barreling down the straight ways and whipping through Shiraz circle oblivious to the other traffic. Students milled about the gate of Esfahan University brandishing placards and chanting slogans.
Typical grousing conversations occupied the American passengers.
“Every one of my students fell asleep during language lab yesterday,” somebody said. “By the time I woke up the last one, the others had nodded off again.”
“Sounds like they were smoking opium in the barracks,” another teacher observed.
We passed through the base gate and bumped along the dirt road toward the Mechanics’ school. Then, the driver suddenly pulled over and slowed to crawl. A loud thumping on the side of the bus brought us to a halt. 
“What’s going on?” Bob asked from across the aisle.
I looked out my window and was astonished to see Colonel Shanaz strutting by in full dress uniform, a sword hanging from a gold sash around his waist. He grasped the weapon by the hilt and walked with measured strides, like a windup toy. 
I heard various muttered endearments from my colleagues including: “sicko,” “lunatic,” and “fucking idiot.”
Common soldiers stood around trying to look important. One of them must have banged on our bus as the Colonel would not have wanted to soil his white gloves. 
“Who is that guy?” one of the new teachers asked.
“Colonel Shanaz,” I said, “the base commander.”
“Him?” An alarmed expression crossed the teacher’s face.
Bob came over to look out my window. “Yep, it’s the great man himself.”
The inspection completed, we continued on to the school building and disgorged ourselves onto the desert. I entered the first-floor lounge and took a place at the staff table. Rolf sat at his desk, writing furiously. 
I pulled an unsealed aerogramme out of my briefcase and perused its contents. The message I’d written to Julie was brief and to the point. In a couple paragraphs I told her that I’d decided to resign by year’s end. Things were starting to go south in Iran, I said, and it probably wasn’t wise for her to come at Christmas break. How about meeting someplace else, like Paris?
I signed off “love, Tyler” and sealed the aerogramme. I held it briefly in my hands, studying the front. Julie’s neatly typed name and address looked up toward me with solid finality.
Printed in the upper right, along with the postage amount, was a dramatic portrait of the Shah in military uniform – royal epaulets on his shoulders and a chest full of decorations. Behind him a sleek airliner thrust toward the future. Royal crowns festooned both upper edges of the aerogramme. 
At least nobody could fail to recognize who the boss of Iran was. Shah on the stamps, Shah on the money, on front pages and TV screens. Boulevards and public squares bore his name. The military base was named after his son – pointing to the immortality of the regime. I’d thought that President Pak in Korea had commanded a lot of exposure, but he was a shy lily compared to the Shah.
I slipped the letter back into my brief case. After work, I’d mail it from the main post office. Now that I had committed my intentions to writing, they took on a solemn reality, as if my departure from Iran were now a matter of days instead of months. 
Bob would be unhappy, but maybe this would be the push needed to get him back to Bangkok where he belonged. I’d miss Bob, but what about everything else? 
I looked about the shabby lounge with its dingy, battered furnishings, at the gray faces of my colleagues and their dust ingrained clothing, at the wind-blown desert sand outside the window. A photocopy machine sat out there, exposed to the elements. It had been delivered days ago, but nobody had seen fit to bring it inside. 
Hell no, I wouldn’t miss anything here! At the proper time, I’d write up my resignation and submit it to Rolf. He could then shove it up the chain of command to the big bosses in the rarefied upper echelon. 
Julie arose in my consciousness, like a beacon – her captivating eyes and incredible eroticism, her little gasps when she was about to orgasm ...  
The phone on Rolf’s desk jangled. He yanked it off the hook, still scribbling on his note pad with his other hand.
“Hello, Ullrich here,” he said.
He spoke a few moments, then called me over. 
“What’s up, Rolf?” I said.
“Are you interested in a helicopter ride?” Rolf said. “Somebody canceled out, and there’s room on a flight this morning.”
“Yeah!” I said.
Rolf spoke a bit more, then hung up. 
“They’re sending a car,” he said. “I’ll arrange a sub for your class.”
Wasn’t this the icing on the cake? Ever since I’d got here I’d been looking forward to my orientation helicopter ride. Now that I’d given up on the idea, my number had finally come in.
“All right everybody,” Rolf announced, “time to get started!”
He pressed a button for the electric bell, nothing happened. 
“Damn, broken again!” he said.
He grabbed a makeshift bell crafted from a junked helicopter part and, flinging open a window, banged the contraption with a metal pipe. The room emptied amid a chorus of mutterings and shuffling feet.
I moved out into the hallway, deserted now except for grizzled old Akbar, the janitor, who was sweeping the floor. I bounded up the external stairway to gain a lookout for my ride. The door to the second floor hall was propped open, and I could see an Iranian army lieutenant strolling past the classrooms.
The lieutenant looked trim and dapper in his well-pressed uniform and silk cravat, swagger stick in hand. There must have been other things he would have rather been doing than patrolling this dump. A breeze stirred down the hallway, bringing the stench of a backed-up lavatory with it. I moved down the stairs away from the blow zone.
A dust stream moving across the barrens indicated the approach of my ride. After a few minutes, a Jyane “pickup truck” pulled alongside the building. Unknown to me, a couple of other instructors were  waiting outside beneath the stairs, and they grabbed the two best places on the single bench seat. I had to wedge myself in on the left side of the driver, hanging half out of the vehicle, a chain the only barrier keeping me from tumbling out. 
“Looks like a good day for flying!” the American driver said.
“Yeah,” we all agreed. 
The flimsy vehicle groaned along much more slowly than it had come, its two cylinder engine laboring under our added weight. Ahead, off to our left, I noticed several dark spots moving towards us across the desert.
“Ever been up in a helicopter?” the driver asked.
I twisted his direction. 
“No, but I parachuted out of an airplane once,” I said.
“Yeah?” he said. “The way some of these Iranian pilots fly, you might want to consider jumping out again!”
He laughed, but I didn’t find the comment amusing. I turned my attention back outside the car. The dark spots were much closer now – a dog pack, heading right for us.
“Can you go any faster?” I pointed to the rapidly closing dogs.
“Hey, the welcoming committee,” the driver cried.
He grabbed the lever protruding from the dashboard and downshifted. Then he stomped the gas and the overloaded Jyane began moving slightly faster, taxing its two-cylinder engine. The dogs were right beside us now, snapping at me. I shoved myself as far as possible inside the car.
“Watch out!” the driver cried. “You’re pushing me off the wheel!”
“Want to trade places?” I shouted back.
Hot breath puffed on me. The pack leader was a huge, ugly brute with a savage head and a trunk incongruously covered with fluffy hair that flowed back in the slipstream. He looked like Chief with a werewolf head grafted on. Fortunately, they soon fell off the pace and vanished back into the dust. I eased myself out of the driver’s lap.
“Thanks,” he said. “If you’re so interested, why didn’t you just ask for my phone number?”
Everybody was a comedian these days.
“This is an army base.” I said. “Why don’t they shoot those goddam things?” I said.
“Maybe they love animals.”
We arrived at the main base without further incident. This area actually looked halfway decent – tidy buildings, flags snapping in the wind, helicopters lined up on the tarmacs – nothing like the desolate corner where the Mechanics’ School lurked. 
We attended a brief orientation, donned flight suits and helmets, then clambered aboard a helicopter. The three of us passengers occupied the back. Up front, a young Iranian student pilot took the left seat, while an American instructor pilot sat on the right. 
The American turned back toward us. “Ready to go, folks?” 
“Sure!” we replied.
The Iranian student pilot jerked us airborne.
“Easy on the controls!” the instructor cried.
This set the tone for the flight – the nervous student pilot screwing up and the instructor bawling him out. We choppered into the desert and flew low over a small adobe settlement. Astonished villagers watched us from their rooftops. 
“You’re too damned low!” the instructor shouted. “Are you fixin’ to give them folks haircuts with the rotor?”
We flew along the edge of a canyon, then suddenly dropped like a stone down inside it. The cliff face shot by dangerously close.
“Jesus!” the instructor cried. “Get over!”
We pulled away from the wall and continued downwards.
“Get us outta here!” the instructor roared.
The elevator ride reversed and we popped up into open sky again. The American turned toward us.
“Sorry folks,” he said. “I’m having a little trouble communicating with my student. I’m radioing ahead to see if we can get an English instructor to join us.”
I’d heard of these guys, the in-flight language tutors who served as intermediaries between the Iranian student pilots and their American trainers. They flew around all day, listening in on the front seat communications and translating the often colorful language of the flight instructors into the familiar patterns the Iranians had learned in their English classes. This was the primo teaching job, available to only a select few.
We continued on straight and level for a while, then the instructor spoke again. 
“We’re stopping to pick up the language tutor,” he said. “There’s a brook, so feel free to get out and take a drink.”
Our helicopter set down in the barren desert. We three passengers clambered out, stooping under the steady Wonka! Wonka! of the rotor blades and made our way to a little brook bubbling out of the ground. Clunking about in our unfamiliar jump suits and helmets, we seemed like spacemen on the surface of the moon. The water tasted wonderfully cool.
We returned to our seats. Soon, another chopper landed nearby and a lone figure disembarked, dressed as we were. He walked toward us with a sinuous gait, the way a snake might walk if it could stand upright. He wasn’t a big guy, but an aura of power attended him. 
I couldn’t read his name tag yet, but that wasn’t necessary. I knew instinctively who it was. It was destiny, arriving out of the heat shimmer.
He entered without saying a word. A shock wave seemed to accompany his passage, forcing me back into my seat. He took a place behind the pilots and plugged into the intercom so as to monitor their conversation. 
We took off. Things smoothed out now, and the Iranian student flyer made no further mistakes. At the end of the flight, as we approached the base and prepared to land, I leaned forward to read the language tutor’s name tag. 
It said “Jon Glass” as I’d expected. 
We made a smooth landing, and Jon started to leave. I reached up from my seat and touched his arm. It felt as hard as an iron bar. 
“I’ve got to talk to you,” I said.
He looked down through his tinted helmet visor, unmoving. I could discern none of his facial features, just a reflection of my own.
“I’m Tyler Lakatos, at the Mechanics’ School.”
He nodded slightly and was gone.
***
Later, I discovered that my letter to Julie had been misplaced. It was never mailed. I could always write her again – some other time.


Chapter 48: A Fun Day at School
These are the first year students. They are busy and happy. The walls are white, and the blackboard is black. – Middle school English textbook, ROK Ministry of Education

I stood by the blackboard and regarded my students sitting at their desks, studying their textbooks, faces filled with childish mischief waiting to spring out. Eight Iranian teenagers in army fatigues and short, bristly hair. The ninth student, Sergeant Hosseini, was a man of around 30 with longer hair and a mustache. He looked out of place among the kids. 
Despite their extreme youth, we always referred to the cadets as “mister.” In some ways, they reminded me of my Korean middle school students – the shaved heads, the irreverent troublesomeness always ready to burst out from their restrictive, militarized environment.  
This period we’d reviewed sub technical English vocabulary, terms like: ball peen hammer, main rotor assembly, and adjustable wrench. As always, the students read obscene, usually phallic, double meanings into the words. A helicopter component called a push pull tube was a particular favorite. 
But now things were momentarily quiet, and my mind drifted. My encounter from the day before haunted me. Jon Glass really existed in the flesh! I’d seen him with my own eyes and had felt his powerful arm. Once, when I was a kid, I’d touched a baby elephant at a petting zoo. I remembered its cast-iron solidity. Jon’s arm had felt like that. 
Sergeant Hosseini looked up from his desk. “Mr. Tyler, are you all right?” 
“Yes, I’m fine, thank you,” I said.
“You seem unhappy today,” Mr. Gohari said.
I tried to smile.
“You like hashish, Mr. Tyler?” Sergeant Hosseini asked. “This afternoon, you and I go my house and smoke the hashish. Make you feel good.”
I glanced out the door, fearful that somebody might be overhearing. My fictitious wife would have to rescue me from this situation. 
“Thank you, Sergeant,” I said, “but my wife wouldn’t like that.”
A soldier with an almost cherubic face, piped up – Mr. Hekmati, the class clown. 
“Iranian wife always does what man wants!” he cried. “You want hashish? She likes that.” 
“Well, American wives are different,” I said lamely.
Last week I’d gotten fed up with Mr. Hekmati’s constant antics and had sent him out to the Lieutenant for discipline. He’d returned several minutes later, his uniform covered with dust and tears running down his cheeks. Witnesses told me that the Lieutenant had starting whacking him with a swagger stick. Mr. Hekmati had retreated toward the stairs and fallen down a flight. 
Guess I wouldn’t be sending anybody to the Lieutenant for a while.
“You know opium?” Sergeant Hosseini said. “We can smoke the opium.”
I felt my face reddening, much to the amusement of the class. 
“I’m afraid that isn’t possible,” I said, “but thank you anyway, Sergeant.”
I picked up my textbook. Best to keep drilling right up to the bell. The next item on the vocabulary list was the word “exposed.”  
“Can somebody give me as sentence with exposed,” I said.
“Hekmati is exposed!” a student cried, pointing to Mr. Hekmati’s half opened fly.
“Thank you, Mr. Rafizadeh,” I said, “that’s very good.”
I noticed a couple of wires dangling from a small hole in the wall. Here was the perfect visual aid, much better than Mr. Hekmati’s fly.
“Look at these wires,” I directed. 
The students leaned forward. 
I pointed to the bare copper. “These wires are made of ...”
“Metal!” the class replied.
“What kind of metal?” I said.
“Copper,” somebody said.
I pointed to the insulating material “The copper is covered with ...”
“Plastic!”
“Does the plastic cover all the copper?” I asked.
“No!” the class replied.
“So, these wires are exposed,” I said.
I took hold of them. A tremendous shock jolted through me.
“Ahhhh!” 
I wrenched my hands away and barely managed to plop into my chair before passing out. I sat there, holding my head in trembling hands. The students were dumbfounded. Even Mr. Hekmati was silent. 
Thank God, the bell rang.
“Well ... there’s one word you’ll remember,” I said.
I left the classroom with as much dignity as possible. 
Damned idiot! Everything else in this building is fouled up, you should have figured those wires would be hot. 
Still dazed, I tripped on the stairs and almost fell. A death grip on the handrail was all that saved me. Somehow, I made it back to the teachers’ room.
“You’ve got a call, Tyler.” Rolf shoved a phone into my hand.
“Hello?” I said.
“This is Glass,” the phone said.
Silence, finality, as if the words were carved in stone.
“Oh ... Jon. Hi! Thanks for getting back to me.”
More silence. I scrabbled to get words out of my electrified brain.
“Can we get together?” I said. “Have a beer or something?”
“You like hiking?” 
It was more a statement than a question, a command almost.
“Sure, I – ”
“I’ll pick you up Saturday morning,” Jon said, “7:30 sharp.”
“Well, yeah, that’ll be fine. I live at – ”
“I know where you live.”
I tried to say something more, but the line had gone dead.
***
Anticipation kept me awake much of the night. At long last, I was going to meet the mystery man who had haunted my return from Korea, who had mocked me from the pages of the Clarion, effortlessly besting my accomplishments. Hell, he’d even been on the same skydiving plane with me. 
Or maybe it really wasn’t him on the plane, maybe my overwrought mind had imagined him there. Had I imagined other things as well? Had life driven me so far around the bend that I was concocting a personal bogey man? 
No matter. Come morning, there would be no imaginings, only facts. 
Such agitated thoughts kept me twisting in my servant’s quarters. I was reduced to tuning in the Peace and Progress radio program. The drone of Soviet propaganda finally put me to sleep.


Chapter 49: Opening Adventure
The only hero is a man without heroes. – Bang the Drum Slowly, Mark Harris

Come morning, I shoved a few things into my knapsack and draped Jewel Eye over my shoulder. Precisely at 7:30 a car pulled up and cut its engine. I opened the gate at the first knock. Jon entered. 
He wore a a wrap-around Middle Eastern type head dress and a sleeveless sweat shirt, out of which ropy muscles bulged. Mousy-brown hair protruded from under the hat, and a short, sparse beard bristled on his chin. He nodded a greeting.
“Hi, Jon,” I said.
His face was angular and sharp, like a hawk’s, with deep-set eyes. I stepped out of the way. Jon cut through the air with his razor face and advanced into our courtyard where he stood surveying, a hand on one hip. He had a tensed, predatory aspect, like a cat ready to spring. 
For a moment I thought Bruce Lee had walked in. Except for the Caucasian face, Jon looked much like the late martial arts star – compact, hard, lethal. 
“Nice place,” he said. “Ready to go?”
Bob emerged from the main house and stopped dead in his tracks. Surprise bolted across his face, displacing the droopy countenance of his hangover.
“Jon?” he said.
“Hey, Bob West!” Jon said. 
He gripped Bob’s hand. At first, Bob looked about twice as big as him, towering over Jon by several inches. But in the grip of the handshake, Bob seemed to shrink – like an inflatable man having his air sucked out. He extricated his hand and beat a hasty retreat toward the bathroom. 
“Well ... catch you guys later,” Bob said.
Jon looked towards me and cocked an eyebrow.
“Let’s go,” I said.
Jon’s gray VW Beetle was utterly without personality, as undifferentiated as if it had been run off on a mimeograph machine. Sterile and odorless. A neatly prepared backpack on the rear seat added to the impression. I set my knapsack beside it. 
Before leaving town, we stopped at a sandwich shop to buy take out. Jon chatted with the Iranian counter man. This surprised me, as no other foreigner I knew could speak Farsi. 
I got Bulgarian salami on a submarine roll. Jon ordered a brain sandwich. What kind of brain, I didn’t know. The counter man placed the yellowish, pickled thing on his cutting board and carved it into slabs. I watched, a bit appalled. The cutting board was worn paper thin in spots. 
As we left town, I asked Jon where we were going.
“The mountains,” he said. “About five hours away.”
That was the extent of our conversation. The car’s noisy engine, exacerbated by wind blasting through the rolled down windows, discouraged communications. Jon wasn’t interested in talking anyway, I sensed, so I kept silent.
Glare coming in from the desert sky turned Jon into a haloed and dusty silhouette. My first impression of him in the courtyard must have been inaccurate. He’d appeared very lithe and compact then, especially next to Bob. Now he seemed massive, and the arm working the transmission looked powerful enough to snap the shift lever like a match stick. 
Burdened by my near sleepless night, I soon nodded off. When I awoke the VW was leaving the pavement and turning down a dirt road. We bumped along for an hour, dust blowing in the windows. Then Jon left the road altogether to motor across the open desert. 
The VW’s bottom scraped the rocks occasionally, but we made steady progress. We approached an area of low, rolling hills behind which lurked barren mountains with rivulets of snow in their high creases. 
Jon stopped the car. The steady thrum of the little engine died, and a faint gasoline smell drifted away, leaving silence and hot desert air. He withdrew a backpack from the trunk, empty except for a sleeping bag secured to the frame.
“You can use this,” he said.
“We’re camping overnight?”
“Yeah,” Jon said. 
I hadn’t planned on this, but who’d care if I didn’t return tonight? Stars didn’t care about anything, and Bob would be so bombed out of his skull that he probably wouldn’t notice where he was himself. So, I transferred my stuff and strapped on the backpack. Jon handed me a couple of water bottles which I added to my load.
“We’ll hike a while and find a camping spot. Okay?” Jon said.
“Sure,” I said
Jon took off at a blistering pace that I could barely match – even though his pack was much heavier than mine and despite the fact that he did not have proper hiking boots but wore peculiar “Arabian Nights” shoes with curled up toes. He pulled steadily ahead, despite my best efforts. 
Round, dried-out shrubs were scattered about, each two or three feet in diameter. Jon dropped a lit match into one. It burned furiously and was consumed within seconds. I stopped to examine the charred remains, and Jon shot ahead without me. 
I knew I couldn’t keep up, so I just resumed walking at my own pace, my mind blank as an erased chalkboard. I wasn’t thinking very well today, as if my intellect had gone into inertia mode. Jon moved on ahead, traversing the foothills at incredible speed. Flames shooting into the desert air marked his progress. I dropped a match onto a bush, but the fire quickly sputtered out. 
Finally, Jon halted at the top of a rise. I joined him there and turned to view the way we had come. Below us, rocky foothills descended to a barren, rippled mesa that sprawled to the horizon. The ant-like VW sat abandoned in the transition zone between hills and flats. Haze blurred the sky into a dusty blue. At the far limit of vision, I made out a column of smoke.
“From up here, I own everything,” Jon said.
“Not much to own,” I said. “Seems pretty empty.”
“Yeah, that’s the best part,” Jon said.
An enraptured look attended his hawk-like face. Standing on the bare rock, amid the desolate atmosphere, Jon seemed a natural feature of the landscape. A breeze kicked up, bringing a spooky chill, and I pulled my compass out from under my shirt. It gave me a dose of rationality. 
“We’re heading northwesterly,” I said. “Though I’m not positive about the declination.”
Jon gazed at me like a man suddenly finding a stranger in his living room. 
“Uh-huh,” he said. 
He turned and resumed walking. Before long he was far ahead, intentionally keeping distance between us. 
Well, screw you, too, I thought. The atmosphere became one to kindle anxieties.
As I moved over the increasingly barren terrain, ominous thoughts preyed on my mind – fears of getting lost, of stumbling and breaking an ankle. Everything seemed so dead around me, even the tough desert shrubs had disappeared. I was suffocating in the torrid air. 
Snap out of it, Tyler, I told myself, you’ve been in wilderness areas before. 
Yeah, but not like this one.
After a long trek through the desolate foothills, we entered a steep mountain valley and began an ascent. My spirits rose in the freshening air. The gloomy fear thoughts retreated. Hell, if I squinted my eyes, I could almost imagine myself traversing the Alps, dressed in leather shorts with a feathered Pinocchio hat perched on my head instead of the faded Detroit Tigers baseball cap Bob had given me. 
Why, just over this mountain a rustic chalet reposed where pretty girls waited with jugs of wine. An orchestra kicked in, and Julie Andrews sang a Sound of Music melody. I began singing myself: 
“I love to go a-wandering ...” 
I couldn’t remember more words, so I simply hummed the tune. When the chorus rolled around, though, I had a customized version ready:
“Va la reee, fuck the Shah! Va la reee, fuck the Shah ha ha ha ha ha!”
Up ahead, Jon gestured for silence.
“My singing’s that bad?” I said.
Jon waved for me to join him. Curiosity aroused, I sprinted the whole distance, winding myself. Jon was crouching in the rocks, his backpack cast aside.
 “Over there, at the bottom of the cliff,” Jon said. 
He handed me binoculars. I scanned the area, unable to distinguish anything besides sheer rock. Then something shifted position, and a large tan-colored animal with fantastic curved horns materialized. I felt its supreme arrogance through the lenses.
“What is it?” I gasped.
“Mountain sheep – ibex, maybe,” Jon said. “A big stud, whatever he is.”
I ditched my pack and crept forward with Jon. The animal watched us indifferently. We walked a little faster, the animal stirred slightly, and Jon motioned a halt. We stood frozen for several seconds. The great buck lowered his head and nibbled a plant.
“Let’s get closer,” Jon whispered.
We moved slowly, cautiously. It seemed as though we might get near enough to pet him. Then, without warning, the animal bolted straight up the cliff, feet effortlessly gripping the rock. He climbed with swift grace, contemptuous of us earth bound humans.
“Yaaaa!” Jon howled.
He dashed to the cliff and flung himself upon it, groping frantically for holds as he pulled himself up. He’d already scaled several feet by the time I reached the base. Just looking up the nearly perpendicular wall made me dizzy. 
“Goddam idiot,” I muttered.
Jon continued his upward surge until his foot broke off a piece of rock. I dodged away as the fragment narrowly missed hitting me. Jon began to slip. One hand lost its hold, then his remaining foot, until he dangled by a single hand only. More pieces of rock showered down. Finally, he stabilized himself, holding on with all fours, and I released my pent-up breath. 
“Jesus, get back down here!” I said.
Jon fell. A long, agonizing scrape, hands clutching uselessly for holds as he accelerated down the cliff face. He hit the ground hard. 
Anxiety sank its fangs into me, and I was angry as hell, too. I stood over him, trying to determine how badly he was hurt. After a few moments, Jon managed to sit up. He appeared uninjured except for some cut fingers and a bloody nose. He fumbled a handkerchief out of his pocket and pressed it to his face.
“Does it feel broken?” I said.
He stared at me over the bloody rag. My anger and concern instantly vanished, replaced by a stab of terror. Jon’s eyes were feral, holding so little humanity that I could not bear to look at them. I stumbled back. 
In that moment I was afraid of Jon, frightened for both of us. Some dreadful power seemed ready to lash out and sweep us away to God knew where. Jon sneezed, spraying a bloody mist, and the spell broke. A wind whistled down the valley, clearing the air. 
“Can I have some water?” he said.
I retrieved a bottle. Jon swished some water in his mouth and spat out a pink stream. Then he stretched himself until there was an audible crack. 
“Ah, that’s better!” he said.
He eased onto his side, muttering, “There has to be another way up there.”
“How about lunch?” I said.
“Yeah.” 
I propped my back against a rock and munched my sandwich – Bulgarian sausage, bread made from American wheat, plus an orange from Israel. A typical meal in a country that had let its agriculture go to pot. The salami was low-grade, but in this invigorating air, it didn’t taste half bad. 
Jon produced a wicked-looking knife and carved his brain sandwich into small pieces. He ate carefully, keeping his head tilted back so as to avoid a recurrence of the nose bleed. Late afternoon progressed, bringing long shadows and a quickening breeze. 
The inscription suddenly entered my mind, carried by the mountain wind. Before I knew what I was doing, I wrote it on my sandwich wrapper and showed it to Jon:

He looked at the characters, poker-faced. 
“You know Korean?” he said.
“Some,” I said. “I was there fourteen months with the Peace Corps.”
“Yeah?” He nodded, letting the topic die. “That looks like something from Asimov.”
“Asimov?”
I wracked my mental bookshelf for a connection. Of course! The Foundation trilogy – I don’t remember which book. Asimov wrote about some character – I don’t remember which one:
“He was a man of the people,” I said.
“by self acclamation,” Jon finished.
“So, this is only the first half of the quote, right?” I said with growing excitement.
Jon shrugged and turned back toward the cliff, terminating further conversation.
I was suddenly very tired and sprawled on my back along the rocky ground, contemplating the powerful blue sky shining between the peaks. I felt rooted to the spot, yet suspended between two worlds of earth and sky. I’d experienced a similar sensation floating in the row boat with Yun Hee at Choon Chun dam reservoir. 
But now, it was the solid rock spine of Iran that braced me, not the vagaries of some artificial lake. Beneath me reposed the entire strength of the Asian continent. I’d need this support, I realized, because my companion this day would not provide any. He was a slippery slope. If I allowed it, he’d take me down faster than the sooty incline of Mount Fuji.
Without asking permission, I removed the tent from Jon’s pack and pitched it on the most level available ground. I collapsed inside, exhausted, even before darkness set in.
Hours later, in the deepest part of night, an express train of wind crashed through. Cringing within my sleeping bag, I heard the gale roaring over the mountains. It struck the tent a hammer blow, collapsing it. 
“Jon!” I cried.
I thrashed about, smothered in nylon, as the wind raged all about me. Finally I thrust my head outside. The wind had passed down the valley leaving behind stillness and a crystalline, moonlit sky.  Jon was gone.


Chapter 50: The Unraveling Accelerates
“This crackdown on the demonstrators should keep things from getting out of hand to such a degree that they could present a threat to our community.” – Corporate Martial Law Advisory #1

“Chase out the Pahlavis and the Americans, and the rest will be given to you.” – Ayatollah Khomeini

Jon reappeared with the daylight. He always did; it was the pattern of our trips. Every weekend into the fall we went hiking – for three days when possible. First a phone call, then a “kick off meeting” at a bar, then the trip.
How could anyone have possibly mistaken me for Jon? 
We looked nothing alike. I’m taller than him, I’ve got dark hair and blue eyes. His eyes are ... I don’t know what color his eyes are. I can hardly get a fix on him at all. 
Whenever he’s around the atmosphere is either too noisy, too dark, or too glaring for me to form a solid impression. He is either wearing that Middle Eastern wrap around thing or a puffy green cap pulled low over his face. And his beard is always different, varying from long and straggly to bare stubble.
From a short distance, he seemed rather small and wiry. Up close, he looked enormous. His oversized hands and longish arms distorted his other proportions. It was like I was always seeing him through various lenses on my Pentax – sometimes a fish eye, sometimes a telephoto. 
For a while I toyed with the idea that he was nothing more than a viewfinder image. But I dismissed the idea as being even more irrational than the reality was.
I don’t know where he lives. No sense of comradeship developed between us. We each kept to our private spaces, barely talking. On the trail, he always dashed far ahead.
Quite a change from Eric, my tent mate in Wyoming. We were always joking and helping each other out. I’d even carried Eric’s pack over Windy Gap pass when he was ill. 
What would Jon do if I got hurt – try to help or leave me for the vultures? Often, I felt as if I was hiking the empty wilderness by myself. With a dark part of myself. 
I filled my knapsack with emergency provisions whenever we wandered off from base camp, my “Granny pack” as Jon snidely called it. He’d carry only a water bottle and his long, wicked knife which he called his “toothpick.” 
Why did he ask me along, anyway? He didn’t seem interested in me, or to even like me very much. Did he just want a devotee following him around? A more important question: why the hell did I come? 
I can’t say. 
I’d love to experience the wild abandon of a climb straight up a cliff! But how is that possible without taking needless risks? Jon was a risk taker, all right. At the same time that I disapproved of his foolish acts, I couldn’t help but envy his fierce passions.
By mid August, things had spun out of control in Esfahan. Mobs fought with police, burned buildings, and stoned firemen trying to quench the blazes. The Shah then put Esfahan under martial law, and troops swarmed in with tanks and huge, Russian-built, armored personnel carriers. 
American Esfahan endured many attacks. The Park Pol restaurant, our after-work hang out, was burned to the ground. Terrorists had showed up between the lunch and dinner crowds, booted the staff outside, and firebombed the place. The Shahr Farang cinema, which showed American movies, was also destroyed. The Mir liquor store, the New American Club, the Golden Key restaurant – all burned. 
A mob attacked the huge, elegant Shah Abbas Hotel. Anthony Quinn was there last year filming Caravans. His autographed photo hung in the Park Pol restaurant. Even the Armenian quarter was not spared, the Jolfa Hotel and Pizza Hut were both attacked. Several other cities went under martial law – supposedly for just thirty days. 
I’m more used to curfews and militarism than most of my coworkers, having been in South Korea. But Iran is the real thing. People are dying on the streets. To allay our fears, Colonel Shanaz called a general meeting. According to him, everything is gonna be just fine! 
“If you have any special problems, contact me through the channels,” he said.
He offered us a contact phone number for the SAVAK secret police, in case we wished to become informers. A company official stood by nodding agreement to everything Shanaz said. Sitting in the captive audience, I felt as if I’d been transported to an alternate universe where a guy pretending to be an army officer was speaking. He seemed more like a lethal clown. 
Wild rumors are circulating – artillery killing 300 demonstrators, troops beating up a mullah. But one horrible event was no rumor. Terrorists burned a theater in the southern city of Abadan, killing 377 people. 
My distinctive clothing finally arrived. Immediately afterward, a memo said we were no longer required to wear it, so as to “keep a low profile” 
My trips with Jon were a welcome change from the increasing anxieties of Esfahan. We trekked the wilderness, avoiding the cities. 
Outside Kerman, we appeared at a cemetery with weird tomb towers. I snapped a surreptitious photo, as a sign warned that no cameras were allowed. Near Shiraz, we approached the great Persepolis ruins at night but were defeated by high fencing. Wolves howled as we wandered the slope along the periphery. Ghosts of Alexander the Great’s army and the ancient Persians swirled around us.
Twice we visited Arab Khuzestan in southwest Iran. We descended into an ancient tomb complex, now emptied. My camera flash provided the only light. I’d fire a blast of light to the far corners, then total darkness. Jon vanished before the third flash. We came up to the border with Iraq and peered across the billiard table landscape.
“People think the Shah is bad,” Jon said, “but that Saddam Hussein guy in Iraq is a real bastard.” 
He said this with admiration almost, as if he regretted not having the chance to meet the bastard in Iraq.
We visited the eerie ziggurat at Choga Zanbil. Strange, highly eroded landscape where a network of rivulets cut deep wounds into the reddish earth. A waterfall dumped into a stream which abruptly disappeared. One night I wandered out in this tortured landscape. An angry dog charged, but one of the gashes separated the animal from me. 
We discussed lowering down ropes and exploring some Kanats – underground irrigation tunnels. Nothing came of that idea, at least I didn’t go. Who knew where Jon went on his nocturnal ramblings?
We scaled “Death Mountain” – a sizable peak standing alone on the plain. We roamed the shores of the Caspian Sea and heard the hyenas cackling. Another time, we entered the Zagros Mountains and found a group of Baktiari nomadic sheep herders. 
The trips started blending in my mind. A common theme ran through them – a sort of haunted rhythm thumping just below the level of hearing. Jon was searching for something that was just beyond his reach, like that great horned animal had been. He was wandering from one end of Iran to the other until he found it. 
What then?
I understood with increasing clarity that I had to get away from him, and away from Iran, before it was too late.


Chapter 51: Desert Trek
“There have always been people who could be stirred up easily.” – Mohammed Reza Pahlavi, Shah of Iran

From the Das Road diary, by Bob West
I can’t believe I let Tyler talk me into visiting Afghanistan! 
Our school building is being closed a few days to make emergency repairs. Why bother? Blow the place up, I say. So, Tyler suggested a little Afghanistan “vacation” to fill the time.
“It’s dangerous there,” I said. 
Tyler shrugged. “What place isn’t these days?”
“Didn’t you hear about those American hikers?” I said. “Two guys and a girl. They were sleeping outside one night with the girl in the middle. When she woke up, she discovered that somebody had cut off the two guys’ heads and switched them.”
“That’s ridiculous,” Tyler said. “Besides, who’s to say she didn’t do it herself? Maybe the guys were snoring too much. We won’t be camping, anyway.”
I tried a different approach. 
“The school building probably won’t be closed long,” I said. “If we’re not back in time, we could get fired.”
“What’s your point, Bob?” Tyler said. “Come on, it should be interesting.”
I got the impression that he wouldn’t have minded getting fired too much. I probably wouldn’t either. I tried one further objection. 
“Jon’s not going, is he?” I said.
“No!” 
Tyler sounded like I’d asked if he were planning to bring a cobra in his luggage. 
I didn’t want to go, but the idea of staying behind in Esfahan without Tyler was even worse. There’s too much hashish and opium around here. Too much boredom, loneliness, and fear. 
Seems like everybody is carrying a sheet of hash in their pocket. If you owe somebody a few bucks, you just rip off a piece and hand it over instead of money.  
Nobody has to tell me that I’m on the skids. And without Tyler I’m likely to go completely over the cliff. 
I didn’t want Tyler out of my sight, either. I think he’s also getting dangerously close to the edge. Not with drugs or booze (perish the thought!) but with his own brand of madness. We need to look out for each other.
Tabas
We left right after work Friday so as to “hit the ground running” and rode a bus hell bent for leather across the Great Sand Desert toward Tabas. The landscape was completely bare. The army base is a rain forest in comparison. Then night came and I couldn’t see much any more. 
Our driver whipped the old bus around the winding, hilly road like a Corvette. I’d nod off, then jerk awake at the next big dip or jostle. When another vehicle approached us head on, both drivers flashed their bright lights until they passed each other. 
Why? The tactic blinded them both. 
We made Tabas in the wee hours and checked in at the shabbiest inn I’d ever seen. Third world chic at its finest! The Nam Goong yogwan in Seoul seemed like a real palace in comparison. 
I should add that our coworker, Elaine, came with us. Tyler invited her. She has a reputation of being pretty active sexually. She’s screwed just about every straight guy in the company, I’ve been told. 
It was obvious she wanted to get it on with Tyler, but he wasn’t buying. Mr. Loyalty with his girlfriend back home and all that. I’m only a second stringer, so Elaine didn’t throw a pass my direction.
Tell me this, if things are so serious with Tyler and his girlfriend, why is he here while she’s in the States? 
I expected to have a room to myself and was surprised when Tyler moved in with me. Elaine was ticked and tried to stiff us. Since she was the only female and couldn’t share with anybody, she complained, we should subsidize her single room! 
“She’s your friend, Tyler,” I said. “You can pick up her tab if you want.”
Why did he bring her along if he wasn’t interested in hanky panky? 
When the sun came up, Tabas was revealed as a beautiful, traditional type town with adobe walls and palm trees. Like something out of National Geographic. Tyler went nuts with his camera. I started getting antsy, and Elaine was bored out of her mind. I pointed off toward what I thought was east. 
“Afghanistan is that way, Tyler. Are we going or not?”
He looked at that compass he wears around his neck. 
“Actually, Afghanistan is the opposite direction, Bob.”
We’d already missed the bus to Mashad, so we had to catch a ride on a tanker truck. All of us jammed together. The driver copped feels on Elaine’s leg. Served her right.
Mashad
The next night we stayed at a decent hotel in the Mashad area and hopped a cab to go out for dinner some miles away. We met a prosperous Iranian gentleman at the restaurant / bar who bought us a round. He offered to drive us back to our hotel. 
We got in the car with him, Tyler in front, me and Elaine in back. Trouble was, we didn’t realize how drunk the guy was. He roared down the road, moving dangerously close to the traffic ahead of us. Tyler spoke to the guy, trying to control the situation. 
“Oh, look at those pretty red lights,” he said as we barreled up behind a truck, “just like a Christmas tree!”
Tyler looked ready to seize the steering wheel any moment. I prepared to grab the Iranian guy from behind so that Tyler could, somehow, stop the car without killing us all. Elaine was terrified.
Now I knew why Tyler brought her along, and me, too. He wanted an audience. Me, the side kick, and Elaine the damsel in distress. So he could play the hero – like Napoleon ready to take command. Like Jon Glass.
Fortunately, the driver began to sober up. We got to the hotel in one piece.


Chapter 52: Afghanistan
We took care not to arouse the demons that were sleeping within us. – Zorba the Greek, by Nikos Kazantzakis

From the Das Road diary, by Bob West
At the border, an Afghan official in a white coat examined my booklet and announced that one of my shots was expired. I’d have to be inoculated here before I could enter Afghanistan.
Great! Who wouldn’t want to get a shot out here in the middle of nowhere? Hepatitis anyone?
Another slight problem, the guy in white said. The vaccine would not be available for a week. I contemplated a solo return to Esfahan. Tyler was very upset. He must have been scared at the idea of traveling with Elaine unaided. 
Another American walked up. He was more experienced in the ways of baksheesh. 
“I’m in the same boat,” he said. “Do you have any Afghanis?” 
I pulled out my wad, and he selected a couple bills. Then a discussion between him and the white coat. Money changed hands. Next thing I knew, I was over the border!
Herat
The dusty city of Herat was our first stop. We rode a horse cart decorated with pom poms and got rooms at an inn. The place was a mud brick version of the dive motels you see along Dix-Toledo Road back home. We went to a restaurant and ate at low tables, like in Korea. I liked the colorful hanging rugs and the squiggly writing on the Coke bottles. 
A musician began singing and playing a stringed instrument, another guy banged a drum. I guess Afghan music is an acquired taste. Hashish pipes made the rounds. 
“This is my kind of place!” I took a good drag.
Tyler glowered with disapproval and limited himself to a single “no thank you” toke. So, I went easy, too. Elaine, as usual, was ticked.
Kabul
We flew to Kabul on a small Soviet built passenger jet. The interior was drab and noisy. 
“This airplane is a perfect representation of the Communist ideal,” Tyler said, “gray and soulless.”
What kind of soul is an airplane supposed to have, anyway? Elaine, as usual, was ticked.
Kabul was a real step back in time, scary too. Men in flowing robes and wrap-around headgear who looked like they’d just as soon stick a knife into you as say hello. We visited the museum and a couple mosques. Tyler photographed some elderly beggars in a cemetery, paying them a modeling fee. 
At an outdoor food market, two girls in head-to-toe Burkas approached. These things are really awful, much worse than the chadors in Iran. They hang over a woman’s body like a toaster cover. One of the girls flung out her hip and bumped into Tyler. I heard giggles under the Burkas. Elaine, as usual ...
Street vendors on platforms roasted kabobs. Delicious. 
Bamian
Tyler wanted to visit a place in the mountains called Bamian where there were giant Buddha statues. Sure, I said. We’d given up asking Elaine’s opinion as she seemed to be angry about everything. 
The whole area was major league spooky.
The Buddha statues were impressive, though, great towering things carved out of mountains. Tyler trusted me with his precious camera to photograph him standing by a pair of massive stone feet. As I focused the lens, a mysterious dark passage opened up behind him in the mountainside. 
“Makes you feel insignificant, doesn’t it?” I said.
“Why?” Tyler asked. “However vast the universe, there is nothing in it like me.”
He’d taken his Napoleon pose, one hand on his hip.
“You’re right,” I said. “Oh graven image, I piss on your stone toes!”
I didn’t, of course, but it sounded dramatic.
A game of Bushkashi was going on at a nearby field. Horsemen thundering around fighting over a goat carcass. Why would anybody want a goat carcass? Crowds of men in robes and turbans watched. 
Some military big shot was in the crowd along with many common soldiers. He had on a fancy outfit, but the lower ranks wore old-fashioned gray uniforms like costumes from Dr. Zhivago. Reminded me of the North Korean border guards. 
There were no buses available for the trip back to Kabul, so we caught a ride on one of the fantastic Afghan trucks with a towering wooden structure tacked on. Bulging sacks filled the back, and paintings decorated the sides. We piled in with the driver. Afghan music blasted on the cassette player. I don’t need to describe Elaine’s attitude.
The Car Ride from Hell
A surprise in Kabul. No flights to Herat for another week! The only buses headed that direction were milk runs that may or may not even get there. 
We were in a tight bind. Tyler and I had already pushed our luck to the limit. If we weren’t back to work by Monday, we’d likely be fired. Elaine didn’t need to worry. She had connections, if you know what I mean.
“I’ll handle everything,” Tyler said. 
Like an idiot I let him. He arranged for an Afghan guy to drive us the more than 400 miles to Herat in his private car. The vehicle was a boxy, Russian-made thing, not very comfortable. We got going late afternoon. 
“How much is this costing us?” I asked as we moved onto the open road outside Kabul.
When Tyler told me, I practically hit the car roof. 
“Why so expensive?” I said.
Tyler shrugged. “It’s going to be dark soon, and people don’t like to be out on the road.”
I looked out at the smooth blacktop. “The road’s paved all the way, right?”
“It’s not that,” Tyler said. “They’re concerned about bandits.”
“Bandits!” I said.
“We’ll be okay,” Tyler said. “The army has checkpoints along the way. It should be interesting.”
Interesting! I looked to Elaine, but for once she wasn’t ticked. She seemed exited, like she was about to have a climax. Was I the only one who hadn’t gone nuts?
Just before dark we stopped at a tea house. Inside was gloomy and ominous. Afghan men clustered around a big stove with a ring of teapots on top. People stared at us, a young boy took an interest in me and kept me under constant surveillance.
Soon it became dark and the ride turned into a long nightmare. Twisted around in the back seat behind the driver, I’d nod off until we’d stop at an army checkpoint. I’d come half awake to see the crude faces of soldiers leering through the window at me. 
I’d jerk awake, thinking that we were being attacked by bandits. Tyler thought this was funny until he switched seats with me. At the next checkpoint, he was doing the panic wake-up routine.
The left rear tire blew out, stranding us in the chill night. I felt very uneasy standing on the roadside, looking over the moonscape while the driver changed tires. Did the soldiers patrol this road, or did they just stay in their checkpoints? How reliable were they, anyway – would they help or just rob you and put a bullet through your head?
We were sitting ducks. Elaine was no longer excited, but Tyler seemed to enjoy the situation. He kept looking out in the moonlight toward the hills. 
We got moving again. Everything was fine for about an hour. Then, the right front wheel broke off its tie rod, and the car went into a terrifying skid. The driver flung himself onto the steering wheel, yelling nonstop. I heard “Allah!” several times.
Allah must have heard him because we stopped just before we would have tumbled down the slope alongside the road. We crawled out of the car. My legs felt so weak that I could barely stand. 
“This isn’t fun anymore,” Elaine said, her voice shaking.
She got that right. A long set of skid marks gleamed in the moonlight. Tyler took me aside.
“Let’s head out, Bob,” he said.
“Where?”
He pointed to the hills. “There!”
Tyler had a crazy gleam in his eye. I could see it clearly, even in the low light. 
“You’re crazy, man!” I said. “You don’t know what’s out there – bandits, killers, anything!”
He looked at me hard. “You think we’re ever going to fix that stupid wheel?”
“We can try,” I said.
Tyler frightened me. He scarcely looked like himself. I could have almost sworn that it was actually Jon Glass standing in the road. I stepped back. 
“What about Elaine?” I said.
“What about her?” Tyler said. “Let’s go!”
He brushed past Elaine, practically knocking her over, and yanked his knapsack out of the car. Then he started walking fast toward the hills. I couldn’t allow that. 
I tackled him, and he fell sprawling onto the dirt. I tried to pin him down, but he wriggled free and got his arms around my neck. Next thing I knew, the life was getting choked out of me. I must have blacked out. 
Then the pressure stopped and I was staring up into the dark sky. A fist trembled above me amid the stars and moonlight, waiting to find out if I was going keep fighting.
The fist lowered.
“Bob! Are you okay?” Tyler’s voice.
“Wonderful,” I said. “It only hurts when I breathe.”
Tyler stood up. I moved my arm as fast as possible, though it seemed to weigh a ton. I grabbed his ankle.
“You’re not going anywhere!” I said.
Here it comes, I thought, the knockout blow. I covered my face with my free arm.
“No, of course not,” Tyler said. “Let me help you up.”
He got me onto my wobbly legs and brought me back to the car. He tried to blow the whole thing off with a joke.
“You’re pretty good at that, Bob,” he said. “You should have tried out for the football team.”
I didn’t feel like laughing. I didn’t think that I’d ever feel the same about Tyler again. I sat on the roadside with Elaine snuggled up against me in the cold. 
Fortunately, the driver had a trunk full of tools and spare parts. Somehow he and Tyler rigged up a repair, and we limped the rest of the way into Herat. 
Then on to Esfahan. It was a quiet trip back. 




Eight: Into the Maelstrom


Chapter 53: Kingdom of Delusions
It was neither German nor Jew who ruled the ghetto, it was illusion. – Night, by Elie Wiesel

My God, Tabas has been wiped out by an earthquake! The surrounding area has been devastated, tens of thousands killed. We were just there. I shot an entire roll of film in Tabas. Little kids followed me around, grinning and jostling each other as I photographed them.  
I grasped the metal film cassette. Inside it were the faces of children who would never grow up. I hadn’t realized until now how fragile life is. 
This horrible event played into the hands of the revolutionaries. Superstitious types interpreted it as a divine judgment against the Shah. Bumbling government relief attempts provided a lightning rod for criticism. 
We got back from Afghanistan just in time to say good-bye to Stars. He’d had enough of martial law, he said, and had decided to pack it in. This must be the reason for his great calmness, he got the hell out of stressful situations.
The Jolfa house is too expensive to keep without Stars, especially since Bob is hoping to leave for Thailand as soon as possible. So, I got a third-flour apartment on the east side of town. Bob wanted to move in with one of his opium-smoking buddies, but I wouldn’t hear of it. Violence nearly broke out over the issue. 
Just what I need, another fight with Bob! Besides, he’s a big guy, even if he has lost a lot of weight, and if he got in the first blow, things could turn out quite differently.
So, I had a little chat with Mr. Opium Pipe in the school lavatory instead. I rammed him into a corner and got a fist under his chin. He seemed to weigh almost nothing under his baggy distinctive clothing. His skin was papery yellow, and his buggy eyes glared at me with hatred.
“Screw up your own life,” I said, “just leave Bob out of it!”
A knee to the groin emphasized my point. It must have worked, because Bob moved into my apartment without further dispute.
We didn’t get fired for our unauthorized vacation. The school director covered for us. When I’d first learned that he was a retired Marine Corps colonel, I thought he’d be a real hard ass, but he’s always been square. 
Also, I think he has an inkling of what’s in store for Iran and decided that dismissing two qualified teachers at this point would not be wise. To tell the truth, I was rather disappointed. At least getting fired would be a way out of this mad house. 
There’s been martial law for some time now, but most foreigners refuse to acknowledge the gravity of the situation, preferring to be prisoners of self deception. The revolution threatens their economic well-being; therefore, it cannot exist. They are as foolishly optimistic as the people in Jaws, refusing to see the shark when it’s swimming right at them. 
The worst of this flat earth crowd is Bob’s senior instructor, Pete. According to him, everything will soon be smoothed over. Wake up folks! The writing is blasted on the wall with machine gun bullets.  
It’s all a variation on the “it can’t happen to me” theme. I am not subject to such foolish thinking, though, because of the horrible experience with Dad. I learned at an early age that the very worst disasters can strike anybody, any time.
“Don’t you see the irony, the IRAN-y?” I asked Bob. “Not long ago we were Peace Corps volunteers. All that idealism. We weren’t the ugly Americans, not us! Did you think at that time you’d end up here supporting a dictator?”
“President Pak was also a dictator,” Bob said.
“That was different.”
“Mmm.” 
Bob seemed to find the subject distasteful, but I pressed on. 
“Did you ever think you’d be in a situation like this?” I said.
“Never!” Bob said. 
I let it go. I was being self-righteous and knew it. 
Rolf seemed to be the only management person to share my opinion. Sure, he mouthed the official optimistic line at work, but when I ran into him at the Esfahan hotel bar, he took a different tack.
“Soon there’ll be a new group in power,” he said in his precise, accented English.
“The religious faction?” I asked.
“Whomever,” Rolf slugged down half a Bud. “This beer is pretty good, even it if isn’t German.”
I raised my bottle. “Javid American brew!”
A beautiful Thai girl was working the bar, surrounded by love sick foreigners. Rolf turned serious. 
“It won’t be long before people look back on the ‘good old days’ when the Shah was in power,” he said.
Opposition to the Shah was coming from many quarters: urban poor, disaffected college students, bazaar merchants being squeezed by modern banking and retail methods. And, of course, the religious fanatics. Supposedly, the Communists are the background string pullers. I see it differently. The big question to me is: Who’s got the dynamic leader?
The religious extremists do. Ayatollah Khomeini is the Shah’s real enemy. If the Shah sees the Communists as the main problem, he’s just another prisoner of self deception.  
So, why was I sticking around?
Sure, the money was good, especially after our latest “combat pay” increase. Sure I hated the idea of returning home to the grind of crappy jobs. These were the usual reasons, but they were not enough, I knew.
I hadn’t heard from Jon since we got back. He was angry, I sensed, because he’d not been asked to lead the Afghanistan trip. Well, that was just too bad. Maybe I’d hear from him again, maybe not. I could wait him out.


Chapter 54: Farewell to Bob West
Any fool can tell a crisis when it arrives. The real service to the state is to detect it in embryo. – Foundation, Isaac Asimov

From the Das Road diary, by Bob West

Thank God I’m leaving! My teaching job in Bangkok has finally come through. 
The salary is much less than we make here, but you don’t get burned out of your home in Bangkok or blown up on your way to work. Such things have been happening to more and more Americans in Esfahan. In the middle of the night, somebody throws a rock through your window, then a Molotov cocktail. Your house becomes an inferno, and you’re lucky to get out alive. 
There are increasing numbers of burglaries, and many more American owned cars are getting firebombed. A mob attacked the Youth Hostel, driving out the Americans who’d been living there. The La Fontaine restaurant and the Old American Club are among the latest foreigner hangouts to get torched. Last night, somebody stuck a friendly note on our apartment door: 

GO HOME IMPERIALIST. VIVA ISLAM!

Okay, I get the message. I’m amazed that none of us have been killed yet. Well, Robert J. West ain’t gonna be here waiting for his number to come up!
A terrorist threw a pipe bomb onto one of our employee buses, badly injuring some of the passengers. Since then, the Iranian army has provided guards. Last week, the guard on our bus nodded out. He just placed his hands on top the muzzle of his rifle, rested his head on them and dropped off to sleep.
“Let’s pull the trigger!” somebody joked.
For a crazy second, I actually wanted to do it. Blow the guy’s brains all over the place just for the hell of it. Then I snapped back to my senses. I’ve got to get out of here, I thought, I’m losing my mind. The wonderful news from Bangkok arrived that same day. 
My new job doesn’t start until January, but I’m out of here now. 
Okay, I know I look like crap, but at least I’ve lost a lot of weight. If I wasn’t all worn out and gray looking I’d be happy. Well, once I get to that sunshine in Thailand, I’ll be a new man. First stop, the Phuket beaches! After I pick up a girl in Bangkok, of course. 
One thing is for sure, I’ll avoid anyone who’s into drugs. I’ve had enough of that trip. 
Tyler shoved a big wad of cash on me yesterday.
“What’s this for?” I said.
“Settling in money,” he said. “You paid my way to Thailand once, now I’m paying yours.”
I tried to protest, but Tyler cut me off.
“Not a topic for discussion,” he said. 
I wish Tyler would come with me, but he’s going to do what he wants. One thing I’ve always admired is that, even when he does something stupid, he never complains about it afterwards or blames anybody else. 
I think he still feels guilty about our fight in Afghanistan. Forget it, pal! Why feel guilty when I was the one who started it? Such a gentleman.
Not so Jon Glass. He’s the coldest, scariest person I have ever met. Why Tyler hangs out with him, I’ll never know. 
Yes, I do know. They both have the same mad glow, and that’s what draws them together. Jon has an icy bonfire raging inside, and Tyler just a little flame most of the time, but it could flare up and burn everything – like it almost did in Afghanistan. 
Well, I can’t do anything about it, so I’ll just move on. I’ll keep the door open if Tyler changes his mind.


Last Night in Esfahan
Elaine invited me to dinner at her apartment. She’s been getting sweeter on me ever since Afghanistan. I think she was impressed by my battle with Tyler, like I was defending her honor or something. Maybe I didn’t do so bad. I was actually winning – for about five seconds.
I came with one bottle each of Chateau Rezaiyeh and Chateau Sardosht. A red and a white. I’d paid black market prices for the wine, as all the liquor stores have been torched. I had the evening all planned – romantic dinner, conversation, wine. Curfew hour slips past and Elaine says: 
“Gee, Bob, looks like you’ll have to spend the night.”
I arrived with high hopes. Elaine’s apartment was very sensuous, with fantastically complicated Persian carpets on the floor and hanging on the walls. When I produced the wine, though, she said: 
“Gee, Bob, I don’t drink anymore.”
She’d been hitting the bottle too hard lately, she said, and had quit cold turkey. So, I popped the cork on the Chateau Rezaiyeh and drank solo. The discussion turned to my resignation.
“What did they say when you quit?” Elaine asked.
“I had to see the big boss and the school director,” I said. “They were cool.”
“They’re worried, though,” Elaine said. “We all are. What about your senior instructor?”
“Pete? That son of a bitch!” I said. “He as much as accused me of being a candy ass. At least I could finally tell him to get bent.”
Elaine laughed. “It’s about time somebody told off that pompous wind bag.”
“What about you?” I said. “The company pays your air fare out, what more do you want?”
“I’m thinking about it,” Elaine said. “I’ve sold off a few things already.”
The dinner “conversation” mostly concerned Elaine’s recollections of her many affairs, especially a fling she’d had with a black American guy in Tehran. He’d once been a street hustler in the States and was now working at some foreign company.
“Don’t forget,” she said, “I’ve been taught by a pimp.”
How was I supposed to react? Swirl my wine and say, “Oh, really?”
Her fooling around days were over, she said. She wanted that “special man” in her life to love and care for. Somebody who’d be there for her permanently. That sure left me out in the cold, since I’d be going tomorrow. Talk about waving a water jug in front of a guy who’s dying of thirst.
Why was she telling me all this, did she have me mixed up with Dear Abby? People tell you the damnedest things. Reminds me of a garage sale I went to back home where a set of illustrated sex encyclopedias was offered. 
“I used to be interested before I had my kids,” the woman running the sale told me. “Now, I’m not interested any more.”
It was a pleasant meal, anyway. Much better than the starvation rations Tyler and I have been eating lately. We were just beginning dessert when the doorbell rang. An American woman came in with two Iranian laborers and hauled the dining room table right out from under us.  
“I sold her the table,” Elaine explained as we moved into the living room. “Sorry, Bob, I didn’t think she’d be picking it up yet.”
Two small boys came in to watch the workmen hook ropes around the table and lower it out the window to a truck two stories below.
“These are your kids?” I asked the woman.
“Yes,” she said, “we came in from the States last week.”
Unbelievable! The ceiling is caving in on the whole country and people are still coming in. An unaccompanied woman with young children, no less. 
I left in time for curfew, taking my extra bottle of wine with me.
Tehran Madness
The next morning, Tyler and I took a bus to Tehran and settled into a little hotel downtown. It wasn’t bad. Nice neighborhood, too, with upscale shops, restaurants, etc. A large, fancy tourist hotel shared the same block as our place. Another building was going up nearby, with big cranes and construction workers climbing around. You’d never know a revolution was going on.
I was too burned out for sight seeing and just loafed around our hotel. My flight was leaving the following afternoon, and we planned to head out to the airport plenty early. Tyler looked really down, as if his favorite puppy had just died.
“I’m glad for you, Bob,” he said, “but I sure hate to see you leave.”
“Well, keep the party going, then,” I said. “Come with me. Paul says there’s a good market for English teachers in Bangkok.”
Tyler shrugged. He’s been using that shrug a lot lately. And other new gestures, too, like drumming his fingers on table tops. 
The next day all hell broke loose. Just as we were preparing to leave our room, the sound of an angry mob drifted in from the street.
“What’s going on out there?” I said.
The answer came in the form of a huge explosion that nearly knocked us over. My ears rang as if the Jolly Green Giant had smacked me alongside the head. We ran outside, me with my two miserable suitcases and Tyler with his camera.
The lower stories of the big tourist hotel belched flames and thick black smoke. 
“Look at that, Bob!”
Tyler snapped away with his camera.
“Let’s go!” I yelled. “Before the whole place blows up!”
People ran about the street; some screamed, some cheered. No cops or soldiers anywhere. I was scared to death. Compared to this, the demonstration is Seoul had been a picnic. 
People stuck their heads out from the top stories of the hotel and cried for help.
“We have to save those people!” Tyler shouted.
Stinging smoke blew our way and tears poured from my eyes.
“We can’t get near the place!” I coughed.
Tyler wasn’t listening. He seemed about to bolt into the flaming lobby. Then a crane rumbled up from the construction sight and raised a cargo pallet to the trapped people.
“See? They’ll get ‘em out,” I said. “Let’s go, Tyler!”
We ran down the street trying to avoid the mob. We spotted an empty taxi and made for it. The driver saw us coming and tried to wave us off. Tyler yanked open the front passenger door.
“Mehrabad Airport!” he cried.
“No! No!” the driver said.
Tyler flung two 1,000 rial notes onto the seat. The driver picked them up. He held up a finger.
“One more, give me!”
I tossed in another 1,000 rials. The driver held the bills up like a poker hand, trying to decide. Then he shook his head.
“No!”
Tyler snatched back the money.
“Damn, now what?” he said.
We looked around the street like a couple of hunted rabbits. Fires were burning in other parts of the city, too, sending columns of smoke into the sky. The Iranian driver of a nearby car called out to us. 
“Mister! Where you going?”
“Mehrabad Airport!” we shouted.
“Come!” the man said.
Nobody was making us a better offer, so we piled in. Somehow the driver maneuvered around the mayhem and got us out of the downtown. 
“You going America?” he asked.
“Yes,” Tyler said. 
No sense trying to explain our complicated situation.
“Good,” the driver said. “Time for all American go home. Back to President Jimmy Carter.”
Tyler and I exchanged glances.
“The Shah, very bad,” the driver said. “Very, very bad!”
Oh please, I thought, just get us to the airport in one piece! And he did. He even refused to take any money. Then he vanished, like he’d been a guardian angel or something.
The terminal was jammed with frightened people trying to get out of Iran. We fought our way through the crowd to the counter. Thank God, my flight had not been canceled! A few hours later, I shoved myself onto my plane along with the capacity crowd. A last handshake with Tyler.
“I’ll leave the light on for you,” I said. “Come as soon as you can.”
The desperate crowd of people swept me along. I didn’t hear Tyler’s reply. 
As we winged our way towards freedom, I looked down for a last view of Tehran. A thick cloud of smoke covered the city.


Chapter 55: Descent
Pride is always hard pressed by ruin and shame. – Notre Dame de Paris, Victor Hugo

A massive death machine is on tour. Violence in Esfahan, then in Tehran, then Kermanshah, Tabriz or some other city. Then it’s our turn again. Demonstrators rush into the gunfire wearing burial shrouds. 
Things have moved rapidly downhill since Bob left, as if, Atlas-like, he’d been supporting the heavens for us, and now that he’s gone the sky is falling. Winter tightens its icy grip. 
Our group of foreigners taking the bus to the army base this morning was very grim, our expressions matching the weather. We stood separated from each other at the bus stop. Even the cold wind blowing off the Iranian plateau failed to make us cluster. 
Young Iranians zipped past on motor bikes making obscene gestures. Somebody threw a rock at our bus when it finally arrived to pick us up. The armed guard looked indifferently out the wire mesh covered window.
We drove past burned-out restaurants, liquor stores, and banks with their windows smashed and file cabinets thrown out on the sidewalk. Esfahan looked like it had suffered an air raid. Troops in armored vehicles guarded the intersections amid heaps of smoldering refuse.
After crossing what was once a bustling city, we passed through the army base gate and entered the desert. An Iranian officer boarded and strode through the aisles checking ID cards. He walked slowly, glancing first at the card, then at the person holding it, like God weighing your soul.
This trip through the desert was once my favorite part of the morning. The sun used to ride over the low hills in a huge fireball. Now the land was cold and empty, the sky overcast. The bus crashed into a pothole. The driver unleashed a torrent of Farsi profanity and motioned us to get off and walk the last fifty yards.
Out on the barren ground, we fell into a synchronized shuffle, moving our feet and brief cases in a weary cadence. I tried to break stride but couldn’t. I looked down, half expecting to see leg irons.
Like all armies, the Iranian one has many recruits from ethnic minorities. Tension has worsened between the students of Persian heritage and those of other backgrounds. A fight broke out in my classroom when one student called another a “Turkish donkey.”
After the Lieutenant hauled away the combatants, I drilled my remaining students on the vocabulary pair increasing / decreasing. I used an example from the textbook.
“Is the population of Tehran increasing or decreasing?” I read.
“Increasing,” one student answered.
“No, decreasing!” another shouted. 
He stood up and turned his fingers into an imaginary machine gun, “Pow! Pow! Pow!”
The understaffed teachers’ room was depressing when I shuffled in after class. Rolf has quit and headed back to West Germany, joining the avalanche of fleeing expatriates selling cars and household fixtures for a song. His record player now sits in my apartment. 
The condescending smirks of the “everything’s gonna be okay” crowd have disappeared, replaced by the hunted look of terrified mice. 
Pete took over our group after Rolf left. The smug attitude got wiped off his face soon enough. A gun battle erupted in the kuche in front of his house near the bazaar. A helicopter hovered overhead, and a roof top sniper traded shots with it. Pete cowered inside the empty water cistern in his kitchen. He got the hell out of Iran pretty quick after that. 
So, nobody is in charge of our group. No matter. The whole country is like that. We go about our business as best we can, improvising as required. 
The latest missive tacked to my apartment door:

O, CURSED YONKY,
YOU KNOW ABOUT SHAH MONARKISM AND HIS GENERAL MASSACRES, BUT WHILE ALL LIBERAL PEOPLE CONDEMN THE EXECUTIONER, YOU AND YOUR DOMNED PRESIDENT SUPPORT HIM. 
THIS IS WHY ALL THE IRANIAN PEOPLE HATE YOU. 
VIVA ISLAM!

Very little to misinterpret, spelling errors notwithstanding.
The newspapers are on strike, and the only reliable reports come over BBC radio or in outdated American magazines. Contact with the outside world is difficult due to the Post office and telecommunication strikes. Periodically, a batch of our letters is hauled out to the US by special pouch and posted there. No matter, I haven’t been writing much lately. Communications with Julie have petered out.
Home life is a downward spiral of electrical shut offs, food and fuel shortages. My apartment is cold as a tomb most days. Cars are disappearing from the streets, especially American-owned ones which are being fire bombed one after another.
The army forced motorists to participate in a pro government demonstration, compelling drivers to display pictures of the Shah in their windshields, even it was only a bank note. Pictures of Khomeini are held in reserve for times when the revolutionaries control the streets.
A Kafkaesque atmosphere of collapse and ruin is taking hold. The exodus of foreigners gains momentum. Our training operation is falling apart, however much the management tries to keep a brave face. The circumstances have a horrid fascination – they tempt you to assume an inflexible stance of stubbornness, machismo, and stupidity. But I don’t believe that I have fallen victim to this. 
So, why do I remain? Well, the money is good. A desire to witness history in the making? That, too. The core reason has revealed itself to me only gradually. 
I can’t leave as long as Jon Glass is still in Iran. I know he’s here, even though I have not heard from him. I can feel his presence, somehow. He’s biding his time, waiting to see who is worthy enough to stay here with him. 
If I leave now, I’m beaten. For the rest of my life, whenever I’m faced with a tough challenge, I’ll know that I failed the big test when it came. 
Then, several weeks after Bob’s departure, Jon called.


Chapter 56: Bar Incident
Darkness was cheap, and Scrooge liked it. – A Christmas Carol, Charles Dickens

The evening was tense and menacing as I entered the bar. The sight of Iranian soldiers in a big Russian-built armored vehicle out front did not lessen my unease.
This was one of the few American watering holes left, a GI type bar not at all to my liking. I arrived before Jon and took a side table. Since so many of the family men had cleared out with their dependents, the percentage of stag jerks among the American ex-military types had increased exponentially. Like that trio at the bar who were ogling the pretty Vietnamese girl serving drinks.
Why did Jon insist on these kickoff meetings? It’s not like we ever discussed anything. He’d merely present his latest plan, take it or leave it. Maybe that was his rationale, to see if I’d back out.
I ordered two beers, setting one out for Jon and sipping the other one myself. Then I buried my nose in an outdated Newsweek and tuned out the environment as much as possible. The magazine contained speculations about “Who Lost Iran?” The Carter administration received much blame. As if this huge, complicated nation had ever been ours to lose.
Some minutes passed before I heard fingers drumming on the table. I jerked my head up to see Jon sitting across from me. 
I scarcely recognized him. The beard was gone and most of the hair, too. The overhead lights played along angular cheekbones and a crew-cut skull. Relieved of its moderating hair, Jon’s face looked harsh, his eyes even more intense than previously. For an instant, I thought Charles Manson had appeared in his shave-headed iteration. The word Mephistophelean popped into my mind.
“Been here long?” he said.
“A few minutes,” I said.
Jon nodded, dismissing the topic, and hoisted his beer. He drank straight from the bottle, disdaining the glass the Vietnamese girl had provided. His sweatshirt sleeves were pulled up to the elbow, and the tendons of his powerful forearm rippled as he drummed the fingers of his free hand on the table. 
A big, ugly American guy, quite drunk and slinging a large belly, had entered the room and was approaching the bar. 
“Gimme a beer, sweetheart!” he told the bartender.
He seemed a younger version of the ex-mil I’d seen at the Jolfa Hotel – the fat, old sociopath who was still soldiering on in his private little W-A-R. 
Jon turned to glance at the newcomer, and I noticed a long, scabbed-over graze running across his profile like a dueling scar. 
“What happened to you?” I asked.
He touched his face lightly. “You mean this?”
“Yeah.”
“The troops fired on the demonstration last night,” he said. “Took out the Iranian guy right behind me. All I got was this scratch.”
“You were in a demonstration?”
“Yeah, a few.” Jon shrugged. “I thought it would be interesting.”
I attempted to conceal my shock behind my beer glass. An awkward silence descended which I tried to fill with conversation – about the revolution, of course. 
“What do you think about this ‘Islamic Republic’ Khomeini wants to establish?” I asked. 
Jon shrugged again.
“He’s going to win, you know,” I said. 
“Could be,” Jon said. 
He crossed his arms and leaned back his chair, a faraway look in his eyes. 
“It’s the chaos, man,” he said.
“It’s got to end,” I said. “This can’t go on much longer.”
“Yeah, that’s true.” Regret tinged Jon’s voice. 
He banged his chair legs back down, and I flinched. 
“How are things at the Mechanics’ School?” Jon asked.
“The pits,” I said. “So many people have left that we can hardly run the place.” 
Jon nodded. “Uh huh.”
He didn’t care about events at the school, he was only terminating the previous topic. Jon didn’t care much about anything I or anybody else said. 
He spread a map out on the table and pointed to a large shaded area. His oversized hand hovering over the paper looked powerful enough to crush a coconut, or somebody’s wind pipe.
“Here’s where I plan to go,” he said. “It’s supposed to be a wildlife refuge. You on?”
“Sure,” I said.
“I’ll get you tomorrow morning, then, 7:30.”
The business portion of the meeting over, we concentrated on our beers. Things were heating up at the bar between the newcomer and another American in a BHI sweatshirt. Voices were raised and stools pushed back. The Vietnamese girl bartender beat a hasty retreat.
“Look at that!” I said.
Jon glanced over his shoulder. “The chaos, man, it’s spreading. Get used to it.” 
He folded up the map, indifferent to the developing brawl.
The two Americans wrestled against the bar, the newcomer gaining the advantage. Glasses smashed to the floor. Then the guy in the BHI sweatshirt managed to slip free and ran like hell out the door, much to the amusement of the two other jerks at the bar.
“Way to go, Alex!” one them shouted. 
“Come on, Jon,” I said. “Let’s get out of here.”
“I haven’t finished my beer yet,” Jon said.
“Well, I’m gone,” I said.
“Okay, hold on.” Jon drained his bottle.
I moved to the exit and waited for him there. 
“Where’d she go?” Alex was bellowing at the bar. “I need another beer, mine broke on the floor!”
The other two jerks laughed. “He’s in rare form tonight!” one of them said.
“Somebody bring me a beer!” Alex whined. “Please!”
He looked around the room, spotted Jon. 
“Hey, you!” He pointed at Jon. “Go back there and bring me a beer!”
“Sorry, man,” Jon said. “I don’t do that.”
Alex heaved his bulk off his bar stool and blocked the way as Jon tried to pass. The bastard was, literally, twice Jon’s size.
“Maybe you didn’t hear me!” He grabbed Jon by the shoulders. 
Jon ducked and simultaneously flung up his arms to break the grip on his shoulders. Then he shot back up, rotating his weight behind a brutal uppercut to Alex’s groin. 
The big man grunted and rose up on tiptoes like some porcine ballerina, his eyes looked ready to pop out of his head. He began to crumple. Jon slipped behind him and hung from his belt. A moment later, Alex crashed to the floor. 
The other two creeps jumped off their bar stools.
“Get him Alex!” one shouted.
“Help me break this up,” I said.
“Shit no!” the other creep said. “We want to see your little friend get his ass kicked.” 
I looked down helplessly. I couldn’t stop the fight myself, and if I tried to help Jon, the others would no doubt jump me. 
The two combatants flailed around on the floor with Jon momentarily on top. He took advantage of his position to inflict a savage elbow strike, followed by head butt. Blood flowed from a gash over Alex’s eye. 
Roaring with pain and rage, he flung Jon off of him like a rag doll. Jon tumbled to the side but held on to Alex’s arm. He wrapped his legs around the beefy extremity.
“Thanks for the arm, pal!” Jon said.
He arched his back and strained mightily against Alex’s arm – face reddening, cords sticking out on his neck. Then a loud, sickening SNAP! 
Alex’s roaring changed to a high pitched scream.
“Ahhhhh!” Like a damned soul on judgment day. “Ahhhhh!” 
Jon disentangled himself and stood up – bouncing on his toes prize fighter style as if he were just getting warmed up. The two jerks looked on, wide-eyed. Jon flicked a punch their direction and they both stumbled back, practically falling over themselves. 
On the floor, Alex continued screaming. His arm was bent back at the elbow into a horrifying angle. My beer started to regurgitate.
“Shut up!” Jon shouted.
He delivered a vicious kick to Alex’s face. A tooth flew out and ricocheted off the bar.
“That’s enough!” I tried to restrain him. 
Jon felt like a granite hurricane thrashing in my arms. He flung me off and turned his full fury my direction. For an instant the world stopped dead, and all I saw were two murderous eyes boring into me. The pit of hell seemed to have ripped open. 
Then the moment passed.
“Okay,” Jon said, “let’s go.”
Alex was whimpering on the floor, reduced to a small, beaten child. Bloody little bubbles gurgled at his lips. His two pals stood by with their mouths gaping, like the morons they were.
“Tell your friend no hard feelings, eh?” Jon pulled a bill from his pocket and slapped it onto the bar. “Drinks are on me.”
We got the hell out of the bar and climbed into Jon’s VW.
As we drove through the quiet streets, Jon’s giggles carried across the darkened car, chilling my nerves.
“Poor Alex,” he said, “now there’s a guy having a bad day.”
Jon’s efficient brutality had numbed me into silence. Compared to the destruction I’d just witnessed, my “fights” at the judo school back home had been child’s play.
“Could have been worse, though,” Jon said. “If I’d had my toothpick with me, they’d be roasting him for kabobs about now.”
“I’ll never go back there again,” I said.
“Don’t worry,” Jon said, “the revolutionaries will probably firebomb the place before long.” 
“No doubt,” I said. 
Jon giggled some more. “Hey, maybe I’ll do it myself. Might be interesting.”
If he meant that as a joke, I wasn’t laughing. 
“I need some air,” I said. “Can you let me out here?”
“Suit yourself,” Jon said.
I walked the last few blocks to my apartment. Curfew was forty minutes off, but the streets were practically deserted. I passed a large army truck. The soldiers inside played Iranian pop music on a tape player. One of them jumped out onto the pavement and danced to the accompaniment of the music and the snapping fingers of his comrades. 
The soldiers’ blue shoulder patches identified them as a unit from outside the Esfahan area. The government wanted to lessen whatever sympathy individual soldiers might have for the locals. Aside from this minor change in uniform, these guys seemed just like my students.
My suspicious Iranian neighbors watched me from their windows as I entered my apartment building. I felt their disapproving presence behind their closed doors as I shuffled up the stairs like Ebenezer Scrooge ascending to his grim abode. 
My apartment was cold and unwelcoming. After a miserable lukewarm shower, I tried to relax with a cigarette, but at 8:30 the electricity went off and the demonstrations began. I crept over to my living room window and nudged it open so as to gage the location of the mayhem. 
It was coming from the general area of the bazaar, as usual. The chanting of thousands drifted into my gloomy apartment, like a fervid crowd at some nightmare sporting event.
“Allah u Akbar!” God is Great! 
“Javid Khomeini!” Long Live Khomeini!
Then came the gunfire – volleys of massed rifles and the solo death rattle of a machine gun. More chanting, more gunfire. Star shell flares rocketed into the night sky, their sick red glow offering the only illumination in my barren chambers. A stench of explosives drifted on the night breeze.
I lay on my couch, chain smoking, until the mayhem finally ceased. Then uncomfortable sleep, with the violence continuing in my dreams. Roaring crowds being mowed down by machine guns, a severed arm laying on the pavement, snapped at the elbow – and obscene giggles running though it all.


Chapter 57: To the Back of Beyond
How the soul of man is transformed according to the climate, the silence, the solitude, or the company in which it lives! – Zorba the Greek, Nikos Kazantzakis

A fine, crisp morning abated my night terrors. I ate a sparse breakfast. Since I was out of cigarettes, I relit a butt from the bottom of a drained Chateau Rezaiyeh bottle. The smoke from the cigarette stub, supercharged with stale wine, hit me hard.
Jon’s VW rumbled up to the building right on schedule. Gripped by a curious, almost frantic, elation, I bounded down the stairs. A high school punk off for a joy ride couldn’t have felt more excited. 
Jon remained in the driver’s seat silent and immobile, looking straight ahead – like a robot waiting for the proper moment to activate. The VW was heavily loaded with the front seats shoved forward to accommodate the jumble of stuff in back. Two large cans of gasoline reposed amidst the camping gear.
I crammed myself into the passenger seat and shoved my knapsack in with the other baggage. My elation began to evaporate. 
“Isn’t it dangerous to drive around with gas cans?” I said.
“There probably won’t be any gas for sale,” Jon said. “Would you rather run out in the middle of nowhere?” 
I’d barely closed the door before the car took off, hurtling us down the side streets. Jon drove with an abandon worse than the most reckless Iranian motorists, whipping the little car around corners and working the stick like a professional racer. My body shifted uncomfortably with every turn. I tried to calm things with vapid conversation.
“Weather’s improved, hasn’t it?” I observed.
“Uh huh.”
We zoomed down a winding side street, the car listing sharply on every turn. Jon seemed to have gone mad.
“This isn’t the Grand Prix!” I said.
He ignored me. Engine noise echoed off courtyard walls on either side of the kuche. We flew around one corner and almost skidded into a jube. Some women washing clothes jumped back. 
“Yow!” Jon yelled.
The final length of kuche was straighter, and Jon gunned the engine mercilessly. We gained the main thoroughfare, right into the midst of trouble. Jon hit the brakes, nearly pitching me against the flat windshield.
“What’s this?” he said.
A flaming barricade blocked our progress. Its appearance was so unexpected, that I thought a piece of hell had suddenly erupted from the nether regions. Black, poisonous smoke swirled about from burning tires and other debris. 
An acrid and unholy stench penetrated the VW despite the rolled-up windows. I twisted around to look out the back. Other cars had piled up behind us, blocking a retreat. 
“We’re cut off!” I said.
Fear reached out for me from the intense heat. The goddam gas cans in back might explode any second! A military truck pulled up on the wide sidewalk next to us. Soldiers clambered out while a group of demonstrators across the street harangued them and threw rocks. 
Our VW stood between the two groups. Rocks bounced off the roof and hood, one of them cracking the windshield. The soldiers leveled their guns. Jon rolled down his window. 
“Get out of the God damned way!” he bellowed at the cars behind us.
Vehicles backed off. Jon wrenched the transmission into reverse and popped the clutch. The VW stalled out with a jolt. The demonstrators surged forward to take advantage of the cover our car provided, dodging around us and taunting the soldiers.
“Death to the Shah!” they cried. “Long live Khomeini!”
A ragged teen aged boy, his face smeared with soot, glowered in at us. 
“Death to America!” he shouted.
Jon got the engine started and roared off in reverse. An Iranian on a motor bike swerved to get out of our way and tumbled onto the pavement. Jon stomped the brakes, whipped the steering wheel, and, wrenching into forward gear, took off down another street. Behind us, the soldiers open fire. 
Barricades were going up on this street, too. Young demonstrators were piling rubbish and dousing it with gasoline – tires, crates, trash bins. Fires everywhere.
“They’re cutting off the whole area!” I shouted. 
Disorganized groups of Iranians dashed through the street. Jon swung the car, narrowly avoiding them. I slumped down, praying that nobody else would recognize us as foreigners. We raced toward the obstructions. 
“Hang on!” Jon yelled.
I braced my hands on the dash, eyes bulging with terror. We headed straight for a metal trash bin.
“JIE-ronimo!” Jon cried with almost orgasmic delight.
“Christ!” I yelled.
At the last moment, Jon flung the steering wheel around. The car missed the trash bin by inches, smashing into a pile of burning crates instead. The pile exploded, and a flaming crate struck the windshield, cracking it further. It balancing against the glass obstructing our view, then tumbled off in a shower of sparks.
“We made it!” Jon shouted. “Fucking A!”
Soon we were motoring on the outskirts of town, passing along streets eerily quiet after the mayhem we’d just witnessed. Jon relaxed, a contented little smirk playing around his lips. The final clusters of buildings receded, and we moved into open desert.
“Where’s the wine skin?” I croaked.
Jon pointed a thumb toward the back. I dug out the skin and fired a jet of red liquid into my mouth. The rich, leathery taste calmed my shattered nerves a bit. I offered the skin to Jon.
“No thanks,” he said with a trace of irony. “Not safe driving like that.” 
I kept an intermittent stream of alcohol coming for myself, slurping it down as if my life depended on it. The desert miles began to interpose themselves between me and the madness in Esfahan, pushing the terror jack-in-the-box back beneath its lid. Fatigue bore down on me with leaden weight. Only the discomfort of the seating arrangement prevented me from dropping off into oblivion.
I began to talk, enunciating carefully around my alcohol buzz. “It’s a good thing you bought wine before all the liquor stores got bombed,” I said.
“Yeah,” Jon said, “that’s the last of it, though.”
“No problem,” I said. “We’ve still got the gasoline. I’m told it goes very well with 7 Up.”
I laughed boisterously at my stupid joke. My laughter kept coming, rising to an hysterical cackle. I listened in amazement. Some demented stowaway must be hiding in the car, I thought. The cacophony seemed to be coming from everywhere. 
Jon glanced over, puzzled. A small bruise on his forehead indicated where he’d head-butted Alex the night before. Then he turned away, showing the bullet scratch on his cheek. 
Finally, the racket died down, and I occupied myself with sightseeing. The miles passed along the two-lane pavement for what must have been hours. A thin snow layer made the barren, rolling hills resemble massive pastries sprinkled with powdered sugar. The sun dodged and hid among thickening clouds.
The road curved sharply toward an area of low hills with snow-capped peaks rising behind them. A distant adobe village sent smoke into the chill air. 
“This is the place,” Jon said.
He spun the car off the pavement and drove onto the rocky ground. We crashed over bumps with such violence that I had to grip the dash handle to keep my head from slamming against the ceiling. Eventually, I had to hold on with both hands, riding my seat like a bucking bronco.
“JIE-ronimo!” Jon howled, sending the VW over another massive bump.
The car bottomed out and became stuck. I jumped out to push. The car advanced briefly, then got stuck again. I tugged it out a second time. 
I got back in, but the VW couldn’t clear the ground with the extra weight. I was reduced to running alongside while Jon negotiated the ruts and bumps.
“Slow down!” I called as he zipped past.
But the VW didn’t get far before it required further pushing. Light snow began to fall. I felt idiotic trotting over the broken ground like some half-baked marathon runner, but I was also exhilarated. 
At least I was moving freely, not stealing down some city street fearful of being caught up in a violent outburst, or creeping up the stairs of my apartment building hoping to avoid my Iranian neighbors. I was also getting badly winded.
Near the village Jon picked up a dirt track. He stopped and waited for me to catch up.
“Need a lift?” he asked.
I slipped back into the VW, too tired to speak.
Our advance must have been observed from the village because the residents were out in force. It was a typical small settlement with domed adobe houses jammed together like bee hives, a wind tower, and a wall surrounding everything. Jon pulled over.
Curious Iranians surrounded us – young men mostly, with several boys and older men mixed in. They looked poor, all of them shabbily dressed in mismatched clothing. The village females discretely observed from a distance. Jon lowered his window and spoke to the crowd in Farsi. He must have said something humorous, for everyone began to laugh.
“You should have been an ambassador,” I said.
“From where, Bullshit-istan?” Jon said.
An older gentleman, gray stubble protruding from his weathered face, took up head position at the open window and spoke with Jon, emphasizing his remarks with gestures toward the mountains. 
“He says there’s some government land up ahead where they can’t graze their livestock,” Jon translated. “That must be it.” 
The younger boys were making a game of bouncing on the VW’s fenders. When Jon revved the engine, they scattered amid bursts of laughter. We drove off waving to the village folk, our tires leaving tracks in the thin snow. 
Soon the road petered out and we were driving through open desert again. The village passed out of view, not even the smoke from its hearth fires was visible any longer. We stopped at the foothills. Jon cut the engine. It died hard, running on crankily, finally halting with a jolt and a loud pop. Gasoline fumes drifted.
“Eureka!” he said. 


Chapter 58: The Canyon
He’s here, but he’s not here. He rejects the here and is unhappy with it. – Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, Robert M. Pirsig

The world turned an eerie calm with the silencing of the VW. I slipped from my tortuous seat and stretched myself. Once the gas fumes cleared away, the air smelled fantastically clean, like the cool scent at the dawn of creation. The mayhem of Esfahan receded from my consciousness until it seemed to be roiling on some distant planet.
“Are we gonna pitch camp now,” I asked, “or carry the stuff with us?”
“Let’s just go,” Jon said. “I want to travel light.”
I shoved my arms through the straps of my granny pack. It didn’t weigh much – some extra clothes, first aid kit, space blanket, a little food. Jon gave me a condescending look and moved off. He charged steadily uphill across the rolling terrain, trying to leave me behind, as usual.
But today was different. I felt such renewal at my escape from Esfahan that I took off with a fresh burst of energy. Soon, I was beside Jon, matching his blistering tempo. 
He glanced over, and surprise shot across his face. He started moving faster, nearly running across the uneven ground. I fell behind, but then my second wind kicked in, and I again equaled Jon’s pace. On and on we dashed, our leg shadows mingling in the harsh sun. Minutes passed, half an hour – I didn’t know how long.
My chest heaved like a blacksmith’s bellows, and my heart pounded like his hammer, but I dug deep into my energy reserve and moved ahead of Jon. The primordial air ripped into my burning lungs. The world narrowed down to the hot pain in my muscles and the sound of our feet pounding the earth.
My vision began narrowing to a dark tunnel, but I could still see Jon off to my left and back a little. The ground rose sharply to a broad, flat area. If I could only get up there first! With a final desperate final heave, I gained the top, one step ahead of Jon.
I stopped, gasping for air. With a weary jerk, I dropped my pack and stooped over, bracing my hands on my knees. After a while, my vision began to clear and I could breathe again. 
Back down our route, haze lent an ethereal cast to the bleak, undulating ground with its patches of snow. Toward the horizon, a low band of sky shone dusty blue, while the higher atmosphere sagged under heavy overcast. Brisk air whipping over the mesa evaporated my sweat.  
Mesa – the Spanish term seemed out of place in this Asian wilderness. Was this the mesa I’d thought I was leaping onto when I first came to Iran – the one that was supposed to elevate me above my frustrated ennui? Well, as bad as things were turning out, at least nobody could say that Iran was boring. 
I looked ahead, expecting to see Jon disappearing in the distance. Instead, he was standing nearby, hands on hips, observing me from the corners of his slit eyes. 
“Piece of cake,” I said.
Suddenly, Jon gripped my shoulder in an almost affectionate manner. A smile creased his usually harsh and stony face.
“I’m really glad you could make it today, Tyler,” he said. 
I was stunned. In all the time we’d traveled together, Jon had scarcely seemed to notice me. Now he was acting like the best of old pals. I felt as if a great honor was being bestowed upon me.
“S-sure,” I said, “me, too.”
“I’ve missed you,” Jon said. “It hasn’t been the same without you.”
His charm was compelling, and his smile warmed me to my very depths. I already knew why so many people were scared of Jon, now I understood why others liked him so much – Mr. Jong, the Irish priests, the wine house girls. For the first time in ages I felt fully alive. Jon moved off.
To quiet my jumble of emotions, I pulled my compass from beneath my Cheju Do sweater. The needle swung crazily.
“What the hell?” I said.
I moved the compass away from myself. The needle swung again, doing a full circle. 
“Look at this ... ” I started to say, but Jon was already gone.
I watched his back while he strode away, his curled-toe shoes beating an eager path along the stones. I looked again at my Silva – the needle was slowly revolving in the opposite direction now. I knew that local magnetic forces could influence compass readings, I’d even seen such phenomena in Wyoming. But I couldn’t help feeling that something unnatural was causing my compass to flip out. 
A shudder ran through me, and I slipped the now useless instrument back under my sweater. Whatever was out here, Jon intended to find it. 
Far ahead, Jon scaled a rock outcrop and waited for me. As I approached along the stony terrain, my legs seemed to move slower and slower until they hardly covered any distance at all. The outcrop consisted of three large boulders about eight feet above the surroundings. The two flanking ones leaned in toward the middle. Jon sat upon the central rock, as if perched upon a fantastic throne, staring into the distance. 
The ground started dropping away, becoming part of the sky. As I mounted the boulder to Jon’s right, the ground before me suddenly plunged down into a canyon. The great gash in the earth had appeared as unexpectedly as a corpse at a birthday party. Vertiginous anxiety stabbed at me. 
“This is it, man!” Jon said. 
The wind kicked up, and I pulled my jacket collar around my throat. My foot loosened a stone which tumbled noiselessly into the void. Get a grip, I told myself. Don’t let it scare you! This ain’t the Grand Canyon.
It had something of the Arizona gorge’s vast and terrible silence, though – its hulking, otherworldly presence. This place was as the Grand Canyon must have been millions of years earlier in its gouging progress down through the earth. Hundreds of feet below, a stream cut through the abyss. 
“Let’s go in!” Jon said.
I groped for an excuse to escape entering the void. The thickening overcast provided a good one. 
“I don’t like the looks of that sky,” I said. “It’s getting worse.”
“The sky?” Jon looked up briefly. “Its always there, isn’t it?”
He descended the outcrop, quick as a mountain goat, and took up a narrow trail into the canyon. After some hesitation, I followed.
We walked in a gradual descent along the narrow, crumbly trail, sending showers of pebbles cascading down the slope. The canyon threatened to overwhelm me with its presence, like some towering ogre. 
“Screw it,” I told myself, “this is just a slice in the ground.” 
I recalled my insight on Mount Fuji – how the great volcanic mountain was really nothing more than a heap of insignificant components lacking the complexity of even the simplest human being. But this told only part of the story, I realized now. Vast geology was more than just the sum of its parts. The trail leveled off. 
Jon paused to drink from his water bottle, and for a moment, I glimpsed the feral look in his eyes again. The expression quickly vanished, though, replaced by something resembling merriment. A broad grin carved crow’s foot wrinkles into his weathered face. He gestured toward the Canyon’s vast open spaces.
“King of the Universe, eh?” he said.
I did not reply. Concern for the rapidly worsening weather stifled any desire for conversation.
Beyond the rim of this canyon world, the sky was darkening fast, bringing the threat of a storm. I looked back down the narrow trail and tried to gauge the distance to our entry point. 
How long to get back to the car? An hour, with luck. Jon walked a bit farther ahead and paused. I caught up quickly.
A smooth, sloping rock surface curved across the trail, then plunged straight down delineating the course of an erstwhile water fall. Above, outside the canyon, a dry stream bed would be winding through the desert toward this drop off point – an arroyo as they’d call it in the U.S. Another word that seemed out of place in this Persian setting.
I peeped over the waterfall edge, looked away, peeped again. Each time the distance to the bottom seemed to get longer. Jon stepped out onto the smooth rock. 
“Coming, Tyler?” he said.
“Hell, no!” 
Amusement flickered across his face. “It’s not far to the other side.”
I perused the sky, then turned back toward Jon. He remained standing in the middle of the arid water fall, hand on hip in that cocky pose he so often assumed. Again, I was struck by the Bruce Lee analogy. The Caucasian face which could have modified this illusion was turned away from me, gazing off into God knew what vistas. 
“Come back with me, Jon,” I called. “That sky looks bad. If it rains, a flash flood could pass right through here.”
He gave the sky a cursory glance and shrugged. “That could be interesting.”
He remained arrogantly rooted to the stone, observing me. Only his Arabian Nights shoes with the curled up toes detracted from his force-of-nature persona. Blood stained the left toe, evidence of the kick to Alex’s face.
Acrophobic dread gripped my chest. I tried to hold Jon with my eyes, but he turned away and, with rapid, mincing steps, crossed to the far side. 
My left foot advanced, then my right. I was almost out on the polished waterfall rock now. A voice screamed in my mind telling me to turn back. Another one, even more forceful, urged me forward – promising a spectacular denouement, answers to all the universe’s mysteries. I seemed about to rip in two.
Thunder rumbled, giving me the strength to force myself to a halt. The sky had become a deep, threatening black.
I pointed upwards. “That looks like the end of the world coming!” 
“End of the world, eh?” Jon laughed. “All we can do is hope, Tyler.”
“Get back, right now!” I screamed.
Jon laughed again. “Here you go, Tyler, just in case!” 
He tossed me the car keys, and I damned near went over edge reaching for them. Then Jon started walking away. I pulled off my knapsack and, rotating my body like a discus thrower, flung it across to him. It thudded at Jon’s feet. He turned back toward me, an ironic little smile on his face.
“Take the goddam thing!” I yelled.


Chapter 59: Into the Maelstrom
The storm hit just as I emerged from the canyon. Great blasts of wind whipped snow and icy rain through the blackened air. Huge charges built up in the atmosphere, making my hair stand on end. 
Then lightning erupted, throwing the nightmare landscape into sharp relief. I cowered by the outcropping but could find no sheltered lee. The tempest whipped into every niche, yanking my breath away.
Then, after what seemed an eternity, a blessed lull arrived. I stood up, almost too paralyzed with cold to move. Wind screeched along the distant mountain peaks, and the setting sun cast harsh shadows through cloud breaks. Shafts of light jabbed down like death rays. 
I was drawn toward the mountains, almost in a trance. The shrieking winds tried to snatch my mind.
“Jon!” I called into the empty wilderness. 
With a supreme effort of my flagging will power, I tore myself away from the lure of the mountain crests and began walking. The storm built its power and struck again, practically battering me down. Darkness seized the world. I heard howling nearby, and the patter of rushing feet. Hard little snow crystals stung my face. Vertigo assailed me as visibility plummeted to near zero. Terror froze my movements until I was barely stumbling along.
I struggled in a maelstrom, scarcely able to remain standing. The frigid wind, polluted with death, bit into me and drove me mercilessly onward. Then I was running, somehow negotiating the rocky ground without tumbling over.
I heard snarls all around me; something snapped at my hand. Anger pushed aside the fear. I grabbed a rock and hurled it. A yelp of pain.
“Dirty bastards!” I yelled.
I picked up another rock and was about to throw it when I ran into something solid. The VW! My hands groped in stunned disbelief over the car. I wrenched open the door. The wind tried to yank it away, but I held on and flung myself inside. The VW wrapped its sheet metal wings around me. 
Storm and snow beasts remained outside, lashing with frustrated rage. I watched them for a long time before my shattered faculties began to recover. The ear-splitting wind howl deadened in the car’s snug interior and, at last, I realized that I was safe. 
Then helpless feelings of loss and grief overcame me. Jon was still out there!
You should have stopped him! I cursed myself bitterly. You should have brought him back somehow. 
But that was just self-flagellating b.s. Even in my state of emotional collapse, I knew in my heart that I could have done nothing to save him.
“Damn it to hell!” I shouted into the storm buffeting the windshield. 
The snow crystals battered the cracked glass with renewed force, mocking me. The car rocked amid the storm’s fury but held firm. I buried myself in a sleeping bag and spent the night staring out into the darkness, hoping to see Jon appear. I tried to turn on the headlights for him, but they didn’t work.


Chapter 60: Solo Return
“Uncertainty is life. I will remain until my time is up, whether for good or bad.” – Mohammed Reza Pahlavi, Shah of Iran

I must have dozed off towards morning, because the Iranians took me by surprise. I awoke with a start to see a mustachioed face pressed against the window.
“Mister ... mister!” He tapped urgent fingers on the glass.
I rolled down the window and stuck my head out. Several Iranian men were standing around in the snow. The sky blazed a sharp, punishing blue. 
“Where you friend?” The man with the mustache said. He seemed the only one who could speak any English.
I stared at him, unable to answer.
“We come from village,” he said. “We thought maybe trouble with you.”
Tears started gliding down my cheeks, until I was sobbing openly. The village men stood around, uncertain what to do. Finally, I got enough of a grip on myself to explain what had happened. 
The men quickly organized search parties, and we set out to look for Jon. 
I took them to the drop off where I had last seen him. No sign of Jon, or of my knapsack, either. We scoured the area for miles – down to the valley floor, along the rim on both sides, over the mesa. 
“Jon!” I called a hundred times throughout the day.
No answer, nothing. As if God, or something else, had whisked him off the face of the earth. Then the sun went down.
I spent the night at the house of the village leader. He was a kindly old gentleman and regarded me through sad eyes within his weathered face. I was so exhausted that I dropped off immediately after the evening meal and slept like a dead man. 
Early Monday morning, I emptied the gas cans into the VW’s tank and drove back to Esfahan. The car was dying around me, leaking fluid as it gasped along, filling my ears with creaks and grindings. Jon had broken it on the mad drive Saturday, inflicting fatal injuries. Now the VW dragged me along with its last strength, like a horse running itself to ground.
Finally, I made it back to town. I’d never driven in Iran before, and was unfamiliar with the traffic regulations. What if the cops pulled me over and found out that I had no license! 
My God, that was the least of my worries. 
Traffic was light, due to the strike-induced fuel shortages, and I made it to corporate headquarters without incident. The VW conked out as I arrived, gliding the last tortured yards into a parking space, giving off a stench of burned oil. 
Inside the building, I explained Jon’s disappearance to the director, to corporate security, to anyone who wanted to hear. They listened soberly. A granite-faced security man asked most of the questions, grilling me extensively on every detail, asking the same questions with new twists, trying to expose inconsistencies in my story. 
All I could do was repeat the truth, or at least my perception of it. Who the hell really knew what had happened? They plied me with coffee and spoke among themselves in low voices.
Then they let me go. An Iranian office employee drove me home, slowly traversing the stricken city under a leaden, late afternoon sky. The heavy overcast lent a funereal quality to the already ghastly day.


Chapter 61: The Men in White
“I will declare holy war when we reach a deadlock in our attempts to find a peaceful solution.” – Ayatollah Khomeini
A strong man with homicidal and religious mania at once might be dangerous. The combination is a dreadful one. – Bram Stoker, Dracula

I shuffled up the three flights to my apartment like a condemned man mounting the scaffold. Somebody had stuck yet another message on my door:

GO HOME, CURSED YONKY, OR WE WILL KILL YOU.
DEATH TO THE SHAH! 

Pocketing the leaflet, I entered my apartment and locked myself in. At least the electricity was still going. Taking advantage of this luxury, I turned on lights and started the Beach Boys record sitting on Rolf’s old machine. The sunny, upbeat lyrics of California Girls provided an absurd contrast to my situation. 
I watched the turntable spin and tried to collect my thoughts. So much had happened since I’d first seen this record player on the boat to Japan. It seemed an extravagant symbol, the meaning of which I couldn’t hope to interpret. My body felt as if it had been crushed in a vise.
I headed to the bathroom for a shower. The lukewarm spray brought slight relief. I stretched my tired back under it until the water became a cold trickle. Then I wrapped myself in a towel and climbed into bed.
But the weight of the covers suffocated me – like a man already dead and in the grave. I’d start drifting off to sleep, then jerk back awake. After a couple of miserable hours, I got up and went to the living room. The apartment was frigid as a meat locker, so I dressed in my jeans and Cheju Do sweater. 
Cats howled outside. I opened a can of tamales and ate them cold. I played more music. Curfew hour arrived. 
Through the sliding glass doors to my balcony, the latest episode of the insurrection began to play out. People were gathering in the large vacant lot across the street. I’d never seen such a thing before. Most of the demonstrations erupted on the north side of town, toward the bazaar. The chaos was spreading, as Jon had said.
I crept to the glass and eased it open, careful to conceal myself behind the curtain. The lot was filling rapidly with Iranian men. Young boys poured gasoline into bottles for Molotov cocktails. 
They’ve got plenty of fuel for that, I thought bitterly. 
More protesters came and arrayed themselves around the leaders. Some were wrapped in burial shrouds – ready to sacrifice themselves for the revolution. They moved en masse to the main street.
My lights suddenly went out, and the record player dragged to a stop. I spun around, panic gripping me. My familiar apartment had become a darkened chamber of mystery. I heard gunfire in the distance, then closer in. Bullets ricocheted off  my building. People were being shot right out in the street!
“Jesus!”
I hit the deck just as a stray bullet punched through the glass door, embedding itself in the ceiling. Deafening volleys of rifle fire rattled the world, followed immediately by the defiant roar of the crowd: 
“Allah u Akbar!” 
Fires and bursting star shells filled the room with sick, red light, creating grotesque shadows on the walls. More gunfire and chanting. Time dragged past as I clung to the floor, crawling as far from the windows as possible. Finally, I stood up again and peered outside. For a mad second, I wouldn’t have minded getting shot. 
The main demonstration had moved off, leaving a few inert figures sprawled on the pavement. The shooting and the chanting dropped off into an ominous lull. 
Women somewhere in the neighborhood wailed with grief. The air carried the stench of explosives and blood. I lit a candle – like at a Catholic church, a remembrance for the dead. Then a group of demonstrators surged down the kuche, right below my window. 
“Allah u Akbar!” They shouted. “Javid Khomeini!”
People yelled encouragement from their windows. I heard the Iranians in the second-floor apartment calling out. Were they tipping off the rioters about the American upstairs? 
The mob passed, and for a moment I thought I was safe. Then I heard it – somebody forcing open the street door, feet pounding up the stairs. They were coming for me.
Oddly, I felt no fear. Just a strange objective interest, as if I was only a spectator. I thought of Mom, could almost see her face hovering before me. This was going to be really hard on her. I moved to the center of the room and waited for the door to burst open. Whatever happened, they would not find me cowering. 
A heavy pounding. 
“Lakatos!” somebody called. “Open up!”
“W-what?” I said.
“Hurry, let us in!”
As if in a dream, I lurched toward the door and unlocked it. Two men in white outfits rushed in and pushed the door shut behind them. 
They’re finally here, I thought, the men from the loony bin! I looked for a straitjacket, but they didn’t have one.
“Who are you guys?” I managed to say.
“Corporate Security,” one man said. “Come with us.”
Now that my initial shock had abated slightly, I recognized him as my interrogator from earlier today. His granite face was even more harsh in the flickering candle light.
“What’s going on?” I said.
“The Iranian cops are after you,” the second guy said. “They could be hear any time.”
“Why?” I said.
“The Glass disappearance.”
“They can’t think I was responsible!”
“You want to rot in jail while they investigate?” he snapped. “We can’t help you there. Now come on!”
They’d already opened the door again and had shoved me half way out. I grabbed my camera bag off the side table and followed them down the stairs. 
An ambulance sat at the curb around the corner, engine idling. Its Iranian driver looked anxiously out the window as we approached. I’d seen this vehicle before, the corporate ambulance, usually parked at our health clinic. The men in white threw me onto the stretcher in back and covered me up. 
“Make like you’re unconscious,” one of them said.
Granite face stayed with me, while the other guy sat up front with the driver. I lay still, clutching Jewel Eye like a Teddy bear. We started moving. The vehicle glided along with incredible smoothness, even more so than the big Lincoln I once drove back home. 
The good old days! I’d have given anything to be back working for Valley Oaks at that moment.
Soldiers stopped us once and talked with the driver in Farsi. The security man gripped my arm hard and held a finger to his lips. His hand felt strong enough to snap my arm like kindling. Gunfire crackled nearby. 
Then we were outside the city and the ambulance pulled over. Another driver waited in a car. The security men changed out of their white uniforms. We all piled into the sedan with me sandwiched in back between the muscle.
“Where are you taking me?” I asked.
“To the first plane out of Iran.” 
We drove silently through the darkness, arriving at Mehrabad Airport in the early morning. 
The place was an absolute madhouse, much worse than when I’d come with Bob. Frightened people desperate to get out of the country filled every square inch. My escorts bulled me through the crowd and onto airliner. Only then did their hard professionalism lessen a bit.
“Good luck, Tyler!” one said.
“I wish it was me getting on that plane,” the other said. 
They shoved a manila envelope into my hands. Then they were gone. 
I walked down the aisle of the giant airplane in a daze. Anxious people filled every seat. For a moment my claustrophobia kicked in and I wanted to get off. No way! Nothing less than a nuclear blast would get me off this plane.
I flopped into an aisle seat near the back. Soon the plane started rolling. From my position, I could not see outside the window without craning my neck. I made no effort to do so. We accelerated down the runway and departed.
A middle-aged man dressed in tweed sat beside me, kind of like my philosophy professor back in college. He was looking at me a bit askance. Even among so many frazzled people, I must have appeared especially awful.
“Excuse me,” I said, “do you happen to know where we are going?”
His eyebrows shot up in astonishment. 
“Why, Bombay, India,” he replied in a French accent.
“Really?” I said. “That’s ... fine.”
I fumbled open the envelope. Inside were connecting flight tickets to the States, my passport, and a supply of American cash. The beverage cart wheeled up.
“Do you like scotch?” the Frenchman asked.
“Yeah.” 
“A double scotch with ice, please.” He pressed a bill on the stewardess. “For my young friend here.”
“Thanks!” I said.
“You look like you need it.”




Nine: Home Again


Chapter 62: Escape to the East
Even a bad ending is better than no ending at all. – Mrs. van Daan, speaking in Diary of a Young Girl, by Anne Frank

I arrived at Bombay airport after a routine flight. No turbulence or air sickness, no sudden insights as to what everything meant – just stunned relief. I felt as if I’d been knocked cold in one reality and revived in another. 
Hours earlier, I’d been a foreign pariah adrift in a revolutionary winter, now I was in hot Bombay, shuffling off the plane in my grungy clothes like some indigent tourist. Having no baggage to claim, I disentangled myself quickly from the flight crowd and headed for a telephone. After a certain amount of hassle, I managed to place a call home.
“No one is available now,” Mom’s voice said on the answering machine. “Please leave a message.”
Beep!
I was a bit surprised. Always before, Ed’s voice had been in the recorded greeting. 
“Hello!” I said. “This is Tyler calling from Bombay, India. Well, I got out of Iran okay ... I’ll be in touch. Bye.” I hung up the phone. 
Three options presented themselves:
1) Wait five hours and catch my connecting flight to the States. 2) Remain in India for a while. 3) Go someplace else.
My exhausted brain wasn’t working well, and thoughts did not come easily in the terminal confines. A stroll was what I needed.  I stepped outside into air so humid that you could practically swim in it. 
A filthy canal sprawled between the airport and the nearby town area. Numerous poverty-stricken dwellings sat upon the banks, ramshackle affairs built from scrap materials. I had never seen such squalor. Excrement covered the ground by the houses, combining its stench with that of the fetid canal water. Dark, gaunt people crept about like ungainly insects. 
I was profoundly shocked. At least this harsh vista served to clarify matters. Compared to such misery, my anxieties seemed absurd – hilarious almost. I hurried across the bridge.
 The town was bustling and crowded. I wandered around the commercial streets, letting the pedestrian flow determine my route. A vendor was selling betel nut chew in a selection of flavors, guaranteed to provide a mild rush. I bought the anise-flavored variety. 
Standing on a corner under a bit of awning shade, baking inside my sweater, I contemplated my options. India stretched around me, vast, hot, and complex. Even at my most alert, a trip through this country would be a huge undertaking. In my present state of semi-collapse such an effort was out of the question. 
I headed back to the airport, shutting out the horrid canal bank scene as much as possible and spitting my exhausted betel nut into the water. No, I couldn’t stay in India, but I was in no condition to return home yet, either. What I needed now was a friend who could understand what I had been through. I needed to see Bob West. 
Fortunately, I had his phone number in my wallet, and I was able to get a call through to him.
***
I arrived in Bangkok late afternoon and rode a bus toward Bob’s house. The city was wonderfully bright, with palm trees rustling along the road sides – an incredible contrast to the Iranian winter I’d just escaped. Some of my paranoia started to ebb. 
Bob’s house was modern and airy, in keeping with the general optimism of Bangkok. Bob greeted me warmly. He’d managed to keep off much of the weight he’d lost, and he was nicely tanned. His face, liberated from its burden of flab, was actually rather handsome. His eyes regarded me with sadness.
“You look great, Bob,” I said.
He placed an arm over my shoulder. “I wish I could say the same about you, pal. Thank God you’re out of that place!”
Standing beside this rejuvenated guy, I felt like a withered old man. The Iranian winter had penetrated so deeply that I didn’t know if I could ever warm it out again. Bob attempted to inject some levity.
“I know you like to travel light.” He indicated my camera case. “But this is ridiculous.”
I enjoyed a long and luxurious shower, washing away layers of desert grime. Bob found some clothes for me. 
“Burn that outfit you came in, eh?” he said.
“I will,” I said, “except for the Cheju Do sweater.”
The clothes didn’t fit well, but were a lot better than the sari I’d had to wear in Mindanao. I sprawled out by the TV with a Coke. The news blared reports from Tehran – rampaging mobs, gunfire, mayhem. Then the scene shifted to the frantic crowds besieging Mehrabad Airport. Bob switched off the TV. 
“Enough of that crap,” he said. “It’s all in the past.”
“Not for the people back there, it isn’t,” I said. 
“God help them,” Bob said. 
Then, as was his style, he turned his mind to more pleasant things. 
“Let’s get circulating, eh Tyler!”
We enjoyed a fine restaurant dinner. I’d been on starvation rations so long that I hardly realized how famished I’d become. Long dormant taste buds flickered back to life. Bob ate quietly, glancing my direction now and then. When I’d look up, he’d mask his troubled expression with a smile. 
Finally, I settled back, satiated. The Thai food I’d consumed sat tentatively on my stomach, trying to decided if it was going to cause problems or not. Bob ventured some conversation. 
“So, what are your plans, Tyler?”
I shook my head. “I haven’t any idea, yet.” 
“If you want to stay in Bangkok, I can find out about English teaching jobs for you,” Bob said. “The market is fairly good right now.”
I took a long draught of tea. “Let met think about that, Bob. I’ll let you know soon.”
Still thirsty, I ordered a Coke. Bob got one, too. While we drank, I related the story of my final days in Iran. Bob’s eyes widened as my narrative progressed.
“Damn!” he said. “I figured Jon would do something crazy sooner or later. You’re lucky you’re not in prison.”
“Tell me about it,” I said, unable to suppress a shudder.
Bob regarded his empty Coke bottle. “You know what, Tyler. I think we need something stronger than this.”
We headed to the Pat Pong district and entered one of the bars. I recognized it as the same one we had patronized on our trip last year. A pretty bar girl detached herself from the group of foreigners she’d been sitting with and came to our table.
“Bobby!” she cried. “You come back!”
She flung her arms around Bob’s neck and kissed his cheek.
“Of course I came back, Rosie. Didn’t I say so?”
She glanced my way, looked startled for a moment, then smiled. 
“Who your friend, Bobby?” 
“This is Tyler,” Bob said.
She shook my hand. “Glad to meet you, Tyler.”
The formal gesture seemed out of place in the atmosphere of raucous music, booze, and hedonism. Rosie herself appeared out of place. She was impossibly sweet, as if she’d just fallen out of her mother’s arms. She must have just recently come from the countryside and had not yet attained a hard edge.
“I be right back.” She scurried off.
“What do you think of her?” Bob asked.
“Sweet, with a capital S,” I said. “So, it’s Bobby now, huh?”
“Yeah. I used to hate that name, but anything she wants to call me is just fine.”
Rosie came back with a second girl for me. I ordered drinks all around. 
Bob raised his glass. “Viva Khomeini!” 
“Right,” I said without enthusiasm.
My girl was beautiful. After the long dry spell of Iran, I scarcely remembered that such creatures existed. Her smile was strictly professional, though. To her, I was just another trick. Bob and Rosie were off in their own little world, sitting with faces close together, laughing, sipping from each other’s drinks – like two giggly adolescents.  
Bob pulled himself away long enough to comment, “My entire life was on hold until I got here, Tyler.”
My girl checked her makeup in a small hand-held mirror. I caught a glimpse of myself and was shocked at the gray, haggard face looking back. 


Chapter 63: Northward
After two days of Bangkok R&R, I felt like a new man – at least compared to the reprobate who had stumbled off the airliner. But as my physical condition improved, my mental state evolved into something weird. I became restless and discontented. The great city around me seemed too confining. 
I considered returning to the beaches at Phuket, but the thought of so much idleness irritated me. I needed action to settle my disordered emotions, movement across great distances, like the time I’d gone sky diving in Rosewood. 
“I’d like to head north tomorrow,” I told Bob. 
He looked up from his sofa, “Where, exactly?” 
“I thought Chiang Rai,” I said. “Go hiking.”
“That’s the Golden Triangle, where they grow the opium poppies,” Bob said. “Things can get dicey up there.”
I shrugged. “There are supposed to be interesting hill tribes.”
“Yeah,” Bob said, “interesting drug runners, too. Cross them and you’re in deep shit.”
“I don’t intend to cross anybody,” I said.
“It can get pretty dangerous,” Bob shot back. “You could meet somebody willing to cut your throat for your passport or that fancy camera.”
I shrugged again.
Bob got to his feet. “Didn’t you have enough excitement in Iran?”
“Come on Bob, you’re exaggerating,” I said. “People hike up there all the time.”
“You never hear about the ones who get in trouble,” Bob said. “Just recently, this couple back in the States got a call from the US embassy here. ‘Your son died while smuggling drugs,’ the embassy said. ‘We’ll ship you the body.’”
“Wow, that’s cold,” I said. 
“Yeah,” Bob said. “And the next day their son, who wasn’t dead after all, calls home requesting money. ‘Why’s everybody so upset?’ he wonders, ‘Did I ask for too much?’”
“How does the corpse fit in?” I asked.
“Drug smugglers had stolen their son’s passport,” Bob said. “The guy using his identity swallowed some condoms filled with heroin so that he could sneak through customs. One of the condoms broke, and he OD’d.”
“Sounds like those cheap Korean things,” I said. “Imagine the rush to call back the embassy!”
I held an imaginary telephone to my ear.
“Hello, American Embassy?” I said. “Remember that body you were going to send us? We won’t be needing it now.”
Bob frowned. He was trying to give serious advice, and I was being a jerk. I couldn’t help myself. I drummed my fingers on the chair arm.
Bob threw up his hands. “Go if you want, but stick to the more traveled routes, okay?” 
“Will do,” I said.
“I’ll make some inquiries,” Bob said, “so let me know when you when get back if you’re interested in a job.”
“Thanks,” I said.
The next day I commenced a long bus ride to the far northern corner of Thailand, up between the Burmese and Laotian borders. I got off in Chiang Rai and checked into a small hotel. The manager, a rather formal middle-aged guy, smiled from behind his tinted glasses and pushed the register book toward me. I wrote my information down, then flipped through the pages looking for ... 
“Is something wrong?” the manager asked in decent English.
“Uh, no, everything’s fine,” I said.
Jon Glass. That’s who I was looking for – his signature or Korean motto. I found nothing.
A placard on the wall read: Visit the hill tribes. Don’t miss this chance! You many never pass this way again.
How true. I couldn’t imagine ever coming back to this place. Then again, I’d never imagined being in the middle of a revolution, either. I pointed to the sign. 
“Are you interested?” the manager asked.
“Yeah.”
He pushed another book across the counter which contained testimonials from foreign tourists. Most of the travelers had spent one, or at most two, nights at a tribal village. They raved about the experience – what a satisfying cross-cultural thing it had been, etc.
“The overnight trip to the Black Lahu village is very popular,” the manager said. “Not too far, beautiful scenery.”
“I want something longer,” I said. “A week, at least, with lots of hiking.”
The manager frowned slightly. “That would be more difficult to arrange.”
I went up to my room, a minimalist place with rock hard bed, dingy paint, and a trio of insect-devouring lizards on the walls. I opened the window. In a repair shop across the street, a motorcycle engine roared incredibly loud, belching blue fumes into the street. An unwholesome burnt smell wafted up to my room.
After a shower and a shave in the Spartan bathroom, I lay down for a rest. The motorcycle racket had ceased, so the mechanics must have either fixed the damn thing or put it out of its misery. 
Lying on my back, observing a lizard creep along the ceiling, I began to experience claustrophobic paranoia. The horrid thought that I could never again leave this room gripped my mind. The lizard’s tongue darted out and grabbed an insect. I flinched.
Relax, Tyler, I thought. You’ve just escaped from Iran. If you weren’t paranoid after that experience, it would prove that you’d really gone off the deep end. Right?
There was a certain logic to this, and I felt a little better. But then another frightening thought occurred. I was preparing to disappear into the wilderness with God knew what kind of person for a guide. Nobody would know where I was – except that spooky manager guy, maybe. 
I recalled Bob’s warnings, felt the sharp steel at my throat as somebody yanked Jewel Eye from my dying hands. I saw faces thrusting out of the darkness, like the soldiers’ faces at the Afghan check points, only filled with murderous intent. Cold sweat broke out on my forehead. 
Why not chuck this absurd plan and take the touristy overnight trek instead? I headed downstairs. A young boy stood behind the counter.
“Where’s the manager?” I asked.
The boy apparently did not understand. I made circles with thumbs and forefingers and placed them around my eyes, miming the manager’s big glasses.
“Yes, yes!”  
He led me to the café next door. The manager was sitting at a table with a large bottle of beer and a half-filled glass. He looked coldly elegant and relaxed, like that Mr. Han villain in Enter the Dragon.
“Please sit down, Mr. Lakatos,” he said.
He snatched up another glass and filled it. “Have you tried out local brand?”
It was quite good, if a bit warm.
“I wanted to talk about the hiking trip,” I said.
“Yes, good news!” the manager replied. “I have arranged a guide for you. A vigorous young man, like yourself. He can take you far!”
He leaned back in his chair, laughing softly. His front teeth were golded in, enhancing the creepy effect of his tinted glasses. No, not Mr. Han so much – he looked more like Reverend Jim Jones with those glasses.
“That’s ... good.” I studied my beer glass.
“He is available for eight day excursion,” the manager said. “You will see much more than the usual traveler.”
“Eight days?” I said. “That’s a bit long, isn’t it?”
The manager’s joviality instantaneously vanished. He leaned forward. 
“You did say at least a week?”
“Yes.”
He settled back and folded his arms. “The guide is available for eight days only, no more and no less.”
Too late to back out, I realized. Best to avoid business disagreements while in foreign countries. Remember the Filipino guy with the chopped arm.  
“Fine,” I said.
That night, turning fretfully in my miserable little bed, I was transported back to Iran in my dreams. I heard again the chanting mobs outside my apartment window, the pounding footsteps on the stairs. But when I opened the door, instead of security men, an enraged mob clad in burial shrouds awaited, knives flashing. 
Later, I returned to the canyon where I called into a black, swirling void: “Come back, Jon! Come baaaaaack!”
I wrenched awake covered in dank sweat. The night terrors had come at last, and if I didn’t fight them, they would take over my life. Action was what I needed – great physical exertion and tiredness – until I was strong enough to cope with the shocks I’d received in the waking world.
And physical exertion is just what I got. 


Chapter 64: Final Search
My guide had ornate tattoos on his arms and torso along with sharpened canine teeth. His appearance startled me at first, but he seemed personable enough. Best of all, he spoke no English. I had no desire to speak with anyone. 
We trekked the forested hills together, spending each night in a different village. Every settlement was ethnically different: the Red Lahu, the Black Lahu, the Karin, and other tribes. I scarcely knew which was which and did not care. Things just blended together from one day to the next. 
The scenery was lush, a jarring contrast to the bleak Iranian desert. But the beauty made little impression on me. It was the dash along narrow trails that I wanted. Up, down, then up again, shoving aside the greenery, scarcely pausing to rest. My guide’s speed and endurance were great, but I managed to keep up, refusing to let him slacken the pace. 
At the end of each day, I collapsed into a dreamless sleep. The villages where we stayed were clean and pleasant, for the most part. The people wore attractive native clothes. This could have been a real National Geographic experience, but all I wanted to do was keep moving. And in every village, around every mountain bend, I looked for signs – a cryptic inscription, a flash of recognition in somebody’s eyes. I never found any. 
Late in the afternoons, as exhaustion weighed heavily upon the trek, I’d imagine that it was Julie leading the way instead of the guide. As my eyes misted over, I’d visualize her beautiful shape ahead on the trail, beckoning me on. 
Would she ever really be there for me again?
One village was appallingly filthy. Large amounts of pig manure littered the ground, along with sundry other droppings. Bedraggled children roamed about. In the hut where I stayed, an old man sprawled on the floor mats smoking an opium pipe, observing me with a runny eye. The burnt corn smell of the bubbling opium lent a sinister aura to the place. But even here, I kept the night terrors at bay.
It wasn’t until the sixth day that the realization struck me. I stopped cold, letting my guide surge on alone. Here I was, in the remotest possible location, chasing after Jon all day. And at night I was trying to hide from him. But none of this was necessary. 
I didn’t have to chase Jon anymore, because I’d already caught him back in Iran.
What would I have done if I hadn’t surpassed him in that race across the desert – just kept following, right into the storm? I shuddered, recognizing the distinct possibility of that. 
But I’d passed the test, and here I was.
“Slow down!” I called to my guide. “What’s the big hurry?”
He caught my drift across the language barrier, and our trek became leisurely.
Things had happened so fast in Iran that I’d had no time to ponder my victory. I now knew that, if absolutely pressed to the edge, I could match Jon. I also knew that I did not want to live out on that edge like he did.
The final day we crossed a river in a little pole-driven ferry. After enjoying a soft drink with me, my guide bid farewell and vanished. Back in Bangkok I treated myself to a night at a tourist hotel. Then, with considerable trepidation, I put through a call to Julie. 
How was she going to react, I wondered. I’d essentially dumped her twice – once when I’d left for Iran and again when I’d stopped writing. Would she even talk to me? Would she take only enough time to scream some insults before hanging up? 
As I waited for the international operator to perform her magic, I braced myself for the worst. Somewhere, along the tangle of connections between Asia and America, my call was grinding its way through. 
“Tyler!” Julie cried the moment she heard my voice. “Thank God you’re safe! When are you coming home?”


Chapter 65: Melancholy Farewell
“If a hustler goes for you, she ain’t got but one reason ... she likes you.” – Mac, speaking in Sweet Thursday, by John Steinbeck

The situation at Bob’s place had changed greatly when I returned. Rosie had quit the bar and moved in with him. The house now reflected a woman’s touch, and the disheveled bachelor atmosphere had departed. Bob could barely contain his excitement. 
“Do you think we can make a go of it, Tyler?” he said.
“I don’t see why not,” I said. “Best of luck, you certainly deserve it.”
That night I treated us all to a fancy tourist hotel dinner, and the next day I caught my plane to Korea. Bob saw me off at the airport.
“Looks like this is the end of DAS ROAD,” I said. 
“For me at least,” Bob said, “maybe there’s still a chapter left for you.”
He handed me a large brown envelope. His manner was hesitant, almost apologetic. 
“Here’s a photocopy,” he said. “Maybe you’ll want to read it some day ... to remember the old times.”
“Thanks, Bob.” 
I felt greatly honored, like I’d just been handled a medal. The silence became sad and awkward.
“Well, the ‘real time’ must be here now instead of Michigan, right?” I said.
Bob laughed. We shook hands. I got on the plane, and a strong cord connecting me to my previous life snapped for good.
Not much to say about my farewell visit to Korea. The time for Oori Nara was past, and it wasn’t home anymore. I was forgetting the language and had no particular desire to speak it, anyway. 
Mostly I hung around Choon Chun. The blind beggar man was still playing his flute in the market place, led by the same girl. She was much bigger now.
In an act symbolizing my estrangement from the old Korea, I actually patronized a GI bar one night. A semi-circle of black GIs were partying out on the dance floor. Bar girls circulated around them. The white soldiers drank together at tables, some with girls, others in stag groups. 
I had the impression that an uneasy truce prevailed but that it could shatter any moment once the alcohol level got high enough to unleash animosities.
A white GI approached my table and spoke in a slurred voice. “You don’t look like you’re in the army!” 
The guy had a Southern accent and was talking louder than necessary to override the music. My mind flashed back to the jerks I’d met in the bar back home – the ones with the Nazi attitudes and the Confederate flags on their shirts. 
“No, I’m just a visitor,” I said.
I kept a smile on my face but was thinking: Uh oh, the fight’s about to start – me against the whole bar. 
He was friendly, though, just a bit drunk. We sat a while talking. He seemed impossibly young, on a par with the Iranian cadets in Esfahan. I felt like some wise old uncle in comparison. Maybe that’s why he chose my table. 
He spoke of his frustrations, homesickness, and uncertainty about the future. A lonely young man far from home, as I had been. He gestured toward the black GIs on the dance floor.
“Most of them are okay,” he said, “though there are a few ass holes.”
I shrugged. “Everything is like that.”
He nodded agreement and took a slug of beer. 
“So tell me,” he said, “if you saw two people drowning, one white and one black, and you could only save one, which would it be?”
“That’s not enough information,” I said.
“How so?”
“Well,” I explained, “suppose it’s a choice between some white guy and a sharp looking black woman. In that case, consider the white guy drowned.”
He laughed. “Okay, how about if they were both good looking women? Which would you save then?”
The world sure is the same everywhere, I thought. Always the big concern is Us and Them – find the differences between people where hatred can fester, and to hell with our common humanity. 
The mistreatment of the little mixed-race boy in the tabang, people firebombed out of their homes in Esfahan because they were foreign “infidels,” the miserable outcasts near the Bombay airport – and now back to typical American racial animosities.
“Well?” the young G.I. said.
“I’d try to rescue both,” I said. “And if I couldn’t, at least I’d die happy trying.”
The black GIs vacated the dance floor. Other soldiers got up from their tables, and the room went into a general state of flux. 
Wishing my youthful acquaintance good luck, I left the bar.
Outside was depressing winter. I pulled up my collar and shouldered my way through the snowflakes. I felt like some superannuated insect that had survived beyond its natural time and was still fluttering around when it should have long since departed. 
Two days later I caught a plane back to the U.S.


Chapter 66: Homecoming
I’m a human being, and a human being is a vulnerable creature who cannot possibly be perfect. – Karate, My Way of Life, by Shoto Funakoshi

I hung around Los Angeles a couple of days sightseeing. Disneyland was nice, but after experiencing Iran, I could not be impressed by any make-believe place. At night, on my hotel room TV, I watched the death throes of the Shah’s regime – escalating violence, Khomeini’s grim reaper visage spewing hatred. I felt an almost unbearable sadness. I called Mom and got a double earful of news. 
She’d filed for divorce! 
I could hardly believe it, but it had to be true. Things were finally changing for the better. The last straw came when she’d discovered that Ed had a girlfriend – a.k.a. “that slut.” Apparently he’d not spent all those extra hours away from home working at the hardware store, but had been getting his tool sharpened someplace else.
I was speechless with joy.
“Tyler? Are you there?” Mom said.
“Yes, Mom.”
“You’re awful quiet,” she said. “Are you angry?”
Angry? I wanted to find “that slut” and give her a big kiss! 
Then came the sad news. Grandfather Alois had been ecstatic when he’d learned of my escape from Iran. 
“Wonderful!” he’d said. “I can die happy now.” 
The next morning, he was found deceased in his bed with a serene little smile on his face. Perhaps Grandma Margit had come back for him after all.
Mom and Julie gave me a joyous welcome at the airport.
“Just think, Tyler,” Julie said, “everything that’s happened has brought you right back to me!”
She was so lovely that I couldn’t believe I’d actually left her behind. Speaking of her behind, it was even more fabulous than I’d remembered.
The next week, after shopping for an engagement ring, Julie and I visited Grandfather Alois’ grave at Valley Oaks Cemetery. While I’d been in Iran, he’d purchased a double plot and relocated Grandma’s remains. I wondered if Frank Mead had handled the transaction.
I could just hear Grandpa saying: “Cut the razzmatazz, young man!” 
So, this benevolent figure who had watched out for me my entire life had finally moved on. I was glad that I’d sent him so many pictures. I’d felt as if I were carrying Grandpa’s youth in my camera as I traversed the foreign lands. Dozens of my photographs were spread on his coffee table when they came to take him away.
I brushed a tear from my eye and tried to direct my thoughts toward happier things. For the first time in my life, I felt prosperous. My Iran savings, plus my inheritance from Grandpa, came to a tidy amount. At the jewelry stores today, I’d refused to consider any diamond under a full carat. Two carats would be better.
But Julie, always the practical one, said that she’d like to wear her Grandmother’s beautiful diamond. She’d let me pay for a resetting, though. Later, when I was rich and successful, I could splurge on the big gem I wanted for her.
The weather was cold, crisp, and exceedingly bright. A modest breeze rattled the bare sapling limbs. My grandparents’ bronze marker, set flush in the frosty ground, gleamed at me new and polished in the afternoon sun. 
Entwined roses decorated the edges, and LAKATOS dominated the top margin in shining capital letters. Below the family name were embossed Margit Anna on one side and Alois Istvan on the other. The words “Together Forever” appeared along the lower edge. 
“Isn’t that romantic?” Julie said.
“Yes ...” 
I wanted to say something romantic, but unease was creeping into my heart. I glanced around the barren landscape. This was what everything came to? Grandpa was one of the finest people I’d even known, but he’d moved out of this world leaving only this burial marker behind. 
Was that my fate, as well – my path through life to vanish like our footprints on the frosty grass?
Julie nestled against me, and I slipped an arm around her waist. Beneath the winter coat, her body pulsed with sexual vitality. My arm fit perfectly, as if it were custom made to encircle her. I kissed her lightly, intoxicated by her scent. I glanced back down at the grave marker and jerked with surprise.
“Tyler, what’s wrong?” Julie said.
For an instant, there in the blinding reflection of the bronze, I’d seen a message on the grave stone. 
It read: “Keep going boy!” 
Then it was gone, and the Together Forever inscription reappeared.
On the gravel lane, just beyond catching, a lone figure moved rapidly away – jacket collar drawn up against the cold and a puffy green hat pulled low, obscuring his features.



THE END


Connect with the Author
Thanks for reading. I hope you enjoyed the story. Please visit my website at:  “The B2”


Robot Horizon Series
Please check out my Robot Horizon series for an exiting read about the post apocalypse and its non-human survivors. The end of the world sure isn’t what it used to be.
