ASCENDANT
Episode I: ORIGINS

BY
RICHARD DENONCOURT


Copyright © 2013 Richard Denoncourt
Self Land Publishing
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved.


Content Edit: Kara Amie
Copy Edit: Shelley Holloway, hollowayhouse.me


Ascendant is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Join the author’s “Rewards” mailing list and receive OUTBREAK for free. Subscribers will also get a free copy of FERAL, Book 2 of Luminether, when it comes out in Summer of 2015.

Click here (or click the covers below) to sign up!
 


ALSO BY RICHARD DENONCOURT

TRAINLAND
OUTBREAK
SAVANT

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Chapter 0
Episode I: Origins
About the Author

“The mind is its own place, and of itself can make a heaven of Hell, a hell of Heaven.”

- Paradise Lost
Milton


Chapter 0

“Open your eyes, T1-07, or I’ll press the button.”
The boy squeezes his eyes shut, despite the warning from the stern, disembodied voice behind the speakers. The straps holding him to the chair are itchy against his forehead, tight around his arms and legs. The one against his abdomen makes his bladder burn with the urge to pee. 
The voice, as always, sounds perfectly calm.
“I don’t want to have to tell you again. Want me to press the button?”
The boy tries to shake his head but can’t because of the strap. His eyes remain shut. If he has to look at the scared man situated across from him again, he will pee himself, and then the whitecoats will frown at him and shake their heads.
“All right, I’m going to press the button.”
“No!” 
The boy opens his eyes, but it’s too late. The chair makes a low buzz as it stings him. He shrieks, and his fingers involuntarily bend like claws. The pain burns his insides and rattles his bones, but the worst happens between his legs, where it feels as though he’s been kicked.
“Make it stop! I’m sorry!”
The buzzing stops, along with the stinging. Sobbing now, the boy realizes he no longer has to pee. He sees why when he looks down. There’s a dark stain on his pants. His thighs warm from the spreading liquid.
“Now, look at the man in the chair, T1-07,” the calm voice says.

The alarm wailed beneath a sky riddled with stars.
Claudia Cairne tightened her grip on her unconscious son, hurrying through a forest that stretched away from the base of the mountain. She had been running for at least twenty minutes, and the rocky terrain had reduced her feet to bloody, throbbing stumps of pain. Her son’s weight tore at the muscles of her shoulders, despite his alarming skinniness.
Her physicality was a joke, but a lifetime spent in the cramped confines of a government research facility buried in the mountains could do that to a person; weaken one’s body until it was useless for anything other than digesting liquid food, shuffling back and forth across white-walled rooms, and sleeping. 
And, in her case, bearing bastard children to be used as lab rats.
“You’re free, Michael,” she told her son between breaths. “We’re out of there. Do you hear me? We’re free.”
It was too dark to see the boy’s face, but she felt him stir for a few moments before going still again. The sedative had been just right; he would sleep for a few hours more.
“It’ll be okay, Michael.”
She ran for minutes that felt like hours. The forest was dark, the air freezing, numbing her toes and fingers and chipping away at her strength. So chilly for a spring night. Maybe the world had grown colder while she’d been entombed in that hellhole.
The rhythmic roar of the alarm dipped, and Claudia heard a new sound.
Dogs barking.
There was no way she could outrun the dogs.

T1-07 knows what the voice wants him to do, but no one has ever explained why he has to be the one to do it. Why not one of the other boys? Or one of the girls he sometimes saw through the hallway windows, playing with their silly dolls in their frilly, pink-walled rooms? 
Because he’s different, that’s why. He’s a freak.
He studies the scared-looking man across from him, who is being held by straps against a tall, shiny mat almost like a bed. A standing one, though, not a lying-down one. 
T1-07 knows what to do because he has done it before; though, last time, the man (a different one, with gray hair and a wrinkled face) started shaking and bubbling spit before T1-07 could finish. The whitecoats had been forced to come in and stick a needle into the old man’s neck to calm him down. He must have been no good after that, because the whitecoats took him away, and the boy never saw him again.
This one is much younger, with black hair and a small voice. He’s crying.
“I want to go home,” the man says. “I want my mother!”
“You can help him feel better, T1-07,” the calm voice says over the speakers. “Tell him home doesn’t exist. Tell him his mother doesn’t exist. Convince him.”
“But why?”
“Because if you don’t, I’ll press the button.”
The man strapped to the bed gives the boy a pleading look, as if he thinks the boy might disobey the voice over the speakers. But the man doesn’t understand; he has never felt the button.
“T1-07, I’m waiting. Don’t make me press the button again.”
The boy stiffens with a whimper. But he has done this before! All he has to do is say the words the way they taught him, while imagining the hum and the dancing string.
He begins, but it’s all wrong. 
“Your mommy doesn’t ex—”
“No! No!” the scared man says, silencing the boy. “She’s home! I need to see her! I need to go home to my family! Please, they don’t know where I am!”
He is screaming so loudly, his panic infects the boy and makes him tremble.
“You’ll have to do better, T1-07. Or I’ll press the button.”
“I know. I heard you the first time.” 
T1-07 has a right to be angry, at least in his opinion. His urine-soaked pants have gone cold, and the liquid stings his thighs. 
He has done this before, and if he could only concentrate and do it again, the voice and the whitecoats will let him go back to the nurses, who are nice to him.
He makes the hum and tries to see the dancing string in the man’s forehead. His voice comes out slow and measured, powered by the hum, like he was taught.
“Your home isn’t real.”
Almost…
“Let me out of here,” the man says, and the boy tries not to listen.
The hum intensifies. Finally, the string appears—a ghostly, wriggling thing the whitecoats call a “visualization.”
“Your home isn’t real,” T1-07 says.
The string vibrates into a blur. Pain spikes in the boy’s head.
Why is it so difficult? Why can’t he hold it?
“You’re losing it,” says the calm voice.
The boy tries again. “Your mommy isn’t real.”
“You don’t know what you’re talking about,” the man shouts at him. “Her name is Sarah! She’s real!”
“Tell him to shut up, T1-07. He’s distracting you.”
“Shut up,” the boy says.
(Anything to avoid the button.)
The hum in his mind rises again, louder this time. Electric.
“Your home isn’t real. Your mommy isn’t real.”
“No, you’re lying! You’re a spiteful liar!” The man is losing his mind, bearing his teeth and sobbing. “You don’t know anything!”
The calm voice interjects. “We’ll use the button, T1—”
“I know!”
“You have to try harder.”
“I know,” the boy screams. “I’m not stupid! Just shut up! EVERYBODY JUST—SHUT—UP!”

Claudia arrived on time, a blessing considering the ravaged state of her feet. She had been lucky with the weather, the moonlight—with everything so far.
Except for the van.
It was missing.
“Hello?” Claudia shouted over the alarm, turning frantically to examine the shadows. “Hello? Are you there?”
Had they been arrested? Or had they abandoned her?
“Please,” she said, on the verge of sobbing. “Oh God, please, where are you?”
“Over here.”
Claudia spun toward the voice. The darkness shifted, and a shadow began to move toward her, crunching twigs. Claudia stepped back.
“Copernicus?” she said.
The man became visible in a patch of moonlight. Dressed in browns, he was thin and pudgy and wore squarish glasses fogged with moisture. Not at all what she had imagined a leader of a rebel faction to look like.
“Athena,” he said. “You made it. Here, let me carry him.”
“No! I’ve got him.”
The man hesitated. Claudia feared he might turn away.
Instead, Copernicus smiled and said, “Motherly instincts. I get it. Follow me, then.”
He turned without another word. Claudia limped after him.
The van was only a few yards away, parked behind a tree grove. It had been painted a dark shade of green to blend in with the forest. When they arrived at the back doors, Copernicus knocked six times, rapidly. Something clicked inside.
“What’s your real name?” he asked her, throwing the doors open.
“Claudia Cairne. And you?”
“Gone,” he said. “I erased it. Someday, you’ll do the same, trust me.”
There was only darkness inside the van. Then a lighter clicked, its tiny flame revealing two homely women wearing black turtleneck sweaters and pants. They looked enough alike to be sisters, though one was wider of frame and blinked nervously while the other was narrow and calm. Assault rifles hung from straps around their shoulders.
“Mary Tudor,” the calm one said.
The other one blinked three times, a facial tic. It was hard to hear her voice over the alarm. “I’m Joan—J-Joan of Arc. We spoke four nights ago.”
They helped her and Michael into the van.
“I’m Claudia. This is my son, Michael.”
She handed him over, though her arms resisted at first. The women had to tug him away from her grasping fingers. 
Copernicus went to pull the doors shut.
“Leave them open,” Claudia said, startling him. “I can’t stay.”
“But you’ll be perfectly safe. We’ve set you up with a job, and a home—”
“They’ll use me to find him. It’s—it’s hard to explain.”
“Then don’t,” Copernicus said. “Buckle in. We’ll take you somewhere else. You deserve at least a chance at a new life.”
“Please, just let me have a moment with him.”
She reached her son. The women hesitated before letting go, and Claudia held him in her arms like an infant. She bent down and kissed his head.
“You have to keep him hidden,” she said, gazing down at his peaceful expression. “Don’t let anyone hurt him—not ever, do you understand me?”
“Of course we do,” Copernicus said, soothingly. “You lost the other six. He’s your only child.”
“It’s not that.”
“What’s wrong?” Mary Tudor said. “You look terrified.”
“I am. And you should be, too. We don’t have time for details. You just have to trust me. No matter how you raise him, you can’t keep Michael past puberty. He’ll need a different kind of guardian. When that time comes, you’ll have to contact Louis Blake. Tell him everything that’s happened. He’ll be able to help Michael. Otherwise… It’s too dangerous.”
“You can’t be serious,” Copernicus said. “You don’t know what they’ve been saying about Blake on the news. The things he and his men have done.”
“If you can’t promise me this, you leave me no option but to take my son’s life, and then kill myself.”
“Christ,” Copernicus said. “You’re serious.”
“If you knew the danger I’m putting you in, you never would have come. Now, will you do as I ask or not?”
“Yes, of course. When the boy hits puberty, I’ll find Blake if it’s the last thing I do on this earth. I swear it.”
“Me, too,” Joan of Arc said.
“And I, as well,” said Mary Tudor.
“Thank you so much.” Claudia handed her son to them. “One more thing. Love him. Let him know what that feels like.”
“Always,” Mary Tudor said.
Joan of Arc smiled sweetly at Michael. “He’s beautiful.”
Copernicus put a hand on Claudia’s shoulder and gave it a firm grip.
“Will we ever see you again?” he asked.
“If you do,” Claudia said, “it means we failed, and all those children died for nothing.”
He backed away, nodding solemnly. Claudia stole one more glance at her son before standing to leave. Before she could step out, a sharp pain in her skull made her stop with a soft cry.
“What is it?” Copernicus said.
Claudia closed her eyes and let the pain go its course. She knew too well what it meant. She knew because she had put it there, through years of conditioning. It was a warning like the alarm bellowing outside. 
“He’s here,” she said. “I can sense it.”
“What do you mean?” Copernicus said. “Who’s here?”
Speaking his name made the pain worse.
“Harris Kole.” 

“Very good, T1-07. You did well today.”
This time, the boy only vaguely pays attention to the calm voice. He’s too busy studying the face across from him. The man strapped to the bed is shivering and moaning. He looks like he wants to say something, but his mouth is clamped shut, his lips so tightly pressed that it looks as though he’s trying to bite them off.
“I’m sorry,” T1-07 tells him. “I didn’t mean to say ‘shut up.’ I know it’s bad.”
It isn’t clear whether the man has heard him. He is completely absorbed in the task of trying to force open his lips. His face is pale and sweaty, his expression monstrous.
“What’s wrong with him?” T1-07 asks.
“Never mind that,” the calm voice snaps. “Focus on listening to me and doing exactly as I say. I’ll use the button if you disobey.”
The boy stiffens again at the word button. In his nightmares, the word is disturbing enough to make him wake up whenever he hears it. After today, the nightmares will only be worse.
“Are you listening, T1-07?”
The boy nods. “Yes.”
“Good. Now, I want you to say ‘kill him.’ I’ll press another button and make the man die. But I want you to say ‘kill him’ first. You are commanding me to kill him. Understand?”
The boy’s eyes widen in shock. “But—but he’ll die?”
“Yes. The man will die.”
“You’re going to murder him?”
“No. You are going to murder him. Your command will make the man die.”
“But why? He just wants to go home. He just wants his mommy.”
“There is no home,” the calm voice says. “There is no mommy. There are only two buttons. One is for you. The other is for the man.”
The boy considers the simplicity of the situation, how easy it would be to avoid the button. All he has to do is follow the instructions. All his life, he has followed instructions. Why should today be any different? 
“I’ll press your button right now, T1-07. Here goes.”
“No! No! Don’t press mine!”
The calm voice continues. “I have to press a button until one of you dies. Whose should I press? Yours? Or his?”
The boy studies the lipless, frightened face across from him. If the man didn’t want the button, he would say something to prevent it from being pressed. He would beg for mercy like T1-07 has begged so many times. But he won’t even open his mouth. He doesn’t make a sound, only stares at the boy with that terrified look.
Maybe he deserves this. Maybe the man wants to die.
It won’t be the boy’s fault if someone told him to do it.
“His,” the boy says. “Press his, not mine.”
The scared man shakes his head wildly.
“Say the command, T1-07.”
The boy looks away, his mouth moving to form the words.

Stepping out of the van was like having her heart ripped from her chest.
Claudia watched the vehicle lumber away. The darkness swallowed it so completely, leaving only a dead silence, that Claudia feared it had been nothing more than a fantasy. The men in the white coats sometimes gave her drugs that dissolved her ability to know what was real and what wasn’t. Maybe this was one of those waking dreams.
No. Tonight was real.
Her screaming feet told her so, as did the gaping hole in her chest where her heart had once been.
She limped in the opposite direction from where the van had disappeared. There was a river not far from here. If she swam with the current, she could get away faster than on her torn feet. The more miles she put between her and Michael, the better. If she was lucky, a rock would split her skull, and she would never know she was drowning.
She never got that far. As soon as she caught the scent of running water, a light exploded in her eyes. She almost ran right into the soldier. The man had been hiding behind a nearby tree, waiting for her. 
He threw his arms around her and pinned her to the ground. Her nose and mouth smashed against a cold, wet carpet of leaves.
“Gotcha,” the man said. Then he shouted, “Over here!”
This one was smart. Without hesitation, he swung the flashlight’s heavy handle against the back of her head.
When Claudia regained consciousness again, she tasted stale saliva. How long had she been out? The alarm had stopped and the men were dragging her by the armpits.
They met a group of soldiers with dogs—sleek, tightly muscled, black-and-brown beasts without a specific breed, genetically designed to be the best hunting and fighting weapons on four legs. Before tonight, she had only ever seen them in the yard, tethered to their metal poles and ever watchful in case she tried to escape.
They hated Claudia without needing to be told. Saliva speckled her face as the dogs snapped powerful jaws at her, so close she could smell their bitter breaths.
She lunged toward the nearest one, making sure to tip her head back. The soldier restraining it cursed. He yanked the barking monstrosity away before it could tear out her throat.
“Watch her.” He struggled to maintain a grip on the leash. “Keep the dogs away. She’ll try to kill herself, and the General wants her unharmed.”
Minutes later, they arrived at a place that made her stomach sink with dread.
It was a clearing in the forest, but not just any old patch of grass. Claudia had been here many times before, always while drugged and for the same reason. It was a quiet, private place where the man she feared and despised could park his expensive black car, flip her over the trunk, and invade her body much as he invaded her mind back at the research facility.
“Ah, there she is.”
Claudia’s pulse quickened at the sound of his voice.
Harris Kole stepped around the car and stood in front of the headlights. His relaxed posture told Claudia he had no idea about Copernicus or the van.
Good. Tonight, he would be the one getting fucked in this clearing, not her.
“Funny we should meet here,” Kole said. “Did you pick this spot, or did I? I can’t remember for the life of me.”
“I did,” Claudia said. “You’ll see why.”
“Ha!” He wagged a finger of his gloved hand at her. “You, with the mind games. I always liked that. Of all the girls, you were the feisty one. But let me spare us the foreplay, Claudia. Tell me where you put the boy, and I’ll go easy on you both. It’ll be like you never escaped, I promise.”
“I’ll tell you where my son is,” Claudia offered. “He’s in heaven, where you’ll never touch him again.”
“Is that right? You killed him?”
“I freed him.”
She caught the scent of his brand-new leather gloves, only a moment before he slapped her hard enough to leave her senseless and reeling.
“You think you’re smarter than me, you little ment bitch? You think I can’t get into your mind and find the answer for myself?”
Ment. Claudia hated the word. That, and the sudden taste of blood in her mouth, filled her with a rage she welcomed. The rage would only fuel the flames, open the windows, make the strings dance—whatever image one chose to visualize the way she would kill these men.
She settled on a spider’s web. Yes, that would do just fine; she could already feel the strands being spun, awaiting her command.
“Don’t you clam up on me,” Kole said and grabbed her chin.
Claudia opened her mouth, but not to speak. Instead she spit in his face. Kole slapped her again. 
The rage was brimming now. Claudia smiled up at him.
“Thank you.”
Kole shook his head. He obviously didn’t read the reports, didn’t know what the triggers were. Sighing in disgust, he turned to one of his soldiers.
“Let’s wrap this up. Call in a region-wide search, standard procedure times ten. I want everyone in on it.”
“Yes, sir.” The soldier reached for his radio.
Claudia rose to her knees. She glanced at the gun in the hip holster of a soldier standing next to her. The leather strap over the grip was unbuttoned. He had been careless, probably because she was a woman. He had no idea.
The soldier with the radio called in the search. Kole clamped a hand around Claudia’s chin and smiled at her.
“Be sure to use a tranq,” he warned the others. “Like I said, she’s a feisty one.”
“Yes, sir.”
He released her and turned away, fishing one of the disgusting cigars he smoked out of his jacket pocket. Claudia had gone to bed many nights with that nasty smell on her body. 
The soldiers lifted her to her feet and began to pull her toward the car. One reached into a pouch on his belt. He slipped out a leather kit, unzipped it, and removed a syringe.
Spiderlike, Claudia’s mind shot the first strand.
It stuck.
It was time.

“Kill him,” the boy says, stifling sobs. “Kill the m-m-man.”
“Okay, T1-07,” the calm voice says. “I’ll press the man’s button instead of yours, because you told me to.”
The standing bed hums, and a current makes the air tingle. The scared man shakes as if his skeleton is trying to dance out of its skin, and yet his mouth never opens. 
T1-07 is glad he said to shut up. Otherwise the man would be screaming right now, and T1-07 doesn’t think he could bear to hear those screams.
As the man shakes and his skin goes tight, revealing fleshy cords in his arms and neck, T1-07 looks away and thinks about mothers. 
He never knew his, but he understands the concept thanks to the picture books the nurses sometimes show him. He knows all about white houses with fences, and mommies and daddies who love each other, and puppies with golden fur and long, red tongues. He has always wanted to have those things, to experience the warmth of their bright, happy colors.
Trying to ignore the burning smell creeping over him, T1-07 imagines what a dog must be like in real life. He forms one in his imagination—cartoonish and gentle, with eyes that are probably too big, and a tongue the color of blood he has seen too many times.
T2-07, he’ll call his new pet—T2, for short. He pictures the cheerful beast bounding across the room to lick his new master’s face, tail wagging madly with affection. 
Across from the boy, the man stops shaking and stares straight ahead. His eyes are perfectly still. Finally, his mouth yawns open. He never closes it, and the boy knows he never will on his own.
There’s something else, too. A dark spot has appeared on the man’s pants. He peed himself, just like the boy had done. 
The realization hits T1-07 that he and the man were the same all along; both of them afraid of the button, wanting nothing more than their mothers, scared enough to have an accident in front of the whitecoats.
“You killed him,” T1-07 whispers. His voice leaps into a shout. “HE WAS MY FRIEND!”
His pulse rises into a frantic thrumming in his ears. The world blurs and darkens around him as something hot coats his eyes. They sting from tears unlike any he has ever known, not sad tears but hot ones that taste like metal when they reach his lips.
“Are you seeing this?” the calm voice says over the speakers—except now it doesn’t sound calm but fascinated. “He’s doing it!”
“Then what are you waiting for?” a deeper voice says, also over the speakers but unfamiliar to the boy. “It’ll go through the walls. Zap him, you idiot.”
“But General Kole, he’s only four years old.”
“Look at his brain waves. Do those look like a four-year-old’s?”
“No, I-I don’t believe it.”
“Damn it, man, zap the little bastard!”
“It’s too dangerous. We have to tranq him. It’s the only way.”
T1-07 closes his eyes. He is no longer listening to the men. His mind is busy stretching itself, searching his surroundings like invisible hands feeling their way in the dark.
And he’s whispering: “You killed him. You didn’t have to. He was my friend…”
An intense pressure begins to pound the walls of his brain. It feels like an animal trying to claw its way out.
T1-07 screams.
“I’m outta here,” the unfamiliar voice says over the speakers.
“But, General Kole—”
A door slams shut, leaving only the man with the once-calm voice. T1-07 can sense his presence beyond the walls, and suddenly he understands how to lift the pain. He has never done this before, and yet he feels as though he has, many times.
The invisible hands reach toward the man, fingers grasping.
No, not fingers—claws.
“Oh Jesus,” the voice cries out. “Oh God, no!”
The hands twist, and the voice rises into a scream.

“She’s using it!”
The soldier plunged the needle into Claudia’s side, but it was too late. Her web had been cast.
“Blind,” she screamed. “All of you, blind!”
The command sent them staggering backward.
“My eyes,” one of the men screamed. “I can’t see!”
Claudia searched for Harris Kole. Blood sang in her ears.
“Shoot her,” one of the men roared. “Shoot the bitch!”
Where was he? Where was Kole?
It was getting darker in the clearing, or so it appeared. A vessel had burst in her brain. She had minutes left.
Harris Kole had fled the clearing, his freshly lit cigar still smoldering by her feet. The coward. Claudia turned to the soldiers staggering like drunks around the car. She found the one with the loose pistol, grabbed it before he knew what had happened, and shot him twice.
Kole was waiting for the drug to knock her out. Then he might still have her, brain intact.
Claudia would make sure that never happened.
She shot the remaining soldiers, feeling nothing except for a thickening exhaustion. Walking felt like wading through knee-high mud. She stepped into the beams from the car’s headlamps, her shadow stretching across the grass.
Then she pressed the gun to her temple.
“Go ahead,” Kole said from somewhere in the trees. “Do it. I could breed a hundred more just like you.”
Wrecked as her brain was, Claudia sensed the lie like a foul smell. She could feel the dread radiating from him. His father was not going to be happy about this, and the One President, Harold Targin Kole, was not a man you could piss off, even if you were his only son. 
She breathed in the pine-scented air and looked up at the stars. Her vision doubled, and the stars multiplied. Speaking took most of her strength.
“I love you, Michael.”
Pulling the trigger took the rest.

The blast shook the boy awake.
“Flat tire,” a man said, and followed it with a soft curse.
The vehicle came to a bumpy stop. The boy tried to lift his head but was too tired to move. The air smelled different, and it was moist, unlike the air from—
Where, exactly? He couldn’t remember anything, only a distant, calm voice saying, “The button…I’ll press the button,” followed by screaming…
A warm body pressed against him. It fidgeted slightly as it spoke.
“What do we do?”
A woman’s voice. She sounded frantic. The boy tried to look up at her, but his face was pressed against her bosom. The woman’s arms trapped him in place.
“I’ll take care of it,” the man said.
Something clicked. A metallic sound.
“The safety,” the woman said shakily. “Don’t forget to click it off.”
“I won’t,” said the man.
Behind the boy, another woman said, “Be careful, honey.”
A car door opened and banged shut. The man’s footsteps made a crunching sound outside the vehicle. The boy closed his eyes and tried to listen, but within moments, the weight of his exhaustion became too powerful to resist.
He heard the man’s voice again as he drifted into sleep.
“We’re surrounded,” he said.



Episode I

ORIGINS


“I think, therefore I am.”

- René Descartes

“I am, therefore I govern.”

- H. Targin Kole

In toil, one eats. 
In obedience, one breathes. 
In acceptance, one loves.

Slogan of the One Party

Chapter 1

THIRTEEN YEARS LATER

The citizens of the People’s Republic knew that only death lay east of the fence. 
Despite this, Michael Lanza enjoyed walking alongside it. The thrill, however, didn’t come from his proximity to the area on the other side, known as “the Kill Zone,” or the gun turrets ready to swivel, aim, and shoot anyone who entered.
Instead, the expansive feeling he craved came from a big, ugly structure no one even noticed because it had been there seemingly forever.
Everyone called it “the Line.” It was a massive, fifty-foot wall made of concrete, mostly featureless except for the gun turrets, occasional propaganda posters, and every hundred miles or so, a well-guarded checkpoint. The wall surrounded the Western Democratic People’s Republic of America on all sides, except where the coast met the Pacific Ocean, which was guarded by gunboats. Escape was almost impossible.
But it wasn’t so much the wall that interested Michael as what lay beyond it: a place called “the Eastlands” that no one was allowed to enter. The bombs had fallen there, long ago. President Kole called it “the most dangerous, inhospitable land known to mankind.” Parents threatened to send their kids there if they misbehaved, to be eaten by mutants and cannibals.
Michael’s imagination practically lived there. When he walked this close to the fence, he could almost smell the dust of all those unexplored ruins, waiting for someone to uncover their secrets.
Even now, the turrets swiveling to follow him, his arm muscles strained by the weight of the grocery bags he was tasked with carrying to his parents’ restaurant, he could imagine himself strapped with weapons, utility belts, and other gear needed to survive in the unforgiving land less than a mile to his right.
This was why he walked next to the fence, to be transported beyond it.
Michael shuddered as a loud scream pulled him out of his reverie.
Looking to his left, he saw an old woman fall against the cracked pavement as if she’d been tossed. Two police offers, obviously the ones who had thrown her, then grabbed a crude wooden cart loaded with lettuce and flipped it onto the street.
“No,” the woman shouted. “It wasn’t mine!”
The officers went after her, batons ready for a beating. The woman screamed again and threw her arms up in self-defense.
“Worthless old bitch,” one of the officers said.
They pummeled her with the batons, and then one of the officers grabbed a head of lettuce off the ground and began stuffing it into the woman’s mouth.
“No, stop!” A gaunt young man ran up the street toward them. Michael watched, a sick feeling taking root in his stomach.
“Don’t do it,” Michael whispered, watching the man. “It’s too late. Just walk away.”
“Please, don’t hurt her,” the man shouted. “It wasn’t hers! I swear it! Mama, get up!” 
The officers straightened and looked at the man with a mechanical swiftness that reminded Michael of the way the gun turrets moved. The man stopped, breathless and unsure of himself. Like his mother, he was dressed in clothes that were obviously homemade.
“Please,” he said, dropping to his knees and joining his hands together in a begging gesture. “Let her live. She didn’t know.”
“Didn’t know what?” one of the officers said, twirling his baton and striding leisurely toward him. “You just told us the food cart wasn’t hers, so what didn’t she know?”
“I—I mean it wasn’t her idea. It was mine. Let her live. Blame me instead.”
The old woman was still conscious. She raised herself on her elbows, face bloodied, and shouted at her son through shuddering sobs.
“Elmer, you idiot, get out of here!” Then, to the officers: “He ain’t talking sense. He don’t mean it. It was my idea!”
The officers glanced at each other and chuckled. Michael felt a hot surge of anger. This wasn’t about justice. The two officers, like many of their kind, got off on this sort of thing.
“A grand mystery,” said one of the officers, grinning. “First it’s hers, then it isn’t. Then it’s his, but now it’s not. Spite me, I can’t wrap my head around it.”
His partner laughed. “Maybe it’s your food cart. Or mine!”
“Do you think someone dropped it from a window?” the other joked. “Should we check the buildings?”
They laughed again. Just another day on the job, apparently.
“Elmer, go! Run,” the old woman shouted, struggling to get to her feet. “Get outta here, you dimwit!”
One of the officers kicked her back down. The other ran after Elmer, who had finally gathered enough sense to jump to his feet and attempt an escape. The officer quickly chased him down. Another beating began, this one more brutal than the last.
It was wrong to watch, but Michael couldn’t pull himself away. A crowd had gathered, and it was easy to blend in, to tell himself that this sort of thing happened every minute of every day, and it was his duty to watch, if only to spread some sort of warning.
An armored van turned into the street and stopped with a squeal of its brakes. The officers proceeded to toss Elmer, who was a bloody, broken mess at this point, and his struggling mother into the back.
The crowd dissipated. Michael remained, vaguely aware that he was taking a risk by doing so, and watched the two officers break the cart and stomp the lettuce into the pavement. It was like walking alongside the fence; a foolish and dangerous compulsion he couldn’t explain.
One of the officers squinted at Michael, who was alone now. The crowd had vanished.
“What are you staring at, kid? You want a piece of this, too?”
He approached, raising his baton. Michael’s heart jackhammered. 
“No, sir,” he said. “Sorry!”
Holding on tightly to the bags, he dropped his gaze and scurried off down the avenue. The officer didn’t follow, but it took six blocks for Michael to finally convince himself of this.

Lanza’s served the worst Italian food imaginable.
Michael didn’t have much to compare it to, except a few local competitors who weren’t much better, but he knew pasta wasn’t supposed to taste like slimy wax paper. It wasn’t his parents’ fault, but that of the government distribution centers that carried only one spice: a dried, Italian seasoning blend manufactured from mostly non-organic ingredients. According to Michael’s father, the seasoning tasted like oregano the same way that human shit tastes like flowers.
It was better than starving. The country had been steeped in famine for months now, and Michael was lucky to eat a meal once a week that wasn’t pasta. Vegetables were a pleasant surprise. Fruit that wasn’t bruised, battered, and sour was a luxury.
And meat—he had forgotten the taste of meat altogether. 
Today’s lunch shift went by more quickly than yesterday’s, which was a relief. It was the old lady and her son, and the way those cops had enjoyed beating them, that gave Michael something to think about in order to pass the time. As he hand-washed a constant stream of dirty pots and dishes, he replayed the scene a hundred times, altering it in a variety of different ways, making the man out to be a rebel hero who fought back and won, saving his mother.
Michael even inserted himself into the fantasy. He imagined swooping in, relieving one of the officers of his baton, and beating the two senseless as the crowd watching the fight cheers. The skeletal man reveals himself as the mysterious, legendary Louis Blake, wanted terrorist and rebel of the Eastlands. Pleased with Michael’s courageous performance, Blake recruits him on the spot. Michael happily accepts a new life of adventure, espionage, and saving innocent lives in the lawless frontiers of the East—
“Mike!”
His father’s voice was like a battering ram, despite being heard through the window.
“What?” Michael shouted.
“Don’t what me. You left the trash bags in front of the dumpsters again. What are you, retarded? They go inside the containers. Do I have to toss you in there to show you how it’s done?”
Michael sighed. “What the hell’s wrong with me?” he asked himself, as he pushed through the screen door and made his way across the yard.
As usual, the answer escaped him.

When his shift was over, Michael rushed through kitchen cleanup, gobbled a dripping hunk of stale bread dipped in tomato sauce, and ran upstairs to his bedroom, still chewing.
He could feel the fatigue in his bones. He hadn’t slept much the night before—two hours, by his estimate, and only one hour the night previous—as he had stayed up working on a Handy Dan until three in the morning.
Despite his exhaustion, he wouldn’t be able to sleep until it was finished. The Handy Dan theme song had already begun to play on endless repeat in his mind.
Handy Dan: he sweeps and wipes and mops and talks. There’s nothing he can’t do! 
The radio ads were wrong, of course. Handy Dan was nothing more than an awkward contraption on wheels that zipped around bumping into things and spilling cleaning solution all over the kitchen floor.
Michael’s father hated the thing, but he was required to have two of them active at all times during business hours, one in the kitchen and another in the dining room. All businesses were required to do so in accordance with Federal Law, especially restaurants where alcohol was served. Drunken people were the ones most likely to speak out against the regime. 
Handy Dan prevented that kind of disruptive activity by monitoring the place day and night, using powerful cameras and microphones that made the rest of its hardware look like a jumble of gears and pulleys.
Unlike his father, Michael actually liked the stupid thing. Sure, he despised the reason behind Handy Dan’s existence—the need the One Party had to spy on its own citizens—but he admired certain aspects of the machine that very few people were aware of.
The one in his bedroom was not his father’s, but one he had found in a trash container a few days earlier. One of its long, tubular limbs had been hanging over the edge like the arm of a passed-out drunk. It might as well have been beckoning, promising Michael a wealth of knowledge and treasures if he would only give it a new home.
Whoever had tossed the thing had broken Federal Law. Handy Dans could not be thrown away. They had to be reclaimed. This had made Michael’s discovery of the appliance a rare and golden opportunity.
He had discreetly removed it from the dumpster, hidden it in a trash bag, and lugged it up to his bedroom, heart pounding the entire way. This was during off-hours, so the machine’s microphones wouldn’t pick up any sounds that could identify his parents’ restaurant.
I could end up in a labor camp, he told himself throughout the trip. And yet, he couldn’t bring himself to stop. It was like walking the fence, or watching the beating of the old lady and her son. Michael was beginning to wonder if he really did have a death wish.
He shut his bedroom door and twisted the locks he had installed. His parents had turned off the heat on the second floor to save money. Shivering, he dug a sweater out of a pile of clothing on the floor and slipped it on. He went straight for the bundle in the corner of the room.
He lugged it over to the rickety wooden desk, unwrapped the sheet, and took a moment to admire his prize. About as big as a watermelon, it was made of sheet metal, painted blue and silver, and had three wheels by which it moved around. The arms were long, awkward appendages with metal clamps at the ends. They often flailed wildly when the thing was on, spilling mop buckets, knocking over mugs, and elevating his father’s blood pressure to dangerous levels. It had a head with a wide, painted grin, responsible for causing nightmares in small children, and probably adults, too. Its eyes were huge, cartoonish lenses Michael had covered in electrical tape to avoid being face-scanned.
The reason Michael was so impressed by Handy Dans, and paranoid about slipping up with this one, was the live-feed transmitter built into every model. The hardware was more advanced than anything he had ever encountered, capable of transmitting gigabytes of data each second across several miles. This was how the government managed to have eyes and ears all over the country, without the burden of paying for all the warm bodies such a task would otherwise require.
As Michael worked on removing the hardware—an act that required more learning than doing, as if he were dismantling a ticking bomb from the future—he became so absorbed that when he looked up again, the sky outside his window possessed the pale orange tint of late evening. 
He looked at his clock. Three hours had gone by, and yet he wasn’t even close to finishing. How many more nights of sleeplessness could he endure before he went crazy?
He resolved to work for another five hours, force down some food, and get a healthy night’s rest. He had to accept that this would take a while. When he was done, the parts would fetch more money on the black market than the restaurant made in a year.
Enough to bribe the guards at the nearest checkpoint, so maybe they would look the other way while he slipped through the Line and away from this messed-up country.
He turned off the live-feed device and breathed a sigh of relief. Then he removed the electrical tape and began working on Handy Dan’s eyes.
Realistically, though, the money would probably end up going toward his radio business. The amount would be more than enough to buy the parts necessary to make and sell radios for the rest of the year. His radios weren’t limited to government propaganda and the patriotic songs he had grown up with; instead, they were wired to receive broadcasts from the New Dallas Republic thousands of miles east of the Line, which made them highly illegal. 
And highly profitable.
The signal was mostly a fuzzy, crackling mess. But every now and then, if you listened closely enough, you might hear a voice discussing a sporting event or a news story. For those like Michael who dreamed of escape, that occasional voice was enough to keep the fantasy alive.

Two weeks after finding the Handy Dan, Michael finally removed the last of the parts he needed. He had also learned a hefty amount about advanced technology the government kept secret from the masses.
It was three o’clock in the afternoon. He hadn’t slept a wink the night before and had worked the breakfast and lunch shifts like a mindless robot with a failing charge in its battery. Then he had spent two hours with Handy Dan, craving that moment when he could finally be done with it.
Too tired to do much else, he threw a bed sheet over the mess of electronics and shuffled zombie-like toward his mattress. He was about to collapse on top of it when someone banged on the door.
“Hey, Mikey, open up!”
It was his older brother, Benny.
“Spiteful wrath,” Michael said.
“Come on, buddy. I got something for you.”
“Go away.”
“Hey, open the damned door, asshole.”
Michael pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed. “Fine, but I’m not working the dinner shift for you.”
“Come onnnn,” Benny whined. “Open the door. I got a present for you.”
Michael crossed the tiny room, stepping over his bed and piles of smelly aprons and socks to get to the door. The mattress covered most of the floor, making it easier just to walk on top of it instead of going around.
“You can save your breath,” he told Benny, undoing the locks. “I’m not working—”
The air was slammed out of his lungs as Benny, bent over at the waist, charged straight into him and sent him sprawling over the bed. Michael was sure his parents, who were probably down in the kitchen preparing for dinner, would hear the noise and come up hollering.
“Who’s tough now?” Benny said, driving his fists into Michael’s ribs.
“Ben—stop—oof!”
Michael wrestled himself free and curled into a ball. He knew better than to fight back. Any resistance would only end with Benny either giving him a black eye or forcing his younger, much skinnier brother into a wrestling match to amuse himself.
“Get away from me,” Michael said. “I mean it.”
“Aw, quit whining.” Benny stood over him, smiling and popping his knuckles. His oiled, slicked-back hair smelled terrible, like hot wax and armpits. “When are you going to stop being such a wimp?”
Michael pushed himself off the bed, dreading whatever it was Benny had come here to ask of him. When Benny pulled out the white, button-down shirt he had tucked into the back of his belt, Michael considered shoving his brother aside and fleeing the building before anyone could stop him.
“You’re waiting tables tonight,” Benny said, as if it wasn’t obvious already. “Dad crossed my name off the calendar and put in yours, so don’t even bother arguing.”
“Like hell I am. I worked the kitchen all day today. Where were you?”
Benny grinned. He had one of those charming, con-artist smiles that made you eager to check your wallet, just in case. Even more frustrating, he was much better looking than Michael and had always been more popular. His sharp, Italian features were those of a fox, and he had a naturally confident and easy-going attitude that made him popular with the other kids on the block. There were few girls in the neighborhood capable of resisting Benny’s charms, even those with serious boyfriends.
Michael was the opposite of his brother. Stooped, rangy, and quiet, he appeared almost pathetic, like a battered, starving dog that keeps coming back no matter how many times you kick it. He had a low-eyed way about him that made people assume he was constantly in a bad mood. He never combed his hair. It fell in black shreds around his face and ears, partly hiding a set of crooked eyebrows that gave him a cynical, condescending look.
When he was younger, the neighborhood kids called him “Vamp,” thanks to his pale skin and brooding gaze. Now, only Benny called him that to get on his nerves.
“Waiting tables ain’t so bad, Vamp.” Benny looked around the room and fixed his gaze on the bed sheet Michael had draped over the remains of Handy Dan. “Hey, what’s that?”
“Fine, I’ll do it,” Michael said, almost tripping on his mattress to get between Benny and the table. “Are you deaf? I said I’ll do it.”
“Wait a second.” His brother pushed him aside. “What is that?”
“Benny, get lost. Seriously.”
Benny shoved Michael back several steps and gave him a threating look. “You know, you shouldn’t hide things from your dear big brother. I’m only looking out for you.”
Michael watched with a sinking feeling as his brother lifted the sheet. It took Benny several seconds to make sense of the mess. When he realized what it was, he dropped the sheet and looked wide-eyed at Michael.
“Spite me,” he said. “Mike, you can get in big trouble for this.”
“I know,” Michael said, looking down at his stained and lumpy mattress, wishing he could just sink into it and let sleep carry him off. “But we need the money, right? I’m done being hungry all the time.”
“Is this how you’ve been getting the money you give Mom and Dad each month? From parting these things out on the black market?” Benny lifted his eyebrows in apprehension mixed with respect. “I always just thought you sold drugs like everybody else. I know Mom and Dad appreciate the help, but we could all be shipped to the labor camps for this. This Handy is probably registered to someone else. Did you steal it?”
“I found it in a dumpster.”
“Yeah, but still…”
A strange sensation came over Michael. For a few seconds, it felt as though every thought had been pushed out of his brain, leaving only an empty space into which he could draw signals being sent by anyone nearby. He became like one of his own radios, tuning to a live station after a lifetime of dead air.
Was he just that tired?
No, this was more than exhaustion. What he sensed was a weird sort of elation, radiating toward him with Benny as the source. It wasn’t laughter, nor was it a smell, but if laughter had a smell, it would have resembled this.
Sort of.
When Benny’s eyes crinkled slightly, promising one of his mischievous smiles, Michael immediately knew what his brother was up to. The weird feeling went away.
“Don’t do it,” he said, putting up his hands. “Come on, Benny.”
“What?” Benny spread his arms in a display of innocence. “I’m not going to tell on you.”
“I know,” Michael said. “But whatever else you’re thinking of doing, don’t. Please.”
Benny smirked at him. “What did you do, read my mind? You’re not a ment, are you, Mikey?”
The question caught Michael off guard. He wasn’t sure what the weird feeling had been, but he certainly didn’t want it to happen again. By law, all telepaths had to turn themselves in to the police or risk execution without a trial, with the bonus of having their families thrown into a labor camp. Those who did give themselves up were turned into slaves. They became, according to rumor, emotionless, spineless, human lie detectors with no memory of their former lives and no purpose but to help the police detect illegal inclinations.
These freaks of nature were called “Ments,” “Mentals,” and “Children of the Atom.” No one knew exactly how they came about, only that they started being born a decade after the bombs fell in the east. Any ments not in captivity were considered to be thieves, liars, con artists, and sociopaths, despised almost universally throughout the WDPRA.
“I’m no ment,” Michael said, his voice wavering. “I just know how you think, that’s all.”
“If that’s true, then you know I’m no rat.” Benny squared his shoulders and glared at Michael. “Take it back.”
“So you’re just going to forget what you saw?”
Benny burst out laughing. “Just like that? Are you kidding? And you thought you knew me.”
“Then what do you want?”
“Take over my Saturday night shift from now on, with a twenty-five percent cut of your pay as a kickback. You see how nice I’m being? I could have asked for half.”
“How’s this for nice?” Michael said. “Go spite yourself.”
“Mike.” Benny gave him that sappy stare he used on girls. “Miiike.”
Michael considered sucker-punching his brother in the gut. Benny could have demanded a lot more, though, and Michael didn’t want to give him a reason to do so. If he told their parents about the Handy Dan, his father would shut down the operation. He might even handcuff Michael to the kitchen sink, to wash dishes every shift for the rest of his teenage years.
“Listen to me, Mikey. You’re seventeen. You’ve got no friends, no girlfriend. I’m pretty sure you’ve never even been laid. You got no social life at all, so I ask, what difference does it make? The extra shift means more money for you, and I get my Saturday nights to go out slumming. It’s a win-win arrangement.”
“You’re blackmailing your own brother,” Michael said. “Think about that.”
Benny waved away the accusation, smiling that oily, sleazeball grin. He had won, and he knew it. “I’m doing you a favor. Besides, it’s two-for-one beer night at The Capitalist Pig on Saturdays. I’ll tell you what”—Benny crossed his arms and put on his most businesslike expression—“You take my Saturday night shift, and not only will I not tell Mom and Dad that you’re putting this family in danger by breaking Federal Law, but I’ll also take you out once a week to the Pig, after your shift, and school you in the art of picking up girls. I know you need it. I’ve seen the pictures you keep under your mattress.”
Michael blushed and looked away.
“What do you say? Huh?”
“Fine.”
Benny reached over and pinched Michael’s cheek. “Thattaboy, Vamp. With me as your mentor, the girls in this neighborhood will dive into those skinny arms of yours.”
Michael swatted his brother’s hand away. Benny tossed him the white shirt he would need for waiting tables (their mother insisted on the uniforms) and made for the door.
“You’ll need a clean pair of pants to go with that shirt,” Benny said, “and make sure you brush your teeth. Your breath smells like a dead person’s foot.”
Michael exhaled into his hand and smelled it. Benny was right.
Chapter 2

Waiting tables was the height of boredom. 
At least in the kitchen, Michael could read a book while he waited for the dishes to pile up. Out here, he had to look ready and presentable, even when the dining room was empty, just in case a customer happened to walk in. It was his father’s rule, and Terry Lanza had as much authority over this restaurant as Harris Kole had over the nation.
The dinner shift crawled on its hands and knees. Michael spent most of it looking out the window and wondering why the restaurant no longer attracted customers. It’s not like people had to spend money to eat at Lanza’s. Only the drinks cost money; everything else could be purchased using ration slips, which Michael’s family would then use to restock their inventory at the “disties,” which is what people called the government distribution centers on every street corner. They also called them “empties,” a name that was self-explanatory. 
Lanza’s, like most restaurants, only profited from tips, which were non-existent, and selling booze, which made so little money as to be nearly insignificant. There was only one brand of wine, liquor, and beer, called Unity and created by the Paradise Department of Luxury Goods and Services. However much a restaurant sold, half of the profits went back to the department.
According to the One President, these were necessary sacrifices. Without them, the system would allow some people to be better off than others, like the way things were before the bombs fell—and didn’t everyone deserve to be equal no matter what?
It was an interesting question coming from a man who wanted people to worship him as they would a god, or as they had once worshipped his father, Harold Targin Kole.
Three customers showed up that evening for dinner. Three separate parties of one, all of them over the age of sixty and obviously depressed. They sat alone by the windows and sipped coffee and picked at their tomato-and-salt soup, and the hard stick of bread that came with it. One of these customers was Mrs. Francessa, a regular that had been coming to the restaurant since Michael, at the age of twelve, became eligible to work there legally.
“Mrs. Francessa,” he said, going over to refill her coffee. She’d been staring out the window for the past hour, eyes red and puffy, dressed in the same threadbare coat she always wore. “Everything okay?”
She gave Michael a look that made his skin want to crawl right off his bones, like someone stuck in a hole staring up at her captors. He was about to turn away when the woman spoke in a voice that sounded about a hundred years older than the rest of her.
“My son,” she said.
Michael stiffened. He already knew what she was going to say.
“You mean Bobby? Is he okay?”
He’d met Bobby Francessa many times. He was an excitable kid around Michael’s age who was always running his mouth, talking about starting his own business and how he wouldn’t let the government touch it because it would be his business and his alone. He didn’t seem to care that private property didn’t exist in the Western Democratic People’s Republic of America.
“He’s been relocated,” Mrs. Francessa said.
Michael put the coffee pot on the table and steadied himself. That was what everyone called it, being relocated, as if government officials came by with a moving van to take you to a new home—somewhere nice in the country. 
What it really meant was that Bobby had been taken away with a shroud over his face to a labor camp in the mountains. Someone must have rolled on him. It was his own damned fault, always going off about having his own business. It was dangerous to even be around people like that.
Michael felt a sharp tickling sensation all over his chest, like mice trapped in his shirt.
“I’m sorry,” he said, picking up the pot. “Bobby was a good kid.”
The woman turned her gaze back to the window. “He was a dissenter. A shameful disappointment to his family and his country.”
Why did she have to say that? If the FSD ever caught Michael building radios, he’d be sent away, and maybe afterward, his parents and his brother would call him a disappointment to his family, too. A soul-crushing thought.
“No charge for the coffee,” he told Mrs. Francessa before leaving the table abruptly. He suddenly had to urinate, badly. 
Mrs. Francessa was gone by the time he came back.

Michael didn’t have to work the next day, so he spent it cleaning the Handy Dan to get rid of any fingerprints or traces of skin or hair. He stuffed it into an old knapsack and lugged it to a dumpster halfway across town to finally be rid of it. 
The recording devices he stuffed into a pouch, which he then deposited beneath the loose floorboard where he kept his life’s savings, about two million koles. It was enough to keep a family fed for months, or enough to pay a Line security officer to look the other way for five minutes so Michael could sneak by the checkpoint. He wasn’t even sure that was possible; he’d only ever heard about it in rumors. But still, it was something to hope for.
A few days later, he sold the surveillance parts on the black market for a total of four-point-three million koles, a quarter of which he deposited into his tin box. When he handed the rest of it—a thick wad of bills that felt nice and heavy in his hand—to his parents, his mother sobbed in relief and hugged him. 
His father’s reaction was the same as always. Terry Lanza slipped the money into his pocket, gave his son a sour look, and walked off to his bedroom to stash it.

Here was how Michael did it.
With the Handy Dan parts taped over different areas of his body, he used his day off—his night, actually—to cross town and enter the Black Market Zone.
Despite its fancy name, the BMZ was not a single, fixed location. That would have been too easy to bust. Instead, it moved around, relying on the city’s underground prostitution ring to pass on its current location. Because of this, the two services—sex and illegal wares—had merged, and you could sometimes find prostitutes hawking illegal radios and cameras. They were able to stay in business by bribing law enforcement, a considerable source of income for virtually all police officers in the outer sectors.
Michael had his own network in place, and he paid well. A prostitute named Brandi on 12th and Victory gave him an update on the BMZ’s current location, which confirmed what he already knew. He’d been studying the BMZ’s pattern of movement for a while and could predict where it would move next with surprising accuracy. He still paid for the information because it was better than ending up in the wrong place past curfew. 
“Thanks, baby,” Brandi said as Michael slipped her a wad of bills. “Hey, Vamp, you’re kind of cute. How ’bout I give you a freebie one of these days? What do you say?”
Michael’s face warmed. He hoped the hood he was wearing would hide his discomfort. He was pretty sure Brandi wasn’t even a woman. Female prostitutes were few and far between in the poorer sectors since it was easier and safer to join a harem in the Inner Sanctum. Brandi wore a scarf around her neck at all times, probably to hide an Adam’s apple. Michael didn’t say anything as he turned and continued on his way.
He slunk through the streets, making sure to stay off avenues. Lonesome figures moved over the darkened sidewalks like phantoms, wearing hoods and long jackets and probably selling drugs.
He was out of breath when he finally arrived. Before him stood the cluster of red-brick buildings people called the Towers, each one a black silhouette against the underbelly of the city’s ever-present cloud cover. Michael had been here before, back when the Zone had last inhabited this spot. 
He made his way quietly, sticking to the shadows, until he reached the front door of Building 02. He knew there were BMZ cameras watching him. He lowered the hood of his sweatshirt and raised his fist as if about to knock. But instead of rapping his knuckles against the door, he uncurled his fingers and scratched lightly at the surface. There was a certain rhythm you had to follow, to prove you weren’t a stranger to the business. Michael knew it by heart.
The security guard who let him in was a grizzly, dark-skinned bear of a man Michael had never seen before. He studied Michael through a hostile grimace.
“You been ID’ed by someone on the inside, Michael Lanza. Welcome.”
Michael breathed a sigh of relief and followed the man inside. A second man appeared at the end of the darkened hallway and motioned for Michael to come forward for a pat-down inspection. They both wore tight black T-shirts, revealing arms that rippled with muscle.
Michael warmed when he saw Joel Kridentz inside the shop.
“Hey, Mikey. Good to see ya, sonny boy,” the master merchant said.
Kridentz peered at him from inside his metal-and-glass cage, a shrunken, shriveled old man with fluffy white hair on either side of his otherwise bald head and thick glasses that enlarged his eyes to a comical degree. Michael was fond of the man; the thing he liked most was that Kridentz wore sticks of dynamite wrapped around his chest. You knew a man took his job seriously when he would rather blow himself to smithereens than be forced into retirement.
“Mr. Kridentz,” Michael said, approaching the metal bars behind which Kridentz stood bent from the weight of all that dynamite. “You’re looking healthy. And extremely dangerous, as usual.”
The man smiled warmly at him. “What do you have for me today, sonny boy?”
Grinning, Michael took off his sweatshirt. Kridentz’s eyes went wide as Michael, who had turned his back on the old man for privacy, began to pull wires, shiny processor plates, mini-cameras, microphones, and other devices one never saw outside of a government manufacturing plant, out of his clothes.
“Mikey, Mikey, Mikey,” Kridentz said, adjusting his glasses. “What would your mother say?”
“People have a tendency to keep their mouths shut when you give them large amounts of cash every month.”
“Indeed they do. No radios this time?”
Michael shook his head. “This was enough of a risk.”
“What did you do with the casing?”
“Wiped it down and tossed it.”
“Smart boy.” Kridentz gave Michael a sober look. “You could go far in life as long as you don’t get yourself into too much trouble. Maybe someday you could be a merchant like me.”
“It’s a thought.”
The old man slid the parts off the counter and into his open palm. He inspected them for a moment before grunting in satisfaction. He turned and disappeared around a stack of shelves that split the room in half, and reappeared moments later with an envelope he passed to Michael. It was thicker than usual. Michael didn’t have to count the bills; he trusted the old man.
“See you next month, Mr. Kridentz.”
“Hope so, sonny boy. It’ll mean you’re still around.”
Those last few words bothered Michael. He knew he could get in trouble for what he was doing, but the thought that next month he might be gone—either dead or in chains—made him want to break down and confess to the merchant just how scared he was. 
He pushed the thought out of his mind, stuffed the money down the front of his pants, slipped his hood back up, and made his way past the bodyguards to the exit.
Chapter 3

The following Tuesday was Ladies’ Night at the Capitalist Pig. 
Benny managed to drag Michael out of his room with the promise that he was going to meet a special girl tonight, someone who would change his life forever—or at least give a romp he’d never forget. With his usual cynicism, Michael imagined a girl who would rat him out to the authorities upon finding out what he did in his spare time, just so she could claim the extra ration slips for her family. That would definitely change his life forever.
He wore his uniform from waiting tables at the restaurant, the nicest clothes he had. He drank, but kept mostly to himself. Whenever Benny forced him into talking to a group of girls, Michael acted polite but kept his beer bottle in front of him like a shield. He’d never been good with girls, but then again, the ones in Cielo Tercer were a different breed.
In addition to being infested with poverty and crime, this sector of New Sancta City was known for its “streetcats”—girls who belonged to certain gangs and were passed around from member to member. If you weren’t in the gang, and you were caught bringing one of these girls home—or even trying to pick one up—your entire family could be targeted. For that reason, Michael stayed away from girls in general. There was only one woman for every five men in this city, which meant that any girl you tried to befriend probably had at least one gun-slinging boyfriend just waiting for the chance to impress her by beating you up or killing you.
The city’s bureaucrats were the main cause of this problem, with their method of forcing the pretty girls from the poor sectors to come join their harems in the Inner Sanctum—the exclusive central part of the city—promising them wealth and security fit for a queen. There was a saying in the outer sectors that all the good ones, meaning all the respectable, attractive women, were “on the up and up.” In other words, they were living lives of leisure as the private sex toys of rich Party members, and would someday receive a pension for each child they were able to contribute to the regime.
Michael was determined to keep his brother from doing anything stupid. Benny had been acting more and more reckless lately, hitting on any girl that looked his way. To ease his anxiety, Michael drank heavily throughout the night, spending precious koles on watered-down beer that would leave him with a terrible hangover the following day. He kept thinking of Bobby Francessa, picturing the boy shivering in a cold prison cell, so skinny and malnourished that his face looked as shriveled as a walnut.
Later that night, deep in a drunken haze, Michael stole the keys to the restaurant off his parents’ dresser and met Benny at the back door. They stole a bottle of Unity gin and sipped it out in the parking lot, where a cold breeze washed over them and made them shiver.
“Dad told me about the three million koles you gave him and Mom,” Benny said. “That’s some serious money.”
“Yeah.”
“He said you were helping the family out. Said I should be more like you.” Benny chuckled. “Spiteful wrath.”
Michael’s ears perked up. He’d never known his father to be proud of him.
“You’re smarter than me,” Benny said, slurring his words and patting Michael on the shoulder. “You’re going to do better things, whereas I’ll prob’ly take over this spiteful restaurant and work like a slave for the rest of my days.” He held up the bottle and shouted, “To slaving away.”
“Shhh—Benny, shut up. What are you, stupid?”
Michael went so far as to clap a hand over Benny’s mouth. Benny chuckled and pushed him away.
They could see the Line at the other end of the street, its many flood lamps illuminating the Kill Zone. The machine-gun turrets scanned the area for signs of life that shouldn’t be there, and if Michael listened closely, he could hear their constant swiveling whine. The lamps brought a deadly shine to the fence and its many bushels of razor wire.
“You’re smart, Mikey. Real smart.”
“Thanks, Benny.”
“No, really, Mikey. I love you, kid. You’re a smart guy. Much smarter than me. Someday you’ll make us all proud.”
“Thanks, Benny. I love you, too.”
Michael studied the razor wire. In his mind, he was sneaking past it, shooting at guards, evading the turrets, and climbing over the Line, never to look back again. 
And Benny was by his side, always.

Their father’s voice reached them on the second floor the next morning, shaking them in their beds.
“Who in the raging hell took my keys?”
Benny and Michael stumbled down the stairs and into the cramped living room, faces puffy from all the beer and gin they had drunk the night before.
Terry Lanza sat at the kitchen table with a quiet look of rage in his eyes. His forehead and scalp, on which there were only a few licks of hair, were pinker than usual. Unfortunately for the boys, their mother was at the restaurant prepping for the regulars that came in every morning for coffee at sunrise. She was the only one who knew how to ease her husband’s tantrums.
Michael stepped back as his father got up from the chair, then dug the keys out of his pocket and held them out, eyes pointed down at the floor. He cringed a little, expecting his father to smack him.
“You little brats. You been drinking from the restaurant stock again, haven’t you?”
Benny stepped forward. “It was my idea. We were celebrating.”
“Celebrating what, exactly?”
The sour stench of metabolizing alcohol radiated from their mouths and skin. Michael had to gulp down vomit.
“Him losing his virginity last night,” Benny said, cocking his thumb at Michael.
Michael lifted his eyebrows in surprise. Terry Lanza searched his sons’ faces for any signs they were lying.
“You serious?”
“Totally. Back seat of the girl’s car. She was Upper Crust. Guess she and her girlfriends decided to go slumming for the night.” He shrugged.
“Weh-heh-hell,” their father said, and his face softened. The pink in his forehead lightened somewhat. He put a calloused hand on Michael’s shoulder and slapped it a few times. “It’s about goddamned time. I was starting to think you didn’t like girls, Mike.”
Michael glared at Benny.
“Guess it was my lucky night,” he grumbled.
“I suppose it was,” his father said, a smug look on his face. He clapped Michael once more on the shoulder. “But you’re shit out of luck today, Romeo. Double shift. Dishes followed by more dishes.” 
A violent clenching sensation seized Michael’s gut. A moment later, he was vomiting into one of his mother’s fake potted plants. Benny and Terry howled with laughter.

The kitchen sink was a rectangular metal basin with a spray nozzle dangling over it. The water that shot forth from the nozzle was white-hot and sent bursts of steam into the faces of anyone who walked by. Water dripped off Michael’s face constantly. His hands, despite the gloves, were always pink and raw at the end of the day. There were times the heat got so bad that he would have to go down into the basement and sit in the walk-in refrigerator for five minutes just to cool off.
Benny waited tables, though he spent most of his time flirting with the waitresses, of which there was now only one since Nora went off to join the harem of a wealthy Party member in the Inner Sanctum. 
Her name was Jolene, and in Michael’s opinion, she looked like a skinny cat someone had shaved, covered in makeup, and taught to walk upright. She rolled her eyes constantly, sometimes at Benny, mostly at Michael.
“Here. Dishes,” she said, unloading a stack of dirty plates by the sink.
“Morning,” Michael said.
She gave him a bored look. “Yeah, I noticed.”
Michael waited for her to go away before starting on the dishes. For there to be this many of them, a Party member must have come in with a few friends. They ate free at any restaurant outside the Inner Sanctum. It wasn’t an official rule, but no one in their right mind would think of charging a Party member actual money. Not out here, anyway.
“Michael? Michael?”
The high-pitched, parrot-like voice of his mother reached him before she rounded the corner. She wore her usual white shirt tucked into black slacks, and her hair sat atop her head in a greasy mound, a pencil sticking out of it. She was a short, heavy-breasted woman with a painted face that would have looked whorish were it not for the genuine look of innocence in her eyes. They were wide and desperate to please, like a child’s.
“Michael, there you are. I need you to help with dining room clean up tonight. Oh, don’t look at me like that. It’s only an extra hour. Do your old mother a favor. Her back is killing her.”
She placed a hand on the small of her back and rolled her eyes in a look of cartoonish agony.
“All right, all right,” Michael said. “I’ll do it.”
That was always his answer. Michael couldn’t say no to his mother. The few times he had turned down a request to work an extra shift, or work without pay, he had ended up feeling paranoid afterward, like he was going to wake up the next morning to an empty house, his family having vanished into thin air. 
“Thanks, dear,” his mother said.
Michael picked up a metal sponge and began scrubbing a pot that was deep enough to swallow his entire arm. The screen door slammed shut behind him. His father came in from the back yard, a small patch of land that was mostly mud. He stood stomping his boots against the mat and looking over the kitchen to make sure everything was in place.
“Mike,” he said, snapping his fingers. “A box of sausage patties. Let’s go.”
Michael wiped his hands on a towel that was warm and damp from all the steam. On his way to the basement stairs, he looked at his father, who furrowed his brow at him and said, “Stealing liquor, huh? What do you think this is, the Targin Empire?”
Too ashamed to reply, Michael shuffled down the stairs to the basement to get the sausage patties, which weren’t really made of sausage, but of something else—grain and gum with sausage flavoring or something. They were about as thin as tissue paper, too, and fell apart whenever you tried to flip them on the grill.
The basement was a musty, dim place, quiet except for the constant low hiss of a water pressurizer. Old pipes covered in duct tape ran along the ceiling, dripping brown streamers of dust like some kind of hanging mold. The shelves, which were supposed to hold cans of preserved fruits, tinned beans and tomatoes, boxes of pasta and rice, and bottles of olive oil and Italian spices, were empty except for the occasional dusty item. At least the restaurant had frozen food left over from the year before, when there had been more rations.
The inside of the walk-in refrigerator always smelled like winter. Michael liked to pretend, whenever he was in there, that he was a forager in the Eastlands who had just hit the jackpot: a refrigerator full of goodies out in this barren wasteland where food was scarce (more scarce, anyway). Now he would eat for weeks. Forget about going back to the surface; everything he needed was down here in this basement. And once he ran out of supplies, all he had to do was climb up into the ruins of civilization to hunt and forage for anything else he might—
A sound like leaves scraping pavement reached his ears, coming from the walk-in freezer. It took him a moment to realize it was a human voice.
The door to the freezer was inside the walk-in refrigerator, right in front of him, a solid block of wood half a foot thick. And yet, despite the barrier, he could hear the carrying whisper on the other side as clearly as he could feel the cool, misty air sliding in and out of his lungs. 
As he listened, he realized it wasn’t just one voice, but many.
...had to kill him, Gertrude. It was the only way to get this bread...
...Lard on sale here! Getcher cooking lard on sale! Prices so good they’re not even legal...
...like that, right in the vein, and press down right there...yeah, like that...oh, that’s smooth...
He put his hand on the door’s metal latch, which was ice-cold and slick, and thought for a moment. Were there people in there? No, that was crazy. But then what was he hearing? Lard on sale? That sounded like the lard vendor down the street. Why would he be hearing the man’s voice all the way down here? 
His hand slipped off the latch. He breathed in and out until his mind cleared of all its questions, and then he reached over to grab the latch again. It made a metallic clanking sound as he pulled it toward him. 
“Mike!”
His arm jerked back, his hand slipping off the latch, tingling still from the touch of cold metal. The freezer door stood open a few inches, only darkness beyond it.
Michael spun around and stared at Benny.
“What the hell’s taking you so long?” Benny said. “We need those patties now, you idiot.”
“Ben…” Michael tried to catch his breath. “Did you hear…”
Ignoring him, Benny shoved him aside, grabbed the latch, and yanked the door all the way open.

“There they are. What took you boys so long?”
Terry Lanza’s face was pink, but not from anger this time. He looked relieved to see Benny and Michael coming up the stairs, each carrying a load of sausage-flavored grain-gum patties sandwiched between layers of wax paper.
“Mike, Benny, you kids remember Uncle Sal, right? He’s come to pay the family a little visit.”
Michael had come up the stairs after Benny and couldn’t see most of the kitchen yet, only his father standing by the stoves. As the rest of the kitchen eased into his field of vision: the counters all covered in trays and cutting boards, a stack of bowls next to a small bucket of table salt, a set of stirring spoons hanging on the wall—he saw three men standing by the windows.
One man stood before the other two, short with a thick head of black hair that added two inches to his height. He was Salvador Mastrano, older brother to Michael’s father and an inspector in the Fatherland Security Department.
“Ey, Benny, come shake your uncle’s hand. Mikey, you, too. Get over here.”
They took turns shaking his hand and smelling the stink of whiskey on his breath. He didn’t come often to the restaurant, and this was the first time Michael had smelled alcohol on him. The insignia on his coat flashed: a pair of swords crossed at the hilts, the blades pointing downward.
“These two are Welcher and Boyd,” Uncle Sal said, indicating the two men leaning against the counter. “They’re working for me now.”
One of the men was lean and small and looked bored. This was Boyd. His cheeks were pockmarked, and he’d missed a patch of hair on his chin during his morning shave. He picked lint off his suit and ignored the boys. The other guy, Welcher, was taller than everyone in the room, with a head like a block of wood and thick stocky limbs. He kept his hair shaved military-fashion and flicked his eyes around like a soldier fearing an ambush.
“Congratulations on the promotion, Sally,” Terry said, clasping his hands together and shaking them. “Chief Inspector, wow. That makes you a Party member now.” He wagged his finger at his older brother. “You make our family proud.”
Uncle Sal lifted his hands as if to say it wasn’t his fault he was such a great guy. Then, flashing his artificially whitened teeth at Michael and Benny, he reached into his coat pocket and took out a piece of folded leather resembling a billfold or wallet.
“You boys ever seen one of these?”
He wagged his eyebrows and tossed it forward. Michael reached out and plucked it from the air before Benny could react.
“Look at that,” his uncle said. “Reflexes like a cat.”
It was a heavy, folded thing with two flaps of leather that buttoned together on the inside. Michael popped it open and studied the prize inside: a gold and silver FSD badge, two swords with silver blades and golden hilts, the points crossed over an elaborate shield; the ultimate status symbol in the People’s Republic. It meant you were a member of the Party, and no one could touch you.
“It’s nice,” Michael said, handing it to Benny. “Heavy.”
“Wow, Uncle Sal.” Benny gaped at it like a boy holding a shiny pistol. “This is great.”
“Well, you can’t have it,” Uncle Sal said and burst into laughter. His men saw how vigorously he was laughing and emitted their own half-hearted chuckles. 
Michael’s eyes drifted over the contents of the kitchen. How much longer would this take? A small mountain of dishes had piled up by the sink, and he could hear the heavy clanks as the waitresses continued to set down more. There were definitely Party members eating for free in the dining room today.
Uncle Sal pulled a flask out of his jacket and unscrewed the cap with an obnoxious metal squeak. “It is something, though,” he said, looking at Benny. “Maybe someday you’ll have one of your own.”
Then he looked at Michael. “Your brother, on the other hand—he wasn’t even baptized. Working as a dishwasher, no car, no girlfriend, no schooling. What is it with you, Mike? Always getting the shit end of the stick.”
He gave Michael a light smack on the chin with the tips of his fingers. Michael frowned and turned away with a “Yeah, yeah.”
“Don’t yeah yeah your uncle. Geez, you know? You’re always brooding.” Uncle Sal looked at Terry and took another gulp from his flask. “What is it with this kid?” Then back to Michael. “You got to get over yourself. There are more important things in this world than you, kid, sorry to break it to ya.”
“Like the regime?” Michael glared at his uncle.
The man’s face tightened a little. “I don’t like your tone. But if you gotta ask, the answer is yes. The People’s Republic and its devoted leaders are worth a hell of a lot more than a little dishwashing piece of shit like you.”
“Hey, now,” his father cut in. “Sal, how ’bout I fix you up a nice—”
“Shut your mouth, Terry. What are you, my wife? You’re going to fix me up a nice plate of what, apple pie?” He gave his brother a sour look and took another pull from the flask. “Ought to beat some manners into this boy, or he’ll end up in the Tank someday.”
Michael’s chest tightened a little. The Tank, officially known as the Dissenter Rehabilitation Center, was still in its experimental stages. According to rumor, the Tank employed telepaths who were trained to break open your mind and rewire it to make you follow the One President without question. People who went to the Tank never came back the same. They always seemed broken somehow. Michael had seen them come into the restaurant; pale, somber individuals that sat alone and stared out the window for hours, even as they recited their food and drink orders. 
Usually drink orders. 
“See? That got to him.” Sal clamped his free hand on Michael’s shoulder, lifting the flask in the other. “You want to go to the Tank, boy? One word from me and your whole life changes.” He lifted his hand and snapped his fingers. “Like that.”
Having noticed the desperate, pleading look on his father’s face, Michael looked down at his uncle’s shiny black shoes in defeat.
“I was out of line. It won’t happen again.”
“Won’t happen again, what?”
Michael met his uncle’s narrowed eyes. For a moment, he considered telling Uncle Sal to get lost. After all, they were family. He wouldn’t really throw Michael into the Tank, would he?
Something strange happened instead. 
A pale spot appeared in the center of his uncle’s forehead, almost the same color as his skin but slightly transparent; like a foggy spot on a pane of glass. Behind that misty smear was what appeared to be a vertical, shivering thread, and it was dancing for Michael and no one else. Sal’s men peered at him like they knew something strange was going on.
“I don’t like the way you’re looking at me, boy,” his uncle said.
Michael snapped out of it and took a deep breath.
“It won’t happen again, sir,” he said loudly enough to fill the restaurant with his voice. 
He even saluted.
Chapter 4

Uncle Sal and his men returned while Michael was finishing cleaning up the dining room. 
A light rain fell outside. It was past ten o’clock, and the restaurant had already closed for the night. When Michael saw his uncle’s black car slide into the parking lot, he told his mother to keep his overtime money and ran for the stairs leading up to his bedroom. 
She caught up to him and spun him around, eyes wide with fright.
“Don’t leave me with him. Please.”
Michael’s stomach tightened. “Okay, but just for another hour. Then we kick him out.”
“You know we can’t do that.”
Uncle Sal’s fist banged the front door. His mother crept up to it and said meekly, “Who is it?”
“It’s me, Sally. Come on, open up.”
She held the door against her like a shield as the men stumbled in.
“There we go,” Uncle Sal said, shaking raindrops off the lapels of his coat and drinking in the sight of the empty, freshly cleaned restaurant. Michael could still smell the hot breath of the vacuum cleaner, which he had stuffed back into the closet only moments earlier.
Terry Lanza emerged from the kitchen, wiping his hands with a rag.
“Sal?”
“You know it, baby brother.”
Jolene emerged from the bathroom, dressed to go out on the town, all done up with plastic heels, black tights, and heavy eye shadow. When she saw Sal, her painted face tightened with regret. Michael imagined what was going through her mind: If only I’d gone out the back door...
Uncle Sal fixed his gaze on Jolene. “I didn’t realize you had such pretty girls working the place, Terry. Bet your wife worries all day long, eh? You ever think of taking one into the back room?”
Frowning, Terry Lanza inspected his hands and kept silent. Jolene backed away a step as Uncle Sal and his men closed in on her.
“You put that apron back on, sweetheart. We’re huuungry.” 
His nostrils flared as he took a big whiff of her scent. Boyd and Welcher grinned at each other.
Jolene swallowed her anger, turned, and headed back into the bathroom. Michael let out a quiet sigh of relief. He had expected Jolene to rattle off some catty response like she usually did. Thankfully, she had kept her mouth shut.
The men, still in their suits, made themselves comfortable in one of the large center tables, which Sal demanded that Terry load up with hot food. Michael’s mother was ordered to bring out a constant stream of beer and wine. She kept wincing in disgust as the men took liberties with Jolene, grabbing handfuls of breast, smacking her rump, forcing her to bend down and kiss Sal’s cheek in congratulation. 
This continued for the next two hours, and the anger burning inside Michael was enough to make him sweat. Jolene bore the brunt of their vulgar behavior, keeping amazingly calm. He wanted to rescue her from it somehow, but he had never felt more helpless in his life. 
Uncle Sal caught Michael staring at him from the back of the dining room, where Michael had been instructed to stand until he was needed. With his mouth full of pasta, Sal reached toward Michael’s mother, watching him the whole time, and cupped a hand around her sizeable right breast. He smirked at Michael as he squeezed it.
When they were gone, Michael spent ten minutes standing in the refrigerator, but even that wasn’t enough to cool him off. And what was the deal with those voices in the freezer? Was he going insane?
When he came back up, his father was looking at the bill.
“What’s the damage?” Michael said.
“A little over five hundred,” his father said with a heavy sigh. “Thousand.”
It was as much as the restaurant made in two weeks if they were lucky.
“Did he leave a tip, at least?”
His father placed the list of expenses on the counter, propped his hands against the edge, and let his head hang.
“No. He thanked me for throwing him a nice party, though.”
They sank into an uncomfortable silence. The kitchen needed to be cleaned again.
“Call it a night, Dad. I’ll take care of the mess.”
“No.” He looked at Michael and his face seemed to sag. “I’ll do it myself. Go on.”
“Dad…”
“Damn it, Mike. Just go.”

A week later, Michael was on his way to the Capitalist Pig to meet Benny when he heard his parents talking in the living room. He held back, perched on the stairs in his dark jeans and black sweatshirt, a deeper shadow among shadows, and listened.
His parents spoke in hushed tones. There was someone with them. A man.
“I’m the one protecting this family. I’m the one keeping the Feds out of your business. You don’t think I know you’re holding back on your taxes? You don’t think they know? Come on, Terry. You’re smarter than that. They could take the place away from you.” He snapped his fingers. “Like that.”
It was Uncle Sal. Michael held his breath as every muscle in his body tensed.
“My God, Sally,” his father said. “This is all I got.”
His mother made a shushing sound. 
“It’ll be all right,” she said. “I can handle it.”
A fist crashed into the table with a loud bang.
“Don’t tell me you want this, Lydia. Don’t you dare.”
“Hey, hey,” Uncle Sal said. “She’s no whore, Terry. But she’s willing to make the sacrifice. For her family. For this place. Come on, you’re my brother. You understand the guys at work expect this sort of thing. Protection comes at a price. Unless you can afford—”
“You know I can’t.”
“Okay, so look at it from my perspective. I help you out for nothing in return, what are the guys at the department going to think of me?”
“But I’m your brother. Benny and Mike are your nephews. Isn’t that enough?”
“Not to those guys. You know how it is, Terry. I’ve told you this before. If you don’t make a sacrifice, it’ll look bad. I’m only talking once, twice a week.”
“I make plenty of sacrifices,” Terry said, his voice softer now. He was pleading. “The Party keeps half the money I earn and more. Come on, Sal, I’m begging you here.”
“How ’bout this, then: we keep it in the family. No one has to know, eh? Not your sons, not your neighbors. I’ll tell the guys at work, but that’ll be it. Hell, they’re all doing it, too. They wouldn’t understand if I opted out. You want me to look bad in front of them?”
“Then lie about it, Sal.”
“Are you kidding me? They got ments—little ment kids—that make sure we don’t do that kinda thing. Look at me, Terry. You’re getting off lucky here. Under my protection, your tax fumbles won’t even matter. There’s zero chance you’ll get shipped to the camps. You know what would happen to Lydia here if you got shipped to a labor camp, right? And your two boys?”
There was a moment of silence in which Michael’s blood pulsed through his body with such loud insistence that he could hear it.
“Okay, then.” Uncle Sal clapped his hands together. “It’s settled. Two nights a week, starting Thursday. It’s the best thing for your family, baby brother. Trust me.”
Michael waited for his father to say something, but the man kept silent. Michael turned very slowly and tiptoed back to his room, where he tossed and turned in his bed for hours, trying to decipher what he had just heard. 
His dreams over the next few days were erratic and terrifying. In one recurring dream, he was in a dark van with strangers dressed in all black. They had no faces, only pale masks of flesh covering their skulls, and they were murmuring deep in their throats and reaching for him, all fingers and nails, as the van drove them through a place that smelled like trees.

Thursday arrived quickly.
Michael went to bed early that night and awoke covered in sweat to a strange tugging sensation. It was as if a string had been tied to a hook inside his skull, and someone was pulling it from another room. He pushed aside his covers and swung his legs out of the bed.
“Oh, man,” he said as a dry ache flared inside his head. Something wasn’t right.
A rumble came from down the hall, a sound like furniture being shifted. He held his breath and listened. A clapping sound followed, like someone being slapped.
Michael clicked off the bathroom light and stood listening in the dark. The sound had come from his parents’ bedroom.
Exactly where the tugging sensation was trying to lead him.
He crept toward the stairs, keeping his eyes on the door. A squeak sounded, followed by a low clack. An image flashed in his mind of his parents wrestling naked on top of the covers. 
And yet somehow, inexplicably, he knew the man inside the room was not his father.
“Shhh…easy,” said a gruff voice, followed by a woman’s panicked breathing.
Michael tried the knob but the door was locked. He took a few steps back, then sprinted forward, raised his right foot, and kicked the door open.
The bed was a mess of tousled blankets and sheets that had been pulled toward the center, exposing the frayed corners of the mattress. On top of that mess lay his mother, naked and spread-eagled as if in the process of giving birth. Her breasts flopped on either side of her like they were melting off her chest.
A man with a stocky body and a hairy chest kneeled at the end of the mattress, also completely naked, a shadowy figure in the low light. He held an empty bottle in his right hand like he wanted to hit something with it. There was a dank, clammy smell in the room. A single candle on the bedside table added a disturbing intimacy to the scene. 
Michael flipped the switch, and the room filled with light so fast it was like a powdery burst, like flour being thrown into his eyes. The two figures on the bed winced.
Uncle Sal pulled back his right arm, the one holding the bottle. Michael didn’t have time to react. He was so shocked by the sight of his mother’s naked body, that at first he didn’t realize the loud thump and the sunburst of pain on his skull had come from the bottle, which his uncle had thrown straight at him. It rolled across the carpeted floor. Michael fell against the wall and covered the throbbing welt on his head.
“Mom?” he said.
“Mikey, it’s not what you think,” his mother said, covering her breasts. “Get out of here. Go!”
Uncle Sal climbed down off the mattress. He bared his teeth, hairy chest quivering.
“You little shit!”
Michael scrambled backward on the carpet, arms raised to defend himself.
“Uncle Sal, don’t!”
The man grabbed Michael by the hair and flung him against the wall.
“Think you can just barge in on me?”
His uncle got hold of the bottle again. He held it up, about to strike. 
Michael lifted his arms and cringed. The invisible thread that had pulled him here was quivering wildly now; he could feel it reaching for the smaller, tighter thread in Uncle Sal’s head now visible to Michael—reaching to connect them both.
A word burst from Michael’s mouth as the connection was made.
“Stop!”
He kept his arms over his head, eyes shut tight. There was no crash, no shatter of glass. All he heard were pounding footsteps as men ran down the hall toward the room. Sal’s men were coming.
He opened his eyes to the revolting sight of his uncle’s limp genitals and hanging belly, his chest hair matted down with sweat. His gaze crept further up until it reached Sal’s face, which was frozen into a mask of howling rage. He was still holding the bottle high above his head without wavering at all, without blinking, like he’d suddenly become a statue.
Deep, steadying breaths kept Michael from vomiting. His father and Benny ran to the door, looked in for a moment, then cautiously sidestepped inside. They kept their eyes on Sal.
“What’s going on?” Benny said. He looked at his mother, who was on her knees on the mattress, still naked and clutching a bed sheet up to her neck. “Ma, what—what are you…”
“Oh God!” She scrambled off the bed, wrapping herself in the sheet. “Terry, my God, what did he do to him?”
Terry Lanza stood frozen in place much like his older brother, mouth gaping open.
“Dad,” Michael said, standing. He circled around his flash-frozen uncle. “I don’t know what happened. All I said was—”
“Stop.” His father held up a hand. “Don’t say another word.”
“But, Dad…”
“You can explain later.” He pointed at Sal. “Right now we need to clean him up.”

It was like moving an awkward piece of furniture.
Terry tied a bed sheet around his brother’s waist so it resembled a giant diaper. Then the three of them—Michael, his father, and Benny—lowered the man’s flabby arms and tipped him onto the bed. They tried closing his eyes, but the lids kept springing open. It was Michael’s idea to place coins over them to keep them shut.
When Uncle Sal was safely nestled in bed—the coins giving him a phantom-like staring expression—the four members of the Lanza family went downstairs and opened a bottle of wine, one his father had been saving for a special occasion. A resigned expression on his father’s face told Michael the man was not surprised by any of this. They sat in silence for a while until Terry began to speak.
“She was my sister,” he began in a weary voice. “Claudia was, I guess you could say, different. We had to change our family name after what happened to her, from Cairne to Lanza, my mother’s maiden name. By then, Sal was already in the academy, and my father had disowned him. Sal changed his last name to Mastrano to further distance himself from our family. That’s how scared he was of Claudia.”
Michael absently took a sip of wine, not really tasting it, his attention wholly on his father’s words. His mother, dressed in pajamas and wrapped in a thick blanket, poured herself another glassful. Benny only sat back and listened.
“There was an incident at school when she was about nine years old,” his father continued. “She shouted something at her teacher, and the woman had some kind of breakdown. No one knows exactly what happened, but later that night, men in suits came to our house. They drugged her and took her away. I was ten years old. I never saw my sister again.
“One night around thirteen years ago—I remember it was during a thunderstorm that knocked out the power—a woman showed up at our doorstep carrying a four-year-old kid. She was soaked to the bone. They both were, and the kid’s lips were blue. 
“‘This is Claudia’s son,’ she told me. ‘His name is Michael, and he needs to be kept safe.’ I invited her in, but she said it was too dangerous. She said her sister and her sister’s husband had been killed, and that she’d been running for days. The boy had to be protected at all costs, she said, meaning you, Michael. She said it was your mother’s dying wish that you be loved and protected. I remember the woman had this strange tic. She kept blinking, like her eyes stung.
“Then she said something I couldn’t figure out for the longest time. ‘When he reaches puberty, he’ll need special help. You have to find Louis Bell…’ or something like that—some name she didn’t quite finish because she died, right there on the doorstep. I saw the bloody bandages when I took you from her arms. She’d been shot in her side. I guess she ran all the way here like that.
“I checked her clothes, but she didn’t have any money or identification. I hid you upstairs and had the police come for the body. I told them she was just some crazy woman looking for shelter. I guess they believed me, because they didn’t send anyone to follow up. I got lucky. If the police had come by with one of their ment lie detectors…”
He let the thought go unfinished. Michael stared down at the table, stunned at the possibility that he had a whole other family apart from this one—his real family, with a mother named Claudia…
“You were so sick,” his mother—no, his aunt—said into the silence. “I thought you would die.”
Benny added, “I remember that. I was six years old.” He frowned at his father. “You told me he’d been staying with Aunt Lina up in New Garten, because he was too sick for us to take care of him.”
Terry wiped one eye with a shivering hand, ignoring the others and focusing on Michael. “I knew as soon as I looked at you that you were Claudia’s son. You have her eyes, Mike.”
Michael held his emotions at bay and spoke calmly. “Who’s my real father?”
Terry Lanza—the man who had been his father for thirteen years, deceitfully so, and was actually his uncle—sighed and shook his head. “I was hoping you wouldn’t ask me that.”
“I have to know. Is it this Louis Bell guy? Is it?”
Terry closed his eyes. “I’m sorry, son. I can’t tell you what I don’t know.” He opened them and gave Michael a pitying look. “I’ve been turning this over in my head for years, and I think I know who she wanted me to find, who the man is that could give you this ‘special help’ you were going to need.”
“Who?” Michael said.
“The terrorist who blew up North Liberty Station and killed all those people,” his father answered in a fearful whisper. “Not Louis Bell—but Louis Blake.”
Chapter 5

The mountains shone in the distance like piles of gold covered with moss.
“Kill the ment! Kill him dead!” the boys chanted.
There were three of them. The nearest one threw a rock, then melted back into a crouch behind the grassy dune. The rock smacked the window of a ramshackle house half-hidden among the trees. The boys giggled.
“You hit it,” one said.
“You didn’t shatter it, though,” said the other.
“Shut up! I’d like to see you try it.”
The boy who’d thrown the rock glowered at his two friends, challenging them to say something else about how the glass hadn’t broken. He looked dirty but proud in his dusty gray T-shirt and faded cargo pants. A true Eastlander. All he needed now was a pistol shoved into his belt. 
His name was Gary. The other two were Eric and Sid.
“Do you think he’ll come out?” Eric said.
“Nah.” Gary peered over the dune at the rickety old house. His arm tensed with the urge to throw something bigger. “He never comes out. He’s just an old ment who smokes too much. That’s what my mom says, anyway. Here, gimme something else.”
Eric and Sid searched the ground. Sid found a glass bottle, dusty brown with the label worn off, and handed it over. “What about this?”
“It’ll do. Gotta fill it with dirt first to make it heavier. Watch and learn.”
He tilted the spout against the dune and smoothed dirt over the opening. In the mountain cliffs surrounding the small town, crows called to each other across the canyon in which the town lay. It was a bright, sunny afternoon; a delicious day for mischief.
“We could get in so much trouble for this,” Eric said.
“Wait a second.” This was Sid, always the scaredy cat. “What if he’s our teacher in a few years?”
“Will you shut up?” Gary said. The bottle was half full now. “All right. Ready?”
He peered around the side of the dune, located the window he wanted to hit, and got ready to launch.
A strange thing happened. Before he could release the bottle, the muscles in his arm went soft. It was as if they had turned to dough. It wasn’t just his arm, either. The feeling was spreading all over his body.
A wretched coughing sound—like the hacking of a sick dog—tore its way out of the house.
“What the hell is that?” Eric said.
Sid’s breathing came out panicked. “Just throw it and let’s get out of here.”
Gary was still trying to figure out what was wrong with his arm. It drifted down to his side like melting candle wax, the fingers going soft around the bottle. The muscles around his bladder began to loosen as well. He looked down at the dark stain spreading over his thighs.
His mother had always told him to stay away from Old Man Blake.
He should have listened.

Louis Blake peered through the blinds at the grassy dune in front of his house. He’d have to get rid of that thing, shovel it down flat or something. It was too good of a hiding spot for those little brats.
Out there, next to the dune, the boys were laughing at the one who had wet himself.
“Ha ha ha, Gary pissed himself. Ha ha ha.”
“Shut up!”
They chased after the boy with the wet pants, Gary Tomlinson. Blake knew his mother. Gary didn’t look back at the house once, and Blake chuckled.
“Serves you right, you little bastard.”
This sent him into another coughing fit. He pressed his mouth into the crook of his arm as a web of pain spread across his chest. The cough syrup was on the kitchen counter, still wrapped in Midas’s note.
He made his way toward it with shuffling steps. He unwrapped and immediately read the scrap of paper on which Midas had scrawled the message in his sloppy script. For such a smart man—a doctor, no less—his handwriting was that of a drunken sixth grader.
Louis,
New stuff here. Should help with the pain as well as the coughing. Will dull your mind a little, but that shouldn’t be a problem. If you weren’t such a dummy to begin with, you’d have quit smoking a long time ago.
Midas
“Yeah, yeah.” A dry rasp instead of a voice. “Go tell it on the mountain, you old drunk.”
He crumpled the note and tossed it at the overflowing wastebasket in the corner, where it bounced off the rest of the trash and tumbled into a square of sunlight beneath the window.
He drank a mouthful of cough syrup, burped, and let out a tired sigh.

Louis Blake didn’t feel like a man of sixty-seven years. He felt more like a man in his eighties.
The sun blasted down on him as he descended the porch steps, one hand on his lower back to soothe a pain that had risen there.
He took out his pack of cigarettes, fished around for one, and stuck it between his cracked lips. Just as he was about to light it, he heard the phone ring inside the house.
“Son of a bitch,” he said, lighting it anyway and gulping down the smoke. There were no phones in Gulch, except this one: Blake’s old satellite phone, which he hadn’t used in close to eight months. Sam Weisman was supposed to call him once a year on Blake’s birthday to make sure the phone still worked. He was early by more than four months, which meant something was wrong.
Blake tripped on his way up the porch steps.
“Damn it,” he said as his back filled with pain. He grabbed the banister and limped the rest of the way. The phone beeped and a man’s voice filled the living room, high and nasally.
“Blake, Weisman here.”
Blake crashed through the screen door and almost tripped over the mat where he always wiped his boots. His cigarette exploded in a puff of burning embers.
“God damn it.”
“…hope you’re sitting down,” the voice continued, “because I’ve got something you need to hear.”
Blake dove toward the table on which the phone sat half-covered by a yellowed newspaper and a spider web. It was cold against his ear. 
“Sam, what is it? What have you got?”
He was thankful for Midas’s cough syrup. The stuff was magic. All of this action would have sent him into a coughing fit otherwise.
“Glad I caught you, Major. Listen, I need you to take a seat.”
Blake let out a grating sigh. He was slumped over the table on his elbows. “Just throw it at me.”
He could hear Weisman lighting a cigarette of his own. Blake pictured the smoke curling against the brim of his baseball cap, the man’s thin, cynical eyes narrowing above his beak nose.
“One of our scouts picked up a signal. He followed it into the slums—”
“Which one?”
“Cielo Tercer.”
“Go on.”
“Well”—Weisman dragged on the cigarette, obviously at a loss for words—“we got ourselves a Type I, it seems. No blocking ability whatsoever. Just pure transmission. Almost like he wants to be found.”
“You’re sure—”
“I’ve never seen a power this strong, not since—you know who.”
Blake rose and stood bent over the table, phone pressed to his ear, mouth open in shock.
“I don’t believe it. It—it’s got to be a false alarm.”
“I’m just telling you what we picked up. I’d seek him out myself, but—”
“No. This one’s out of your field of expertise. It could be dangerous.”
“That’s why I called you, Major.”
Blake closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “They’ll find him.”
“Yeah, we will,” Weisman said, “unless you get someone on it fast. Someone who’s in the city now.”
Blake rifled through the mess on his desk, found a scrap of paper and a pencil, and readied himself to take notes. “I can be there by tomorrow night.”
Weisman let out a faint chuckle. “Don’t kid yourself. You’re better off calling Dominic.”
“Good idea. Give me his address.”
“I was joking. Besides, that’s highly valuable infor—”
“Not now. His address.”
Blake scribbled it down as Weisman reluctantly provided the information. The letters came out sloppy and crooked. His hand was shaking.
“How do you know it’s him, anyway?” Weisman said. “I mean, it’s been so long.”
“Because we only made one, remember? And his mother’s dead.”
He could hear Weisman smoking, could picture the pensive look on his bony, hawkish face.
“You sure you want Dominic in on this? After what happened?”
Blake looked at the address, flashed it into his memory, then lit the paper on fire with his cigarette lighter. “It’s the only way.”
“You still got friends at the border, then?”
“Gotta go, Sam.” Blake was already reaching for the kitchen drawer where he kept his pistol.
“Blake, things are bad over here. You’re still the FSD’s most-wanted criminal. You get yourself into a jam, even I won’t be able to get you out.”
Sam was right about that much. Despite being high up in the Party’s ranks, he thought the ideology was bullshit. He said as much, too. The only thing keeping him from getting thrown into a labor camp was his genius for mathematics. He was one of the few men keeping the Central Economic Planning Ministry from imploding. The regime needed him and everyone knew it, and that made Sam Weisman fearless. 
The phone was now resting on its side with Sam Weisman’s voice floating up and fading into the hot air. Standing by the window, Blake held the pistol up to the light and inspected it. He released the clip, took a good look at it from each angle, and slid it back in.
With sharp movements, he pulled back the slide and chambered a bullet.
“I guess you are serious,” the voice on the phone said. “Good luck, then.”
The phone clicked, followed by silence. Blake had already left the room.
Chapter 6

The fights were held in an underground parking garage, on a floor closed off by orange tape and “UNDER CONSTRUCTION” signs. The signs were misleading; there was no actual work being done, unless you counted fists rearranging faces.
A ring of men hollered at two fighters in the center, their voices echoing in the cavernous space, along with the heavy smacking sounds of knuckles pounding flesh. The onlookers were dressed in business suits and leather jackets, money gripped tightly in their fists.
“Take him down, Swan Song, take him down!”
Dominic landed on his back, hard. He was shirtless, sweaty, his long hair knotted and dirty with blood and grime. His opponent—a man who called himself Swan Song—landed on top of him, a big, beefy guy with curly hair all over his chest, a gleaming bald head, and a handlebar mustache. He drove a fist into Dominic’s face, then pummeled his abdomen as Dominic tried desperately to block the blows.
Then, in a daring move, Dominic pulled his knee up between them—placing the flat of his boot against Swan Song’s chest—and sent him flying through the air. The big guy landed against several men in suits, whose cheers showed their excitement at being brought into the fray. They had to combine their efforts to push him back in.
“Now you get it,” Swan Song said.
The air stank of blood and musty concrete. Dominic clenched his teeth, crunching pieces of the floor that had gotten into his mouth. Swan Song tried to charge him with his shoulder.
Dominic sidestepped and threw a sideways punch that turned the big guy’s head. Swan Song stayed down on one knee, looking for a moment like he was praying. He shook his head to restore his senses.
“Come on, Dominic, you wimp,” an onlooker shouted.
Dominic gave the man a sour look.
A fraction of a moment. That was all it took. 
Swan Song drove his bulky shoulder into Dominic’s lower back and sent him flying into the crowd. The men parted around the fighters, then howled and shook their fists in victory as Swan Song dropped a single solid punch into Dominic’s face for a K.O.

Afterward, washing up in the men’s room, Dominic heard the swish of the door being swept open. He tensed, an automatic response left over from his military days. It was his opponent from the ring. Swan Song strolled in, wearing a tank top that showed off his round muscles, one hand playing with a tip of his handlebar mustache.
“You are Dominic,” he said with an accent.
Dominic nodded and went back to washing his hands. If the man wanted another round, he would have one. But this time, Dominic wouldn’t play by the rules.
“Good fight,” Swan Song said, smiling at him. Something was odd about that smile.
Dominic shook the water off his hands. “Get out of my way,” he told him, making for the door.
“Wait.” Swan Song grabbed Dominic’s arm. “Why don’t we go for a drink? I’ll buy. For your bruises.”
Dominic considered this. He could use a drink, and he was low on cash tonight as usual, but he also wanted to go back to his apartment and feed the cat that always showed up at his window at the same time every night. 
“Not tonight,” Dominic told the big guy, frowning. 
“You’re always saying ‘no.’ I hear this about you, Dom. Come on. Don’t be shy.”
“Don’t be—what?”
Swan Song gave Dominic an artificially sweetened smile. “You and I, we are not so different. I could tell by the way you fight. Let’s go have some fun together.” He stroked the side of Dominic’s bruised face. “I know a club few streets over where you and I could really dance.”
Dominic brushed the hand away and tried to shove past the big guy. Apparently, Swan Song had expected this sort of reaction. He grabbed Dominic’s arms and sent him backward against the wall of the tiny bathroom. 
“Shouldn’t have done that,” Dominic said through a snarl.
Swan Song pulled out a switchblade, flicked it open, and held it up.
“What are you laughing at now, pretty boy? Tonight, you do as I say.”
“Is that right?” Dominic said.
Swan Song grinned and made a slashing motion with the knife.
“Turn around,” he said. “Put your hands on the wall.”
“You got it.”
Dominic turned, and as he did, he closed his eyes and fanned a single thought outward.
Slow…

Swan Song blinked, suddenly alone in the bathroom.
“What the…” he said, turning and looking around for Dominic. There was the old, rusted sink and the brown, filthy toilet—but no skinny fighter with the narrowed, brooding eyes that he had found so attractive while fighting him in the ring. Where was that skinny bitch? 
He turned toward the door.
The light in the bathroom seemed to darken as something moved incredibly fast in front of him. 
The first blow took him in the side of the head, the second right in his belly—and still he couldn’t see his attacker. The third, fourth, and fifth blows made him shake and shiver like a man taking shots from an automatic weapon. 
I’m nothing like you, a voice whispered in his mind.
The pain hit him all at once, and before he knew what had happened, Swan Song found himself on the cold, concrete floor, groaning and tasting his own blood, watching a pair of boots walk calmly past the open door and into the hallway. 
The only sound he could hear, apart from those soft footsteps, was of a man whistling a light tune. Swan Song wanted to ask Dominic if he was the Devil, or if maybe he worked for him in some formal capacity. It was the only explanation he could come up with.
Instead he gave in to the pleasant sensation of slipping away from the pain. A moment later, he was unconscious.
Chapter 7

“You didn’t use your ability once in that fight,” Louis Blake told Dominic, as if the younger man didn’t already know that. Dominic reached up, touched one of his bruises, and winced at the sudden pain. “Doesn’t make sense to me, but then again, you never did make sense.”
Dominic frowned at him.
Blake had picked Dominic up outside his apartment, catching him in the act of feeding a stray cat. He would have made some sort of joke, but the situation was too grave. Dominic had read the urgency in Blake’s expression and had gotten into the car without asking.
Now, in this hole of a bar down the street, Dominic sat slumped over a mug of beer, his face beginning to resemble a rotten piece of fruit. He kept glancing at the back door for some reason. 
“You could have aced that fight in a heartbeat,” Blake said.
Dominic scowled at him. “Can’t win every time. You don’t make money that way.”
“Speaking of money, how much?”
“How much what?”
Blake gave a knowing smirk. “How much do you owe?”
Dominic gulped down the rest of his beer and motioned to the bartender for another round.
“You haven’t changed a bit, Blake,” he said and burped. “I owe a fat man seven million.”
“That’s nothing,” Blake said.
“You’ve been out of town a long time, old man. Ten million people in this city wish they made that much in a year.”
“Here.” Blake said. He pulled an envelope out of an inside coat pocket. “Use this.”
Just as he was handing over the envelope, the back door opened with a slam. It was as if someone had kicked it open. Dominic closed his eyes.
“Here we go,” he said.
A bulky man in a beige suit and a red bow tie stepped into the bar’s main seating area. Beyond him was a large office, and from that office emerged two gigantic men, each dressed in a black suit. They flanked the first man as he settled his gaze on Dominic.
“Dom.” He spread his arms and walked over. “I’m back in town. Aren’t you glad to see me? Shit.”
Blake startled a bit as the man shouted that last word.
“Didn’t expect you so soon, Gigi,” Dominic grumbled.
“I watched your fight from the monitors. Wasn’t too happy with what I saw. It was a beautiful fight, though.” He took Dominic’s face in both of his hands and slapped it around lightly. Wincing in pain, Dominic pulled away and stood up so suddenly that his chair tipped over and clacked against the floorboards.
The bodyguards reached into their coats, placing their hands on their guns. The air in the bar stood still as everyone held their breath and watched. 
A wide, wet smile spread across Gigi’s face. It was obvious he and Dominic had done this dance before.
“It was a beautiful fight, but it didn’t last long enough. I told you twenty-five minutes in the ring. You gave me fifteen. So I lost five million.” His face tightened and he made a violent ffff sound with his lips.
“How much did you make?” Dominic said in a challenging tone.
Gigi sniffed the air. “Shit,” he screamed suddenly, his jowls quivering. His face rearranged itself into a pleasant smile. “That’s not your concern. We had a deal. A knockout after twenty-five minutes. So I’ll be adding that five million to the seven you owe me, which is about fourteen-point-five now, with interest and all. Which means you owe me—oh, let’s see”—he counted on his fingers—“let’s round it up to fifteen. Sound good? You have five days.”
“I’ll give you seven million right now,” Dominic said, holding out the envelope. “Cash. Now you leave me and my friend alone so we can enjoy our drinks.”
Gigi took the envelope and looked inside. He tipped his head left and right as he counted. His hand shivered and his face went tight. Blake knew what was coming and forced himself not to wince.
“Spiteful wrath! Shit!”
The people in the bar tensed as Gigi screamed up at the ceiling. The outburst lasted only a moment. His face returned to its normal tilt, and he gave Blake a cynical smile.
“You gave him this money, huh? You’re his rich daddy? How much more you got?”
“That was all of it,” Blake said.
“I don’t believe you.” The fat man motioned for one of his men to search Blake. Blake rose from his chair and glowered at the approaching bodyguard.
“I wouldn’t do that.”
The bodyguard reached into his suit jacket and kept his hand there, eyes narrowing on a square face. 
“Boss?”
Gigi motioned for the bodyguard to stand back.
“You’re not from these parts,” he told Blake, “you’re on Murcielo territory. You know that, right?”
“You got your fight and you got your money,” Blake said. “So if you don’t mind, we’ll be on our way.”
He spoke with the calm, sharp-edged authority that only decades of military command can instill in a man. Gigi must have noticed this; he squinted at Blake as he considered his next words.
“You’re from the Eastlands,” he said. “I knew I detected an accent. But you have western military experience, like me—which means you’re a defect—”
Before Gigi could finish his sentence, Blake whipped him in the throat with rigid fingers while pulling his pistol out of his holster with his free hand. He swung himself around the fat man to put him in a headlock.
The bodyguards had their weapons out in a flash. By then Blake’s pistol had found a home nestled against Gigi’s right temple.
“I’ll shoot him,” Blake said. “And none of you will get paid. Think about that.”
The bodyguards watched their boss for guidance. This wasn’t an everyday encounter for them. Not even close. 
Squinting at the men, Blake attuned himself to the strings dancing in their minds. If any one of them came up with a bright idea, like trying to shoot him in the head, he would sense it.
Dominic was smirking now at Gigi’s men. “I would do what he says.”
Locked in Blake’s arm, Gigi struggled to speak. “Wh—who are you? Spite, spite!”
“Dominic,” Blake said, ignoring the squirming man. “Relieve these men of their weapons.”
“None of you move,” a voice said behind Blake, followed by the chik-chik of a pump-action shotgun chambering a round. 
The bartender.
“Any of you sonsabitches fires a shot in my bar, and I’ll be paintin’ the wall with your childhood memories, you feel me?”
The overhead lights blinked, darkening the bar for a split second. Dominic had disappeared. The spot in which he’d been standing was empty now except for the toppled chair.
Blake knew better than to move. This trick worked better when you let it wash over you like a drug. Already he could feel his awareness of time narrowing.
The bar was quiet except for Gigi’s whimpers. Everyone was looking around for Dominic, trying to solve the mystery. A man couldn’t just disappear like that.
Low, sinister laughter filled the bar. The chuckles of a deranged killer. It sounded like it was coming from above. The bodyguards looked up at the empty ceiling, and then one fell to his knees, a strangled cry erupting from his throat.
Behind Blake, the shotgun went off—but it had been pointed up at the ceiling. Blake spun, still holding Gigi in front of him like a shield, and dove backward into a table. The bar’s few remaining clients, too afraid to move until now, scrambled to get out through the front door.
The bartender, still standing and holding the shotgun, let out a gasp of terror as his arm was grabbed and twisted—by nobody, apparently—and the shotgun went spinning up a few feet in the air.
Seemingly out of nowhere, a hand reached out and caught the shotgun.
Dominic had appeared behind the bartender, close enough to whisper in his pink ear, the shotgun held firmly in his left hand. He kicked out the bartender’s knees, dropping him, then aimed the weapon at the bodyguard still holding his pistol. The other bodyguard—the one Dominic had punched in the throat—was on his hands and knees, coughing.
Stupidly, the one with the pistol moved to aim at Blake. The shotgun went off in Dominic’s hand without hesitation, blowing off the man’s fingers and sending the pistol across the room.
The blast put a hole in the back wall, sending plaster and brick particles into the air. Gigi coughed as the dust entered his throat.
“Oh, shit,” Blake said.
When the particles entered his nose and lungs, it felt immediately like an explosion had gone off in his chest. He coughed like he’d never done in his life.
Dominic winced at the sound.
“You need to quit smoking,” he said, releasing the bartender.
“My bar,” the man said. “Dominic, you son of a bitch. Look what you did to my bar.”
“Nothing money can’t fix.”
Dominic flipped a wheezing, shivering Gigi onto his back and searched his pockets. Blake, still coughing, was trying to keep his gun steadily trained on the bodyguards, one of whom kept glancing at the pistol on the floor like he thought he could still be a hero. His partner gripped his wounded hand, moaning through clenched teeth. Served him right for being foolish.
“Tell these men,” Blake told Gigi through hacking coughs, “to stand down.”
“Do it,” Gigi told his men, gasping for breath. “Stand down! Stand down!”
The bartender was still fretting about the damage done to his bar. Dominic found what he was looking for, held up the envelope stuffed with bills, and tossed it to the bartender.
“This should cover the repairs.”
“You’re ments, aren’t you?” the bartender said, stuffing the envelope down the front of his pants. “You should be arrested.”
“Not today,” Dominic said, aiming the shotgun at the bodyguard whose eyes continued to flirt with the pistol on the floor. 
Dominic flashed out of view, the pistol disappeared, and then he was standing right back where he’d been a moment earlier. 
“Do your thing,” he told Blake, slipping the pistol into the back of his jeans.
Blake had finally stopped coughing, though he could still feel a few more trapped in his chest. He pounded his rib cage a few times and cleared his throat, wanting desperately to smoke a cigarette. Funny how a cigarette could make him feel so good after a coughing spell.
Blake’s right hand trembled as he brought it up to the side of his head and caged the fingers over his right ear. Wincing, looking over the eyes of the men in front of him, he saw that he had the full attention of everyone present, including the wounded bodyguard clutching his ragged hand and whimpering in the corner.
“You’ll go to sleep,” Blake said. “And when you wake up, you won’t remember any of this.”
Dominic touched the side of his own head. Like a needle being eased into Blake’s skull, Dominic’s voice entered, sharp and clean.
Again. With me.
“Go to sleep,” Blake repeated, relying heavily on Dominic’s support. He’d gotten rusty over the years. “And when you wake up, you won’t remember any of this.”
Gigi’s eyes slid shut as he fell back against a toppled chair, blissfully asleep and snoring even as he tumbled. The bodyguards and the bartender followed suit and seemed to melt into the floor. 
Dominic tore off Gigi’s bow tie and made a tourniquet to keep the wounded bodyguard from bleeding to death. Then he gave Blake a nod and they got out of there.

They reached Blake’s car after ten minutes of walking only to find FSD officers inspecting it.
“Ah, damn,” Blake said.
Dominic frowned. “You have another one, right?”
“Don’t worry. Weisman has people all over the city that can set us up. Come on, we’ll walk there. It’s safer than driving, anyway.”
They were walking along an empty back street when Dominic grabbed Blake’s arm and spun him around.
“You know,” he said. “This shit only happens to me when you show your face. I’m not going anywhere with you, I don’t care what your deal is.”
Blake scanned his surroundings. They were alone except for a light scattering of drunks and prostitutes fading in and out of view as they passed beneath the streetlamps. Satisfied, he turned his attention back to Dominic.
“I need you on this, Dom. Come back to Gulch.”
“With John Meacham as Overseer? What the hell makes you think I would even consider that?”
A massive screen flashed to life at the end of the street, perched atop a tall, triangular edifice. They could see it over the shorter buildings in the forefront.
Dominic and Blake looked up at the rectangle of light, which had begun to play a video. Several seconds of propaganda passed—the Republic’s banners and flags waving triumphantly in the wind; a simple farmer tilting his smiling, sunlit face to the sky; a young Harold Targin Kole standing heroically at the edge of a cliff, surveying the lands he had conquered, his body tall and lean with the bookish face of an ambitious student. 
These were followed by video clips of his son Harris giving fiery speeches, helping factory workers, providing farmers with crucial advice on how best to develop their crops—all staged, of course.
Louis Blake stood transfixed by the sight, his mind flooding with bittersweet memories of a time when this sort of thing had excited him, made him proud to be a soldier. Those days were long gone.
“Things haven’t changed,” he said in a low voice.
“This can’t be good,” Dominic said.
The video changed to a news segment. Dominic’s face appeared; a mug shot taken when he was in his mid-twenties. The broadcaster began to explain the details of tonight’s disaster back at the bar.
“That was quick,” Blake said. “Kole’s media has gotten better.”
“...with new technology designed by the One President Harris Kole himself, we were able to alter this photograph to show how Dominic Scalazzo has aged”—the picture changed slightly so that his face looked more worn around the edges, his hair a bit thinner—“and also to apply the bruises and swollen areas witnesses claim to have seen.” The face took on a battered quality that was strikingly similar to his present state.
“Spiteful pricks,” Dominic said and spit on the sidewalk before turning to Blake. “So, Louis, what brings you to this fine country?”
Chapter 8

Uncle Sal woke up Saturday night after two days of lying in bed. 
The Lanza family was lucky he was on vacation and didn’t have to report back to work until Monday. That, of course, raised another issue. What if Sal ratted them out once he woke up? 
Michael spoke to his father about using his savings to get them past the border. Terry Lanza told him to stop being ridiculous. This was their home, their business, and they weren’t going to throw it away to go scavenge some blighted wasteland.
“Hey, Sal. Sally, you hear me?”
Terry slapped the man’s cheeks, which were covered in black stubble. Sal’s eyes were wide open and blank, like he was brain-dead. The tiny thread in his mind had been still for a while, but Michael could see it when he concentrated hard enough.
“He’s not going to wake up,” Michael said.
His father’s eyebrows furrowed. “How do you know that?”
“Trust me.”
Finally there was nothing else to do. 
Terry called the FSD, and ten minutes later a half dozen men in suits and a dozen police officers filled the restaurant. They took Sal out on a stretcher through the back door as he gazed up at nothing. 
Then they combed the restaurant and the upstairs apartment for evidence of foul play. Michael worried that they would find the loose floorboard in his room and his tin box of money. It was illegal to save cash that way; you had to deposit all savings into a state-owned bank. 
He lucked out. They didn’t find a thing.
When the FSD agents were done combing, the interviews began.
“What is your full name?”
“Michael Lanza. No middle name.”
A scribble on a pad of paper. The man was well-groomed and dressed in a clean suit. He wore a badge on the lapel of his jacket featuring a tiny photograph of Harris Kole’s face turned upward in a heroic pose.
“You say your uncle showed up on your doorstep last night complaining of a headache.”
“Yes.”
“Yes, sir.”
Michael swallowed. “Yes, sir.”
“So how do you explain the footprint on the bedroom door?”
Michael blinked at the man, stunned that he hadn’t thought of that before. His feet had been dirty after walking down the hallway barefoot. He’d cleaned up every trace of that night’s events—except that damned, cartoonish footprint on the bedroom door.
“Uncle Sal was—after we put him to bed, he started acting wild. He locked the door and started throwing furniture around. So we had to kick it down. The door, I mean.”
“Who is ‘we’?”
“Me, sir. My father was going to do it but he has bad knees.”
“Mm hmm.”
More scribbles. The man was frowning down at his pad. Then he looked up.
“Are you familiar with telepathy?”
Michael stiffened. “It’s the ability to read minds,” he said, before adding quickly: “I think.”
The agent nodded, letting his brazen eyes roam all over Michael’s face, like a spotlight tracking a fugitive in the dark. Michael lowered his gaze.
“I’m going to give you some advice before we begin this next session.” The agent leaned in. “Don’t lie to us. Really. It’ll only make things worse. You’ve heard of the Tank, right?”
Michael gave a solemn nod.
“Well”—he removed a metal case from the pocket of his suit jacket, plucked out a thin brown cigarette, and lit it, puffing twice before he spoke—“It’s not a fun place. You’ve probably heard the stories. I’m not authorized to tell you if they’re true or not, but I will tell you one thing.” He blew smoke directly into Michael’s face. It smelled a bit like cinnamon. “A pathetic little teenaged nobody like you wouldn’t survive a day in there. You’d be screaming for your mommy before sundown.”
Fear lit up inside Michael like cold fire. He began to take shallow breaths.
“You understand me, Mike?”
The man was smiling. His teeth were yellow behind the smoke. Michael nodded and joined his hands together on the table.
“Are you a—a—”
“A ment?” The agent said, sitting back. “Afraid not.” The cigarette crackled as he drew on it. He looked back over his shoulder.
“Harrelson,” he shouted.
A toilet flushed in the back of the restaurant. Michael heard the bathroom door click open and click shut. He expected to see another agent come strutting down the hallway into the dining room. Instead, he was surprised by the sight of a boy barely older than himself, wearing a featureless black suit and boots that looked too big for his feet. The boy’s head was shaved, and he was blind. He had to feel around with his hands to find his way.
“Over here,” the agent said. “Come on. We haven’t got all day.”
The boy’s head turned slowly, almost mechanically to face them. Michael shivered at the sight of those milky eyes. They didn’t seem human.
The boy made his way over to the table with stiff movements, his elbows knocking against the backs of chairs. His boots made a shuffling sound against the carpet. Michael wanted to be as far away from this bald, clumsy creature as possible. Something about the way the agent ordered him around, like he wasn’t even a person, turned Michael’s stomach.
Harrelson sat down with a heavy plop across from Michael, his eyeballs moving from side to side like pale cocoons about to burst in their sockets.
“This doesn’t have to be difficult,” the agent said as Harrelson’s sightless eyes rested on Michael. The agent pointed at the blind telepath with the tip of his cigarette. “You lie to me and he’ll know, and it’s off to the Tank with you. And your parents? Straight to the labor camps, split up so they won’t ever see each other again. And you can forget about having a brother since you’ll never see him again, either.”
Michael locked eyes with Harrelson, nodding to show he understood. This was it. This was going to be the end of his family and his life.
“Question number one,” the agent said. “Have you ever been contacted, or have you ever made contact with, a member of an anti-government group?”
A shred of a memory flashed in Michael’s mind, of being in a van with a small group of people dressed in black. Images from the dreams he’d been having, maybe.
Or were they memories from his past?
“No.”
“He’s lying,” Harrelson said, blinking once. His voice came out smooth and genderless.
An icy feeling washed over Michael’s skin. “I’m not lying. I—I don’t even know any rebels. I’m just a dishwasher.”
Harrelson sat back, brows lowering as he considered this. 
“He’s not lying.”
The agent scowled at Harrelson and stubbed the cigarette out on the table, not bothering to ask for an ashtray. “Make up your mind.”
Harrelson blinked several times. “He’s hiding something.”
The agent leaned over the table and squinted at Michael. “When your Uncle Sal first arrived tonight, was he acting normal?”
Michael wanted badly to tell the truth. To say that yes, Uncle Sal had been perfectly normal, until Michael had used some kind of telepathic weirdness to plunge him into a catatonic state. It would have been so much easier than trying to hide from Harrelson, whose eyes were like magnifying lenses trying to burn a hole into Michael’s forehead.
He was about to answer truthfully when a voice slid into his head.
You can block him.
“What?” Michael blinked several times and looked around.
“Answer the question, kid,” the agent said.
There’s a string in the blind kid’s mind. You can see it vibrating if you look closely.
Michael squinted at Harrelson, pushing himself to locate the string.
There. He felt it more than he saw it—a thin wisp of thread dancing in the center of Harrelson’s forehead.
Harrelson and the agent peered at Michael, suddenly suspicious. Despite being blind, Harrelson appeared to be watching him. Maybe he was seeing him, in his own way.
“Kid, you have exactly one second to answer my question,” the agent said.
Now, pluck that string as you say the word “No.” Pretend your mind has fingers. Run them across.
Michael did as he was told and said, “No.”
“No, what?” the agent said.
He ran his invisible fingers across the string, like he was gently playing a harp.
“No, Uncle Sal was not acting normal when he got here. He seemed—drunk, or really sick. I don’t know what was wrong with him.”
Instead of vibrating more, Harrelson’s mental string seemed to relax. His eyes took on a calm and satisfied look, as if he’d just eaten a heavy meal.
“The subject is not lying,” Harrelson said.
Michael wanted to sigh in relief but thought it would look suspicious. He kept himself frozen in place, moving only to blink.
The agent sat back, his finger tapping the table. He bit down on his lower lip and made a series of sucking sounds as he considered the situation.
“Would your mother, father, or brother have any reason to cause your Uncle Sal harm?”
Michael flicked his mental fingers. “No.”
He’s yours now, the voice told him. Good work.

The following night the Lanza family celebrated.
Michael’s father brought out his last three bottles of wine, probably the most valuable items he owned. The restaurant had closed early and his mother had lit candles.
Michael tried his best not to brood. He was thinking about the voice in his head, about being a ment and how easy it had been to control Harrelson’s lie detection abilities even as the agent and the blind boy went on to interview the rest of his family.
It wasn’t just Harrelson’s mind that could be manipulated. For hours, under the guidance of the mysterious voice in his head, Michael had sat there, plucking peoples’ mental strings like a little kid strumming a guitar with no idea how to create real music. 
Eventually, when the agents began to leave, the voice cut off for good.
“Mikey, here,” his father said, offering to fill his glass. As soon as the wine was poured, he gave Michael a thumbs-up to lift his mood.
Terry had instructed them not to talk about anything out of the ordinary, in case the restaurant had been bugged, which it probably had. They were also under strict orders never to speak of the previous week’s events to anyone outside the family.
His mother and father each put a hand on Michael’s shoulder and smiled at him. Benny made small talk, obviously doing so in case of microphones. 
As Benny spoke, he reached across the table, put his hand on Michael’s, and winked at him.
Tears came to Michael’s eyes. His mother and father—and yes, they were his parents; to hell with what anyone else might say—squeezed his shoulder, and Benny squeezed his hand. They all had tears in their eyes except for Benny, who grinned as he rambled on about some old friend he had bumped into that morning.
Terry whispered, “You protected us.”
Michael looked over their faces. He didn’t want any other family besides this one. He tapped his chest, right over his heart. 
His mother, father, and brother did the same.

At one o’clock in the morning, after his parents had gone upstairs for the night, Michael and Benny decided to clean up a little. The kitchen was filled with shivering orange light from candles they had set up along the counters. It was quiet out in the streets.
“You got those trash bags?” Benny said, pointing at a pile of them. 
“Do I look like your bitch?” Michael said.
Benny shook his head. “You’re too ugly to be anyone’s bitch.”
They burst into laughter that faded into drunken giggles. Benny made his way to the basement to lock the fridge (their father was paranoid about burglars breaking in to steal food) while Michael lifted two trash bags, slung them over his shoulder, and took them out behind the restaurant.
He wished he could see the stars. The sky above the outer sectors was always the same yellow-black color from all the electric lights glowing in the Inner Sanctum, the only part of the city allowed to consume electricity after ten o’clock. If only they could see the stars out here in the slums, at the very least.
“I can show them to you,” a familiar voice said behind him.
Michael spun around to face the man. Whoever he was, he was standing beneath the battery-powered bulb above the door, dressed in a leather jacket, a black T-shirt, and dark jeans. He had fixed his wavy hair into a short ponytail that looked greasy and tangled. 
Despite the man’s chiseled features, almost effeminate in their fineness, there seemed to be something wrong with his face. In the low light, Michael could make out bumps and bruises on the man’s skin. One of his eyes was nearly swollen shut.
“Who are you?”
The man narrowed his eyes. “I’m the voice inside your head.”
Remember me?
Michael flinched. Those last two words had been like cold water flooding his skull.
“I’m the one who saved you from going into the Tank. Name’s Dominic.”
“How did you do that?”
The man touched a bruise on his face and winced. “I’m a telepath, like you. Thought you’d have figured that out by now.” He took another step forward. Michael backed away. “You don’t owe me anything. I just want to talk.”
“What happened to your face?”
“This?” The man touched his swollen cheek. “Illegal bare-knuckle boxing match. A man’s got to earn a living.” His knuckles were just as cut up and bruised as his face. “Don’t be so scared. I’m here to give you an opportunity.”
“To do what?”
The man bent down to pick up a trash bag. Michael had piled them outside the dumpster so he could throw them in one after the other. Dominic nodded for Michael to get the other one.
“Might as well get these out of the way,” Dominic said, mostly to himself. 
Quietly, they deposited the bags into the receptacles. Dominic was courteous enough to lower the lid gently so as not to slam it and wake Michael’s parents.
“I’m here to offer you a new life,” he said finally, slapping his hands together. “In the Eastlands.”
“And what if I don’t want it?”
“Pretty soon you won’t have a choice. You ever wonder what happened to your mother?”
Michael listened.
“She was killed in cold blood by the dictator of this unholy country, Harris Kole himself.”
“No way.”
Dominic nodded. “It happened during an escape attempt. She managed to smuggle you out of a military research facility in the mountains northwest of here, but she had to sacrifice herself to do it.
“She was a telepath, Michael, like you and me. A powerful one. The government was looking for a way to weaponize the ability, and she was their first success. You were their second.”
Michael could only stand there, stunned. Moths flew in circles beneath the lamp, seeking warmth from the dim light. Dominic flinched as one bumped the side of his head. He waved it away with a sour look.
“And what do you want with me?”
“I want to help you,” Dominic said. “Give you a chance of survival, because out here”—he looked around at the brick walls—“you’re up for grabs.”
“So they’ll kill me, too? Like they killed my mother?”
Dominic shook his head. “Worse. They’ll paralyze you from the neck down so you’ll never be able to run away. Then they’ll test you, see what your mind is capable of. Finally, they’ll open up your skull, drill holes in your brain to see what they find. Maybe then they’ll kill you. Or maybe that’ll just be the beginning.”
Michael took a deep breath and stood his ground. This was beginning to feel like some sort of intimidation tactic. He made fists out of his cold fingers.
“Who do you work for? The Liberators? The Revolters?”
Dominic shook his head and looked at his watch. 
“I work for Louis Blake, the man who helped your mother smuggle you out in the first place.”
“The terrorist.”
“All revolutionaries are terrorists at first, wouldn’t you say? Besides, what they say about him on the news is a lie meant to keep the system in place, and the men who run it in power. They’ve turned him and the rest of us into bogeymen to scare children at night, to keep them worshipping the One President like they’ve been doing for decades. Are you afraid of the bogeyman, Mike?”
Michael stepped toward the door. “I have a family. They need me.”
“Doesn’t matter,” Dominic said, taking a step toward him. “They’ll slaughter your family like cattle. That’s the first thing they’ll do.”
“And if I leave, they’ll do the same.”
Dominic looked off at the empty parking lot and shook his head. Michael wondered what the man would do now. Would he kill Michael for resisting? And why shouldn’t he? He couldn’t just let him live after telling him all this—could he? 
“Please don’t come here again,” Michael said. “I—I mean, thanks for your help, but after what you showed me in there, I think I can take care of myself now.”
Dominic leaned toward Michael a little, shoulders squared like he was going to challenge him to a fistfight.
“What, you’re such a tough guy now? Just because you took care of one telepath and a bunch of cops, you think you can protect your family from the Fatherland Security Department? Listen to me, kid. All hell is about to crash down on your shoulders. Don’t be stupid.”
Michael had opened the door and was backing through it.
“Leave me alone,” he said.
When the door was shut, he slid all seven locks into place and listened for the sounds of Dominic’s footsteps leaving the lot.
He heard nothing at all.
Chapter 9

That night, a hand clamping over Michael’s mouth pulled him out of a hurried, anxious dream he immediately forgot. He became aware of a dark room, the foul warmth of someone’s breath wafting over his face, the roughness of calloused hands on his lips and chin. 
Dominic had come back for him, to kidnap him; that was the only explanation that came to mind.
A flashlight clicked on, creating shadows that yawned across a broad face. It was one of the two men who had come into the restaurant that day with Uncle Sal to eat and drink and fondle Jolene. Michael even remembered their names: Boyd and Welcher.
“Shhh…” Welcher, the bigger of the two, said, pulling the flashlight away so his face was again hidden in darkness. “Be real quiet.”
The light swung, smashing into Michael’s head and knocking him out cold. 

The sensation of his bare feet thumping down the basement stairs woke him. 
Michael’s heels were sore when they finally dropped him into a chair and handcuffed his wrists together behind him, followed by his ankles. He was dressed in a pair of boxer shorts and nothing else. The men had strung up a battery-powered lantern they must have brought with them. It filled the basement with a weak, piss-colored glow.
“Mike.”
He looked to his right and saw Benny, also bound to a chair, apparently unharmed. Sweat was pouring down his face and had soaked his white undershirt, leaving the armpits stained bright yellow. Like Michael, he was also dressed in his boxer shorts, but in addition, he wore a thick pair of cotton socks that Michael had often teased him about.
“Mike,” he said again, trembling.
Welcher slammed his elbow into Benny’s face. The effect was unlike anything Michael had ever seen, as if Benny were not a real person but a doll. His head bobbled and his eyes rolled up to reveal their veined underbellies. He blinked a few times and whimpered. Blood ran from one nostril and gathered along his trembling upper lip.
“Just shut up,” Michael told his brother. “Do exactly what they say.”
Welcher grunted. “You should listen to him, Benny-boy. You’re not the one we want anyway, so shut it.”
Michael remembered Welcher clearly from that day in the kitchen, with his head like a block of wood and his big, meaty fists. The smaller one, his cheeks as pockmarked as before but now sporting a glossy sheen of sweat, was Boyd. During their previous stop at the restaurant, both men had worn suits. Tonight they wore black T-shirts tucked into jeans. Civilian outfits. 
Michael began to shiver.
“Please,” he said, casting his eyes up at the men. “Don’t hurt us.”
Boyd and Welcher kept silent. They seemed uneasy about how to go forward. Maybe they wouldn’t hurt them after all. Maybe they just needed help with something…
“It was you,” Boyd said. “You turned him off, didn’t you?”
Michael glanced back and forth between each man multiple times, trying to decipher their meaning. “Turned—turned who off?”
“Your Uncle Sal,” Welcher said. “I know what you did to him. I saw it that day in the kitchen when you were looking at him with those ment eyes, trying to read his mind.” 
After a brief pause, Welcher continued. “We went ahead and did some research at the station. We know about your mother. Your real mother, Claudia Cairne. They locked her up for being a ment, didn’t they? For being dangerous, like you.”
His mother. They knew about her, and about his telepathic attack on his uncle. Michael had taken these men for dumb grunts. How wrong he’d been.
SMACK. 
Welcher’s meaty hand swung into him, sending his vision reeling. Michael’s neck made a popping sound and his cheek burned as if someone had smeared crushed glass all over it.
Boyd took over. “Answer the question, you little shit,” he said with the sneering, resentful voice you’d expect from a man who had been small all his life, who had joined the FSD so he could get back at the world for looking down on him.
“No,” Michael said. “It wasn’t me. I—I—I wasn’t…”
SMACK. 
His head spun again, and Michael found himself gazing at an extra-large can of tomato sauce on the shelf. A question filled his mind as if the blow had dislodged it. 
Where were his parents?
“We know all about you, telepath,” Welcher said, crouching to better examine Michael’s face. Michael made eye contact with the man and regretted it when Welcher spit squarely into his eyes. “Don’t look at me, look at the floor. Or my shoes. Or down at your shriveled little dick. There we go. That’s better.”
Benny groaned. Michael kept from looking at his brother in case it inspired another beating.
“Answer the question,” Welcher said. Behind the bigger man, Boyd lifted a bottle of warm beer from a crate and tore off the cap. “Did you turn your uncle into a vegetable?”
Michael nodded.
“The truth,” Boyd said and guzzled down half the beer, smacking his lips afterward.
“Good to know,” Welcher said, easing back a little. “Now we want you to undo it. You see, Mike, we were up for promotion next week. Your Uncle Sal was going to add us to his personal staff. We’re talking a salary increase of forty million koles a year, you know what I mean? And the benefits—wow. The FSD looks after its own, I gotta tell ya.”
“Amen to that,” Boyd said, guzzling the rest of the beer and tossing aside the empty bottle. He plucked another out of the crate and opened it with a hiss.
“Now, here’s what’s going to happen,” Welcher said, rising so he could look down at Michael. The lantern was shining behind his head, casting his face into a dark, grimacing mask. “You’re going to come with us to the hospital and undo whatever the hell it was you did to your Uncle Sal. Then, once you wake him up, Boyd and I will bring you back here like nothing ever happened. We’ll even convince your uncle to go easy on you. But if you try and run, or if you say anything to anyone…”
“My parents,” Michael said. “Where are they?”
“You mean your aunt and uncle?” Welcher tilted his big head. “They’re not far, believe me.”
Boyd chuckled at this.
“I want to see them now,” Michael said, his voice trembling. “Please.”
Welcher looked at Boyd and shrugged. “Give him what he wants.” 
Boyd dropped his unfinished beer back into the crate and crossed the room to the refrigerator, where he pulled the door open in one massive sweep. He disappeared into the fridge and came out a moment later, dragging a chair along its two back legs. 
Michael’s mother was strapped to that chair. She was alive, dressed in her cotton pajamas, eyes rolling with fear. Her face was deathly pale, her lips purple around the filthy rag they had used to gag her.
“Oh God,” Michael said.
“God can’t help her,” Welcher said in a cheery voice. “But you can.”
Whistling, Boyd turned in a circle until he had his back to the refrigerator. He proceeded to drag Michael’s mother back inside. When he came out again, he was rubbing his hands together from the cold. He kicked the refrigerator door shut, cutting off her moans of terror.
“Your dad’s in there, too,” Welcher said. “They stay too long and it won’t be good for their health. You already realized that though, didn’t you?”
Michael looked over at Benny. His brother was gazing down at the floor and drooling. He appeared to be only half conscious. Then, to Michael’s surprise, Benny looked up at Welcher and uttered a single word.
“Fascists.”
Smirking at Benny like he was glad to accept a challenge, Boyd picked up his half-empty beer bottle and brandished it.
“You want to say that to me again, kiddo?”
“Boyd,” Welcher said. “Just wait, will you?”
“Little brat,” Boyd said, lifting the bottle over his head.
“No,” Michael screamed.
It was over in a second. Boyd sliced a diagonal line through the air with the butt end of the bottle, shattering it against Benny’s face. Michael closed his eyes as shards of glass tickled his right cheek. He heard a loud clack followed by a meaty thump and opened his eyes to see that Benny had toppled onto the floor, still bound to the chair.
The bottle had cut a gash across his neck, just under the line of his chin. He struggled against the handcuffs and whimpered as blood puddled on the floor. An artery had been severed; Michael could tell by the way the blood pulsed out of him.
“No,” Michael said, and then he began to sob. “Benny, oh, Jesus, Benny.”
Now do you want my help?
It was the voice from the other night. Dominic.
Yes! Michael said, shouting through a pair of invisible lips that had torn open inside his mind.
Benny let out a gasp, and then his body settled and his head came to rest on the floor, his eyes open and blank.
Michael almost tipped his chair over to get to him. 
“No,” he kept saying, “No, Benny, wait! Wait a minute!”
He could hear Boyd snickering. The man was laughing as the blood poured from Benny’s neck. 
Rage boiled inside Michael’s chest, constricting it so his entire ribcage felt like a fist getting tighter and tighter, ready to explode outward. 
The bridge of his nose wrinkled. He was snarling.
“You killed my brother,” he said in grinding whisper, a sound like pebbles in his larynx.
“What are you gonna do about it, kid?” Boyd said, pointing a finger at Michael while grinning at Welcher. “Look at him, all tough all of a sudden.”
Michael turned his attention to Welcher, who was shaking his head at Boyd in disappointment. He saw a string—almost invisible, but it was there—vibrating in the core of Welcher’s brain. It looked foggy, as if the skin and bone of his forehead had gone semi-transparent.
A tickling sensation slid down Michael’s face, along the grooves on either side of his nose; a feeling like a wax pencil drawing lines down his cheeks. He looked down and saw spots of blood that had dripped onto his boxer shorts. He squeezed his eyes shut at the sudden sting.
A distant, ominous voice rose from his memories.
Open your eyes, T1-07, or I’ll press the button…
Michael obeyed.
“What in the hell?” Welcher said, his face contorting in utter shock.
Boyd lost the smile and studied Michael. “Well, look at that.”
Both men had strings now; thin, almost invisible strings dancing and trembling inside their heads. Those strings were waiting for Michael’s whisper. They wanted to be told what to do.
Michael knew what to say. A long time ago someone had shown him how this worked.
“Open your throat with the bottle,” he told Boyd, his voice low and calm.
Boyd’s eyes flew open. He blinked three times, then lifted the bottle he’d smashed across Benny’s face and started sawing at his own neck with it. He didn’t slice the skin the way a person might do with a knife. Instead he ran the sharp angles of glass across several times—up, down, diagonally—forming red lines that parted like tiny mouths opening all over the skin, releasing bloody spittle, a pulsing geyser of blood.
“Boyd, stop! What are you doing?”
Welcher smacked the bottle out of Boyd’s hand. 
It was too late. Boyd staggered back, eyes staring at nothing. The front of his shirt was dark red, almost purple, with blood. He slumped against the wall and slid down, throat hissing and bubbling as he tried to breathe.
Michael watched the whole thing in silence, feeling oddly detached. He recognized the existence of two people inside himself, one watching the other.
Michael Lanza, Michael Cairne; one was aghast while the other wanted to destroy everything in sight.
The door to the basement burst open. Michael turned his head slowly to watch the stairs. 
That bastard Dominic had no reason to be here. Michael had this under control; he would take care of these men by himself, with no one’s help, no one’s interference. These men would die. He would taste their fear while he did it.
Welcher shot a look up the stairs and pulled a pistol out of the back of his pants. As he got ready to fire, Michael caught another glimpse of the string dancing wildly in the man’s head. It was time.
He was about to issue a command—a “death whisper,” he thought to call it—when Dominic flew down the stairs, moving so fast he was little more than a streak.
He split into three people at that moment. Or that was how it seemed. 
One version of Dominic tripped Welcher, knocking him flat on his back. Another version snatched the gun out of his hand and tossed it aside, while the third version took a needle out of his jacket and began to prep it. 
It was all a trick—a stupid trick. 
Michael breathed fiercely as he struggled to pinpoint Dominic’s presence. It was too difficult, and that made him angry. Dominic would go with them. He would die with these men. 
Control yourself, came Dominic’s mental voice.
Michael roared, his teeth bared. Welcher was still alive, clutching a wound in his chest. Dominic had stabbed him. Dominic had tried to take the man’s life when it was Michael’s to take and no one else’s.
Die, Michael told Welcher with a voice that reached outward from the core of his mind, dissolving all reason.
The big man began to jerk and shake. A moment later his life blinked out of him. His body lay still, his face motionless. Michael had tasted the life slip out of him, and it was delicious. He wanted more. 
Dominic was next.
Die, he told him.
Oh no you don’t.
Dominic lifted the needle, then stuck it into Michael’s arm.
“No,” Michael screamed at him. “You’re just like them! You killed Benny!”
Dominic smacked him across the face. When he pulled his hand back, Michael could see blood on it. He had cried blood. He could see the red in his vision, along with glittering points of light. He expected them to make noise, like fireworks. Instead a boiling sensation spread inside his skull.
Michael opened his mouth to let loose a howl of anger, but was distracted by hundreds—no, thousands—of tiny strings shivering all around him. He could see them through the walls. There were two in the refrigerator and one in Dominic’s head, but there were countless others, too, outside the restaurant, down the street, in the surrounding buildings and alleys, floating before him like dust motes sewn into the still air.
Mom…Dad…no…
Michael, control yourself!
One by one, and then by the dozen—and finally by the hundreds—Michael slashed at the tiny strings with his mind, unable to stop even as Dominic shook him.
“Stop it, Michael. Get a grip!”
Someone was growling like an animal, and Michael realized it was his own throat making that sound. He, Michael Lanza—no, Michael Cairne—was grinding his teeth and breathing through his mouth like a beast. His hands and fingers felt like claws. He wanted to scratch out Dominic’s eyes and bite into his throat.
He almost planted his claws into Dominic’s mind—the invisible ones he had used to sever all those strings—and he was enjoying the fearful look on Dominic’s face, when the drug kicked in, plunging him into a world of darkness and regret, the words what have I done? echoing in the innermost chambers of his mind.
Then, finally, silence came.
Chapter 10

“He killed them all, Blake. They’re all dead.”
Michael wanted to ask: Who? Who’s dead?
He was in a moving car, sprawled out in the back seat, fully clothed. Yellow lights swished by as Dominic drove with a cell phone pressed to his ear. With a groan, Michael raised himself up a few inches to inspect his clothes. Someone—Dominic, most likely—had dressed him in a pair of black sweatpants, sneakers without socks, and a hooded sweater with no shirt underneath. 
Dominic looked back at him and said into the phone, “He’s awake.”
Michael tried to sit up, but a dizzy spell forced him back down. Dominic said, “Uh-huh, fine,” then snapped the phone shut and tossed it into the front seat. “That was way too close.”
“Who’s dead?” Michael said in a voice barely more than a croak. He was parched.
“What?”
“Killed them all, you said. Who—who died?”
Dominic kept silent. Michael remembered his mother being pulled out of the refrigerator, then being dragged back in, and Benny having a bottle smashed across his face and lying there, bleeding all over the floor. And where had his father been through all of this?
He sat up suddenly. Pain flashed in his skull, making him wince.
“My brother,” he said. “My parents are in the refrigerator.”
“Your parents are dead, and so is your brother.”
“But they’re still back there.”
“They’re dead, kid. Trust me. I took their pulse.”
Michael closed his eyes. “Did I kill them?”
Dominic kept silent. Police sirens wailed from the next avenue westward, and Dominic flinched at the sound.
“Tell me,” Michael said, on the verge of tears now. “Did I kill them?”
“Your brother would have died from his wound. But your mother and father—they were killed by the attack.”
“Attack?”
“The one in your brain. You had an episode, Michael. That’s what it’s called.” He braked suddenly and Michael almost flew out of his seat. A shiny, luxury vehicle—the sort driven by bureaucrats to show off their status—rounded the corner and started heading in their direction.
Dominic gripped the steering wheel with an audible creak. He drove slowly, watching the car until it disappeared farther up the street. 
“Spiteful bastards,” he said.
Michael realized then that they were driving away from the restaurant and his family. He would never see Benny again, or his mother and father. He had killed them. Those strings had been the life threads of his family, and he had cut them. Just like that. 
“Who else is dead?”
“It doesn’t matter now,” Dominic said. He glanced at Michael in the rearview mirror. “We’re crossing the border. I don’t care if I have to kidnap you. You’re coming.”
“More people died,” Michael said. “I could feel it.”
“It wasn’t your fault. Hey, look at me.” Michael looked up at those eyes in the mirror, one of which was still almost swollen shut. “You didn’t ask for this, but now you have to deal with it.”
They turned onto a shady side street.
A car waited for them in a lot at the very end. Shiny enough to reflect the dull orange glow in the sky, the car had surely come from the burning core of the city where the Fatherland Security Department had its headquarters. Sleek, black, and solid, it had a rectangular face and a chrome grill. A ministry car. 
“You son of a bitch,” Michael said, and began to kick the seat in front of him. “This was a trap!”
Dominic reached back and grabbed hold of Michael’s ankle. “Settle down, kid, or I’ll break it.”
His grip was like a metal clamp. Michael settled down, more from a feeling of hopelessness than from any fear of bodily harm. He suddenly didn’t care if the man snapped his ankle; maybe then he would feel something besides despair.
Dominic let go of him.
“It was only a matter of time, anyway,” Michael said, looking out the window at the brick walls. “They’ll throw me in the Tank where I belong.”
Dominic sighed. “I’ll throw you in the Tank if you don’t shut up.”
He parked the car against one wall of the small lot. The ministry car had its lights off and was parked at the opposite end, appearing low and dark, like a predator waiting to strike from the shadows. 
Dominic opened his door to get out and a cool gust of wind brushed Michael’s his face. He drew his soiled sweatshirt—Dominic must have pulled it from his dirty laundry—tight around his torso.
“Get out.”
Michael hesitated. Dominic reached in to grab him.
“All right, fine!”
Michael stepped out of the car, reeling with dizziness, his legs bending like straws. The pain was coming now in flashes, worse than before.
A car door opened and clicked shut across the lot.
Michael peered into the darkness. The man who emerged from the ministry car was old. He was followed by another, younger man. The older man possessed a thinning layer of gray hair, long and brushed back, with a face as familiar to Michael as it certainly was to everyone in the People’s Republic. It was the face of the terrorist behind the Honor Street Subway Bombing and the Targin Memorial Gas Attack, among others.
“I can tell by your expression you know who I am,” Louis Blake said.
“You’re—you bombed—you’re the terrorist—”
“Nonsense.” Blake waved in dismissal. “Government propaganda. This country is no different from any other communist dictatorship in history. It needs an enemy to keep the wheels turning, and if it doesn’t have one, it simply makes one up. You know this. You’re a smart kid.”
Michael nodded. He knew all this perfectly well, and yet the man’s face was like something out of a childhood nightmare. He associated it with smoke and screams and guns firing. 
Dominic broke the silence. “Sam Weisman,” he said, smirking. “Didn’t think you’d last much longer in this place. You must be real good at kissing ass.”
Sam Weisman grinned. He was skinnier than Louis Blake, with narrower shoulders and a beak nose that gave his face a distinctly hawkish look. He had the bone structure of a rooster and wore a baseball cap with no logo or marking which he kept lifting by the brim and adjusting over his scalp.
“We don’t have much time,” Weisman said. “There’s only so much I can lie about to those spiteful assholes I call my bosses.”
“Like this car?” Dominic said, indicating the ministry vehicle. “It’s nice.”
“Reported stolen this afternoon.” Weisman reached over and patted Dominic’s shoulder. “You look like shit, Dom. Not the pretty boy I remember at all.”
Dominic clamped a hand on the man’s arm and shook it. When they were done smiling at each other, Sam Weisman looked over at Michael. 
“So you’re the one we’ve been looking for all these years.”
“No time for that,” Blake said. He stepped between Michael and the others, cutting them off. “I know what happened to your mother,” he said. “Your real mother. I tried to save her, but I failed. I made a promise to her before she died that I would look after you and keep you safe, and that’s exactly what I intend to do. If you’ll let me.”
Michael sensed a blossoming of warmth in the old man’s face and chest. He could almost see it, like the ghost of a solemn red rose unfurling its petals beneath his skin. Telepathy was new to him, and he still didn’t understand much about its nature, but he understood what had just happened.
“You loved her.”
Blake frowned at him. “Come on, let’s go.”
Michael followed Blake and Dominic as they walked toward the FSD vehicle. He looked back only once to see Sam Weisman getting into the old beater Dominic had driven here. Obviously this wasn’t their first time making a switch like this. 
“Where are we going?” Michael asked when he, Dominic, and Blake had taken their seats.
Louis Blake started the engine, then met Michael’s gaze in the rearview mirror.
“We’re going to a place where you can leave all of your bad memories behind. A place for people like us. Telepaths. You’ll be safe there, I promise.”
Feeling somewhat relieved, Michael nodded once and then looked out the window at the darkened brick wall of the parking lot. Benny’s voice played in his mind, a memory of the words his brother had spoken the night they had stayed up drinking and gazing out at the spotlights and razor wire at the end of the street.
Someday you’ll make us all proud.
Then he remembered Dominic’s words. They made the hair on the back of his neck stand up.
He killed them all...
~



Episode II

CHILDREN OF MENT


“Do not awaken what is sleeping under my skin.
Let me be blind and deaf and mute;
let me be innocent, ignorant, naïve.
Otherwise, I will be a murderer.”

The Angel of Galilea 
Laura Restrepo


Chapter 1

Michael drifted in and out of sleep throughout the ride, struggling to drink the water and eat the sugary granola bars Blake kept handing back to him. While awake, he mostly kept his head against the windowpane and gazed out at the dark, mountainous land. 
They were past the Line, something he’d wanted all his life; and yet he didn’t care anymore about that. All he wanted now was to be safe at home with his family.
At some point, they came to a lonely old barn in the middle of a field. Dominic helped Michael out of the car, advising him to stretch his limbs while he had the opportunity. He followed these instructions, grunting as a bunch of his joints popped.
Louis Blake fiddled with the lock holding the barn doors closed, then pushed them open one after the other and motioned for Michael and Dominic to follow him into the musty darkness. He clicked on a flashlight and passed the beam over the walls, revealing a squat, rusted truck in the center that had an ample back seat.
“Here we go,” Dominic said, rapping his knuckles against the hood. “Good old Eastland transportation.”
Dominic took the front seat again while Michael slid into the back seat. The engine shook as it started and immediately filled the barn with diesel fumes as thick as silk.
“What is this?” Michael managed to say, coughing from the smell.
“Camouflage,” Blake said, shifting the truck into drive using an angled stick jutting out of the steering wheel’s column. “Hold on.”
The truck lurched backward out of the barn.
“What about the ministry car?” Michael said. “We just left it out there.”
Blake and Dominic looked at each other.
“Spare parts, I guess,” Dominic said with a shrug. “Or maybe it’ll scare the crows.”

They drove through the night. Michael fell asleep gazing up at a radiant universe of stars. He had never seen them like this before. So vast and mysterious. If only he didn’t have such a pounding headache.
It was mid-morning when he awoke with a sour taste in his mouth, his skin greasy with sweat that had gone stale in the sun’s heat. His legs had gone numb from the way he’d been sitting. He repositioned himself, clenching his teeth as the prickly feeling ran its course. The air smelled like stale cigarettes. 
Louis Blake drove bent over the wheel, his eyes wide and sober as he stared at the road before him. Dominic had planted one of his black boots on the dashboard and was looking out the window. Michael caught a glimpse of the man’s brooding expression in the side-view mirror.
They drove along a road built into the side of a mountain. To their left was a jagged rock wall and opposite that, a landscape of rolling hills and trees, all of it drowned in vibrant morning light that made the colors seem to pulse and breathe.
Soon they came to a deep valley between two mountains. It was closed at the other end. Blake was driving them into a box canyon, a place from which there appeared to be no exit except the road by which they had come.
“What is this place?” Michael said.
“Oh, good.” Dominic sighed. “He’s awake.”
Blake gave Dominic an annoyed look, then glanced at Michael in the rearview mirror. “This is Gulch. Your new home.”
The truck rolled into a small town nestled amid trees and overgrowth. It was tiny even compared to the smallest of New Sancta’s forty-eight sectors. Most of the houses they passed were boarded up and shabby, obviously abandoned. The blacktop had cracks and potholes in it that made the truck rumble as it rode along. The road signs had all been removed or had simply worn away.
The scenery changed dramatically. As the truck rolled along the main road toward the center of town, the buildings became clean, painted, well kept. Fresh laundry flapped on clotheslines over yards where the grass had been cut, the weeds removed.
The truck slowed to a crawl. Blake obviously wanted Michael to take in every detail.
“This place was a silver and gold mining town back when the country had still been called the United States of America. After the bombs fell, the place became a ghost town. Not even the raiders knew it existed. It was completely intact when we found it, with a power plant serviced by a waterfall and everything. It was like stumbling across a slice of heaven.” He pointed at a distant cliff. “You can see the plant right up there.”
Michael peered at it through the pitted glass. It looked very much like a country-style house. It sat on the edge of a craggy cliff with two waterfalls dropping on either side of it like the long white mustache of a sage.
As they drove further into town, Michael became more and more unsettled. He hadn’t seen any people yet.
“Everyone’s at the town meeting,” Blake said as if he had read Michael’s mind—and maybe he had. He pulled out his pack of cigarettes and tapped one out. “Every Wednesday at eleven o’clock, right before lunch.”
“The entire town gets together? How many people live here?”
“There were 247. Now that you’re here, it’s 248.”
Blake stopped the truck at an intersection, lit his cigarette, and then hit the gas again. Michael looked out and saw a town hall, a church, and stores with freshly painted signs hanging outside.
They drove along a road that followed a swift-moving stream. This part of the town lay in the shade of a mountainside. Across the stream, in the darkened tree boughs, colorful birds flitted from branch to branch, and some kind of ashy pink flower petal blew in the wind. Despite Blake’s cigarette, Michael caught the smell of the water and the subtle fragrance of the flowers. The breeze washing against his face refreshed him in a way that made it seem possible to forget the horrors he’d faced back at the restaurant. 
If only Benny could be here to see this. He ached for his older brother.
Mikey…Someday you’ll make us all proud. 
He felt the skin around his eyes tighten with emotion. Dominic watched him in the side-view mirror.
“What?” Michael said. He held the gaze until Dominic looked away, back through his own window. 
“We’re almost there,” Blake said. “You’ll be able to use the bathroom, take a shower, eat something. Arielle makes the best veggie stew in the Eastlands, I swear it.”
The truck turned onto a covered bridge that arched across the stream. A sign hung on a post at the end of the bridge that read “Silo Street” and the wheels made rubbery thumping sounds as they drove over the wooden flooring toward a quaint neighborhood of homes.
Sunlight slanted into this part of town, illuminating the rooftops of beautiful houses like something out of a pre-war children’s book. The truck stopped in front of a large bungalow, complete with sloping rooftops and dormer windows, that sat nestled against the mountain slope. It stood one-and-a-half stories tall, the outer walls of the first story composed of beige and brown stones similar to the ones that made up the pathway leading up to a small verandah along one side of the house. 
Michael gazed at it, fascinated. Along with wanting to become an engineer, he’d always liked the idea of being an architect. He knew enough about buildings to know that this particular one was truly unique nowadays; a reminder of the way life had once been, before the war, when the construction of buildings was something people did with an eye toward the artistic and not simply to contain as many bodies as humanly possible to meet Party quotas.
“This is where you’ll be living,” Blake said matter-of-factly, as if he were merely indicating a one-room log cabin with no windows.
“You’re kidding.”
“Nice, isn’t it? This is where the boys live. If you want to see a real treat, wait ’til you see the girls’ house down the street.” He let out an admiring whistle.
They parked in front of a two-car attached garage. Michael stepped out and stretched, his lungs sucking down cool mountain air.
“This is where I leave you,” Blake said. “I’ve got some things I need to take care of now that you’ve arrived. Dominic will show you to your room. Sound good?”
Michael nodded once and stepped out of the car.

~

Continued in ASCENDANT
Purchase the entire novel at your local eBook retailer, or email me at richard.denoncourt@gmail.com to receive (and review) a free copy.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Richard Denoncourt is the author of horror, fantasy, and science fiction. He studied English literature and philosophy at Colgate University, after which he received an MFA in creative writing from The New School. He lives in New Hampshire.

Sign up here to join my newsletter. You’ll get another of my novels for free, as well as hear about new releases. Thanks again for your support!

Contact the Author at
http://www.rdenoncourt.com/

