ASCENDANT
Episode II: Children of Ment

BY
RICHARD DENONCOURT


Copyright © 2013 Richard Denoncourt
Self Land Publishing
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved.


Content Edit: Kara Amie
Copy Edit: Shelley Holloway, hollowayhouse.me


Ascendant is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Join the author’s “Rewards” mailing list and receive OUTBREAK for free. Subscribers will also get a free copy of FERAL, Book 2 of Luminether, when it comes out in Summer of 2015.

Click here (or click the covers below) to sign up!
 


ALSO BY RICHARD DENONCOURT

TRAINLAND
OUTBREAK
SAVANT

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Episode II: Children of Ment
About the Author


Episode II

CHILDREN OF MENT


“Do not awaken what is sleeping under my skin.
Let me be blind and deaf and mute;
let me be innocent, ignorant, naïve.
Otherwise, I will be a murderer.”

The Angel of Galilea 
Laura Restrepo


Chapter 1

Michael drifted in and out of sleep throughout the ride, struggling to drink the water and eat the sugary granola bars Blake kept handing back to him. While awake, he mostly kept his head against the windowpane and gazed out at the dark, mountainous land. 
They were past the Line, something he’d wanted all his life; and yet he didn’t care anymore about that. All he wanted now was to be safe at home with his family.
At some point, they came to a lonely old barn in the middle of a field. Dominic helped Michael out of the car, advising him to stretch his limbs while he had the opportunity. He followed these instructions, grunting as a bunch of his joints popped.
Louis Blake fiddled with the lock holding the barn doors closed, then pushed them open one after the other and motioned for Michael and Dominic to follow him into the musty darkness. He clicked on a flashlight and passed the beam over the walls, revealing a squat, rusted truck in the center that had an ample back seat.
“Here we go,” Dominic said, rapping his knuckles against the hood. “Good old Eastland transportation.”
Dominic took the front seat again while Michael slid into the back seat. The engine shook as it started and immediately filled the barn with diesel fumes as thick as silk.
“What is this?” Michael managed to say, coughing from the smell.
“Camouflage,” Blake said, shifting the truck into drive using an angled stick jutting out of the steering wheel’s column. “Hold on.”
The truck lurched backward out of the barn.
“What about the ministry car?” Michael said. “We just left it out there.”
Blake and Dominic looked at each other.
“Spare parts, I guess,” Dominic said with a shrug. “Or maybe it’ll scare the crows.”

They drove through the night. Michael fell asleep gazing up at a radiant universe of stars. He had never seen them like this before. So vast and mysterious. If only he didn’t have such a pounding headache.
It was mid-morning when he awoke with a sour taste in his mouth, his skin greasy with sweat that had gone stale in the sun’s heat. His legs had gone numb from the way he’d been sitting. He repositioned himself, clenching his teeth as the prickly feeling ran its course. The air smelled like stale cigarettes. 
Louis Blake drove bent over the wheel, his eyes wide and sober as he stared at the road before him. Dominic had planted one of his black boots on the dashboard and was looking out the window. Michael caught a glimpse of the man’s brooding expression in the side-view mirror.
They drove along a road built into the side of a mountain. To their left was a jagged rock wall and opposite that, a landscape of rolling hills and trees, all of it drowned in vibrant morning light that made the colors seem to pulse and breathe.
Soon they came to a deep valley between two mountains. It was closed at the other end. Blake was driving them into a box canyon, a place from which there appeared to be no exit except the road by which they had come.
“What is this place?” Michael said.
“Oh, good.” Dominic sighed. “He’s awake.”
Blake gave Dominic an annoyed look, then glanced at Michael in the rearview mirror. “This is Gulch. Your new home.”
The truck rolled into a small town nestled amid trees and overgrowth. It was tiny even compared to the smallest of New Sancta’s forty-eight sectors. Most of the houses they passed were boarded up and shabby, obviously abandoned. The blacktop had cracks and potholes in it that made the truck rumble as it rode along. The road signs had all been removed or had simply worn away.
The scenery changed dramatically. As the truck rolled along the main road toward the center of town, the buildings became clean, painted, well kept. Fresh laundry flapped on clotheslines over yards where the grass had been cut, the weeds removed.
The truck slowed to a crawl. Blake obviously wanted Michael to take in every detail.
“This place was a silver and gold mining town back when the country had still been called the United States of America. After the bombs fell, the place became a ghost town. Not even the raiders knew it existed. It was completely intact when we found it, with a power plant serviced by a waterfall and everything. It was like stumbling across a slice of heaven.” He pointed at a distant cliff. “You can see the plant right up there.”
Michael peered at it through the pitted glass. It looked very much like a country-style house. It sat on the edge of a craggy cliff with two waterfalls dropping on either side of it like the long white mustache of a sage.
As they drove further into town, Michael became more and more unsettled. He hadn’t seen any people yet.
“Everyone’s at the town meeting,” Blake said as if he had read Michael’s mind—and maybe he had. He pulled out his pack of cigarettes and tapped one out. “Every Wednesday at eleven o’clock, right before lunch.”
“The entire town gets together? How many people live here?”
“There were 247. Now that you’re here, it’s 248.”
Blake stopped the truck at an intersection, lit his cigarette, and then hit the gas again. Michael looked out and saw a town hall, a church, and stores with freshly painted signs hanging outside.
They drove along a road that followed a swift-moving stream. This part of the town lay in the shade of a mountainside. Across the stream, in the darkened tree boughs, colorful birds flitted from branch to branch, and some kind of ashy pink flower petal blew in the wind. Despite Blake’s cigarette, Michael caught the smell of the water and the subtle fragrance of the flowers. The breeze washing against his face refreshed him in a way that made it seem possible to forget the horrors he’d faced back at the restaurant. 
If only Benny could be here to see this. He ached for his older brother.
Mikey…Someday you’ll make us all proud. 
He felt the skin around his eyes tighten with emotion. Dominic watched him in the side-view mirror.
“What?” Michael said. He held the gaze until Dominic looked away, back through his own window. 
“We’re almost there,” Blake said. “You’ll be able to use the bathroom, take a shower, eat something. Arielle makes the best veggie stew in the Eastlands, I swear it.”
The truck turned onto a covered bridge that arched across the stream. A sign hung on a post at the end of the bridge that read “Silo Street” and the wheels made rubbery thumping sounds as they drove over the wooden flooring toward a quaint neighborhood of homes.
Sunlight slanted into this part of town, illuminating the rooftops of beautiful houses like something out of a pre-war children’s book. The truck stopped in front of a large bungalow, complete with sloping rooftops and dormer windows, that sat nestled against the mountain slope. It stood one-and-a-half stories tall, the outer walls of the first story composed of beige and brown stones similar to the ones that made up the pathway leading up to a small verandah along one side of the house. 
Michael gazed at it, fascinated. Along with wanting to become an engineer, he’d always liked the idea of being an architect. He knew enough about buildings to know that this particular one was truly unique nowadays; a reminder of the way life had once been, before the war, when the construction of buildings was something people did with an eye toward the artistic and not simply to contain as many bodies as humanly possible to meet Party quotas.
“This is where you’ll be living,” Blake said matter-of-factly, as if he were merely indicating a one-room log cabin with no windows.
“You’re kidding.”
“Nice, isn’t it? This is where the boys live. If you want to see a real treat, wait ’til you see the girls’ house down the street.” He let out an admiring whistle.
They parked in front of a two-car attached garage. Michael stepped out and stretched, his lungs sucking down cool mountain air.
“This is where I leave you,” Blake said. “I’ve got some things I need to take care of now that you’ve arrived. Dominic will show you to your room. Sound good?”
Michael nodded once and stepped out of the car.
Chapter 2

The interior of the house left Michael in a state of breathless wonder; every piece of furniture was in its proper place to balance out the room, the carpets were free of dust and dirt, and the interior spaces seemed large to the point of extravagance. Michael walked through the rooms with his mouth hanging open in amazement. 
Dominic explained that the boys who lived here pooled their resources to employ a maid. There was money in Gulch, but people mostly bartered for goods and services. The boys earned their keep by bringing in wood from the surrounding forests and repairing whatever broken radios, appliances, and weapons the caravans brought it.
“I can fix things,” Michael assured Dominic as he followed him up a set of stairs into a cramped attic space. 
“Yeah?” He didn’t seem at all interested.
“I used to take the recording devices out of Handy Dans and sell them on the black market.”
Dominic stopped at the top of the stairs. He turned slowly and glared at Michael. 
“What? Why the hell would you take such a risk? What’s wrong with you?”
Michael shrugged. “My family needed the money. It’s not like I ever got caught.”
Dominic nodded almost imperceptibly, keeping his eyes trained on Michael’s. Then, without warning, the corners of his lips curled into a smile and he began to chuckle. 
“We might have some use for you after all,” he said and turned into the room.
The attic had been prepared for Michael in advance. A simple cot stood in the corner, its gray wool blanket and white sheets tucked beneath the mattress in military fashion. There was a desk, a wardrobe, and a basket, probably for dirty laundry. There was also a shabby bookshelf filled with old paperbacks and a set of encyclopedias showing gaps where some of the volumes were missing.
Michael’s shoes clapped over the boards as he jogged over to the books.
“No way,” he said. “These are all illegal”—he lowered his voice—“illegal books. In the People’s Republic, at least. This is amazing.” He pulled an encyclopedia off a shelf, opened it, and smelled the pages.
Dominic shook his head. “You’ll have new clothes sent to you, along with a toothbrush, soap, and anything else you might need. There’s a convenience store in the center of town. Once you start making your own money, you’ll be able to shop there.”
Michael fell back onto the cot, wincing as the springs let out squeals of protest. He held one of the encyclopedias to his chest. Tension drained out of his back and shoulders like water being squeezed out of a sponge.
“So what happens now?” he said.
Dominic studied him, the swollen spots on his face gleaming in the sunlight slanting in through the only window. “You should meet the other boys, you know, get comfortable, try to fit in. Then, we’ll eat.”
He ducked under the sloping ceiling and righted an analog clock sitting on the desk, then went about setting it to the correct time.
“You’ll be expected for breakfast at six o’clock every morning. This isn’t a vacation. The other boys won’t accept you as one of their own if you start breaking the rules, so no rebellious shit, okay?”
Michael sat on the edge of the cot and wrung his hands together. 
“What if I just don’t fit in? I mean, I’m from the city, you know?”
Dominic was about to speak when the roar of motorcycles sounded outside the house.
“Ian’s back,” he said, motioning for Michael to get off the bed and follow him. “Sounds like he brought his gang. Come on. Try to look tough.”
The roaring stopped as the boys parked the bikes. Michael could hear them laughing through the open windows as he followed Dominic into the garage, which, aside from a few stacks of boxes and scattered piles of sporting equipment, was empty. He almost bent over to pick up a baseball bat but stopped himself. Did he want to meet these guys with a potential weapon in his hand? How would that be for a first impression?
Dominic flung the door open and stepped outside. Michael winced in the sudden wash of sunlight. The first things he noticed were the motorcycles; they looked like they had been worked on extensively, and Michael guessed they were all over thirty years old.
A sudden, joyful shout grabbed his attention. One of the boys, a tall chubby one with a messy mop of blond hair leaped toward Dominic and pulled him into a bear hug. The boy was huge; not as tall as Dominic, but at least eighty pounds heavier.
“Dom, holy shit, it’s good to see you.”
“Eli, you big teddy bear, how about letting me breathe a little?” Dominic worked his way out of the boy’s arms and stood smiling at him. Then he turned his attention to the next boy, who reminded Michael of Benny in a strange way. He was fair-haired and tall whereas Benny had been dark-featured and of average height, but they had that same confident way of swinging their arms as they walked.
“Dominic,” the kid said, playing with a set of keys in his right hand. “You look like shit. Have a run-in with the FSD again?”
“And you, Pete,” Dominic said, putting a hand on the boy’s shoulder, “you look pretty much the same as the last time I saw you. Don’t worry. You’ll hit puberty eventually.”
Pete pushed him away, smiling a little as he eyed Dominic’s bruised face. “At least I don’t look like the entire FSD whaled on my ass.”
“But you’d like that, wouldn’t you?”
That left the last of the three boys, who was shorter than everyone present. His narrow eyes were a deep brown and stood out against the paleness of his skin. Like the heads of matches, they seemed quick to flash into rage at the slightest provocation. He wore a denim jacket with dark clothes beneath it, and his hair was shaved down to a thin fuzz. A piece of metal in his left earlobe caught the light. 
“He’s back,” the kid said in a voice that sounded artificially toughened. “What’s the matter? Get tired of city dick?”
Dominic gave a light-hearted chuckle. “Ian Meacham, you look as cheerful as ever. Finally got yourself laid with something that walks on two legs instead of four?”
The other boys chuckled and watched to see what Ian would do. Ian glanced at them, saw Michael, then looked back at Dominic.
“I see you got yourself a little boyfriend. What street corner did you pull him off of?”
Michael’s body tensed. Where he was from, those were fighting words. He had punched other boys for less than this. Here, though, he was outnumbered, and he had no one to back him up now that Benny was dead. The memory of Benny bleeding all over the floor enraged him suddenly. 
“Go to hell,” Michael said, barely moving his lips.
Ian reached around to the back of his pants and pulled out a 9mm pistol. He lashed his arm outward to aim at Michael— 
…and released a sharp gasp as Dominic, now pressed up against him from behind—right hand clenching the pistol and the boy’s fingers in a powerful grip—spoke threateningly into his ear.
“Gotcha.”
“Get off me!” Ian shouted.
The boy struggled but was obviously no match for Dominic, whose facial bruising made him look in that moment like a sociopathic killer.
Dominic spoke in a low, breathy voice.
“You’re subject to the rules of this town like everybody else, I don’t care who your father is. So unless you want me to break every finger you own and ruin your solitary sex life for the next few months, put the gun back into your pants where it belongs.”
Pete took a step toward them. He spoke with the confidence of someone who had been leading this pack for a long time and was used to these situations.
“Dom, let him go. He’s one of us and you’re not. As far as I know, you’re still outcast.”
“Oh?” Dominic said, pushing Ian away but keeping the boy’s pistol. “You need to lay off the shine, Peter. I wasn’t outcast. I volunteered to leave.”
“Whatever,” Peter said. “Just take it easy. Ian didn’t mean anything. He has a problem with authority.” He looked at Ian. “Right?”
“Spite yourself, Pete.”
Peter glared at him, head rising slightly.
“What did you just say to me, you little punk?”
“Nothing,” Ian muttered and looked away.
Dominic shoved Peter aside. He took a few steps toward Michael.
“This is Mike Cairne,” he announced. “He’ll be your roommate as well as a new addition to the ment community. He’s a Type I, so you boys better watch your step.”
“Type I?” Peter said with a scoff. “Stop messin’ around. They don’t exist.”
Dominic, looking bored now, shot Michael a quick glance before turning to leave. Eli was standing in the way. Dominic squared his shoulders before the brutish boy. Michael expected another conflict, but then a warm grin spread across Eli’s face as he stepped aside to let Dominic pass.
“Age before beauty,” Eli said with a wink.
“Wisdom before ignorance is more like it, knucklehead.”
The boys ignored Michael as they made their way back into the house, leaving him standing in the driveway with no idea what to do next.
“Dominic, wait!” he called out, and ran to catch up to the man.
Dominic didn’t look happy to see him. He was fingering his bruises and shaking his head.
“I’m not going to be your personal guide around here. You have to learn to fend for yourself.”
“Okay.” Michael kept pace with him.
“You can’t just follow me around everywhere.”
“All right,” he said, matching Dominic’s steps.
Dominic whirled on him. “What do you want from me, kid?”
Michael shrugged and said the first thing that came to mind. 
“What do you for lunch around here?”
Chapter 3

Louis Blake lit a cigarette.
The men sitting around the table watched him, waiting for him to cough up the smoke like he usually did. But this time he didn’t. Midas’s cough syrup was just that good. He would have to get the old doctor a little gift to show his gratitude.
The smoke hung near the ceiling of the small room. The only light came in through the window, an intense sunlight that made Blake a little drowsy. It was around this time that he usually woke from his afternoon nap.
“He’s a killer,” John Meacham said, splaying the fingers of his big, rugged hands on the table. “He’ll bring death to this town, mark my words.”
“It wasn’t his fault,” Blake said, putting the cigarette to his lips. “It happened under circumstances that were highly unusual.”
“And what circumstances are those, exactly?” 
“Well”—he exhaled smoke—“for starters, he watched an FSD officer slice his brother’s neck open with a broken bottle while his mother and father were freezing to death inside of a giant refrigerator.”
Meacham frowned deeply and shook his head. “Jesus.”
He sat opposite Blake at the other end of the table, by the window. Four other men sat between them, wincing at what Blake had just shared. One was Gerald Kepplinger, a drowsy-looking man who oversaw the staff running the power plant. Another was Joe Bigg, a well-groomed man with dark features who oversaw the water purification and distribution plant and was the only person in town who wore hair gel (it was homemade). And then there was Hugo Seneca, a broad, brown-skinned man who always looked like he wanted to punch something and then scream at it. He oversaw agriculture and made sure people were producing the proper quantities of food assigned to them. They were the town’s ministers.
The fourth man was Midas Ford, the town’s only doctor. He was a black man in his sixties, with gray hair that clung to his head in a curly fuzz, leaving a domed bald spot up top. His glasses took up half of his face and his cheeks were heavily pockmarked. He sat slumped in his chair, looking like he wanted to say something but didn’t know how. 
A chair creaked as Hugo Seneca sat forward and twined his fingers together on the tabletop. “I’d like to say something if that’s okay with you, Louis.” He gave Blake a hard, patronizing glare.
Blake sat smoking and watching the man.
“This boy, by virtue of his involvement in the experiments, is property of the People’s Republic, which makes him personal property of Harris Kole. What do you think’s going to happen when Kole finds out you stole his property and brought it out here to the mountains? Where do you think he’s going to start sending his scouts?”
“Property?” Blake said.
Meacham rolled his eyes. “Here we go.”
“Did you say this boy was government property, Hugo? Because the last time I checked, we didn’t share the same philosophy as slavers.”
“Oh, to hell with that,” Hugo said, sitting back and glancing at Meacham for support. “You know what I mean. The boy’s a Type I telepath, the only one in existence as far as we know. If Kole ever had a reason to send soldiers across the border, it’s him.”
“I agree,” Kepplinger said, looking as though he might fall asleep at any moment. His voice came out thin and papery. For a man who worked around electricity all day, his presence was as titillating as a dead battery. “That boy brings a certain amount of risk that our small community cannot”—he wagged a finger in the air—“and should not withstand.”
“Thank you, Minister Kepplinger,” Meacham said with a look of mild contempt.
John Meacham himself was a thick-limbed man with powerful shoulders and a face that was always pink from all the time he spent out in the sun. Aside from his job as Overseer of Gulch, he delegated the collection and distribution of firewood, a process that needed to be done right due to the unpredictable climate in these mountains.
“We can’t outcast the boy,” Blake said, “not after kidnapping him and bringing him out here.”
Meacham got up and leaned over the table. 
“If what you say about him is true”—he peered at Blake from beneath his shaggy brows—“then the boy would be better off in the New Dallas Republic. You did him a service by smuggling him over the border in the first place. You don’t have to be his nanny, too.”
Midas Ford spoke up unexpectedly, his voice humble and soft. As usual, everyone listened.
“He wouldn’t survive a day out there, so you all listen to me, now. I held that boy’s brothers and sisters in my hands once upon a time—children that came out of those experiments just like he did, to die at the hands of men like the one I used to be.” The old doctor stood up with a grunt, wagging his index finger. “You outcast that boy, and I’m going with him. I don’t care if it costs me my life. I’m not gonna have any part in another child’s death.”
He shuffled toward the door, leaving the men in silence. On the way there, he stopped and rested a hand on Blake’s shoulder. 
“I know you’ll do the right thing, Louis.” 
Blake stabbed his cigarette into the ashtray and exhaled smoke. 
“And quit smoking, damn it,” Midas said on his way out. “It’s gonna kill you.”
The ministers chuckled as the door clicked shut. Blake used the distraction to do a telepathic scan of each one. Uncapping the lens in his mind, he opened himself to their emotional fluctuations. Mostly he sensed fear, mixed with mild resentment.
“Michael’s not a threat to any of you,” Blake said.
Meacham slapped the table. “That’s not what we’re—”
Sounds from beyond the door interrupted them. It was Midas Ford, and he was laughing with the kind of joy reserved for a man greeting a son back from war. The men at the table hadn’t heard Midas laugh in years. They all knew what it meant.
Meacham closed his eyes, turned his face away. “Blake, you son of a bitch.”
Blake clenched his teeth and laughed. He couldn’t help it. The irritation this brought to his throat and lungs made his chest heave. He took out the cough syrup and swallowed a quick dose just as the door swung open and Dominic strutted into the room.
“Well, well,” Dominic said, winking with his swollen eye. “The Ministry of Control, with John Meacham as Over-Dictator. Much has changed in this tiny town.”
Meacham stood bent over the table, white knuckles pressed to the wood, the pink skin of his face tightening with fury. 
“What are you doing here, Dom,” he said, and it wasn’t a question. “I told you never to step foot on this soil again.”
“Nuh-uh.” Dominic wagged his index finger from side-to-side. “Blake was Overseer back then, and he’s the one who told me never to come back.” Dominic looked at Blake, who was still smirking. “Well, old man?” 
“Fine with me,” Blake said.
Dominic grinned at John Meacham.
“Wipe that stupid smirk off your face,” Meacham said, straightening. The tightness in his massive shoulders was obvious. “I buried your older brother, and I’ll do the same to you. Just give me a reason.”
Dominic remained calm though a violent edge crept into his voice. “Is that all you want? A reason?”
Blake sent his voice into Dominic’s mind. Don’t react. He’ll have you thrown out.
He can try, came the response.
“I’m not gonna stand for this,” Meacham said in a low, growling voice. He took several steps toward Dominic, his face deepening in color, a sure sign that he was teetering over the edge of a tantrum. “You think you’re in control, but you’re not. You’re just like that boy you brought into my town—a danger to these people.”
Easy, Dominic, Blake sent across the room. You’re tougher than he is.
Mind your own damn business and get out of my head.
Meacham had brought his face inches away from Dominic’s, nostrils flaring like those of a bull about to run someone down. Dominic didn’t move except for a slight twitching of his fingers. The scene lasted for a few seconds, with everyone else in the room watching in silence. Finally Dominic backed down.
“I’ll stay out of your way,” Dominic said. “I’ll even follow the rules. But from now on, you got something to say to me, you say it through Dr. Ford or Major Blake.”
“And what about the boy, Michael?” Meacham said, sneering in amused contempt at Dominic. “We all know why you went to all that trouble bringing him here, don’t we?” He gave a perverse wag of his eyebrows. “You being a cocksucker and all.”
Blake winced. He could sense the tremors of rage running through Dominic. He was like a pillar supporting too much weight, ready to crack apart at any moment. 
Blake wouldn’t use telepathy to calm him, not this time; Dominic would take that as an insult.
“Like I said,” Dominic told Meacham, surprisingly calm on the surface. “You want to say something to me, you go through Major Blake or Midas Ford from now on.”
He turned with his hands in his pockets and strolled out of the room, the door clicking shut behind him. Blake let out his breath. The ministers looked at each other in disbelief.
“He’s different,” Gerald Kepplinger said, no longer appearing sleepy.
Joe Bigg lightly prodded his gelled hair. “He’s a total drama queen.”
“He’s dangerous,” Hugo Seneca said.
Meacham gave Blake a guarded, distrustful look. “You and I go back a long way, Louis, and you know as well as the rest of the men in this room that I got no problem with your kind. But”—he stabbed a thick finger in the direction of the door—“I don’t trust that asshole, not one bit. He doesn’t feel an ounce of loyalty to anyone. Not even you, Blake. He’s got other reasons for being here. I know it.”
Blake got up and felt for his pack of cigarettes. “You let me deal with Michael and Dominic.”
He left the room, trying as hard as he could to hold back a tide of painful, hacking coughs until he was outside. The word “loyalty” reminded him of a promise he had made a long time ago.
If you can get him out, I’ll find him and protect him, Claudia. I swear it. Even if I have to turn my back on everyone I’ve ever known.
He swallowed a mouthful of cough syrup.
“I’m doing my best, sweetheart,” he said, looking up at the sky as he screwed the cap back on the bottle.
Chapter 4

“Lunch is at one o’clock at the Cold War Café on Landing Zone Street, right off Missile Avenue.” Dominic had told Michael after leaving him in the driveway. “Think you can find it on your own?”
Landing Zone Street was one of the places Michael remembered from the drive, if only because it had such a strange name. He’d be able to find it easily.
Lunch, though, wasn’t for another hour. Since Dominic abandoned him, Michael had spent the past twenty minutes sitting on the low stone wall surrounding the property, unsure whether to go back inside the house or start for the café. Then it occurred to him that it might be nice to explore the houses on Silo Street. 
The walk was a pleasant one. The trees and the cliff sides drowned the area in cool shade. Birds chirped all around him, and the gentle wind slipped through the trees like gushing water. All of it seemed so organic compared to the inhumane, mechanical cruelty of the sector in which he’d grown up.
The other houses were just as impressive as the one he was staying in. At the end of the street, a pink two-story home with stucco walls and a brown-shingled rooftop drew his attention, though not because of its design or style. A girl emerged from the front door just as he was walking by. Michael stepped behind a tree and studied her. She was the first Eastlander girl he had ever seen.
She stopped on the front steps and looked out over the yard. Michael could only make out the most basic details from this distance. Her hair, deep brown and sensuously thick, was lifted up in a loose bun, and she wore jeans and a collared blouse that failed to hide the significant curves of her body. Michael had always pictured Eastlander women as being skinny and malnourished; this one was the opposite, with a fullness that captivated him.
He startled when he heard her voice.
“William,” she called out sharply. “Get over here now.”
The woman—not really a girl at all—had rested her hands on her hips and was scanning the yard with an intensity that reminded Michael of the gun turrets built along the Line back home. 
A strange tingling sensation ignited inside his brain. Michael turned. A small boy stood in the street, watching him.
He was wiry with a fluffy mess of brown hair that matched the woman’s in color and thickness, and he was squinting so deeply at Michael that his eyes were little more than slits. 
“Hey,” Michael said. “Are you William?”
The boy only looked at him.
“William!” the woman shouted, this time with both hands cupping her mouth. “I’m going to spank the wrath out of you if you don’t get over here right now!”
The boy, no older than six years, suddenly spun away and hobbled toward the house. He had a clubfoot and his orthopedic shoe was a leathery, clunky thing, obviously uncomfortable.
“Nice to meet you, too,” Michael said, not loud enough for the boy to hear him.
He watched William limp across the yard toward the front steps of the pink house, where the woman stood with her arms crossed. When the boy arrived, he pointed back at Michael. The woman squinted to see him in the distance. 
Michael tensed. He was about to leave when the woman waved to him. He waved back, awkwardly. He shouldn’t have stopped here at all.
She said something to William and pointed into the house. William looked back at Michael once more before clomping through the door. Looking relieved now that the boy was safely inside, the woman let her arms drop to her sides and took hurried, confident strides across the yard. 
As she came closer, Michael saw just how attractive and young she was—not a woman like he’d thought before, but a girl on the cusp of womanhood. Her full-lipped mouth had gathered into an indecisive pout, and her eyes—brown and darkly lashed—were narrowed in a haughty way. With each step, her hips swung. 
“Hi,” she said, standing before Michael on the grass at the edge of the property. She crossed her arms beneath her breasts, even lifting them a little as if they were too heavy to let hang on their own.
He remained motionless on the paved road. “Are you one of Blake’s new boys?”
“I’m just a new resident, that’s all.” He slipped his hands into his pockets and rocked back a little on his heels. “I just got here and—you know. From the People’s Republic?”
Her mouth opened in awe, like he was famous and she had finally recognized him.
“You’re a telepath,” she said. 
“How do you know that?”
“Because Blake only brings people here from the west if they’re telepathic.”
Michael nodded and relaxed a little. The girl was awestruck. “I’m a Type I, or something like that. According to Dominic.” He shrugged like it was no big deal, just details.
“Well, you don’t have to brag about it.” She frowned at him. “Dominic’s back, huh? Swell.”
Fear flashed through the girl’s mind like silent thunder, and then it was gone. Michael wasn’t sure how he’d picked up on it, but it definitely hadn’t been his imagination.
“Anyway,” she said uncomfortably. “My name’s Charlotte.”
“Michael.”
Her posture shifted so that now she looked extremely bored. There was a faint blush in her cheeks. Michael tore his eyes away from her and muttered the first thing that came to mind.
“Almost lunch time.”
“Your shirt’s backwards,” was her response. She gave him an arrogant smirk.
“Huh?” He reached up to the collar and found the label in the front instead of the back. “I didn’t even notice.”
He pulled his arms in through the sleeves and rotated the shirt around his torso so he wouldn’t have to take it off in front of her. She seemed amused by his shyness.
“So,” Michael said to break the silence, “is William your brother?” 
“He’s my son. I had him when I was—”
Her voice was cut off by the roar of motorcycle engines. Peter and the other boys had clustered at the end of their driveway down the street.
Michael tensed. They were watching him.
Ian sat on his bike, parked next to Peter. Together they watched Michael and Charlotte for a few seconds before saying something to each other and driving away, Eli trailing behind him.
“I can walk with you if you want,” Charlotte said, and quickly added: “I normally ride my bike, but it’s a nice day for walking.”
“What about William?”
“Oh, him.” She looked down at the pavement as if calculating something. When she looked back up at Michael, she was wincing slightly. “I usually bring him back food. He can’t walk or ride very well because of his condition. I’m sure you noticed—”
“He has a clubfoot.”
She shrugged. “So what do you say? Lunch?”
They spoke little during the half-hour walk, mostly about the weather here in the mountains and some of the local gossip. Michael spent most of the walk brooding over his place here in Gulch. He tried to ignore the way his blood seemed to warm whenever Charlotte strayed close to him on the sidewalk. It wasn’t like any attraction he’d ever felt toward the waitresses at his parents’ restaurant. She frightened him a little.
The Cold War Café—Atomic Coffee and Pastries, read the sign—was a non-descript building standing shoulder-to-shoulder with several other buildings of the same design. It would have blended in completely except that someone had painted the facade orange and brown. The colors, along with the stenciled orange-and-brown sign in front, gave it an air of prewar nostalgia.
“This place is unreal,” Michael said, gazing through the windows. “It’s like a dream from the past.”
Charlotte winced a little. “I wouldn’t say weird stuff like that around here.”
“Why is that weird?”
She shook her head. “Doesn’t matter. Come on.”
He followed her into the shady café. It was a single room, much longer than it was wide, and at the other end, beyond a series of booths and a few round tables in the center, was a bar with a half dozen empty stools lining it. A colorful but ancient-looking jukebox sat against the nearest booth.
Two of the booths near the back were filled with people. In one, Michael recognized Peter, Eli, and Ian. The other was full of men he’d not yet encountered. Otherwise, the place was empty.
The back door swept open into the room, and a blonde girl entered, carrying a plate in each hand. Michael caught the smell of roasted vegetables with herbs and a type of meat he couldn’t identify. His mouth filled with saliva. Meat. He hadn’t eaten real meat in years. He practically jumped into a booth, so eager was he to be served a plate of greasy steaming meat. He didn’t care if it came from rats.
He was sure the boys had seen him come in, especially Peter, who sat facing the front door. Charlotte met the blonde girl halfway across the room and took the plates away from her.
“Hey,” Peter said. “We’ve been waiting for those.”
“We have a guest,” Charlotte said.
The blonde girl, hearing the word “guest,” squinted in Michael’s direction. The light coming from the windows must have made him little more than a silhouette. As she studied him, he took the opportunity to study her as well. Pretty but skinny, the girl was dressed in sandals, denim shorts, and a yellow T-shirt on which a cartoon nuclear missile with arms, legs, and a smiling face was frozen in a wave. There was a yellow ribbon in her hair that matched the shirt. She looked to be about the same age as Michael, maybe a year younger.
Charlotte came over to Michael’s booth with the plates. The meat was in the form of thin grilled strips, and Michael had to swallow pooled saliva before he could stuff one of the strips into his mouth. The greasiness and the charcoal flavor and the soft, slippery texture of the fat caused tiny explosions of ecstasy all along his tongue. He let out a soft groan.
“Meat,” he said.
Charlotte frowned at him. Michael tried to explain.
“We don’t, um...” He chewed vigorously and swallowed. “We don’t get a whole lot of meat where I’m from.”
He forced himself to eat at a steady pace. Across from him in the booth, Charlotte picked at her food. She seemed uncomfortable around the blonde girl.
“Is that your sister?” Michael said to break the silence.
She nodded. “That’s Arielle. You’ll get to know her eventually. Everybody does.”
That last bit had come out with a roll of her eyes.
Arielle came to the table, frowning slightly as she studied Michael. Her eyes, like her sister’s, were large and attractive, but they were a bright color—blue or green, he couldn’t tell—instead of brown. Her pert and pretty face radiated an emotional openness missing from her sister’s. Even while frowning, Arielle seemed to be on the verge of smiling.
“Hi,” she said. “Are you new here?”
Charlotte let out a cynical chuckle. “It’s not like he’s been hiding in the Hollows this entire time, Arielle. Of course he’s new.”
Arielle’s face eased into a smile with a nose that wrinkled up like a rabbit’s. “I see you two have become fast friends.”
Charlotte glared at her sister. Michael swallowed what food was in his mouth and stuck his hand out.
“My name’s Michael,” he said.
Arielle took his hand and swung it up and down in an awkward shake.
“I’m Arielle. Pleased to meetcha.”
Charlotte cleared her throat. Arielle lost the smile, then glanced at Michael’s empty plate and said, “Seconds?”
Michael nodded vigorously. “Please.”
A second helping of food? These people were rich!
“Comin’ right up.” Arielle grabbed his plate and spun toward the back doors. Then she spun back around and gave him a serious look. “Let me know if there’s anything else, okay? I rely on peoples’ comments to improve this place. There’s a suggestion box by the front door if you don’t feel comfortable telling me face-to-face, so—anyway, be right back.”
“You own this place?” He asked before she could turn away again.
She smiled and nodded. “Uh huh. Do you like it?”
“Yeah, it’s great!”
She beamed that happy smile at him again. Michael’s face warmed. Arielle disappeared through the back doors, leaving only the sound of their flapping as they came to rest.
“Wow,” he said, looking at Charlotte. “She’s really nice.”
Charlotte was scowling. She had crossed her arms.
“What’s wrong?”
Another roll of her eyes. “Oh, come on. She’s dumb as a rock. Don’t tell me you go for girls like that.”
“Why would you say that? She’s your sister. Plus, she started her own business. Dumb people don’t do that.”
With a heavy sigh, Charlotte slid out of the booth, stormed across the café, and burst through the doors after her sister. 
A moment later, the four men Michael hadn’t yet met slid out of their booth. Sporting ragged beards, dressed in jeans and faded T-shirts with sweat stains under the arms, they looked to be in their late-twenties and early-thirties, much older than Peter, Eli, and Ian. They gave Michael looks of distrust. 
He cast his gaze downward until they passed his table.
Arielle appeared through the back doors carrying a smaller plate of bacon and potatoes and a wooden cup she was careful not to spill.
“Hey, blondie, here’s a song for ya,” one of the men called out.
Michael heard the clink of a coin entering the jukebox. A song began to play, one he recognized from his homemade radios back home. 
It was “A Kiss to Build a Dream On” by Louis Armstrong. Michael knew the words by heart.
“Thanks,” Arielle said half-heartedly as the men left the café. She glanced at Michael and let out a scoff of disgust. “They’re such pigs. They don’t even tip.”
“Hey,” Peter called out from his booth. “We don’t tip either.”
“And you boys know what you are.”
Eli let out a guffaw of laughter. “We’ll see how much the westerner leaves you. Maybe you’ll get a ration card.”
The other boys roared with laughter. Michael didn’t find it funny. He made a mental note to give Arielle a tip as soon as he got some money of his own.
“I think it’s great that you own this place,” he told her.
Arielle tipped her head a little as she studied him, then set down the plate and the cup and slid into the seat across from him, where Charlotte had sat earlier.
“It’s nice, isn’t it?” she said with a light shrug. “It’s not easy, though. The Overseer won’t let me set my own prices. He says it’s for the good of the community. There are a bunch of other rules I have to follow and taxes I have to pay, but I don’t mind so much.”
Michael nodded in understanding. Harris Kole’s speeches back in the People’s Republic had been full of the same reasons. Everything had to be done for the good of the masses so everyone could suffer while the Kole family prospered. It was a load of shit. 
“What’s wrong?” Arielle said, catching him off guard.
“What do you mean?”
“Your mind”—she winced as if at a sudden ache—“it’s heavy.”
Michael frowned at her. Strange as it was, he understood what she meant.
“My brother and my parents died,” he said. “They were killed by men who worked for the FSD. That’s the Fatherland Security Department back in—in…”
He lost the ability to speak. He was thinking about the blood all over his brother’s face, and how the men, Welcher and Boyd, had looked after Michael had told them to… 
(Open your throat with the bottle, he had told Boyd, and the man had spilled so much blood.)
“Oh God,” Arielle said, horrified. Her eyes were a pale shade of blue.
“Can you read my mind?” Michael said.
“Oh, no no no,” she said, shaking her head. A slender hand rose to cover her mouth. She seemed to drift off into thought for a moment before suddenly fixing her gaze on him. “I’m an empath,” she said. “I can help with that, you know.”
“Help with what?”
She tilted her head to the side a little and gave him a sympathetic look.
“Your sadness.” 
Chapter 5

Michael walked back to the house by himself, feeling unusually light and carefree. He had seemingly the whole day ahead of him with no idea how to spend it. A wonderful feeling.
Having received no other instructions from Dominic or Louis Blake, he settled into his cot for an afternoon nap. He awoke twenty minutes later with a sick feeling in his stomach. The rest of the day was spent in the bathroom, voiding his bowels of that heavy, greasy bacon. He should have known better than to eat it so fast.

Instructions finally arrived. 
Peter came up to the attic that night while Michael was reading an old science fiction novel about a trip to Mars. There was no electricity in Gulch at this hour, but he was already used to that from back home. He liked reading by candlelight.
“What’s up?” Michael said.
Peter looked bored. “You’re supposed to come with me to Blake’s office.”
They walked all the way there, Peter obviously uncomfortable with the idea of riding double on the motorcycle. Michael could tell by the way he’d glanced longingly at the bike on their way out of the garage.
Insects chirped in the night. The humid air coated Michael’s face, smelling like tree bark and wet stone. He and Peter didn’t talk at all during the first half of the trip—then, for whatever reason, Peter began rattling off advice about living in Gulch.
“…Another thing you have to remember is to stay away from those guys you saw at the café. They’re local thugs. They work for Meacham as security and who knows what else. They hate our kind.”
“What do you mean, our kind?”
Peter threw a furtive look at Michael. “Telepaths.”
Their shoes shuffled against loose bits of stone. The town was dark and quiet, the buildings like massive walls with nothing on the other side.
Michael couldn’t stand the silence.
“How many telepaths are there in Gulch, anyway?”
Peter looked down at his hands and counted using his fingers. “About twenty. Most of them are Type IIIs. Me, Eli, Ian, Arielle, Charlotte, and Blake are the only Type IIs. Oh yeah, and Dominic.”
“What’s the difference?”
“Glad you asked.” Peter said, his shoulders puffing up a little. “Let’s see.” He bent down and picked up a small stone. “Type IIIs, the weakest, are also called ‘sensors.’ Their ability is limited to sensing lies, emotional shifts, stuff like that. If this rock were a Type III telepath, its power would be about this strong.”
He dropped the stone. It bounced a few times before settling on the pavement. He picked it up again. At this point they had stopped walking.
“Type IIs are sometimes called ‘senders.’ They can do pretty much everything a Type III can do—sensing, hypnosis, stuff like that—except they can also send thoughts, images, and sometimes illusions into another person’s mind. Or, if they’re an empath like Arielle, they can manipulate a person’s emotional state. Dominic can mess with your perception of time, which is how he pulls off his agility trick. That takes years of practice.”
He showed Michael the stone. “Type II telepathy looks like this.” He lashed his arm outward and sent it skipping up the street.
With a gathering sense of excitement, Michael followed Peter to the stone and watched him pick it up.
“Type I’s,” Peter said, tossing up the stone and catching it, “are called ‘Ascendants,’ or ‘mental dominants.’ They can take over a person’s mind, make him do things he otherwise wouldn’t do.”
“Huh,” Michael said, recalling Boyd’s horrified expression as he had sliced open his own throat in the basement of Lanza’s.
Peter continued. “If this rock were a Type I telepath—”
Michael could only react in stunned silence as Peter whipped the rock at the nearest window, shattering it.

They reached an intersection with five roads branching away from a small community park. Michael only saw it by dim moonlight, but he could tell it was a beautiful spot full of greenery. A granite fountain sat in the center, surrounded by stone walkways. Around the park, the buildings were all abandoned. Most had holes where windows and doors should have been, probably because the wood and glass had been scavenged.
Trash had piled up in the gutters along the streets. The outer walls of the buildings were stained and pitted. The rusted shells of old cars sat motionless in the dark, stripped of their wheels and doors. 
“This is the Hollows,” Peter said. “No one lives here, though people talk about restoring it. But who has the money for that?”
They came to an abandoned movie theater called The Matinee. As Michael studied the building’s garish face, with the unlit display shelf jutting over the entrance and the ticket booths covered in faded red paint, he sensed the shadow of a distant past where late-night traffic hummed in the street, and well-dressed couples came arm-in-arm to watch the double feature.
The thought died as a rat scurried across the sidewalk and entered a hole in the building’s front.
“You’ll get used to them,” Peter said. “They’re everywhere. Eli thinks we should open up a restaurant and make hamburgers out of them. Put the Cold War Café out of business.”
“I’ve eaten rat before,” Michael said.
“Really?”
“Yup. Lots of protein.”
Peter grimaced. “I think Eli was just kidding.”
They went around to a side door in an alley. Peter yanked it open to reveal a flight of wooden stairs leading up. 
“You ready?”
At the top of the stairs, a dusty, low-wattage bulb hung from the ceiling by a cord, its light barely reaching them.
“No way,” Michael said and backed up. “I’m not going up some shady set of stairs in an abandoned building just because you said I should.”
“Quit being paranoid. Blake’s office is up there.”
“Oh yeah? If Blake’s such a big shot, why is his office out here in the Hollows? Explain that.”
Peter rolled his eyes. “I told him this was a bad idea.”
“How do I know there aren’t a bunch of guys up there just waiting to jump me? Huh?” He spoke in a harsh whisper. “Where are Eli and Ian? You sure they’re not up there waiting for me? I can see Eli cracking up right now.”
Michael was taking short, shallow breaths. He tried to relax, but this place just felt so foreign to him, with its lack of street prostitutes and drug dealers and patrolling FSD vans. It was just so quiet out here. Anything could happen and no one would ever know about it.
Peter smirked at him, and the smirk eventually became laughter that made him shake. “Look at you, all scared.” In between bursts of laughter, he said, “Damn, I wish the others could see this…Oh man, this is too much.”
Michael crossed his arms and waited.
Peter wiped his eyes and sighed. “Gulch is the most boring place this side of the mountains. You’d be lucky to get your ass kicked. At least then you’d have a story to tell.”
“I’ve got lots of stories,” Michael said without amusement.
“Really? That’s great. Now get up those stairs or I’ll kick your ass.”
Shaking his head, Michael made his way up slowly. Peter was probably right; this place did seem pretty boring. 
Upstairs, something was burning; he could smell it: a pile of tobacco leaves, it seemed like. His parents had never been smokers, and the only smoking Michael had ever done in his youth was to impress a gang of kids that lived in his neighborhood. But this was something else. The entire hallway stank of cigarette smoke. 
Michael held back, and Peter, with a frown, took the lead once more and knocked three times on a worn wooden door.
“Who is it?” a rough voice said, followed by a rattling cough.
“It’s Pete. I brought Mike.”
His words were followed by the wet sound of a smoker’s throat being cleared inside the room.
“Bring him in.”
Peter turned and winked at Michael, then made for the stairs. 
“Wait, um, Pete?”
“Yeah, what is it?” Peter said, obviously a little annoyed at having been stopped.
“Those girls, Arielle and Charlotte—well, I don’t want to cause any problems, if you know what I mean.”
“Arielle’s my girlfriend,” Peter said. “In case no one’s told you yet.”
“Oh, right. Got it.”
“Charlotte’s all yours, though.” Peter began to walk down the stairs backward, something he made look easy. “You can take her if you want, but beware”—he cranked his eyes open as wide as they would go, like someone telling a ghost story; he even lifted his hands and wiggled his fingers—“she has secrets.”
He hopped backward, twisted in mid-air, and landed halfway down the stairs. Michael shook his head.
“Show off,” he said as soon as Peter had left.
Clearing his throat, he pushed open the door to find Louis Blake sitting behind a broad desk on which there was nothing but a pack of cigarettes with a matchbook resting neatly on top. 
The smoke made his eyes water. Michael entered, coughed once, and looked around to inspect an office much smaller than he had imagined. The office was unfurnished aside from an old leather couch the color of dried rose petals and a few bookshelves.
Blake indicated with a tilt of his cigarette that Michael should sit on one of the two wooden chairs facing the desk. Michael went ahead and sat, making sure to keep his eyes on Blake’s the whole time. He still didn’t trust the old man. Maybe it was all those years of seeing his face on “Most-Wanted Terrorist” posters that made him so hesitant.
“I would offer you a drink or a snack,” Blake said, “but as you can see”—he lifted his hands and looked around—“this place isn’t outfitted for guests.”
“It’s all right.”
Blake tapped his finger against the pack of cigarettes a few times, pensively, like he didn’t know what to say next. “I hope Dominic made it clear that we’re not kidnappers. He was supposed to give you a choice in the matter of coming here.”
“He did.”
“Good. Do you know what happened to you in the basement of your parents’ restaurant?”
Michael shrugged. “Dominic said I had an episode.”
“A rage attack would be a better term. They only happen with Type I’s. Except that in ninety-nine percent of all cases, the first attack usually kills you. You’ve had two in your life, the first when you were only three years old.” A cloud of cigarette smoke obscured his silvery eyes for a moment. “And yet you’re still here.”
“Why?”
“Didn’t your foster father tell you? Your mother was a Type I. The only one ever born naturally. But she died before we even knew what she was. That’s why Kole needs to get you back—to perfect the genetic map that explains how you’re capable of doing what you do.”
“So he can do what?” Michael said. “Reproduce it?”
“Exactly.” Blake put a cigarette to his lips and lit it. “Imagine soldiers that can do what you did that night in your parents’ basement. Imagine how devastating that kind of power could be if you could use it at will.”
Michael shifted uncomfortably in his seat. “Could I use it at will? This ‘death whisper’?”
One of Blake’s eyes flinched a little. He sat back and exhaled a plume of smoke.
“Where did you learn that term, ‘death whisper’?”
Michael shrugged. “I think I heard it once, a long time ago.”
“Hmm.” Blake looked down at his desk, deep in thought.
“You could teach it to me, how to control it and use it safely, right?”
“No, I couldn’t. And besides, would you really want that kind of power?”
“I could use it to get back at the men who killed my mother.”
“Maybe.”
Michael leaned forward. He’d been wondering about this since yesterday. Could he learn to kill a man without needing a physical weapon? There were certain men in this world who deserved to die, like Welcher and Boyd and his uncle Sal, and Harris Kole.
“Teach it to me.”
“No,” Blake said.
His tone indicated there was no way he’d reconsider.
“Why not?”
“I said ‘no,’ Michael, and you’re not going to change my mind. I promised your mother I’d protect you, teach you how to defend yourself. That’s why you’re here.”
“But I could protect myself—”
“Not a chance. No man should have that kind of power, especially not a boy as young as you.”
Michael sat back, fighting the urge to plead further. “So this isn’t about protecting me, but about making sure Kole doesn’t build an army of Type I’s.”
“It’s to protect you from yourself. That kind of power would turn you into a killer. Is that what you want your life to be?”
Michael looked away, silently reflecting on what Blake had just said. Of course he didn’t want to kill anyone, not unless he had to.
And yet the feeling of power he’d experienced that night—he’d never known such a thing. Such hunger and pleasure...
“Why did I cry blood?”
Blake stubbed out his cigarette. “It’s a sign of how close you came to killing yourself.”
“So I almost died that night, in the basement.”
Blake nodded, keeping his eyes on Michael’s. “You most certainly would have died without Dominic’s help.”
“But we don’t know that for sure.”
Blake shrugged. “Do you really want to find out?”
He went about lighting another cigarette. Michael got the distinct feeling the man was trying to smoke himself to death.
“Who exactly are you?” Michael said.
“I’m nobody anymore. But I used to be a major in the People’s Republic military. Harris Kole and I were friends until he got promoted to general, after which he began to see me as the competition. What happened between us is a long story. Maybe I’ll tell you someday, but for now all you need to know is I started leaking information to a group of revolutionaries located in the Eastlands. I turned traitor.”
“Because Kole wouldn’t promote you,” Michael said.
Blake shook his head, his face foggy behind a curtain of smoke. “Because I loved your mother. I wanted to run away with her.
“Didn’t work out that way, though. I got caught and managed to escape before they could execute me. I came to the Eastlands and tried to join the Liberators, but they wouldn’t have me, even though I had provided them with years’ worth of classified information—documents and codes that saved hundreds of lives…” His voice trailed off in disappointment. “Very few people in this world trust our kind, Mike. We’ve only been around for about seventy years. I was one of the first.”
“The Children of the Atom,” Michael said.
Blake nodded. “No one understands where telepathy came from, but the entire world is trying to find ways to harness it. Some of us discovered how to turn it into a weapon, and that weapon is you. The night your brother died, you had a telepathic episode that resulted in the deaths of almost a hundred people in your neighborhood. I tell you that not to make you feel guilty, but because I want you to understand the extent, and the destructiveness, of your ability.”
Michael sat motionless. When he spoke, his voice lacked any sort of emotion, and yet he felt like curling into a ball. 
“Can you teach me how to control it? So it never happens again?”
“I can try. But you have to promise me two things.”
“I’m listening.”
Blake stubbed out the cigarette. “One, don’t ever ask me to teach you the death whisper. It’s not going to happen. And two, don’t make me regret bringing you here.”
Chapter 6

Morning came with a wash of sunlight through the window that filled the entire room.
Hearing movement downstairs, Michael flung himself out of bed and got dressed. He took the stairs lightly so as not to startle whoever was down there.
The aroma of meat and a delicious sizzling sound drew him forward. He rounded the corner to see Peter in the kitchen making steaks.
“Pete,” he said. “Uh, good morning.”
Peter didn’t look at him, instead focusing on the meat. “I’m making breakfast. Usually it’s me on Tuesdays, Eli on Wednesdays, and Ian on Thursdays. Then we restart the cycle. You can take over for Ian since he can’t cook worth a shit.”
“Where do you get the food?” Michael said, studying the stove to see what kind it was. Gas, just as he had thought. Very nice. A half-dozen uncracked eggs sat in a bowl.
“From the farms,” Peter said, sounding annoyed. “How about cracking those eggs? I’m making omelets.”
“Sure.” 
Michael cracked the eggs one by one with the ease one acquires after years of working in a restaurant. He still remembered perfectly how to do a whole dozen in thirty seconds. Peter stabbed the steak he was obviously trying not to burn. He lifted it with a fork to inspect it and let it fall back into the pan. 
“And that’s how you do it,” he said.
“What, burn it?” Michael said, not trying to be cocky though it had come out sounding that way.
“Smartass,” Peter said. When he saw how quickly Michael had opened the eggs, he whistled. “You’re good at that.”
Michael shrugged. “My parents owned a restaurant. By the way, you’re going to ruin that steak. Here, watch this.” He poked the steak with his finger, then lifted it and checked the underside. “You’ve seared it already, which means it doesn’t need to be on any longer. The meat’ll turn dry. You have any butter?”
“Uh huh,” Peter went to the icebox—no refrigerator here, Michael noticed—and brought out a pair of cubes wrapped in aluminum foil.
“That’s it?” Michael said.
“Hey, this ain’t your parents’ restaurant. We got limited supplies in Gulch.”
“No problem, I’ll just use a little. My father taught me how to cook steak once. It was a special occasion. The regime only gave out meat on Harris Kole’s birthday, but they stopped doing that years ago.”
He used the butter, along with a few sprigs of thyme and rosemary sitting on the windowsill above the sink, to give each steak a nice golden crust. Peter watched, hands on his hips, one reaching up now and then to scratch the underside of his chin.
“That smells delicious,” Eli said, barging into the room.
He was wearing only a towel and was still damp from his shower. His pale belly hung over the front edge, the skin transparent enough to show blue veins underneath. The lack of hair on his chest made him look like a giant, muscular baby.
“Teaching Pete how to cook?” Eli said, grinning. “About damned time someone did.”
Eli pushed Michael aside, bent over the plate, and took a deep whiff. “Are those herbs? Holy crap, it’s good to be alive.”
Ian entered the room silently. When Michael saw him, his shoulders tightened a little. The guy had a certain dark quality that he carried around with him, like a black cloud over his head that you could only see from the corner of your eye. He wore a black tank top that showed a layer of ropy muscle over his arms and low-quality tattoos he’d probably done himself. The designs were crude and hateful.
Michael remembered something Peter had told him the night before, during their walk to Blake’s office.
He’s the Overseer’s son, so don’t mess with him.
“What’s up,” Ian said. It was almost a grunt. He didn’t look at Michael as he came over, picked up a steak with two fingers, and chomped down on it before walking away.
“What do you think?” Eli asked Peter, indicating Michael. “New kitchen bitch?”
Peter glanced at the steaming plate of steaks. He nodded and smacked Michael on the back.
“Sounds good to me. You hear that, city rat? You’re the new kitchen bitch.”
They made their way to the dining room with the steaks, leaving Michael to stand with a fork in one hand and the frying pan in the other, his brow furrowed in confusion.
“Bring those omelets out when they’re ready,” Peter called out. “And don’t let me catch you spitting on ’em.”
“Kitchen bitch,” Eli sang in his bellowing voice.
Michael sighed and buttered the pan.
“Figures,” he said.
Chapter 7

Louis Blake had given Michael instructions to show up at the town hall an hour after breakfast. As always, he offered no explanation. Michael would have to get used to the man’s standoffish nature.
He found Blake with Dominic and a black man wearing thick, rectangular glasses who looked to be in his seventies. Whoever this third man was, he didn’t look happy to see Michael. 
“This won’t end well,” the man told Blake before glancing at Michael and saying, “Good morning to you.” He shuffled toward the entrance. A cool breeze entered as the door opened and was cut off immediately as the door shut with a bang.
“What was that all about?” Michael said.
“Don’t worry about him,” Blake said as Dominic slumped in a wooden chair. “Hey”—he snapped his fingers at Dominic—“look lively. You’re taking him on the grand tour.”
Dominic pushed himself off the chair with a groan.
“Come on,” he said, waving Michael along.
The first thing Dominic did was take Michael to a large gray building with fully-clothed mannequins in the windows. Dominic was silent during the walk, which added to Michael’s discomfort. He was sure the man didn’t like him at all. 
“Have you ever gone shopping?” Dominic said as they came to a stop outside the building. “And I don’t mean for restaurant supplies.”
Michael tried to remember. “No, never. My clothes always came from my brother. The only clothing stores in my sector were state-run. You had to use coupons to buy anything there, and we never had any.”
Dominic scoffed in disapproval.
The store was called Sinatra’s. Michael recognized the name, and then he knew why: Frank Sinatra’s music was popular on the Eastland stations he’d had access to on his homemade radios. 
The bell jingled above the door as they entered.
“IIIII’m dreeeeeeaaamin’ of a whiiiiiite Christmaaaaas…” the man’s voice sang from hidden speakers. Michael knew enough about the holiday to know this wasn’t the right time of year for it. 
The store contained racks of men’s clothing that struck him as distinctly old-fashioned. There were V-neck sweaters made of cotton and wool, collared shirts, slacks, black and blue suits, and a wall displaying shiny leather shoes of many colors, including beige and sky blue.
“This place is a museum,” Michael said.
Dominic fingered one of the suits. “It’s about as classy as you’ll find out here.”
“Wait a second.” Michael turned to him. “Am I really going to wear this stuff?”
Footsteps rose in the back.
Someone was walking through the aisles toward them, taking slow, measured steps. Michael pictured a man in a three-piece suit holding a pistol, like one of those old-fashioned gangsters from before the war. He braced himself in case of danger. 
“I want you to meet someone,” Dominic said. “He’ll help you improve your wardrobe. Your personality, on the other hand—that’s up to you.”
Michael frowned at the comment.
The man who emerged was very much what Michael would have expected the owner of this store to look like: a little shorter than average, solidly built without being muscular, with a square jaw and a full head of sandy blond hair that had been neatly combed to one side. Dressed in a pair of beige slacks, a collared shirt, and a light blue V-neck sweater, the man looked the part of the doting husband in one of those old prewar TV shows about life in the suburbs.
“By the gods,” the man said when he saw Dominic, and his mouth opened in a look of comical amazement.
What happened next caught Michael off guard, mainly because of how different these two men appeared to be from each other. Dominic was tall and rangy with greasy hair tied back in a loose ponytail. He wore a thin black jacket that made him look like a criminal, jeans torn at the kneecaps, and black boots—military style—that were dusty from walking outside. He could have been the rebellious teenage son of this other man.
Which was why Michael found it so strange when the owner of Sinatra’s took hold of Dominic’s head and planted a kiss on his lips.
“Hands off, damn it,” Dominic said, pulling back and wiping his mouth.
“I’m sorry,” the man said. “It’s just that—Dominic, I don’t believe it. You’re back. I feel like crying, or—or jumping up and down.”
“Christ. Why can’t you just man up?” Dominic said and sighed. “I brought someone you should meet. Mike, this is Reggie Smith.”
When he saw Michael, Reggie’s handsome face went tight, the smile disappearing completely.
“Isn’t he a little young for you?” Reggie said, crossing his arms.
“Oh, um”—Michael put up his hands and wagged them—“no, it’s not what you think—”
“Shut up, Mike,” Dominic said, and then he smirked at Reggie. “You look good. Been taking care of yourself, I see.”
“I’m a vegetarian now,” Reggie said, patting his flat belly. “Lost about twenty pounds since you last saw me.” He looked at Michael. “Can I get you something to wear, young man?”

Michael looked at himself in the mirror.
He was wearing a bright blue, short-sleeved shirt with a collar—a “boat-boy” shirt, Reggie called it. For pants, he wore a pair of brown slacks that looked clean and new. His shoes were brown leather, polished to a high sheen.
“You’ve got to be kidding,” Michael said.
“I think he looks handsome,” Reggie told Dominic, who rolled his eyes.
The next outfit they chose for him was more appropriate to the Eastlands: a long-sleeved, beige shirt with no collar but three buttons below the neck that could be undone when it got hot. As for pants, they allowed Michael to choose what he wanted. He went with good old-fashioned jeans and a pair of rugged boots made for hiking. It wasn’t his usual style—he almost felt like a forest ranger, mostly because of the boots—but he looked good, and Reggie agreed. 
“Are we done?” Michael said, giving Dominic a look of utter boredom. “It’s almost lunchtime, right?”
Dominic looked at his watch. “Not even close. It’s only ten-forty.”
“Damn,” Michael said, clutching his stomach.
“Forget about food,” Reggie said. A sly smile crossed his face that made Michael uneasy. “That’s not why you were brought here.”
Michael tensed a little. There was something about Reggie and Dominic that struck him as odd. Why exactly had Dominic brought him here? And why had Reggie kissed Dominic like he thought the other man would accept such a thing? 
Reggie put a hand on Michael’s shoulder, making him jump a little.
“You like guns, kid?”
Michael shrugged and waited to see what would happen next. Reggie led him across the room and into a dark storage area full of boxes piled shoulder high. They proceeded toward a door in the far back on which a sign read: “Caution Electric Shock Without Proper ID.” 
It was a hidden door that customers weren’t supposed to find. Its gleaming surface looked heavy, apparently made of steel. But what was a steel door doing in the back of a clothing store?
“Here we go, boys,” Reggie said.
He pulled a glossy ID card out of his back pocket and held it against a small panel. A green light blinked three times, and Michael heard a bolt retract with a snap. Reggie turned the handle and opened it into a room that flickered into view as fluorescent strip lighting came on overhead.
There were guns everywhere, of all different makes and models. They rested on tables in the center of the room and racks lining the walls. A gun-cleaning station took up one corner. It was a desk covered in rags and bottles of cleaning solution, with rods and brushes of all different lengths standing in an aluminum canister.
“I’ll be damned,” Michael said, taking it all in. Each gun had been polished and lay gleaming under the lights as if fresh from the manufacturer. The room smelled of oil and concrete, exactly how Michael thought a gun locker should smell. “Why are you showing me this?”
Reggie turned on his heels with a gravelly scrape to face Michael.
“Boys here learn at a young age how to use rifles to hunt game and defend the town. So will you.” 
“What about the pistols?” Michael said, raising his eyebrows. “What are those for?”
Reggie chuckled. “Those don’t exist. You never saw those, understand?”
Dominic clamped a hand on Michael’s shoulder and squeezed, harder than necessary.
“Yeah,” Michael said, wincing. “I got it.”

Dominic paid Reggie’s deeply discounted prices for the clothes, since Michael had no money of his own just yet. He made sure to tell Michael exactly how much he owed, down to the cent. His time in Gulch would be no easy ride, Dominic informed him, to which Michael grumbled, “Yeah, yeah.”
They stepped out into the gathering warmth of late morning. Michael had to squint against the sunlight bathing the mountains. When he became aware of the men standing in the road, he dropped the shopping bag containing his clothes.
The men chuckled at his reaction. Michael recognized them as the ones he’d seen in the Cold War Café the day before. One of the men had thinning hair, angular cheekbones, and looked emaciated. He flashed a cruel, lopsided grin at Michael like he meant it to be a challenge.
The apparent leader stepped forward, dressed in a plaid, long-sleeved shirt tucked into his jeans. The fading on his clothes and boots indicated years of reusing the same outfits, and his creased red face spoke of long days out in the sun.
“You girls have fun shopping?” he said in a voice thick with contempt. If he was amused, he wasn’t showing it.
Michael glanced at Dominic for help. Dominic stepped forward.
“Warren Jones. Glad to see me?”
Warren’s face was like a board of wood. Only his eyelids moved, and that was to narrow ever so slightly in disgust.
“You wish, you queer. What’s this”—his eyes flicked over to Michael—“your new boyfriend?”
Michael let out a quiet sigh. He was sick of all the insults. This place was started to remind him of home, where all the guys on his block had something to prove.
“You’re not getting a rise out of me today, boys,” Dominic said, approaching the group. The men visibly stiffened. “I’m on this new program, you see—ignorant rednecks like you can say whatever they want, and I don’t react. Want me to prove it?”
Warren’s nostrils flared. Not much else about his face changed, though it was clear he was holding in a tremendous amount of rage.
“Bulldangles,” he said, and Michael almost snickered in disbelief. Was this guy serious? “You should’ve stayed in New Sancta with all the other motherless commies and queers.”
“Unlike you,” Dominic said, “I knew my mother.”
“I knew your mother, too. I knew her standing up, lying down, and bent over the hood of my truck.”
His buddies chuckled. Dominic remained calm. 
“Come on,” he said, walking toward Warren until they were only two feet apart. The other men braced themselves. “You can do better than that. You mean to tell me it’s been five years and you’re still using the same jokes.”
Warren’s upper lip rose, revealing yellow-brown teeth. “This is a waste of my time. I come here to tell you I’ll be watching you and your new friend. Any illegal ment training, and I’ll sniff it right out.”
“Go back to Meacham,” Dominic said. “I think his ass needs sniffing.”
Warren swung his fist at Dominic’s face. Dominic didn’t move. He didn’t even blink as the fist stopped an inch before his eyes.
Warren turned back to his friends.
“Come on,” he said. “Let’s give these girls some privacy so they can change into their pretty new outfits.”
They swaggered on down the street, glancing over their shoulders now and then at Michael and Dominic. It wasn’t until they rounded the corner that Dominic began to speak. 
“Come on,” he said. “It’s almost lunchtime.”
Michael stood in place.
“When do I start training?” he said, not looking at Dominic but down the road where the men had been a moment earlier.
(Open your throat, he had told Boyd, and Boyd had done it…)
“Take it easy, Mike.”
“When?”
“I’ll see what I can do. Now move your ass.”
Chapter 8

The drops sparkled in the sunlight as Arielle sprayed the boys with the hose.
She laughed as William and Aidan danced around the yard, their bare chests agleam with water. She jabbed her thumb into the tip to send the water knifing out. The boys screamed and lifted their arms into the air as if in celebration. William tried to jump as high as Aidan but couldn’t. His clubfoot, turned inward as though someone had folded it against his ankle, kept him mostly in place.
“Come on, jump, cripple,” Aidan said.
“Hey,” Arielle shouted. “What did you just say to him?”
Aidan, with his perfect feet and hands and his girlish mop of curls, stopped and smiled sweetly up at Arielle.
“Nothing, Ms. Casmas. We’re just boys being boys.”
“Friends don’t call each other names like that.” She pointed the hose at his face. “Understand?”
“But he’s not my friend. We’re just—”
A burst of water nailed him squarely in the eyes.
“Acckk!” Sputtering, Aidan tripped over his own feet and fell back against the grass. 
William burst into laughter. “Now he knows what it feels like.” 
“All right, boys,” Arielle said, walking over to the nozzle and cutting off the flow. “Let’s get ready for lunch.” 
Some of the remaining water splashed against her bare feet. It was so cold, she didn’t know how the boys could bear to bathe in it. And yet part of her wanted to strip down and dance in it as they had done.
With a wistful sigh, she slipped her sandals back on. The boys had already pulled on their clothes and scurried off, William limping after Aidan as usual. 
Behind her, a man let out a forceful grunt. Arielle spun to see Elkin Twomore standing before her, his angular cheekbones and skinny neck giving him the look of a starving bum. His hair was a thin, stringy mess, matted down with sweat.
He stretched out his arms. “How ’bout a bath for old Elkin?”
He certainly needed one.
“Leave, Elkin. It’s not even lunchtime, yet.”
“Aw, come on, honey. Gimme a cold shower. Pweeease? I can be a six-year-old boy, too, if you want.”
Arielle threw down the hose and made for the back door of the café. Elkin moved to block her path. Up close, she could smell his lingering morning breath.
“You know, Arielle, I always thought you’d make a great mother. Too bad you don’t open your legs for nobody. I’d love me a taste of that—”
“The only thing you’re getting a taste of is an empty stomach,” she said. “Don’t even think you’re walking into my café talking like that.”
“Your café?” he said, taking a step toward her. “Only a matter of time before your little café becomes Meacham’s property. For the good of Gulch.”
Arielle remained silent.
“Say it,” he said. “I gots to make sure you’re being a good girl.”
She reached for the door handle. Elkin grabbed her arm.
“You have to say it,” he said, pouring his nasty breath all over her face.
“For the good of Gulch. Now let go of me.”
Once she was free, Arielle opened the back door and stepped into the cool, still air of the Cold War Café’s storage room. She immediately locked the door behind her and breathed a sigh of relief.
“Spiteful jerk,” she said, kicking aside a box.

As soon as the boys were out of Arielle’s sight, any illusions of friendship or summer fun fell away, and Aidan once more became the bully William knew and loathed.
“Dumb little cripple,” he said, glaring at William. His eyes were still red from the splash Arielle had given him. Moving with surprising quickness, he lashed out his right arm and grabbed hold of William’s ear. William squealed and struggled as Aidan, who was much stronger and didn’t have a lump for a foot, twisted.
It was a common punishment. William didn’t like to be touched and everyone knew it. But that didn’t stop Aidan and some of the other boys from torturing him at every opportunity. They were just waiting for William to give in and tell his mother, a woman much feared by the boys of Gulch; Charlotte didn’t shy away from slapping and spanking other peoples’ children, and often her spankings were worse than any their own mothers might give. If only William would rat them out, then they’d have a real reason to hate him. Even he, at six years old, understood the twisted psychology behind their bullying.
But William was no rat. He would endure the painful noogies, wedgies, and squashies (the last of which involved Aidan squashing you-know-what) until he was older and stronger, and then he would fight back, and they would be sorry.
Aidan pushed him down to the pavement.
“Squashie time,” he said, and jabbed his heel between William’s legs. 
William clenched his thighs together in agony. The inside of his swim trunks was scratchy and uncomfortable, and the rash he would most certainly develop later in the day was already prickling his skin.
He grit his teeth to keep from screaming. This wouldn’t be like the first time, when Aidan and his friends had done this to him; when he had wailed like a little baby, hoping they would spare him out of pity for his “devil’s foot,” as his mother liked to call it when she was angry.
He kicked Aidan in the shin with his good foot and managed to break free. As William crawled away on his hands and knees, Aidan landed a kick squarely against his backside, sending him sprawling across the sidewalk. His chin scraped the pavement, drawing blood with a feeling like a cold kiss.
William lay curled up, waiting for more abuse. But instead of stomping on him like he usually did, Aidan backed away, eyes pointed straight ahead at a tall, solemn figure approaching along the shady sidewalk. He turned and ran without a moment’s hesitation.
“You okay?”
It was the man William had seen outside the house, the one who had walked with his mother down the street. He stood over William, tall and skinny with straight black hair that rippled across his forehead as the wind blew it this way and that. His face was narrow and serious, and he had thin, dark eyes that were drawn into a squint.
He helped William to his feet and brushed dirt off his shirt.
“My name’s Michael. You’re William, right?”
William looked around to see if his mother was watching. The street was empty.
“Uh huh.”
Michael gave a little smile. “You’re pretty strong, you know that?”
“What do you mean?” William said, squinting up at him.
“You didn’t cry or say anything to that kid. He’s bigger than you, but up here”—he tapped his own forehead—“you’re much stronger. What’s his name?”
“Aidan.”
“Well, if I did that to Aidan, I’m sure he would cry like a little girl. But you took it like a man.”
William’s face warmed. It was true, he had cried like a little girl once, but after that, he never did it again. And he never would, either.
“Come on,” Michael said. “Let’s get some lunch in our bellies.”
William lifted his right hand, and then, realizing how childish he must seem, he lowered it. Michael gave him a warm smile—it was William’s lucky day, apparently—and took his hand before leading him toward the café.

Soon it was time for Michael’s empathic healing session with Arielle. 
Feeling like a gentleman for having helped William earlier, he decided to meet Arielle at her house and offer to walk with her into town.
He knocked on the screen door, stared past the wide-open inner door into a shady hallway with a light coming from a window at the other end. Charlotte filled the frame, having emerged from a side room like a pale body surfacing in dark water. She was naked except for a huge white towel wrapped around her midsection, falling only a few inches below her hips, leaving her thighs visible. Her hair was down and hung in heavy brown tresses over her breasts, which were tucked neatly inside the towel. He tried not to stare.
“Is Arielle home?”
Charlotte held his gaze as she fixed her hair up into a loose bun, using hard, jerking movements that made her body shiver in a way he couldn’t ignore. This had to be some sort of a test, and if he looked at her breasts or legs, he would fail. He could smell the freshness of her recent shower.
“Okay if I ask what this is about?” Charlotte said as she arrived at the screen door.
Before he could answer, Charlotte’s eyes snapped open as someone shoved her gently aside. Arielle appeared, fully dressed in a T-shirt, jeans, and white sandals. She was still brushing her hair. 
“Hi, Michael.”
“Hey, Arielle.” Michael shoved his hands into his pockets and smiled at her. 
Charlotte gave them both a look of contempt. She took a step back and adjusted her towel, then turned and walked back down the hall. Just before she turned the corner, Michael caught a glimpse as she whipped off the towel, leaving little more than a silhouette to reveal the fullness of her naked curves. Then she was gone, a door slamming shut after her. Michael could tell Arielle hadn’t noticed the towel slip off her sister’s hips at the last second.
“Don’t worry about her,” she said, tossing the hairbrush onto the floor. She opened the screen door all the way. “She’s been a little moody lately. What’s wrong?”
Michael stuttered for a bit before he found the right words. “I’m just getting used to this place.”
She nodded. “I totally understand. Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine. Anyway, I thought I’d walk you to work.”
“Okay, great!” She stepped outside, letting the screen door swing shut behind her.
Michael looked back over his shoulder as they crossed the yard. A curtain moved in one of the windows on the second floor as someone slipped out of sight.

Arielle made tea and brought out homemade crackers. They sat across from each other in a booth halfway between the kitchen door and front windows. Michael insisted on facing the front of the café so he would have a view of the main entrance.
“You’re paranoid,” she said.
He frowned. “I know.”
The only light in the café was the dim, reflected sunshine coming in through the windows, enough so they could see each other, but not enough to keep Michael from feeling that all of this was somehow inappropriate. His own reproachful voice rang in his head.
Relax. Don’t be so paranoid. She’ll think you have emotional problems.
Arielle looked as pretty as ever in the low light, with her hair down around her shoulders and her bright blue eyes blinking innocently at him. He felt there was something pure about her that was missing from Charlotte.
“Now,” she said, “you have to let me in, okay? Your mind isn’t going to allow it at first, but you have to overcome that part of you. I can’t walk through a closed door. Got it?”
“How do I open it?”
She mused over the answer. “Once I start, it’s going to feel like a finger is poking you in the forehead. Then it’s going to feel like hands are wrapped around your head and squeezing. But it’s not going to hurt, so don’t be afraid.”
“I’m not. I feel strangely comfortable around you.”
“Most people do.” She shrugged. “I have an easy demeanor. Lay your hands flat against the table, like this.”
She showed him. He laid his hands flat against the tabletop the way she had done. Arielle covered them with her own, warm fingers around his wrists. She winced a little.
“Cold,” she said. 
“You have no idea.”
“I’m about to, Michael Cairne.”
She closed her eyes and instructed him to do the same.

Lightning flashed, followed by the boom of thunder, as rain fell into the canyon.
It was a bad night to be alone. Dominic knew this. He lay beneath the covers, curled up and dreaming of his own fist pounding John Meacham’s face into a bloody pulp. His older brother Paul was in the dream, howling in agony, his neck gushing blood. The dream chilled Dominic to such an extent that he awoke with a sudden gasp. 
He hadn’t wanted to be alone tonight, which is why he had allowed Reggie to come in, dressed in a black raincoat, his hair still wet from the rain, a set of dry pajamas bundled in the crook of his arm. Reggie had smiled like a nervous boy, still unsure as to why Dominic had summoned him.
Now Reggie lay curled up next to him, snoring as softly as a child. His pajamas lay scattered across the floor.
“God damn it,” Dominic said, sitting up. 
Reggie came out of sleep with a murmur. “What’s wrong?”
Dominic sat on the edge of the bed, bent over his knees and massaging both temples. “I’m getting some interference.”
“Maybe it’s that kid. The new boy.”
“Yeah, maybe.”
Reggie put his hand on Dominic’s lower back. “Get back in bed.”
Dominic got up, visibly naked for a brief second as lightning flashed, illuminating the room. He went about picking Reggie’s pajamas off the floor.
“What are you doing?”
Dominic flung the pajamas onto the bed.
“Get the hell out,” he said.

Louis Blake lay awake in the bedroom of his shack, where he’d been sent to live after being kicked off the Council. The mansions were only for Meacham and his cronies, all of whom lived next to each other on Apple Orchard Road. The sprawling house Blake had once inhabited remained empty, and here he was in a leaking shack at the ass end of town, rejected and despised by the men he was forced to serve.
He didn’t mind so much anymore. His shack—it was really a dilapidated old bungalow with brown siding that made it look like a shack—was far enough away from Apple Orchard Road, and the rest of town, that sometimes, when he closed his eyes and smoked, he felt like he was alone in the world.
And he liked that feeling just fine.
He relocated to the rocking chair by the window, lit a cigarette, and pondered his situation as he looked out at the flashing heavens beyond the trees. He thought of Michael and how strongly the boy resembled his mother. He thought of Claudia and the way her body had once fit so perfectly within his arms, and how comfortably their minds had been able to communicate using the softest of telepathic voices.
Do you promise me, Louie?
I promise. I’ll find him and protect him, Claudia. I swear it.
Will you love him?
The answer evaded him then, as it did now.
He stood up, put the cigarette out on the windowsill, and darted over to the closet. He grabbed every pack of cigarettes inside—nine in total—walked over to the window, heaved it open with a forceful grunt, and threw them all out into the rain.
Thunder roared over the mountains. He closed the window, sat back in the chair, and sighed, an action that almost brought out a series of painful coughs. Almost.
“Lord, just give me a few more years to do this,” he said, though he was not a religious man.
Sometimes he wished he were.

On Apple Orchard Road, John Meacham was wide awake and sitting behind the broad, mahogany desk of his personal study. He sat with his back to the window, candles lit all around him, wearing a tank top that showed off his massive arms and thick, hairy neck. He was scowling at the two men sitting before him.
Warren and Elkin sat next to each other on separate wooden chairs. The chairs were uncomfortable and Elkin kept fidgeting, making the chair creak.
Warren shushed him without looking over.
“So that’s the plan,” Meacham said, spreading his large hands over the desk. “It’s fool-proof. You’d tell me if it wasn’t”—he leaned over his desk and eyed them both—“am I right?”
“You betcha,” Elkin said, smoothing back his ratty hair and glancing at Warren. “You tell him. Whatever he wants to do.”
“I told you to shutcher mouth,” Warren said, glowering at him.
“You told me to shut the chair from creaking—”
Warren got up suddenly, silencing Elkin. He paced back and forth before the desk. 
“Only thing I don’t get is why we gotta jump through all those hoops,” Warren said.
Meacham sat back in his chair, released a heavy sigh. “It’s Blake. You saw what happened the last time he stood against me. Almost split the town in half. I can’t have that happen again.”
“You think this time you’d get less than half?” Warren said.
Elkin had stopped fidgeting with his hair and was now scratching his Adam’s apple. He did that when he got anxious.
“Warren,” Elkin said, “take it easy, now.”
Warren smacked Elkin’s hand away from his neck.
“I told you to sheddap.”
“Boys,” John Meacham said, opening a desk drawer and reaching in. He pulled out a glass bottle of single-malt Scotch with the label still intact. It looked brand-new, not like the brown sludge in plastic cartons you got off the caravans.
Warren and Elkin stared at it, mouths frozen open.
“I’m sorry to say this”—Meacham pulled out three glass tumblers and sat them on the desk. He unscrewed the cap with a series of pleasant squeaks—“but I’ve been holding out on you two. There’s a lot more luxury in this town than people know. Enough for us men to live like kings. And I say men now, not those ment queers like Dominic and Blake. You hear what I’m saying?”
Warren and Elkin watched him pour the golden-brown liquid into the tumblers. It was like watching diamonds slip from his fingers.
“All I’m asking is that you stay out of the boy’s way for now, and be ready when I give you the word.”
He stood and handed Warren and Elkin each a drink. The men clinked their glasses together in the candlelight. A flash of lightning brightened the room, followed by a series of deep cracks, as if the sky itself were splitting open. 
“How long do we have to wait?” Warren said when it was quiet again. He sipped his whisky and grimaced.
“Not long,” Meacham said. “That boy Michael doesn’t know his ass from a hole in the ground. Getting rid of him will be easy.”

The rain falling into the mountains thickened. The slopes flashed a bright electric blue, and the ensuing thunder was like bombs going off in the night.
Across town, in the back yard of the boys’ house on Silo Street, Michael lifted his arms and tipped his head back so the rain could land on his face. He laughed at the surrounding mountains, because tonight they were so dead and meaningless, and he was so alive, with nothing but possibility ahead of him.
And it was all thanks to her.
Arielle Casmas.
He howled at the flashing sky like a madman.
Chapter 9

The next day was rainy and quiet.
“You’re late,” Blake said as Michael followed Dominic into the office above the Matinee. Reggie was sitting on the faded couch, one leg crossed over the other, an arm extended along the couch’s topmost edge. He looked away when Dominic walked in.
“It’s his fault.” Dominic tipped his head toward Michael.
They settled in, each taking a chair in front of Blake’s desk. Michael sensed a cloud of tension between Dominic and Reggie. He had no idea what it was about, and he didn’t want to know.
The night before, he’d fallen into a pleasant sleep and had woken up with Arielle’s parting words still in his ears.
Your past shouldn’t be as painful anymore.
Louis Blake picked a small, brown nut out of a bowl and popped it into his mouth. He chewed rapidly, almost too fast. And he kept rubbing his fingers against his palms and fidgeting.
Dominic leaned forward, a puzzled look on his face.
“Did you quit smoking again?”
Blake waved away the question and turned his attention to Michael.
“Let’s get to the point, Mike. You mind if I call you that?” Michael shrugged. “Good. There’s something you need to know about Gulch. We can’t be caught training you in telepathy. It goes against the town’s training equality laws. No person can receive training in a skill that is, by nature, exclusive to that particular person or to a minority. In other words—”
Frowning, Michael interrupted him. “Are you serious? Training equality?”
Dominic smacked his shoulder. “Don’t interrupt him, kid.”
Michael’s frown deepened.
“No one’s saying you can’t practice it,” Blake said, “but I can’t teach it to you. You’ll have to work just like everyone else, and keep your mouth shut about any telepathic training you might ‘unofficially’ be receiving. You catch my wind?”
“Catch my drift,” Michael said, shaking his head.
“I know that. Catch my drift. That’s what I meant. You try living in the mountains for twenty years and see how many meaningless catchphrases you remember.” Blake extended a hand to indicate Reggie. “So, I’ve worked out a schedule for you. Every day, for about two hours, you’ll meet with Reggie at the shooting range to practice marksmanship. It’s a necessary skill out here, so quit looking at me like that. Then, for an hour before lunch, either Dominic or I will guide you through some mental techniques meant to help you keep calm in tense situations. Of course, you can’t tell anyone about this, not even Peter and the other boys.”
Michael tried not to whine. “An hour? That’s all I get?” 
Blake picked up another nut and flicked it into his mouth. Chewing loudly, he tapped his fingers on the desk and looked around, obviously desperate for a cigarette. 
Reggie got up and walked across the room to the window. The sky’s gray light brightened his face and illuminated the fine threads of his sweater.
“Mike, I understand you’re new here. You probably grew up thinking the East was some sort of fantasy land where every man was free to do as he pleased. Am I right?”
Michael shrugged, still frowning. Reggie sat on the windowsill and crossed his arms. Despite his fine clothing, he looked tough, like a seasoned veteran of these mountains.
“The freedom part might be true in some of the more desolate areas, but Gulch is a civilized town. We don’t rely on slaves or the drug trade to make our money. We do things the hard way, and people understand that if they want to be safe, they might have to give up certain rights.”
“Of course,” Michael said, looking down at his hands. “I’ve been hearing Harris Kole say that on the radio all my life.”
Dominic nudged him. “Here, you walk and talk like everybody else, or John Meacham will outcast you, got it? We’re trying to help your sorry ass, God knows why.”
“I know that,” Michael said, feeling more and more like a scolded child in a room full of adults. “I just don’t get it. You said you wanted to teach me how to protect myself against the men who killed my mother, and now you’re telling me I’m going to learn how to meditate? That’s it?
Blake crunched a nut with his molars. The noise was really getting on Michael’s nerves. “How many hours do you sleep each night, Mike?”
“The normal amount, I guess. I don’t know, six, seven hours.”
“How many of those hours do you actually spend lying awake in bed?”
“A couple.”
“Of course.” Blake got up and walked around the desk. “How often did you only get two or three hours a night?”
“All the time,” Michael said, almost laughing. “I used to work triple shifts for my parents. The dinner shift ended at ten every night and clean up took about two hours, so I’d be in bed by twelve-thirty or one o’clock. Then morning prep started at four in the morning and—”
“And,” Blake said, “were you ever tired?”
“Of course. I hated it.”
Blake and Reggie were staring at Michael now, like scientists waiting for a chemical reaction to take place in a beaker. 
“I’m not asking if you were bored,” Blake said. “That much is obvious. I’m asking if you were ever exhausted from lack of sleep.”
Michael wrung his hands together as he tried to remember. 
“I don’t know,” he said. “Probably not, I mean, I was always all right if I could just get a few hours.”
Blake smiled, exposing dark yellow teeth. Over by the window, Reggie let out a sigh and stepped toward the center of the room.
“This is risky,” he said.
Blake waved away the comment. “Not if we do it at night. We could take him to the old observatory.” His face brightened. “Let’s get the other boys in on it.”
“Peter and Eli?” Dominic said, getting up from his chair.
Now all three of them were standing in front of Michael, arms crossed like men discussing tactics before a battle. 
“Ian Meacham can’t be a part of this,” Reggie said. “He’ll rat us out to his father.”
Dominic shook his head. “He hates his father. If he sees it as an act of rebellion, he’ll follow along, no questions asked. Weren’t you ever a teenager?”
“If Peter and Eli even agree in the first place,” Blake said. “They know being outcast is no way to live.”
Michael watched the men converse, excitement welling in his chest. It was true he didn’t need to sleep that much. If he could use those hours to train his ability, instead of wasting them just lying in bed, then he’d really be getting somewhere.
“Let’s do it,” Michael said, standing forcefully. “I’m ready to fight.”
Blake studied Michael for a moment, then looked at Dominic, raised his eyebrows, and sighed. 
“Teenagers,” he said with a dismissive wave. “All right, let’s do it.”
Chapter 10

The only light in the darkened hallway came from the stars beyond the window, which trembled as a blast of wind shook the glass. 
William crouched behind the door of the bathroom, where he could see anyone who came up the stairs to his mother’s bedroom. He would always hear the creak of the back door first, and that was how he knew to get into position. Always he felt ashamed afterward, and yet his curiosity got the best of him each time.
Tonight it was Ian, as usual, wearing a sweatshirt with a hood covering his head. Sometimes other men visited, but Ian came more often than any of the others. Despite the hood, William knew it was Ian by his long legs and big, loose-fitting boots, and the awkward way he walked with one hand in the front pocket of his sweatshirt, the other wielding a flashlight. 
After checking the hallway, Ian went to the bedroom door and knocked twice, softly, so it barely made a sound. The door opened and candlelight from inside dimly lit up his face. He whispered something and was allowed in, and once the door had been shut—the lock clicking firmly into place—William scampered over, favoring his bad foot as he tried not to make a sound, so he could peek through the keyhole.
He could just see the corner of his mother’s bed and, above it, the bottom corner of the window. Charlotte sat on the bed and looked up at Ian, a bit scared judging by her wide-eyed expression.
William listened.
“…outcasted if you ever so much as go near him again,” Ian said, bending over so he could speak into her face.
Charlotte looked down at the floor and said nothing. With her head tilted downward and to the side like that, and her hair draped over her shoulders and nightgown, she looked the part of a sad little girl getting yelled at by an overbearing father. 
William felt his chest go tight with anger. He grit his teeth.
“I see how you look at him. Why am I even wasting my time with you, Charlotte? Huh? You should hear how Pete and the rest talk about you. No one wants to be with you except me. They all want Arielle. Even Michael wants Arielle. Don’t you get that?”
“So if no one wants me,” Charlotte said, “I guess I’m stuck with you. Is that how it is?”
William lost sight of his mother as Ian blocked the keyhole with his pacing. A shiver ran through him; for a moment he thought Ian would open the door and find him there.
“I knew getting involved with you was a bad idea from the start,” Ian said. “I don’t need this.”
He started toward the door. William drew back, ready to bolt down the hallway. Then his mother whispered something that sounded like “Come here,” and the bedsprings made a creaking sound as she got up.
William peered through the keyhole again. His mother glanced at him—or at least she appeared to; a flash of her dark eyes in his direction—before pulling Ian toward her and kissing him on the lips with a sucking sound.
A cold, slimy unraveling took place in William’s belly. His mouth went dry as he watched.
“Blow out the candles,” Ian said.
The room went dark, and William crept back to his bedroom, his mind stewing with emotions that made his stomach feel sick. His dreams that night were scary ones.
Chapter 11

Arielle had loved this song since childhood. She knew every word and could even match the singer’s voice if she put some effort into it. It was “I’m Making Believe” by Ella Fitzgerald and The Ink Spots. 
In the half-lit café, as the music drifted out of the ancient jukebox, she felt herself bobbing up and down along soft waves of calm. It had been a good day. Everything was in harmony in her life. Her talk with Peter had gone well, and he had accepted that she wasn’t ready to take the next step in their relationship. 
“I’m making believe,” she sang as she wiped down the back counter, “that you’re in my arms…”
A violent rapping noise came at the front door, a set of knuckles against a loose pane of glass that needed to be repaired. Arielle’s breath caught in her throat. It was Warren and Elkin, grinning at her like a couple of teenage punks, probably drunk off moonshine from the still they ran in one of the barns.
“We’re closed,” she shouted.
Warren knocked again, slowly and deliberately, eyeing her the whole time without blinking. He was going to break that pane of glass if he kept it up. His face twisted into a sinister smile.
“Go away,” Arielle said, taking a few steps toward the back door. If they wanted, they could always run around the building and catch up to her. She might as well face them. “Please, just go away.”
Warren took something out of his pocket. It was starting to get dark outside and she could barely see what he was doing. At this hour, only some of the street lamps were lit. The only light inside the café was the single bulb she kept alive with leftover energy drawn from the generator out back. The bulb cast an eerie light over the glass in the door, making Elkin and Warren seem to shimmer as Warren did something to the door handle that made it rattle. Was he picking the lock? 
The lock clicked and the door swung open. They had a key, those jerks. They must have broken in here one night to make a copy.
“Hey, hey,” Warren said, strutting past the round tables and corner armchairs in the front, Elkin at his heels. “There’s my girl.”
“Warren, get out,” Arielle said. “Make me tell you again, and it’s harassment against a woman. You wanna be outcast?”
He let out a burst of laughter. “Yeah, right. Me? Besides, you ain’t a woman, you’re just a stupid girl.”
“And you’re just a scumbag.”
Her lips were trembling. This wasn’t like the other times they gave her trouble. Had Michael’s sudden presence in Gulch changed them somehow? Made them more malicious?
Warren tipped his head forward and chuckled, a grin plastered across his bony face. His hair, still damp from the rain, spilled around the sides of his head like rattails.
“Play nice now,” he said.
Arielle moved toward the back door.
“Yeah, we’re just customers,” Elkin said in his nasally voice. “How are you gonna make any money treatin’ your patrons with that kind of attitude?”
Arielle tried to stay calm. She couldn’t let them see how afraid she was. She used a focusing technique Blake had taught her that required being entirely conscious of the space her body took up in the world. If she could concentrate on that space, her mind would automatically loosen and relax.
It wasn’t working.
“We’ve come for some food,” Warren said, approaching her instead of taking a seat like a normal customer. Elkin lurched behind him, breathing hard. She could smell the liquor on their breath. “Heat something up for us. Some of your famous bacon should do it.”
“Come back tomorrow morning. I mean it.”
“No,” Warren screamed, his face tightening like a hand making a fist. Arielle’s heart fluttered. A tiny bit of urine slipped out of her body, like when she would get scared as a child. 
The song continued on the jukebox, Ella Fitzgerald crooning softly: “And here in the gloom of my lonely room…we’re dancing like we used to do…”
“Okay,” Arielle said. “I’ll heat something on the burner. Two—two sandwiches. And then promise me you’ll leave.”
Warren stood halfway between the front and back doors, close enough that he could catch her no matter where she tried to escape. 
“I promise, sweet tits,” he said.
Arielle turned toward the back door. Warren cleared his throat, a watery sound that made her wince in disgust.
“You bring that burner out here and light it. I want to watch you work.”
“And you work good, girl,” Elkin said. 
The stools creaked beneath their weight. They were planning on being here for a while. Arielle considered using telepathy to call out to Dominic, but that was a bad idea; Dominic would tear these men apart, and then he’d be forced to leave town again. Or worse.
Trying to keep calm, she went through the motions of bringing the cast-iron skillet out to the café counter. She prepared the bread and bacon and began to cook.
“I gotta take a leak,” Warren said, getting up. “Elkin you keep your eye on her. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
“Got it, boss,” Elkin said, sipping moonshine from a metal flask that had appeared in his hand.
Warren eyed Arielle as he walked through the back door into the storage area. He might have been planning on pissing into her juice bottles. It was just the sort of thing he would find amusing. Arielle would have to smell each bottle tomorrow just to make sure.
When Elkin got up from his stool, bloodshot eyes narrowing at her, she knew something bad was going to happen.
“Hey, little girl,” he said, creeping around the counter toward her. Arielle tensed but didn’t turn away. She gripped the handle of the skillet, which was burning hot by now. 
Elkin placed his damp, bony hands around her waist and pressed up against her backside. “No need to be so cold to me, Arielle.”
Feeling his hardness against the cleft of her buttocks, Arielle closed her eyes and took a deep, steadying breath. Teeth clenched, she lifted the heated skillet, using a towel to protect her hands, and swung it over her left shoulder. 
It caught Elkin against the cheek with a sizzling sound.
He roared and fell back as she spun around to face him. 
“You’re a little boy,” Arielle said, bringing to mind the image of Elkin as a shivering, drooling child. She had to draw it up quickly, not from memory but imagination, before she could project it onto him.
Over the next few seconds he seemed to shrink before her—he, the boy, the image of him as young and weak and small. “You’re seven years old, and you’re afraid because you’ve been beaten, and you hate the beatings so much that you cry about it. You cry, you cry, you cry…”
And now she was crying, because the emotion she’d had to summon was enough to encompass them both. She could feel his fear—it was pungent, like a bad smell—and it made her feel sorry for him.
He bent and wilted like paper burning up in a fire until his ass was on the floor. He was propping himself up with one arm, his other hand covering the spot on his face where she had burned him.
“Hunnnhhh...” he moaned.
“You cry,” Arielle said, wiping her eyes, “like the coward that you are.”
Elkin’s face scrunched up miserably as a dark stain spread over the crotch of his pants.
“No,” he said. “Oh God.”
The back door burst open and Warren walked through, a hulking figure in the dim light. Arielle lifted the pan over her shoulder. She was ready.
“What the hell did you do?”
“You’re scared,” Arielle said, lifting her arms over her face for protection. “You’re scared, you’re terrified.” 
“Your ment powers won’t work on me, bitch,” Warren said, pulling his arm back to swing at her.
Chig chig. The unmistakable sound of a shotgun being cocked. 
Warren froze.
A short, dark figure stood behind him, having just emerged from the back door. The single barrel of a pump-action shotgun crept up behind Warren’s shoulder to kiss his right earlobe with its metal lips.
“You touch her and I’ll blow your redneck brains against the wall, son.”
Warren’s scowl was deep enough to pinch his eyebrows into a V. He lifted his arms but otherwise stayed in place.
“It’s not what you think, Doc. She burned my friend here.”
“Your friend,” Midas Ford said, “is a witless, wife-beating scumbag who deserves to be taken out back and shot. Much like yourself, I’ll bet.”
The café was silent except for Elkin’s whiny blubbering. The jukebox had long since quieted.
“You talk a big game, Doctor,” Warren said. “But in the end it’s all just talk. You know who I work for.”
“The Devil,” Midas said. “Now take your little friend here and get the hell out of the Cold War Café, and stay out for good. Your kind is no longer welcome here.”
Warren turned until he was facing the doctor. He was almost a foot taller than the old man, and the disparity in height appeared to give him some confidence, despite the shotgun aimed at his jaw.
Smirking, he said, “You’re going to pay for this, Doc. You’ll see.”
“I’m paying for my sins already,” Midas said, scowling like an imp. A hundred deep lines were etched into his brown face. His glasses did nothing to hide the rage in his eyes. “The question is, will I make you pay for yours?”
Warren sneered at him. “We’ll see.”
The two men rotated positions until Midas was shielding Arielle from further harm. Warren kicked Elkin in the shin and hissed for him to get up. Elkin wiped his eyes and nose and pushed himself off the floor, eyeing the shotgun warily. 
“Now you git,” Midas said. “And don’t let me see you in here again.”
Warren licked his lips. “Too bad you’re the only doctor in this town, Ford, ’cause you’ll need one when I get done with you.”
Arielle watched them head for the door as Midas tracked them with the shotgun. Warren glanced at Arielle once through the glass and pursed his lips into a kiss. She and Midas kept silent. They waited for the door to close and the sound of footsteps to fade away.
Midas rested the shotgun on the counter and turned to inspect Arielle.
“Come here, honey.”
Arielle rushed into his arms. She wept into the collar of his shirt, comfortable in his old-man smell. 
“They’re going to take the café,” she said.
“You need to protect yourself first. Those boys have it in for you.”
“I don’t care about that. But Meacham—he’ll take my café. And no one’s going to stop him.”
Midas held her at arm’s length and gave her a sad smile. 
“Not if I can help it. Let me drive you home, sweetie.”
“Okay.”
He put his arm around her, and together they made their way out of the café.
Chapter 12

Over the following weeks, Michael followed the routine Blake had established for him, doing menial labor where he was needed—mostly chopping wood and delivering supplies like drinking water—and meeting in Blake’s office to work with him and Dominic on relaxation techniques. The people of Gulch mostly avoided him, and his interactions with the other boys in the house on Silo Street were timid at best. He still couldn’t figure out why Ian hated him so much. 
Peter and Eli were fans of Michael’s cooking, and he made sure to spoil them at breakfast time in hopes that if his personality couldn’t win them over, his steak and eggs would. It wasn’t easy. He sensed the boys had little respect for him, probably because he was so eager to please them. 
They each had their own social lives. Eli and Ian sometimes took a few girls from town to go swimming in the lake beneath the power plant. Michael never tried to join, but he hoped for an invitation at some point. Peter often met up with Arielle to go for a ride on his motorcycle. More often than not, Peter and Arielle would fight, and for some reason Michael enjoyed hearing about it when Eli and Ian would gossip in the living room. Apparently Peter had trouble keeping his hands off some of the other girls in town. Why would Arielle stay with such an idiot?
Michael couldn’t shrug off his mounting frustration. It was frustration at not learning what he wanted during his sessions with Blake and Dominic; frustration whenever he’d see Peter kiss Arielle in public; frustration at having Warren and Elkin scowl at him whenever they saw him around town. He was ready to break out in some way, he just didn’t know how.
The answer came to him; he would start practicing telepathy himself, secretly and slowly at first. In his dreams, he was capable of exerting his will over those around him, even if, in reality, he didn’t have the first clue how to grab hold of the strings he saw in peoples’ heads. 
But that power was within his reach; he could taste it.
His first target was a farmer he often saw at the Cold War Café. The man, named Fred Wurthers, always came in alone in the afternoons to drink coffee and get away from his nagging wife, Sandra, whom everyone in town loathed because of her bossiness. And every day, like clockwork, he’d leave the café at the same time to walk back home. Michael didn’t want to hurt the man; he just wanted to practice on someone who didn’t pose a threat to him.
He followed Fred across town toward his house, making sure to act like he was running some minor errand. He even brought a load of firewood with him to add to the disguise. During the walk, he tried envisioning the string in the man’s head like he had done at the restaurant during the interrogation. The strings were easy to see, but difficult to manipulate. He tried several commands.
Pick up that bottle, he sent into Fred’s mind as the man passed a broken bottle on the side of the road.
Nothing. 
Stand still, he directed in hopes that the man would stop walking. This command made Michael a little dizzy. Still, he pressed on.
Throw your cigarette away, he ordered Fred without opening his mouth, using only his mental voice. The string in Fred’s mind disappeared. Michael’s vision swayed.
He held back in hopes the dizziness would subside. The weight of the wood in his arms had become overwhelming. At first he thought it was just his muscles giving out after a long haul, but then he felt his knees go weak. The wood dropped with a series of heavy clatters.
Spots of blood had appeared on one of the logs. Had it come from his eyes? Fear struck him as he envisioned townsfolk dropping dead all around him, the result of his foolish experiment. 
He reached up to touch his face. The blood had come from his nose. Fear struck him again, doubly strong, as he remembered Blake’s warning about damaging the tissue of his brain. 
His legs gave out. Fred Wurthers ran toward him, shouting for help. Michael wanted to tell him to get Louis Blake, but he couldn’t move as a hammer made purely of pain swung inside his skull, knocking him out completely.

“Wake up, kid.”
The voice was deep and raspy, yet comforting. Michael awoke to the blinding glare of sunlight streaming in through a window. This was not his room in the attic. He was in an actual bedroom, on a soft mattress and even softer sheets. A man sat beside the bed, watching him.
Michael tried to sit up, but Midas Ford motioned for him to stay down. The doctor was dressed in a faded green shirt tucked into brown slacks held up by suspenders. He seemed to be in his seventies or eighties. His skin was papery and brown, and his face was covered in age spots like flecks of chocolate someone had sprayed on him. His hair was bushy and white, and grew along the sides only, leaving him with a massive bald spot. With the sunlight in his glasses, Michael caught only glimpses of his serious brown eyes.
“You gave us quite a scare last night, young’n.”
Michael rubbed his eyes and blinked. Last night? He couldn’t believe so much time had passed. There was a sour taste in his mouth and his head hurt. Midas Ford handed him a water bottle.
“You’re dehydrated. Drink that slowly. Just sips at first.”
“Did I have an episode?”
“Drink.”
Michael uncapped the bottle and took long, eager swallows. His thirst was unbelievable, like he’d just crawled out of a desert.
“Take sips, I said. You’ll puke otherwise.”
“You’re a doctor, right?” Michael said, panting slightly. “I’ve heard of you. Midas Ford.”
“You heard right.” Midas pushed himself off the chair with a grunt. “Come on. Let’s eat some breakfast.”
“Breakfast? What time is it?”
A minute later, Michael was sitting at a crude folding table in the kitchen, rubbing his nose to see if it was intact. At least the bleeding had gone away. 
The house was tiny compared to the ones on Silo Street. The inside would have been dreary and sad were it not for the sunlight pouring in through all the windows. Bookshelves covered every wall and lined the narrow hallway. There were even books stacked on the kitchen counters.
“What happened yesterday?” Michael said as the doctor busied himself with the stove. He was frying a pan full of eggs and bacon by the smell of it. 
“You did something you shouldn’t have done.”
“How do you know what—”
“Heard you talking in your sleep.”
Midas emptied the pan over two square, wooden plates and brought them to the table. Michael’s mouth salivated. He tore into the food, barely noticing Midas’s scowl. There were biscuits, too, which he used to sop up the runny egg yolk and the bacon grease.
“So hungry,” Michael said around a mouthful of food. “Sorry.”
“Just take it easy. Perfectly good bacon, don’t want it reappearing any time soon. Coffee?”
“Nuh uh.”
When Michael was done scarfing everything down, he drained a glass of lukewarm milk and took a moment to breathe before speaking. Then he gave Midas his full attention.
“I didn’t mean to cause any trouble. I just wanted to see…”
“Of course you did,” Midas said, mixing sugar into his coffee. “I’ve told Louis before, give a kid a gun and a box of bullets, and it’s only a matter of time before he tries loading one into the chamber.”
“I won’t do it again.”
“No, you won’t, and you know why?” Midas sipped his coffee, bushy eyebrows sliding up his forehead. When Michael didn’t react, the old doctor continued: “You almost died yesterday. I had to decrease the swelling in your skull using a type of medicine that’s hard to get in these parts. You try something like that again, without the proper training, and you’ll be lucky to die.”
“Why would I be lucky?”
Midas set down the mug. “I don’t know about you, but I’d rather die than be a vegetable.” 
Michael sat back. His stomach tightened a little as his breakfast threatened to make a second appearance. He swallowed it back down. 
“I understand.”
“Do you?” Midas gathered the plates and got up. “Come on, kid. Let me show you something.”

He took Michael out through the back door and into a field the sight of which left him stunned. It was a long stretch of earth that rolled toward a mountainous wall in the distance, a field that was more like an explosion of color, cut in half by a sparkling strip of water. It was almost too perfect to be natural.
“Amazing the kind of work people will do when they feel truly grateful to be alive.”
“Who made all this?”
“The town. This is why I wanted you to see it. I wanted you to feel what I feel when I come out here. The people of this town are good, decent folk. A little rough around the edges, some of them. But basically good. Many can’t pay me for my services, so they come out here and do some landscaping when the weather’s nice. I don’t even ask them to.” 
Michael nodded. “I understand.”
“There isn’t a whole lot of tyranny in Gulch, despite what Blake and Dominic might have to say about John Meacham. He does what he can to make this the sort of place one can raise a family and not have to live in fear of slavers, that sort of thing. 
“So you can understand when someone like you comes here uninvited, a city boy with the whole world chasing after him, people just aren’t gonna accept it right off the bat.”
“I know,” Michael said, sliding his hands into his pockets. He squinted at the gurgling stream, and could almost feel the cool water sliding against his skin. “What should I do, Midas?”
“Study,” the doctor said. “Train. Learn how to use your talent the proper way, slowly and defensively, ’cause one day, someone’s going to come after you, and out here in the Eastlands, there aren’t too many people to watch your back. Work together with the other telepaths your own age. You can support each other.”
“What about Ian? And his father?”
“You won’t have to worry about Ian. He and his father don’t get along, and he’d follow Louis Blake if he had to choose. In the meantime, you stay out of trouble and get a regular job like the rest of us. Blake suggested motorcycle and car maintenance for you, and I think that’s a good idea. I got a whole library of books in the house that you can start reading. And there’s an old garage a couple blocks over run by an old friend of mine. He could use an apprentice. I’m sure you’ll be ready and on time each morning.”
“I can do that. So, will I be—”
“Paid?” Midas gave a single, firm nod. “Same wage as everyone else. Enough to buy the things you need.”
“And what about my training?”
“There is no training.”
“But you said—”
Midas turned to face him, eyes set in a squint. He was a lot shorter than Michael, but when he narrowed his eyes and set his jaw like that, he could be intimidating. 
“Listen to me real good, young’n. As far as anyone is concerned, the only training you’re receiving is from Reggie Smith, and that’s in marksmanship so you can help defend against raiders and bandits and whatever else this land got to throw at us. Anything else you might pick up along the way is strictly your business. Yours and no one else’s. I make myself clear?”
So, it would be their secret. If he so much as said another word about it, the opportunity might vanish like a half-forgotten dream. At least that was how it felt. Michael kept his mouth shut and gave a single nod to show he understood.
“Attaboy. You’ll be eating all your meals with me for the next few days, until things cool down. The whole town thinks you fainted from heat exhaustion, except for a few suspicious folks who think you were up to no good. Blake will be joining us for dinner tonight. He’ll want to know you’ve begun your studies.”
“My studies? You mean—”
“Motorcycle and car maintenance, like I said. I got a few books on telepathy in my attic, but I trust you’ll stay away from those.”
He winked at Michael and patted him on the shoulder, then turned to walk into the house. He stopped at the door and looked back.
“As for right now, if I were you”—he looked southeast, toward where the power plant loomed over the town—“there’s a nice little lake in the very back of the canyon, beneath the waterfalls. I like to go there and sit sometimes when I feel like being alone. I suggest you do the same. Dip your feet in the water and think about how lucky you are to still be alive.”
Michael gave a solemn nod. “I’ll do that. Thank you, Dr. Ford.”
“No problem, sonny.”
The screen door slammed shut behind the old man. Michael breathed a sigh of relief as he looked out over the field and the mountains beyond. Then he began to walk.

When he got to the lake, which was only slightly bigger than a large pond, he saw why Midas liked to come here. The twin waterfalls from the cliff overhead splashed into the water with a foamy white roar. Sunlight fell in like a thin mist, evoking stunted rainbows. One of these days he would dive in and see what it felt like to have a waterfall cover him completely, drowning out all other sights and sounds.
His brother’s face rose in his mind’s eye.
“Benny,” he said aloud, “if only you could be here to see this with me. I miss you.”
“Michael?” 
He spun around, wondering how long she’d been standing there. 
“Arielle, what are you doing here?”
“Gathering flowers,” she said, taking a few hesitant steps toward him. “Is everything okay?”
“Yeah, I was just, uh—praying.”
“Really,” she said, squinting one eye at him. “Praying.”
He cleared his throat. “So, what’s up?”
Arielle reached into the basket and pulled out a blue flower Michael didn’t recognize. No surprise there. Having grown up in a city slum, he wasn’t very knowledgeable when it came to flowers and wildlife. Nevertheless, he was stunned by its beauty.
She reached out and offered it to him. From it came a strong fragrance that filled his nose at once.
“Thanks,” he said. He looked around, eager to find some way to preserve it. It would get crushed in his pocket.
“Here.” Arielle took the flower and stuck it above her right ear. “I’ll keep it for you. So, how are you feeling?”
“Fine. I just wanted to sit by the lake for a little while. Do you—”
“Want to sit?” she finished for him.
“Yeah.”
She brushed wheat-colored hair out of her face. “I guess I could for a few minutes.”
Motorcycle engines revved in the distance, growing louder as they approached. Arielle’s smile fell away.
“Is that him?” Michael said.
They watched the bikes come to a stop in the distance. It was Peter and Ian, squinting at Michael and Arielle, clearly suspicious.
“I guess you should go,” Michael said.
“I should, but not because I’m worried about Peter.”
Michael turned to face her fully. He didn’t care if Peter saw them standing this close. Let him get jealous for once.
“Then what are you worried about?
Arielle frowned, obviously uneasy with the subject.
“It’s my—”
She never got a chance to finish. A shot rose from the other end of the canyon, startling them both. Someone had fired a rifle. Michael grabbed Arielle’s hand and pulled her toward him, not even caring that Peter and Ian could see them.
There was nothing out of the ordinary in the distance. No fires or signs of attack or anything like that. Arielle gripped his hand, which reminded him that they were now standing shoulder to shoulder. He caught a glimpse of Peter and Ian’s resentful scowls before the motorcycle engines started and the boys drove away toward the other end of town.
“What do you think that was?” Arielle said. “A gunshot maybe?”
Another pop echoed off the mountain walls, followed by a man’s shout of alarm.
“The watchmen,” Michael said. “In the guard towers. Maybe it’s a training exercise?”
“I hope so.”
Michael turned to face her. “What were you going to say?”
“What?”
He searched her eyes. “Just now. You were going to tell me what worried you.”
Another rifle shot. Arielle flinched.
“Michael, this isn’t the time. We could be under attack.”
“Right.” 
He grabbed her hand and pulled her along, feeling strangely exhilarated, glad Peter and Ian had roared away on their bikes. Arielle trotted alongside him, stopping only once to pick up Michael’s flower after it had flown from her ear. 
He took that as a sign.
Chapter 13

“Raiders! Raiders!”
The shouts were coming from the watchmen, perched atop wooden towers overlooking the field stretching toward the canyon’s mouth. Three of these towers existed, and it was Blake’s duty, having trained men for war, to keep the day watch and the night watch prepared and ever vigilant for this exact kind of threat. Hopefully Blake was good at his job.
Michael parted ways with Arielle at the bridge on Silo Street. She took off running, blonde hair flashing behind her. Michael watched for a moment, Arielle’s cool sweat still drying on his palm and fingers, and then he ran into town toward the shots. They were coming more frequently now; a battle had erupted. As he rounded the corner at Missile Avenue, he saw Warren, Elkin, and their two friends. He slowed his pace a bit, wondering how he could get past them unseen, when Warren turned and spotted him. 
“You brought them here,” he shouted at Michael over his shoulder. Next to him, Elkin turned and started toward Michael, but Warren grabbed his arm and spun him back around. “Later. Let’s get to the watchtowers before they do.”
They turned down a side road. Michael continued along the avenue, stopping again when a voice formed in his mind like mist becoming solid.
Over here.
The voice accompanied a strong urge to move in one specific direction. He followed it until he reached one of the towers.
Climb up.
Was it Blake’s voice? It sounded like him, though not in the conventional way a voice sounds. Instead it was like the man’s entire personality was being injected into Michael’s brain, forming words on his consciousness like a finger inscribing on foggy glass.
He climbed the tower and found Reggie Smith on one knee, perched behind a long hunting rifle with a beautiful, glossy wooden stock. Mounted on the rifle was an expensive-looking scope. In the People’s Republic, a rifle like this would have cost more than ten million koles on the black market, about as much as his parents’ restaurant made in a year.
The rifle erupted as Reggie fired a shot. Michael heard a scream in the distance, though nothing remarkable happened at the other end of the field. He couldn’t see any intruders.
“Where are they?”
“Hiding behind those boulders,” Reggie said. “Bandits who thought they were stumbling on treasure, probably. Watch this. And get down, damn it.”
Squinting into the scope, he fired the rifle, then loaded another shell using motions so fast it was like he had never moved. A scream rang across the field and echoed off the mountain walls.
“Try to feel their presence,” he said, not looking at Michael. “Close your eyes and place them.”
“I can’t even see them.”
“You can sense their presence if you put your mind to it. Go ahead.”
Michael did as told, focusing on the boulders Reggie had indicated. He closed his eyes and tried to reach out to the men crouched behind them. Slowly but surely he began to see tiny grey smudges behind his eyelids.
“Whoa.”
“You see ’em?”
“Yeah,” Michael said, licking his lips. “Sort of. Little gray blurs, right?”
“That’s them. Watch and learn.”
Reggie shot, loaded a shell, shot again, loaded a shell, shot again, loaded a shell. 
BANG. Click, click. BANG. Click, click. BANG. Click, click.
The air stirred as Reggie moved. One by one, the gray blurs changed. One disappeared. The other two became brighter, then trembled and moved apart.
Michael described what he saw.
“I killed one and wounded two others. You just confirmed it. That’s the kind of intelligence your kind can give us. You can open your eyes now.”
“My kind?” Michael said. “I thought you were a telepath, too.”
“Nope. Just a good old-fashioned marksman. Nothin’ special about me except my striking good looks.”
Across the field—little more than specks in the distance—two men ran across the canyon’s opening and disappeared around the corner. Michael could still sense their presence. It was amazing. He felt connected to them as if he’d attached a thread to their minds and could feel them tugging.
“They’re getting away.”
Reggie chuckled. “Only if Dominic lets them. Close your eyes again.”
He did, this time eagerly. As he listened, two shouts filled the canyon and were suddenly cut off. He lost his telepathic grasp on the bandits. The strings had been cut.
“He killed them,” Michael said, opening his eyes.
Reggie gave him an admiring look. “Your ability is strong. Now you just have to learn to use it properly.”
They got up. Reggie unloaded the hunting rifle and let Michael look through the scope at the solitary figure in the distance making its way up the road. It was Dominic, holding a knife and walking with a determined stride toward Gulch. There were splashes of blood on his shirt.
“That bastard,” Reggie said. “Only left me about five. Killed the rest before I even got here.”
“How many were there originally?”
“Eleven. A small pack, probably rock roamers with an outpost in one of the dead cities nearby. Dominic always has to compete with these things.”
“And he always fights with a knife?”
Reggie winced a little. “He likes to get close to his enemies, look ’em in the eyes before he does them in.”
Michael peered once more into the scope. Dominic, now life-sized in front of him, wiped the knife against his shirt, squinted up at the watchtower, and raised his middle finger. 

“That was your voice in my head?”
Michael and Louis Blake walked alongside each other up Missile Avenue toward the town hall. 
“That’s right,” Blake said.
“Where were you?”
“In one of the towers. I was watching you, to see how you’d react. I didn’t sense much fear. Mostly excitement.”
Michael shrugged. “I haven’t learned enough about this place to be afraid.”
“That’ll change.”
Michael stuffed his hands into his pockets and looked around. They were surrounded by people; all of Gulch’s residents had been instructed to meet at the town hall for an explanation of the attack. Some of the men patted Louis Blake on the back and thanked him. Word had spread that Dominic and Reggie had taken nearly a dozen raiders out by themselves, and everyone knew that they were Blake’s men, not Meacham’s. 
“If those boys weren’t as queer as a green coyote, I’d be proud to call ’em my sons,” one man said. He adjusted the brim of his hat. A man next to him said, “Amen to that.”
“I heard Meacham’s boys, Warren and that other one, Elkin, were stone drunk, and that’s why they was late in gettin’ there,” another man said.
“Yup, I count on Blake to defend my town,” a woman said.
Blake snorted laughter and shook his head.
“Farmers,” he said quietly to Michael. “I’m glad you recognized my voice. I’ll be doing that from time to time, when I need to send you a message.”
His next words were telepathic. 
Pretty soon you’ll learn how to do it yourself.
Awestruck, Michael shook his head slowly.
“That mental voice,” he said to Blake. “Can you use it to tell Arielle everything’s okay? She sounded terrified when I left her.”
Blake nodded. “I’ll make sure she gets the message.” 
The town hall was packed by the time they arrived. There was a stale, wooden smell in the air along with the stink of bodies covered in nervous sweat. People murmured and whispered. Men with red necks and sunburned ears stood with their hands in their pockets next to women wearing dresses and holding babies. The up-and-down wailing of an infant rang like an alarm.
“All right everybody, just settle down,” John Meacham said from the podium facing the crowd. “Take a seat or what-have-you. Just settle down.”
The murmuring quieted. Many people were fanning themselves. Charlotte sat near the front with William, on a bench alongside Peter, Ian, and Eli. At one point, Arielle entered the room and joined them. Meacham was about to speak when the back doors banged open. 
Dominic entered the town hall and swaggered up the central aisle, followed by Reggie and Midas Ford. People turned to watch him as he took his place next to Michael against the wall. He was covered in blood, which visibly unsettled most of those present, including John Meacham.
“Watch what this bastard does,” Dominic told Michael in a low whisper. The metallic smell of blood emanating from his shirt almost turned Michael’s stomach.
John Meacham cleared his throat to call back the attention of his audience. He made sure to give Dominic a cold look before continuing. 
“Many of you heard the gunshots earlier, and you have every right to be scared. But rest assured I have my men working on the town’s defenses as we speak. Good news is, we’ve been planning some measures we’d like to put in place as soon as possible to ensure our children are safe and sound. This will involve sacrifices on all of our parts, including mine...”
Dominic shot Michael a covert glance. 
He’ll raise taxes, he sent into Michael’s mind, lips unmoving, eyes narrowed. Been planning to for a while. The bandit attack came at just the right time. Perfect, actually.
Michael gave a slight nod to show he understood, even though he didn’t. Was Dominic saying the attack had been planned by the city’s leaders?
John Meacham continued. “We all still remember what happened to those young women kidnapped five years ago. I became Overseer shortly after, and under my watch that tragic event has not been repeated. I’m here to keep you safe. You can trust me on that.”
Dominic’s frown only deepened. What was going on?
He’s talking about three women who were kidnapped by slavers. No one knows how the men got past our defenses, but rumor has it those women are still alive in a slaver settlement southeast of here.
Michael nodded as he processed the information. Anyone watching would have thought he was lost in his own musings. There was an edge of disgust in Dominic’s abstracted voice.
Meacham tells these people they’re safe, but that’s only as long as they do what he says. Those women who were kidnapped? They tried to have Meacham outcast for sexual harassment and rape. They were gone before the matter could go to trial. Pretty big coincidence, wouldn’t you say?
Michael kept quiet. He was starting to feel like coming here had been a mistake.

He heard footsteps outside his bedroom door a few nights later; the unmistakable, quick steps of a barefooted girl scampering up the stairs, followed by a series of light knocks, almost too soft to hear.
“Come in,” he said, his heart speeding up. Could it be Arielle? Why would she come to him at such a late hour? And what did that mean? 
He fumbled for the matchbook he kept on the shelf above his cot. He lit a candle, the one he used for reading in bed, just as the door opened and shut. By its light, he saw not Arielle but someone darker of feature, wearing a long black coat.
“Charlotte. What are you doing here?”
With hurried movements, she unbuttoned the coat and cast it off with a shrug of her shoulders, revealing a body as naked as if she had just stepped out of the shower. Her breasts hung heavy and loose like enormous, pink teardrops on which two brown nipples stood erect. They rose and fell as she breathed, then swayed from side to side as she reached up and undid her hair to let it spill around her neck. With a shy look, she covered the dark patch between her legs with both hands and stood watching him.
“Charlotte, you really shouldn’t—” 
“Shhh…” 
She slipped under the blanket, lips finding his before he could resist, a blast of warmth against his skin. Michael tried to free his mouth so he could tell her to slow down, but Charlotte stuck to him, her tongue battling his for dominance. 
His hands clutched at her waist, searching for some way to grab hold of her and push her away. Charlotte repositioned them to grasp her buttocks instead. Michael found smooth, warm flesh, so much of it that it seemed she was being inflated by his lust until eventually her body would exceed his own in size, each curve a dangerous path for his hands to follow.
The bed squealed beneath them.
“Shit,” Charlotte said. “They couldn’t get you a real bed?”
“We have to stop,” he said.
She reached down between their bellies, a masculine movement like a hand reaching down to start a lawnmower engine by pulling its cord. Her fingers wrapped around him, surprisingly cold and strong.
“Don’t tell me you want to stop.”
Michael was about to speak when the pounding began. Charlotte’s eyes, barely visible in the dark, flew open. Footsteps.
Boom, boom, boom, boom…
Charlotte lifted off of him, covering herself.
The door flew open. Light fell into the room. Michael twisted to see who it was, right arm lifting defensively as if the light itself were an attack.
“What the hell?” Eli said.
He was holding a baseball bat, dressed in a tank top and boxer shorts, his feet bare. His chest, shaped like a barrel, heaved with each breath.
“Charlotte,” he said.
“Eli, what’s the matter with you? Can’t you see we’re busy?” Charlotte shouted at him, arms tightening about her chest, pushing her breasts up into round circles beneath her chin. 
Michael shifted to get out from under her. “This isn’t how it looks,” he said.
“Yeah, right,” Eli said, still breathing hard.
“I’m serious,” Michael said. His voice had risen into a whine, and now he felt embarrassed. “Charlotte, get off.”
“I was trying to.”
“I’m serious. Get off!”
Charlotte gave Eli her full attention. “He invited me here.”
“No, I didn’t!”
“Shut up! Both of you,” Eli said. He seemed more angry now than surprised, like he wanted this to end immediately so he could go back to sleep. With one meaty arm, he held the baseball bat horizontal, the thick end pointed at Charlotte like the barrel of an oddly-shaped shotgun. “You need to leave. Ian finds out you were here and you’ll be sorry. Don’t think I won’t tell him what you did.”
Her expression flashed into an angry, almost animalistic, scowl.
“Blame the woman, right?” she said. “If he was trying to rape me, you’d say it was my fault.”
“Rape you? I would never—”
“Shut up,” she told Michael with a flash of her teeth. 
He was about to push her away when, abruptly, she raised one leg, leaned back, and rotated off of him, squashing him between the legs.
“Ow!” Michael cupped himself and winced. “Everybody just get out of my room.”
Charlotte slipped her clothes back on as Eli watched with a frown of concern that seemed too serious for him. When she was dressed, she pushed past him and hurried down the stairs. 
Michael sat on the edge of the bed, legs covered by the blanket, his head hanging over his joined hands. He could feel Eli’s gaze on him. 
“You screwed up,” Eli told him.
“I—I swear I didn’t—”
“If Ian finds out, it won’t matter what really happened. She’s with him, you understand?”
Michael nodded eagerly.
“I won’t tell anyone what I saw tonight, not even Peter—”
“Thank you.” Michael gave him a look so full of gratitude, his eyes almost watered.
“But,” Eli continued, “you keep away from her. Control yourself.” He pointed the baseball bat at Michael much as he had done to Charlotte. “Got it?”
“I got it,” Michael said.
On his way out, Eli looked back at him over his shoulder. “There’s a convenience store on Radar Street. They sell locks for doors. Buy one.”
He clicked the light off in the hallway and left. Michael barely slept all night.
Chapter 14

Over the next few weeks, Michael finished the books on telepathy he’d found in Midas Ford’s attic and began his job restoring old cars and motorcycles with Rudy Jenkins, the head mechanic in Gulch. Rudy was an ex-soldier who had once specialized in explosives. He hobbled around his shop, always in his gray mechanic’s suit, his enormously heavy tool belt dragging him down. His mouth endlessly spewed facts about transmissions, fan belts, and gasoline. He walked with a limp and claimed he still had shrapnel in his ass from a battle against some People’s Republic soldiers he and his men had caught mapping Eastland terrain twenty years earlier.
“Spiteful Kole-lovin’ bastards think they can just walk in here and start taking photos and soil samples? Hell no. My boys and I, we blew their asses up, sent bits of them flyin’ back over the Line. You know, I never had an apprentice before. Kinda nice, if you ask me.”
Sometimes Rudy brought homebrewed beer into the shop and just before sunset he and Michael would sit outside, covered in grease, and Michael would listen to the man’s stories. He learned plenty about the New Dallas Republic to the east and how it had originally been established as a free state, and how the current president was a megalomaniac just like Harris Kole, intent on controlling the region’s economy and expanding his power across the continent. Rudy Jenkins hated government of all forms, and Michael loved that about him.
The work came naturally to him. Michael had always been able to memorize facts and statistics and complex equations without having to consult manuals and technical guides more than once. And yet despite the rigorous tasks Rudy assigned to him, his thoughts constantly drifted to a hypothetical version of reality in which it was Arielle who had come to his room that night instead of Charlotte, without Eli or anyone else to stop them.
After lunch one day, Michael caught up to Charlotte and offered to walk her home. Along the way, he told her there could be nothing between them, especially since it was common knowledge that she and Ian were together. He didn’t mention Arielle. When he was finished, Charlotte gave a polite goodbye and turned back into town, leaving him to walk to Silo Street alone in a state of utter confusion. He hadn’t spoken to her since.
He was persistent when it came to his training in telepathy. Blake and Dominic assured him it was only a matter of time, that he needed to be patient. After all, telepathy is most useful to spies and assassins, and what kind of spy or assassin doesn’t have patience?
Their answer: a dead one.
By far the worst thing about his situation was the fact that Warren and Elkin existed. They’d follow him around town sometimes, and once he caught movement in the bushes outside his house. Maybe he was being paranoid, but there was something about the way they looked at him—as if they were waiting for him to reveal a hidden weakness—that unnerved him.
Of one thing there was no doubt in his mind: Warren and Elkin were men of patience.
Chapter 15

A blast of cold water woke Michael one night.
He came up sputtering in bed, chilled to the bone from what had felt like a shower of ice. He was soaked. A flashlight shone in his eyes, making the figures beyond it little more than shapes in the dark. The windows were unlit, which meant it was either late at night or predawn morning.
“Get up.”
“What do you want?”
The flashlight flipped to shine against the man’s face. He wore a black wool mask that revealed a mouth and two narrowed, angry eyes. 
“Get your ass out of bed now.”
Michael kicked back the covers, frantic, his hands shielding his face. He was dressed only in boxer shorts, and the frigid air made goose bumps ripple across his skin. Was this a nightmare? Or a flashback to that night in the basement?
Once he was standing he could see there were two of them, both wearing masks. He couldn’t tell who they were, but he had a feeling he knew.
Warren and Elkin.
“Don’t do this,” Michael said, moving toward the door. He stopped when one of the men shone his flashlight over a pistol. They were serious.
“You open that door and I shoot, you got it? Don’t do anything stupid, kid.”
The man’s voice came out unnaturally gruff, like he was trying to disguise it. The other man, also holding a pistol, came forward with what appeared to be a black bag in his free hand. Michael let out a hiss of breath as the man whipped the bag over his head, blinding him. They led him down the stairs to the main floor of the house.
Blake, Dominic, he tried calling out with his telepathic voice. But he hadn’t learned that yet. They hadn’t taught him anything of value since he’d gotten here. They hadn’t prepared him for this at all. 
The men opened another door and led him down more stairs. The air was even colder down here, dry enough to make his skin itch, carrying with it the smell of mildew and soil. They were taking him to the basement, probably so they could shoot him without raising an alarm.
“Please,” Michael said, whispering to show he could keep quiet. “I’ll leave Gulch. I’ll leave right now and you’ll never see me again, I swear.”
“Shut up.”
The cold tip of the pistol pressed up against his spine.
He obeyed. His shortened breaths came out hot and moist inside the hood. The fabric scratched his nose and forehead. His toes burned from the cold. 
This was it; he was going to die.
“Take off the hood.”
“What?”
“Take it off!”
Michael recoiled from the force of the man’s voice. It had to have been Warren; Elkin’s voice was too high-pitched and nasally to be that strong. 
He slipped off the hood and looked back at the two men. One was taller than the other and both were dressed in black.
“Why are you doing this?” Michael said, arms raised and trembling. 
“Turn around,” the taller man said. Michael was sure he recognized that voice, and yet it didn’t sound like Warren. “Don’t make me tell you again.”
He turned, and what he saw made his eyes narrow in confusion. Peter, Eli, and Ian, all of them naked except for boxer shorts, were sitting up against the concrete wall across the room, wearing glum, hardened expressions. A pair of gas lanterns cast a seedy yellow light over their faces.
“Guys,” Michael said. “What is this?”
Peter closed his eyes and faced away. Eli and Ian looked down at the patches of floor between their grimy feet. At least if Michael died tonight, he wouldn’t be alone.
“Sit by the wall. Next to that skinny piece of shit with the shaved head.”
Michael went and sat next to Ian. Now that he and Ian were in this together, it was easier to feel close to him, like they had suddenly become brothers.
The men stood before them, black tactical suits clean and well preserved. The shorter man stepped forward and kicked the side of Michael’s knee, forcing him to topple against Ian.
“Don’t look at me, kid.”
Ian pushed him away. “Get the hell offa me.”
Michael looked up at the shorter man and scowled. It was easy to imagine Boyd and Welcher behind those masks, back from the dead to finish what they had started back at his parents’ restaurant. 
Anger surged inside of him.
“I said don’t look at me,” the man said, and kicked him again.
Michael flinched but didn’t look away. The shorter man hunkered down so he could look directly into Michael’s eyes.
“Look what I found, Mom. A real rebel.”
Boyd. It was exactly the sort of thing Boyd would say.
Michael narrowed his eyes at the man and caught sight of the tiny string in his mind. It was little more than a ghostly vapor, but there it was. He tried to latch onto it, picturing his mind reaching out like a hand trying to grab a mosquito.
The man smacked him across the face.
Michael breathed furiously. Once more he tried to visualize the string. The man smacked him, and again the string was lost.
“What’s the matter, Mike? Am I distracting you?”
Michael leaped up suddenly and pushed the man back.
“Fight them,” he shouted back at the other guys. “Come on!”
The man easily regained control of the situation. His partner didn’t even have to help. The taller one crossed his arms over his chest and stood watching as the shorter one flipped Michael onto his back and brought his elbow down into his belly. Cold concrete scraped Michael’s shoulder blades and back.
The shorter man straightened and kicked Michael in the side, forcing him to scramble back against the wall. Michael stared up at the man in hatred, still not angry enough for his ability to come out on its own. Another episode could kill him or turn him into a vegetable, but at the moment, he didn’t care. He wanted these men dead.
“Relax,” the taller man said. “You’ll hurt yourself thinking that hard.”
He pulled off his mask and shook out his hair. It was Dominic.
The shorter man, seeing Dominic’s exposed face, took off his own mask. Michael was surprised to see Reggie smiling down at him, his hair a mess of brown waves.
“Figures,” Peter said in defeat.
Michael let out a long, slow breath. The tightness remained in his shoulders.
“We really had you going, huh?” Reggie said.
“What was that for?” Ian said, pushing himself up into a standing position. He looked small and weak in his undershorts. 
“Get back down,” Dominic said. “We’re not finished with you yet.”
The basement door opened at the top of the stairs. From this angle, Michael couldn’t see who it was, but from the slow, methodical sound of the man’s footsteps against the wooden stair planks, he was able to figure it out.
Louis Blake was dressed in a black uniform much like Dominic’s and Reggie’s. Over it he wore a long, thin overcoat that made him look like an FSD officer. Michael inspected Blake’s face and saw only a cold, gray slate with no trace of human emotion. 
“Good morning, boys,” Blake said. “It’s three o’clock and the sun won’t rise for another two hours. You’ve all requested training and now you’re going to have it.” He paced before them. “You will have no days off and no excuse if you don’t show up. Miss a day of training, miss all three meals for that day.” He stopped pacing and studied them. “Understood?”
Something roiled inside Michael’s gut. He kept still and listened.
“Yes? No?” Blake said, this time more sternly.
“Yes,” Michael said as the others murmured “Yeah” and “Uh huh.”
“I used to be a major in the army. That’ll be ‘yes, sir.’ Got it?”
“Yes, sir,” the boys said at once.
“You’ve all approached me about this before, but it’s different now that Michael’s here. Telepathic training was always meant to be done in pairs, that way you can partner up, and no one has to be left out. But I can’t guarantee success for all of you. Combat telepathy isn’t for the weak of will.”
Eli looked at the others, his face covered in nervous sweat. He was smiling like a tired drunk. “Combat telepathy? Sign me up.”
Dominic hunkered down, elbows propped on his knees, and gave Eli an icy look.
“This is no game, fatboy,” he said in a cruel whisper. “You’ll be killing people in cold blood. You’ll be drawing blades across peoples’ necks and stabbing them in the back. You know what that’s like?”
The smile disappeared from Eli’s face. He looked down at his bare feet, curled his toes, and kept quiet. 
Blake stood in the center of the room, his face orange in the light of the gas lantern. He seemed to be on the verge of laughter.
“We begin now. Everyone on your feet. And don’t say I didn’t warn you.”

They dressed in clothing Reggie pulled out of a black bag. Then Reggie and Blake took off, leaving a grinning Dominic to take over.
He yelled at them constantly as they jogged up a three-mile path to an abandoned observatory. Eli explained it had once been used for star gazing and mapping. The building was small and gray beneath a domed roof, perched on a cliff overlooking a cluster of distant mountains. Above it, the vast sky was covered with a powdered dusting of stars.
They opened a rusty door in the back and gazed into pure darkness.
“The hell are we supposed to do here?” Eli said. “This place is a crypt.”
The boys recoiled as a blinding light turned on inside. Louis Blake stood in the center of the empty room, arms crossed over his chest, smelling faintly of gasoline. He had probably ridden a four-wheeler up another path in order to get up here as fast as he did.
“You’re too slow,” he said. “You’ll eat cut oats for breakfast as punishment.”
Michael sighed. Cut oats tasted like pencil shavings soaked in water.
“Can you deal with that?” Dominic said, standing before the group of boys.
Michael shrugged. “I guess.”
Dominic flashed out of sight.
They all stood looking at the spot in which he’d been standing a moment earlier, and before Michael could even form a thought regarding the man’s quickness, someone came up behind him, put an arm around his neck, and kicked his knees out from under him. As he sank toward the ground, the arm around his neck tightened its grip, choking him.
“That’s ‘yes, sir,’ to you, trainee!”
Michael’s voice sputtered out of him. “Yesh—yesshir!”
The arm around his neck fell away, and Michael collapsed onto his side, choking and gasping. Dominic reappeared where he’d been standing before, looking as though nothing had happened.
“How did you do that?” Michael said, pushing himself up.
Louis Blake stepped forward, speaking as Dominic frowned and shook his head. “He slowed down your perception of time. Everyone’s in this room, including mine. Of course, you could have blocked it, but that takes time and effort to master.”
Dominic looked each boy in the eye. One moment his hands were empty. The next, he had a large, curved hunting knife in his right hand and was holding it to Peter’s throat.
“I better not hear any of you boys talking openly about anything that goes on in this building,” Dominic said. “You hear me?”
“Yes, sir,” Peter said, barely breathing. The others followed.
Dominic stepped back, and in a flash, the knife was gone.
“Someday, with enough training, you’ll all be able to do what he just did,” Blake said.
Dominic scoffed. “You’ll wish you could do what I just did.”
Michael raised a hand, hesitantly, as if there was the possibility Dominic would slice it off. Blake nodded at him.
“What if someone follows us up here one morning? Like one of Meacham’s men?”
Blake pursed his lips before speaking. “I can sense the presence of every person in this town. I’ll know if someone tries to sneak up on us.”
He cleared his throat and began to pace before the boys, gloved hands joined behind his back. The chain-smoking old man from before had disappeared; only Major Blake existed now. The man reeked of military pride.
“Why are we here?” He looked down at the dusty floor as he walked. “What are we training for, exactly? Is it defense against raiders, bandits, and cannibals—all very real threats in the Eastlands and even here in the mountains—or is it to support the New Dallas Republic war effort against Harris Kole?”
He looked at the boys as if expecting an answer. They swallowed nervously and waited for him to finish.
“You might have selfish reasons for being here, maybe to impress a girl”—he looked at Peter—“or get revenge on an enemy you’ve never met.” This time he looked at Michael. “Or maybe you just want to have fun.” Eli grinned when Blake looked at him. “If that’s the case, you should all quit now. Combat telepathy is about unity. You’ll be sharing your senses and your thoughts to solve problems as a team—ultimately, as one single mind.
“You should have only one reason for being here,” he continued, giving them each a solid, unwavering look. “And that is to shape your telepathy into an impenetrable shield to protect yourselves against enemies once I’m gone.”
Dominic’s face twitched at the words once I’m gone. Michael sensed a jolt of emotion go through him. When Dominic looked down at the floor, Michael became certain something of significance had been said.
“What do you mean, once you’re gone?” Michael said.
Blake pursed his lips in thought as he glanced at each of them.
“I’m an old man. I won’t be around forever and neither will this town, so you must be prepared.”
Blake’s hand flew up to his mouth. The boys looked down in shame as the old man endured a series of rattling, wet coughs.
When he recovered, their training began in full swing.
Chapter 16

They started off with rigorous physical exercises meant to strengthen their core muscles and enhance bodily speed, strength, and agility. That meant sit-ups, calisthenics, climbing trees, and running up and down the mountainside with Dominic shouting insults at them the entire time.
The first few days, the boys vomited, tripped, and collapsed more times than they could count. The cramps were terrible. Michael was in hell. He’d never exercised more than running up and down the stairs in the restaurant on really busy days, carrying boxes of sausage patties and extra large cans of tomato paste. And to do it at 3:00 a.m. each day, when all he wanted was to crawl back into the warmth of his bed and sleep for hours…
“What about telepathy?” he asked Dominic one day, bent over, panting from one of their taxing runs. “I thought this was supposed to be mental training.”
Dominic walked over and flung him onto his back. “Your body is an extension of your mind, idiot. Neglect it, and you’ll be useless in the field. Got it?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Another lap, all of you, for Michael’s ignorance.”

That evening, Michael rode an old bicycle toward Silo Street. The bike was a rusted, wire-thin piece of junk he’d found and fixed in Rudy’s garage, probably a girl’s bike though it was too dirty and rusted to tell for sure. It didn’t seem to matter; compared to what Peter and the others had, he might as well be riding a girl’s bike. 
He was still downtown when a motorcycle engine revved up behind him and grew louder by the second.
Michael looked back to see Ian blazing toward him, his face tipped forward into the wind, eyes narrowed down to slits.
“Oh, shit.”
He tried turning down a side road. Behind him, tires squealed as Ian took the turn at a dangerous speed. The road was narrow and empty, and the buildings around him were dark with disuse. This wasn’t the Hollows, but there were still parts of downtown where the buildings were too unstable to restore.
He pedaled the bicycle like his life depended on it, but Ian’s motorcycle was obviously faster. It took seconds for Ian to pull up beside him. 
The engine drowned Michael’s voice as he tried to ask Ian what the hell he was doing. Ian extended his left leg and veered into Michael’s lane, kicking the front wheel of the bicycle.
Michael struggled to keep steady. Ian kicked again, this time coming so close that Michael could smell the gas fumes. Their shoulders almost touched.
Another kick sent him sprawling. As he tumbled over the uneven pavement, head slamming against the gutter, he saw Ian’s motorcycle roll over the bicycle, warping the wheel and snapping the chain off completely.
“Stay down,” Ian yelled, and killed the engine.
He walked over to Michael, who was still on the ground, and kicked him in the stomach. Michael felt his last meal surge into his throat. The last thing he wanted was to puke in front of Ian.
He gulped it back down. “Come on,” he said. “Let’s talk about this.”
“I don’t give a shit what you have to say.”
Ian was standing over him now, leather jacket trembling in the wind, open to reveal a pistol tucked into the front of his black jeans. His belt buckle was a grinning cow skull made of iron.
Michael clutched his stomach and took a few shuddering breaths.
“This is about Charlotte, isn’t it?”
Ian looked ready to kick him again. Michael curled up.
“I didn’t know she was with you, I swear.”
Ian pointed at him. “You stay away from her.”
“Ian, listen to me,” Michael said, trying to sit up. He glanced at his mangled bicycle and tried to swallow his anger. That bike had taken him a whole afternoon to fix. It didn’t matter, though; what he needed now was a motorcycle. He was going to get one, come hell or high water.
“What could you possibly say?” Ian said. “That she seduced you? That you didn’t want it?” He’d shouted that last part, hands balled into fists. “I don’t care! No one has the right to try and explain anything to me.”
“Nothing happened that night.”
“That’s not the point. If Eli hadn’t stopped you—”
“I’m weak, I’ll admit it,” Michael said, holding up his hands like shields. “I didn’t know she was your girlfriend. I’m an idiot.”
Ian frowned, though the words appeared to calm him down.
“We’re brothers now,” Michael continued. “We weren’t before, but we are now. It’s part of our training. That’s—that’s how we’re going to get through all this, right?”
Ian made a pssht sound and waved dismissively. He looked up the street at nothing.
Michael got to his feet slowly. “I’ll stay away from Charlotte, because you told me to. I had no idea you were with her when it happened. But I will ask you one favor.”
Ian gave him his full attention, more surprised now than angry. “What?”
“Come with me to the garage so we can fix your brakes.”
“Huh?” He was squinting at Michael now with his mouth slightly open.
“Your bike. The brakes are too tight. It’s putting a strain on your engine and the center stand every time you turn the wheel. You’ve probably felt it.”
Ian glanced at his motorcycle, which was leaning on its kickstand. It looked good. He obviously took better care of his than Peter and Eli did theirs.
“Let’s go to the garage. I’ll fix it up.”
“Can you? I don’t know much about brakes.”
Michael nodded. “Consider it my way of apologizing. I’ve never been good at—you know…”
“I know,” Ian said. “I’m the same way.”
There was a moment of awkward silence between them. 
“We’re not riding double,” Ian said.
“Got it,” Michael said. He had already begun to walk.
Chapter 17

Louis Blake took a deep breath before entering the Overseer’s office on the topmost floor of the town hall.
He already knew how many men Meacham had with him: six. Blake was on his own. He figured that was better. If he came with Dominic, it would send the wrong message.
He opened without knocking. They were expecting him.
“Louis,” Meacham said, not getting up from the chair behind his desk. The air was sweet with the sour tang of whiskey. Good whiskey, but there was no bottle in sight.
Warren and Elkin stood against the wall, behind Meacham. Four more of Meacham’s men sat or stood in various spots around the room. They watched Blake with a dangerous sort of boredom in their eyes.
“John,” Blake said, stepping onto the exquisite rug in the center. So many nice things in here, obviously purchased from caravans. But with whose money?
John Meacham winced a little as he spoke. “A few of my boys tell me they see you going up to the slopes every morning at two-thirty. You got something going on up there?”
“Exercise,” Blake said, already feeling a rattling cough trying to claw its way out of his chest.
The men around him laughed.
“Get him,” Elkin said. “Guy can barely breathe, and he’s going to exercise.”
“Hey, have some respect,” Meacham said, and the men were instantly quiet. “You’re talking to a former major, so how about a little decency, huh?” He fixed his eyes on Blake. “We all know about your dark past, Major Blake. You trained boys not much older than my son to be silent killers. Ghosts in the night. As far as I knew, you put those days behind you.”
Blake nodded once, keeping his eyes aligned with Meacham’s. He had no reason to worry. The man couldn’t prove a thing.
With his own challenging look, Meacham sighed and pushed himself out of his chair. “We built this town together, you and I, with our bare hands. Our sweat and blood went into these streets, and we both know I mean that literally. I’m no telepath like you, but every time I look at these villagers, I can tell they feel like a family. They even look at you and your boys like family, despite your condition.” He’d made his way around the desk and was now standing in front of Blake, a few inches shorter but about fifty pounds heavier. In a physical match, without telepathy, Blake would have no chance against this man. “Well? Aren’t we family?”
“You could say that, John. Depends on your definition of family, though. You see, as far as I’m concerned”—Blake sidestepped away from Meacham and began to pace about the room, eyeing all of Meacham’s men as he spoke—“family is about supporting and trusting each other.” He turned to Meacham. “Do you trust me, John?”
Meacham’s face hardened into a smiling mask. “Of course I do, Louis. Why wouldn’t I?”
“Then trust me when I tell you that I’m not your enemy. Whatever I do, I do for the good of this community. I’m sure you can say the same.” He looked Meacham in the eye. “Am I right?”
Meacham tilted his head a little to the left. Blake noticed the man’s neck was red, and then a flash of insight tore through him—that he was about to be hit.
He stepped back, but Meacham was quicker. The punch to his jaw sent Blake staggering backward as if a rope around his neck had yanked him. It wasn’t a hard punch, not enough to break anything, though possibly a tooth had been knocked loose…
He managed to keep himself standing, though his knees were wobbly. Warren and Elkin leaped toward him, took hold of his shoulders, and pushed him down to his knees.
“How dare you question my devotion to this town,” Meacham said, rubbing his sore knuckles. “Every drop of my blood and sweat goes to keeping these people safe. You bring these ment killers into my town. You’re the one who infects us with these ideas of moving east and merging with the NDR, plans with no guarantee of success that could ruin everything we’ve built here. The people are sick of it. You’re just a washed-up soldier, Louis.”
“Get off of me,” Blake told Warren and Elkin. They only tightened their grips. “Get off,” he shouted.
An invisible explosion went off.
Warren and Elkin were thrust back by the force of it. A sound like the building’s walls and roof being blown out over the town, the feeling of intense heat searing their skin. Blake was all too familiar with the effect of this command, how it felt when it caught you off guard. He rose into a standing position.
Meacham was breathing heavily and staring at him, his face a shade paler than before. Warren bared his teeth at Blake and looked ready to spring forward and attack. But he didn’t. He knew better.
“You’re gonna pay for that,” Warren said. It was his favorite threat.
“No,” Meacham said, reaching out to stop him. “Not worth your effort.”
“Son of a bitch,” Warren said, turning toward the window to brood.
Louis Blake stood, watching John Meacham and his men. It had been a long time since he’d used a pusher. It felt good despite the slowly approaching migraine that would plague him all night. Already it was settling its cold weight on his skull.
“I apologize,” Meacham said, rubbing his knuckles. “I was way out of line, and I shouldn’t have hit you.”
Blake scoffed in amusement. “During the war, I once had the enemy tie me up to a wooden pole and whip me for three days straight. They threw their own shit at me so my wounds would get infected. And you know what I did when I finally escaped?”
The men in the room watched him, waiting to hear his next words. It was so quiet, he could hear the wind rustling the leaves outside. Blake reached into his coat and took out his cigarettes and lit one as he spoke. He savored it for a moment. The smoke kissed his lungs like an old lover, and he was glad he’d purchase a carton off the most recent caravan. Ashamed at his own impulsiveness, but glad all the same.
He continued, slowly.
“I came back to their base with a few of my telepathic operatives. We implanted a command into their brains to make them believe they’d been buried alive with nothing more than a walkie-talkie, which was actually a tape recorder. Over the next few days, they gave us a years’ worth of tactical information—hidden bases, planned strikes, everything we needed. 
“When we went back to collect the survivors, we found every single man dead by his own hand. They had sliced their own necks open with rocks so they could die.”
Blake dropped the cigarette onto the carpet and made his way to the door, his footsteps loud against the floorboards. He turned and looked over at the men, smoke blooming from his mouth as he addressed them.
“You men aren’t my enemy. But you come after me or any of my boys, and we’ll just have to see how fast that changes. Enjoy the rest of your Scotch.”
He closed the door softly behind him.
Chapter 18

The candle threw soft light over the two naked figures lying on the bed.
Charlotte lay half on top of Ian Meacham, breathing softly and tracing a fingertip along his chest. Ian lay on his back, breathing hard and staring up at the ceiling. They were both covered in sweat, and the windows had become foggy from their heated bodies. 
“Did you like it?” she said.
Ian spoke without taking his eyes off the ceiling. “I don’t know. Did you like doing it with Michael?”
“We talked about this. Your father wanted me to get close to him.”
“Is that what ‘close’ means to you? Sleeping with him?”
“I didn’t sleep with him. I told you that five times.”
“You were going to. It’s the same thing.”
Charlotte got off the bed, breasts swishing from side to side. Ian didn’t like their heaviness. They reminded him of William, with his twisted foot, and how Charlotte had once nursed him in public like the other mothers in town, inspiring the strangest sexual fantasies he had ever experienced in his youth. 
“Tell me about the sex,” Charlotte said. “How was I?”
“It was weird. I still knew it was you the whole time.”
“Of course you did, because I told you I’d be—”
“No.” He sat up and looked over her naked body. She didn’t cover herself. It was like she didn’t even notice she was naked, or she didn’t care. “It was something else. You were still aggressive. Like you always are.”
“Hmm.” Charlotte looked away, her lips gathering into a pensive pout. “Want to try it again?”
Ian lifted one eyebrow at her. “Now? I don’t even know why I’m helping you with this.”
“Because you can’t resist me.”
He shook his head.
“Who do you want me to be this time?” Charlotte said.
Ian’s eyes narrowed as he thought about it. He had to admit, helping Charlotte practice for whatever this was—it had its benefits. And it was better than being cut off from sex completely like she had threatened.
“Be Rachel,” he said. “The redhead who works at the bakery. And I want you to knock on the door and come in like you’re bringing me a muffin, or something like that. Just to see how convincing you are.”
Charlotte made a tsk sound with her tongue. “You’re disgusting, you know that? She’s old enough to be your mother.”
She started toward the door, buttocks trembling with each step, a sight that got him back into the mood.
“Why are you practicing this, anyway?” he said.
Charlotte glanced at him over her shoulder and shook her hips suggestively. “Are you complaining?”
“No, I just—never mind.”
“That’s more like it.”
Ian lay back and watched. He admired Charlotte’s body as she made her way to the door. He admired it even more as it began to change shape and color before his eyes.
“Incredible,” he whispered.
Chapter 19

A brutal winter came to the mountains. 
Icicles formed on the buildings of Gulch and the air became like sandpaper. People trudged along the streets, holding their jackets tight and puffing out steam that quickly dissipated. Only the children enjoyed the snow; they built snowmen and had snowball fights while their parents counted how much firewood they had for the day.
The Cold War Café became the warm, beating heart of Gulch, offering hot chocolate (for an extravagant price due to its limited supply) and cookies shaped like Christmas trees and Santa Claus. Michael finally learned what Christmas was, though he didn’t take part in the celebrations. They were too foreign to him, and the religious aspect unsettled him because the only gods he’d ever known were Harris Kole and his father, Harold Targin Kole. 
The jukebox played old Christmas tunes by Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley and other long-dead, prewar singers. The atmosphere was jovial and engaging, and the booths were almost always filled. Arielle treated Michael with a detached sort of friendliness obviously stemming from the awkwardness caused by Charlotte’s nocturnal visit. He tried not to imagine what Arielle thought of him.
Blake and Dominic’s training sessions became even more rigorous as the boys were forced to go out into the snow, often without jackets.
“For the next few weeks,” Blake said one day, as they stood in the snowy, pre-morning darkness surrounded by forest and mountains, “we’ll be learning meditation techniques that will help you to suppress pain, adjust your body’s rate of metabolism, and enhance your senses by borrowing those of the people around you.”
The meditation sessions were long and rigorous and very cold. Part of learning combat telepathy was owning your own body and mind so completely that you could ignore distractions like pain and physical discomfort. But, more than once, threatened by hypothermia, the boys had to move indoors by the fire.
Their training with pistols was much more exciting. Reggie turned his clothing store into an obstacle course four days a week and set up spring-loaded cardboard cutouts of tattooed slavers and cannibals with sharpened teeth for the boys to shoot with BB pistols. He taught them different formations they could use to storm a raider camp or a slaver base. Reggie’s training sessions were exciting and went by quickly.
Unless Dominic was there.
“Now try shooting those targets,” he told them one day with a grin across his face.
The training became doubly difficult as Dominic used telepathy to cloud the boys’ senses and disorient them. They had to practice getting into formation without saying a word, which required communicating with each other via telepathy while blocking Dominic’s subtle attacks.
The hardest part was keeping Dominic from overhearing their mental speech. 
This is ridiculous, Michael told Peter one day, without opening his mouth.
You’re telling me. Dominic’s a real—
A real what? Dominic broke in. Two extra laps up the mountainside tomorrow, Rivers. And you too, Cairne.
Shit, Peter sent. Sorry, Mike.
It’s okay. Dumbass.

Twice a week they played poker under the observatory’s dome.
It was part of their training, though they liked to think of it as something they did for fun. Dominic supervised them, so of course it wasn’t much fun at all. He mostly yelled at them. They played with painted wooden chips on a table that had been left on the second floor of the observatory. It was cold and drafty up there. The boys stuffed themselves into their warmest jackets and boots and set themselves to the task of cleaning each other out. 
But the point of the game was not really to gamble money. It was to learn a special sort of telepathy that Blake called “empathic reception,” a passive ability that allowed one person to pick up on subtle shifts in another person’s emotional state. Sometimes they played with masks to hide their faces, making it all the more difficult to read each other.
On a cold Tuesday morning, Dominic hit them with a special surprise.
“You’ll have a guest instructor one day a week. I expect you boys will keep the cursing to a minimum while she’s around.”
She?
“We’re always gentlemen,” Eli said, lifting his arms in protest. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Yeah,” Peter said, “what are you trying to say, Dom?”
Ignoring the others, Michael turned to face the doorway. He had a sense—maybe telepathic, maybe not—that he knew exactly who was about to walk in.
The door creaked open to reveal a bundled-up Arielle in a brown coat with pink mittens and boots. Her face was rosy from the cold air outside. It made her hair look as yellow as corn.
“Hi, boys,” she said with a wave.
The boys were too stunned to do anything but nod and murmur. Since when was Arielle one of their trainers?
She turned out to be just as scrutinizing and demanding as Blake and Dominic. Michael now understood how she’d been able to start and manage the town’s most popular business. Arielle was more than just headstrong and independent—she believed she was better than everyone else.
She’s a snob, Michael sent to Peter. He blocked it so Arielle wouldn’t hear him.
Focus on the game, Peter sent back.
Right. Wouldn’t want to insult your girlfriend.
She’s not my girlfriend anymore, not since she caught me making out with Samantha, that chick who lives on Radium Road. I didn’t tell you about that?
No. I didn’t know you two had broken up.
Well, don’t get any ideas. She won’t be anyone else’s girlfriend while I’m around.
Or because she’s too stuck up to lower herself to guys like us.
Speak for yourself.
“Imagine that you’re synchronizing your heartbeats,” Arielle explained to them. “Try and tune into the emotional states of your opponents. Feel what they’re feeling, and you’ll be able to sense when they have a good hand.”
Eli broke out into chuckles. “Michael keeps rubbing his boot against my leg. I think he misunderstood the instructions.”
“Shut up,” Michael said, his cheeks coloring. “I was not.”
Arielle shot them a serious look. “Both of you, focus.”
Usually, when Arielle was with the boys on poker night, Dominic left them alone. No one knew where he went; they just assumed he was taking a much-needed break. The training often seemed as stressful on him as it was on them. One night, he came in and watched them for an hour, said nothing, got up and left. Michael later found out the reason; Dominic had a habit of taking midnight jogs. Maybe he just couldn’t sleep?
After enough training sessions with Arielle, the boys began to notice changes in their environmental awareness. They learned to sense when an opponent was lying, when his heartbeat had quickened in a risky situation or had calmed under the assurance of a safe bet. The stakes rose each week.
And every session, during the games, Arielle would pace the room and tune in to their emotional wavelengths. Michael could feel her digging around inside of him. He watched her sometimes, and his tumultuous feelings often overrode his responses to the cards or chips in front of him. In truth, he cared very little how much money he won or lost. But it meant the world to him when she was impressed.
“Damn this game to hell,” Peter said one night, as Michael collected everyone’s chips. He’d been on a winning streak lately. “How is he doing that?”
Michael shrugged, avoiding Arielle’s eyes. He could sense her knowing look, and maybe a hint of a smile.

It was only a matter of time before their training was discovered.
Winter turned into a damp, cool spring. Blake and Dominic moved most of their sessions into the Hollows, where the abandoned buildings offered possibilities for urban tactical training.
“As I’ve said before,” Blake told them, “combat telepathy is mostly defensive, and involves heavy use of telepathic communication and coordination.”
They were all squatting on the roof of an old office building. Down below, the streets were empty and cracked, with nothing moving over them but the wind and occasional flurries of trash.
“This part of your training will be competitive. You’ll partner up and use everything you’ve learned so far to succeed in your mission”—he held up two flags, one red and one blue—“which is to obtain these.” 
The game was called “Capture the Flag.” Michael had never heard of it, but he got the gist of how it was played when Blake explained how it would help them advance in their abilities.
The goal was for each pair to cross an invisible line—in this case, a street bisecting the Hollows—to find and capture their opponent’s flag and bring it back to their side. They had to do this without being seen, or “tagged,” as it was called. 
The pairs switched each week; sometimes Michael worked with Peter, sometimes with Eli, rarely with Ian. Blake’s decisions were based partly on personality types; Ian and Michael were more introverted than Peter and Eli, which affected the way they communicated. Combat telepathy, he told them over and over, was about balance. Eli was bigger and less stealthy, though his ability was strong when it came to sensing an opponent’s location. This made him a good fit with Ian, who was fast and capable of using an illusory technique known as a “decoy.” He could fool a person’s senses, making them believe they were seeing him in one location when he was actually in another. Peter was a natural athlete and could get from one location to another quickly while blocking an opponent’s telepathic radar. His position was one of support, mostly, though he was also the best of the group when it came to recognizing and communicating details about the environment that could provide hidden advantages. Blake called it “scoping the field.”
Michael’s talent was more difficult to identify. He could do what Peter, Eli, and Ian could do, but not nearly as well. He was clumsy and often tripped while getting into position for a raid; his communication skills were decent, but he had a tendency to go quiet—Blake called it “going dark”—which happened when he was thinking intently about what to do next instead of following his intuition, as Blake recommended he do. Intuition was everything, but it took training to maximize its benefits on the battlefield.
The first few times they played, Michael got tagged more often than anyone else, even Eli, who by virtue of his size should have been the easiest to spot.
“Son of a bitch,” Michael cursed often. 
Your emotions will give the enemy an advantage, Blake sent to him as they played. They’ll smell it on you. 
Michael tried his best. Arielle would be great at this game, with her ability to sense a person’s emotional state from long distances and identify exactly who they were. He, on the other hand, was not great—or even good—at Capture the Flag. 
One day, during an exhausting session, he got fed up and pulled Peter aside. 
We need a decoy, he sent to Peter, as they hunkered in the shadows behind a building at the edge of the Hollows. They had twelve minutes to capture Ian and Eli’s flag and bring it back.
Like one of Ian’s decoys? Peter sent.
No. They’ll be ready for that. I mean something else, something we haven’t used before. Follow my lead.
I hope you know what you’re doing.
Peter followed Michael to a building overlooking the parking lot where Eli stood alone defending the flag. As long as you were in your safe zone, you couldn’t be tagged. Ian was most likely on the prowl, looking to sniff them out so he could tag them and win the round.
I can’t block them much longer, Peter sent. Ian’s nearby.
Keep blocking him. I have a plan.
Michael mustered all of his concentration—eyes shut, with his fingers pressing against his temples—and projected the sound of a child crying.
It wasn’t a real child, of course, but Eli didn’t know that.
For all Eli knew, the sound was coming from one street over; the hideous wailing of a child in a hellish amount of pain. It took on a life of its own, and even frightened Michael a little. 
He’d heard a child cry like that back in the People’s Republic, when FSD agents had been stuffing a family into a van to be carted off to a labor camp. They had covered the mother and father’s heads in black hoods, leaving the two children alone on the street. 
The kids, a boy and a girl no older than six, had been left behind by the van, screaming and crying, a punishment to their parents for breaking Federal Law. Eventually, two women arrived to take them somewhere safe, probably one of the State-run orphanages where children were conditioned to love Harris Kole and the People’s Republic and become soldiers and Line guards devoted to their duties.
Michael would never forget the way those children had howled that day, like their arms and legs were being broken. That pitiful wailing was exactly the sound he reproduced. 
He knew what he was doing. Eli wouldn’t be able to ignore the sound of someone in danger, especially a child. Ian probably could, and maybe Peter, but Eli just wasn’t wired that way. He fled the parking lot in search of the child, leaving the flag unguarded.
Go now, Michael sent.
Peter was off in a flash. Michael was impressed at how quickly he used the grappling rope to climb down the side of the building. Michael climbed down after him, and together they ran laughing back to home base, the red flag in their possession.
They found Ian waiting for them, standing with his boot crushing their blue flag. He could have taken it to his own side, and the game might have been a tie. But he hadn’t. Something was wrong.
“We made it,” Michael said in response to Ian’s crossed arms and heated gaze. “Safe zone, bitch.”
Ian was scowling at them, obviously upset over something other than losing.
“What’s the matter?” Peter said. “You gonna cry? Oh, you gonna cry like a little bitch?”
When Ian spoke, his voice sent a chill down Michael’s spine.
“Who did it?”
“Did what?” Michael said.
“The child. Who created the illusion?”
Michael stepped forward, proud of his accomplishment, but uneasy with Ian’s tone of voice, and the disgusted way he was stepping on their flag.
“I did,” Michael said.
“You didn’t contain it.”
Michael closed his eyes and let his head tip forward in shame. Containment was an essential part of crafting an illusion; otherwise it could attract enemies that weren’t threats before.
“You’re right,” was all Michael could say. 
When they found Eli, he was already being arrested by Warren and Elkin and two other men. They had to force the bigger boy onto his stomach and restrain his arms and legs.
“Get the hell offa me,” Eli was shouting, trying to wrestle himself free.
Warren was grinning. The grin widened as Michael, Peter, and Eli came around the corner.
“You followed us,” Michael said.
Warren was clearly holding back laughter. “Oh, you boys really done it this time. The entire town heard it. Not just us, but everybody.”
Elkin snorted laughter and kicked Eli in the side. “Stop squirming, fat boy.”
The use of telepathy in any capacity within the town’s boundaries was illegal. The only exceptions were self-defense, or if you had a permit like the one Arielle had for administering therapy. It was Gulch law. John Meacham had written it himself. 
“It was me,” Michael said. “We were playing a game, and I used it. We were just messing around.”
“Bulldangles,” Warren said. “You boys are coming with me. Any resistance”—next to him, a broad-shouldered, mean-looking farmer pulled out a revolver—“and I can shoot you for obstructing arrest.”
Michael looked at Peter and Ian. They nodded and went along, Eli cursing and muttering as he was led forward in handcuffs.
“A crying kid,” Eli said. “Nice one, Mike.”
“Sorry,” Michael said.
Later, John Meacham drove down in his truck to meet them in front of the town hall.
“Ian, you and your friends really screwed up,” he said, glaring at his son as he searched for the right key on his key ring to open the front door. When he put his hand on the doorknob, he realized it was unlocked. “What the hell?” he said as he pushed the door open.
Louis Blake was waiting for them inside.
“Louis, you better explain to me right now how you got a key to this building,” Meacham said as his men pushed Eli and the other boys inside, pistols out and ready. 
“You caught me,” Blake said, and put his hands up. “I’m invoking amendment fourteen—”
“Bull shit you are,” Meacham said.
“It’s my right.”
Blake glanced over at Michael, Peter, Eli, and Ian, a hint of amusement in his eyes.
“Under amendment fourteen, I can take full responsibility for what just happened. Release the boys now. Take me instead.”
The strain on Meacham’s face was almost comical. His skin had gone hot pink, and a dozen lines formed around his eyes as he frowned at Blake.
“One of these days, Louis…”
“Let them go.”
The penalty for using telepathy without a permit was sixty days in jail. Blake’s trial would be in three days. Until then, he would be under house arrest.
He didn’t seem to mind.
Chapter 20

“But they can’t do this,” Michael said, pacing back and forth in the living room. 
Peter, Eli, Ian, and Arielle all sat on the couches, brooding. Ian seemed to be in a darker mood than the others. The boys hadn’t changed out of their clothes and still smelled like sweat and pavement from their game in the Hollows.
“I mean, what right does he have?” Michael continued.
“It’s the law,” Peter said. “We’ve got those here. You didn’t know?”
“Sure I did. Harris Kole had his laws, too,” Michael said, stopping mid-pace to give Peter his most disgusted look. “Anyone caught expressing dissatisfaction with the regime ended up in a labor camp, their families branded as dissenters. All you had to do was say, ‘This sucks,’ and they would make you disappear.” He snapped his fingers. “Just like that. And people accepted it. Why? Because it was the law.”
Peter looked down at his hands and kept quiet.
“There’s nothing we can do,” Eli said, hunched over his knees, rubbing the sore spots on his wrists. The handcuffs had left welts.
“What about the trial?” Michael said. “There’s gotta be someone who can defend him.”
“He confessed, Michael,” Arielle said. “He’ll spend sixty days in jail. It’s happened to him before. As long as they give him his cigarettes, he won’t even make a fuss.”
Michael’s mind was in overdrive. He kept thinking about something Dominic had said in the town hall that day after the bandit attack.
“What about those women?” He had stopped pacing and was addressing the group now, feeling slightly ridiculous as a result. But they were listening.
“What women?” Ian said. “What are you talking about?”
“The ones that were kidnapped five years ago.”
“Fran Baker, Rocio Martinez, and Sally Woodhouse,” Arielle said.
Michael nodded. “Dominic thinks they might still be alive in a slaver settlement southeast of here.”
Ian stood from his seat, glaring at Michael. “No one knows what happened to them.”
“Yes, we do,” Arielle said, also standing. “They got sent to Praetoria. It’s where all slave women end up in these parts, especially the pretty ones.”
“Because of the whorehouses,” Eli said. Arielle winced at the term.
“We don’t know they’re alive,” Peter said.
“But we can find out,” Michael said. He looked at Arielle. “That’s your talent, right? You can sense a person’s emotional signature. Dominic can do it, too. It’s how he managed to find me in New Sancta. But you’re an empath. You’re better at it than he is.”
Peter rose off the couch, slowly, eyeing Michael like he wanted to strangle him.
“Don’t even think about taking her out of here,” Peter said.
The others were silent, watching him. Peter was never this serious. Michael chose his next words carefully.
“We’re well-trained. We could get close enough to at least see if they’re in there.”
“And why would we do that?” Peter said.
“Because if those women are alive and in Praetoria, then I know how we could bring telepathic training back to Gulch.”
“You lost me,” Peter said.
Arielle watched Michael, realization dawning on her face. “You’re crazy,” she said.
“If there’s one thing I learned about living in the People’s Republic,” Michael said, “it’s that people care about their own safety more than anything else. You can take away their rights, threaten them, beat them in public—but as long as they’re more afraid of the enemy, they’ll follow you without question.”
Peter and the rest were listening intently now. Even Ian was listening, despite his deepening frown. Michael let the words come out of him, each idea fully formed. He’d never been able to speak his mind like this back home. Language like this destroyed families where he was from.
“What’s the scariest thing out here in the Eastlands?” he asked the group.
“Slavers,” Arielle said.
“Right. And there’s only one thing that can keep this town safe from them. We just have to prove it.”
“And what thing is that?” Peter said, squinting at Michael like he dared him to say what he was thinking.
Michael smiled, despite his growing unease with the idea. It would mean risking everything he cared for, including his life.
“Us,” he said.
Chapter 21

They spent the next day planning. 
The scouting trip had to happen before Blake’s trial, and it couldn’t be in daylight. The fact that Arielle was going with them added a sense of urgency. There were times when Michael wondered if he should just call it off, let Blake sit in jail, and hope they could continue their training some other way.
When he told Arielle this, she set him straight.
“You started this, Michael, and you’re going to finish it. I’ll go by myself if I have to, and then you’ll be forced to come anyway, since I know you wouldn’t let me risk my life alone.”
She had a point. 
The night they were set to leave, Michael unveiled his creation for the first time. 
Inside Rudy’s garage, he pulled back the dirty sheet he’d used to cover it. Everyone’s mouth opened in awe, except Michael’s. He was smiling.
“A dual-sport S13 Roadweaver,” Peter said, studying the motorcycle. “V-twin engine?”
Michael shook his head. “In-line three cylinder. Liquid-cooled. 12-valve.”
Peter whistled. “I’ll be damned. Thing must weigh over four hundred pounds.”
“Four hundred and fifty,” Michael said. “Give or take. I don’t really have a scale.”
Ian approached the bike and touched its leather seat in silence, almost like he was touching a holy relic. Eli ran his big hands over its freshly-painted and waxed frame. 
“Shiny,” he said, dazzled. 
Spray-painted black all over, it gleamed under the overhead lights as if it were brand new.
Ian stepped back. “You build it yourself, or Rudy help you?”
“I did most of it,” Michael said with a shrug. “Rudy helped me out with the wiring and the brakes.”
Arielle came up to stand beside Michael. “Where did you get the parts?”
“Scavenging, mostly. But Rudy’s been collecting parts off caravans for years. I guess he dreamed of building one someday, but never got around to it. I promised him sixty hours of unpaid overtime in exchange.”
Arielle crossed her arms over her chest and shivered. “So who’s taking me?”
Peter and Eli put up their hands, Peter with a wide grin on his face. Ian shook his head.
“Whichever bike you feel is most comfortable,” Michael told her.
She gave him a shy smile. “Just be careful, okay?”

They drove under the cover of darkness, using telepathy to sense anyone nearby, guns loaded and ready to fire, placed in holsters attached to their motorcycles. The roaring of the engines was a good thing; anyone crazy enough to take four motorcycles out here in the dark had to be packing serious heat. People probably thought they were raiders. 
The journey felt shorter than it was, mostly because the desolate landscape was unlike anything Michael had ever seen. Their headlights washed over abandoned gas stations, collapsed highways, entire towns with not a single soul inside, tiny camps in the middle of vast fields that were probably bandits taking shelter for the night. It was terrifying to see it all come to this.
Their destination was a city called Praetoria, two hours southeast of Gulch. The place hadn’t really been a city in a long time. It was in ruins, and all they could see of it in the distance were its pale bones and a broken highway. Lights burned in the city’s center, where the men and women who called themselves Praetorians lived, probably in squalor.
“Roman still running the place?” Eli said as they walked their bikes into a patch of wiry bushes behind a tattered billboard.
“That’s what they say,” Ian said.
“Who’s Roman?” Arielle said.
Michael half-listened to their conversation. He recalled the way Arielle’s arms had felt around his waist during the ride. At one point, after passing a toppled baby carriage that was little more than a rusted frame, she had tightened her hold on him.
“He’s a slaver,” Peter said. “One of the worst within a four-hundred-mile radius. He named this place Praetoria and started his own society. If you ask me, it’s only a matter of time before he gets enough manpower and resources to start scouring the mountains for additional stock.”
“That’s why no one asks you,” Ian said.
“Yeah, Pete,” Eli said, and his voice trembled. “Ease up on the theories.”
“I don’t like this conversation,” Arielle said, turning away from them.
Michael lightly placed a hand on the small of her back. “Are you ready?”
A fierce wind blew over them, carrying with it the foul stench of rot and decay. Arielle shivered. 
“I’m ready.”
They formed a protective ring around her as she sat on the barren ground, closed her eyes, and extended her telepathic reach into the heart of Praetoria.
After a few minutes of silence in which only the wind could be heard rustling the bushes around them, Arielle emerged from her trance with a twitch of her head and a sudden, sharp intake of breath.
“They’re in there. All three of them. I could feel them.”
Grim expressions came over the boys. Now there was no turning back.
Chapter 22

After lunch at the Cold War Café, those in support of Louis Blake walked as a single group to the town hall to witness his trial. Midas Ford trailed behind most of the way, looking down at the ground and scratching his beard like a man who had just woken from a mysterious dream. Dominic walked ahead of them, fists swinging at his sides. Reggie and Arielle followed along, deep in their own conversation.
Michael, Eli, Peter, and Ian kept silent the entire trip, and it was clear to Michael that everyone was having second thoughts. There was no guaranteeing the people of Gulch would believe them about Fran, Rocio, and Sally still being alive. Providing an explanation of how they knew would be another matter altogether.
Inside the town hall, the ministers sat on raised benches, blinking over the crowd filing into the room. The air was humid, and Michael could smell fresh sweat from the farmers in attendance. A podium stood at the far end of the room where John Meacham presided over the trial with his usual air of superiority. Louis Blake sat handcuffed in the front row, between Warren and Elkin.
The boys stood against the back wall. At one point, Michael noticed John Meacham look over and frown upon seeing Ian with them. Ian stood his ground, met his father’s gaze, and held it without faltering until finally John Meacham turned away to converse with his ministers.
Charlotte came in holding her son’s hand, accompanied by a small group of women. William grinned at Michael and waved, almost tripping over his clubfoot. Michael waved back, feeling a surge of affection for the boy. Over the past few months, they had grown close, and Michael saw in William a reflection of his own lonely childhood. Also, something about the boy—maybe his child-like innocence—reminded him of Benny.
Arielle took a seat among the crowd. She looked back over her shoulder and gave Michael a reassuring smile. Her hair was tied back in a ponytail and her cheeks were flushed from the heat. Michael ached to be near her.
“Quit staring,” Peter told him with a smirk.
Michael clicked his tongue and looked away, then caught sight of Charlotte walking toward them. He avoided her gaze.
“She got back late last night,” Charlotte said, stopping before them. “I don’t know where you went or what you did, but I’ve never seen her this anxious. I’m warning you not to do it again.”
“Jealous, Charlotte?” Peter said with an arrogant smile. “Don’t worry, we wouldn’t have a party without you.”
“Arielle’s fine,” Ian said. “This isn’t your problem.”
“Piss off, Ian.” Charlotte folded her arms across her chest.
Ian brought his face close to hers and practically spit out his next words.
“Go away, Charlotte. This has nothing to do with you.”
Michael clamped a hand around Ian’s arm. “Relax. We shouldn’t make a scene right now.”
Charlotte flashed Ian and Michael a threatening look before turning back toward the seating area. Michael frowned at something he’d seen in her face.
“Charlotte.”
She turned back to him. Her eyes were a misty blue, the same color as Arielle’s.
“What now?” she said.
As Michael studied her face, she blinked and the blue changed back to its usual brown. He must have been going out of his mind.
“Nothing,” he said.
Charlotte turned away with a sigh. Michael watched her settle into a seat next to William.
Peter glanced at him. “What the hell was that all about?”
“I don’t know,” Michael said, wilting against the wall.
The verdict came out guilty and Blake was sentenced to sixty days in the town jail. His permit to train anyone—telepath or not—was revoked. Permanently.
The ministers had deliberated for ten minutes in the back room, giving everyone a chance to get refreshments and use the bathroom. Blake chain-smoked three cigarettes in silence.
When the ministers came back and announced the verdict, half the people in the room clapped and cheered. The other half shook their heads and traded solemn looks.
Michael used this opportunity to make his announcement.
“Everyone, listen up,” he shouted.
They all turned to look at him, many blinking in confusion like they’d never seen him before. John Meacham scowled and banged his fist against the podium.
“You have no say in this hall, Michael Cairne. Don’t make me tell you again.”
Michael felt small with everyone’s eyes on him. Peter, Eli, and Ian stepped forward, flanking him. It was easier to speak knowing they were there.
“It’s about Fran,” he started, “and Rocio, and Sally. We know where they are, and we can help them.”
With a growl, Meacham banged his fist again. “Warren, Elkin, get them out of here.”
“You will do no such thing,” Midas Ford shouted, standing up among the crowd. “Everyone has a voice in this hall, including Michael. We’ll listen to what he has to say.”
By now John Meacham’s face was red with rage. Louis Blake had stood up and was giving the boys a disconcerted look. He wasn’t going to like this. Not at all.
“Let him speak,” a man in the audience said.
“Sally’s my cousin,” a woman shouted. “I want to hear what he has to say.”
“We’re listening!”
“Let’s hear him out!”
“Tell us what you know!”
Meacham removed a gavel from inside the podium and banged it against the wood. It took ten knocks to get everyone to quiet down.
“We don’t even know they’re alive,” Meacham said.
Arielle stood up from her place in the crowd. “Yes, we do.”
Meacham looked at her, stunned. “Arielle, what do you have to do with this?”
“I know they’re alive. They’re in Praetoria. I sensed them.”
Michael didn’t expect what came next. Louis Blake, still in handcuffs, ran to the central aisle. Warren and Elkin rushed to restrain him.
“That’s impossible,” Blake said, gawking at Arielle. “How did you pinpoint—”
“I had therapy sessions with them for years. I know their minds well.”
Blake resisted as Warren and Elkin tried to pull him away. “You would’ve had to be a few miles outside of—” He didn’t finish the thought but looked at Michael and the other boys instead. “You took her out of Gulch? What’s the matter with you?”
John Meacham’s rage had been replaced by amusement. He watched his men drag Blake toward a side door. 
“Don’t do it,” Blake shouted at the boys. “You’re not ready!”
Dominic grabbed Michael’s shirt and spun him around. “What the hell did you do?”
“Well, well,” Meacham said from his podium. “Another crime to add to the books.”
Michael worked his way out of Dominic’s grasp. He shouted into the commotion.
“Everybody just hold on a second.”
Arrows flew invisibly from his mind, showering the crowd in a way Michael felt more than saw. For a moment, no one moved.
He swallowed his nervousness and tried to sound confident. “We took our motorcycles outside Praetoria with her consent. We used telepathy to stay undercover. It was safe, and we were careful and armed. Now that we know where those women are, we can get them and bring them back. You should all know that our telepathic training is for the protection of Gulch and nothing more.”
The room was silent except for the creaking of chairs. John Meacham leaned over the podium, arms resting over its edge like he wanted to climb over it and beat Michael’s face in.
“Michael Cairne,” he said. “Last time I checked, you were a mass murderer. You wiped out an entire city block a few nights before you were brought here—”
“Enough!”
The plea had come from Louis Blake, who was still standing by the exit, Warren and Elkin restraining him on either side.
“We all know the circumstances of Michael’s arrival in Gulch,” Blake continued, “and we know it wasn’t his fault. The issue at hand is one of legality. These boys are not yet eighteen, and therefore they aren’t allowed to leave town. Period. You made that law yourself, John.”
Meacham puffed up his shoulders and smiled. “All of a sudden, you’re respecting the law, huh, Louis?”
Blake bared his teeth. He was about to speak when a sudden coughing spell took hold of him. Warren and Elkin let go, letting him fall to his knees.
“They”—cough—“can’t”—cough, cough—“do this.”
Midas Ford rushed to his side. “He needs medical help.”
“Not happening,” Meacham countered. “The verdict has been decided. He goes straight to jail. You can tend to him there.”
Michael caught Dominic glaring at him. Had this been a bad idea after all?
Peter put his hand on Michael’s shoulder. “Just so you know, we’re with you on this. No matter what anyone says. You decide.”
“We’re going,” Michael announced to the crowd.
Dominic closed his eyes and shook his head in disappointment.
A booming voice filled the room, suddenly upbeat and optimistic.
“You boys have my permission,”’ John Meacham said. “Hell, I’ll loan you one of my trucks. I’ll even let the major go free when you get back. If you make it back.”
He grinned as if he’d just done the town a tremendous service.
Blake’s voice entered Michael’s mind. Michael was sure the other boys could hear the old man, too.
Don’t do this. You don’t know what you’re walking into. You’ll die.
Michael clenched his teeth against a brutal wave of fear and uncertainty. 
It’s done, he sent back. These people need to know we’re here to help.
That’s not important.
Another voice joined the conversation.
Yes it is, Dominic sent. And I’m going with them.
Blake said nothing more as they dragged him off to jail. 
~

Continued in ASCENDANT
Purchase the entire novel at your local eBook retailer, or email me at richard.denoncourt@gmail.com to receive (and review) a free copy.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Richard Denoncourt is the author of horror, fantasy, and science fiction. He studied English literature and philosophy at Colgate University, after which he received an MFA in creative writing from The New School. He lives in New Hampshire.

Sign up here to join my newsletter. You’ll get another of my novels for free, as well as hear about new releases. Thanks again for your support!

Contact the Author at
http://www.rdenoncourt.com/


