Harvesting Paradise
Gary Whitmore
Copyright By Gary Whitmore 2013

Smashwords Edition

This story is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to events or places or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Pregnant Woman Image courtesy of Paul Gooddy at FreeDigitalPhotos.net

Robber Image courtesy of chanpipat at FreeDigitalPhotos.net



Prologue

It’s July 18th 1956 in Waterford, Georgia located between Columbus and Atlanta.
It was an extremely sad afternoon in one of the three viewing rooms at the Delaney Funeral.  
At the end of the room was a casket with potted flowers on the floor.  

Inside the casket laid Erica Conner a twenty-two year old mother and wife to Jesse Conner.  Erica looked so peaceful in her light blue dress.  

The sounds of young women blowing their noses were heard at the other end of the room.  Some of these women were high school friends of Erica and couldn’t believe her life ended so soon.
One of the women walked up to the casket.  She glanced down at Erica.  The woman got teary-eyed while she glanced down at Erica.  She remembered Erica as a sweet teenage girl that would baby-sit her six-year-old daughter.   The woman walked away blowing her nose into a handkerchief.  She still remembers how happy Erica was the day she gave birth to her only son.
At the other end of the room by the doors sat Jesse Conner who was Erica’s husband of three years.  Jesse was a blue-eyed twenty-four year old, muscular man and sported a black crew cut.  One trademark with Jesse was that he loved to wear brown snake skinned boots.   He wore them with his black suit for his wife’s funeral.  
But today, Jesse also sported a large goose egg on the left side of his forehead, which was the result of a confrontation where he lost.  The confrontation was with an intruder in their home three nights ago that took away Erica’s young life.  
Jesse just stared at the casket and appeared to be distraught.  
Two chairs down from Jesse sat his blue-eyed three-year-old son Ernie in his black suit.
Ernie looked around at everybody and was a little confused.  He was confused as to why his mother was sleeping inside that wooden box.  He wanted her to come out.  He wanted to know why people would walk over and look at his sleeping mom.  

Fifteens minutes had passed and the room was thinning out with people.
Matt Conner and his wife Wilma, both in their fifties, entered the room and walked over to Jesse.   Matt was a muscular man of intimidating size with a buzz haircut.
“Son, we’re heading over to the cemetery,” Matt said while he placed a comforting hand on Jesse’s shoulder.  
Wilma’s eyes welled up while she took one last glance at Erica in the casket. 
“Okay,” Jesse replied while he continued to stare at the casket.
Matt and Wilma left the room.
Jesse stood up when Judge Buford Peabody and wife Cindy, also in their fifties, entered the room.   They walked over and took one last glance at their daughter in the casket.   
Cindy’s eyes filled with tears while she looked at Erica.  She remembered the day Erica was born like it was yesterday, and now her only daughter is dead.  Cindy got weak in the knees and started to drop to the floor.  Judge Peabody sensed this and grabbed her right arm and kept on her feet.
Judge Peabody thought it would be best to get Cindy out of the room.  
He walked her back to Jesse.
“I know your dad will catch the guy and I’ll make sure he gets what he deserves,” Judge Peabody said and he looked furious.
“I know he will,” Jesse replied and looked like something troubled him so he avoided looking at Erica’s casket.
“We’re heading out to the cemetery,” Judge Peabody said then he walked Cindy out of the room.
Ernie got out of his chair and walked toward the casket.  
Jesse just stared at the other end of the room still avoiding eye contact with Erica’s casket.
Ernie climbed up on a chair in the front row by the casket.  He stared at Erica. 
“Wake up mommy.   Please wake up,” Ernie pleaded with his dead mother.
Jesse looked perturbed with Ernie.  He walked down to the casket.
Ernie glanced at Jesse with teary eyes.
“Mommy won’t wake up.  Why won’t mommy wake up?  I want her to play with me,” Ernie asked while tears rained down his small cheeks.
Jesse looked mad.  He grabbed Ernie’s left arm and yanked him off the chair and almost pulled his tender arm out of its socket. 
Ernie cringed in pain when his feet landed on the floor.  He started crying while he held his left arm.
Jesse glared down at Ernie.
“She’s not getting up.  So quit crying, or I'll give you a damn good reason to cry,” Jesse said through gritted teeth and glaring eyes.
Ernie got scared with Jesse's glaring eyes.  He peed his pants.
Jesse saw the wet stain in Ernie's pants and got furious.  He started removing his belt.
Ernie shook in fear knowing what this meant.
Beth Whitfield was a drop dead gorgeous stacked twenty-one year old blond with an hourglass figure and soft brown eyes.  She entered the room and saw Jesse with his belt in his right hand.  She frowned and stormed over to him. 
She smacked Jesse hard on his cheek.  “You will do no such thing!  Not today!” she scolded Jesse.
“Beth, I need to make a man out of him and peeing your pants is not conducive of being a man,” Jesse replied and looked determined to give Ernie a whopping.
“Jesse, he's only three years old!  I will not let you treat him like the way dad treated my brothers.  I will not!” Beth replied in a raised voice and gave Jesse a look that she meant it.
“Dad used his belt on me and I turned out fine.”
Beth ignored Jesse while she knelt down at Ernie.  She felt sorry for him while she grabbed his hand.  “Let's get you cleaned up, Ernie.”
Beth frowned at Jesse while she walked Ernie away.
Jesse reinstalled his belt while he watched Beth walk Ernie out the room.  She was the only woman Jesse would obey besides his mother.

Chapter 1

Twenty-five years had passed and it was now Wednesday July 15, 1981 in Waterford, Georgia.
It was a beautiful sunrise with no clouds in sight for miles. 

Inside a one-bedroom apartment of the Waterford Arms, Ernie Conner, was now twenty-five years old and looked like a nerd.  He slept alone in his bed, and had a smile while he dreamt about being with a beautiful woman. 
The digital clock buzzed from the bedside table by his bed.  It was now 7:00 a.m. 
Ernie’s eyes opened and cringed at that annoying alarm sound.  He looked disappointed and wanted to go back to sleep and return to his dream.  He knew that wouldn’t happen so he reached over turned off the alarm.  He slowly sat up in bed and yawned.  He slowly got out of bed.
Ernie dragged his feet while he headed to the bathroom. 
He passed by a dresser where an old picture of Erica and Ernie when he was two years old was in a frame.  His dad Jesse wasn’t in the picture.  
On the wall above the dresser hung his framed college diploma for a Bachelor or Science degree in Aerospace Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology.
Ernie went side the bathroom.  He started his morning ritual of getting ready for work.

Twenty minutes had passed and Ernie, dressed in khaki pants with a dress shirt and tie, walked through the parking lot of the apartment complex with his lunch bag and thermos in hand.
He walked over to a blue 1980 Toyota Tercel.  This was his first brand new car and was his pride and joy.
He got inside his Tercel, started it up, and backed out of his reserved parking spot.
He drove off through the lot.

A little while later, Ernie drove his Tercel down Fay Avenue in town.   He drove past a True Value hardware store that was once Frazier’s Hardware Store.

Ernie drove his Tercel down Fay Avenue and passed Woolworths that looked run down and on the verge of closing down. 
Across the street was an abandoned building that was one a Chevrolet car dealership. 

Ernie drove his Tercel down Elliot Avenue.  He drove past  "Conner Chevrolet" dealership.  This dealership was built on the northern side of town five years ago.   The owner was Ernie’s father Jesse.  Ernie opted not to work in the family business, as he loved airplanes.

Ernie eventually drove his Tercel down a four-lane road to the Atlantis Aircraft plant located in the northwestern part of town.  
This plant was built in Waterford back in 1964 when Atlantis Aircraft was experiencing a huge growth spurt.  They picked Waterford because of some tax-incentives they were offered.  This plant specialized in the General Aviation sector and built two and four seater single engines airplanes.

Ernie parked his car in the large parking lot.
He got out with his lunch bag and thermo, and headed to the huge plant.
While Ernie walked closer to the front entrance, he came upon the motorcycle parking area.
He spotted a red Harley Davidson Electra Glide parked in its normal spot.  It belonged to Louie Rodriquez.

Ernie walked through the large office area that housed engineers and management.

Ernie walked through a small maze of cubicles with his lunch bag in hand.
He saw a female employee while she worked at her desk.  His heart started fluttering.  Her name was Rebecca Turley and she was a beautiful twenty-four year old brunette with large blue eyes and a figure to die for.  She worked as a secretary for Engineering Manager Kenny Roscoe for the past two years.   And it had been two years where Ernie wanted to ask her out, but could never drum up the nerve.
 Ernie kept a discreet eye on Rebecca while he walked through the area.  
He didn’t notice his surroundings and smacked into a cubicle wall while he watched her.  The items on the other side of the wall made a racket when they crashed to the floor.
Rebecca heard the noise and looked up from her work and saw Ernie.  She rolled her eyes and went back to her typing.  She wasn’t really interested in him in the least.
Ernie rushed away red face and rushed into his cubicle.
His two man cubicle was where he worked with fellow engineer sixty-year old Louie Rodriquez.  Louie worked on wing designs while Louie specialized in electronics and wiring.
The cubicles consisted of two drafting tables and two filing cabinets.
Ernie was still embarrassed while he sat down at his drafting table.  He opened up thermos, and took a drink of coffee.  He glanced over to his right and saw Louie was not at work yet even though he saw his Harley in the parking lot.
He kicked back and started reviewing his design for an airplane wing. 
The phone on his drafting table rang and he picked it up.
“Ernie Conner,” he answered.
“Hi baby, it’s mom,” Beth Whitfield Conner said from the phone.
“Hi mom,” Ernie replied. 
“I haven’t seen you in a months, so why don’t you come over for dinner tonight?”
“Is dad going to be there?”
“Yes.”
Ernie looks a little disinterested.
“I would love it if you come,” Beth said in a sweet tone.
“I would love dinner with you.  What time?”
“Six sharp.”
“I’ll be there.”
“Great.  See you later tonight.  Love you,” Beth said then disconnected her end of the call.
Ernie hung up his phone. 
Louie looked over his shoulder while he entered the cubicle with a large paper bag in hand.  He was bald with a long ponytail to the middle of his back and a cheesy moustache.  
Louie rushed over to his drafting table and shoved the paper bag underneath it.
Ernie got up and peeked over the top of his cubicle wall.  He eyed Rebecca and yearned to have the opportunity to be romantically involved with her.  He wondered what it would be like to kiss her sweet lips.    
He sat back down.
“Have you asked her out yet?” Louie asked him.
“No.  Not yet,” Ernie replied and looked a little disappointed with himself. 
“Hurry up man.  No guts, no filled condom,” Louie said then chuckled.
“I don't want to suffer through the embarrassment of being rejected.”
“Man, you’re going to spend the rest of your life dating Rosie Palm and her five sisters,” Louie replied then simulated jerking off.
Kenny Roscoe entered the cubicle and saw Louie’s hand gesture.  He gave Louie a dirty look.
Louie quickly started working on his design with a quiet whistle.
“Ernie, get down to the floor.  They're having an issue with installing a wing,” Kenny said while he kept a suspicious eye on Louie and the paper bag under his drafting table.
“Okay Kenny,” Ernie said then got up from his drafting table.
Kenny left the cubicle and Louie sighed a sigh of relief.
Ernie left the cubicle. 
Louie reached down and opened the paper bag and smiled at the sight of some fittings and other airplane parts.  He closed the bag with a grin.  He then opened up the drawer on his drafting table and removed a book on time-travel.   He opened the book and discreetly read. 

The day passed on and Ernie was on his way to his parents for dinner.  He loved being with Beth, but his dad Jesse always made him feel uneasy and a little intimidated.

Ernie pulled his Tercel into the circular brick driveway of an expensive upper class home of his parents.
This home was located in the fancy neighborhood called Waterford Heights located on the western part of town.  The expensive home was the result of Jesse owning the prosperous Chevrolet dealership. 

A 1968 Chevrolet Impala with rust holes was parked across the street from Jesse’s home.
Inside the car behind the wheel was Laurence Lincoln a fifty-one year old African-American.  He eyed Ernie’s Tercel with keen interest while he parked in the circular driveway. 
“He’s gotta be Ernie,” Laurence said while he watched while Ernie got out of his car.  
Ernie was dressed in dress pants and a dress shirt while he walked to the large expensive wood doors.   
Laurence stared at the expensive home with a little hatred in his eyes.
He looked in his rear view mirror and saw a man walking his German Shepherd on a leash down the sidewalk.  He started up his Impala.

Laurence’s Impala drove away in a trail of white exhaust.  
The man walking his German Shepherd looked irritated while the Impala’s exhaust came his way.

Beth greeted Ernie into her home with a kiss on the cheek.  Beth was now forty-six years old and was still a knock out for her age.
She walked him to the dining room where the table was set for dinner with two glasses of wine and a glass of Coke.
“Have a seat and I’ll go get Jesse.  He’s in his den,” she said then walked out of the dining room.
Ernie sat down two seats from the head of the table and waited.
A few seconds passed and Beth and Jesse entered the dining room.
Jesse was now forty-nine years old and started show some gray hair in his crew cut.  He was still muscular and intimidating in size.  He wore dress pants, dress shirt and his standard brown snake skinned cowboys.
“Ernie,” Jesse said while he sat down at the head of the table.
Ernie stood up and pulled out the chair next to the head of the table for Beth.
“Thank you,” she said while she sat down.
Jesse rolled his eyes.
Beth saw him and gave his hand a little tap.  “You need to be more of a gentleman. 
Beth grabbed a small bell and rang it.
The swinging door from the kitchen opened and an African-American woman entered with a tray that contained three plates of Prime Rib dinners with mashed potatoes, mixed vegetables and a salad. 

A few minutes later and dinner started.
“Ernie, come on down to the dealership on Saturday.  We have some new Camaros that just arrived,” Jesse said then shoved a piece of Prime Rib in his mouth.  His salad was untouched. 
“I'm happy with my Tercel.  It's extremely reliable,” Ernie said then ate some salad.
Jesse gave Ernie a stern look.  “But you bought it in Emerson taking money away from my dealership,” he said in a bit of a raised voice.
“I like Toyota's.  I think they're cute.  And besides, that was daddy’s dealership before you took over,” Beth said and gave Jesse a look to remind him.
Jesse ignored Beth's comment and look.
“No, I want him inside an American made car.  And that's that,” Jesse said in a louder voice while he stared at Ernie. 
Ernie felt intimidated by Jesse's stare.  “Yes sir.”
“Good,” Jesse said then took a drink of wine.
Beth rolled her eyes at Jesse then looked at Ernie.  “So, is there any romance in your life?” she said with hopeful eyes then ate some of her salad.
“Not at the moment.”
“Don't be scared of the opposite sex.  Some grand kids one day would be nice,” she said.
“Maybe for you Beth, but I'm way too young to be a grandfather,” Jesse said then shoved some mashed potatoes in his mouth.
“I would love some grandkids.  Especially since I can't have any.  Right Jesse?” she said and looked at Jesse with a raised eyebrow.
“What ever,” Jesse said then took another bite of his Prime Rib.
It was quiet for a few seconds while they ate.
Beth's eyes widen when she remembered something.  “Oh, guess what I heard on the news today?  Laurence Lincoln was released from state prison.”
Jesse looked bothered by the news. “Released?  Why?”
“Good behavior I guess,” she replied then took a drink of wine.
“Good behavior my ass,” Jesse said then took a drink of his wine.
“Who is Laurence Lincoln?” Ernie curiously asked while he looked at Beth.
“Someone your father and I knew a long time ago.  You know, he robbed a bank and did something horrible,” she replied.
“What did horrible thing did he do?” Ernie asked while his curiously kicked into high gear.
Jesse slammed down his fork interrupting Beth.  “I don't want to hear any more discussions about this.”  Jesse said then bolted up with his glass of wine from the table.
Beth looked concerned while she watched Jesse storm out of the room.
Ernie got more curious with Jesse's behavior.
It was quiet while Erne and Beth finished their dinner.

Thirty minutes had passed and inside his den, Jesse sat in his expensive leather chair and smoked a cigar with a glass of brandy in hand.  He was in deep thought and still looked bothered.
Ernie entered the room and stood by the doorway.  “I'm heading back to my place.”
Jesse remained in deep thought.
Ernie waited for a response.  
Jesse waved Ernie off.
Ernie left.
Jesse gulped down his brandy and looked bothered.
Beth walked arm in arm with Ernie through the living room.
“What’s with this Laurence Lincoln guy?” he curiously asked Beth.
“Oh, it’s nothing.  I never should have mentioned his name,” she said while they walked closer to the front door.
When they got to the front door, Ernie gave Beth a little kiss on her cheek.
“It was good seeing you tonight,” she said while she opened the door.
“I enjoyed dinner,” he replied with his little white lie because he never enjoyed being around Jesse.
Beth gave Ernie a loving smile while he left the house.

A little while later, Ernie drove his Tercel through the streets of Waterford.  The previous discuss about Laurence Lincoln was still on his mind.  He was curious about this man and his curiosity often got him in trouble.

Chapter 2

Thursday morning arrived and Ernie parked his car in the parking lot at the Atlantis Aviation plant.
Ernie didn’t notice Laurence Lincoln in his Impala while he walked to the front entrance with two other coworkers.
Laurence drove his Impala away through the lot.

Inside his cubicle, Ernie worked on his wing design at his drafting table.  Last night’s subject about Laurence Lincoln was out of his mind.
Ernie got curious when he heard a typewriter.  He got out of his chair and walked over to his cubicle wall.  
He eyed Rebecca while she typed at her desk.  He wanted to go over there and kiss her in the worst way.
“Go ask her,” Louie said while he entered the cubicle.
Ernie saw Rebecca look up from her typewriter in his direction.
Ernie quickly ducked down a little red faced.
“You're late,” Ernie said while he walked back to his drafting table.
Louie yawned while he sat down at his drafting table.  “I was up late testing my very special project.”
“What kind of project?” Ernie asked while it peeked his curiosity.
“Oh, something H.G. Wells wrote about a long time ago,” Louie replied.
“H.G. Wells?” Ernie replied not having a clue.
Kenny entered the cubicle and looked serious.  “Please step in my office, Louie.”
Louie looked a little nervous and remained quiet while he got up from his drafting table.  He knew he was in trouble.
Ernie sat down and started working on his wing design while Louie left the cubicle with Kenny.

Five minutes had passed and Ernie still worked on his wing design.
Louie entered the cubicle. 
Louie entered looking depressed while he held a cardboard box in his hands.  
Two men in suits appeared at the cubicle entrance.  They looked serious while the kept an eye on Louie.
Louie started packing his personal belonging into the box. 
Ernie worked on his drawing and avoided eye contact with Louie or the two men.  He knew what was happening. 
Louie walked out of the cubicle with the cardboard box in his hands.  
The two men left behind Louie.
Ernie got off his chair and headed to the cubicle opening.  He slowly peeked over the top of the cubicle wall.  He watched while the two men escorted Louie to one of the exit doors.
Ernie walked back to his drafting table and sat down.  He glanced over at Louie's desk and the cubicle started to get lonely.
Kenny entered the cubicle.
“Ernie, staff meeting in ten minutes,” Kenny said then walked away.
Ernie glanced back at the cubicle opening and knew what the meeting was going to be about.
“Staff meeting in ten minutes,” Ernie heard Kenny tell the occupants in another cubicle.
Ernie glanced back at Louie's desk and already missed his friend.

The rest of the workday was quiet for Ernie.  The staff meeting was to inform everybody that Louie Rodriquez no longer worked for Atlantis Aviation.  Kenny was not allowed to tell everybody the exact reason, so rumors started circulating around the office area.  Some employees rumored Louie was fired for poor performance.  Some employees rumored Louie was fired for sexual harassment against a female employee.  
Ernie sat at this drafting table and was curious as to what happened to his coworker and friend. 

The workday was over.
Smiles were on all the faces of everybody while they left the Atlantis Aviation building and headed to their vehicle in the parking lot.
While Ernie walked through the lot, all he could think about was Louie.  
Laurence drove his car through the lot in search of Ernie.  He smiled when he saw Ernie open up his car door up ahead.  He drove his car down the aisle.  But a group of engineers walked out between some cars and stepped in front of Laurence’s Impala.  He stopped his car and looked disappointed when he saw Ernie back his Tercel out of his parking spot.
After the group of engineers got out of his way, Laurence drove his Impala after Ernie’s Tercel.

Ernie drove his Tercel out of the parking lot and headed down the street.
Laurence drove his Impala out of the parking lot and headed after Ernie’s car.

While Ernie drove through Waterford, he didn’t have a clue that Laurence was following him.
He drove over a bridge in town and underneath was the Waterford River.  This provided a nice place for shops and a few restaurants along part of the river while it flowed through town.

Ernie drove down another street where homes on large lots were built.  On the east side of this street, these home had the luxury of having water front property along the Waterford river.  And of course many of these homes had docks built for their pleasure boats.
Ernie pulled his Tercel into a driveway of a home with a log cabin design.
He parked his car near the house, whereas the rest of the driveway led down to a wooden boat dock.
Laurence parked his Impala across the street.  He turned off his engine then spied on Ernie while got out of his car and rushed to the front door.

Ernie pressed the doorbell button by the front door of the home.  He heard the doorbell ring inside and waited. 
He didn’t notice Laurence Lincoln in his car across the street. The door opened and Louie appeared from inside his living room in jeans and a tee shirt.
“Hey Ernie,” Louie said the second he saw Ernie outside. 
“What happened?”
Louie motioned for Ernie to come inside.
Ernie stepped inside Louie’s home.
Louie closed the front door.

Louie and Ernie stood in the living room.
“Let’s talk out on the back porch,” he said then walked away and headed to the kitchen.
Ernie followed.
Louie entered the kitchen and walked over to the refrigerator.  He opened it and removed a can of Coke.  He tossed it over to Ernie.
Ernie fumbled with the can the second he caught it and almost dropped it to the floor.
Louie chuckled over the sight then turned and headed to the sliding glass door.
Ernie followed Louie.

Louie sat down in a chair on the screened back porch.  He picked up his Corona beer that was on a small side table and took a drink.
Ernie sat down in a nearby chair.  He popped open his can of Coke.  It foamed out the opening and dripped to the porch floor.
Louie chuckled.
Ernie looked at Louie’s backyard and saw he had a nice view of the river.  He looked at the boat dock that was missing a boat. 
Louie looked over at Ernie.  “I was fired for stealing parts.”
Ernie looked a little surprised with Louie. “Stealing parts?  Why would you do that?”
“Because they were perfect for my project,” Louie said then took another drink of his beer.
“Perfect for your project?  What is this special project?” Ernie said then took a drink of his Coke.
“Something that will make me more money than working for Atlantis Aviation.”
Ernie looked curious.  “More money than Atlantis Aviation.  How’s that?”
“I can trust you.  Come with me,” Louie said while he stood up.
Louie headed back to the sliding glass door.
Ernie set his Coke down on the floor and got up.  He headed back to the sliding glass door.

Louie and Ernie entered the kitchen and headed to a door to the right.
Louie opened the door and motioned Ernie to head down the stairs of the basement.
Ernie walked down the stairs and Louie followed.

Ernie saw a workshop in the basement while he walked down the stairs with Louie trailing.
At the one end of the workshop was some film developing equipment.
The second Ernie set foot on the floor he saw a large object covered up with a tarp on the other side of the basement.
Louie walked Ernie over to the covered object.
Louie walked over to the tarp.  He grabbed a corner and removed the tarp.
Ernie saw a strange object.  The front half resembled a Cessna 150 minus the overhead wings but had the landing gear.
“Is that front fuselage of our Atlantis 150 Trainer?” Ernie asked.
“Yep.”
Louie walked over to the front and reached inside the hole that once housed the propeller crankshaft.  He pulled on a latch and the front opened like the hood of a car.
“Storage space,” he said pointed inside the opening.
Ernie walked over and peeked inside the storage area.   “How did you manage to take that?” Ernie curiously asked while Louie closed the front.
“Actually, I bought that.  It was from a crashed Trainer where the front end was salvageable.”
Ernie walked around to the rear that housed a nuclear looking engine with wires and tubes running everywhere.
“Now that you got my curiosity peeked, what is this?  A new type of car?” Ernie asked while he studied the engine a little closer.
“A time machine,” Louie replied proudly.
Ernie stopped and looked at Louie in disbelief.  “Did you say a time machine?”
Louie nodded with a huge grin.  He opened the left door and motioned for Ernie to get inside on the right side.  
Ernie walked over to the right side and opened the door while Louie got in on the left side.  

Ernie peeked inside and saw that it sat two people with additional storage behind the seats.
He sat in the right seat and looked at the console that was modified from all its aircraft instrumentation removed.
There was the original ignition switch with the “Off”, “Right”, “Left”, and “Both” positions. 
Just above the ignition switch was a “Power” button.
Next to the Power button was a green button.
Above those buttons were four toggle switches. 
 Above those switches were four small gauges for operating information about the engine.  All gauges had white, green, and then a red bands.
In the center of the console were two digital pads.  One was labeled “Date” and the other one was labeled “Time.”
Below the digital pads was a small keyboard attached at an angle.
“How does it work?” Ernie curiously asked while he glanced at the console.
“First you put the key in the ignition switch and move it to the both position.  Then you hit the power button.  Then flip those three switches,” Louie said while he pretended to go through the motions.
Then the two digital pad will activate and when ready, you can type in the date and time you want for your time traveling destination.  Of course the machine will only time travel to this exact spot.  You can’t tell it to time travel, let’s say to Los Angeles,” he said while he pretended to type on the keyboard.
Ernie looked at the digital pad and keyboard.  “And it will travel through time?”
“No.  After the three gauges are in the green, then you press that green button and you’ll be on your journey.”
“Interesting,” Ernie said while he stared at the console.
“To shut it down, just flip the toggle switches back down and hit the power button again and turn the ignition switch to off.”
“Did you try it yet?”
“I have some finishing touches to complete.  But it should be ready in a few days.  Then I hope to use it to go back in time and witness history.  And to make a few bucks for retirement. You know, gambling bets, or stock investments,” Louie said while he looked determined.
“What's used to power this machine?  It looks nuclear.”
“My secret.” 
Ernie looked a little doubtful while he looked at the console again.
“Well, bring back some pictures of the future or the past,” Ernie said while he had his doubts.
Ernie and Louie got out of the time machine.
He helped Louie cover it with the tarp.

A little while later, Ernie was backing his Tercel down Louie’s driveway.
He pulled back onto the street and drove away.
Laurence started up his Impala.  He pulled drove away and followed Ernie’s car.  He looked determined.

Ernie drove his car through the thick traffic in downtown Waterford.
Laurence was five cars behind Ernie’s car as a few drivers were in a rush and pulled in front of his Impala.  Laurence craned his neck to make sure he didn’t lose sight of Ernie.
Then the traffic light changed to yellow and the car in front of Laurence stopped.  
Laurence was too busy eyeing Ernie’s Tercel that he didn’t notice the car stopped in front of him.  He saw it and slammed on his brakes.  His Impala screeched to a stop inches from the rear bumper of the car in front of him.
Laurence craned his neck and lost sight of Ernie’s car.  He pounded on the steering wheel in frustration.

Later that night, Ernie relaxed in the living room of his apartment in his lazy boy chair.  His eyes were looking at the TV screen but his thoughts ran through the day’s events and Louie’s time machine.

Chapter 3

Friday morning arrived and Ernie pulled his car into a parking spot at work.
Ernie got out of his car and his eyes lit up when he saw Rebecca walking through the lot.  
He headed in her direction and hoped to catch up with her but a rusty1968 Chevrolet Impala stopped in front of him.   Ernie moved away from the car.
“Are you Ernie Conner?” Laurence Lincoln called out from his driver’s window.
Ernie looked at Rebecca and lost sight of her.  He walked back over to the car.  
“Yes,” Ernie replied then noticed Laurence Lincoln behind the wheel.  He felt a little intimidated by Laurence.   “Excuse me, but I don't know you.”
“You probably don't remember me because you were young, but I'm Laurence Lincoln,” he replied.
Ernie stepped back a little fearful of him.
“Please.  I didn’t kill your mom.  I swear.  She was always nice to me.  I liked her,” Laurence pleaded and his eyes got a little watery.
Ernie had this strange feeling that Laurence was sincere and not a threat. 
“Mom died from taking too many sleeping pills.”
“No,” Laurence replied and looked serious. 
“No?”
Laurence saw something in his rearview mirror and hesitated.  “Meet me at eleven at the Waterford Park by the fountain.  We can talk about my idea who killed her.  I was framed.  I swear I was framed for robbing the bank and for your mom’s murder,” he said then he drove off.
Robert a coworker of Ernie’s walked over to him.  “Good morning, Ernie.  Mind if I walk with you?”
Ernie glanced at Laurence's car while he drives away.  “Ah, sure.”
Ernie and Robert walked toward the building.
“How's your wing design coming along?”
“Fine,” Ernie replied while he eyed Laurence’s Impala while he drove out of the lot.
Ernie was preoccupied with Laurence while he walked with Robert to the front door.

Later that morning, Ernie sat at his drafting table in deep thought about his earlier encounter with Laurence. 
He picked up his phone and made a call.  
“Hey mom,” he said into the phone.
“Ernie, this is a nice morning surprise.  Is there something wrong?” Beth replied from the phone.
“I had a strange encounter in the parking lot at work this morning.”
“What happened?”
“That Laurence Lincoln approached me,”
There was a few seconds of silence.
“What did he want?” Beth asked in a concerned tone.
“He said he didn't kill mom and wanted to tell me who he suspects.  I thought mom died from taking too many sleeping pills?”  
There was a few more seconds of silence.
“Ernie darling, please stay from Laurence.  He’s a convict,” Beth said.
“What the hell’s going on?” Jesse’s voice came from the phone in a raised voice.
Ernie hesitated but knew he better come clean.
“Ah, Laurence Lincoln approached me this morning.  He said he didn’t kill mom.  He said he was framed,” Ernie replied
“Listen, Laurence's a convict, so he's probably going wants to extort some money out of you.  So stay away from him.  Do you  understand?”  
“Yes sir.”
“Where did he want to meet?
“At Waterford Park at eleven by the fountain.”
“I'm serious.  Stay away from him!” Jesse said and sounded serious.
Jesse disconnected his end of the call.
Ernie looked curious while he hung up his phone.

Ernie couldn’t resist.  He talked with Kenny and got permission to take the rest of the day off using vacation hours.  

It was 10:50 in the morning and Ernie walked through Waterford Park located in the center of town.  This park was build ten years ago when a fire destroyed some building.  
He walked down the brick path that was filled with benches, beautiful flowers and shade trees.  A beautiful fountain occupied the center of the park and many people who worked downtown would spend their lunch hour there.
While Ernie walked down the brick path, two Waterford policemen ran up behind him.
One of the officers almost knocked Ernie down while they raced in the direction of the fountain.
Ernie walked to the fountain area and saw a crowd of people gawking near a bench.   He got curious and picked up his pace.
The two policemen were checking out Laurence Lincoln while he sat slumped over on a bench.   
One of the policemen felt Laurence’s neck.  “He’s gone,” the policeman told his partner.
Ernie then saw the syringe down on the bricks by Laurence’s shoes.
“What happened?” Ernie asked an older man standing next to him. 
“Looks like some junkie overdosed,” the man replied.
“Officer, I saw a man with him earlier,” a woman in the crowd said.
One of the policemen walked over to the lady and removed his pad and pen from his shirt pocket.  “Can you describe him?”
“He had tattoos that covered both of his arms.  He was bald and had a goatee,” she replied.
The policeman jotted down the information.
Ernie got a little nervous and walked away. 

Ernie left the Waterford Park and headed to the library.
He found the microfilm reader and had cartridges of 1956 Waterford Herald newspapers on microfilms.  He had to learn more about Laurence’s statement this morning.
Pages of old newspapers whizzed by on the screen.  
Ernie turned the knob and it stopped on a newspaper dated July 16, 1956.  He slowly moved through the pages of the newspaper while he scanned the articles.  
He stopped on a page with the "Erica Conner Killed By Intruder,” title.  
Ernie's eyes tear up while he saw the black and white photo of his mother.  He looked at the article.
“During the night, an intruder broke into Jesse Conner’s home,” Ernie read but he couldn’t finish it and stared at the article in disbelief.
Ernie turned the knob and moved the reel through some more newspapers.
Ernie slowed them down and stopped on the first page for the paper dated July 19, 1956.  One of the articles on the first page had the "Bank Robber and Killer Arrested " title with a scared mug shot of 26-year-old Laurence Lincoln.  
“Laurence Lincoln was arrested yesterday for robbing the First National Savings and Loan on July thirteenth, nineteen fifty-six.  Mister Lincoln was reportedly dressed in black rubber boots, black pants, black shirt and wore a black ski mask when he passed a note to the teller demanding two thousands dollars.  Days after robbing the bank, Laurence also strangled Erica Conner in her bedroom.  He was arrested by Sheriff Matt Conner after evidence was found in Mister Lincoln’s shack,” Ernie read the article.

Ernie turned the knob and moved through some more newspapers.
He slowed the newspapers down and stopped on one dated September 22, 1956.  He looked at an article with the "Laurence Lincoln Sentenced" title. 
“Judge Buford Peabody sentenced Laurence Lincoln to life in prison for robbing the First National Saving and Loan and for the murder of Erica Conner.  While he was escorted out of the courthouse, Laurence yelled out in anger that he was framed and did not kill Erica Conner,” Ernie read the article. 
Ernie looked extremely curious.  He grabbed his can of Coke and took a drink.  He didn’t notice while the reel slowly moved down where an article titled "Dr. Sampson Arrested for Abortion Death of Teenage Girl" appeared. 
Ernie turned the knob and the machine whizzed to the front of the cartridge. 
He sat there for a few seconds while he took in all the information he uncovered.
He got up and left the library.

Ernie drove his car down Dorothy Avenue and pulled into the driveway of an older home where his grandparents lived.  
He got out of his car and headed to the front door.
He rang the doorbell and waited.
A few seconds later, the front door opened and Matt Conner, now seventy-eight years old with white hair appeared in the doorway.  Even though Matt had aged, he was still a large man of intimidating size even though he had to walk with a cane.
“Ernie, it's so good to see you,” Matt said with a warm smile.
Wilma Conner, now seventy-three years old appeared by Matt’s side.  Her eyes lit up at the sight of Ernie.  “Ernie, what a lovely surprise.”
“Please come in,” Matt said then stepped aside.
Ernie went inside their home and Matt closed the door.

Once inside, Wilma gave Ernie a kiss on his cheek. 
“What brings you over here?” Matt asked while he and Wilma walked Ernie to the couch.
“I was hoping you can you tell me about Laurence Lincoln?”
Matt looked surprised by his question.  “Laurence Lincoln?  Why are you asking about him?” he asked while they walked to the couch.
Ernie’s left foot caught the bottom of the couch.  He almost tripped but Matt caught him by his arm.
“I see you’re still my clumsy grandkid,” Matt said with a chuckle.
Ernie smiled while he sat down on the couch with Matt. 
“I’m going to leave you men alone to talk,” Wilma said while she walked away. 
“He approached me this morning.  Said something that he didn't kill mom,” Ernie said. 
“He said that?”
Ernie nodded that that’s what he said.
Matt looked at Ernie's wanting eyes for information.  
He pondered for a few seconds.  
“I knew this day might come so it’s about time you knew.  Back in fifty-six, the First National Savings and Loan was robbed near noon.  The robber wore black rubber boots, black pants, black shirt, black leather gloves and a black ski mask.  The robber didn't talk but passed a threatening note to the teller and waved a thirty-eight special.  Then two days later, someone broke into your parent’s house.  Your father was hit on the head with a baseball bat and knocked out.  Then the intruder strangled your mom.  Days later, I got an anonymous tip.  I searched Laurence's shack and found a thirty-eight special.  I also found some of the bank cash along with the clothes the robber used. And I found your mom's pearl necklace.  Case closed.”
Ernie looked upset.  “Why wasn't I told about this?  I mean, I was always told he died of an overdose with sleeping pills.”
“Your father and step-mom thought it would be best to shield this from you.  I disagreed, but they're your parents,” Matt replied and looked sincere.
Ernie looked upset and Matt noticed.  
“Look, it's best to forget about this and move on with your life.  The court found Laurence guilty and that's that.   I'm just surprised he got out early.  If I had a choice, I would have hanged the bastard.”
Ernie still felt suspicious.  “Yeah, maybe you’re right.”
Wilma entered the living room with a tray that had two cups of coffee and a can of Coke.
“Tell us how your job’s going,” Wilma said while she set the tray down on the coffee table.
Ernie picked up his can of Coke while Wilma sat down next to Matt.  There was something about all this information that bugged him and started his curiosity to go in high gear.

After Ernie left his grandparent house, he headed to the Waterford Cemetery.
Ernie stood at a grave with a small pot of flowers.
He stared at the headstone that read "Here Lies Erica Conner, devoted mother and wife.  Born June 9, 1931, Died July 15, 1956."
“What really happened mom?’ he said then placed the pot of flowers by the headstone.
He walked away in deep thought.  He stopped with an odd feeling.
He walked away and that odd feeling stayed with him.
Ernie drove back to his apartment.

Later that evening, Ernie sat in his lazy boy in deep thought.  He stared at the TV and didn’t pay attention to the evening news. 
The phone rang from the kitchen.
Ernie got up from the chair and headed into the kitchen.
He picked up his phone that hung on the wall by the door doorway.
“Hello,” he answered the call.
“I heard you talked to grandpa earlier about that Laurence crackpot.  Why?” Jesse blurted out in a raised voice.
Ernie got a little nervous.  “I was curious.  I mean, here this guy approaches me in the morning and then later in the day, he dies from a drug overdose.”
“Leave this alone!  Do you understand?  Do you remember my belt?” Jesse said in a louder voice. 
“Yes sir.”
“Good.  I'll see you tomorrow down at the dealership,” Jesse replied in a calmer voice then disconnected his end of the call.
Ernie looked suspicious while he hung up his phone.
He rushed out of the kitchen then headed to the door.

Later that evening, Ernie was back at Louie’s front door of his home.  He rang the doorbell and waited.
A few seconds passed and the front door opened and Louie appeared.
“Is your time machine working?” Ernie blurted out.
“I still have some final touches so she should be ready tomorrow.”
“Do you believe in going back in time to change the future?” Ernie asked and looked serious.
Louie motioned for Ernie to step inside.
Ernie went inside the house and Louie closed the front door.

Louie walked Ernie through the living room.
“I never thought about for that purpose.  Why do you ask?”
Ernie looked at Louie and hesitated while they walked to the kitchen.
I had an unusual encounter with a man this morning,” he said while Louie walked over to his refrigerator.
“What kind of unusual encounter?” Louie asked while he opened his refrigerator and removed a Corona beer and a can of Coke. 
“A man named Laurence Lincoln claimed my real mom was murdered,” Ernie said while Louie handed him the can of Coke.
“I thought you said she died from an overdose of sleeping pills?” Louie replied then motioned for Ernie they should sit on the porch.
  “That’s the story I was told by dad,” Ernie replied while he followed Louie out to the porch.
Louie’s eyes widened while he sat down remembering something.  “Wait, is that the same Laurence Lincoln I heard about on the news?  He was a bank robber and murdered just released from state prison?”
“Yep.  He was apparently sent to prison for killing my mom.  He told me he was framed for the robbery and death of mom.”
“I'm sorry man.”
“I was supposed to meet that guy in Waterford Park, but he died from a drug overdose,” Ernie said.
“Why would you meet with a convict?  That’s dumb,” Louie asked.
“He swore he didn’t kill my mom and wanted to talk about who he suspected.  He swears he was framed.”
“All convicts claim they were innocent.  I’m thinking he was going to extort money out of you for drugs.”
Ernie thought about that for a few seconds.  “I don’t know, I have this gut feeling he might have known something.  Now I'll never know.” 
“We could take a quick trip to fifty-six and find out,” Louie offered.
Ernie looked at Louie and thought about his offer.  “Time traveling.  I must be nuts to believe in it.  Plus you can't change the past.  It is what it is,” Ernie said then took a drink of Coke.
Louie looked at Ernie like he started to have second thoughts.
“Well, if you really want to find out, I’m offering my time machine for a trip.  Just come back,” Louie said then took a drink of his Corona beer.

Later that night, Ernie sat in his apartment and watched TV.    He changed the channel with his remote.
The Slaughter House Five time traveling movie appeared on the screen.  
He changed the channel with his remote.  The Beyond the Time Barrier time traveling movie appeared.  
He changed to another channel.  The Time Machine movie appeared.  
Ernie watched that movie while in deep thought about today’s event.

Chapter 4

Saturday morning arrived and Ernie headed to Conner Chevrolet at 9:00 a.m.
Ernie pulled his car into the lot and parked near the Sales Building.
He got out and reluctantly went inside the building.

Ernie walked through the showroom where a few salesmen were showing off some of the 1981 Chevrolet’s to potential customers.
Some of the salesmen gave Ernie a hello nod when they saw him.
Ernie headed to Jesse’s office.
He stepped inside and saw he wasn’t there.
“I believe he’s in the service area,” a man’s voice said from behind Ernie.
“Thanks,” Ernie said while he turned around and saw another salesman that walked toward the showroom.
Ernie walked away and headed toward the door that led to the service area.

Ernie entered the service area where three mechanics serviced some older Chevy’s.
He scanned the area over and saw Jesse in the corner.  He talked with a mechanic that was bald; rough looking with both arms filled with tattoos, and had a goatee.  Jesse discreetly handed the mechanic an envelope.
The mechanic shoved the envelope into his pants pocket with a greedy smile.
Jesse walked away.
Ernie turned around and headed back through the door for the showroom.

When Ernie entered the showroom, he remembered the woman at the fountain telling the policeman about the man she saw with Laurence.   He started to get suspicious while he walked over to a white Camaro.
“It's about time you showed up,” Jesse’s voice came from behind Ernie.
The sound of Jesse’s voice made him jump a little.  He turned around and saw Jesse behind him.
Jesse looked at one of his salesman who sat at a nearby desk.  “Ernie’s going to buy a new Camaro.  Handle the sale,” he told the salesman.
The salesman nodded and got up from his desk.
Jesse walked away and headed toward his office.
“Hi Ernie,” the salesman said while he walked over.  “Let’s go out to the lot and pick one out,” the salesman added then walked Ernie to the door that led out to the car lot.

Two hours had passed, and Ernie was the owner of a new red 1981 Camaro.  He hated the car and was also ticked that his father didn’t give him a special deal.  
He drove his Camaro out of the parking lot. He turned onto the street and gave it too much power.  His eyes widened in a panic when the Camaro fishtailed all over the road.
Other cars screeched to a stop avoiding a collision by inches.  Car horns blew and The Finger by numerous drivers were thrown at Ernie while he straightened out his Camaro.
Ernie drove down the street.  He really missed his Tercel.

Ernie walked into his apartment living room with his owner’s manual of his new Camaro.  He placed the manual on the table by his lazy boy chair.  He sat down and turned on the TV with the remote.
A cartoon appeared on the TV.  
Ernie picked up his owners manual.  He started flipping through the pages.  He couldn’t read it, as his mind was on his real mom.  He couldn’t get her out of his mind and wanted to know the truth behind her death.
He set the manual back on the table then grabbed his remote. He jumped off the chair and turned off the TV.  He dropped the remote in his chair then rushed toward the hallway.

Ernie rushed back down the hallway with his 35mm Canon camera strapped around his neck. 
He rushed to his apartment door and left.

Ernie raced his Camaro through the streets of Waterford.
He soon pulled his car into Louie’s driveway.
He got out and rushed to the front door and rang the doorbell numerous times.
A few seconds passed and Louie opened the door.
“Are you okay?” Louie asked as the numerous doorbell rings raised a concern of an emergency.
“I hope your machine is working.  I want to go back to nineteen fifty-six,” Ernie said and anxiously paced on the stoop.
“I haven't tried it yet.”
“Let’s try it before I change my mind,” Ernie said while he stepped inside Louie’s home. 
“What the hell,” Louie said while he closed the door.

Louie stood in the living room and watched while Ernie headed toward the kitchen.
“Let me lock the place up and then I’ll meet you in the basement,” Louie said.
“Okay,” Ernie replied while he went inside the kitchen.

Ernie rushed down the stairs to the basement.
He rushed over to the covered time machine and started removing the tarp.
He had the tarp removed, folded and over by the wall. 
Louie walked down the stairs and saw Ernie standing by the machine.
“Man, you are anxious to time travel,” Louie said while he walked over to Ernie.
“I have to learn the truth on how mom died,” Ernie replied.
“Let’s go,” Louie said while he opened up the left side door and got inside.
Ernie opened the right side door and got inside.

Ernie took a deep breath while he looked at the console.
They both buckled their seat belts.
“What day?” Louie asked while he inserted the key in the ignition.
“July fifteenth.”
Louie turned the key to the  "Both" position.  
He pressed the power button.  
The engine powered up with a low hum.
Ernie got a little nervous but looking forward to time traveling.
Louie flipped the three toggle switches.  
The needles of the four gauges move a little. 
The two screens powered up with "Date" and "Time" entry spots visible.
Louie typed in “July 15, 1956” pressed “Enter” and it displayed on the “Date” screen. 
He typed in “8 am" and it displayed on the “Time” screen.
“Ready?”
“I'm ready,” Ernie replied.
The needles of the four gauges moved into the green bands and the engine hummed louder.
Louie pressed the green button.
Louie and Ernie braced themselves.
The engine hums louder then it suddenly shut down with a low whine.
The needles on the gauges dropped to the left side.  
The screens went blank.  
It was quiet inside the machine.
Louie looked a little confused.
“I guess it doesn't work,” Ernie said while he looked at the console
“I thought it was ready,” Louie said while he tapped on the four gauges.
Ernie looked disappointed while he opened his door and got out of the machine.
Louie sat in the machine scratching his head why he pondered the problem.
Ernie went back up the stairs and headed out of Louie’s house.

Ernie got back inside his Camaro and backed down Louie’s driveway.
He drove off down the street.

Later that afternoon, Ernie went back to the Waterford Cemetery.
He stood by Erica’s headstone with his Canon camera still strapped around his neck.
“I guess the truth will never be known, mom,” he said while he looked down at the headstone.
Ernie walked away disappointed.

Darkness fell upon the Georgia area.
Ernie was back in his apartment and slouched in his lazy boy chair in the living room.
He watched the TV where a movie played.  
On the TV, a good guy punched a bad guy hard in the bad guy's throat.  The bad guy dropped to his knees gasping for air.  Then the good guy kicked the bad guy in his jaw.  The bad guy flew backwards and landed on his back.  
The bad guy squirmed on the ground in pain.
Ernie cringed in sympathy pain while he watched TV.
A knock was heard on his apartment door. 
Ernie ignored the knock.  
The knock turned into pounding.
Ernie got up a little irritated and walked to his door.
Ernie opened the door and saw Louie outside.  Louie looked like he has ants in his pants.
“What's wrong?”
“It works!  It works!  The problem was with a loose wire at the engine,” Louie replied proudly.
Louie looked over his shoulder.  He pushed his way inside Ernie's apartment.
Ernie closed the door and turned around to find Louie flashing a color photograph of downtown 1956 Waterford.
“We'll have to dress to blend in.  People gave me odd looks while I was back there.”
Ernie looked at the photograph and a grin grew on his face.  “Can we leave tomorrow?”
“Eight in the morning.”
Ernie smiled about the thought on going on his time traveling adventure.

Chapter 5

It was Sunday morning and Ernie rushed out of his apartment at 7:30.
He was dressed in blue jeans, a white tee shirt, and a black leather jacket.  He also sported an Elvis hairdo.  It was his goofy attempt with looking like a 1950s greaser.  

Ernie drove his Camaro down Peach Avenue.
Matt and Wilma were dressed in their Sunday Church clothes while they drove down Peach Avenue. 
Ernie stopped his Camaro at a red light while in the right lane.
Matt stopped his car at the same red light while in the left lane.  He stopped next to Ernie’s Camaro.
Wilma glanced out her window and looked at Ernie’s Camaro.  She did a double take.  “Is that Ernie?” she asked Matt.
Matt looked in the direction Wilma was looking.  “I believe it might be.”
“Why is he dressed like that?  He looks a little goofy,” Wilma said then chuckled.
“Maybe there’s a greaser contest somewhere?  Ask him.”
Wilma tapped on her window to catch Ernie’s attention.
The traffic light turned green and Ernie floored his Camaro and sped off down the street.
“Must be someone else.  Ernie drives a Toyota,” Matt said while they watched Ernie race his Camaro down the street.  
A car horn blew behind Matt’s car telling him that the light was green.
Matt looked in his rear view mirror and the driver behind him while he motioned in anger that the light was green.  
Matt drove his car through the light, but back in day, he would have said something to the driver.  But Matt was feeling his age and thought it would be best to let it go.

Ernie pulled his Camaro into Louie's driveway and parked.
He got out with a small gym bag in hand and strutted to Louie's front door.  He rang the doorbell.
The door opened and Louie appeared wearing a 1950s style shirt and pants.  His hair was cut had been greased back.  His moustache was gone.
Louie looked at Ernie and chuckled.   “Are you ready Fonzie?”
“Hey!” Ernie replied with the best Fonzie impersonation he could muster with two Thumbs Up sign.
“You sure look different,” Ernie said while he went inside the house.
“We have to play the part,” Louie said while he closed the door then looked at Ernie.  “You know that you’re going to sweat like a pig in that jacket,” he said.
Ernie thought about Louie’s comment then realized he was correct.  He removed his jacket and tossed it on the couch.  Then he remembered something.  “I don’t have any cash for the fifties.”
“I got that covered,” Louie said while they headed toward the kitchen.
“I’ll have to repay you when we get back.”
“We’ll settle that later,” Louie said while they entered the kitchen.

Once they went into the kitchen, they headed to the basement door.
“Do you need to go to the bathroom before we head out?” Louie said in a jokingly manner.
Ernie chuckled and nodded that he didn’t need a bathroom run.
Ernie and Louie headed down the stairs to the basement.

Ernie got to the bottom of the stairs and noticed that the tarp was already removed off the time machine, and both doors were opened.
“You have it ready,” Ernie said while he walked over to the time machine.
“Yep,” Louie said while he walked over to the left side door then got inside the machine.
Ernie walked over and got inside the right side of the machine.

Ernie and Louie sat in the machine and looked anxious for their adventure. 
They buckled their seat belts.
Louie inserted the key in the ignition switch.  He turned the key to the "Both" position.
He pressed the power button.  
The engine powered up with a low hum.
Ernie got a little nervous but looking forward to time traveling.
Louie flipped the three toggle switches.  
The needles of the four gauges moved a little. 
The two screens powered up with "Date" and "Time" entry spots visible.
Louie typed in “July 15, 1956” pressed “Enter” and it displayed on the “Date” screen. 
He typed in “8 am" and it displayed on the “Time” screen.
Ernie thought about that date for a few seconds.  “Wait, let's go back a little farther.”
“To when?”
Ernie tried to recall a good time.  “July twelfth.”
“Why that day?”
“I'm thinking if I can get that bank robber caught right away, I can save mom's life.”
“If you wish,” Louie said then he typed in “July 12, 1956.”  He typed in “8:00 a.m.”  He paused for a few seconds then flipped the toggle switched back to the down position and turned the ignition to the “Off” position.
Ernie looked concerned.  “Did you change your mind?” he asked.
“No, if we’re going to be there for a few days, we’ll need some supplies,” Louie said then he opened his door and got out.
Ernie opened his door and got out.

Ernie watched while Louie rushed over to the stairs.  
“Come help,” Louie called out while he ran up the stairs.
Ernie rushed over to the stairs.

Fifteen minutes later, Louie and Ernie had the time machine brought some supplies down to the basement.
He opened the front hood of the time machine.
Ernie helped Louie place a folded two-man tent, a Coleman camping stove, some toiletry items, some camping cooking utensils, and a box of food supplies that did not require a refrigerator, inside the front of the time machine.
Ernie looked inside the storage area.  “I’m glad you brought the tent.”
“We should camp out while traveling through time. In addition, it saves me some money,” Louie said while he closed and secured the front hood.
Louie ran over to the left side of the time machine.
Ernie ran over to the right side of the time machine.
 
 Ernie and Louie got back inside the time machine.
Louie went through the motions again and got the time machine in the configuration for time travel.
“Let’s travel through time,” Louie said then he typed in “July 12, 1956” pressed “Enter” and it displayed on the “Date” screen. 
He typed in “8 am" and pressed “Enter” and then it displayed on the “Time” screen. 
He pressed the green button.
The engine hummed.  
The machine vibrated.
Louie and Ernie experienced pain. 
“This is normal,” Louie said while he tolerated the pain.
Ernie had less tolerance for pain and he started having thoughts on backing out.
The vibration got severe and tossed them around a little bumping to each other.
The pain got worse.
“Let’s stop,” Ernie cried out.
“Too late,” Louie cried out and gripped his seat.
Ernie looked scared while he had a death grip on his seat.
Psychedelic colors filled the outside of the machine.
“Reminds me of the sixties,” he said and loved this part of the travel.
Louie and Ernie experienced more extreme pain.  They both screamed.
The psychedelic colors dissipated.
The pain subsided.
The vibration slowed down.
The machine was quiet except for the low hum of the engine.
Erie and Ernie looked out the windows and saw nothing but woods.
“We've arrived,” Louie told Ernie with a satisfying smile.
Ernie looked a little dazed while he looked out the woods.  
Louie flipped the toggle switched down.
He turned the key in the ignition switch to the "Off" position.
Louie opened his door and the sound of birds singing from the trees was heard.
Louie stepped outside.
“Are you leaving the key here?” Ernie called out.
“Yeah, it'll be safe,” Louie replied then closed his door.
Ernie opened his door, stepped outside then closed his door.

Ernie stood in awe and knew he was back in time.  It was hard to imagine that this would be possible.
Louie opened up the front of the time machine and removed the folded tarp.  
Ernie walked over and helped cover the time machine with the tarp.
Ernie glanced around the woods and saw the Waterford River.  Then he saw a dirt clearing where the boat dock was in the future.  
“Was your dock over by that clearing?” he asked Louie.
“Yeah, but during the fifties, teenagers would use that spot for necking.  I can imagine some of your friends were conceived there,” Louie said with a chuckle.
Ernie saw a dirt road that went from the clearing to the two-lane road.  He knew that’s where his driveway was in the future.
“Let’s go,” Louie said while he headed off to the dirt road.
Ernie took another glimpse of the area then he walked after Louie.

Ernie and Louie walked out of the dirt road and headed along the shoulder of the two-lane road.
Ernie saw nothing but woods and was a little surprised.  “I take it Waterford was a lot smaller back in fifty-six.”
“Yep.  The town started exploding with growth after Atlantis Aviation built their plant here in sixty-four,” Louie said.
“I guess I don’t remember much of that,” Ernie replied while they walked down the road.

Five minutes later, Louie and Ernie walked along the shoulder of the road and walked upon a dirt driveway.  
A piece of scrap wood was nailed to a tree with "Army Indian Motorcycle with Sidecar For Sale - Cheap" painted on it.
Louie stopped and looked at the wooden sign.  “I've always wanted one of those,” he said and had the hunger for another motorcycle.
Ernie stopped and looked at the sign. 
Louie walked away.
Ernie ran after him.

Five more minutes passed.
Ernie and Louie still walked along the shoulder of the road.  
Ernie saw around fifteen old shabby wooden shacks off in the woods.  These shabby shacks were the African-American community of Waterford.  
Ernie stared at the shacks while they walked down the road.

Outside the shacks, some of the African-Americans eyed Ernie and Louie with caution.
“I never seen this place before,” Ernie said while he kept looking at the shacks.
Louie looked at Ernie.  “Welcome to the fifties.”
Ernie felt sorry for the way they had to live.  “I believe that's where the Waterford Mall is now located.”
“You would be correct,” Louie replied.
They continued their walk toward Waterford where a welcome sign was visible way down the road.

Chapter 6

Ernie and Louie walked a little farther down the road.
They soon came to the outskirts of Waterford and saw the "Welcome to Waterford.  Population 2,459" sign twenty feet up ahead.
Ernie glanced down the street and saw the First National Savings and Loan.  He also noticed that woods were at the rear of the building.
“There’s the bank that Laurence robbed according to the newspaper and my grandfather,” Ernie said.
Louie looked at the bank.  “I remembered when they tore that place down and build that strip mall back in sixty-eight,” he said.
“I remembered that.  Me and a couple of kids rode our bikes down there to watch,” Ernie said while they walked past the welcome sign.
Ernie and Louie walked down toward the bank and were in awe of the sights of 1956.
“The town sure looks different,” Ernie said then he stops and snapped a picture.
“The fifties were a different time,” Louie replied.
Ernie and Louie continued their trek down Waterford Blvd that was the main street through town.
They saw the Waterford Majestic Theater across the street.  The movie “The Killer Is Loose” movie with Joseph Cotton and Rhonda Fleming was on the lighted marquee.
“I remember my step-mom Beth taking me and another friend there to see the Beach Blanked Bingo movie in sixty-five,” Ernie said while he looked at the marquee.
“Oh yeah, so many men fantasized about Annette,” Louie said while he thought about her.
“Those theaters were majestic back in the day,” Louie added while he looked at the marquee.
Ernie’s stomach growled.  “I don't know about you, but I'm a little hungry and I know the perfect place,” Ernie said while he glanced down the street.

Over at the car lot at the Whitfield Chevrolet dealership down on Waterford Blvd, Jesse worked as a salesman.
Jesse watched while Jacob Stone, a seventy-five year old lanky farmer in coveralls walked around and checked out a shiny new red 1956 pickup. 
“I know you'll love it,” Jesse told Jacob.
Jacob looked at Jesse then looked at the truck.  
Jesse glanced and saw Ernie and Louie walking across the street heading to Woolworths.  He looked a little suspicious of the two strangers.
Jacob kicked one of the rear tires.  He rubbed his chin while he glanced inside the bed.
“Plenty of space for hauling stuff for your farming chores or crates of peaches,” Jesse said while he followed Jacob to the cab. 
Jacob looked inside the cab.
“AM radio,” Jesse said he glanced across the street and saw Ernie and Louie standing by the front door of Woolworths.

Ernie and Louie stood by the front entrance of Woolworths.  Ernie suddenly looked sad.
“I could never eat in this place when I got older,” Ernie told Louie while he debated on walking away.
“Why?”
Ernie stared at the front entrance.  He got up the nerve.  “You'll find out,” replied then he opened the door for Louie.
Louie went inside Woolworths and Ernie followed.

Across the street at the car lot of Whitfield Chevrolet, 
Jacob smiled while he gave the pickup another glance.  “I'll take her.”
Jesse looked at the farmer and smiled thinking of his commission.  
“I'll pay cash if you give me a good deal,” Jacob told Jesse then he headed to the dealership building.
Jesse followed but glanced back Woolworths.  He got a little concerned when Ernie and Louie were not in sight.  Something about the two strangers bugged Jesse.
Jesse glanced over to the side of the dealership where Laurence Lincoln, now twenty-five years old wearing overalls and rubber boots, wiped down a 1956 Bel-Air from it's washing. 
“Lincoln, give that red pickup a washing for it's new owner.”
Laurence looked over at the pickup.  “Yes sir,” he called out then headed to a side door.
Jesse went inside the dealership building through the front doors.

Ernie looked around the inside of Woolworths.   “This place brings back fond memories,” he said then he and saw the food counter.  His eyes lit up the second he saw Erica working behind the counter.  
Erica was slender built with average looks and black hair down to her shoulder.  She wasn’t blessed in the breast department but had a huge loving heart.
“Mom,” Ernie said while he looked at Erica. 
“What?” Louie asked him.
“My mom works at the food counter,” Ernie replied while his eyes got a little teary.
Louie saw Erica giving Howard Wilson, a twenty-one year old year old lanky man with average looks, a cup of coffee at the counter. 
Howard gave Erica a warm thank you smile.
“This is going to be weird,” Ernie said while he walked toward the counter with a smile.
Louie tagged behind Ernie.
Ernie removed his camera and placed it on the counter while he sat down.  
Louie sat down next to him.
Ernie and Louie glanced up and saw the "White's Only" sign on the wall above the opening for the kitchen.  They looked offended.
“I guess I don’t remember this part of the fifties,” Ernie said while he glanced at the sign.
“I do,” Louie said while he stared at the sign.
Ernie and Louie grabbed a menu and looked at it.
“Wow, I should use your machine and come back here to eat.  I love these prices,” Ernie said while he looked at the menu.
Erica walked over to Ernie.  “Good morning darling,” she said and gave Ernie a warm smile.  She glanced at his camera on the counter.  She picked it up.  “That's a nice fancy camera.  Looks expensive.  Are you a photographer?”
“Ah…,” Ernie couldn’t speak.  He cleared his throat.  “Thank you, and I am,” Ernie replied and looked in awe that he was talking with his mom.
“What will it be?” Erica asked while she set Ernie’s camera back on the counter.
“Toasted American cheese sandwich and Coca Cola,” Ernie said.
“Good choice.  My son Ernie loves our toasted American cheese sandwich.” 
Ernie got a warm feeling.
“I'll have a baked ham and cheese sandwich and cup of coffee,” Louie said.
Erica got an odd feeing while she glanced at Ernie.  “Do I now you?” 
Ernie hesitated.   “Ah....No ma'am,” Ernie replied.
Erica couldn’t shake this weird feeling. “There's something familiar about you.  I can't figure it out.  But I have this feeling we've met before.”
“People often say that about me,” Ernie said and wanted to tell her the truth in the worst way.
“Weird,” Erica said then she turned around and headed to the kitchen.
“Ah, I'll have a cheese burger and coffee,” Louie said while he waved at her.
Erica glanced back at Louie while she walked away.
“I’m guess I’m not eating,” Louie said and felt neglected.
Ernie watched while Erica went into the kitchen and placed the order with Leroy an overweight middle-aged cook that wore a tee shirt with a white apron.  

Back in the Whitfield Chevrolet dealership, Jesse sat behind his desk lightly tapping his pencil.  He rolled his eyes while Jacob took his sweet time reading over the paperwork for his new truck.
Jesse lit up when he glanced over and saw Beth Whitfield.  She worked behind a desk outside Billy Watson’s office, the Sales Manager.
She glanced up and saw Jesse glancing at her.  She gave him a warm smile then got up from her desk with a piece of paper in hand.
She headed down a hallway.
“I'll be back in a second, Mister Stone,” Jesse said while he got up from his desk.
Jacob nodded while he continued to read over his contract.

In the hallway, Beth tacked up that piece of paper.
Jesse strutted over to her.
“Let's meet tonight.  I'll tell Erica I'm working late,” Jesse said the second he got to Beth and lightly stroked her right arm.
Beth looked a little upset.  “Okay.”
Jesse noticed she was upset.  “Are you okay?”
Beth nodded while she gave Jesse a fake smile. 
“I’ll see you later,” she said then gave Beth a quick kiss on her lips.  
“Hi Miss Whitfield.  And Mister Jesse, the pick up is washed,” Laurence’s voice came out from the other end of the hallway.
Beth looked embarrassed by the sound of his voice.
Jesse gave Laurence a stern look.  “Okay boy, go sweep out the service area.”
“Yes Mister Jesse,” Laurence replied then turned around and walked away.
Beth looked concerned while she watched Laurence walk down the hallway.  “Do you think he'll say anything?”
“Don't worry.  The colored folks around here know to keep their mouths shut,” Jesse replied while he had a horny glance at her cleavage.
Jesse gave Beth a kiss on her lips.  She embraced him.

Back at Woolworths, Ernie and Louie finished their lunch.  The bill was on the counter by Louie.
Ernie eyed Erica while she served a man his lunch at the other end of the counter.
Erica glanced back at Ernie and gave him a warm smile while she headed to the kitchen.
Jesse walked up to the counter and sat a seat down from Ernie.
Ernie looked over and almost choked on the rest of his sandwich at the sight of his father who looked intimidating. 
In the background, Howard took peeks of Erica while he worked behind the camera counter.  He was smitten.
Jesse saw Erica while she walked out from behind the kitchen  “Hey babe.”
Erica smiled while she walked over to Jesse.
Erica leaned over the counter and gave Jesse a quick kiss.
“I'll get your lunch,” she told Jesse then headed to the kitchen.
Jesse glanced over and saw Ernie staring at him.
Ernie smiled at Jesse and saw his brown snake skinned cowboy boots.  A familiar sight.
“What the fuck are you looking at?” Jesse asked Ernie and looked irritated by his stares.
Ernie felt uncomfortable then leaned over to Louie.  “We better go.”
Louie gulped down the rest of his coffee.  Then he placed $1.10 on the counter with the bill.
Ernie and Louie left the counter.
Jesse watched them leave with suspicious eyes.
Ernie and Louie walked through Woolworth and headed to the front door.
Ernie opened the front door and his eyes widen at the sight of Matt in his Sheriff's uniform and cowboy hat. 
Ernie was speechless while he moved aside.
Matt removed his cowboy hat while he entered the store.  He glanced back at Ernie.  “You from around here?”
“Ah,” Ernie nervously replied and was still speechless.
“We're passing through,” Louie spoke up.
“Passing through,” Matt said while he looked at Ernie. 
“Yes sir, we got laid off from Tom's Foods in Columbus.  We're heading to Atlanta for another job,” Louie lied.
“Laid off?” Matt said while he glared at Ernie making him nervous.
“Yes sir,” Ernie replied. 
Matt glanced at Louie.  “What's your name?”
“Louie Rodriguez.”
“You Mexican?” Matt asked Louie.
“Yes sir.”
“You look mighty familiar,” Matt said while he looked at Louie.
“Ah, I get that a lot,” Louie replied and felt a little nervous.
“And your name?” Matt asked Ernie.
“Err...Ah...Timmy Tyson.”
“Timmy Tyson,” Matt said then placed his right hand on Ernie’s shoulder and squeezed a little to let him know he was in control.  “I hope I don't have any trouble from the both of you.”
“No sir.  You won't,” Ernie replied while he squirmed in pain.
Matt removed his grip off Ernie's shoulder.  “Good.  Enjoy our peaceful town,” Matt said then he walked away into Woolworths.
Ernie and Louie rushed out of the store.

Ernie and Louie walked down the sidewalk away from the store. 
 “He's one friendly Sheriff,” Louie said in a sarcastic tone and rolled his eyes.
“He's my grand father,” Ernie said and looked worried.  “I’m thinking this might have been a huge mistake.”
“Are you thinking we should head back home?  Call this mission a bust and live with the future?”
Ernie glanced back at the front door of Woolworths.  “I don't know.  I just don't know.
Ernie and Louie walked down the sidewalk.
Louie saw the Waterford Majestic Theater up ahead.  “I’ll tell you what, let’s go see a movie to give you some time to think about things.”
Ernie looked at the theater marquee.  “Why not,” he replied.
Louie and Ernie headed across the street when it was clear of traffic.

Chapter 7

It was later that evening and Ernie and Louie walked down the two-lane road out of Waterford.
They were near the African-American shabby shack community.
“Are you sure about this?”
Ernie looked a little nervous.  “Yeah.  I'm thinking we should head back in the morning.  I thought this would be a walk in the park.  I'm in over my head.”
“Your grandfather is a large and intimidating man, as is your dad.”
“Dad sure loved using his belt to show he's a man,” Ernie said and shivered a bit remembering those days of getting a beating. 

At the Whitfield Chevrolet dealership, Jesse walked out of the front entrance.  
He saw Laurence while he walked through the lot and headed to the street.  Jesse couldn’t stand Laurence because Beth and Erica were friendly toward him.  
Jesse walked over to a red with red interior 1956 Chevy Bel-Air convertible parked next to a white with red interior 1956 Chevy Corvette.  Driving a brand new car was one of the benefits to being a salesman with the dealership.
Jesse opened his car door then saw Beth while she walked over to the Corvette.  Driving a Corvette was her benefit to being the dealership owner’s daughter.
Jesse gave her a wink while she opened up her car door. 
Beth looked worried while she got inside the Corvette and closed her door.  
Jesse and Beth started up their cars and drove away in different directions in the lot.

Later that evening, Ernie and Louie walked exhausted through the woods and approached the covered time machine.
Louie uncovered the front of the time machine.  He opened the front of the machine.  He reached inside then plopped a folded tent on the ground.
“ But I thought we were going home?”
“In the morning.  I'm exhausted from walking all day,” Louie said then yawned.
 “Remind me to repay you for everything,” Ernie said while he helped Louie unfold the tent. 

Back in Waterford, Jesse went home and it was now time for dinner.  He sat at the table with Erica, and young Ernie.  Tonight they had fried chicken, corn, mashed potatoes and sweet tea.
Jesse sat at his usual spot at the head of the table and Erica and young Ernie sat on the one side.  Erica always sat between Jesse and young Ernie.  She felt this seating arrangement helped prevent Jesse from his usual reaching over and smacking young Ernie.  It didn’t take much for Jesse’s anger to flare up with young Ernie.
“Dad, will you have a catch with me after dinner?” young Ernie said and looked hopeful.
“No.  I have some important business tonight.”
Young Ernie looked disappointed and Erica noticed.
“Can't you squeeze in some time with your son?
Jesse glared at Erica.  “I'm going to take a nap before I go out.”
“I'll have a catch with you,” Erica told Ernie.
Young Ernie smiled at Erica.
“Do it after I’m gone,” Jesse got up from the table and left the dining room.

The sun was slowly sinking toward the horizon.
Ernie and Louie sat around the Coleman stove where Louie heated up some canned spaghetti.
Ernie had the craving for some food back at Woolworth, but canned spaghetti would suffice tonight.

The sun started to sink below the horizon.
Jesse walked out of the house with a spring in his step.  
He strutted over to the Chevy Bel-Air and got inside.  He had a smile while he started up his car and backed down the driveway.  He always loved these secret meetings with Beth.
Jesse drove his Bel-Air down the street.
Young Ernie with a baseball and glove and Erica walked out of the house.
They walked to the middle of the front yard.
Young Ernie threw the baseball to Erica.  
She caught the ball and threw it back to Ernie.  He missed the catch.  He ran over and grabbed the ball out of the grass.  He threw the ball to Erica but it went a little astray.
Erica ran over to the house and picked up the ball.

The sun had dropped below the horizon and it started to get dark.
Ernie crawled out of the tent.
He walked way and headed toward the clearing.
Ernie stopped by a tree, unzipped his pants, and peed.
The headlights from two cars that drove down the dirt road caught Ernie’s attention and curiosity. 
Ernie quickly zipped up his pants and curiously ducked behind the tree.   He decided to spy on some teenagers necking 1950s style.
He curiously peeked around the tree trunk and watched while a red 1956 Chevy Bel-Air convertible and a white 1956 Chevy Corvette parked in the clearing facing the river. 
The headlights went out on both cars and the engines were turned off.  
Ernie gingerly walked closer to the cars.
A car door opened and closed.
Ernie gingerly walked to a tree closer to the two cars. 
He stopped and hid behind a tree ten feet from the cars.  He peeked around the tree.  His eyes widen in shock when he saw Jesse in the Bel-Air.
“What is he doing here?  And that doesn’t look like mom,” he said while he tip-toed to a tree to get a closer look.
 
Jesse sat behind the wheel of the Bel-Air and watched while Beth opened his passenger door. 
Beth got inside and scooted over to Jesse's side.
“Is that my step-mom?” Ernie asked himself while he craned his neck around the tree for a good glimpse.
Jesse immediately kissed Beth on her lips. 
She was non-responsive with the kissing.
Jess pulled away and looked a little concerned.  “What's wrong?”
Beth eyes welled up.  “I'm pregnant.”
Jesse looked like he didn't hear her correctly.  “You're what?”
“I'm pregnant.”
“Are you sure?”
“I'm sure.”  
Jesse ran his hands through his hair and looked worried.  “You're dad's going to fire me.  Then my dad's going to beat me.”   
“I don't know what to do?  Daddy will fire me then kick me out of the house for fooling around with a married man.” 
Jesse pondered about the situation for a few seconds.  “We only have one choice.”
“What's that?”
“Abortion.”
“Abortion?  How?  That's illegal.”
“I know a doctor over in Emerson that will do it.  But he charges a thousand dollars cash.” 
“I don't know about that.  Besides, I don't have a thousand dollars.”
“Me neither.  But that's our only hope to get out of this without anybody knowing,” Jesse said and looked serious.
Beth removed a hankie from her purse. “I know.  I really don’t know if that’s the answer she said while she wiped the tears out of her eyes with the hankie.
“It’s the only answer unless you want to tell our parents,” he said.
Beth thought about it for a few seconds.  “But we still don’t have the money.”
Jesse pondered for a few seconds.  “I'll figure out how to get the cash.”
“How?”
“Don't worry.  I'll figure it out,” Jesse said while he started pondering some solutions.
Jesse leaned over and gave Beth a kiss on her lips.
She looked at Jesse while more tears ran down her cheeks.  “When are you going to divorce Erica?  If you marry me, then when daddy retires, you can take over the dealership.”
Jesse looked tempted.  “Dad doesn't believe in divorce since he's a strict Baptist.  And with Erica's dad being a judge, it's going to be tricky.”  
She placed her head on Jesse's shoulder.  “I can't figure out why you married her in the first place.”
“Stupidity.  I was home from college for spring break.  There was a party here at this clearing with old high school friends.  I got drunk.  Erica had too much to drink.  We fucked in the woods. Then Ernie popped out nine months later.  The bastard cost me a professional football career.  Dad beat me with his belt for that.”
Beth smacked Jesse's thigh.  “Don't call Ernie a bastard.  I think he's adorable,” she said in a scolding tone.
 Over at the tree, Ernie's eyes welled up, as he heard all.  He moved away from the tree and stepped on a tree branch on the ground.  It snapped and the sound carried in the woods.
In the car, Jesse and Beth looked in the direction of Ernie.
“Someone's watching us,” Beth said.
Jesse slowly opened his car door. 
Ernie stood frozen on the broken tree branch below his right shoe.  He gingerly moved away.
“What the fuck are you doing here?” Jesse’s voice bellowed from behind Ernie. 
Ernie turned around and saw Jesse by the tree.  He bolted toward the direction of the time machine.
Jesse bolted after Ernie and tackled him to the ground within seconds. 
Jesse flipped Ernie over and gripped his throat.  “Why are you spying on me?”
Ernie looked scared to death while he gasped for air.  
Jesse made a fist and got ready to punch.
“Stop Jesse!” Beth yelled out from behind him.
Beth rushed over and grabbed Jesse's fist.  “He's just a bum.  He doesn't know us.”
Jesse had fire in his eyes while he stared down at Ernie.
“Let him go.  You know I hate violence,” Beth yelled at Jesse.
Jesse moved closer to Ernie's ear.
Ernie shook in fear and peed his pants. 
“If you don't keep your mouth shut. I'll get ya.  Because she won't always be around,” Jesse whispered into Ernie’s ear in a threatening tone. 
Jesse got off Ernie.
He walked over to Beth and grabbed her hand.
They walked away.
Ernie jumped to his feet and ran away. 
Jesse and Beth walked back to the cars.
“You have to control that temper if you want to continue seeing me.  Do you understand?” Beth scolded him.
Jesse nodded in agreement while he walked her over to her Corvette.
 
Louie relaxed on his back inside the tent.  His eyes slowly closed.
Ernie entered the ten in a rush.
Louie opened his eyes when he heard Ernie.
“Did you see a bear?” he asked Louie.
Ernie looked upset and on the verge of crying.  “No, my dad.” 
“Here?”
“He was parked in that clearing where the teenagers would park.”
“Was he was necking with your mom?”
“No.  He was with another woman.”
“Another woman?”
Ernie thought about what he saw for a few seconds.  “He cheated on my mom and got another woman pregnant.  My future step-mom.” 
“Whoa.” 
“He said his marriage was a mistake and called me a bastard.  No wonder he never wanted to do anything with me,” Ernie said while he held back his tears.
“I'm sorry, man,” Louie said while he patted Ernie’s should for support.
“He heard me in the woods and came after me.  He was ready to punch me but my step-mom stopped him,” he said then thought about his life for few seconds.  “She would always stop him from beating me when she was around.”
“Maybe we should head back now?”
Ernie thought about Louie's question.
“No.  Let' stay.  I have a life to save,” Ernie said and looked determined while he got on his back and stared at the top of the tent.

Chapter 8

Jesse’s mind was on Beth’s bad news while he pulled his Bel-Air into his driveway.  He wasn’t in any mood for anymore bad news.
He turned off the car and got out.
He walked over to the front door and got ready to open it, but something caught his attention to his right.  He saw broken glass in one of the panes of the living room window.  He was pissed at that sight and opened the door.

Inside the living room, Erica slept on the couch with the TV on while Jesse stormed inside.
“Who broke the window?” Jesse yelled while he stood by the window and pointed at it.
Erica woke up in a bit of a panic from his yelling.  “Ah?” she asked still being sleepy.
“I said, who broke the window?” he yelled again while he pointed at it.
Erica looked hesitant.  “It was an accident.”
“An accident?  How the fuck can it be an accident?” Jesse yelled a little louder.
“Calm down.  Ernie and I were having a catch.  He accidently threw it at the window.”
Jesse stormed off to the hallway.
“Please don’t,” Erica quietly talked to herself knowing what was going to happen next. 
Erica heard a bedroom door slam opened.
She waited and then the dreadful sounds of young Erne crying while Jesse beat him with his belt was heard.  Erica’s eyes welled up, as she hated these moments.  Erica was too afraid to move, as she knew Jesse would smack her around if she interrupted.
The smacking sounds of Jesse’s belt ceased.
A bedroom door slammed shut.
Jesse stormed out of the hallway and stormed to the front door.  “I'm going out for a few beers,” Jesse said then left slamming the front door behind him.
Erica got off the couch and rushed to the hallway.
Erica rushed down the hallway and opened up young Ernie’s bedroom door.
She rushed inside his bedroom and saw young Ernie sobbing on his bed.
Erica walked over and sat down on young Ernie's bed.  She picked him up and held him tight.  He sobbed in her arms.

Back at the time machine, Ernie and Louie were sound asleep inside the tent. 
“Ahhhhh!” Ernie suddenly cried out in pain.
Louie bolted up and looked scared.
Ernie bolted up and looked dazed.
“What the hell happened?” Louie asked while he looked around making sure nobody tried to break into the tent.
Ernie looked around a little confused.  “I had this dream and then someone started beating my ass with a belt.  Reminded me of the beatings my dad would give me,” he said then rubbed his butt cheeks.  “But I’ve never had a dream where I woke up feeling pain,” he added and looked totally confused.
“Sorry man, but you dad sounds like a complete asshole.”
“No need to be sorry.  He is an asshole.  I just wish he would be taught a lesson one day.”
Ernie lay down and his eyes welled up a little while he thought about previous beatings.  “I wish I could stand up to him,” he quietly said then closed his eyes.  A few more tears ran down his cheek.

Jesse drove his Bel-Air down the street.
“Pregnant.  How could this happen?” he talked to himself while he raced his car through a red light.  “How am I going to get the cash?” he said while he pondered an idea.  Then like a flash, an idea came to his head.  
He made a sudden screeching left turn down another street.

The dealership was dark and quiet when Jesse parked his Bel-Air by the front entrance.
He got out of his car and unlocked the side door.  He went inside. 

Jesse rushed through the showroom area then headed straight to Billy Watson’s office.
He rushed to Billy’s desk and started opening and rummaging through his desk drawers. 
He emptied all the stuff from the drawers on the floor.  

A little while later, Jesse left through the side door.  He left it unlocked and snatched up Laurence’s rubber boots.  
Jesse rushed over to the Bel-Air and opened the trunk.  He tossed the boot inside then quietly closed the trunk.
He rushed around and got back behind the wheel.  He leaned over and opened up the glove box door.  He shoved something wrapped up in a handkerchief inside it then closed the door.  
He started up the car and drove off.

Back at Jesse and Erica’s home, she lay on the couch and stared at the ceiling.  She looked down at her wedding ring.  She regretted drinking that night during the party.  She tried to have a loving relationship with Jesse, but he didn’t seem interested.  She talked about having another kid, but Jesse’s temper flared up every time she mentioned it. 
She slid her wedding ring off her finger.  She looked at it and her eyes welled up.  He slid her ring back on her finger and started a quiet cry.
She heard the front door open so she quickly turned to her side to avoid eye contact with Jesse.
Jesse entered the living room and saw Erica on the couch.
He ignored her while he walked through the room and went down the hallway.

An hour passed and Jesse lay in bed and stared at the ceiling.  Today’s events flooded his mind and kept him awake.  He tossed and turned to get comfortable to sleep, but he just stayed awake.  
Then he looked curious when he remembered something from tonight.  He looked bothered and jumped out of bed.
Jesse got dressed.
He rushed to the door.

Erica lay on the couch and just started to doze to sleep.  But Jesse’s footsteps coming down the hallway woke her up.
 She watched while Jesse rushed to the front door and left the house.
“What is he doing?” she said while she heard his car start up then back down the driveway.
Erica closed her eyes and tried to go back to sleep since she had to work tomorrow at Woolworths.

Back in the woods, Jesse drove his Bel-Air down the dirt road.  
He stopped before he got to the clearing and turned off the car.
Jesse quietly got out of the car.
He gingerly walked through the woods.
Jesse gingerly walked to the covered time machine.  He lifted part of the tarp on the left side and looked underneath.  “What kind of strange vehicle is this?” he quietly said while he looked at the wheels. 
Jesse saw the door and quietly opened it.  He sat down inside and looked at the console.  He touched the key and turned the ignition to the “Both” position.  Nothing happened but Jesse still looked suspicious of the strange vehicle.

A little while later, Jesse gingerly walked back to his Bel-Air and got inside.  He started up his car and backed down the dirt road and kept his headlights off.

Chapter 9

The sun rose and it was a little cloudy with a hint of rain.  It was Friday morning.
Ernie and Louie woke up and after a little bathing in the river they started their walk back into town.  Ernie had his camera around his neck to capture the needed evidence.
Ernie and Louie walked past the covered time machine.  They don't notice that the left side door was partially opened under the tarp.
Ernie and Louie headed down the dirt road and were soon walking down the two-lane road.

A little while later, they passed by the sign for the Indian motorcycle.  Louie drooled at the thought of buying that fine piece of machinery.
They headed back down the road and into town.

While Ernie and Louie walked into Waterford, the clouds started getting dark.
“I hope it doesn’t rain on us,” Louie said while he looked at the sky.
Ernie looked at the sky and silently prayed the rain would stay away. 

A little while later, Ernie and Louie walked down Waterford Blvd and the rain didn’t ruin their walk.
“Do you know what time it happens?” Louie asked while they walked down the street and passed by the First National Savings and Loan building.
“Noon.”
Louie glanced at his watch.  “It’s nine, we have three hours to kill.”
“Well, we do need some breakfast,” Ernie replied with a grin then headed down Waterford Blvd.
Louie’s stomach growled.  “Yep,” he said then rushed after Ernie. 

In the showroom of the Whitfield Chevrolet Dealership, Jesse sat behind his desk.  He tapped a pencil on the desk while in deep thought.  He glanced out the window front pondering his moves today.
He glanced over and saw Beth while she walked out of Billy's office.  She glanced over at Jesse and looked upset.
Jesse got up from his desk and walked over to Beth while she sat down at her desk.
Jesse looked over his shoulder.  The coast was clear.  “Don't worry honey.  We'll head over to Emerson tomorrow and everything will be back to normal.”
“I still don't have that kind of money,” she said while she sounded like she would cry at any moment. 
“Don't worry, baby, I said I’ll take care of it and I mean it,” he replied with confidence.
Beth looked unsure.  “Are you sure it's safe?”
“Of course its safe.  He's a doctor,” he replied and looked confident.
“There's another problem.”
“What's that?”
“Someone broke into Billy's office.  It's a mess.  The robber stole his thirty-eight special,” she said while she looked back at Billy’s office.
“Billy's going to be pissed when he returns on Monday,” he said while he glanced inside Billy's office and saw the mess all over the floor.  
“Daddy’s going to be pissed also,” Beth added.
Jesse saw Laurence outside near the side door.  “I’ll be back,” he told Beth then walked away from her desk.
Beth watched while Jesse headed to the side door and wondered why the sudden departure. 

Jesse stepped outside through the side door.
He saw Laurence who scoured the area in a panic.  “What's the matter boy?”
Laurence saw Jesse and looked upset.   “I'm sorry mister Jesse, but my rubber boots are missing,” he said while he looked around the area again.
“Missing?  How can that happen?” 
Laurence scratched his head while he looked down at the concrete.  “Don't know sir.  I left them here last night,” he said while he pointed to a spot by the wall.
Jesse pretended to get pissed.  “Boy, we can't afford to buy you new boots all the time.  In addition, someone went into Mister Watson's office last night.  It's a mess and I believe some things were stolen.  Do you know anything a about that?”
Laurence looked surprised with hearing that piece of news.  “Oh no sir.  I knows nothing about that,” he replied and looked sincere but a little nervous, as he knew Jesse hated him.
“Mister Whitfield left me in charge while he's on his European vacation, so I don't have a choice.  You're fired.  Get off the property immediately.”
Laurence looked stunned.  “But Mister Jesse, I left my boots here last night.  And I don't steal anything from Mister Watson.  I swear,” he pleaded. 
Jesse glared at Laurence.   “Get off the property or I'll call my daddy to come over and remove you with his police car,” he said and looked serious.
Laurence looked upset while he walked away.
Jesse watched with a smirk while Laurence walked away through the lot.
Jesse headed back inside the dealership through the side door.

In Woolworths, Ernie and Louie sat down at the food counter and waited for some service.  
Ernie’s camera was on the counter.
Four other people eat breakfast including Howard.
Howard had love in his eyes while he sneaked glances at Erica while she was inside the kitchen. 
Erica really liked Howard and sometimes-wished she dated Howard back in the day.  But she made her bed and must lie in it.  
Howard wished he asked her out when they were in high school.  He was still kicking himself in the rear for being too afraid to ask out a girl.
Ernie looked anxious while he eyed Erica.
Louie leaned over to Ernie.  “Are you going to tell her?” he asked in a lower voice.
Erica walked out from the kitchen.  She saw Ernie and her eyes lit up.
“I should. But I don’t know if I should today,” Ernie replied being a little afraid.
“You're back darling,” Erica said while she walked over to Ernie with her pen and pad ready.
“Of course, I love the wonderful service.”
“What will you have this morning?”
“How about some French toast, bacon, and orange juice?”
“Sure thing,” Erica said then looked at Louie.  “And you darling?”
“I'll have scrambled eggs, bacon, and coffee.”
Erica jotted down their order, turned around and walked away and headed to the kitchen.
“I don’t get a darling.  I'm telling you, she doesn't like Mexicans.”
“You're imagining things.  She did call an old man darling,” Ernie jokingly replied.
“I guess.”
Erica walked back to the counter with two cups of coffee.  She handed Louie his coffee then gives Ernie his coffee.
“I didn't order coffee,” Ernie said.
“It's on me,” Erica replied with a warm smile then walked away to attend to her other customers.
Louie leaned over to Ernie.  “I think it's time.”
Ernie debated in his mind while he watched Erica head into the kitchen.  He looked nervous while he waited.
Erica walked out of the kitchen with a plate of French toast and bacon and another plate of scrambled eggs and bacon.
She placed the plates in front of Ernie and Louie then looked past over his head.  A loving smile grew at what she saw in the store.
“Ah, there's something I need to tell you,” Ernie blurted out before he changed his mind.
“Ernie my darling!” Erica called out.
“Yes!” Ernie replied automatically.
Erica looked over at Ernie a little confused why he answered.
Ernie got a little embarrassed.  “Sorry.”
“Mommy!” young Ernie called out from behind Ernie.
That voice sounded familiar to Ernie.  He looked behind and he couldn’t believe his eyes when he saw himself when he was 3 years old.
Young Ernie walked to the counter holding hands with Wilma.
While Ernie ate his French toast, he couldn’t believe his eyes when he saw his grandmother Wilma. She looked so young and beautiful.
Louie leaned over to Ernie.  “Who is that hot looking woman with that young kid?” he whispered to him then took a bite of his scrambled eggs.
“That’ my grandmother and that’s me when I was three,” Ernie whispered back.
Louie looked at young Ernie then looked back at Ernie.  “You're here and over there. Weird.  Very weird,” he whispered back.
“I know,” Ernie said while he watched Wilma lift Young Ernie up and sat him down on a seat.  Wilma sat next to him.
“Did you want to tell me something?” Erica asked Ernie.
Ernie looked at Young Ernie and then looked back at Erica while she set their check down on the counter.  He got scared.  “I was wondering if I could take your picture with your son picture?  I'm a photographer.  I'll get it developed and give it to you.”
Erica looked down at Ernie's camera.  “I would love that.  Thank you.”
Erica walked over and to the other side of the counter. 
He got his camera ready while Erica walked over to Wilma and young Ernie.  
Erica posed with young Ernie and Wilma. 
Ernie snapped a picture.
Then he snapped another picture while Erica gave young Ernie a kiss on his right cheek.  
“Thank you.  I'll have it in a few days,” he told her.
Louie looked at Ernie and wondered how was he going to fulfill that promise while he ate some bacon.
Ernie remembered those sweet moments while placed the lens cover back on the camera.
“I'll get your French toast baby,” Erica told young Ernie then kissed the top of his head.
Erica walked back behind the counter then headed into the kitchen.
Ernie glanced down at the other counter and still can't believe his eyes while he saw his grandmother and himself as a child.
Young Ernie glanced over at Ernie.  He gave Ernie a warm smile.
Ernie leaned over to Louie.  “This is way to weird.  I'm smiling at myself,” he said in a whisper while he set his camera down on the counter.
Louie glanced over at young Ernie.   “You were a cute kid.”
Erica walked out of the kitchen with a plate of French toast and a plate of fried eggs.  She gave young Ernie the French toast and Wilma the fried eggs.
Young Ernie immediately grabbed his fork and dove into the French toast.
Erica walked away with a loving smile at that sight.
Ernie glanced over at young Ernie who smiled with a mouthful of French toast and a syrup ring around his mouth.
Ernie grabbed his camera and snapped another picture. 
Erica brought a cup of coffee for Wilma and a glass of chocolate milk for young Ernie.  
She glanced over at Ernie while she set the coffee and milk down.  “What's your name?” she asked him.
Ernie looked like a deer seeing headlights.  He wasn’t prepared for that question.  He quickly tried to come up with a name.  “Ah...Timmy.  Timmy Tyson.  And this is my friend Louie Rodriguez.”
Wilma glanced at Ernie and something felt strange with this stranger.  “Do you live around here?  You look vaguely familiar,” she asked.
Ernie was again taken by surprise and again wasn’t prepared.  “No Ma-am.  We're from Columbus and passing through.  Heading to Atlanta looking for some work.”
Louie felt neglected but shrugged it off then finishes his breakfast.  He figured this was Ernie’s special moment. 
“Good morning, Erica,” Matt’s voice bellowed from behind Ernie and Louie.
Ernie and Louie cringed at the sound of Matt's voice behind their back, as they knew who was in the store.  They turned around and saw Matt walking up to the counter in his Sheriff's uniform and cowboy hat in hand.
He walked over and gave young Ernie a kiss on the top of his head.  Then walked over and sat down next to Wilma and gave her a kiss on her cheek.  He glanced at the people at the counter.  “Where's Jesse?”
Erica walked over with a cup of coffee in hand.  She set the coffee down in front of Matt.  “He hasn't shown up yet,” she replied but deep down inside, she was glad he wasn’t in the store.
Matt looked over at Ernie and Louie and remembered the two strangers from yesterday.  “Are you enjoying our town?”
“Yes sir,” Ernie replied.
“Good.  I hope I won't have any trouble from the both of you?” Matt replied with a voice of authority.
Wilma lightly smacked Matt's shoulder  “Leave them alone, Matt.  They’re not causing any trouble.
Matt nodded at Wilma then he looked back at the store area.  “It's not like Jesse to miss out on our family breakfast.
“He's probably busy with a customer,” Erica said then she silently prayed Jesse wouldn’t show up.  Erica walked away and headed back into the kitchen.
Ernie glanced at Matt then leaned over to Louie.  “We better go.”
Louie glanced over at Matt and felt intimidated.  He nodded in agreement then he gulped down the rest of his coffee.
Ernie removed $1.25 and placed it on the check.
“Leaving?” Erica called out from the kitchen when she saw Ernie and Louie get off their chairs.
“Yes,” Ernie replied.
“Come back,” Erica replied with a warm smile.
Ernie and Louie walked away with short glances at Matt, Wilma, and young Ernie.
Matt sipped on his coffee and watched Ernie and Louie with suspicious eyes while they walked through the store.

Ernie and Louie stepped outside Woolworths.
Ernie looked at his watch.  “We have an a little over an hour to kill until the robbery,” he told Louie.
Louie looked around the area. “Well, I guess we can walk around and check out the place,” Louie replied.  
“We don’t have a choice.”
Ernie and Louie walked down the street.


Chapter 10

Thirty minutes had passed and Ernie showed Louie the places he would hang out to get away from Jesse.  When he was a teenager, he would find ways to slip out of the house to avoid Jesse’s hair trigger temper.
Ernie and Louie finally made it back down Waterford Blvd where they walked upon Whitfield Chevrolet. 
Ernie and Louie saw the new 1956 cars in the sales lot including a Corvette.
“There’s a sweet Corvette over there I want to check out,” Louie told Ernie and headed to the car lot.
Ernie reluctantly followed Louie to the lot.
Louie walked around a red with red interior Corvette.  He almost drooled on the shiny paint job.  “Isn’t she a thing of beauty?” he asked Ernie.
“She sure is,” Beth’s voice replied from behind Ernie and Louie.
Ernie turned around and his eyes widened in a little shock at the sight of Beth while she walked over to them.
Louie looked at Beth and didn’t know what to say next.
“So, are you in the market for a Corvette?” she asked Louie.
“Ah, I’m thinking about it, but just looking now,” Louie replied and liked what he saw when Beth walked up to him.
Beth extended out her hand at Louie.  “I’m Beth Whitfield.  Unfortunately, my one salesman Albert is busy with another customer, and my best salesman, Jesse, slipped away from the lot for some reason.  But if you can wait, I’ll make sure you get a good deal,” she told Louie.
Louie looked at the Corvette then back at Beth. 
Beth looked at Ernie and something seemed odd.  “Do I know you?  You seem really familiar,” she asked him.
“An, no, we’re from Columbus.  We’re passing through Waterford and heading to Atlanta,” Ernie replied.
“Well, wouldn’t it be nice to head to Atlanta in a sporty Corvette?” Beth replied with her best saleswoman voice.  “The wind through your face,” she added.
Louie looked at the Corvette and wanted it in the worst way.
Ernie glanced down at his watch.  “Hey Louie, we have to be going,” he said while he tapped his watch.
Louie looked at the Corvette with the $3,225 painted price on the windshield.  He looked at Beth.  “I’ll have to think about it.  That’s a lot of money at the moment,” Louie said.
Beth looked disappointed.  “Come on back.  We have some other Chevy’s that might be within your budget,” she said.
“I will,” Louie said.
Ernie motioned to Ernie that they should leave.
Louie nodded and they headed off to the street.
Beth watched them walk away and something about Ernie still bugged her.  Then she remembered he was the one Jesse started to beat in the woods.
She walked away and headed to the dealership building and was curious about Ernie.

A little while later, Ernie and Louie walked down the sidewalk and passed by the Waterford Majestic Theater where the “The Killer Is Loose” movie still played.

They jay walked across the street.

They rushed down the sidewalk where the First National Savings and Loan bank was visible down the street.
Then Ernie and Louie saw the robber run out of the bank.  The robber was dressed in black rubber boots, black pants, black shirt, black gloves holding a paper bag, and wears a black ski mask.  The robber was dressed exactly like the newspaper article Ernie read and had a 38-Special in his right hand and a paper bag in his left hand.

Ernie looked at his watch and it was only 11:50 a.m.  “He robbed it earlier,” he cried out to Louie then he bolted off down the street. 
Louie ran after Ernie but at a much slower pace.
The robber bolted down the sidewalk then turned right and ran down the side of the bank.
While the robber ran down the side of the bank, he dropped the 38-Special into the paper bag.
Across the street, Jeffrey Kingman walked down the sidewalk.  He stopped when he saw the robber running down the side of the bank. 
Ernie picked up his pace while he ran to the bank. 
Louie lagged behind and started to get out of breath.
Jeffrey saw Ernie turn and run down the side of the bank after the robber.

The robber ran to the woods behind the bank.
Ernie ran to the woods and saw the robber up ahead about twenty feet. 
The robber ran into the woods.
Ernie ran to the woods where the robber was still visible up ahead running between some trees.  
Louie lagged way behind huffing and puffing.
The robber glanced back while he ran and saw Ernie.  The robber got pissed he was being chased.  
Ernie quickly removed his camera from around his neck.  He stopped, aimed his camera and snapped a picture of the robber.
The robber suddenly dashed to the left by some bushes.
Ernie noticed the robber’s evasive move and he ran to the bushes.
Ernie made a left turn by those bushes.
He stopped by a large bush when the robber was no longer visible.  “Where the hell did he go?” Ernie said while he looked all around the area for signs of the robber. 
Then wham!  A fist came out of nowhere and smacked Ernie in his jaw.  Ernie flew backwards and slammed to the ground landing in his back.
Ernie was a little dazed.  He looked up just as a cowboy boot came out of nowhere and pressed on his chest.  
He looked up and saw the robber glaring down at him through his ski mask.  Ernie saw the lips of a white man and blue eyes behind that ski mask. 
The robber pressed his right brown snake skinned boot harder into Ernie's chest.  Ernie forgot about the lips and eye color while he squirmed in pain.  
The robber pressed his boot harder to where bones were expected to be broken at any second.
“Ahhh!” Ernie cried out in pain.
The robber reached down and snatched Ernie's camera from around his neck.  The robber looked at the camera then smiled.  He placed the camera around his neck. 
Ernie peed his pants in complete fear.
He reached down and grabbed Ernie's by his shirt and yanked him on his feet.  
The robber saw the wet spot on Ernie's crotch.  He chuckled then punched Ernie in his stomach.  
Ernie buckled over in pain. 
The robber pulled Ernie up by his shirt and punched him hard in the face. 
Ernie flew back and the back of his head smacked into a tree trunk.  He passed out and slid down to the ground.
The robber heard the sounds of someone running in the woods.  He looked at saw Louie about fifty feet away.  The robber aimed his 38 Special at Louie.
Louie saw the robber with his 38 Special aimed in his direction.  “Shit!” he cried out and ducked behind a pine tree.  A bullet hit the pine tree.  Louie hit the dirt and covered his head for protection.
The robber took off running.
Louie cautiously got up and peeked around the pine tree.  He saw the robber running away through the woods . 
Louie gingerly walked toward Ernie.  
“You okay?” Louie asked while he cautiously walked over to Ernie.
Ernie lay in the dirt out cold.
Louie looked concerned while he scanned the area over in case the robber came back.
All he heard was the sound of a car engine and then dirt flying everywhere while the robber drove away.
Louie knelt down at Ernie.  “You okay?” he asked Ernie while he lightly tapped Ernie’s cheek.  Ernie’s eyes fluttered a little.  Then his eyes opened.
“What happened?” Ernie asked when he saw Louie looking down at him.
“The robber kicked your ass,” Louie replied.
“My head is killing me,” Ernie said while he cringed in pain. 
“Do you have the strength to make it back to the machine?” Louie asked.
Ernie thought about his question for a few seconds.  “Yeah,” he replied then sat up.
“Good, because I want to be around here when your grandfather comes looking for the bank robber,” Louie said while he looked over his shoulder.
Louie helped Ernie to his feet.
Then Ernie looked down and saw the wet spot in his crotch.  “Ah man.  I did it again,” he said feeling ashamed. 
“Don't worry.  It happens more that what you think when you get older,” Louie said. 
The sound of a police siren was heard coming at the direction of the bank. 
“We better get away before your grandfather thinks we robbed the bank,” Louie said while he looked over his shoulder.
Louie and Ernie rushed away through the woods.  
Then Ernie's eyes widened when he remembered something.  “The robber.  He wore brown snake skinned cowboy boots,” he told Louie while they made their way deeper into the woods.
“So?”
“My dad wore those same boots at the drug store,” Ernie said.
“What?” Louie asked not sure what this means.
“My dad wore those same cowboy boots at the drug store.  In fact, I remember dad always wearing those types of cowboy boots,” Ernie said then he thought for a few more seconds. 
His eyes widened again when he remembered something else.  “The robber had blue eyes and the lips of a white man.  Not brown eyes and the lips of a black man,” he said with confidence.  He thought for a few more seconds then it hit him like a ton of bricks.   “Dad robbed that bank.  Not Laurence Lincoln.  Dad’s the bank robber!”
“Are you sure?”
Ernie cringed in pain while he nodded that he's sure.  “I can't believe it.  Why would he rob a bank?” he asked then thought for a few seconds.  Then his eyes widened.  “My step-mom's pregnant.  They talked about an abortion last night and needed a thousand dollars.”
“That sounds like a reason to rob a bank if you’re short of cash.  Abortions are illegal during this time and a crooked doctor would charge a hefty price to perform one,” Louie said.
Ernie stopped walking at Louie and then his eyes widened in fear.  “I wonder if dad really killed mom?”
Ernie turned around and started walking back to the bank.
Louie grabbed his arm and stopped him.  “Where do you think you’re going?”
“Talk to mom.  She has to know about dad,” Ernie said and looked determined.
“No.  I don’t feel safe heading back into town right now,” Louie replied and looked concerned.
Ernie looked at Louie.  “I believe he wants to kill her.”
“Let’s get back to the machine and plan our next move,” Louie said then he started walking away.
Ernie thought about Louie’s comment and felt he was right.  He walked after Louie.

During the whole trip back to the time machine, Ernie and Louie walked in the woods near the two-lane road.

They eventually walked back the time machine and Louie saw that the left door of the machine was partially opened under the tarp.  He got concerned and rushed over to the machine.
Louie moved the tarp and went under to investigate.  He opened the door and peeked inside the cabin.  He glanced around.  Everything looked intact but when he was getting ready to close the door, he noticed the key was missing from the ignition.
He looked on the floorboard.  It was not there.
He looked under the left seat.  It was not there.
Louie closed the door and got out from under the tarp.
He looked all over the ground near the time machine.  The key was not there.
“Shit,” he said while he closed the door.
Louie came out from under the tarp.   “I have some more bad news.  Someone went inside the machine and took the key out of the ignition.”
“What?”
“The key is missing from the ignition.  The time machine won't work without the ignition switched to both.”
Ernie looked a little exhausted and groggy. “Probably dad.”
“Well, we’re stuck here,” Louie said and looked worried.
“What ever, I’m exhausted and I have a splitting headache.  I need a nap,” Ernie said while he walked over to the time machine.
Louie followed while he tried to think of a work-around to the missing ignition key.
Ernie crawled into the tent and immediately closed his eyes.  At the moment, all he cared about was some sleep to get rid of his splitting headache.
Louie sat outside the tent and pondered their situation.

Back at the First National Savings and Loan bank, Matt finished jotting down information from all the witnesses from the robbery.
Then while he headed back to his police car, Jeffrey Kingman rushed across the street.
 “Sheriff, I saw the robber run out of the bank,” Jeffrey told Matt while he ran over to his police car. 
“Which way did he run?”
“Down the right side of the bank and headed to the woods,” Jeffrey replied. 
“Thanks Jeffrey,” Matt said while he jotted down the information.
“There’s something else Sheriff.”
“What’s that?”
“Two strangers ran after the robber,” Jeffrey added.
“Two strangers?”
“Yes, I’ve seen them walking down the street yesterday.  I’ve never seen them before.  I didn’t get a good description but one looked to be a young man and the other was older.  The young man wore a white tee shirt and blue jeans.”
Matt thought about the description for a few seconds.  “I’ve seen them before.”
“Do you think they were in cahoots with the robbery?” Jeffrey curiously asked.
Matt thought about his question for a few seconds.  “You just never know.  Thanks Jeffrey,” he said while he headed down the right side of the woods.
He searched the area around the rear of the bank and the woods for any evidence.  He came up empty handed so he headed back to his police car.

In the showroom of the Whitfield Chevrolet dealership, Jesse sat at his desk.  He looked a little on edge while he stared at the windows.
“Where were you earlier?” Beth asked from behind Jesse.
Jesse jumped startled by the sound of her voice.  He saw Beth standing by his desk and looked at her with a loss of words.
“I said, where were you earlier?”
Jesse pondered a response for a few seconds.
“Oh, I went out for a walk to think about our problem.”
“Did you hear that the bank was robbed earlier today?” she asked.
“I didn't,” Jesse replied while he looked away from Beth and looked a little nervous.  Then his eyes widened.  “You know, there were these two strangers hanging around town.  I bet they robbed the bank.”  
“I remember them.  They were here earlier looking at our Corvette in the lot.  One of them was the guy you started to beat last night in the woods.  You better go tell your father about them.”
Jesse glanced at the windows.  “Yeah, I better.
Jesse got up and rushed over to the door.
Beth watched him and thought his behavior was a little odd.

Out in the lot, Jesse ran to his Bel-Air.
He got inside the car and drove out of the lot.

Back in the dealership, Beth walked back to her desk and sat down.  Then her eyes widened then something dawned on her.  
“Could those guys have made it in time down to the bank?  They were on foot,” Beth talked to herself while she glanced out the windows and stared at the Corvette Louie was interested with. 
Jesse drove around town and pondered his next move.

An hour later, Jesse drove back to the dealership.   
“I couldn’t find Dad, he must be out there searching for the bank robber,” Jesse said while he walked up to Beth’s desk.
“On second thought, I don’t think they could have robbed the bank.  They left here on foot.”
“They’re strangers.  They would be my prime suspects if I were Sheriff.  I’ll let dad check them out,” Jesse said and looked sure of himself.
Beth replied then she remembered something else.  “In addition, where’s Laurence Lincoln?  I haven’t seen him all day.”
“Oh, I fired him earlier this morning,” Jesse replied.
“Fired him? Why?” 
“Well, he claimed he lost his pair of rubber boots and I’m thinking he was the one that broke into Billy’s office,” Jesse told her.
“What?  That doesn’t make sense.  Laurence’s been a faithful employee.  He’s never stole from us in the past,” she said and sounded upset.
“Well, they never steal from you until the moment they steal something from you,” Jesse said.
Beth looked even more upset.  “That doesn’t make a lick of sense.  I like Laurence.  I know you didn’t like him, but I like him.  He was always nice and pleasant,” Beth said.
“I’m sorry, but I was left in charge and I made a command decision,” Jesse said with an air of authority.
“Well, I’ll just have to get daddy to hire Laurence back after he returns from vacation,” Beth said then left in a huff.
Jesse walked back to his desk.
He sat and stared out the windows at the car lot.  He glanced back at Beth while she sat upset behind her desk.  He got up.
Jesse walked back over to Beth.
“Listen, I’ll go and rehire Laurence first thing in the morning,” he told her.
“Okay,” Beth replied and felt better.
Jesse walked back to his desk and sat down.  He tapped his pencil on his desk while he pondered his next move.

The sun started to drop below the horizon to signal the end of another day.
Jesse quietly sat at his desk in deep thought.  It was closing time and the dealership was void of customers and the other employees except for Beth and Jesse.
Jesse walked up to Beth’s desk while she placed her cover over her typewriter.
“I’ll pick you up in the morning around ten and then we’ll head over to Emerson,” he told her.
Beth looked a little nervous while she grabbed her purse and stood up.  “Are you sure this doctor knows what he’s doing?”
Jesse nodded that the doctor was good.
“But what about the money?”
“Ah…I…ah,” Jesse stammered for a few seconds.  “I contacted a friend who will give me a loan,” he lied through his teeth.  
“A friend?”
“Yeah, I also saw him when I drove around earlier,” Jesse lied again and started to sweat a little.
“I’ll let you handle that end, I just want the get things back to normal,” Beth said while she walked away from her desk and headed to the side door.
Jesse followed her.

Out in the car lot, Jesse and Beth did not show any signs of romance while they walked to their cars.
They got inside their cars, started them up, they drove off in different directions. 

A little while later, Jesse pulled his Bel-Air into his driveway.  He shut off his car then got out.  He looked around the nearby homes and none of his neighbors were visible. 
He rushed around to the trunk of his car and looked around the neighborhood.  The coast was clear as all his neighbors were inside his home.  Jesse opened up his trunk and swiftly removed a brown grocery paper bag.  He quietly closed the trunk
Jesse rushed to the side of his garage with the grocery bag.

Jesse quietly entered the garage from the side door.  
He looked at this workbench with drawers.
He looked at the bookcase full of crap that includes a couple of baseball bats.
He looked at the garbage can and smiled, as he knew this was the perfect hiding place.
He quietly walked over to a garbage can.  He removed the lid and dropped the bag inside the can. He quietly reinstalled the lid.
Jesse quietly headed back to the side door and went outside.

Jesse went inside the home through the front door and surprised Erica by being sweet.  

Chapter 11

The sun rose for the start of another humid July day across Georgia.  It was Saturday.

Back in the woods, Louie drank some coffee while he sat by the Coleman stove that had a pot of coffee freshly made. 
Ernie crawled out of the tent.
“How's your head?”
“It’s feeling better,” Ernie replied while he stood up and stretched. 
Louie grabbed the coffee pot off the stove then poured a cup of coffee into the extra cup.  He handed it to Ernie.
Ernie sat down by Louie and sipped his coffee.  He looked over at the covered time machine.   “What are we going to do about the ignition key?”
Louie pondered for a solution for a few seconds while he drank his coffee.  “I thinking I can take the ignition switch into a hardware store and they can make another key.
Ernie nodded that that sounded like a viable idea while he sipped his coffee.  
Louie suddenly looked worried.  
He jumped up and rushed over to the machine.
Louie quickly removed the tarp off the front of the time machine.  He opened the door on the top of the front end and peeked inside the storage area.  He removed a small metal box and opened it.  He looked relived.  “He didn't take my stash,” he told Ernie while he walked back over to Ernie.
Ernie looked a little worried.   “Stash?  Did you bring pot?  I can imagine what the prison sentence would be if we get caught with that here in fifty-six,” he said and looked around to make sure the law wasn’t coming to arrest them.
Louie chuckled over Ernie’s questions.  “No.  I meant my time traveling stash of cash,” he said showed Ernie the inside of the box.
Ernie peeked inside the box and saw numerous bills of different denominations.  He was relieved it wasn’t drugs. 
Louie reached inside the box and grabbed all the money.  He shoved the cash into his pants pocket.
Ernie drank some more of his coffee.  Then his eyes widened when he remembered something.  “Dad and Beth are probably going to head to Emerson today for her abortion.  I wish I had a camera to catch the moment, but then again, we don't have any transportation.  Or a camera,” he told Louie.
Louie thought about their situation.  Then his eyes widened and he snapped his fingers.  “I think I have a solution,” he said and a huge grin grew on his face the more he thought about it.  Louie tossed out the rest of his coffee into the dirt.  
He got up and headed over to the time machine and removed the tarp away from the cabin area.  He closed the door on the front end then rushed over and opened up the left door.  He leaned inside and started to remove the ignition switch.
Ernie got up and walked over to the time machine.  “What the solution?”
Louie looked back at Ernie with a smirk.
Ernie looked a little leery.  
“I’ll go get ready,” Ernie said then he walked over to some trees to pee.
Louie stayed inside the cabin of the time machine and removed the ignition switch. 

In Jesse’s home, he was still asleep in bed.
Erica took young Ernie with her to Woolworths, as she tried to avoid leaving him home alone with Jesse.
Jesse woke up and stared at the ceiling for a few seconds a little dazed.  Then he remembered it was Saturday and he bolted out of bed.
He ran down the hallway and went inside the bathroom.  He shaved then took a shower.

A little while later, Jesse entered the garage from the side door.  
He rushed over to the garbage can and removed the lid.  He reached inside the can then pulled his hand out with a bundle of twenty-dollar bills.  He shoved the bundle into his pants pocket.  He reinstalled the lid on the can.
He rushed over to the side door and went outside.

Jesse rushed over his Bel-Air and got inside.  He started up the car and backed down the driveway.
A neighbor across the street waved at Jesse while he drove his Bel-Air down the street.  Jesse had today’s potential event on his mind and didn’t notice the neighbor waving.  

Ernie and Louie walked out of the woods and headed down the two-lane road.
“Where’s this transportation solution?” Ernie asked, as he wasn’t looking forward for a day of walking. 
“Soon,” Louie replied while he saw the entrance to a dirt driveway forty-feet down the road.
Ernie was thinking how sweet it would be to sit in a car again while they headed down the road.
Louie stopped Ernie by the dirt driveway.
Ernie saw the piece of scrap wood that was nailed to the trees with "Army Indian Motorcycle with Sidecar For Sale" painted on it.  He looked at Louie then back at the sign.  “Is this your solution?”
Louie had a kids grin while he nodded it was.  
“Are you serious?”
“Oh yeah,” Louie replied while he looked back at the sign.
Ernie looked at the sign.  “What the hell, it sure beats walking to Emerson,” he said then motioned for Louie to head down the dirt driveway.
Louie walked down the dirt driveway with a spring in his step.
 Ernie tagged along behind him.

Ernie and Louie walked down the dirt driveway and came up on a farmhouse with a wrap-around porch and a red barn off to the side.
Behind the house and barn was a large corn field and rows of peach trees.
Louie picked up his pace while he rushed to the porch of the house.
Louie knocked on the screen door the second he got on the porch.
Ernie waited by the base of the stairs of the porch.
Jacob Stone appeared at the screen door in his overalls with a pipe in his mouth.  “Good morning.  Do you want to buy some peaches?” Jacob asked Louie.
“No sir,  I’m interested in your Indian motorcycle.”
“On my Indian,” Jacob replied with a smile thinking he had a buyer.  He opened the screen door and stepped outside to the porch.  “It’s in the barn,” he added then walked down the steps of the porch. 
Ernie and Louie followed Jacob while he walked over to the barn.

The barn door was already opened.
Jacob walked Ernie and Louie into the barn where his brand new 1956 red Chevrolet pickup was parked.  
“There she is,” Jacob said while he pointed to the faded green 1940 Army Indian motorcycle with sidecar that was parked behind the Chevy pickup.  
Louie walked around and checked out the Indian with sidecar that still had some of the Army markings.
“She belonged to my son who bought it from some Army surplus sale,” Jacob told Louie while he peeked inside the sidecar.
“The seat of the sidecar looks good,” Louie said while he felt around the inside of the sidecar.   
“How does she run?” Louie asked while he looked at the engine.
“Like she's brand new,” Jacob replied then smoked on his pipe.
Louie walked over and sat in the seat.  He kick started it and the engine started up with a loud varoom.  “She sounds nice,” he yelled out over the noise of the engine.
Ernie looked a little intimidated while he looked at the sidecar.  But he preferred to sit in it rather than on a seat behind Louie.  But not having seatbelts also concerned Ernie.  
“I'll even fill up the gas tank,” Jacob yelled out at Louie over the noise of the engine.
Louie revved up the engine with a grin then turned it off.  “I'll take her,” he said while he got off the cycle.
“Great.  I also have some other items that go along with her.  They’re in the house,” Jacob said while he headed to the barn door.
“Would you by chance have a camera for sale?” Ernie said while he and Louie followed Jacob.
“I sure do,” Jacob answered while he walked out of the barn.
Ernie and Louie followed Jacob over to his house.

Twenty-minutes later, Jacob helped Louie push the Indian motorcycle out of his barn.

After Louie gave Jacob $50, then a hand shake sealed the deal.
Ernie looked a little apprehensive while he placed the leather helmet and goggles on his head. 
Louie placed his leather helmet and goggles on his head then he sat down in the seat.
Ernie got inside the sidecar while Louie kick started the engine with a loud varoom.  He looked like a goof with his new camera strapped around his neck.
Louie drove the motorcycle away from the barn and headed to the dirt driveway.
Jacob reached inside his overall pockets and removed the cash.  He had a huge grin while he saw the fifty bucks of cold cash in his hand.
He walked off to this house smoking his pipe.

Louie pulled his Indian motorcycle with sidecar onto the two-lane road.  “Yahoooo! He cried out while he accelerated.
Louie raced the motorcycle around the bend.  The motorcycle leaned to the left and raised the sidecar up in the air.   The sidecar plopped back down on its wheels.
Ernie looked frightened while the motorcycle raced weaving down the middle of the street.  He had a death grip on the side of the sidecar.

A little while later, Louie had his motorcycle parked along Fay Avenue in front of Frazier’s Hardware Store.  Donnie Frazier closed down his store in 1974 when he retired and a True Value Hardware store moved in its location.  It was located across the street from the Waterford Police Department.

Louie and Ernie stood at the counter of the hardware store while Donnie Frazier, now in his late forties looked over the ignition switch.
Ernie looked at Donnie in awe, as he remembered coming in this place once in a while when he was young.  Donnie even gave Ernie a summer job in 1973 right after he graduated from high school.  Donnie did it as a favor to Beth so Ernie could earn some money for tuition at Georgia Institute of Technology. 
Donnie looked at Ernie then looked at the ignition switch.  He looked back at Ernie and something seemed familiar about him.  Donnie shrugged off that feeling.  “I can have a key done by Monday morning,” he said then placed the switch on the counter.
“Monday morning?”
“Yep.  I'm kinda busy with some other orders,” Donnie replied.
“Okay.  I'll be back on Monday,” Louie replied knowing he didn’t have a choice.
Louie and Ernie walked away and headed to the door.
They went outside the hardware store and headed to the motorcycle.
“I hope he can make a new key,” Ernie said while they approached the motorcycle.
“He should.  But if he doesn't, I'll figure out a way to rewire the machine, or we can stay here in nineteen fifty-six,” Louie replied while he sat down on the Indian. 
Ernie looked a little worried while he sat down inside the sidecar then placed the leather helmet and goggles on his head.
Louie kick started the cycle then he placed the leather helmet and goggles on his head.
Louie drove off down the street.
Then Louie turned down Waterford Blvd. 

A little while later, Louie found a parking spot down the street from Woolworths.
They got off the motorcycle and headed down the sidewalk.

Ernie and Louie entered Woolworths.
Ernie eyed the food counter the second he walked through the store.  The only customer he saw at the counter was young Ernie who ate his French toast breakfast.
“I want so much to tell her,” he told Louie when he saw Erica walk out of the kitchen with a glass of white milk.
“It's best we wait for the right moment,” Louie replied while he watched Erica place the glass of milk in front of young Ernie.
Ernie and Louie headed over to another counter that sold cameras.  Howard worked behind that counter.
“I need some film for my camera,” Ernie told Howard and set his new camera down on the counter.
Howard picked up the camera and looked it over.  “I can help you with that,” he said then walked away with the camera.
Ernie glanced over his shoulder and saw Jesse walking over to the food counter.
Ernie leaned over to Louie.   “Maybe he's not going to Emerson?” he whispered.
“What?”
Ernie motioned for Louie to check out the food counter.
Louie glanced behind him and saw Jesse sit down by young Ernie.
They both watched while Jesse talked with Erica.  
“Here's your film, sir,” Howard told Ernie and placed the camera down on the counter.  “That’s fifty cents.”
Louie reached in his pocket and pulled out two quarters.  He placed them on the counter.
Ernie moved away and inched toward the counter while he eyed Jesse.  He headed down the merchandise aisle closer to the food counter.
Ernie peeked over some merchandise and spied on Jesse and Erica at the counter. Young Ernie concentrated on eating his French toast.
Erica placed a plate of fried eggs and bacon in front of Jesse.
“I have an important business meeting in Emerson today,” Jesse said then he took a drink of his coffee and set his cup down.
“What kind of business?” Erica replied while she refreshed his coffee.
Jesse looked pissed with her question.  “It's none of your damn business.  I'll be there all day, so I'm going to spend the night and head back first thing in the morning.”
Erica nodded like an intimidated obedient wife.
Young Ernie reached out to grab his glass of milk.  He accidently knocked it over spilling milk all over the counter.  Some of the milk flowed toward the edge of the counter almost spilling onto Jesse’s pants.
Jesse jumped back the second he saw the spilled milk at the edge of the counter. He smacked the back of young Ernie's head.  “Watch what the hell you're doing!” he scolded in a raised voice.
Erica gave Jesse disapproving eyes while she took a rag and soaked up the spilled milk.
Ernie looked mad with Jesse’s smacking while he moved down out of sight from the counter. 
He duck walked away to the other end of the aisle.
Louie grabbed the camera and stood by the counter and watched Ernie.
He headed down the aisle.
“What the hell are you doing?” Louie asked Ernie while he walked down the aisle.
Ernie looked up and saw Louie at the end of the aisle.  He motioned for Louie to quickly duck down.
Louie ducked down when he saw Jesse standing up near the counter.  “What's wrong?”
“Dad's being his usual asshole self.”
“Is he staying here in Waterford?”
“No.  He told mom he's going to Emerson and staying overnight.”
Louie and Ernie duck walked down the aisle.
The second they get to the end of the aisle, they were greeted by an old lady.  
She looked down at them like they were weird.
“It’s a new type of exercise,” Louie said while he stood up.
“Helps burn off the excess weight,” Ernie added while stood up.
Ernie and Louie walked away.
The old lady watched while they rushed away.
She pondered for a few seconds then she smiled.  She started to squat down.  It hurt her back.  She got up and walked normal down the aisle.  “Dumb exercise.”
Ernie and Louie headed to the door and noticed Jesse was gone from the counter.
They rushed outside Woolworths.

Once Ernie and Louie got outside Woolworths, they saw Jesse get inside his Bel-Air that was parked down the street. 
They rushed down the sidewalk to the motorcycle.
They got on the motorcycle and quickly placed their leather helmets and goggles on their heads.
Louie kick started it with a varoom.
Louie pulled out into traffic after Jesse pulled his Bel-Air into traffic.
Louie drove his motorcycle down the street with Ernie in the sidecar and trailed Jesse’s Bel-Air.

A few minutes later, Jesse’s Bel-Air turned down another street toward a residential area.
Louie drove his motorcycle down Waterford Blvd knowing it headed out of town.

Chapter 12

An hour had passed.
Ernie and Louie waited in the motorcycle that was nestled between some trees by the two-lane road that lead out of Waterford.
Ernie started to doze off in the sidecar.
Louie's eyes started to drift close and his butt was getting sore from the motorcycle seat.
Then the sound of an approaching car was heard coming from the Waterford direction.
Louie opened up his eyes and saw Jesse's Bel-Air, with the top up, while it raced down the road.  
He leaned over and poked Ernie’s shoulder.
Ernie woke up and looked a little dazed and for a few seconds didn’t have a clue what was going on.
“I think they're coming,” Louie told him and motioned down the road.
Ernie looked and saw the Bel-Air while it raced closer to them.
Louie and Ernie watched while the Bel-Air raced past them with Jesse and Beth inside.
Louie stomped on the kick starter pedal.  The motorcycle engine wouldn’t turn over.  He tried again.  It wouldn’t start.  He tried again.  The engine started with puffs of smoke shooting out the exhaust pipes.
Louie pulled the motorcycle onto the road and raced after the Bel-Air.
“I gotta find a way to take this Indian back home,” he called out to Ernie while they raced after the Bel-Air.
Ernie rolled his eyes wondering why Louie loved this hung of junk.

Inside the Bel-Air, Jesse drove with Beth sitting by his side and wore a nice yellow sun dress.
Jesse wore his cowboy boots, jeans and a nice shirt with the sleeves rolled up so he can look cool.
Beth removed her shoes and socks.  She placed her heels of her feet on the dashboard while she leaned against Jesse. 
They were both unaware of the motorcycle trailing their car.
Beth reached over and turned on the AM radio.  The song “Ooby Dooby” by Roy Orbison played on the radio and was almost over.
“I love this song,” Beth said then her feet started swaying to the beat of the music.
“Well you won't be a struttin' 'cause now you know,” Beth sang out along with Roy Orbison from the radio.
Beth started dancing in her seat.
Jesse looked irritated and turned the channel.  
The song “Crazy Arms” sung by Patsy Cline played on the radio.
“Now that’s more like it,” Jesse said then started whistling along with the song.  “Someday my crazy arms will hold somebody new,” Jesse sang out along with Patsy Cline then he looked and blew Beth a kiss.
Beth frowned over hearing that song.  She reached over and turned the radio back to the other station.  The song “See You Later Alligator,” by Bill Haley and His Comets started.
“No, that’s more like it,” she said and gave Jesse the stare that he better not touch that radio knob. 
Jesse obeyed and left the radio alone.
Beth’s feet started swaying on the dashboard to the beat of the song.  “See you later alligator. After 'while, crocodile,” Beth sang out along with Bill Haley.
Jesse started to like the song.  “See you later alligator.  After ‘while, crocodile,” he softly sang out while he thought about Erica.
Beth sang along with the song while her feet swayed on the dashboard to the beat of the song. She wasn’t nervous about seeing the doctor, as being pregnant wasn’t on her mind at the moment.
Jesse thought about Erica and schemed on how he could get out of the marriage he loathed.

A few minutes passed and the song was over.  
“And now we have Elvis Presley’s new song called Don’t Be Cruel,” the disc jokey said over the radio.
“Elvis is so adorable,” Beth said while she listened to the new song that started.  Then she glanced up at Jesse and stroked his crew cut.  “Why don’t you grow your hair out like Elvis?  I think you’ll look sexy,” she said.
Jesse rolled his eyes at that thought.  “I like my hair the way it is.”
Beth listened to the new Elvis song for a few seconds.  Then she looked up at Jesse and got curious.  “How did you come up with the money?”
Jesse looked a little nervous, as he wasn’t expecting that question.  “Ah, what?”
Beth sat up and looked at Jesse.  “How did you come up with the thousand dollars?”
“Ah,” he replied then hesitated while he pondered for a good answer for a few seconds.  “I borrowed it from a friend.”
“A friend would let you borrow a thousand dollars?” she asked and looked a little leery of his answer.
“Yeah.  We were on the football team.  He's doing great up in Atlanta and he wired me the money.  And of course he sent me a payment plan to pay it all back with interest,” Jesse lied through his teeth.
Beth thought about his answer for a few seconds.  “He must be a really good friend,” she said then rested her head against Jesse’s shoulder.  But she looked like she has doubts, but didn't want to know the truth.  
She propped her feet back up on the dashboard. They started swaying to the beat of the Elvis song.
Jesse looked relieved when she quit asking those types of questions.
Beth's feet stopped swaying on the dashboard.  She looked serious while she glanced back up at Jesse.  “I've been doing some thinking during the last couple of days.”
“About what?”
“I've been thinking that if you don't divorce Erica, we should stop seeing each other.  I can't sneak around anymore.  I want to marry you,” she said while she ran a finger around her ring finger longing for a wedding ring.
Jesse felt the pressure and knew he better do something quick, as he didn’t want to lose Beth.  She was way too sexy to let go.  “We'll have to leave town.” 
Beth took Jesse's arm and placed it around her shoulder while she cuddled up to him.  “Then we'll leave town.  We can start a new life up in Atlanta.   Maybe your friend can help us find jobs?” she said.
Jesse went into deep thought while he thought about Erica.  Then an idea popped into his head on how he can get rid of her.  It would be risky, but he knew he could pull it off.  But he also thought the risk would be low, especially since those two strangers that have been hanging around town.

Ernie and Louie still continued to follow Jesse’s Bel-Air and kept a safe distance behind.

Twenty minutes later, Jesse drove his Bel-Air down the road toward the outskirts of Emerson, which was a larger town as compared to Waterford.   

Jesse and Beth saw the “Welcome To Emerson, Population 4,698” sign to the right.
Beth started to get a little nervous since they were closer to the doctor. “We’re here,” she said while she glanced around at the buildings of Emerson.
Jesse drove his Bel-Air straight down Peachtree Street, which was the main drag of Emerson.
Louie trailed three car lengths behind the Bel-Air on his motorcycle.  
Jesse and Beth were still clueless that the motorcycle with sidecar was following them.
While Jesse drove his Bel-Air down Peachtree Street, he saw the Emerson Motor Court on the left side.  
They drove down Peachtree Street a little farther and passed by a Sinclair gas station on the right side.
A little farther down the street, Jesse made a left-turn down Bryant Avenue.
Louie turned his motorcycle down Bryant Avenue.
While Louie drove down Bryant Avenue, Ernie saw Hank’s Camera Shop on the right side of the street.  
Jesse made a right turn down Lee Street.
Beth started to fidget a little in the seat.  She moved away from Jesse.
Louie turned his motorcycle down Lee Street.
Everybody passed by a Woolworths on Lee Street and Ernie thought about Erica the second he spotted the store.
Jesse drove down Lee Street then made a left turn down Jefferson Lane, which was a residential street.
Louie turned down Jefferson Lane.
Jesse drove down Jefferson Lane and when he got halfway down the street, he pulled over to the curb by a "Robert Sampson, MD" sign out by the sidewalk.
He turned the car off and placed it park.
Beth looked really nervous while she glanced at the sign and started to shake a little.  “Are you sure he knows what he’s doing?”
Jesse noticed Beth started to shake a little.  He held her left hand.  “He came highly recommended from a friend that used him when we were in college.   His girlfriend survived,” he said.
“I’m still afraid,” she replied.
“Well, we can go back to Waterford and let our parents know you’re pregnant,” Jesse said then started up the car and placed it in drive.
Beth thought about the alternative.  “Let's get this over with,” she said knowing the alternative would be pure hell.
Jesse placed the car back in park and turned off the engine.

Louie pulled his motorcycle along the curb across the street three houses down from Dr. Sampson's office.
Ernie got his camera ready the second he spotted Jesse and Beth getting out of the Bel-Air.
He snapped a picture while Jesse and Beth walked down the walkway and headed to the front porch of the doctor's home.
“You know, I'm starting to feel a little guilty with getting Beth in trouble.  She's been good to me and prevented a lot of beatings by dad's belt, while he snapped another picture.
“The causalities of war my friend.   The causalities of war,” Louie replied while he looked at Beth and Jesse.
Ernie looked at Louie.  He accepted his response but he still felt guilty while he saw Jesse and Beth waiting at the doctor's front door.

Jesse and Beth stood by the screened door on the porch.  Jesse took a deep breath then he knocked on the screen door.
A few seconds passed and footsteps could be heard from inside the house walking to the door.
The front door opened and Doctor Robert Sampson, sixty-years old appeared behind the screen door.   “You Jesse?  And is this Beth?” he asked and appeared a little cautious.
“Yes sir.  My friend Ricky Burrows recommended me,” Jesse replied.
Dr. Sampson opened his screen door and motioned for them to step inside.
Jesse and Beth stepped inside his house.

Dr. Sampson took a quick glance outside and was satisfied that the coast was clear.  He closed the front door.
Jesse reached in his pocket and removed a wad of cash.
Dr. Sampson stuck his hand out and salivated over the sight of all that cash.
Jesse placed the cash in Dr. Sampson's hand and he immediately started counting.  He was satisfied and shoved the cash into his pocket.
“Are you ready, darling?” Dr. Sampson asked Beth.
Beth’s body started shaking again.  
Dr. Sampson noticed and placed an arm around her shoulder.  “Don't worry darling.  You're in good hands,” he said in a comforting tone then he looked at Jesse.  “You can wait in the living room.”
Dr. Sampson walked Beth down the hallway.
Jesse walked into the living room.
Dr. Sampson walked Beth into a small room he used for examinations and abortions.
Beth started to get a little weak in the knees.
“You can get undressed behind that privacy wall.  There’s a gown you can wear,” Dr. Sampson said while he pointed a finger at the privacy wall.
Beth went behind the privacy wall.  Her hands shook while she started to remove her dress.  She dropped it to the floor and then removed her bra.  She dropped it to the floor.  She slipped her panties down to her ankles and stepped out of them.  She stood bare ass naked and thought about chickening out, but the sounds of her father’s voice screaming at her haunted her mind, so she slipped on the gown.
She stepped out behind the privacy wall.
“Hop up on the table and place your legs in the stirrups,” Dr. Sampson while he checked his instruments.
Beth hopped up on the table and placed her feet in the stirrups.  She turned pale and was on the verge of passing out while Dr. Sampson walked over to her with a mask covering his mouth.

In the living room, Jesse nervously paced back and forth while he waited.  

Louie and Ernie waited outside on the motorcycle.
Then Louie saw some peering eyes from behind the living room curtains by the house where they parked.  
“We better leave and come back before someone calls the cops,” Louie told Ernie while he motioned to check out the house they were parked in front of.
“We could get something to eat at the Woolworths we passed on the other street,” Ernie replied when he saw the peering eyes behind the curtains. 
Louie kicked started his motorcycle and drove away from the street.
The peering eyes behind the curtains went away satisfied those strangers were gone.

A little while later, Ernie and Louie ate lunch at Woolworths.
Chapter 13

A couple of hours had passed and Louie drove his motorcycle back down Jefferson Lane.
They saw Jesse’s Bel-Air still parked along the curb by the doctor’s house.
He parked his motorcycle along the curb five houses down from Dr. Sampson’s residence.  He turned off the engine and along with Ernie, they waited for Jesse and Beth to come out of the house.

Ten minutes passed and nobody from the nearby houses was concerned with Louie and Ernie sitting on his motorcycle.
Then they saw the screen door of Dr. Sampson’s house open.
“I think they're coming out,” Louie told Ernie.
Ernie got his camera ready and saw Jesse step out onto the front porch.
He looked through the camera and saw Beth slowly step out to the porch.  She was bent over and appeared in pain.  
Ernie moved his camera away from his face and looked concerned while he saw Jesse slowly escort her down the steps of the front porch. 
He looked back in the camera and snapped a picture of Jesse walking a painful Beth down the walkway to his car. 
Jesse opened the passenger door.
Louie and Ernie watched while Beth painfully sat in the passenger seat of the Bel-Air.
“She's not looking so good,” Ernie said and looked concerned for Beth.
“I hope that doctor isn't a quack,” Louie replied and had his doubts.
Ernie's eyes widened when he remembered something.  “That's why she couldn't have children in the future.  That abortion screwed up her insides,” he said and felt sorry of her.
“Figures he’s a fucking quack,” Louie said and looked pissed while he looked at the doctor’s sign by the sidewalk.
Louie and Ernie watched while Jesse closed the passenger door, ran around to the driver’s side and got inside.  
The Bel-Air drove away.
Louie kicked started up his motorcycle.  
He pulls out onto Jefferson Lane and followed the Bel-Air. 

A little while later, and Jesse drove his Bel-Air back down Peachtree Street. 
Louie and Ernie on the motorcycle followed Jesse's Bel-Air.
“Is he heading back to Waterford?” Louie called out.
“He told mom back at Woolworths that he was spending the night in Emerson,” Ernie replied.
Then they saw Jesse make a right turn into the parking lot of the Emerson Motor Court.
“That answers that,” Louie said when he saw Jesse drive his Bel-Air to the office of the motor court.
“Figures,” Ernie said while he watched the Bel-Air.
“She’s probably too sore for that,” Louie replied.
Louie pulled his motorcycle off to the curb.  He let the engine idle while he and Ernie watched Jesse get out of his car and rush into the office.

An old man sat behind the counter of the motor court office.
The old man watched while Jesse rushed up to the counter.  
“I need a room for the night,” he told the old man and looked anxious.
The old man peeked around Jesse and looked at the office windows.  Outside he saw Beth sitting in the Bel-Air with her head resting on the top of the front seat.  “Is she okay?”
Jesse looked over his shoulder and saw Beth inside the Bel-Air.  He pondered for  few seconds for a good story.  “Yeah, we’re tired.  We drove from Memphis.  We’re heading back to Columbus.  We just had our honeymoon,” he lied. 
“Honeymoon you say?” the old man said.
“Yep, honeymoon,” Jesse replied and gave the old man his best poker face.
“Okay,” the old man replied then moved the guest register in front of Jesse and handed him a pen.
Jesse filled out the register as Mister and Misses Jesse Conner without thinking.
“That’ll be ten dollars,” the old man told Jesse.
Jesse reached around and removed his wallet.  He removed a ten-dollar bill and handed it to the old man.
The old man turned around and gave Jesse the key to Room 12.
Jesse turned around and rushed to the door.
Jesse rushed out of the office and hopped back inside his Bel-Air.
He drove off and parked by Room 12 down to the left of the office.
Louie and Ernie still watched from the motorcycle while Jesse got out of his car and rushed over to the passenger side.
Ernie got his camera ready.
Louie and Ernie watched while Jesse carefully assisted Beth out of the car. 
Ernie snapped a picture while Jesse carefully walked Beth to the room door.
Jesse and Beth went inside the motel room.
“Nothing we can do by waiting here,” Louie said while he glanced over at Ernie and his camera.  “Let’s see if we can get those pictures developed,” he added then pulled his motorcycle onto Peachtree Street.
Louie drove his motorcycle  little way down the street.
When traffic was clear, Louie made a sudden U-turn on Peachtree Street and headed back into town.
“I’m glad a cop wasn’t around,” Ernie said while Louie drove down Peach Street.
“Me too.”

A little while later, Ernie and Louie walked through Woolworths.
Ernie glanced over at the food counter and thought about Erica while they walked to the camera counter.
They stood and waited at the counter for some service. 
A salesman walked up to them from behind the counter.  “May I help you?”
Ernie opened his camera and removed the film canister.  He set it on the counter.  “We need this developed right away, please,” he said.
The salesman picked up the film canister.  “Film takes a week to develop.”
“A week?  You don't have one hour developing?” Ernie asked with hopeful eyes.
The salesman looked at Ernie like he nuts.  “No, a week.”
Ernie looked at Louie who motioned they don't have a choice.
“Okay.  A week it is,” Ernie said disappointed but knew he didn’t have a choice.
The salesman reached under the counter and grabbed an envelope and a pen.  He slid them across the counter to Ernie.  “Fill out the envelope,” the salesman said.
Ernie looked at the envelope.  He got an idea then took the pen and started to fill out the information.  He then dropped the film canister inside the envelope then sealed it.  He handed it back to the salesman.
The salesman read the envelope then looked at Ernie.  “You want the developed pictures to go to Sheriff Matt Conner in Waterford?” he asked to be sure.
“Yes sir.  Please mail them to Sheriff Matt Conner in Waterford.”
“Okay.  Please pay in advance.  That will be one dollar and twenty cents,” the salesman said.
Louie removed some cash from his pocket and paid the salesman.
Ernie and Louie walked away from the camera counter.
“There’s some things about the fifties that I don’t like, like developing film,” Ernie said while they walked to the front door.

Louie and Ernie walked out of Woolworths and headed to the motorcycle parked along the street.
They got on the motorcycle and Louie drove away down the street.

A little while later, Louie drove his motorcycle back down Peachtree Street.
He parked along the street near the Emerson Motor Court.  He turned off the engine and they waited while they eyed Jesse’s Bel-Air by a motel room.

A few minutes passed and Ernie got a smirk when an idea slipped into his head.  “Wouldn't it be funny if we could get Erica to call his motel room?”
Louie thought about Ernie's comment for a few seconds then chuckled.    “That would be or, what if we call your grandfather and tell him that the bank robber is in the motel room?  Shacked up with a pregnant woman,” he added with a smirk.
Ernie thought about Louie's suggestion and he grew a smirk.  “I like that.  Let's do it.”
Louie kicked started his motorcycle.
He pulled out and drove down the street.
When traffic was clear, Louie made another U-turn and headed back down Peachtree Street.

Louie pulled his motorcycle into the Sinclair gas station where a glass phone booth was located near the sidewalk.
Louie parked his motorcycle by the phone booth and let the engine idle.
Ernie jumped out of the sidecar and ran over to the booth.  He went inside while Louie waited on the motorcycle.
Ernie grabbed the dangling phone book and started flipping through the pages.  He stopped when he found Matt’s phone number in the Waterford section of the book.
Ernie dropped a dime into the pay phone.  He punched in Matt’s number.  He waited.  A ringing was heard from the phone.  Ernie started to get a little nervous.  
“Sheriff Conner,” Matt answered the call.
Ernie froze over the sound of his grandfather’s voice.  
“Sheriff Conner.  Can I help you?” he said a little louder and sounded irritated.
Ernie got too nervous and hung up the phone.
He stepped out of the phone booth and looked a little ashamed.
“He wasn't at home?” Louie asked.
Ernie felt like a coward while he walked back to the sidecar.  “He was at home.  I just chicken out,” Ernie said while he got inside the sidecar.
Louie got off his motorcycle.  He reached inside his pants and removed a dime.  “I'll do it,” he said then walked over to the phone booth.
Ernie thought about the situation while Louie entered the phone booth.  “On second thought.  That might not work.  Grandfather might think it's a prank phone call.  We need to find the outfit he wore.  That might help.”
Louie thought about Ernie’s comment for a few seconds.  “You might be right,” he said while he turned around and walked back to the motorcycle.
Ernie pondered while Louie got back on his motorcycle.  “We'll have to catch him in the act of trying to kill mom.  I'll stop him while you get my grandfather.”
Louie thought about Ernie's suggestion. “That's risky.  Can you fight him off?”
“I don't have a choice.  I'll have to give it my best shot,” Ernie said and looked a little nervous while Louie kicked started the motorcycle.
Louie drove out of the Sinclair gas station lot and onto Peachtree Street.
He headed back in the direction of the Emerson Motor Court and they had a discussion how they can screw with Jesse.
“Are you sure about this?” Louie asked Ernie. 
“Yeah.  It might slow him down tomorrow morning,” Ernie replied and looked confident.
Louie reached in his pants pocket and removed a pocketknife.  “Don’t get caught,” he said while he handed him the knife.
Ernie took the knife.  “That’s not my plan,” he said while he shoved the knife into his pants pocket.
Ernie got out of the sidecar.
Louie watched while Ernie ran to the motor court.  “He’s finally growing a pair,” he said and felt proud of Ernie’s determination.  “But he does look like a nerd with that leather cap on his head,” he added with a chuckle while he watched Ernie.

Ernie snuck over to the rear of Jesse’s Bel-Air.  He ducked down by the trunk.  He peeked around the driver’s side of the car.  It was quiet inside Room 12.
He scooted down the passenger side of the Bel-Air.  He stopped by the front of the car.  He peeked around the car and saw it was still quiet.  
He headed to Jesse's motel room window.
He got to the window and saw a gap in the curtains.  He peeked and saw Beth on the queen size bed.
“It still hurts!” Beth cried out in pain from the bed.
Ernie saw Jesse pacing back and forth in the room, and he looked worried.
“You'll feel better after a good night's sleep,” Jesse said while he walked over to the bed and sat down on the edge.  
Beth was in tears.
Jesse looked lost with handling this situation.

Outside the motel room, Ernie scooted back to the Bel-Air and headed to the rear of the car.
He moved around to the rear driver’s side.
Ernie removed the pocketknife while he scooted over to the driver's side rear tire.  He opened up the knife then sliced the air valve.  Air hissed out of the slit.
 
Back in the motel room, Jesse still sat on the edge of the bed and looked at Beth.
“Please get me some more pain pills from the doctor so I can sleep,” she pleaded.
“Okay,” Jesse said while he got up off the bed.
He walked to the door and went outside the room.

Outside, Ernie heard the door to Room 12 open.
“Crap,” he said then he scooted over to the rear of the Bel-Air.  He peeked down and looked underneath the car and saw Jesse’s cowboy boots while he walked to the driver’s door.  Ernie heard the hissing sound of the air from the tire.
Ernie quietly scooted over to the passenger side of the Bel-Air.

Across the street, Louie saw Ernie crotched down by the passenger side while Jesse walked over by the driver’s side.  “Shit,” he said and kicked started up his motorcycle.

Jesse walked to the driver’s door.  He placed a hand on the door handle but a hissing sound coming from the rear caught his attention.
He looked around then realized it was coming from the rear of the car.
He walked to the rear tire and saw it was started to go flat and the hissing sound was louder.  “Damn it!” Jesse yelled then he kicked his tire.
He walked over and opened up the trunk.  He removed the spare tire and slammed it down on the ground.  He removed the jack and slammed it on the ground.
He suddenly looked suspicious and looked over his shoulder.  He saw nothing that looked suspicious so he grabbed his jack and started to set it up on the rear bumper.
While Jesse jacked up the rear of the Bel-Air, something caught his attention.  It was Ernie while he bolted away from the car and raced toward the street.
Jesse ran after Ernie.  “Who the hell are you?” he yelled while he ran after Ernie.
Ernie ran out into the street without looking.
A male driver of a 1955 white Cadillac slammed on its brakes when Ernie ran out in front of his car.
Ernie stopped and the Cadillac stopped inches from his body.
“Idiot!” the driver yelled out his window.
Ernie ran across the other lane.
The Cadillac drove away and blocked Jesse from running into the street.
Ernie ran over and hopped in the sidecar.
“I did it.  I sliced his air valve,” Ernie called out and was proud he was able to pull this off without getting a beating from Jesse.
Louie pulled out onto the street and drove away down Peachtree Street.
Jesse stood by the curb.  “Who the hell was that?” he asked while he watched the motorcycle race down the street.   He looked back at the motel and remembered Beth.  
He walked back to his car.

A little while later, Louie raced his motorcycle with Ernie in the sidecar down Peachtree Street and was soon out of the town limits.  
They passed by a "Thank You For Visiting Emerson" road sign on the right.

Back at the Emerson Motor Court, Jesse finished changing his tire.  He slammed the old tire into the trunk.  He picked up the car jack and slammed it into the trunk.  He slammed the trunk closed then rushed over to the driver’s door.
Jesse got inside his car, started it up, and backed up.
He raced his car through the motor court parking lot and headed to Peachtree Street.

Louie raced his motorcycle down the two-lane road.  They passed by a “Waterford – 10 Miles” sign on the right side of the road.

In Emerson, Jesse parked his car by the curb at Dr. Sampson’s home.  
He got out and ran to the front porch.
He ran to the screened door and opened it.  He started pounding on the front door.
The front door opened and Dr. Sampson appeared with a glass of whiskey in hand.  “What are you doing here?” he asked Jesse and looked bothered he was at his home.
“She needs more pain pills.  The pain won’t go away,” Jesse said.
“I’m sorry, I gave you all she needs,” Dr. Sampson said then he started to close his front door.
Jesse shoved his cowboy boot into the doorway and prevented the door from closing shut.  Jesse body slammed the front door and stormed inside the doctor’s home.

Dr. Sampson fell down on his butt and spilled his whiskey on his shirt.
Jesse reached down and grabbed Dr. Sampson by his shirt.  He pulled Dr. Sampson to his feet.  “You didn’t hear me old man, she needs some more pain pills.  Now I can’t go to a drug store and tell them why I need pain pills, can I?” Jesse yelled at the doctor.
“Okay, okay,” Dr. Sampson said while he caved in.  He motioned for Jesse to follow him down the hallway.

In Waterford, Louie drove his motorcycle down Waterford Blvd.
At the First National Savings and Loan, Matt was checking out the area along the side of the bank for any possible clues of the robber.
He heard a motorcycle.  He looked and saw Louie and Ernie on the Indian while it drove down the street and headed out of town.  “Jacob must be out for  ride with his son,” Matt said then he returned to scouring around the grass.

In Emerson, Jesse raced his Bel-Air back to the Emerson Motor Court.
He rushed back into Room 12 and immediately gave Beth two of the pain pills he got from Dr. Sampson.

The sun started to drop below the horizon.
Louie drove his motorcycle down the dirt road.
He turned off the dirt road and drove through the woods toward his covered time machine.
He stopped by the tent and turned off the engine.
“I'm exhausted and my butt cheeks are sore,” Louie said while he got off the motorcycle.
“Me too,” Ernie said while he got out of the sidecar.  “I want to head over to mom’s house first thing in the morning,” he added while he walked over to a tree and started to pee.
Louie went inside the tent.

Back in Room 12 of the Emerson Motor Court, Beth was asleep, as those pain pills took effect.
Jesse was sound asleep on the other side of the bed.

It was dark back in the woods but the full Moon provided some light. 
Ernie stood in the clearing along the edge of the Waterford River.  He was in deep thought while he thought about Erica and stared at the river.
Ernie heard footsteps behind him.  He turned around and saw Louie walking over to him.
“What ya doing?”
“Thinking about tomorrow.  It could be the last day of my mom’s life.  Again,” Ernie said while he started at the river and looked at the moonlight’s reflection on the flowing water.
“Well, we’ll just have to prevent that from happening,” Louie said while he patted Ernie on his shoulder to show his support.
Ernie nodded that he agreed but down inside, he started having doubts he could pull this off.
“Let’s get some sleep,” Louie said then walked away back to the tent.
Ernie walked away and followed Louie over to the tent.

An hour had passed.

In Room 12 of the Emerson Motor Court, Beth was still asleep.
Jesse lay awake in the bed and stared at the ceiling.  All he could think about was his plan to get out of this horrible marriage with Erica.

Back in Waterford, Erica lay in bed and stared at the ceiling.  All she could think about was her horrible marriage to Jesse.  She deeply regretted getting drunk that night at the party and falling prey to Jesse’s charm in the wood.

Back in the tent, Ernie and Louie were sound asleep.  But Ernie tossed and turned while he had a dream.

In Ernie’s dream, he walked to Erica’s front door.  
He opened the door and stepped inside her living room.  
“Stop!” Erica screamed out from the bedroom area.
Ernie ran through the living room.
Ernie ran down the hallway.
Ernie ran into Erica’s bedroom.
He stopped dead in his tracks in the doorway the second he saw Jesse with a pistol to Erica’s head.
“Stop!” Ernie yelled out.
“Who are you?” Jesse yelled at Ernie in anger.
“I’m your son, Ernie.”
“So you’re Ernie?  All grown up,” Jesse said while he looked at him.
“Don’t kill mom,” Ernie yelled and had his fists clinched ready for a fight while he saw Erica’s scared to death look in her eyes.
Jesse looked at Ernie’s clinched fists.  He laughed out loud.  “How cute.  A pansy boy thinks he going to stop me,” Jesse said between laughs.  Then he looked pissed while he moved his pistol away from Erica’s head.  He aimed his pistol at Ernie.
“You’re an asshole, dad,” Ernie said feeling brave. 
The bullet hit Ernie in his chest.
Ernie looked down and saw blood oozing out of his chest.  He dropped to the floor.

Back in reality in the tent, Ernie bolted up in a panic.  He quickly looked down at his chest and didn’t see a bloody hole.  He was relieved that it was a dream while he lay back down.
Ernie stared at the top of the tent.  He thought about his dream and started to chicken out with tomorrow.

Chapter 14

The sun started to peek above the horizon for the start of another hot and steamy Georgia summer day.  It was Sunday morning.  
Ernie crawled out of the tent.  He stood up and stretched and yawned.  He looked tired, as he didn’t sleep a wink knowing the old outcome of today.
Ernie walked over to the Coleman stove and grabbed the coffee pot.   He removed the top and dumped out the used coffee grounds to the ground.
He walked to the river with the coffee pot in hand.
Ernie reached the bank of the river and dipped the coffee pot into the flowing water.  He rinsed out the pot then refilled it with some more water.
He walked back to the tent and proceeded to make their morning cup of coffee on the Coleman stove.

Back in Room 12 of the Emerson Motor Court, Jesse took a shower while Beth was still asleep in the bed.
 Jesse walked out of the bathroom naked with a towel in hand.  He started drying off while he glanced at Beth in the bed.  He was in love with her and wanted to spend the rest of his life with her in the worst way.  She was way too sexy to let her slip through his fingers.
Beth’s eyes opened and saw Jesse naked drying off with the towel.  She smiled at that sight.
Jesse saw Beth move in the bed.  “Good morning.  How are you feeling?” he said while he tossed the towel into the bathroom.
Beth sat up in the bed.
Jesse walked over and sat down next to her.
“It still hurts, but a little more tolerable than yesterday.  Those pain pills helped.”
“We better get you home so you can get some more rest,” Jesse said while he got off the bed.
Beth moved off the bed in little pain.
Jesse walked Beth to the bathroom.
She immediately reached under her dress and pulled down her white panties.  She looked worried when she saw they still had some fresh blood in them.
“The doctor said you might bleed for a few days,” Jesse said when he saw her bloody panties.
Beth sat down on the toilet and peed.  She cringed as it hurt.
Jesse walked out of the bathroom and started getting dressed.
A few seconds later, Beth slowly walked out of the bathroom.
She walked over and sat back down on the bed in a little pain. 

A little while later, Jesse walked Beth to the passenger side of the Bel-Air.  
He placed her inside then rushed around and got behind the wheel.
Before he started up the car, he gave her one more pain pill to make the ride home tolerable.

Back at the time machine in the woods, Louie crawled out of the tent.  He stood up, stretched and yawned.  He sniffed the air and the smell of coffee brewing was a sweet smell first thing in the morning.
Louie rubbed his back, as it was suddenly stiff.  “I can’t wait to get back to my own bed,” he said while he continued to rub his stiff back.
Louie walked over to the tarp and removed it off the front of the time machine.  He opened it up and reached inside.  He removed two cans of Vienna sausages. 
He walked back over to Ernie and handed him a can.  “This will have to do for breakfast since I can imagine Woolworths’ closed on Sundays,” Louie said while he sat down and opened up his can.
Ernie’s stomach growled while he sat down with his can.  He opened it up and really wanted French toast, but he was starving so Vienna sausages would suffice.
Ernie and Louie ate their Vienna sausage breakfast while the coffee brewed on the stove.

Back in Emerson, Jesse and Beth left the motel room and headed down Peach Avenue.
Jesse drove out of the town and headed down the two-lane country road that led back to Waterford.
Beth started to fall asleep due to the effects of the pain pill she took before they left the motel.

Back at the time machine in the woods, Ernie and Louie drank their first cup of coffee.
Ernie started to get nervous while he thought about Erica.
Louie noticed.  “We better get going before the whole town heads off to church,” he said then tossed the small residual amount of coffee into the dirt.
Ernie gulped down the rest of his coffee then turned off the Coleman stove.
They headed to the motorcycle.

Five minutes later, Louie drove his motorcycle down Waterford Lane.  The town was quiet and void of anybody.
Louie pulled his motorcycle into the Sinclair gas station.  It was closed.
Louie stopped by the phone booth.
Ernie got out and rushed inside the booth and immediately scanned through the white pages of the phone book.
He rushed out of the booth and got back inside the sidecar.
Louie drove away and pulled back onto Waterford Blvd.

After three left turns and two right turns, Louie drove the motorcycle slow down York Street.
Louie pulled his cycle over to the curb.  He let the engine idle while they looked across the street and saw Jesse and Erica’s home.   It was painted white with black shutters. 
“I vaguely remember the place,” Ernie said while he stared at his old home.  He looked apprehensive with proceeding with his mission.
Louie noticed.   “It must be done.  It’s going to be painful.  But it must be done.”
Ernie looked at the house and nodded in agreement.
He got out of the sidecar and walked across the street.
Louie drove off down York Street.

About ten miles from Waterford, Jesse raced his Bel-Air down the two-lane country road.  
Beth was still sound asleep with her head resting on Jesse’s shoulder and his arm around her.
On the radio the song “Love Me Tender” by Elvis Presley played.
Jesse listened to the song and went into deep thought about his marriage to Erica.  
He glanced down at the top of Beth’s head. 
His speedometer needle was at 70 mph. 

Back in Waterford, Ernie stood by the front door of Jesse and Erica’s home.  He hesitated.
He paced a little on the front stoop.  
He went to knock.  He pulled his hand back a little afraid. 
He decided he had to go through with this and took a deep breath.  He knocked on the door.  He thought about running away.
But the door opened and he remained while he suddenly got the courage to continue.
Erica stood inside her living room and wore a robe.  She looked surprised to find Ernie on her front stoop.  “Timmy. What are you doing here?”
Ernie looked at Erica.  It was hard for him.  “Ah, I need to talk to you about your husband, Jesse.”
Erica looked concerned.  “Is he okay?”
“Yeah, but there's some news about him I have to tell you.  It's going to be difficult, but I really need to tell you.”
“I was going to get ready for church.  Can you come back later this afternoon?” Erica replied.
“No ma-am.  It's a matter of life and death,” he said and looked serious.
Erica looked hesitant while she looked at Ernie.  But something about him made her feel at ease and that he was telling the truth. She opened the screen door.  “Please come inside, Timmy.”
Ernie stepped inside and Erica closed the front door.

Erica walked Ernie over to the couch.
“I’m going to finish getting dressed.  You can wait here,” she told him.
Ernie sat down on the couch and watched while Erica walked out of the living room and headed down the hallway.
Young Ernie walked into the living room and wore Cowboy and Indian pajamas.  He looked at Ernie.  
Ernie looked at young Ernie and didn’t remember those pajamas.
“Hi, I’m Ernie,” young Ernie said with a warm smile while he walked over to the couch.
Ernie was at a loss of words while he started at himself as a young boy.
“I’m Timmy,” Ernie replied with a warm smile.
Young Ernie sat down on the couch next to Ernie.
Ernie looked at young Ernie and was at a loss of words.
They just sat on the couch and stared at each other.

Back on the two-lane country road, Jesse's Bel-Air raced past the "Welcome to Waterford.  Population 2,459" sign and headed into town.
He slowed down the second he drove into the outskirts of town.

Back at Jesse and Erica’s home, Ernie and young Ernie just stared at each other on the couch.
Erica entered the living room and wore a light blue dress.  
“It might be best if he doesn't hear this.  It won't be pleasant for his young ears,” he told Erica.
Erica looked at Ernie.
“Please.  It’s really not something he should hear,” Ernie said and looked dead serious.
Erica walked over to young Ernie.  “Let’s go wait in your bedroom, sweetie,” she said then took his hand and walked him out of the living room and down the hallway.
Ernie looked a little nervous while he heard Erica walk back to the living room.
“Now, what’s with this life and death matter you must tell be to cause me to be late for church?”
Ernie looked at Erica’s curious eyes.  He swallowed hard, as he didn’t know where to begin.  “Well, it started on Thursday night when I was down at a clearing by the river,” he blurted out.
“Do you mean the place where we would park as kids?” Erica replied and looked curious with where Ernie’s story would be headed.
Ernie nodded in agreement.
“So how is this a matter of life and death?”
Ernie looked at Beth’s eyes and almost felt like running to the door.  But he knew it was a matter of her life and death. 
“I saw Jesse there that night,” he told her.
“You saw him at the clearing that night?” she replied and wasn’t sure she heard him correctly.
Ernie nodded in agreement.
“What was he doing down there?”
Ernie proceeded to tell her.

At Beth’s parents home, Jesse parked his Bel-Air in her driveway and turned off the engine.
He got out and rushed around to the passenger side and opened the door.
He assisted Beth out of the car.  She was a little groggy from the pain pills.
Jesse walked her to her front door.

Inside her home, Jesse walked Beth down the hallway and they headed to her bedroom.
Jesse helped Beth get undressed out of her sundress and dressed into her nightgown.  
He helped her into bed where she started to drift off to sleep.
Jesse walked out of her bedroom.

On the other side of town, Louie parked his motorcycle along the curb in front of Matt’s home on Dorothy Avenue.
He turned off his motorcycle and saw Matt’s Waterford Police car parked in the driveway.  He sat there for a few seconds while he rehearsed in his mind what he would say to Matt.
“I hope he doesn’t beat my ass,” Louie said while removed his goggles, and leather helmet.  He got off his motorcycle.
Louie walked through the yard and headed to Matt’s front door.  He knocked on the door.
A few seconds passed and the front door opened.  Matt appeared in his black dress pants and white dress shirt that wasn’t tucked in.
“What the hell do you want?” Matt said and wasn’t happy that this stranger knocked on his door on a Sunday morning. 
Louie was a little intimidated by Matt’s response.
“Sir.  I have some news that might be of interest.”
“Why are you bothering me?  I'm getting ready for church.”
“It concerns your son Jesse.”
“Jesse?”
“Yes sir.  He, ah, he's been having an affair with Beth.  He got her pregnant and took her to Emerson for an abortion yesterday.  And I believe he wants to kill his wife Erica,” Louie said and waited for Matt to blow up at him.
Matt glared at Louie.  “Why the fuck are you standing here on a Sunday morning lying to me?  I should haul your wetback ass off to my jail,” Matt said then he stepped outside and glared in Louie's eyes.
Louie stepped back into the grass a little scared.  “I'm telling you the truth, sir.  I swear,” he said and anticipated a punch in the face.
Wilma appeared at the front door in her light green church dress.  “What's going on out here?”
“This wetback is telling me this lie that Jesse took Beth to Emerson so she can have an abortion,” he told her then clinched his right fist.
Wilma thought about Matt's comment for a few seconds.  “Erica did tell me Jesse went to Emerson yesterday for some important business and he wouldn’t be at church this morning,” Wilma told Matt and didn’t thinking anything of the news.
“When were you going to tell me that?” Matt said while he looked back at Wilma.
“Sorry, it slipped my mind,” Wilma replied, as Matt never intimidated her.
Matt looked at Louie.  “We're going to Beth's house.  If you're lying, I'm going to lock you up,” he said then he grabbed Louie's arm and escorted him to his police car in the driveway.
Wilma looked concerned for Beth while she watched Matt place Louie in the back of his police car. 
Matt got behind the wheel of his car, started it up, and then backed it down the driveway.
She watched while Matt’s police car sped away down the street.

Back at Jesse and Erica’s living room, she sat on the couch with Ernie and stared at him in disbelief.
“He was with Beth at the clearing?  They’re having an affair?  And she’s pregnant?” Erica said while she stood up while that news hit her hard.  She paced around a little.  
“I know this is hard news, but you had to know,” he told while she paced around a little circle by the couch.
“He took her to Emerson yesterday to get an abortion,” he added.
Erica didn’t hear that part since she was too focused on him having an affair.
“There’s something else.  I believe he was the one that robbed the bank on Friday,” Ernie added while Erica paced.
She stopped and looked at Ernie.  “There's no way Jesse would rob an bank,” she said. 
“He did.  I saw the robber,” he replied.
“The paper said the robber wore a black ski mask.  Did you see the robber take the mask off?” 
“No.  But I saw that the robber wore snake skinned cowboy boots while he attacked me,” Ernie replied.
Erica sat back down on the couch.  “Why would he rob a bank?  His dad is the sheriff and besides, he makes a decent living at the Chevy dealership working as a salesman,” she said while she paced some more.
“Money to pay for the abortion up in Emerson,” Ernie said.
“Did you say abortion?” Erica asked not sure she heard him correctly.
“I’m afraid so.  I saw him up there.  I even took some pictures as proof.  They’re going to be sent to grandfather,” Ernie said.
“Why did you say grandfather?” Erica asked, as that seemed odd.
“I mean young Ernie’s grandfather.  The sheriff.”
“An abortion?  He cheated on me?  He robbed a bank?”
Ernie nodded in agreement.
Erica looked skeptical.  “Why are you here lying to me?” she said in a raised voice and started to look mad with Ernie.
“No, I'm telling the truth.  I swear.  He probably hid his outfit here at your house.  Plus he stole my camera when I caught him in the woods after the robbery.  I snapped a picture,” Ernie said and silently prayed she would believe him.
“Not inside this house.  I would know about that,” she said and sounded positive. 
Ernie thought about a possible hiding place.  Then he remembered how when he was a teenager, he found Jesse’s Playboy magazine stash in their garage.  “How about the garage?”
Erica thought for a second.
“No.  Jesse might have a temper, but he would never do those things.”
“Let's at least check out the garage.  If nothing's there, I'll leave and you'll never see me again,” Ernie said and gave her his best poker face.
“If we don’t find anything, I’m going to call my father-in law.  He can come over and arrest you,” she said then she got up off the couch.
“Okay,” Ernie said while he got up off the couch.
Erica walked toward the kitchen. 
Ernie followed her and silently prayed that they would find the evidence.

Back on the northern end of Waterford Blvd, Jesse drove his Bel-Air in the southbound lane of the road.
Jesse turned his car to the left and headed down Fern Street.

Down at the other end of Waterford Blvd, Matt drove his police car in the northbound lane of the road.  He didn’t notice Jesse’s Bel-Air while it headed down Fern Street.   
Louie sat in the backseat and silently prayed that Beth was at her home.  He didn’t feel like spending the night in the Waterford jail until Matt learned the truth.

Chapter 15

Back in Jesse’s garage, Erica and Ernie finished rummaging through the drawers of Jesse's workbench.  They came up empty handed.

Back at Beth’s home, Matt parked his police car in Beth's driveway.
He got out then opened up the passenger door.  Louie got out.
Matt grabbed Louie by his arm and walked to the front door.   He knocked.
A few seconds passed and the door slowly opens.  Beth appeared in the doorway in her nightgown.  She looked like death warmed over while she held her stomach.  She was in pain.
Matt looked concerned.  “What's wrong Beth?”
Louie looked relieved when he saw Beth inside her home.
Beth looked at Matt and started sobbing.  She dropped to her knees.

Matt rushed inside her house and brought her to her feet.  He walked her into the living room.
Louie entered the house.
Matt walked Beth to the couch and set her down.
“Did you have an abortion?”
Beth hesitated.  She looked at Matt who looked concerned.  She nodded in agreement while she held stomach.
Matt glanced down and saw a trail of dried blood that ran from her crotch down the inside of her right thigh.
“We’re taking you over to see Doc Bryant,” Matt said while he picked Beth up in his arms.
Matt rushed over to the front door with Beth cradled in his arms.
Louie followed Matt to the front door.

Matt rushed Beth over to his police car.  
Louie ran over went to the passenger door.  He opened the passenger door for Matt.
Matt placed Beth in the backseat.
Louie closed the door and opened the passenger door while Matt ran around to the other side of the car.
Louie got in the passenger seat while Matt got behind the wheel and immediately started up the car.
Matt backed the police car down the driveway and to the street.
He screeched his car off down the street with his siren blaring.


Back in Jesse’s garage, Erica and Ernie walked over to the bookcase.  They looked at all the crap stored on the shelves. 
“That’s a ton of stuff to go through,” he said.
Erica nodded then glanced at the garbage can then she got the heebie jeebies.
Ernie noticed while she moved away from the can.  “What’s wrong?”
“Garbage.  I hate messing with the garbage,” she said. 
“But you work with food all day,” he asked not understand her comment.
“The dishwasher deals with the trash.  I freaked out when I was a child and accidently dumped the entire garbage can on me on day.  I was buried in stinky garbage,” she said and got the heebie jeebies again while she thought about that day.
Ernie looked at the garbage can and his eyes widened while he thought about her story.  
He rushed over to it and removed the lid. 
He reached inside the can.
Erica got the shivers thinking about garbage.  
Ernie removed the paper bag. 
He dumped out its contents onto the garage floor.
Erica's eyes widen in disbelief when she saw the black boots, black pants, black shirt, black ski mask, black leather gloves, Ernie's camera, a bundle of twenty dollar bills, and the 38 Special.
Erica walked over to evidence pile.  “I don't believe it.  There's no way,” she said not believing her eyes.
A car was heard stopping in the driveway.
Ernie got a little scared.  “He's here.  We better take this stuff to grandpa,” he said while he started shoving the items back into the paper bag.
Erica looked a little confused by his statement.  “Did you say grandpa again?”
“I mean Ernie's grandfather,” he said while he continued to scoop up the contents into the paper bag.
He grabbed Erica's hand and rushed her to the side door.
They got four feet from the side door when it suddenly opened.
They froze when Jesse appeared in the doorway.  He saw Erica and Ernie and got furious.  “What the fuck are you doing here?”
Jesse saw his paper bag in Ernie's hand.  He stepped inside the garage and closed the door behind him.
Erica looked pissed.  “I know what you did with Beth!  You bastard!” she yelled at Jesse.
Jesse looked at Erica and then at Ernie.  A satisfying grin grew on his face while a new plan popped into his mind.
“This is perfect.  I couldn't have planned it so perfect,” he said then grinned.
Ernie and Erica inched in fear backwards away from Jesse.
“I have a stranger that wondered into town, robbed the bank and then killed my wife.  I caught the bastard and I killed him,” Jesse said with a smirk.  
Ernie and Erica inched backwards toward the bookcase on the other wall.
“It won't work.  I have the evidence that you robbed the bank,” Ernie said while he held up the paper bag.
“Evidence?  You mean the evidence I'll place in your strange vehicle out in the woods.”
Jesse reached in his pants pocket and removed the ignition key from the time machine.  He flashed it at Ernie.  Here's your key to your strange vehicle.  I don't want to be caught with it,” he said then tossed it at Ernie.
Ernie caught the key with his free hand.  He shoved it in his pants pocket.
Ernie looked at Jesse just as his fist smacked his face.  Ernie dropped back and hit the floor.  He dropped the paper bag.
Jesse lunged after Erica grabbing her by her throat.  His face turned red while he squeezed with all his might.
She gasped for air while she punched Jesse with both of her fists into the side of his head.  It didn’t faze him.
Ernie sat up with a split lip.
A faint police siren was heard outside.
Ernie saw Jesse strangling Erica.  He started to move after Jesse.  He froze being a coward.
Erica gasped for air while Jesse squeezed her throat.
Ernie stood there afraid.  
“I'm surprised you didn't piss your pants.  Pussy boy.  You're next.” 
Ernie got furious. He turned around and ran to the garage door.
Ernie ran as fast as he could at Jesse.  
Ernie body slammed Jesse off of Erica.
They tumbled on the floor.
Jesse landed on top of Ernie and straddled his body.  He grabbed Ernie's throat and squeezed.  Ernie gasped for air.
Erica still gasped for air.  She saw the paper bag nearby.  She scooted over to the bag and reached inside.  She removed the 38 Special.
“Stop or I'll shoot!” she called out in a raspy voice while she aimed the 38 Special at Jesse.
Jesse saw Erica with the revolver in her hand.  He removed his hands from Ernie's neck.  He chuckled at the sight of Erica.
The police siren got louder outside.
“You're too cute, Erica,” Jesse said while he strutted over to her.
Erica inched backwards to the bookcase.  Her hand shook with the revolver in her hand.
“You won't shoot me.  I'm the father of your precious child,” Jesse said with a sarcastic tone.
Erica turned and inched backwards alongside the bookcase heading to the back wall.
Jesse snatched a baseball bat off the bookcase.
Ernie stood frozen in fear while he watched.  Then he looked upset and glanced down at his crotch when he felt something wet.  He saw a small pee spot in his crotch.  He felt ashamed.
Jesse got closer to Erica and reached for the revolver.
Erica moved the revolver down and fired off a round.
Jesse looked surprised.  He dropped the bat.  It clanged on the floor.  He dropped to the floor in pain.  “You shot me, you bitch!” he yelled out while he held his right foot then rolled around in pain.
Erica dropped the revolver to the floor.
The police siren was louder outside.
Ernie rushed over and grabbed Erica's hand.
Ernie rushed Erica to the side door.
Jesse grabbed the revolver.  He aimed it at Ernie and Erica while they made it to the door.
He fired off a shot.  
Ernie and Erica made it safely out the door.
Jesse painfully stood up.
He painfully hobbled over to the door with the revolver in his hand.

Outside Jesse and Erica’s home, Matt's police car screeched to a stop by the curb.
Ernie and Erica ran from the side of the garage toward the front yard.
Erica saw Matt rush out of his police car.  “Jesse tried to kill me!  And he has a gun!” Erica cried out with a raspy voice.
Matt ran over to Erica and Ernie.  “Where is he?”
“In the garage,” Ernie told him.
Matt ran to the side door of the garage.
Ernie ran Erica to the middle of the front yard.
Louie got out of Matt’s police car.  He walked over to the front yard. 
“You did it,” he told Ernie while he walked over and patted Ernie on his shoulder.
“Yeah,” Ernie said while he looked at Erica.

Inside the garage, Jesse painfully hobbled to the side door.
Matt greeted Jesse at the door.
Matt saw the revolver in Jesse's hand.  
“You better drop that gun if you know what's good for you!”
“Dad, I caught this stranger trying to hurt Erica.  I had to defend her,” Jesse said in a believable tone. 
“I said, drop the gun!” Matt yelled.
Jesse dropped the gun.
Matt bent down, picked up the gun, and shoved it in his dress pants pocket.  “Erica!  Get in here with that other guy!” he yelled out.
Jesse sat down on the floor in pain.
Matt saw blood oozing out of Jesse's foot.  “Who shot you?”
“Erica,” Jesse replied while he held his foot.
Erica and Ernie stood at the side door.
“What happened in here?” Matt asked Erica and Ernie.
“Jesse tried to strangle the both of us?” Erica replied with her voice still being a little raspy.
Matt looked and could still see Jesse’s handprints on her throat.
“Why would he do that?” Matt asked Jesse while he glared down at him. 
“He robbed your bank.  He got Beth pregnant and took her to Emerson to have an abortion.  He wanted to get rid of Erica so he can marry Beth,” Ernie told Matt.
“They're lying, dad.”
“Matt, look in that paper bag.  You'll find the outfit Jesse used to rob the bank,” Erica said and pointed at the bag. 
“Plus he stole my camera.  If you get the film developed, you'll see him running away after the robbery.”
Matt walked over to the paper bag.  He peeked inside and saw everything.
“I'm telling you, they're lying,” Jesse cried out.
Matt looked back at Jesse and he had fire in his eyes.  “I just left Beth's house.  She told me she had an abortion.”
Jesse looked pale.
“Please leave the garage,” Matt told Erica and Ernie while he started to remove his belt.
Ernie and Erica rushed out the side door.
“I didn't raise you to act like this,” Matt snarled at Jesse while he had his belt completely removed from his pants.
Jesse's curled up in the fetal position while he anticipated a beating.  “Please don’t!” Jesse pleaded.
Matt whipped the belt up in the air.
Jesse closed his eyes while he anticipated the belt.

Outside the garage, Erica and Ernie heard the smacks of Matt's belt while he gave Jesse a whopping.  They both smiled over that sound for the first time in their lives.
Ernie walked Erica to the middle of the front yard where Louie waited.
Louie saw Ernie’s split lip and black and blue right eye.  “You okay?” he asked.
“Yeah,” Ernie replied then realized that his lip was bleeding.
“You want me to get a band-aid or something?” Erica asked and looked concerned.
“Nah, I’ll be fine,” Ernie replied while he wiped away some of the blood off of his lip.
All the neighbors from all sides of the street were out in their yards checking out the action at Erica’s house.
Erica’s eyes suddenly widen.  “Ernie!” she cried out.
“Yes,” Ernie answered without thinking.
“My son Ernie,” she cried out then ran to the front door.
Ernie watched while she ran inside her house.  He heard more smacks while Matt beat Jesse with his belt.
“Man, I remember those beatings when I was a kid,” Louie said and he cringed in sympathy pain every time he heard a smack of the belt.
Erica walked out of the house with young Ernie in her arms.  He looked like he just woke up.
Erica walked over to Ernie.  “Ernie.  This nice man named Timmy saved my life,” she said. 
Young Ernie looked at Ernie and smiled.
“Thank you,” young Ernie said with a smile.
“Give the nice man a hug,” she told young Ernie.
Erica moved young Ernie over to Ernie.  The younger Ernie gave Ernie hug.  This gave Ernie a strange feeling through his whole body.  
Louie turned so nobody would see that his eyes started to tear up over this sight.
Matt walked around from the side of the garage.  He had the paper bag in one hand while he escorted Jesse from the side of the garage.
Jesse looked like he wanted revenge while he glared at Ernie and Erica.
“I want the both of you in my office in the morning for some statements,” he told Erica and Ernie.  
Erica's eyes welled up while she watched Matt escort Jesse to his police car.
Ernie didn’t feel sad while he watched Matt place Jesse in the passenger seat.  
Matt closed the passenger door and walked around to the driver’s door.  “Hey Mexican.  I want you in my office in the morning for some statements.  And thank you,” Matt said then he got behind the wheel and closed his door.
Matt drove his police car down the street.
“We better be going,” Louie told Ernie.
Erica leaned over at Ernie.  She gave him a kiss on his cheek.  ‘Thank you for saving my life.”
Ernie fought hard to hold back his tears.  “My pleasure,” he said and looked happy.
Then it dawned on Louie.  “We left the motorcycle at your grandfather’s house,” he told Ernie.
Erica thought that was odd.  “Why do you keep on calling Matt grandfather?” she asked.
“Ah, I don’t know why.  I can’t explain it,” Ernie replied and hoped she wouldn’t ask again.
“We better start walking,” Louie told Ernie.
Erica felt bad they had to walk.  She saw her neighbor Betty walk over from across the street.  “Hey Betty, can you give them a ride over to Matt’s house?  Then when you get back, I’ll tell you what happened,” she asked.
“Why sure thing,” Betty replied then turned around and headed to her 1953 Chevrolet Bel-Air parked in her driveway.
“Thanks,” Ernie said.
“Yeah, thank,” Louie said.
Erica smiled at Ernie and Louie while they walked over to Betty’s driveway.

A little while later, Betty dropped Ernie and Louie off at Matt’s house.
She drove away anxious to hear what happened to cause Jesse to be taken away by Matt.
Ernie and Louie got on the motorcycle.
Louie kicked started it and drove off down the street.
Wilma peeked out her living room curtains wondering what happened to Matt.  

A little while later, Louie raced his motorcycle out of Waterford and headed down the two-lane road.

The sun had dropped below the horizon and darkness started to fill up the woods.
The Indian motorcycle was parked by the tent and covered time machine.
Ernie and Louie lay in the tent.
Ernie looked a little upset.  “I froze.”
“You what?” Louie asked not sure he understood what he said.
“I froze while dad tried to take the gun away from mom.  She shot him in the foot,” Ernie said and started to feel ashamed.
“Don't worry about it.  You still saved her life.  That was the whole reason we time traveled back to fifty-six,” Louie replied.
“I could have fought back a little harder.  All I did was tackle him off her.”
“Like I said.  You saved her life,” Louie said.
Ernie still didn’t feel like a hero.  “Yeah, but I peed in my pants a little.”
“Quit worrying about that.  You’ll be doing more of that when you get in your fifties,” Louie replied knowing about that all too well.
Louie closed his eyes and started to drift off to sleep.
Ernie stared at the top of the tent and still felt ashamed and wished he did more to save her.

Back at his home, Matt broke the news to Wilma what had happed with Jesse, Erica and Beth.  
She broke down and sobbed.
Matt took her in his arms and he was furious with Jesse and wanted to beat him again in the worst way.  But he decided that wouldn’t do any good and it would be best to let the court system pass on the proper punishment.

Erica lay in bed and stared at the ceiling.  She thought at times that today’s events were a dream and couldn’t believe Jesse tried to kill her.
But on the other hand, she was sort of glad that maybe now she could divorce Jesse without objections from her parents or in-laws.
She closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.
Young Ernie slept in his bed in his Cowboy and Indians pajamas.  He didn’t have a clue what happened today.  But then again, he knew.

Chapter 16

Monday morning arrived with a hint of rain.
Ernie and Louie woke up, crawled out of the tent, and had some coffee from the Coleman stove.
“Let’s head into Waterford early.  We can go to Woolworths for our last breakfast in fifty-six,” Ernie said while he gulped down the rest of his coffee.
Louie’s stomach growled.  “I guess I’m in agreement,” he said with a chuckle then gulped down the rest of his coffee.
Ernie and Louie stood up.
Louie looked at the tent.  “Let’s pack.  I want to head back to eighty-one as soon as your grandfather if finished with us,” he said.
Ernie nodded in agreement.
They spent the next fifteen minutes packing everything away into the front of the time machine.

Louie drove his motorcycle back into Waterford with Ernie in the sidecar.
They spent ten minutes driving around the streets to take one last look at 1956 Waterford.
Then they parked in front of Woolworths and went inside.

Ernie looked anxious when he and Louie walked to the food counter.
But he got disappointed the second he saw another woman working the counter.
“Where’s Erica?” he said the second he and Louie sat at the counter.
“She took the day off,” the woman replied while she walked over to Ernie and Louie.  “Would you like to order?” the woman asked while she had her pen and order form ready.
“French toast,” Ernie said and sounded disappointed.
The woman looked at Louie.
“Scrambled eggs and bacon,” he said.
The woman jotted down the orders then headed back to the kitchen.

The Waterford Police Station was a small stand-alone building.  It contained an office area with two desks and down the hallway; there were two jail cells, of which inside one of them housed Jesse.
Jesse sat and stewed in his jail cell.
Matt walked up to the cell bars and looked at Jesse.
“Let me go dad.  You can smooth out things with Erica.  She’ll forgive me.  I know she will,” Jesse said while he walked to the cell bars.
“I’m here Matt,” Erica’s voice was heard coming from behind him.
Jesse pressed his face into the bars and craned his neck to see her.  “Erica.  We can forget about all this.  I’ll be a loving husband.  I swear,” he pleaded.
Erica saw Jesse’s face pressed into the cell bars.  She touched her throat, which still hurt from his hands.  She turned around and walked back toward the office area that had two desks.
“Boy, you better do the right thing and confess the truth.  I cannot and will not support any kin that fools around on his wife, gets another woman pregnant, robs a bank, has his mistress get an abortion and then tries to kill his wife.  I will not support you in any way,” Matt said while he glared at his son.
Matt walked away from the jail cell.
Jesse walked over and sat down on his bed in the cell.  He knew he would be spending many years in state prison.
Matt walked over his desk and opened up one of the drawers.  He removed a Witness Statement form and pen.  He motioned for Erica to sit down at his desk.
She sat down and he handed her the form and pen.
“Jot down all that happened,” he told her.
Erica took the pen and started to jot down all that had happened to her yesterday.

Ernie and Louie finished their breakfast at Woolworths.  
They left the store.
They got back on the motorcycle and headed over to the police station.

After Louie parked his motorcycle, he and Ernie and Louie walked the police station. 

Inside the station, Erica was still filling out her witness statement.  She glanced up and saw Ernie and Louie enter through the door.  Her eyes lit up at the sight of Ernie, as there was something about him she liked.  “Good morning,” she said.
Matt got up from the other desk where he had two other witness statements and pens waiting.
“You can come over here and write down all that you know and witnessed,” Matt told Ernie and Louie.
They walked over and sat down at the desk and started filling out their statements.
Ernie wrote down what he heard at the clearing, and how they followed Jesse and Beth to Emerson for the abortion.  How he snapped some pictures and dropped the film off at that Woolworths.  But he couldn’t jot down how he knew Jesse wanted to kill Erica.   He just jotted down how he believed he interpreted Jesse’s comments at the clearing that he wanted to get rid of Erica.
Louie wrote down about the trip to Emerson where they saw Jesse and Beth go into Doctor Sampson’s home for her abortion. 
Matt walked over to a small credenza that had a coffee pot.  He poured a cup of coffee and watched everybody fill out their statements while he sipped morning drink.
The door of the office opened.
Judge Buford Peabody entered the office.
He saw Erica and rushed over to her.
She stood up from the desk and Judge Peabody gave her a hug.  “I came home early after Matt called me,” he said then he looked at Ernie and Louie at the other desk.  “Is this the young man?”
“Yes daddy,” Erica replied.
Judge Peabody walked over to Ernie.
Ernie stood up when Judge Peabody approached him.   He couldn’t believe he was seeing his other grandfather. 
“I'm Buford Peabody.  I want to thank you for saving my daughter's life and bringing forward that other information,” he said while he extended out his hand to Ernie.
Ernie shook the Judge’s hand.
Matt walked over and looked at the completed statements.  He picked up Ernie’s statement and glanced through it.
“You took some pictures while up in Emerson?” he asked Ernie.
“Yes sir, but they won’t be delivered for a week,” Ernie replied.
“I’ll call Sheriff Bronson in Emerson.  He can get a rush job on them,” Judge Peabody told Matt.
Matt nodded that he was good with that.
“Do you need us for the trial?” Ernie asked while he pondered if he needed to come back in time.
“Probably not.  Jesse will be a man responsible for his actions.  He'll plead guilty,” Matt replied and sounded confident.
Judge Peabody looked at Matt.  “I stopped by Doc Bryant.  He took her to the hospital in Emerson.  Beth's doing better, but Doc Bryant believes she'll never be able to have children.  I also contacted Sheriff Bronson over in Emerson about Doctor Sampson.  He's going to conduct an investigation.”
Matt picked up all the statements.
“You're free to go and good luck up in Atlanta,” he told Ernie and Louie.
Erica walked over to Ernie and gave him a kiss on his cheek.  “I was hoping you would make Waterford your home.”
“Maybe one day,” Ernie replied with a warm smile.
Louie nudged Ernie that it was time to head back home.  “We better go.”
Ernie nodded while he looked at Erica who gave Ernie a warm smile.  He felt weird.
Ernie and Louie headed to the door.

Outside the police office, Ernie and Louie walked down the street.
“I do believe your mom was hitting on you,” Louie said while he patted Ernie on his shoulder.
“Nah! Just your typical southern hospitality,” he replied.
The jay walked across the street and headed to the Frazier’s Hardware Store.

Ernie and Louie walked to the front door of the hardware store.  
Then Ernie remembered something when Louie touched the door knob.  He reached in his pocket and removed the time machine ignition key.  “Dad did take the key.  He gave it back to me, as he was planning on stashing the bank robbery evidence in our machine to frame us,” he told Louie.
Louie looked at the key in Ernie’s hand.   “You can keep it,” he said then opened up the door
Ernie and Louie went inside the store.

Donnie Frazier worked behind the counter.    He saw Louie approach the counter with Ernie.  “I have your key,” he said then reached under the counter and removed the ignition switch and a key stuck inside it.
Donnie turned the key from the “Off” position to the “Both” position and back to the “Off” position to show the key worked.
“Great,” Louie said while he reached for his wallet.
Donnie looked curious with the ignition switch in his hand.  “What is this for?”
Ernie and Louie looked at each other.
“It’s the ignition switch for a Cessna one-fifty airplane,” Ernie said.
“You own an airplane?”
“Yeah, back in Columbus,” Louie replied.
“No me, I’m too afraid of heights to climb inside one of those contraptions,” Donnie said while he placed the switch on the counter.  “That’ll be a dollar,” he told Louie.
Louie removed a dollar bill from his wallet.

A little while later, Louie and Ernie climbed back into the motorcycle.  Louie kicked started his cycle and pulled out into the road.  

Louie drove his motorcycle down Waterford Blvd and they passed by the First National Savings and Loan.  
Then they passed by a "Thank You For Visiting Waterford" road sign on the right.
Ernie turned around and took one last glimpse of 1956 Waterford while they went down the road.

Later that morning, Louie drove his motorcycle down the dirt road toward the clearing.
He pulled the motorcycle off the dirt road and drove through the woods and headed to the covered time machine.
Louie shut-off the engine when he got near the time machine.  
He got off the motorcycle and looked at it and hated to depart with it.  He walked over to the time machine and looked at the front end.  He looked back at the Indian motorcycle while he scratched his chin while the gears in his mind started cranking.
Louie walked around the time machine.
“What are you doing?” Ernie asked.
“I can’t leave that Indian behind.  I have to find a way to take it with me,” Louie replied while he looked at the time machine and then he started removing the tarp.
Ernie helped with removing and folding the tarp.

Ten minutes had passed and Louie had an idea.  He used some rope and tied the Indian motorcycle to the front end of the time machine.
The sidecar was removed and stashed over by some bushes twenty feet away.
Ernie looked at the motorcycle.  “Will that work?”
Louie walked over to the left side of the time machine.  “We'll find out,” he said while he opened up the left door.
Ernie rushed over to the right side of the time machine and got inside.

Ernie and Louie bucked their seat belts once they sat down inside the time machine.
“Let's go back to Sunday,” Ernie said.
Louie typed in July 12, 1981.  He typed in 10:00 a.m.   He pressed enter and the information displayed on the screen.  
He pressed the green button.
The engine hummed louder.  
The machine started to vibrate.
Louie and Ernie experience a little pain. 
The vibration got severe and tossed Ernie and Louie around bumping into each other
Louie and Ernie look scared and had death grips on their seats.
Psychedelic colors filled the outside of the machine.
Louie and Ernie experienced extreme pain.  They both screamed.
The psychedelic colors dissipated.
The pain subsided.
The vibration slowed down.
The machine was quiet except for the low hum of the engine.
Ernie and Louie looked out the windows and saw the basement of his house.
“Let's see what the future brings,” Louie said while he opened his door.
Ernie opened his door and looked anxious.

Ernie and Louie got out of the time machine.
Louie looked at the front of the machine and looked happy when he saw that the Indian motorcycle was in one piece tied to the machine.
Louie starts untying his motorcycle.  
Ernie helped.
Louie and Ernie pushed the motorcycle over to one side of the basement.
Ernie extended his hand.  “Thanks for everything.”
Louie shook Ernie's hand.
“It was a blast,” he said while he looked at his time machine and couldn’t wait to experience some more adventures.
Ernie looked at his machine.  “I’m thinking you should upgrade it so that you can drive it down the road.  You know, drive out to New Mexico. Go pay Billy The Kid a visit.  Or Arizona, and go pay Wyatt Earp a visit,” Ernie said.
Louie thought about his idea.  “I like it, but that’ll take some more cash,” he said while he glanced at his machine.
“I’m going out to find mom,” Ernie said and headed to the stairs.
Louie stayed behind and stared at his time machine and thought about Ernie’s upgrade idea.  
Ernie stopped at the stairs and saw Louie getting back inside the time machine.  “What are you doing?”
“Going to do some investing in the past,” Louie replied with a grin. “I need some more retirement money and more cash for the upgrade,” he said then got inside the machine and closed the door.
Ernie rushed up the stairs.
When he got to the top of the stairs, he heard a humming sound.  
He heard a vibration sound.
He saw the basement fill up with psychedelic colors.  
The basement was suddenly quiet.
Ernie peeked back into the basement and saw that the spot where the time machine was sitting was now a bare sot.
Ernie went inside the house.

Ernie went outside Louie’s house from the front door.
He got curious then ran around the side of the house and headed to the backyard.
Ernie looked around the backyard and saw some large bushes.
He rushed over to the bushes.  
On the other side of the bushes, he saw the rusted sidecar that once was attached to the Indian motorcycle.
“Unbelievable,” Ernie said while he stared at the sidecar he rode in back in 1956.  Then he got curious and ran back to the front of the house.
Ernie ran to the front yard and saw his old Tercel in the driveway.  “Yeah!” he cried out in joy at the sight of his old car, as he hated that Camaro he dad made him buy.
Ernie walked with a spring in his step over to his Toyota.  He kissed the top of his car then opened the door and got inside.
Ernie knew life would be grand while he started up his car then backed down Louie’s driveway.
Ernie drove away down the street and was curious if Erica was still alive.

Chapter 17

Ernie drove down York Street.
He pulled into the driveway of Erica’s house or his old home.  It looked different.  Instead of being painted white with black shutters, it was painted a sandy brown with dark brown shutters.
Ernie didn’t think anything about the different color of the house, as people do change the appearance of their homes.
Ernie got out of his Tercel and rushed to the front door.  He knocked.
It was nerve racking while he waited.  The door opened and his heart raced with excitement with seeing Erica again.  
The door opened.
“Hi mom,” he immediately called out.
A man around forty years old appeared at the door.  “Ah, I’m not your mom,” the man said and was a little leery of Ernie.
Ernie looked at the house number and knew this was Erica’s house.  “I’m looking for Erica Conner.  She lives here or did live here,” he said and looked a little confused.
“Sorry man, but we moved in here three years ago.  I don’t know of a Erica Conner,” the man said then slammed his front door closed.
Ernie moped back to his Tercel.
He opened his door then stared back at the house.
The man peeked through his living room curtains to make sure Ernie was leaving.
Ernie got inside his Tercel and started it up.
He backed down the driveway and onto the street.
Ernie drove down York Street.
He stopped at the stop sign at the end of the street and paused for a few seconds.  He had a strange feeling that went through his body.  Something clicked in his mind.  He knew.
Ernie made a right turn and drove down that street.  A smile grew on his face while a memory popped in his head.

Ernie through Waterford and headed to the northeastern section where a new residential area was built eight years ago.  
Ernie drove down Bentley Avenue, which was becoming extremely familiar to Ernie.
He pulled his Tercel into the driveway of a two story brick home.  He looked at the house and it felt like home.  He turned off his engine and got out.

Ernie walked to the front door. 
He stood at the door and his heart raced.   He rang the doorbell.


A few seconds passed.  The door opened and Ernie's heart raced faster.
He couldn’t believe his eyes when he saw Erica, now fifty years old, and she looked great.  Aging was really nice to Erica.
She stepped out on the front stoop.  “Ernie.  You're way too early.”
“Early?”
“Yeah.  I said to come over at six for dinner with everybody.”
Ernie felt a little foolish.  Then some more memories started to come back to him.   “I know.  I was passing by and wanted to know if you wanted me to bring anything.”
“That's so sweet.  But I don't need anything.”
Then Erica saw Ernie's split lip and black and blue right eye.  “You're hurt.  What happened?” she asked while she touched his split lip.
“I got clumsy and tripped in my apartment,” he replied.
“You need to be a little more careful,” she said in her motherly tone.
Ernie leaned over and gave Erica a hug.  “I'll see you later tonight,” he said.
Erica watched with a warm smile while Ernie headed back to his car with a spring in his step.  She was so proud of him being an aerospace engineer.
Ernie got in his Tercel and drove away.
He stopped at the stop sign at the end of York Street and got curious.  
He made left turn and raced off down the other street

A little while later, Ernie sat in the library at the microfilm machine doing some more research.  He had an August 10, 1956 newspaper article on the screen.  It was titled "Jesse Conner Sentenced for Bank Robbery and Attempted Murder.”
Ernie looked satisfied while he read the article.  He didn’t even miss Jesse since he never acted like a real dad.
Ernie turned the knob of the microfilm machine and the articles whizzed the film went to the beginning of the cartridge.

Ernie headed out of the library and drove back to his apartment.  
 
Ernie spent the rest of the afternoon relaxing in his lazy boy chair.  He thought about his 1956 adventure while he watched a movie on the TV.  He saw so happy that his mom was still alive and he had the opportunity for more years of having a mom around.
A commercial appeared on the TV screen for Whitfield Toyota.
Ernie's eyes widen when he saw Beth appear in the showroom on the TV.  She looked the same from what he remembered from before he left for 1956.
“Come on down to Whitfield Toyota where I can make a sweet deal on a new car,” Beth said from the TV.
Then on the TV, Ernie saw Laurence Lincoln walk over and stand next to Beth.  The "Laurence Lincoln - Sales Manager" title appeared on the screen under Laurence.
Ernie looked happy that Laurence was alive and doing great.
“And she can do that because she's the boss!” Laurence said with smile from the TV.
Ernie smiled at that sight.  “I remember,” he said while the memory of him buying his Tercel from Laurence suddenly filled his head.
The commercial went off and then a quick newsbreak appeared with a female news anchor sitting behind a news desk.
Ernie got up off the chair and headed toward the hallway.
“We have breaking news.  Jesse Conner was just released from state prison this morning,” the female news anchor said while an old mug shot of Jesse appeared on the TV behind the news anchor.  “Mister Conner was sent to prison in September nineteen fifty-six for robbing the Waterford First National Savings and Loan bank and for the attempted murder of his wife.  At the time, Mister Conner was the son of Sheriff Matt Conner.  That news shocked the town of Waterford in fifty-six.”
The sound of the toilet flushing was heard from down the hallway.
Ernie walked out of the hallway and headed back to his lazy boy chair the TV where his movie resumed.
He sat in his chair and watched the TV unaware of the newsbreak about Jesse.

Later that evening, Ernie changed his clothes and drove over to Erica’s home.  He was really looking forward to dinner with her.
He walked to the front door and rang the doorbell. 
Erica opened the door.  “Hey sweetie,” she said the second she saw him.
Erica gave Ernie a kiss on his cheek when he entered her home.  She closed the door.

Ernie entered the living room and saw one of the walls filled with pictures of him growing up with Erica.  
He curiously walked over to the wall.
While he started to glance at the pictures, those loving memories strangely filled his head.  It was a beautiful feeling.  
His eyes widen when he saw the picture he took of Erica, Wilma, and young Ernie back at the drug store.  
He saw the picture he also took at the drug store where Erica gave young Ernie a kiss on his cheek.
He saw the picture he took of young Ernie eating French toast with a syrup ring around his mouth.  Ernie smiled at those pictures he remembered taking the other day.
Then Ernie saw some pictures of him with a younger girl with black hair.  He curiously looked at them and then memories of her started flooding his mind.  She was Sandy Wilson, his nineteen-year-old stepsister.  He smiled at the picture since he’s always wanted a brother or sister. 
He saw a picture of himself around eight years old in a Little League uniform.  Howard Wilson knelt down by Ernie’s side.  
Ernie looked a little confused with that picture.
“Hey Ernie,” Howard’s voice came from behind him.
Ernie looked and saw Howard Wilson from the drug store.  Howard was a little heavier and his hair was thinning.  
Ernie glanced over at the TV and saw the old wedding picture of Howard and Erica.  He suddenly remembered that Howard was his stepfather.  Then fond memories of being with Howard suddenly filled Ernie’s mind. 
“Hi Howard,” Ernie said. 
Howard walked over and extended his hand.  Ernie shook it.
Howard saw Ernie’s split lip and black and blue eyes.  “You're hurt.  What happened?”
“Oh, I was clumsy and tripped in my apartment,” Ernie replied.
The doorbell rang. 
Erica walked over and opened the door.
“Hello,” Erica said to the guest outside.
Ernie looked and saw Matt and Wilma outside.  They looked the same from before he time traveled back to 1956.  
Matt and Wilma entered the living room then Erica closed the door.
“Hey Ernie,” Matt said while he walked over with Wilma by his side.
Matt and Ernie shook hands. 
Wilma gave him a kiss on the cheek.  
Matt saw Ernie's face.  “Did you get in a fight?” he curiously asked.
“He was clumsy and tripped in his apartment,” Howard replied for Ernie.
“Oh,” Matt replied, as he knew Ernie often tripped over his own two feet. 
The doorbell rang again.  Erica opened the door.
“Hey dad.  How was the cruise?” she said.
Judge Buford Peabody now seventy-five years old entered with his wife Cindy.
“Refreshing,” Judge Peabody said while he entered then gave Erica a kiss on her cheek.
Cindy nodded in agreement about their vacation and she gave Erica a kiss on her cheek when she entered the living room.
Judge Peabody saw Ernie with Matt and Wilma.   Then he noticed Ernie’s face.  “Did Ernie get into a fight?” he asked.
“He was clumsy and tripped in his apartment,” Erica answered for Ernie.  
Matt and Howard nodded in agreement.
“Oh,” Judge Peabody said then he looked at Ernie again.  “I still can't believe how much he looks like that boy that saved you back in fifty-six.  There are times I wonder if,” he said.
“Don't even think that.  He left town the next day never to be seen again,” Erica quickly interrupted her father
Ernie pretended he didn't hear their conservation while Judge Peabody and Cindy walked over.  
He looked at everybody and looked so happy.
The doorbell rang again.
Erica opened the door and Sandy stood outside.
“Mom,” Sandy said then stepped inside the house and gave Erica a kiss on her cheek.
Sandy’s eyes lit up the second she saw Ernie.
“My big brother,” she cried out in joy then rushed over to Ernie.
Ernie was surprised when Sandy gave his a hug and kiss on his cheek.
“Ah, hi, Sandy,” he replied then he remembered more about her.  “How’s college?”
“Better after I graduate,” she replied while she placed an arm around Ernie’s arm.
“Dinner will be ready in a few.  Let's all commence to the dining room,” Erica said while she headed to the dinning room.
Everybody headed to the dinning room looking forward for another one of their family meals.
“Matt, did you hear the news today?” Judge Peabody asked while they all walked into the dining room.
“Yeah.  I hope he's a changed man,” Matt replied and looked a little concerned.
“What news?” Ernie curiously asked while they all waked over to the table.
“Your father was released from state prison,” Judge Peabody said while he pulled out a dining room table chair for Cindy.
“I'm pretty sure we'll never see him again.
Ernie looked a little concerned while he pulled out a chair for Wilma.
She at down and looked a little upset that her son spent time in state prison.
Ernie looked at Erica and she didn’t appeared to be worried at all while she headed into the kitchen with Howard and Sandy.

It was a wonderful dinner while everybody talked about the latest events in their lives.
Nobody mentioned anything about Jesse but he still weighed heavenly on Ernie’s mind.

The night wore on and Ernie was the last to leave.
Erica walked Ernie to the front door.  “With dad on the loose, do you want me to spend the night?” he asked her.
“Don't worry.  You dad won't bother me again.  He disowned us a year after he was sent to prison.  Plus I have Howard here to protect me,” she replied.
Howard appeared in the doorway from the kitchen.  “Good night, Ernie,” he said.
“Good night, Howard,” Ernie replied with a little wave.
Ernie gave Erica a kiss on her cheek then goes out the door.  “Don’t worry.  I’ll be fine,” she reassured him.
Ernie stepped outside.
Erica closed the door.

Ernie still looked a little concerned while he walked to his Tercel in the driveway.
He got inside his car, looked at Erica’s house while he started up his engine.
He backed down the driveway and onto the street.
He drove away with a bad feeling in the pit of his stomach.

Later that night, Ernie sat in his lazy boy chair and watched TV.  He tried to believe that Jesse would not return.  
But something still bugged him while he got up and turned off his TV.
He walked down the hallway and headed to his bathroom.  
He got ready for bed.

It was midnight.
Way over at the eastern side of Georgia by one of the north ramps of Interstate 16 stood Jesse.  He wore blue jeans, new cowboy boots, and a tee-shirt. 
He bulked up while in prison and had both arms covered with tattoos, his head was shaved and he sported a goatee.   The past twenty-five years in state prison harden Jesse and he had a permanent bad attitude. 
A car drove down the ramp.
Jesse stuck out his thumb.
The car raced by ignoring Jesse.
Jesse waited.

Twenty minutes passed and a tractor trailer truck drove down the ramp.
Jesse stuck his thumb out.
The tractor trailer truck slowed down on the ramp and stopped by Jesse.
The passenger window rolled down.
“Hop inside,” a trucker called out from behind the wheel.
Jesse climbed up and got inside the cab.
“Thanks,” Jesse said when he sat in the passenger seat then closed the door.
The tractor trailer truck drove away up the ramp.

Chapter 18

Ernie tossed and turned in bed all night as all he could think about was Jesse being out of prison.  It filled his thoughts since it felt like yesterday that he saved Erica’s life back in 1956.  Well, it was actually a couple of days ago for Ernie.

After a quick breakfast, Ernie got dressed, at a quick breakfast then headed to the plant.

At the plant, Ernie walked through the office area in deep thought about the past events.
He walked close to Rebecca.
She glanced up from her typewriter and saw Ernie walking near her desk.  There was something about him that intrigued her for the first time.  He seemed different.  He seemed interesting.  “Good morning.  How was your weekend?” she called out when he walked past her desk.
Ernie was still in deep thought and didn’t hear her at first.  Then it dawned on him that she spoke.  He stopped, turned around and looked back at Rebecca.  He saw her warm smile.
“Oh, I’m sorry.   I didn’t hear you.  Good morning, Rebecca.  My weekend was different.  How was your weekend?”
“Boring.  Very boring.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Ernie said then walked away with a little smile that she seemed interested in him.
Rebecca looked a little disappointed Ernie didn’t stay to chat.  She returned to her typing.
Ernie walked into his cubicle.  
He sat down at his drafting table.  
He stared at the wing design and looked disinterested.
He looked over at Louie’s empty desk and missed having his cube mate to share the workday.
Ernie grabbed his coffee cup off a side table and headed out the cubicle.
Ernie headed over to the community coffee table.
Rebecca watched Ernie from her desk with interest.
After Ernie filled his cup, he eyed Rebecca and wanted to talk to her, but his mom was still on his mind.
He walked back to his cubicle and drafting table.

It was later that morning and the sun was blazing across the Georgia countryside for another hot and humid day.
A two lane road was in the middle of nowhere in the woods.
Along the dirt shoulder of that road, Jesse walked hot and tired.
A car drove down the road.
Jesse heard it, turned around, and stuck out his thumb for a ride. 
The car moved over into the other lane and raced past him.
Jesse flipped the passing car The Finger.
Jesse walked a few more steps.  He was too exhausted to continue so he walked over and sat down in the dirt.
He heard the sound of another car coming down the road.
Jesse remained on his butt in the dirt while he stuck out his thumb.
The car raced past him.
“Asshole!” Jesse yelled out at the car.
He got up and walked toward the trees.
He sat down and leaned against a tree out of view of the road.  He closed his eyes.  He just needed a couple hours of sleep.

The afternoon dragged on and Ernie decided he better start working on his wing design before he was fired.
“Good afternoon, Ernie,” Kenny said when he entered the cubicle.
Ernie turned around and saw Kenny walking over to Louie's empty desk.
“Hi Kenny.”
“I sure hated to fire him, but I didn't have any choice.  What he did was wrong.  I wonder what he's up to?”
“Oh, knowing Louie, he's probably traveling and seeing the sights,” Ernie replied and wondered where in time Louie was at this moment.
“I tried calling you at home this weekend, but you never answered your phone,” Kenny said.
“I was away.  Out of town,” Ernie said while he glanced over at Louie’s desk.
“Anyway, listen, I'm sending you to our plant in Kansas for a week.  They're having some issues and I think you're the man to help.  You can leave Wednesday morning.  Rebecca will make your travel arrangements.”
Ernie looked disinterested with any traveling.  Especially traveling to Kansas.
“Can’t someone else go?”
“Why don't you want to go?” Kenny asked and appeared a little bothered with Ernie’s response.
“It's my mom,”
“What about her?”
Ernie pondered for a few seconds for a bullshit answer to get him out of this trip.
“She's been feeling sick.”
“Doesn't she have a husband?” 
“Yes, but,” Ernie replied.
“Good.  You leave Wednesday or you can process out on Thursday,” Kenny replied and looked serious.
Kenny walked out the cubicle.
Ernie looked disinterested with his wing design drawing.  “I hate my job.”
Ernie got off his chair and walked out of his cubicle and headed over to Rebecca's desk.
“Hey Rebecca.  Kenny needs to send me to the Kansas plant.  He said you'll take care of my travel arrangements.  He wants me to leave Wednesday.”
“He told me this morning.  Do you want a morning or afternoon flight?”
Ernie thought about her question for a few seconds.  “Afternoon flight would be okay,” Ernie replied and sounded disinterested. 
“Don't you want to go?”
“Not really.”
“I know what you mean.  Nothing but wheat fields and flat land,” she replied while she jotted down his request.  “I'll have your ticket tomorrow.”
Ernie smiled at her then walked back to his cubicle.
He sat down at his drafting table and silently cursed that he had to leave town when Jesse was on the loose.

Way out in the Georgia countryside, Jesse walked down a two-lane road.  It was hot and he was getting pissed that nobody would give him a ride.
A 1960s rusted Ford pickup truck slowly drove down the road and headed toward Jesse.
Jesse stuck out his thumb.
The Ford pickup slowed down and stopped by Jesse.
The passenger window was down and Jesse saw an old farmer in coveralls.  
“Hop in.  It’s too hot to be walking,” the farmer called out.
“Thanks,” Jesse said while he opened up the passenger door then got inside the pickup.
The farmer drove down the road going about ten miles under the speed limit.
Jesse sat in deep thought in the passenger seat.
The farmer glanced over at Jesse's left arm and saw his numerous tattoos he got while in prison.
“I got me one of them tattoos.  Got it when I was in the Navy during the Second World War,” the farmer said then rolled up his sleeve.
Jesse looked over and saw a tattoo of a naked woman with her legs around an anchor on the farmer’s right forearm.  “That's nice,” he said but could care less but decided to be polite since he had a ride.
Jesse stared out his car window and went into deep thought.  The he noticed that the farmer drove ten miles under the speed limit.  “Can’t you drive any faster?” he asked.
“Nope.  I ain’t in any kind of hurry,” the farmer replied and appeared to be content with taking his sweet old time.  
Jesse decided to leave it alone since he was moving faster down the road than he was on foot.
The farmer drove through a pothole.  The glove box door dropped down.  
Jesse eyed a pistol inside the glove box.
The farmer leaned over and closed the door.  “It happens every time I hit a bump,” the farmer said.
Jesse had a smirk when he glanced at the glove box door.

Later that evening, Ernie entered his apartment after leaving the airplane plant.
He immediately went into his kitchen where he made a beeline to the phone hung on the wall.  He picked it up and punched in a phone number.
“Hello,” Erica answered the call.
“Hi mom.  I was checking up on you,” Ernie replied so glad to hear her voice.
“Don't worry.  I'll be fine,” she replied and didn’t have a care in the world.
“I have to go to Kansas for a week on business.  I'm leaving on Wednesday.”
“Have a fun trip and I'll see you when you get back,” she replied. 
Ernie hung up the phone and felt a little better but still hated to leave the area for Kansas.
Ernie walked over to his refrigerator and opened up the freezer.  He removed a frozen TV dinner - Fried Chicken, Corn, Mashed Potatoes, and a Brownie.
He set it on the counter then walked over to his oven and turned it on.
Ernie walked out of the kitchen and headed down the hallway for the bathroom.

After Ernie at his TV dinner, he relaxed in his lazy boy chair and watched TV.

Jesse just entered the northern outskirt of Waterford.  
He walked down a sidewalk along Waterford Blvd.  He looked around the town and it looked so different from when he left for state prison. 
He walked to a Shell station and headed to the pay phone on the wall of the station.

An hour had passed and Ernie was still kicked back in his lazy boy chair.  His eyes started to drift close while he started to fall asleep.
A knock from his apartment door was heard.
Ernie was still asleep.
Another knock on the door was heard.
Ernie woke up and looked a little confused with what was that sound.
Pounding on his door was heard.
Ernie jumped up from the chair and rushed over to the door.  
He looked cautious at the door.  
He peeked in the peephole and looked relived.  
He opened the door.
Louie rushed inside and closed the door.
“We got an huge problem,” Louie said in a panic.
“What's that?”
“I went twenty years into the future and learned you dad was released from prison,” he said while he started to pace around a little.
“I heard about that yesterday,” Ernie replied and started to get a little concerned with Louie’s appearance.
“But,” Louie said but the sound of the phone ringing from the kitchen made him stop his sentence.
“Hold that thought,” Ernie said while he rushed away and headed to the kitchen.
Ernie rushed over to the phone and picked it up.  “Hello,” he answered the call.
“Help Ernie!” Erica cried out in a panic from the phone.  
Ernie looked fearful over the sound of her panicked voice.
“Mom!  Are you okay?”
She didn’t answer and all Ernie heard was a dial tone from his phone.
“Mom!” he cried out into the phone.
The dial tone was the only response he heard from the phone.
He dropped his phone and it swayed back and forth.
Ernie ran out of the kitchen and into the living room.
He ran over to Louie who looked concerned when he saw the fear in Ernie’s eyes.
“Mom's in trouble.  Might be dad,” Ernie blurted out the second his hand touched the doorknob of his apartment door.
Ernie opened the door and rushed out of his apartment.
Louie rushed the apartment and closed the door behind him.

Ernie and Louie ran through the apartment parking lot.
They jumped inside Ernie’s Tercel.  Ernie started it up, backed his car out of the parking spot, and raced through the lot.

Chapter 19

A little while later, Ernie raced his Tercel down Waterford Blvd with Louie in the passenger seat.
“I never knew a Tercel could go this fast,” Louie said while he glanced over at Ernie.
Ernie made a screeching right turn down another street.
He raced his car down that street.
“Look at you being a race driver,” Louie said in awe with Ernie’s driving.
Ernie looked over at Louie then he made a screeching left turn down another street.  Louie leans over and smacked into Ernie.
He raced his car down that street.
Ernie’s Tercel made a screeching left turn down Bentley Avenue.
Ernie raced his Tercel down Bentley Avenue.  
The Tercel screeched with tires smoking to a stop by the curb at Erica’s home.
Ernie opened his door with the engine running.  “Go get the police,” he told Louie.
Ernie moved to get out of his car.  The seat belt pulled him back inside.  
He unbuckled the seat belt and rushed out of the car.
Louie watched while Ernie bolted to Erica's house.
He unbuckled his seat belt and climbed over and sat behind the wheel.
He buckled his seat belt, slammed the driver’s door shut then raced off down the street.

Ernie ran to the front of the house.
He peeked in the living room window and saw a dark and quiet room.
Ernie felt the worse happened.
He ran around to the right side of the house.
He rushed over and peeked in a window.    It was dark and quiet inside that room.
He rushed over and peeked in another window.  It was dark and quiet in that room.
He rushed to the backside of the house.
He peeked in another window.  It was dark and quiet in that room.
He rushed over and peeked into another window.  It was dark and quiet in that room
He rushed over to the patio.  He peeked through opened blinds of the sliding glass door.
He was the kitchen that was quiet with the phone dangling down from the wall.
“Ahhhh!” Ernie heard Erica scream from somewhere inside her home.
Ernie knew Jesse was there and tried to open the sliding glass door.  It was locked.  
He stepped back.  He made a motion that he was going to run at the glass door.  He changed his mind thinking he would be sliced up.  
He looked around and saw the patio furniture. 
He rushed over to an Adirondack chair.  
He grabbed it and lifted it up.  It was heavy.
Ernie mustered up all his strength and his adrenaline kicked in.  He lifted the chair over his head.  
He tossed the chair at the sliding glass door. 
The chair crashed through one of the glass doors. 
Ernie carefully stepped through the opening in the sliding glass door.

Once Ernie stepped inside the kitchen, he listened for Erica. 
He ran down the hallway.  
He saw a body in the hallway.
He ran up and saw it was Howard on the floor face down.  
Ernie feared the worst when he knelt down at Howard.   He felt Howard’s neck and found a pulse.  He was relieved.  He turned Howard over on his back and saw that his face was beaten to a pulp.
Howard stirred.  
“Please don’t!” Erica cried out from another area of the house.
Ernie jumped up to his feet.  He looked around for the location of her voice.  His eyes lit up when he believed he knew where she was located.  
He turned around and headed back to the kitchen.
He got into the kitchen, and ran to another door.  He opened it and rushed inside the garage.

Once inside the garage, he saw Erica on her back on the concrete floor.  Jesse straddled over her with his hands squeezing her throat.
She gasped for air while she tried to punch him off her.  He was too strong and her punches didn’t faze him.
“Get off her!” Ernie yelled at Jesse.
Jesse looked in the direction of Ernie’s voice.  He did a double take and released his hands off Erica's throat.  “What the fuck?” he said while he looked confused with Ernie standing by the door.
Ernie slowly walked over to Jesse.  “This needs to stop!” he said and sounded dead serious.
Jesse tried to figure out why Ernie looked so familiar. How is this possible?  You look just like that Timmy pussy back in fifty-six.  The pussy that peed his pants,” Jesse said then he looked down at Erica.
She looked over and saw Ernie then she looked back at Jesse.
“Did you fuck that Timmy guy?  That’s it!  You fucked that Timmy guy after I was sent away,” he said and got furious.  “You fucking slut!” he yelled then slapped Erica hard across her face cheek.
She cried.  “No!  That's Ernie!” she said between sobs.
Jesse looked over at Ernie.  “My pussy son?” he said with a chuckle. “And the best part of you ran down your mother’s leg,” Jesse added with a louder chuckle.
Ernie had enough.  He took a running start and bolted toward Jesse.
Jesse chuckled at the sight and waited with a smirk.
Ernie tackled Jesse knocking him off Erica.
Ernie and Jesse wrestled on the floor.
Jesse again got on top of Ernie.  He chuckle at the sight.  “Just like old times.”
Jesse got off Ernie and grabbed him by his shirt with his left hand.  He lifted Ernie up to his feet.  Jesse made a right fist and punched Ernie hard in the face.
Ernie's lip was split on the other side.
“Looks like someone else beat you.  Good for them,” Jesse said when he saw Ernie’s other part of his lip that was split and his black and blue eye.
Jesse punched Ernie hard in the face.  
Jesse looked down at Ernie's crotch.  “You haven't pissed you pants yet.”
Then Ernie remembered a scene he saw from a movie.  
Jesse looked at Ernie who suddenly and swiftly punched Jesse in his Adams apple.
Jesse looked surprised and gasped for air.
Ernie swiftly punched Jesse Adams apple again a little harder.
Jesse released his grip of Ernie's shirt.  He stepped back holding his throat while he gasped for air.
Ernie swiftly kicked Jesse in his crotch.
Jesse looked stunned then dropped to his knees in pain.
Ernie swiftly kicked Jesse in his face.
Jesse flew backwards and landed on his back.  He squirmed on the floor in pain.
Erica got up and Ernie noticed her clothes were ripped.  
Ernie rushed over to her and hugged her.  She cried in his shoulder.
“You fucking bastard!” Jesse said in a raspy voice while he painfully got up.
Ernie saw Jesse up on his feet with fire in his eyes.  He painfully moved to Ernie and Erica with both fists clinched.
Ernie moved Erica behind him.
“I'm finally going to kill the both of you,’ Jesse said in his raspy voice while he inched closer.
Ernie moved Erica backwards while Jesse walks toward them.
Jesse reached in his back pocket and removed a pistol he stole from the farmer who gave him a ride.
Jesse aimed the pistol at Erica and Ernie.
“This day is long over due,” Jesse said with hatred in his voice while he placed his index finger on the trigger.
Erica closed her eyes knowing her life would soon be over.
Ernie’s eyes welled up knowing there was nothing he could do to stop Jesse. 
A gunshot came out from behind Ernie and Erica.
Jesse flew backwards and landed on his back.  He let go of the pistol while he gasped for air.  Then his body arched upward a little and settled back down.  He lay on the concrete motionless with a blank stare.
Ernie and Erica looked confused for a few seconds while they saw the bloody hole in Jesse’s chest.
They looked behind them and saw Matt in the doorway with a revolver in his hand.
“You two okay?” Matt asked. 
Ernie and Erica nodded in agreement that they were find.
“Good.  Someone told me they saw Jesse in town earlier today.  Then some guy named Louie came over to the house and told me about this pending threat,” Matt said then he thought about this event for a few seconds.  “Strange thing, is he really looks like that guy that was friends with that guy back in fifty-six.  A strange déjà vu, a really strange déjà vu,” Matt said while he tried to figure out what had just happened.
A faint police siren was heard outside.
Matt walked over and looks down at Jesse's motionless body.  “The hardest thing a parent can do is kill a son that's gone bad.  But, I brought him into this world, I guess I can take him out.”
“We better go and talk to the police,” Matt told them.
Matt, Ernie, and Erica walked out of the garage, and headed into the kitchen.
The police siren got from the outside.

A little while later, Matt, Ernie, Erica and Louie sat on the couch while a male police officer jotted down notes on his pad.
Two EMT’s moved a gurney with Howard on board through the living room and headed to the door.  Howard looked better.
Erica's eyes welled up at the sight of Howard.
Ernie placed his arm around her shoulder for comfort.
The police officer closed his note pad.  “We also got a report from a farmer that had his pistol stolen.  He gave a guy a ride that matched Jesse’s description,” the officer said.
“Figures,” Matt said and looked disappointed with his son. 
“We'll be in touch if there's anything else we need,” the officer said then walked to the front door and was greeted by a female police officer.
Matt stood up.  “Let's go to the hospital to check on Howard.”
Ernie, Erica, and Louie stood up.
They all walked to the front door.

The sun rose above the horizon for the start of another workday.
Ernie didn’t sleep a wink since the events of last night filled his mind.

Later that morning, Ernie sat at his drafting table and worked on his wing design.  He was happy that this was all finally over.
“Good morning, Ernie,” Rebecca’s voice was heard behind him.
Ernie turned around at the familiar sweet voice and saw Rebecca standing in his doorway.
“Good morning, Rebecca.”
She walked into his cubicle and stood next to his drafting table.
“I'll have your travel information after lunch.”
“Thanks.”
Rebecca hesitated for a few seconds.  “I heard the news this morning.  You are brave for saving your mother's life like that.”
“Oh, it was nothing,” he replied trying to be humble.
Rebecca had a warm mile.  “I was wondering.  When you get back from Kansas, I was thinking we could meet after work.  You know, for a drink or dinner?”
“I would love that,” Ernie replied and played it cool.
“Good,” she replied then handed him a small piece of paper.  “Here's my home phone.  Call me,” she said and gave him another smile then walked out of his cubicle.
Ernie looked at the paper and did a little victory dance in his chair.  The remembered something then reached in his pants pocket.  He removed his time machine key.  “Maybe I can take her someplace special?”
He shoved the key back in his pocket and looked adventurous.

