Chase
By CrimsonSkye
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 CrimsonSkye


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Disclaimer
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.


CHAPTER I:   EMERGING DARK

"I suppose you bring good news", the old man with his long white beard spoken as he saw the tall dark figure appear before his sight. He reached for the herbal tea potion he made, slowly sipping it down and turning the gaze on the known guest.
"The opposite, it was..." replied a subtle, masculine voice before him. The cloak he wore was made of fine, black textile with furry fabric on the edges of its hood down to its length. Mysterious as his presence was. His face was being covered with hood but it could be perceived that he was a fine, young man with a sense of unpolished charisma.
The old one breathe a sigh of dismay and stay silent as he put the tea cup back to its silver platter, producing a soft clink sound. He turned the pages of the book on his hand and finally said, “It’s no good after all… The wicked grows wicked.”
The hooded man nod in agreement. “Indeed”.
“First, the Kingdom of Etheria in the West. Now, it’s the neighboring one. What else does he craved for?” the wizard shook his head, scanning the pages of the book. The man stayed in deafening silence as he watched the wizard on his work. His mind was filled with many things that he, himself cannot explain. Remembering something, he speak in his gentle, low voice. “Hamelton was suffering from the curse that had befell them. Have you find the counter spell yet?”
The candle light glimmered and swayed by the soft breeze that had entered the room from an open window pane. The Old Wizard halted and turned to the young man, breathing another helpless sigh. “Apparently, not.” He paused for a moment and continued with the wrinkled visible on his forehead. “It was a dark powerful spell. Different from the one we known. More ancient and… horrifying.”
The young man clenched his fist in silence. “Just as I thought.”
“I’ve searched all the books that I have here, ancient or not but the cure was none to be found on its pages,” the wizard added, sight on the book. 
“Is there any possible way we could help them?” he inquired. 
The Old Wizard shook his head. “It was a shame but there’s nothing we can do, unless the cure was found.” In a sudden moment, the old man remarkably paused as if an idea had flashed on his knowledgeable mind. “A way, there is!” he exclaimed, thumping his aged palm on the wooden table filled with books and papers. “The Book of Ancient Spells! The lost Archmage’s Script! Of course…!”
“Where was it then?” He wrinkled his brows, unable to comprehend the flow of things and asking where the book was the simple way.
“It was long gone…” the Old Wizard replied, somber. “Only the Hunter, the Blue Bloods of Lynabria could find it but…” He lost his words.
“But?” The young one asked in a more quizzical brow than before. The sense of hope and anxiety can be drawn from his handsome face. 
The Old Wizard took a deep breath and said, “They were long gone too. Skull had made their existence come to an end long time ago, down to their last bloodline. Have you not heard of the Extermination of the Blue Bloods?” Hope leaves as the fire in the young man’s eyes died. He knew that Lynabria stood beyond its mighty walls, a fact that the empire survive without a King or an Emperor to rule its people. Suddenly, the Old Wizard spoke again, “However, not all of them had been killed. I’ve heard… as what the rumors tell so, there was still a living soul of Lynabrian blood left.”


***


The night was beautiful as the moon shine on its glory. The air breathe as it was alive. He stood on the mighty limb of a century-old tree, watching the fullness of the kingdom on the range of his vision. Soft, flickering lights shone from every window of each households as the smoke came out of its dark sooty chimneys, giving life to a vast, once glorious empire. The turn of unwanted events brought a great chaos on each of the three dominant kingdoms of the Old World — the Lynabria on the East, Etheria on the West and the dark Hesperia that lies on the North. The town people of Livingstone, Hamelton and Flamecastle suffered from each dark spells that befell on them. Incurable plague, famine and drought swarmed down each cities and towns, burdened the people to death. 
He let out a sigh of despair upon the thought that had dwell on his mind. Now, he was on seek of someone who could bring a little peek of hope on each living’s heart — The Hunter. Finding the Hunter was not easy like that of a nutcracker’s job. It was a hell of a mission. He has no clue who the Hunter was. Besides, he had nothing but a ring resting on his forefinger which the Old Wizard gave him before they part.  The worst part is, he had to travel in time just to find this being in the world parallel to them, the Human World. Aside from that, he had a doubt if the Hunter really exist. It was just a mere rumors after all. Even Claw, the Old Wizard insist that he should find the Hunter in no time before the enemy does and made a move at their expense. 
The young man let out a scornful smile, thinking that he was doing everything to save others… to lift the curse on them yet he can’t cure his own. Looking up at the vivid moonlight shining upon him, he began to vanish in the thin air. 

CHAPTER II:   EXILED

The sun shines brightly with its vibrant hues, hours before it rest upon the horizon. Cold was the breeze and the ambiance was joyful. She was standing by the window, enjoying the soft gust of wind on her skin that very afternoon. All her classmates had gone home and she was the only one left. It was her kind of a habit to enjoy the afternoon view before walking her way home.
 Sofia Lockheart was a young lady of eighteen with eyes as precious as jades. Her walnut-colored hair was loosely braided, resting down from her left shoulder down to her chest about few inches above her waist. She was a lover of nature which was an obvious thing on her. Sofia was indeed an ordinary school girl like every girl on the city but there was just one thing that made her a huge different from the others. She could see things a human eye could not perceived. Things she called — The Unseen, since she was the only one who can see them. It was an ordinary thing for her though she never tell anyone about it yet, even her bestfriend does not know for the sake of them both.
She was adoring the site when she saw her long-liking guy Vincent on the distance, probably going home already. He was one of the crowd pleaser on their academy due to his good looks and kind heart. Moreover, he was her neighbor! She smiled and hurriedly took the stairs, down to the first storey. The hallway stood in great silence. Nothing can be heard except the sound of her hurried footsteps. She was a few distance away from Vincent when she heard loud thudding of something behind her. Sofia turned around but found no one, not even The Unseen. She smiled with a frown, might just be her illusion. She turned away and continued, calling out for Vincent. He waited her up and walked home together. 
They were on the front of the café when Vincent suddenly stopped and turned to her. “I’m sorry I can’t walk home with you, Sofie.” 
She knit a brow and want to ask why, but she just gestured a soft nod saying, “A-Ahm. It’s okay. No problem.”
Vincent smiled and turned his back away from her in a hurry. Curiosity was indeed a constant part of her. She took a few steps backward, enough to have a quick glance upon the glassy window of the café. A pretty, young lady was waiting for Vincent inside and was delightful upon seeing him. The girl was not from their academy, denoted by a different uniform she wore. The sight was enough to make Sofia turned away and continued on her track, something was pricking her heart. 
She walked aimlessly with her pouting lips and sulky eyes. It was almost dark and the light post began to shed the light. Her prince was being taken away from her, who would be glad knowing that? Sofia sighed deeply. She was always unlucky in everything. Come to think of it, why would she be so sad? The cake shop might still be open!
She smiled at the thought and walked in a swift pace. Suddenly, she felt sleepy and yawn, stretching her arms upward. The moment she regain herself, she heard growling sound forefront of her just a few paces away. She was standing beneath the old light post and her surroundings were dreadfully dark. The cold, ocean breeze leaves patches of damp sensation on her skin. The growling sound echoes in crescendo that brings a shiver to her spine. Sofia took a few steps backward as the figure began to take form on her vicinity. Her eyes widened in fear. It was a huge white wolf, growling furiously with its fierce eyes on her.
“A white wolf?” she whispered. “A-And it was huge…” 
It continue to draw near her, growling more furious. Sofia raised her hands, trying to calm the beast but it was no use. “I-I’m not tasty. I promise you… you would regret,” she said with a wobbly voice, slowly taking reversed steps. 
A hooded, tall figure suddenly appeared just before her eyes in the form of carmine smoke. He was wearing a black, furry-hooded cloak with its fullness that falls down to the ground, covering his whole being. The aromatic, sweet smell of rosebuds can be smelled everywhere. Sofia lay astounded as she watched the figure lift its head, meeting her eyes. He was surprisingly handsome in all corners of his face. Striking turquoise eyes were somewhat surprised to see her. His face was just few inches away from hers that made her heart beats rapidly inside her chest. 
“Get down”, he whispered subtly. His voice was captivating and echoing on her ears. Sofia seemed not to hear what he said as she lay lightning-stricken in surprise. He suddenly held her tightly on his arms as he swiftly slide his sword out of its silver sheath and slit in two the shadowy figure behind her with a gleaming scythe on its bony hands. The dagger shone brightly in the light. Strange image and writings was gracefully engraved on its glittering blade. A minute to be delayed might be cost her throat to be cut off. 
Sofia watched wide-eye as the bony, shadowy figure began to disappear like dust being carried by the wind. He held her close to him. She felt warm and safe on his arms. Looking up at him, she could clearly saw his face. His flaxen-colored hair flow freely from his face down to the length of his broad shoulders in a more fashionable cut that fits the shape of his handsome face. He seemed so mysterious to her yet so pleasing to stare upon. 
“They’re coming.” He turned to the ring on his forefinger. The gem on its core glows in firing red, emitting rubicund smoke. A faint smile portrayed on his lips and turned to her. Sofia cautiously turned away as he caught her staring at him. He loosen his grip and said, “Step back.”
She defenselessly followed him. Sofia almost exclaimed as the wolf growled on her back but turned away from her and stared back to the young man before her, still growling. She frowned and lay still on the side she thought to be safe. Her heart was pounding wildly on her chest. She want to run home but she hesitated. She cannot fight if the same bony figure appeared again. Just as what she thought, the murky smoke began to fill their surroundings, taking its form like the same shadowy figure. Scythes, particularly its very blade were gleaming in its sharpness on their hands. They appear bit by bit in number, bringing coldness in her whole being. 
Shadows began encircling the hooded man. Looking back on his shoulder, he said “Protect her”. The wolf seemed to comprehend and slightly bowed down its head. The next thing she heard was the sound of metal clashing fiercely, the growling of the beast on his side and the wild crashing of waves on the shoreline. It was a deafening sound to hear. Sofia cannot help glancing upon the hooded man at a distance who was battling ferociously over the skeletal shadows surrounding him. She cannot deny that the young man had captured her heart so quick. 
The young man drew his sword in. He gestured something and began blowing the rose petals on his palm to his unearthly enemies and it suddenly flamed. The dark figures turned into ashes leaving none of them in sight. He took a deep breathe when he sensed that the shadows was finally gone. He abruptly felt something was odd. He draw out his sword in an instant and throw the blade directly at her. Sofia gasped in shocked as she saw the blade flashed towards her face. She closed her eyes and lay still. The sword made a swishing sound as it passes her till it reached the target. She turned around upon hearing a loud thud behind her. The skeletal shadow was about to slit her throat being forbid by the blade that struck its head. The young man turned back, impassive as if everything was just an ordinary thing. There was no fear, not a single emotion on his seamless face. 
Sofia breathed out a sigh of relief, knowing that she was still alive. Throwing the blade without looking upon his opponent was a crazy thing! She was almost got killed! She gritted her teeth, outraged. She waited for an apology but she got nothing. 
“Don’t you know how to apologize?” Sofia protest, doesn’t have the chance to keep her silent fury. 
He turned to her and smirked. “Apologize? I’ve never done that before. Not once… and never will be”, he blandly remarked, lifting his sword from the ground.
She scoffed. What an arrogant creature he was! His angelic face was the whole reverse of his attitude. He utters a spell and a flickering, bright passage burst open, revealing the portal back to his world. Sofia was about to get her school bag and went home but he held her hand. “Time to leave.”
She tried to break free but he tightened his grip. “Where do you think you’re taking me, huh? After you had planned of killing me?” she growled at him. 
Instead of explaining, he grabbed her on the waist and dragged her into the passage. The wolf followed them right after. Dark shadows began to emerge in a larger unit and sought to follow them but the portal immediately closed, leaving no trace of them. 
Sofia was being blinded by the brightness of the light that surrounds them. The last thing she knew she was standing in the middle of the crowd. The sun shone brightly above the sky and people were everywhere. Most of them wore beautifully tailored dresses and fancy hats on their heads. Her lips parted in amusement. It was just odd, somehow she felt strange about this place. She felt sheltered, she felt home. Sofia turn around and found the hooded, young man few pace from her. Beside him, stood the white wolf that was staring on her with its wondrous eyes. She frowned as she noticed the size of it, smaller than before. 

CHAPTER III:   SURREAL

They traversed the large stone slabs that paved the path in silence until they have reached the thick woodland at the extremity of the clamorous city. From there, they took the narrow, verdant path that leads to the heart of the forest. Sofia could feel the smoldering pain on her heel but she never complain of it. Her mind would probably blow up in a minute from all the things that was stuffing her mind. A moment later, she was just with Vincent until her heart was broken. Now, she was with an arrogant stranger and a wolf? She suddenly let out a sigh of depression as she follow them, the hooded man in the lead. 
They halted in a moment. He suddenly turned to the beasts beside him and said, “You can take your form now, Raven.”
The wolf sat down on the ground. Thick, glimmering brightness enfolded the beasts and in a glimpse of an eye, he turned into a young, living boy at the age of eight or nine. His hair was golden in color with its fine strands that was a bit delayed for a cut. He was wearing a furry vest and creamy shirt. The trousers he wore was a bit bulky for him though it adds on his cuteness. Sofia stared in amazement until the boy draw close to her and smiled. 
“Sorry about earlier. I can’t stop but growled at you. I was still on mastering my shape-shifting techniques,” the boy finished with a smile. “Raven is my name. It was given my master.”
Sofia smiled. “A white wolf with a Raven name? Your master is quite peculiar.” Raven pulled a face. “Where is your master anyway?” Sofia asked, sitting on a huge stone on the corner. 
“I am afraid he was in front of you, my lady.” The young boy answered, referring to the hooded man on her front. The kid giggled childishly. Sofia turned to the young man and whistled softly in a joyous tune as she circled her eyes. “I’m Sofia anyway. Sofia Lockheart.” She offered her hand for a shake but the child just stare at her in a quizzical brow. 
“Can I call you, Fie?” the child asked, ignoring her hand. 
She nod, putting her hand down. “Sure. But in exchange, I’ll call you Whitey?”
The young man who was listening in silence, smirked behind his hood. Whitey? What an awful name. She was worst from what he expected. In some way, he had a doubt if the ring that the Old Wizard gave him really works. Sofia knit her brow. Is he smirking? He turned away when she caught him.
Raven, after a moment said in a hesitant way, “U-Ugh. All right then.”
“We have to move. It was still a long way to go,” he snapped and continued on their way. Raven quickly followed his master. Sofia tried to stand but she felt her legs trembled. She felt her knee quivered on a single step and stumbled on the ground. Raven noticed her and hurriedly went to her.
“I’m alright. I just tripped.” She said and forced to smile in spite of pain. 
Raven noticed the sore on her heel. “Master!” the boy called-out for his master’s assistance. The young man turned back and went near them. He knelt down on one knee to check over her. Sofia shook her head and hide the swollen heel. 
“I’m okay. It’s getting dark in a few hours. We should leave,” she said, trying to act like nothing but her knees failed her and fell down. 
He turned to her with annoyance. “You’re not helping. Show it to me.”
Sofia made a face and showed her swollen heel. “Your ankle was broken,” he said, laying his hands over the injured part. It suddenly glowed and the redness disappeared along with the pain. “We should rest. Only the pain was gone but the wound was still there.” He help her sit on the stone. He glanced at her and walk away, gone in split seconds.
The sun was now setting on the far west as the clouds changes its hue. She remembered how she watched the same scenery back on her world. The longing swept over her. Sofia begin to wonder about the things that she had left — Mrs. Wyndham, her friends, Vincent even her schoolbag. She let out a helpless sigh and searched for a certain face but it was none to be found.
Raven noticed her and said, “If it was my master you seek, do not worry about him. He always disappeared without a word.”
Sofia nod and smiled on the boy nearby. “Your world… It’s amazing.”
“You mean the city before? It was Safehaven and this Kingdom was Lynabria. It was nice there, wasn’t it? But not all towns were like that,” the boy said.
“What do you mean “not like that”?
The boy let out a faint smile. “You’ll see.”
Sofia smiled. “Your master might have taught you well. You speak like an old man.” 
“Indeed. He was my father…” Sofia frowned. “…my mother, my sister, my brother… He was my master,” Raven added. “I was the last one left from my kind, the Wolfspider. He protected, fed, and trained me.”
She nodded as a sign of relief, thinking that person already had a son melted her heart in consternation. After all, he was not that vain as it may seem. “What was his name by the way?” she remembered to ask, turning her look on the boy who was now seated by her side. 
“His name was Chase. Ugh… well, that’s what everybody known him of.” Raven answered.
“Does he really often talk?” Sofia inquired, touching her bruised heel gently. 
“A yes for that. My Master never talks a lot. We only knew a bit of him.” The child yawn. It seemed that he was also tired and sleepy as well.
“Do you want to sleep here?” she asked offering her lap.
The child shook his head. “Master Chase ordered me to protect you.”
Sofia fairly laugh. The helpless boy will protect her? It should be the other way around. He’s too young and she was now turning to be a woman. “It’s alright. I’ll be fine. Sleep now… just a nap.”
Raven looked around and sensed no danger. “You sure you’ll be fine, Fie?”
She smiled and nod. The boy raised his feet over the stone and coiled on her side, his head resting on her lap. “You think he will come back for us?” she wondered, fondling the strands of Raven’s hair. 
“Yes. Master was out there, finding the best route to the Valley. I’m sure he will… and sure of that,” the boy guaranteed and came the silence. The sun was now setting at the peak of the Blue Mountains. It was getting darker and darker until only the graceful starlight could be seen on the gloomy sky above, peering at the leaves of the trees that shades them. Night birds began to sing their harmonic songs as they fluffed their wings on the branches of the trees nearby. The boy began to speak as he rubbed his teeny fingers over his sleepy eyes. “You know Fie, I just remember. You look like Lady Iris...”
Knitting her brows, Sofia looked down to Raven and asked, “Iris?”
The child let out a deep breathe. “She was Master Chase’s… “ 
She waited for the last fragment of words but Raven was already asleep. Sofia just scratched her head, yearning for it to be heard. It does not feel good. She was so eager to know more about this mysterious, hooded young man that dragged her into this mystifying world. The arrogant man that had steal her wandering heart in just a matter of time. Then, she thought of Vincent… her first love maybe. Comparing them, they were both handsome, yet Chase was a bit stunning than the latter. Though, his neighbor was gentler in nature. Well, not anyone could have it all, she thought. 
Sofia was suddenly struck by a threatening movement and rustling of bush in a distant, caused by a dark, rough figure moving its way to her place. It was followed by an indistinct growl of some wild animal. She gulped in tense, wondering what causes that eerie sound. Sofia tried to wake Raven but the child was in deep sleep, snoring loudly. As a precaution, she gently lay down the child’s sleepy head on the stone as she sought for something that could use as a tool against some sort of threat that might be out for them. She then gathered all the stone that she could find, tugging a dried branch of tree that she could reached. 
The noise deepen and came out of a shadow a huge black wolf, twice larger than what Raven could shift to. Sofia instantly dropped the twig on her hand upon seeing the wild beasts at her face. Cold sweat run down her spine, looking up at the creature. She slowly grab the dropped twig at her feet, her look was still pinned on the creature for any possible movement of it. Taking a few steps towards her, the beast growl as loud as it can that made Sofia shiver with fear. Raven was awaken by the loud unpleasant noise and was shocked to see the beast before them. 
“Stay back, Whitey,” she warned, holding the twig on her hand tightly. “You’re no match for him.”
Raven gulped and whispered. “Either your twig, Fie.”
The creature vaulted high, attacking them with its sharp claws and pointed fangs that were hungry for a bite. The two shrieked in fear. In an instant, they smelled the scent of fragrant rosebud filling the air. Chase appeared at her side, faintly clothe in sparkling specks of claret dust. Grabbing her shoulders close to him, he gently raised his hand towards the beasts that soon laid petrified in the air. By the sway of his hand, the beasts fell hardly to the earth. It posed another attack but then halted staring its furious eyes to the man on her side. Sofia looked up and saw the young man’s eyes glowed from an icy blue one to firing red. It was frightening to look to. His eyes were filled with varied, elusive compassion and the sense of solitariness dwelt on them. She felt pity for him in some way she could not figure out to understand. Sofia turned away and pinned her sight on the beast. It lay still and whimpered in fear, leaving them behind in a haste. His eyes turned back to its usual shade, striking and cold. 
He looked back to his young apprentice. “What have I told you?” his voice were calm yet reprimanding in a way too apparent. 
Sofia defended the boy. “He was tired and fell asleep. I was the one who told him to.” 
“My deepest apology, Master Chase,” the boy said, bowing his head to his young master. “It will never happen again, I swear.”
His master never breathe a word. He turned away, surveying the place for any probable danger. Sofia raised a brow mocking the young man beyond his knowledge. Raven just smiled in silence. He thinks, he was liking the young lady. Raven aided her back to the stone. 
Chase suddenly draw out his sword as a slender figure came running towards him from behind, arms open for a tight embrace. Flaire’s eyes widened as she found the gleaming blade on her throat, just before she could lay her arms over his waist. She draw back in swift motion, stomping her feet. Raven’s laugh echoed the place.
“What was that for?” Flaire grumbled.
Chase turned his eyes to the girl who was just as his age. Her pale tangerine hair was fastened by a huge, pretty ribbon on her head. Her eyes were bright and joyful even it was dark. She was Flaire Blaze. Bright colored skirt just above her knee fitted her with a beautiful collared sleeve as an upper garment. People here are somewhat fashionable, Sofia thought to herself. 
“You would never have a chance to lure my Master, witch,” Raven interrupted, making a face at Flaire.
Flaire rolled her eyes, spinning her head back to the young man. “I have missed you, Chase. You, two have been gone for weeks. I am glad you’re here now. The Valley would be very pleased, for sure.”
Raven and Chase frowned, taking quick glances on each other while Sofia listened to them in silence, puzzled. “Weeks you said?” Raven startled. It seems that they were gone in just a couple of minutes.
“You heard it right. As a fact, Claw sent me saying you have arrived with a visitor.” Flaire turned to Sofia and continued, “It was her, I believe.”
The child jumped down the rock. “She was Sofia Locker.” Sofia cleared her throat and corrected the boy, “It was Sofia Lockheart.”
Flaire nod, grinned. “Flaire Blaze.” Sofia smiled in return. The night owl cooed in the branch of the broad tree near them. Flaire cautiously look in all direction, slightly shuddered. “Why it was so dark in here?” she asked. It could not be denied that she was afraid of the dark, yet she had found them in the midst of it all by herself. The young woman turned to the man on her side. “Will you make a fire for me?”
Chase stretched his hand to her and make a creepy, blue fire image out of it. The young woman screamed in a high-pitch voice, jumping to her feet. “Chase Strife! You fool!” she snarled. “A worthy fire, will you!??” He smirked. A light, glowing fire set ablaze on the ground before them.
The two on the side laughed until their stomach hurts. Flaire laughed with them. Their funny gestures made her lose her rage. The stars revealed their glorious light that night as the leaves of the trees danced by the soft gust of the night breeze.

CHAPTER IV:   THE VANISHED SCRIPT

The sky was clear and the air was fresh with the smell of morning dews the next morning. Flaire Blaze tell stories of her childhood just to keep the company alive. They took the murky path into the thicket in swift pace, the best route to the Valley. Sofia and Raven followed behind, listening to Flaire’s weird stories. Chase led them quietly. There were many unnecessary things that keeps on flooding his thoughts. First, did he really get hold of the right person? Second, will this person believe and help them? Third, now what? He sighed. Claw was such an odd, Old Wizard. Chase sometimes doubt the ideas of that old man. Just as what had happen to them. They should be in the Valley right now, setting out a plan in the quest for the book but the reverse had happen. Here they are, still on their way along with Flaire Blaze, the chattiest girl he had ever known. Chase shook his head in disbelief. What had gone in the Old Wizard’s mind? 
Flaire noticed his silence and cling to him like his girl. He shove off her hands but she kept on clinging to him. Chase gave up. There was certainly no cure with this girl. Sofia and Raven exchanged a wondering look on each other. Suddenly, something odd caught Sofia’s eyes. Chase was rather hobbling as he walked in a slow paced. Does he injured himself or what? Something was wrong with him, she thought but it just remained in her head. She was further troubled by the way the young lady beside him cleaved unto his arms.
“That two… are they…?” Sofia whispered to the boy at her side and gestured something with her cute fingers. Raven smirked, shook his head in assurance. 
“Nope. Not a chance,” Raven whispered back. “Master’s ideal lady was not that witch.”
Sofia smiled by what the boy had said. She wanted to ask who but it was better to know a little than knowing everything and hurting her in the end. She stared at him, mesmerized. He was still good-looking even behind his back. Chase suddenly glanced on her, she blushed and turned her look away. 
Sofia remembered Iris. Turning to Raven she said, “Ugh… This Iris who — …”
Flaire suddenly spoke. “We’re here!”
Raven raced towards Flaire. He turned back and called her up. She smiled and make quick paces. They were now in the end of the thicket. In front of them was a magnificent waterfall. It was a very wonderful view of nature. The water seemed so cool and fresh. Its crashing sound brought up a beautiful melody on the vast woodland. She looked all over the site but something was missing. There were no dwellings not even a small town. Chase remove the hood of his cloak, revealing more of his eye-catching looks. On his ear hangs a charming, emerald gem. He snapped his finger in a swift motion. The gem glimmered as the water stops from flowing down, unfolding a hidden covert. The ground suddenly shake. And from it emerge a mass of land, forming a bridge leading to the other brink. Sofia widened her eyes. This guy was truly enchanted, she thought. 
After they have crossed the bridge, the water began to flow once more and the mass of land disappeared bit by bit. The passage was dark and gloomy. Only the light that radiates from the other end of the tunnel can be seen. Raven clasped her hand and they walked together. Chase and Flaire was behind them.
Flashed of sunlight bedazzled Sofia’s wondering eyes as they reached the edge of the passage. She was astounded by the marvelous sight before her. It was a vivid place filled with the splendid riches of priceless splendor. Trees grow abundantly as birds sings upon their broad branches, filling the air with their cheerful songs. Flowers, all of them were delightful and the butterflies with their brilliant wings enjoy their company. The mountain with their snow-covered summit stood in magnificent view. Between them was a small, busy town. Smoke was coming out of their dusty chimneys. The sentiment touch of being free lingered upon her whole being. It was a beautiful world! 
“Welcome to the Hidden Valley,” Flaire announced, moving to her side. She pointed the little town at a distant. “See that busy spot there? That was Pendragon. Wizards, witches, warlocks… name it. That is our veiled lair.”
Sofia nod though she cannot still believe the thought that she was seeing all of this things that only in fairytales exists. She looked back to the young man behind her and brightly smiled at him. Chase turned his look away. Arrogance was maybe a part of him that was intact down to his very bone.
The three started their way to the nearby town after observing the scenery. Chase was left behind which he really did on purpose. There were things he need to ponder about. The mood he felt was odd. That was the most genuine smile he had seen. It was innocent and real, no sign of pretense like that of someone he knew. This girl even look much alike her, setting aside their manners. He scoffed comparing their huge differences. However, that smile, in one way or another melt away the coldness in his heart. Chase let out an unspoken smile on his lips and follow after his companions. Sofia Lockheart, what else can you do to save this dying world?


***


Sofia wandered cheerfully on the bustling town of Pendragon. They had reached the place in no time and she was thankful of it. Flaire was with her as they roam from store after store. It looks like a wide, open bazaar where you could find all the things you need — fancy hats, dresses, footwear, old books with strange writings even weird looking apparels. Raven stayed by his master as they watched the two do their girl’s business. They feel at ease now that they were in the lair, the Hordes of Darkness would not be able to follow them through the barrier. After exploring the town, they continued on their way. They went uphill to where the known Wizard Claw dwell. 
After a long walk, they stopped in an old, almost devastated cabin near the hilltop. Sofia bent down to her knees, panting heavily. Her school uniform was soaked in sweat. She lift her head, resting her hands on her waist. The door suddenly creaked as it opens gradually for its visitors. Chase came in first, they followed him right after. It was pitch-black inside until a shimmering chandelier lit up. The house was awfully spacious as it does not seem to be that grand outside. Obviously, a wizard’s masterpiece. Numerous things were definitely waiting to astonish her in this new world, Sofia thought in silence.
An elderly man with long, pale beard tied on the mid-end appeared before them in a form of silky, white smoke. He was wearing a white, lengthy sophisticated apparel. He smiled pleasantly and opened his arms for them, welcoming. “Pleasure to sheltered you in my humble house,” he said with a wide grin.
Chase nod in response but does not breathe a word. Sofia smiled, bowing her head slightly. The two wave their hands gracefully with a smile on their faces. The old man draw forth, patting the young man on his shoulders. “It seemed that you have found The Hunter.”
“We have found her easily.” Chase stated. “Just in time.”
“It was delightful to have you back here,” the old man said in a low voice. “It’s been weeks since I have seen that valiant look in your eyes.”
He kept his stern look. “We have gone for just hours.”
Claw nodded, stroking the tip of his long beard. “Time have made a remarkable difference between the worlds, haven’t it? A day here was just a minute in them.”
The old one turned to her and was gladdened. “So, it was you… The Blood of the Hunter dwells in your veins. That was a wonderful gift but such gift posed great danger.”
Sofia frowned and spoke, “I have matters to ask you, Sir. How long should I stay here?”
“Indeed. I am very much aware of that,” the Old Wizard denoted, throwing his look upon the rest. “We have matters to talk about. I will see you all in a couple of hours.”
Raven waved his hands to Sofia and said, “Bye, Fie! Later then.” The boy let out a wide smile on its face. Chase cast a glance on her in silence and the three disappeared in an instance. 
The young lady and the Old Wizard went to the Archive Hall where the wizard spent most of his time making new potions and spells against the Hordes of Darkness that was trailing them at large. Claw twisted the weird-looking knob before them and the door burst open, revealing an odd, dark room. Strange sort of energy was surrounding it. They entered and the gilded, candelabra lighted up all of a sudden. Its silky, flickering light brought life to every corners of it. Ancient books, parcels, and scrolls filled the mounted, timeworn shelves on two of the four sides of the room. On one side stood the polished glass case beside an old grandfather clock that made the room danced to its every ticks. A deadlock binds the case as if it holds something valued enough to be sealed away. On one corner rest a sturdy, old table loaded with tons of cluttered manuscripts and an old-fashioned pen made of quill feather lies on its edge. The wind blow its breeze from an open window pane just beside it. A book left open had fallen on the floor, along with other documents underneath. At the other edge of the table was a slender candlestick that lit up as the wizard’s finger points to it. 
“Messy wasn’t it?” the wizard chuckled. Sofia draw out a smile of agreement, rolling her eyes over the place. Claw draw something in the air and all the stuff float, going to their proper places as they danced to the sway of the wizard’s hands. The room lay perfectly neat and tidy after. Sofia blinked her eyes. Awesome. 
“Now it was pleasing,” the Old Wizard glanced at her with a wide grin. He pulled his chair and sat on it. The chair slightly creaked on the flabbiness of the Old Wizard. Sofia raised her brow and silently smiled as she cleared her throat. The wizard throw a look on her and paused. “Oh, sorry to keep you on your feet,” Old Claw apologized. “This wizard is getting too old. Need of replacement eh? Unfortunately that boy never shown interest doing my stuff.” He sighed, waving his finger over his white-haired head. An elegant stool popped up on her side that made the young woman gasped. It was soft, fluffy to her touch and it was real! 
“I’ve seen so many questions in your eyes,” the Old Wizard started and Sofia turned to him in a sudden. Certainly, she had. Claw clasped his aged hands together, stared at her in a more serious mood and softly said, “Tell me what is it, child.”
Sofia bent to sit on the magical chair. She sighed and began to speak, “It was so much that I can’t figure out what to ask you first.” The wizard nodded comprehensively. The girl grow up in a more diverged world, very far from them. He gave her some time and Sofia continued. “Why am I here? And these people, you … what were you people? What… t-this place—?” She had lost in confusion and turned away. 
Claw smiled and simply answered. “This was your home.” Sofia knitted her brow in a more puzzled way. Seeing how the young girl reacted, he began to enlighten her. “Let’s start this way. In the time when the sun shone its first magnificent rays upon this once beautiful and perfect world.” The Old Wizard paused, glanced back at Sofia who listened in silence. “There was once a powerful Archmage, the one that created this world. He divided it to three glorious Kingdoms — the Lynabria on the East which was led by King Trious, King Vladymir ruled the Etheria situated on the West and on the North lies Hesperia that was in the hands of King Belmonte. These Kingdoms dominated the world for centuries and beyond. Each had given a Gift — wonderful gift from the Sage. Etherians were called The Warriors for they were skilled on any form of warfare that no one could withstand them — The Gift of Glory. Lynabrians on the other hand, acquire the Gift of Knowledge that enables them to know what the future tells. Most of them were Seers and Hunters… that might be the reason why they were called The Heralds. The Gift of Illusion had been given to Hesperians that’s why they were inclined on doing potions and making chants. They were the Wizards and Witches of Ancient times.”
“Your ancestors I guess,” the young woman interrupted. Old Claw nod in accordance to her. “Yes. Well said, child.” Then, he continued. “It had been fruitful days for the people as they live in harmony with nature and the Archmage on their side, but the Sage was growing old. He entrusted his sacred and powerful book to the Blue Bloods of Lynabrians. His silver sword had been granted to those of Etherian blood. But the Hesperian was left with nothing and the Archmage had been disappeared to this world. That was the day the twist of fate befallen upon the people, when King Belmonte grow envious of the other Kings that made him succumb to deep, dark forces. He seeks nothing but power and wisdom. The wretched king had become wicked that he killed the King of Etheria and his descendants, though some of them had escaped and live as a commoner despite the fear that was still embarked on their hearts.”
Sofia broke again saying, “Why are you telling me those when it has nothing to do with me?”
The wizard chortled. “How sure are you, my child?” He looked at her for a long moment and said, “You are the last bloodline of King Trious.” Sofia burst into laughter. That was the most absurd thing she had heard. The Old Wizard laughed with her and suddenly came into halt. “Listen child,” he said. “I never thought that what I’ve said would make you laugh but you think your ability to see things a normal human cannot was just a talent?”
Sofia laid silent for a moment. She began to think. And yes, the Old Wizard was right. She was getting the thought of believing him but what if this old man was just playing with her? Or if this was just a dream? Or a nightmare perhaps? She would surely lose her mind when she woke up. Was there no other option left but to believe? She let out a breath of confusion. She was sure. It was just a dream! Sofia stood abruptly and slammed her fist on the hard table with all her might. Silence echoed the hall as the Old Wizard shook his head in disbelief. The young girl wailed in pain after. “That might be really hurts,” Claw whispered, knitting his white brows. What an incredible girl, the Old One thought. A smile shone on his slump face. Nevertheless, he had a good feeling about it. There stood a chance and he somehow sees it. This young maiden could change that boy, or perhaps this hopeless world.

CHAPTER V:   UNWRITTEN PROPHECY

“You should never did that,” Old Claw chided the young woman, healing her inflamed hand. The pain disappeared and the wound have healed with just a few magical spells the Old Wizard uttered.  Her teary eyes lowered in embarrassment.
“Guard yourself not destroy it,” Claw begin and finished with a sigh. “Don’t you know how Gifted you are, my child?” Sofia met his stare in bewilderment as silence took over.
“If what you’re saying is true… so, w-who am I?” She stammered as she spoke. 
Claw stared at her for a moment and said, “In your blood runs the blood of the Ruler, the blood of the Hunter — the Blue Blood of Lynabria.”
Sofia bit her lips, still confused. “You said that this King Belmonte killed the Royal Bloods of Etheria. What happened to their people then?”
“Some went astray to the far South. Some moved and settled here in Lynabria for thousands of years,” Claw replied.
“And to King Belmonte?”
“He ruled Etheria and the people that were left behind. He made them Slaves of Hesperians, forcing them of hard labor,” Claw sighed deeply, lowering his gaze.
Her desire to know more brought her another question, “What happened then?”
“So, time went by and the King of Hesperia died of old age. He had no son and the princess was still young at that time therefore not suited to rule over the Kingdom. His young adviser, Skull… A Royal Wizard took over the throne. The people hoped that he will change the wrong-doings of the late king but their hope failed them. He turned against his own kind, slaying them each by each, afraid that a time came that one Gifted sorcerer would stand and opposed him of his dark plans.” The old Wizard paused, glanced at her and continued. “He grow wicked than the king himself. Skull indulged himself in ancient curse and dark sorcery. The mysterious death of King Trious, your forefather was being accused on him. His family fled along with the Archmage’s Script, in the fear that they will end up like the Etherians and they were right. Skull’s disciples hunt them down in seek of the book. Lynabria had come to the state of chaos as no one led its hopeless people. You were just a new born child when that happen I presumed and to keep you alive they sent you to the human world…”
Sofia lay still, watching as the candle melt down. She never met her parents. Could it be true that she was the only one left of her line? She looked back at Claw. “If Skull’s disciples were after me, how can I survive in this world? How can I defeat them?”
“Wonderful question, my child.” Claw let out a smile. “I had created this place and I guaranteed you were safe here. The Hordes won’t be able to pass through the Veil. Besides, they won’t sense your existence here.”
“If you were that powerful, why don’t you fight Skull yourself?” Sofia inquired.
Claw chortled, touching the tip of his white beard. “That was suicide, I think. My power was limited and just enough to keep the people and the wizards in this Valley sheltered from any threat of Darkness.”
She chortled. “Then, you expect me to brawl against those horrible things out there?”
The Old Wizard shook his head. “Not at all. Not by yourself.”
She raised a brow. The Old Wizard continued, “All you have to do is to find the Script. Brawling? Left it to someone Gifted enough to handle it.” His eyes glistened with hope but Sofia has a doubt. How could she possibly find the book when at the first place she was not sure if she was the right person to handle such responsibility? As if remembering something the Wizard said, “Let me show you.” He draw something from his table, a key. Claw went to the glass case, opened its lock and draw the Crystal Orb gently to his grip. He laid it in front of her eyes. 
“This is the Sphere,” the Old Wizard expounded. “This will open up your Gift as a Hunter. It shows things you want to see, though it needs vital awareness and besides… if the Sphere, itself, allows you to.”
The Crystal Orb shines bright under the candlelight. It holds great power and in some way Sofia could feel it rushing down her soul. The Old Wizard uttered something and a bright light filled the room to the extent of almost blinding her vision. Sofia buried her eyes on her hands. The light grow faint and disappeared.
“Now, look.” She heard the Old Wizard spoke. Sofia lifted her face and saw a blurry vision on the Sphere. It grows clearer and clearer until she saw its brilliance. Claw nod with a smile. He found the Hunter at last whom he only heard on myths and rumors. She took a closer look on the Sphere and there she saw the Darkness whipping the people of their deadly pestilence. She heard their cries of agony, their grief and their pled for mercy. She saw their tears and it struck her heart with so much pain. Sofia saw dark smoke shaped like a skull, casting its dreadful shadows over cities and towns. The people tried to run but their feet were shackled down to the ground. It was a terrifying sight. Suddenly, the scene shifted… she saw herself dressed in all white. Two men were standing on her both sides with their stunning garbs of the same tint as hers but their faces, she could not see. The Hordes of Darkness and the Shadows appeared. The two men had protected her with their gleaming swords. However the Shadows seemed not on her trail, but on them. Her vision became blurry and the last things she saw was the picture of her protecting one of them while the other fell into great darkness. The scene changes with a blink of an eye. She then saw herself and behind her was a woman standing with a knife, aiming at her. She look closer and was shocked to see that the woman was no other but her. The vision ended and the Sphere shine no more, leaving her with crinkled brows and a fretful look. 
“What does it revealed to you?” The Wizard inquired seeing her face turned a little pale. Sofia stared in emptiness and softly answered, “It shows the people of this world and they were calling for mercy… for help.” Nonetheless, it was just a part of her vision that made her felt uneasy, troubled upon what the future holds. The urge in finding the book in no time came unto her senses. She wants to end up the suffering of these people either it was hers or not. 
Sofia gained her intellect, looked back at the Old Wizard and said, “We should find the book immediately and then, follow your plan.” She paused for a moment. Thinking about the book, she asked, “What was the book all about?”
“As what I’ve told you, the book holds great power. It might contains all the ancient spells that could free the people from Skull’s dark curse,” Claw explained. “The book could only be found by you.”
Sofia nodded. “Very well then. When should we start?” she asked, stirred by the visions she had seen. The ardor in her eyes could be seen by the Old Wizard. He stared aimlessly at the dangling pendulum before saying, “I’ll think about that. For now, you should rest. You might be tired.”
She nod and choose to be silent as she traced down the patterns on the Old One’s eyes. “My associate will guide you to your room,” Claw stated, placing the Sphere back into the glass case. Sofia turned around but saw no one in the hall, which supposedly would guide her to her room. 
The Old Wizard spoke again. “Go now. Lead the way…”
The candelabra on the side suddenly floated in the air. Sofia dropped her lips. She never thought that thing was alive. The door slowly opened and it came out, waiting for her to follow. She turned back to the Old Wizard saying, “I am leaving. Thank you — ...” She never knew his name.
“It was Claw,” the Old Wizard announced. “The Great Wizard of the Hidden Valley!” His cheerful hysterics filled out the whole room. The candlestick’s flame died in rebuke of its Master’s silly thought. The Wizard turned towards the candlestick and growled, “How courageous you are to defy your Master?!” The candlestick shines again in fear. 
Sofia chuckled, bowed her head and leave the master and his assistant behind. The door closed on her back. She sluggishly followed the candelabra as it led her upstairs. The thought of her being dragged into the mystical world and now, following a candle bring a silly smile on her lips. 


***


The air leaves an uplifting atmosphere upon his green surroundings as it carries down the scent of the coming autumn. It was good to be home. Human world was far different from theirs. Chase rest beneath the shade of an old, deep-rooted deciduous tree whose colorful leaves fell down upon his environment which was being carried by the soft breeze. The rays of the sun slipped through the shady branches of the tree above him, down to the verge of his lustrous eyes. He rest his arms over his bended knee, glancing upon his husky boot and through the covered part of it. He knew there was no swollen mark on his ankle but just the pain of having them. He sighed deeply, leaning through the coarse bark of the tree on behind him. Chase partially closed his eyes, letting the golden rays of the sun touched his lids. He felt the presence of someone yet he acted like he was not aware of her sudden existence.
A slender figure of a young woman appeared beside him, blowing softly on his sensitive ears. Strands of fine hair fluttered into his stunning face. She smiled modestly as he kept his stillness, allowing her to do whatever she likes. She was gladdened by the thought that she was the only one that could do such childish things to him.
“Looks like a valiant knight had left his guard down eh?” Iris whispered into his ears, stroking aside the strands of his flaxen hair that had partly covered his face. He suddenly opened his eyes that had almost melted her. She turned away from his captivating gaze. 
Chase straightened out, glancing at the young woman by his side whose face was still reddened in shame. He laid silent and drawn a wry smile on his lips. Iris smiled. She missed the time they sat together in silence, gazing at the azure sky above them. Since she had lost all her memories of childhood and even her name. She had known this handsome fellow for quite a long time. Iris grew up under Wizard Claw’s guidance, taking apprenticeship of him when Chase, along with his younger sister Victoria appeared before the Wizard’s door requesting to be his apprentice as well. Claw gladly welcomed him and they grow up together since then. 
“How was she?” Chase asked, referring to his sister Victoria.
“She doesn’t know of your return,” came the reply. “I’m sure she would be glad seeing your face again.” He faintly smiled but stayed in silence.
“I think, I — I missed your presence,” she said with a smile, stuttered by her own words.
He turned to her and smirked. “Think again.”
He never changed, she thought. But, she likes him in spite of such arrogance and stern look on his eyes. She likes him and she wonder if he felt the same, or had he just been kind to her all along? He was just the type that was hard to read. Iris draw a smile on her face. She was a beautiful, young maiden of his age with hair as black as the night sky. Eyes that glows like the starlight. And hey, she looks just like Sofia Lockheart! Only a little bit taller. Whenever he looked at her, he was being reminded by that brat and whenever he looked at that brat, he was reminded of Iris. The thought let out a confusing smile on him as he stares at the distant mountains. 

CHAPTER VI:   ENCHANTRESS’ VISIONS

Sofia had been awaken by a nightmare, aware that she had been asleep all day. She rubbed her fingers over her sleepy eyes as she turned to the opened window. The gust of wind brought sudden chill to her nerves. She jumped to her feet when she saw someone was sitting on its wide ledge. Sofia widened her eyes and finally convinced that it was just a mere delusion. The howling of wolves at the distant forest reminds her of the unnerving dream.  She sat back to the bed and pondered about her visions. There, she was being chased by large, dark wolves. She screamed but no words came out. It was dark and no one was there to save her. Everything went black after that. The next thing that appeared was… yes, the book! It was hidden on a cryptic, black forest and was calling for her. She had felt the power within it — a destructive one. Sofia pictured out the forest, of what it looks like. And the moment she tilt her head, something grabbed her attention. A painting. Not an ordinary one for it was exactly what she saw! Sofia snatched the canvas, hurriedly dashed out of the room and raced downstairs.
In her haste, she accidentally bumped on someone. The painting flew into the air. Luckily, someone grabbed her waist before she horribly fall down the stairs. Sofia saw the painting floated back to the person that had saved her… or the one that she had bumped into? She could not tell anyhow. Sofia lifted her face and saw a young man before her eyes. He was good-looking on his burgundy hair. It was not that short and spiky that adds charm upon his promising face. His brown eyes were gazing at her in curiosity. Sofia stand back to her feet and stole back the art piece. 
“Sofia… Lockheart?” he asked suspiciously. 
She nod but did not breathe a word. She had enough of that cunning faces. He might be like that guy too, she thought. But he surprised her with a smile and said, “Tristan Hampton.” He slightly bowed with gentleness. “Nice to have you here,” the young man added and continued on his way. 
Sofia arced a brow and started on her way too. Raven and Flaire was staring at them ever since with their knitted brows as they waited by the pillar below. Sofia smiled as she draw near the two with the painting on her chest. 
“You should be careful sometimes,” Flaire remarked and shook her head. “Why are you running anyway?”
She blinked her lids and choose to be silent. Raven winked an eye on her and set a wide grin.  “Do you know where Claw was?” Sofia asked after sometime. The two shrugged their shoulders. The door thud as it suddenly opened. Two figure entered. Sofia glanced and saw Chase with a gorgeous lady with him. The young woman was way too demure. She looks so kind with the appealing smile that draws the curve of her lips. It could not be denied that at one glanced, someone would might have mistaken them as twins. Could it be that she was…  
“Iris!” Flaire called out upon seeing the young woman who was dressed in stunning ivory dress. Iris went near the group, surprised the moment she saw Sofia. Chase followed, glancing at the girl with the canvas. Sofia caught his glance and smiled. He turned away with his stern look. 
“You two were like twins,” Flaire announced, looking to Sofia then back to Iris again. “Ugh… Setting aside the color of your hairs or eyes maybe… you were so identical.”
Sofia chuckled. “I have to go and ask my parents about that…” Flaire laughed. The two was not related but they looked the same? Odd wasn’t it? Iris just shook her head and smiled at Sofia. 
“Seems like everybody was here,” Claw interrupted as he went downstairs. Everyone throw their eyes over the Old Wizard. He joined them in a moment and went near Chase’s side. Patting his shoulder, the Old Wizard said, “Someone was so eager to see you.”
Tristan appeared at the stairs, escorting a beautiful, young girl at the age of thirteen or fourteen. She looked like a doll, Sofia thought. Her flaxen hair flows freely up to her waist, colored beads bejeweled it to its very tip. Gentle blue eyes mesmerized them with its every glance. Victoria halted and became teary-eyed when she saw her elder brother’s face. Chase went to her sister and hugged her tightly in his arms. Sofia was carried by the brotherly love that the two had shared. She never thought that guy had a younger sister as attractive as him. No wonder, she was indeed his sister. Chase turned to his friend and nod. Tristan patted his shoulder, knowledgeably. 
“That was Victoria…” Flaire whispered to Sofia. “My soon to be sister-in-law.”
Sofia smiled and whispered back, “Do you want me to be your bridesmaid?” Flaire chuckled, poking her side. Sofia poked back and the next thing they knew everyone was looking at them. They blushed and turned against each other in embarrassment.
Claw took a deep breath and said, “Well, since everybody was gathered here tonight. I would like you to meet our guest… Sofia Lockheart. She was the last living descendant of King Trious, the rightful ruler of Lynabria.” Everyone smiled, except Chase that looked away from her. Sofia smile forcibly, bothered by the way he treated her. She was now getting the thought that he does not like her existence. Victoria on the other hand, wave a hand at her. Sofia nod in response. 
“I’m Iris,” the lady on the far left said with a warm smile. 
“Raven told me about you.” Sofia smiled back. She lowered her gaze and noticed the canvas on her chest. Her face turned pale and went to the Old Wizard. Chase followed his gaze, seeing her pale face. 
“I knew where the book was,” Sofia uttered.
Silence took over the hall. Claw paid deep attention by what The Hunter had told. Sofia slightly trembled. She hold her breath and continued, “I saw it in my dreams. It was hidden here…” Lifting the canvas, Claw knitted his brow. 
“That was The Dark Fall Mountains,” Claw said with a jarring voice. The mountain had been the dwellings of the Lost Souls. No wizard brave enough would wander on its dark forest. It was lifeless so as the things that was on it. No one would suspect that something valuable was hidden on that forsaken forest. There was a silence and it deafens Sofia.
“Even my forefather warned us about that forest,” Raven whispered, clutching his fingers on his back. The scenery on the canvas was frightening, what more if it was real? The child gulp as fear clothe him.
“The journey won’t be friendly, I believed.” The Old Wizard looked down upon the young woman. “You’ve done well Hunter,” he whispered in discreet tone. Turning around, he asked, “Who was in for this quest?” There was no response as everyone lay astounded. Someone suddenly spoken in a natural tone.
“I’m in,” Chase curtly said. The person beside him, his friend Tristan seconded. Then hands raised up one after another. Sofia smiled, gladdened that she would not travel alone. Even Victoria raised her hands but her brother shook his head. Victoria was lame but she was brave enough to volunteer herself. That, made her brother honored by the courage she had shown and her willingness to help. 
“Flaire, you stay behind,” Claw decided. “Watch over Victoria… Besides, I had a lot of work for you.”
Flaire made a face but chose never to complain. Instead, she said, “How about Raven? Don’t tell me you would let him?” 
Raven defend himself. “I can protect myself, witchy? I can smell danger.”
“Not when you’re snoring,” Flaire shot back, rolling her eyes. 
“What about you? You can only smell food.” The boy growled. 
Claw interfere before the two brawl. “Now, now… enough of you, both.” It was not new to him. These two messed up with each other at all time. He turned to face the group, “You’ll leave as early as possible.”
“Before the sun rise up in the morrow,” Sofia suggests. Everyone nod as a sign of accordance. Raven draw near Sofia’s side, away from Flaire who was glaring ferociously on him. He stuck his tongue out and hid behind Sofia. 
Clasping his hands over his fat belly, the Old One said, “As what had everybody agreed upon… Sofia, Chase, Tristan, Iris and little Raven, you will be setting out before the sun rises tomorrow. I warned you, the path you’ll be trailing wasn’t friendly. Skull might have known about Sofia… Chase, I entrust you her safe return. Bring the book here and your journey was over. Have a good rest, everyone. My humble place was big enough for all of us in here.” Claw vanished in the thin air after he had spoken his last words with a comforting smile.
“Oh dear,” Flaire touched her forehead. “I hate that Old Wizard.” Sofia patted her shoulders while Raven continued to annoy her. The concept of her being left behind make her so upset. Chase would be away from her sight again. It bring anxiety on her part, especially that Iris, her mortal rival was with him. Though their rivalry was just between Chase and nothing else, apart from that they were friends. 
An idea flashed her mind. Since it can never be altered, she wants to stay with him just this time. She captured the attention of everyone and said, “Given that… it was the first time that the group had been united and we have a new companion we us. I think, we should celebrate tonight! Besides, you will be leaving tomorrow,” Flaire intoned with a jarring voice by the last words she had said. Everyone lay silent. Flaire batted her thick lashes and turned to Sofia for back up. 
Sofia set a hesitant smile, scratching the back of her head. “U-Ugh… I guess, t-that would be…fun?”
“Why not?” Tristan seconded. “I want to know more about our new friend.” He smiled at Sofia who suddenly blushed but manage to smile. Chase sneered in silence. His friend had found a new catch which in some way bothers him with no apparent reason. Victoria saw a glint of sarcasm in his brother’s eyes that put a playful smile on her lips.
“All right then,” Flaire remarked with a wide grin. “To Pendragon!” She turned to Raven and said, “And for you, over-sized puppy… you should stay here. Grow up fast so you can come with us. Better looked after my dearest Victoria,” Flaire laughed out loud. She had won in the end. The young boy made a face, crossing his arms over his chest.


***


Pendragon was filled with much merriment. The town shone brightly even at night. Dazzling paper lanterns with distinct, bright colors hanged brilliantly along the arcade. The place was stunning with people chattering indistinctly as they passed by them. They wore fascinating apparels, filled with beads and colorful sequins. Nearly everyone have human-like physique, others looked fairly strange with their dwarf-like ears. Sofia felt the liking of her new found world. However, she still finds herself awkward with her school uniform. 
At the distant, people were clamoring to each other, forming a blaring crowd. She heard Flaire said something about Pygmies. Curios of her curiosity, Sofia went to the crowd, leaving the group behind without a notice. Little people were performing tricks and magic that brought people into laughter with their silly faces and stuffs. Whenever they do a trick it always end up a failure. Sofia chuckled by the way the Pygmies dance and sway their undersized arms. She turned around and noticed that the familiar faces that was with her before were gone with no trace. Sofia frowned with extreme discomfort on her face. Now she was lost in the middle of somewhere. She pulled herself out of the crowd, seeking for her lost companions or… is she the lost one?
Climbing up on every post, looking in all directions and calling out for some certain names were the things Sofia did for about few minutes that had passed but still, she could not find them. She walked and walked until she bumped on someone. Lifting her head, she saw a tall, skinny man. Sofia was taken aback by the man’s appearance. His eyes were sunken and threatening, with pale skin that need tons of blood. He was piping smoke out of his large nostrils. 
The man glared down at her, making her shiver to the bone. Luckily, someone grabbed her wrist and pulled her away. “Your stupidity can get you nowhere,” Chase snarled at her. They begin to vanished and appeared in front of a significant earthen structure. Paper lanterns were hanging before its wide door. He went in. Sofia followed after, keeping her lips shut. It was her fault and arguing would just probably make him hate her more. 
It was crowded and noisy inside. People were drinking, having meals and most were just chattering over each rounded tables. Chamber music with its lively tune were played at the small podium on the forefront. Tables were roughly occupied. Some men just prefer to stand as they mumble to each other, gulping root drinks, staring at every person within the hall. 
Flaire saw them and called out for her, “Sofia!” The young woman waved its hands above her head. She smiled and went near them. Chase sat on the corner, beside him was Iris who was gazing at the young man with a smile. Sofia watched them in silence and sat beside Flaire. Tristan was facing her and suddenly smile. She smile back.
“Where have you been?” Flaire interviewed. “We just noticed that you were gone the moment we arrived here.” She sipped down her drink and gulp. 
“U-Ugh.” Sofia stammered. “I watched the Pygmies.”
Flaire nodded. “Oh. Those small, merry creatures,” the young woman uttered, ordering drinks for the new comers. Drinks in huge carafes were served after moments of waiting. Chase motioned that he was not drinking since he was not fond of merriment. Sofia did the same but Flaire insists her.
“Yours was made of honey,” Flaire explained. “Just taste it.”
Sofia let out a sigh of defeat. She took a sip and finally said, “You’re right.” The drink was sweet and quite bitter to her taste. 
Flaire smiled, made a toast with her and said, “Blood of some sort of frog and lizard was added to that, by the way.”
Sofia halted and almost throw up yet she had been able to conceal it, gulping the juice under protest. She does not want to embarrass Flaire about the drink. Flaire laughed in hysteria seeing her pale skin.
“Don’t mind her,” Tristan said and smiled. “It was all lies.” Sofia draw a breath of relief and shook her head. Her color changed back to normal. Laughter and commotion followed. Flaire do all the talking while the rest just listened upon her endless rumors and gossips. The noise were deafening that Sofia can barely hear her. All that she does was nod, smile and sip her drink for she cannot comprehend the things that the young woman was saying. She was not that familiar of her new surroundings. 
Chase was silently smirking at the corner. It was obvious that Sofia does the same thing over and over again but Flaire seemed not to notice it. What matters to her was someone was listening yet gaining nothing. Tristan shook his head, smiling at him. His friend might know what he was thinking. Iris caught them and smile. 
“Flaire must be drunk, don’t you think?” Iris whispered to him. Sofia glanced but turned back to Flaire, sipping her drink in an unusual way. Chase concealed his smile. 
He whispered back to Iris, “She’s just the same. Drunk or not.”
Iris burst into silent laughter. Sofia arced a brow, wondering what the two was whispering about. Tristan on the other corner was just silently observing them. Sofia glanced at him and smile. He was amused by the way she smile, making him stare at the young maiden. 
They were suddenly astounded when Flaire exclaimed and laughed. Not by her stories but because some drunk men danced at the center stage, skipping to the music that echoed the earthen space. Others joined them, filling the empty center floor. People began to clap their hands and sway their arms. Flaire joined them without a word. Sofia knitted her brow and chuckled. Flaire went back in a flash and dragged Iris, Tristan came next. Flaire motioned her to join but she acted like she had a headache. She turned against them, sipping her drink. Sofia paused, only she and Chase was left. The silence between them make her feel odd and edgy at the same time. She was facing a man of many-sided attitude and she cannot think of a good talking point. All she could do was sighed, sip her drink and sighed again. 
Chase run a hand over his flowing hair. The ruby ring on his forefinger glistened by the lantern light. He abruptly halted as if being struck by something when the dangling emerald gem glimmered on his left ear. He turned to her and set an ironic smile. “They’re in search of you, I guess.”
“Hmm?” Sofia frowned. “Who?”
He never answer her. He was back on his endless silence, turning his look away. Chase knew that she would never understand even if he tells her. She will met them anyway. Sofia lowered her eyes, thinking who were possibly searching for her. This man always left her in a puzzled state.
The music changes into a soft, blue symphony. The three went back to their seats with them, confused by their silence. Iris tilted her head on Chase, waiting for him to ask her for a dance but she get nothing. She let out sigh, finally knowing that her expectations had failed her. Iris leaned over his shoulder instead. Chase felt slightly uncomfortable but remained silent. Sofia cannot help to glance and looked away after. She turned beside her and saw the bothered look on Flaire’s face. 
“This is not part of the plan,” the young woman murmured to Sofia secretly. Flaire knew that she was no match for Iris. He met that girl first before her. On top of that, Iris was Chases’ childhood sweetheart. But since, he have not given Iris his heart or promise anything yet, hope still shines. 
Sofia was sipping her drink when Tristan went near her, asking for a dance. The young maiden lay astounded. Flaire poked her on her side and said, “Go on.” Sofia scratched her forehead bashfully and took his hand. The man on the corner, turned his look away from the two. Somehow, he felt uneasiness inside of him. 
The night lay still and the time seemed to fly in slow paces. Five stars twinkled brightly on the night sky. Their lights were tangled against each other in a playful twist of fate. However, two of them radiantly shines among the others. They were far across from each yet their lights met and shines through the lost travelers in a distant desert of bewilderment. 

CHAPTER VII:   JOURNEY TO THE FALL

As what they have agreed upon, the group packed up their belongings early before the sun rises up the next morning. They saddled their horses and started out for the journey. They were halfway the thicket as the sun dries up the land with its glorious rays. Sunlight passed through the leaves of the trees as they traversed the path to the Dark Fall Mountain which divides the Kingdom of Lynabria and Hesperia itself. Sparrow hawks were soaring above them, hunting down their preys with its keen eyes. A moment later, they were out of the thicket. 
Cold breeze welcomed them as they travel swiftly through the grassland where wild deers grazed upon the green pasture. Some antelopes galloped back to the thicket upon seeing them. Rabbits on the meadows halted, alarmed by their presence. Sofia smiled at the scenery. Her sleepy eyes wandered through the marvelous beauty of nature. She was wearing a black hooded-cloak like the rest. Her hair were braided in two that flows freely on her shoulders. Flaire let her borrow some dresses and boots as well. The dress was awkward to her look due to its lengthy style and sparkling beads. Wide neckline reveals her shoulders and sleeves that was long enough to cover her slender arms. It was not her style but it fitted her. Better awkward and out of her personal style than nothing. 
 Iris was traveling alone on a horse and Tristan was on the other, just beside her. Unfortunately, Sofia grew up in a city and know nothing about horse-riding so she was oblige to travel with Chase. She was sitting on front and was sleepy at same time. It was not her choice whom she would travel with. It was Old Claw that made her journey with an arrogant creature on her back. In the end, it does not bother her anymore. She had, in one way or another decided to let go of what she felt for this young man. It would not bring any good to her at all if she keeps on acting like a stupid fellow on his presence. Love might be an outrageous thing for her. 
Raven suddenly growled on her, putting her back to senses. He was on his wolf form that is why he cannot talk and do nothing but just growled at her. The child must be saying, “Wake up if you do not want to kiss the ground.” Sofia was certain that Chase would not catch her anyway. She turned around to see if the cob carrying their baggage were still on their trail. Luckily it was. Tristan would not allow them to run away otherwise, he was the one to blame. She turned to her right and saw the young man looking at her with concern. He might be pitied on her by the distressed look on her face. She draw a faint smile and turned away. The song of the lark made her lids heavy until she can resist it no more. 


***


Chase wonder what keeps the brat from talking. It had been awhile since he saw Sofia moved her head. Her shoulders had turned slump and almost fall down, fortunately he noticed it and took a grip of her. He never bothered to wake her up. They still have a long way to go and she might be sleepy. Considering her condition, he made her leaned on him as they continued on their way. Iris on the other hand, felt uncomfortable to a certain extent, seeing the way Chase had treated Sofia. She bit her lips. The thought of having a new rival provoked her in some way. She was happy that Flaire was not with them but the happiness she felt just faded away. She sighed deeply and glanced at Sofia who was sleeping in silence. The hood partially covered its flaccid face.
They soon came to a halt by a narrow river, flowing down the Valley where they came from. The water seemed refreshing and their horses needs to rest after their long ride. Sofia opened her eyes and gazed over her surroundings. The scene was unfamiliar to her. She might have fallen into deep sleep that she did not notice that they were now far away from the Hidden Valley. Someone cleared its throat near her ears, putting Sofia back into her knowledge. They were close enough that she could hear his breathing. She could even smell his scent, an aromatic rosette essence that fills her nostrils. Rosette? That smell. It was familiar. Sofia frowned and looked over her shoulders. His turquoise-blue eyes were glaring down on hers. Panic can be drawn from her face. It was Chase of course. He was just a few inch away from her. Sofia had never been this close to a man before, especially to someone as fetching as him. She straightened up, pulling herself away from him. Far enough that she had almost fell. Chase took hold of her wrist before she tumbled down. Sofia turned red in shame. She promised herself that she would not act stupid in front of him. Not anymore, but what was she doing now? Her sleepy eyes were now as wide as an owl. 
Chase shook his head and smirked. Was he that compelling enough that this girl had almost tripped down upon seeing him? Or had he been that awful to her that made her alarmed of his presence? Either that way or the other, he does not care. Iris throw an irksome look over Sofia as she guide the horses down into the stream. She watched as Chase dismounted from the horse, leaving Sofia behind. An insolent smile peered on her face. Maybe she was just suspecting. Chase would never took interest on girls with such character. 
Sofia saw Iris staring at her. She let out a smile and the young woman faintly smiled back, turning its look away. Getting down was her snag now. She was afraid that the horse would run wild as she unmounts from it. Tristan came and offered her a hand, seeing her difficulty. Sofia smiled but refused his help as she dismounted herself. She tripped and fell down to the ground. Chase glanced back, unwinding the strips of cloth around his palm. 
“Are you alright?” Tristan asked as he helped Sofia stand. 
Sofia nod and thanked him. The dress does not seem so comfortable. She gathered her skirt, finds a boulder and sat upon it. The wind blew her hood away, revealing her pretty, innocent face. The sound of the gently sloping water, rustling of dried leaves and the twittering of the wild birds create a wonderful symphony on her ears. Sofia stared aimlessly in silence. She remembered her dreams as it was, to some extent troubles her. Tristan went to her side, glancing at her troubled eyes. He was wondering what kind of thought she was pondering about.
Iris draw the horses back, tying the ropes around the strong limb of a tree. The young woman draw out a flagon from one of the horse’s back and went to the stream to fetch some water for a drink. She went near Chase and offered him a drink. 
“Want some?” Iris asked, handling down the flagon. 
Chase lifted his head but turned away. He was not thirsty after all. Iris smirked and sat beside him. “I guess that’s a no,” she whispered. He lowered his gaze and went back to his course. He rolled back the strips of fabric into his hand. 
“Where’s Raven?” Sofia suddenly asked. 
“He might be chasing wild pigeons now,” Tristan replied with a smile. 
“Pigeons?” she further inquired, turning to the man beside her.
“For our meal, perhaps,” the young man explained. “That is what his master instruct him anyway.”
An old woman appeared unnoticed, few paces behind them. Chase felt something as the gem on his ear spark. Iris turned to him, alarmed. “Something was here,” he whispered, standing back to his feet.
“Something?” Iris frowned, turning her back. She saw a figure of an elderly woman with a wooden crane. She was limping and her clothes were tattered. Helpless as she may seemed. Her hair was silvery white of old age with pale face full of lines and wrinkled. Sofia noticed her and bowed her head slightly as a sign of respect. Tristan was taken aback by the sudden appearance of the old lady.
“Can I have a drink, my child?” The old woman uttered with a trembling voice. Sofia hurriedly went to fetch water from the stream with the flagon from the nearest cob. She was about to handed down the flagon to the old woman when Chase appeared before her and shove the stranger down to the ground in a harsh manner. Everyone was surprised by what he did. 
Sofia was suddenly infuriated. “What are you doing?! She was just an old woman!”
For an old woman as her to wander alone in this forest? Tricky. Chased unsheathed his sword, aiming the blade down to the old woman’s throat. “Get back,” he whispered over his shoulders. “You don’t know what you’re dealing with.” His voice was low and threatening. Sofia flinched back. Tristan finally sensed the trouble and draw his sword out. 
The old woman smirked and laughed with a shrill voice. “So, you might be a powerful warlock to sense me after all…” Lifting its head, Sofia could see the glaring, red eyes of the creature. It was furious and wicked. It begins to transmogrify itself. Out of its body came piercing legs, one after another, forming a shape of a spider with a head of a human.  Its body was hairy and totally gross with its rotten flesh. Hourglass-shaped, red marking can be seen on its huge abdomen. On its fangs, dripped out a greenish, sticky substance. A huge black widow spider with a twist?
“It was poisonous,” Tristan warned Sofia. “It could kill you in no time.”
Sofia gulped in terror. She know nothing of swordsmanship. What have gone of her now? Maybe she would have just run, duck, and roll? But that was a fire precaution and it was a spider! Looks can be deceiving somehow. She never thought that old woman was a horrible monster. 
It suddenly spit web out of its mouth. “Try avoiding it,” Chase warned, blocking each silky, white thread with his deterring spell. Iris followed him, chanting. Tristan jumped to slit one of its legs and rolled down in victory. The creature screeched in pain by the loss of her limb. 
“Give me the Hunter and I will leave in peace,” the creature bargained, sipping her venom back. Trying to trick them of her dark scheme.
Tristan scoffed. “Leave? After you killed us, maybe.”
The monster let out a hysterical laughter. “How bright you are, my dear.” It released more thread and spit it towards them. “You think I will forgive you after you have cut off my limb?!” Sofia who was behind them was caught on her feet. The thread draw back, tugging Sofia behind. Tristan tried to slash off the mesh but it was malleable and resilient. Chase rolled over and cut the thread with his sword before the creature had a chance to pull Sofia into its wide-open mouth. 
The creature growled in dismay. No blade sharp enough could cut her thread easily. She glanced over the sword and was agitated upon seeing the crest that was engraved over its blade. The Archmage’s Sword, it is! “I’ve never seen such blade before,” the seven-legged monster said, since one had been cut off. 
Iris utters a spell. Enormous vines emerges from the ground, binding each limb of the creature. It twisted tightly enough to make the freak uttered a shrilled noise. The vines pulled, twisted, and crushed harder on the creature’s flesh, making it sank to the ground. Chase draw near the monster, putting his sword away. 
“Who sent you?” He asked. 
The monster chuckled wickedly. “No one sent me. But they’re coming for her,” came the reply, pointing at Sofia who was terrified by the sudden occurrence. Laughing wickedly, the creature added, “Tempting reward was on her head.”
Chase narrowed his eyes. It was now the start of their abysmal quest. He raised his hand towards the creature. It suddenly shivered, gasping for air. Vital sparks of glowing red coming from the creature began to flow through his hand. He could feel his strength had been revived. The creature began to shatter into pieces of rose petals before turning into tiny specks of ash. 
Raven suddenly, dashed out of nowhere. He seemed to have a good catch by the way he sprint towards them. Huge pigeons were on his both shoulders. He halted seeing their horrid faces. “What have I missed?” No one seemed to hear him. Sofia turned to the boy and forcibly smile.
“Nothing particular,” she said. It was hard to explain and Raven might not believe her until he heard it from his own master which is impossible. 
The child made a face, shrugging his shoulders. He gathered twigs and prepared their meal. They continued on their way after taking minutes of rest. Sofia laid in great silence as the others. Only the sound of hoof-beats can be heard. They avoided the forest and took the ominous cliff instead. Above, the wind was cold and moist. Sofia looked down the thick forest that extends from east to west. The scenery brought sudden chill to her spine. She wonder, what else would be awaiting them? What kind of monstrous creatures would turned up and prey on them? Would they still survive? The thought made her uneasy. The Dark was on her trail now. If she run away they would still be on her trail. Only two options were left for her now: to die now or die later. She would rather choose the latter of course. Sofia suddenly sneezed. She straightened up and pulled her cloak tighter. 

CHAPTER VIII:   LOVE’S JEALOUSY

“Down!” Tristan instructed, tapping her shoulder with a twig. Sofia lowered her knees with a dagger on her hand, thrusting towards an unseen enemy. She was not on a battlefield or mixed up with a fight. She was on a training actually. In times like this, she should have known how to defend herself without depending on anyone. Though she knew that she might have looked awful, she does not care. It was her life at stake. She should be thankful that Tristan agreed in teaching her when she asked for his help. 
“Very well,” Tristan announced. “That’s all for now. Good to go, Sofia.”
Raven clapped his hands. “Good job, Fie!” Sofia rolled her eyes and smiled. She knew she was still bad. Practice makes perfect anyway. It was just funny how Raven praised her. Tristan offered her a drink. Sofia smiled and gladly reach for the flagon. 
Chase was just observing them in silence. Iris was on his side, smirking upon Sofia. The young woman caught his gaze and smile. He set a cynical smile and turned his look away. Her habit of smiling somewhat irritates him. Iris noticed it and suddenly gazed on Sofia. Something was bothering her, but she choose not to lay interest over small matters, especially if it was just a doubt. 
They had been traveling quite far but the path they were on seemed to be darker and darker as they draw closer to their journey’s end. Sofia had come across horrendous things she was not aware of existing, a living nightmare, perhaps. Creatures like goblins, trolls, dreadful witches, a half-bird man and an old hag that turns into a terrifying, venomous spider which was her first horrible encounter. The worst part is they were after her head. Battling against each other for a good bounty which was beyond her knowledge. Having the blood of the Hunter was a life-threatening Gift. Setting aside the visions and nightmares that kept flashing on her mind. Same vague dreams — the plague, the skull-shaped omen, the men dressed in white and the vision of herself. These things came in and out of Sofia’s thought. She began to wonder the things she might be doing at that time, back in the human world. Well, studying her lessons maybe or at the cake shop, talking with Ms. Clavelle. Sofia was a consistent honor student with good remarks. Not a minute she think that she will end up in a world like this — a world which only exists in a human’s imagination. 
The night came. Night birds begin to sing their nocturnal symphony. The wise owl cooed in the massive limb of a tree. The cry of the wolves echoed at the nearby slope. They found a ruins with huge boulders, suitable to spend the night. A kindle bonfire brighten their surroundings as they watched the flame danced with the cold, night breeze. 
Sofia stared aimlessly as the fire flickered. Iris went to sit by her side. She noticed her presence and smile, clasping her fingers over her shins. The men was sitting opposite them, talking about something only they could understand. Chase was leaning on the bole of the deep-rooted tree. He seemed to be sleeping while Raven and Tristan was chattering with each other. 
Iris gathered the specks of dirt between them, raising it to the point where she could stare upon it then letting it slipped back to the earth again. “Do you have a family back in the human world?” the young lady asked her.
She laid in silence for a while and finally replied, “Hmm… We are not blood related but I called them a family. They have been kind to me all along.” Sofia turned to Iris and smiled.
Iris nodded and smiled back. “Do you missed them?” The young woman suddenly chuckled. “What a foolish question I am asking, of course you do.” Sofia chuckled but never say a thing. There came the silence and Iris asked once more, “Do you have a plan of going back?”
Sofia smiled. “I do as well, but not until I found the book.” She paused and continued, “This world is beautiful and I do not have the heart to let it be in shreds.”
The girl on her side laid in silence. Strands of hair fell on its face. “We grew up together,” Iris said, stroking back the strands behind her ear. Sofia raised a brow. Iris noticed it and said, “I mean Chase.”
 Sofia nodded, turning her look away. That name seemed to bring an edgy feeling on her but she still managed to smile. Iris continued, “I like him actually. He’s been kind to me.” Sofia have no idea why Iris was saying those to her but she listened anyway. The young woman turned to her with a stern look on its eyes. “I just want to know if you feel the same thing on him. Do you?” 
This lady had been too straightforward, Sofia thought. Why would Iris ask her those? The matter had surprised her that she cannot think of a better answer. Though the option was just a simple yes or no, it was still hard to decide. “N-No,” she suddenly intoned. 
Iris seemed to be delighted. “Very well then. It was nice hearing those from you. You know what to do, right?” The young woman remarked, standing back to her feet and went back to the place where she was sitting before.  
Sofia breathe deeply, frowned. What does she need to do? Yes, distanced. What else? It just like saying, “Keep away from him!” Sofia set a wry smile. Looking at the specks of dust beneath her feet, she let out another sigh. Did she answered it right in some way? She had a doubt. Iris might have like Chase so much, she thought. That guy was lucky to be loved by so many. 
Meanwhile, men on the other corner starts to be silence as if they were discussing a weighty matter. Sofia took a glanced on them and turned away after a sec or two.  She bit her lip and leaned her back on the boulder, staring back on the burning pieces of woods. 
“What do you think of Fie?” Raven asked Tristan. The matter captured the attention of the man behind them. Chase listened at the two in silence, without knowing why such thing interests him.
Tristan stared at the young boy and said, “I think she was nice.” A teasing laughter followed. 
Raven puckered his brow. “That’s all?”
“What do you know of such things?” Tristan inquired fretfully, glancing over Sofia. “You were just a kid. You should be asking what game you should play instead.”
“Just answer it, okay?” Raven insisted, listening attentively. Waiting. 
Tristan patted his forehead, feeling a little awkward. He knew he had met many beautiful, young ladies before but when it comes to that girl, he cannot think of anything. He took a deep breath and said, “I don’t think I should be telling you this but… she’s different.” Chase glanced over the topic of the matter, Sofia. That girl was indeed different, in a way he himself could not tell. 
“And?” Raven raised a brow.
“I like her,” Tristan said, smiling to himself. Raven chuckled in victory. Chase on the other hand, draw a wry smile on his face in silence and cleared his throat. He was glad for his friend but not for himself. Raven turned to his young master and laughed childishly. The boy suddenly paused. His master was different in a way or two. He was not sure if he saw a flash of jealousy on its eyes. Raven forcibly laughed, concealing what he had saw. 


***


Sofia could not sleep that night. Matters would probably make her ridiculous in no time if she kept on thinking of them. She got up and pulled some arrows from their weaponry and grab the bow on the side. Archery must have a nice stuff to try since swordsmanship is quite tricky to her. Sofia went on the glade nearby. It was a good place to start. She seeks for a good target and she found one — a wide limb of a nearby oak tree. 
Sofia went near the tree and offered her respect. She positioned herself and began to aim upon her target. Straightening her arms, she pulled the string and let go. The arrow flew but it just hit the ground not the limb. Sofia let out a sigh, archery is not that easy after all. She went to pull the arrow. It hit the visible roots of the tree. She felt pity over the oak. “That might be hurt,” she whispered as she carefully pulled out the arrow. She went on a few times but it just keeps on hitting the same spot. Sofia began to be disappointed over herself. It was seemed so simple yet she cannot do it the right way. She took a deep breath and spun her head slowly. “For the last time…” she whispered and pulled the string harder. She shot the arrow and bingo! It went out of nowhere. I was hopeless, she thought and shook her head in despair.
An arrow was shot from somewhere. It hits the limb of the tree, right on its very core. The arrow was glowing, bright red in color. Speckles of sparkling carmine dust was surrounding it. Then it turned to ashes and vanished in the thin air, an illusion. “You’re doing it the wrong way,” a subtle voice from behind spoke. Sofia turned around but saw no one. She was then hit by a small bark of a tree on her head. Lifting her eyes, she saw a handsome familiar face, staring down on her. It was Chase. Sofia was surprised to see him sitting over a broad bough of a sassafras tree. How long had he been sitting there? Sofia suddenly felt a little streak of shame. 
“How long have you been there?” Sofia inquired.
“Long enough to see how crude you are,” came the icy reply. Chase jumped down on a bended knee, soundless like the wind. Mirage of sparkling bow appeared on his hand. He pulled the string and an arrow appeared, then he gently released it. It hit the same spot where the vanished arrow struck. For a prodigy of warfare, what else to presume? The young man turned to Sofia who was stunned by his Gift. The bow turned into carmine dusts and vanished.
“Your turn,” Chase said with a scornful look. He had always this feeling of superiority over her. Sofia made a face and draw out another arrow from the quiver on her back. She stretched her arm forward while the other pulled the string with an arrow ready to soar. She held the bow tightly as she aimed for the goal. Her hands were trembling, tensed. She knew he was staring at her. 
“Loosen your grip. You’re shaking,” he said as he draw closer to Sofia whose face were turning red. Her heart beats faster than usual. She could feel the sweat running down the corner of her face. Sofia begin to follow what he had instruct her to do, loosening her grip on the bow. 
He touched her shoulders lightly. “Lower.” Sofia try to concentrate but she cannot. Not if this nerve-wracking, eye-catching creature was around. Chase distanced. He could feel that she was nervous when he was around. “Focus.” She heard him spoke with a different tone. 
“I’m trying, okay!” she unpredictably shot back, aiming towards the target.
Sofia heard him smirked. “Loosen up. You seemed like a hopeless plank,” he mocked, crossing his arms over his chest. He was awfully rude, indeed. Sofia gritted her teeth, murmuring to herself. This guy is making fun of her. She draw all her attention on the tree, holding the arrow level for a breath. She glanced back at him before releasing it. A moment later there was a satisfying thwack as the arrowhead sunk into the limb of the tree. Partly close to where his vanished arrow hits. 
Sofia laughed with glee. She turned to Chase and made a face. “See that?” Sofia said, raising a brow. She went to pull the arrow out, measuring the distance of their turns. Hers was just an inch away from the center where his had landed. 
Chase scoffed. “A lucky turn after all,” he said. “You should be thankful that tree was not moving.”
Sofia throw him a threatening look, aiming for another shot. It went straight to its center. The young lady hopped with joy. Chase was somewhat overwhelmed. Sofia was just a beginner yet she could fire a bow right into its target. He let out a discreet smile and turned to leave.
“You’re leaving?” Sofia noticed him and halted.
“What do you think?” he said without turning his back. Sofia laid in silence as she watched him leave. She want to ask where he was going at this point of hour, but it just stayed on her thoughts. She knew it might pissed him out. Besides, that man wants to be alone all the time. Chase suddenly paused and said, “I appreciate if you come.”
Sofia was surprised by his suggestion that made her stiffed for a sec. She put the arrow back on the quiver and followed him. A feeling of excitement swarmed over her. It was Chase who asked her to come, was not that funny? 

CHAPTER IX:   LOST SPLENDOR

They were few meters away from the clearing and everything was pitch black. Chase led the way as Sofia followed after in haste. The path grow darker that Sofia was left behind his trail. She could still hear his footsteps but she was not sure where it came from. Suddenly, a hand held hers and lead her the way. A fire was lighted. She could now perceived her surroundings. Sofia let out a sigh of relief, seeing that it was his hand after all. 
“We won’t make it if we continue like this,” he said. Closing his eyes, he touched his forehead. The gem on his forefinger glimmered. He pulled her close to him. Speckles of carmine dusts appeared and they began to vanish. Sofia closed her eyes and hold on to him tightly. The moment she opened her eyes, they were in front of an old dilapidated castle. The gates were left in ruined. Wild vines were hanging from its bricked wall. A glint of sadness alit from the deepest corners of her heart. 
They went inside in silence. Sofia felt the warmth in her soul. It lingered upon her in a way she could not understand. Chase snapped his fingers and the dazzling chandeliers that hanged above the ceiling lit up. Sofia was mesmerized by the beauty the castle possessed. It was a splendid work of art even if dirt and spider’s web filled its corners and ceilings. On the center of the hall were thrones of two, placed over a marble podium. It was left the way it was. The stairs were formed with exquisite curvature leading to the chambers upstairs. They passed the ample corridor that leads to a spacious balcony. Significant portraits were hanging upon its wall. Family portraits might be. Sofia paused for a moment, staring at each paintings. A man who was nearly at the age of thirties, wearing dazzling apparels could be pictured on it. He wore a crown and a scepter on his hand, sitting on the throne. He might be the king, Sofia thought. Something caught her eyes. A sword was on his waist, a familiar one though she cannot recall where she had seen it. She moved to the next image, a beautiful woman. She was wearing a crown and a beautiful dress fitted her gracefulness. A child was on her arms, sleeping in silence. It brings joy to her heart, a motherly love.
Sofia went to follow Chase in the balcony. There were still portraits but she never bother on looking over them. She peered from the door and found the person she was looking for. Chase was sitting upon the balustrade ledge. He was in deep thought of something. She saw a flashed of sadness on his eyes but it disappeared when he saw her presence. She smiled and draw near the railings. Overlooking the balcony was a wide, marvelous garden. Hedges were arranged artistically on it. A huge fountain was in the heart of it leading to a beautiful gazebo. The garden was wonderful. It seems that someone was preserving its beauty. 
“You came in time,” Chase announced, breaking the silence between them. 
Sofia frowned. Streaks of light suddenly flashed in the sky, it was the moon. Its brightness gradually spread throughout the vast land before them, producing colorful streamers of light on the distant sky. It rises bit by bit until it finally sets above them. A flower with its deep lavender shade began to open as the moonlight touches each vibrant buds. Sparkles of purplish particles was being carried away by the soft wind. Her eyes were filled with awe. 
“Queen of the Night.” She heard him whispered. It was so beautiful. Sweet fragrance filled the air. Sofia sniffed the scent that tickles her nostrils. A playful smile drawn out of her lips.
“Its name was wonderful…” she said, leaning forward with arms resting over the railings. “…so as the flower itself,” Sofia finished with a smile.
“It only blooms at night,” Chase uttered and smile. Sofia turned to him and halted. Does she saw him smile? It was like a rainbow after the rain. A bright one. His face seemed to radiance. That smile adds to his charm. 
“If only…” Sofia whispered. “If only you smile just like that always.” 
Chase turned to her and smiled coyly. “You know nothing of me so pretend you don’t see anything.” He tried to regain his old self but his heart was seemed tired of pretending. Something inside him was seemed to be stealing his life away.  
She smirked. “My eyes told me not to.” She draw near him. “Would you like to talk about something?” Sofia looked up into his conversing eyes. To her surprise, she saw a helpless rabbit out of a mighty lion’s gaze. It bothered her. The pain on it were impossible to heal. Is this part of a Hunter’s Gift? Seeing the heart and soul of someone right through its eyes? A vision appeared on her thought. A woman with a child on her arms and a little boy, clinging to her waist were running away from something. Everything was covered with snow and they were frightened. She could see in their eyes that they were afraid. The coldness of the breeze made the woman shivered with cold but she keeps the child warm on her arms, hugging the infant tightly into her chest. Hooded men on horseback came. Their swords were gleaming on their hands. Some were dripping with fresh blood. The woman were trapped and there was no way to run. She handed the infant to the young boy who was starting to weep. The woman draw the sword on her waist, protecting the children with bravery. A tall, hooded-man dismounted the horse. The woman thrust the sword directly towards the man, right into his heart and flinched with fear. The man suddenly draw the sword out as if it was just nothing. He was not hurt at all. Throwing the sword away, he grabbed the woman’s neck in a swift motion. There was a mark on his hand shaped like skull. The man asked something on the young boy. Sofia listened but she cannot hear of anything. The boy shook his head in replied. The man tightened his grip making the woman gasp for air. The young boy pleaded for her life but it was too late. The men left the woman battling between life and death. Reaching for the boy’s hand, the woman straighten her arm and the boy do the same. Before their hands met, the woman begin turning to ashes. A gentle smile filled with love can be seen on her lips before she shattered into specks of dust that was carried away by the strong gust of wind. The boy cried in agony. With tears on his eyes, he feebly reached for the sword on his side. Distinct markings was engrave on the steel’s blade. Sofia had seen it before, she was sure of it. She walked towards the little boy. Pity. That is what she felt over the boy and to the infant on his arms. Sofia reached down to caress his bruised face. She was startled seeing the look on its eyes. The way he stare at her. It was like…. Her vision fades.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Chase asked, holding her hands that had almost touch the corners of his face. Sofia pulled her hands away, gasping for air. She turned her back on him. Her face went red all over. Cold sweat runs down her wrinkly forehead. What the heck is she doing? Why was she…? She suddenly came to a halt. Could it be that child? Could it be Chase? Had she been to his past? The sword! She glanced on his side. There was no mistake. It was the same like the one on her vision. 
“Have you lost your mind?” She heard him asked.
Sofia rubbed her nose and tried to regain her self. Turning around, she smiled and said, “U-Ugh… I-I…” She hesitated but said it anyway. “I-I’ve seen your past,” Sofia stammered and lowered her gazed. 
Chase suddenly turned pale. He looked alarmed and swiftly stand back to his feet. He draw near Sofia and pinned her into the wall. Sofia slightly trembled with fear. She tried to push him away but her hands were clutched on her back with his grip. Chase shove his arm over her throat. “What did you saw?” he whispered on her ears. His voice were low and somewhat trembling.
Sofia gulped. Her heart was throbbing wildly inside her chest. Why did he respond that way? Did she said something terrible enough for him to be angry? She might have stepped over a landmine, perhaps. She kept her silence. Chase lifted his head. He was awfully close to her that his lips almost touches hers. Sofia could see the frantic looked on his eyes as it met hers. Strands of flaxen hair were flowing over his handsome face, covering partial of his furious eyes. 
“Tell me!” he uttered in a more unsympathetic manner, tightening his grip on her hands. 
Sofia distanced a bit and said, “Y-You were with your mother….” She paused and continued, “You were running away with your sister who was, at that time was just a little child… There were men, hooded men on horseback. Your mother protected you from them. T-Then, a tall man dismounted the horse. He was the one w-who — …”
“Enough!” Chase yelled out striking the wall with his fist, inch away from her very face.  Something dripped on her shoulders. His hands were bleeding. Her eyes widened with uneasiness. His face began to drift down. Chase loosen his gripped on her until she can finally move her hands freely. Sofia does not know what to do, either pushed him away or pulled him to her for comfort. She was left undecided and does not move at all. 
Chase draw away from her. He glide beside Sofia with his back leaning into the bricked wall. His knees had begun to lose its stiffness, letting himself slipped and sank into the floor. Sofia sat on his side after a moment. She let out a breath of discomfort as she saw the dripping blood from the open wound on his hand that resting over his bended knee. They laid in silence with each passing moment. Sofia untied the ribbon that was binding one of the braided side of her chestnut-colored hair. She reached for his wounded hand but he pulled it away harshly. She insisted and grabbed his wrist tightly.
“Stop being stubborn, will you?!” Sofia reproached fretfully, dressing his wound. This guy was such an arrogant, stubborn person, she thought. She wonder if Victoria have acquired such attitude. Hope not. One thing Sofia had noticed was his hands were soft and pretty. It would not be noticed that he was a living prodigy of warfare, one that could easily take away your life in just a matter of sec.
 Chase began to speak, “She was a brave woman, my mother.” He took a deep breath and added, “It was a foolish thing to refute your own mother in front of her but it was a shame that I did such stupid thing.”
Sofia halted. So, that was what the man asked on him on her vision. “If keeping the life of your loved ones was a stupid thing then I will agree with you. That’s what she instructed you to say, right? You see… she did that to keep you and Victoria alive.” She put back his hand to its resting place after she had bandaged the wound. She tuned to Chase with a smile. Sofia lowered her gaze upon seeing the tears that runs down his face. Seeing him cry does not change the way she thought of him. He was still cool and handsome in spite of those tears. After all, it was not wrong for a man to cry. Real man could cry for a second then picked up his sword and fights again. It must have hurt to lose someone you love just to let you live. She never met her parents but she still thanked them for risking their lives for her. Sofia glanced at the young man beside her. If only she could ease his pain. She clutched his fingers on her palm. She knew she was not that one. 
“Do you know it was a foolish thing to hurt yourself?” Sofia witted, pretending not to see his grief. Changing the atmosphere was the best way she thought of. “You should have hit me instead.” Sofia waited for an arrogant answer but she got nothing. She shrugged her shoulders, trying to uplift the mood. “If you’d asked why… Well, it’s that I could have the chance to hit you back…” She laughed upon her own foolishness. “Who knows that might put you back into your sen — ...” The last words she ought to say abruptly vanished when he pulled her close to him and kissed her gently. She could feel the warm tears that was left moist on his face. For a moment, she was frozen until she regained her consciousness. Her palm landed on his face, a reflex action that she cannot avert of. Sofia gasped, burying her lips in her quivering hand and flinched away from him. She was not sure if it was because of the kiss or because of what she just did. She saw his face turned faintly red either in shame or in pain or perhaps, both. She slapped him with all her might that might have hurt over his subtle skin. 
Chase caress his face, indifferent. He draw a bland smile on his face and turned to Sofia who was blushing all over. “You’re dangerous than I thought,” he whispered and stand back to his feet. He, himself have no idea why he did such outrageous conduct. He felt that he want to kiss her and he did as what his mind tells him so. Or was it really his mind?
Sofia gulped. “Don’t you ever… never did that again!” She was in panic near hysterical. 
His eyes narrowed and turned his back to leave. A dark figure appeared on the corner, a human physique. Sofia hurriedly stand, taking steps away from the unforeseen guest. Chase looked back over his shoulder. It was a familiar presence.
The figure went out of the dark. He was a tall, young man. His hair flows over his shoulder and was fastened on the tip by a strip of fabric. It was pale yellow and a bit curly. He was nice-looking after all. A lovely phoenix suddenly landed atop his shoulder. The man chuckled and spoke, “I think I missed something, have I?”
Chase turned to face him. It seems that Chase knew him quite long. He smirked but says nothing. The man sighed. “You never changed at all. You still have that upsetting arrogance with you.” He glanced at the young man on her right and said, “It’s been awhile, dear cousin.”
“What are you doing here?” Chase inquired in a thought-provoking tone. Sofia glanced at the two, every other second that passed between them. If she had heard it right this stranger was his cousin.
“That’s the same thing I wanna ask,” Sever replied, sitting over the railings. He turned his look away and said, “It’s hard to live like this, don’t you think? I was actually looking for you. They have found out of your existence and I heard that they were now on your trail too. Besides, I sensed a great war coming. So, I came to warned you. You’ve been hiding yourself for quite long.” The phoenix flew to her shoulder and rest there. Sofia exclaimed in shocked. The man turned to her, frowned. “Is she the girl who was always with you?” Sever shook his head, resolving his own question. “Perhaps, not. They just looked the same.”
Sofia knitted her brow. A girl who was always with him? Iris. Something pricked her heart. The man stand back to his feet and turned to leave. “I have to leave now, I guess. You should do the same. Regards to Isabelle, anyway.” Sever looked back on Sofia. “Septh might have like you, Miss.” The man smiled on Sofia and said, “Will you take care of him for me?”
Sofia glanced at the feathered friend on her shoulder. It looked on her and screech softly. She nodded and forcibly smile. Did she have a choice? The bird looks so fine at least. Septh rubbed its beak on her hair, somewhat happy over her judgment. She turned to Chase and caught his stare. He suddenly turned his gaze away and back to Sever.
“Well then. It’s nice seeing you, France,” Sever remarked and jumped down the railings. Sofia widened her eyes following after the man. Is he nuts? They were in the balcony, high enough to break the bones of some nuts that will jumped down from it. Well, if it was human perhaps.
“He’ll be fine,” Chase declared. “We should leave now. They might be after him.” Sofia turned a doubtful look on him. He grabbed her wrist and they perished just like before. They appeared by the boulder. Everyone was still sleeping and no one noticed their absence. The bird flew and rested on the rock. Sofia finds her place in silence. She never bother to throw a single look on him and helplessly lay her back on the ground, instead. Because of what that guy did earlier, she might be awake through the morning, wondering if he did it on purpose or was just taken by his loneliness. Many things had happened that night. She had seen his gloomy past and met his long lost kin. Did that Sever called him by the name France? What secrets have you still hiding, Chase Strife? A piece of woolen fabric separates her from the dirt of the earth that lays beneath it. It was cold yet she felt warm, though her body faintly trembled. 
Chase noticed her uneasiness as he lay his back on the rigid limb of the tree. He grabbed the brocade blanket on his side and throw it to Sofia who was taken by surprised on the thing that had landed over her head. Sofia turned to him with its wondering eyes. He turned his bland look away, putting a hand over his forehead. “You know what to do with that. You’re stupid enough if you try to eat up that thing,” he murmured. 
Sofia make a face and grabbed the fabric, peeved. She pulled the blanket up to her shoulders and laid, her back facing him. “About earlier…” She heard him spoke with a low tone. “Forget about it. It would never happen again.” Sofia could not help the intense emotion that flowed over her. She shuddered but manage to conceal her feelings. She knew he was still looking behind her back on a distance. She could still feel his stern glare, measuring the depths of her soul down to her very heart. It hurts her so much. That kiss was important to her, it was the first actually and it was from him. She narrowed her eyes. If only she was Iris, he might not tell those to her. Iris, that lady might be furious if she knew of such thing. All right then, she would completely forget of that and acted as if nothing happened. Sofia closed her eyes and sleep but the young soul on the corner never took his eyes away from her.

CHAPTER X:   BEWILDERED HEARTBEAT

Flaire swung the door open making the Old Wizard jumped to his feet. He almost had a heart attack by the sudden appearance of the young woman at his door. Her face were pale as if she had seen a ghost or something. She was catching her breathe, holding her chest and lift her head to face the Old Wizard. Claw put away the book of spell that he was studying and look up at the young woman with a worried look. 
“It seems that you have forgot to knock, young Missy.” Claw smiled, clasping his hands together over the table. He wonder what sort of news had made her looked that way. Good news, he hoped.
Flaire calmed herself. After taking a deep breath, she stared at the Old Wizard. “People were outraged. They can’t be stopped anymore and they were on the move now.” The Old Wizard gritted his teeth. It was not good after all. War had been started. He was in silence for a moment, thinking about the future of their world. The people does not know who they were battling with. 
“We have to inform them,” Claw uttered, searching for a piece of parchment. The Hunter must find the book as much as possible before a bloodshed could took place. Many people could lose their lives at a blink of an eye.
“Is there nothing we could do to help them?” Flaire inquired, shutting the door on her back. She looked frustrated and worried at the same time. She was worried about her friends that were travelling out there. Skull might be aware of the Hunter’s existence. Sofia was in great danger. Hesperian soldiers were all over the land now, searching for rebels and outlaws or maybe for them.
Claw shook his head, writing something on the parchment. “All we can do is to wait and hope that they will succeed in the end.” He sighed. “We still have a town to protect. And I count on you and to our brothers out there.”
“I’ll inform them, right away,” Flaire declared, grabbing for the knob. “We can seek their assistance. I just hope that they won’t fail us.” The lady disappeared in an instance, dashing out of the room. The Old Wizard touched his forehead. Things were getting worse. Claw continued on his writing.


***


Sofia gazed on the scenery before her. The weather was not fair that morning. They woke up early and prepared to leave as early as possible. A distant village downhill can be perceived that could be reached in no time. They planned to stop for a while and rest there. In a distant mountain, she could see dark clouds circling it. The significant dark forest awaits them. It seemed lifeless and dull. Sofia trembled seeing the death that lies beyond. Raven went near her and take hold of her hand. Septh screech and flew over her shoulders.
They’ve reach the village within just an hour. The dwellings were mostly made of adobe that stood still under the heat of the sun. Villagers went to and fro, going to their farms, fetching animals and plowing the earth. Some have axe at their shoulders that might be going to the thicket to cut lumbers and woods. There were children, lots of them playing some kind of game with their gleeful eyes. A child suddenly grabbed Sofia’s attention. The child was lame and sickly that she was just on the corner watching other children. She seemed to be hungry but no one was there to care for her. She wished she can do something for the child, a food at least but they just passed her by.
The moment they arrived on the tavern by road, she get some apples from their baggage and looked for the girl that she had seen before. Chase followed her secretly while Tristan and Iris went inside to buy food and settled a spot for them. Raven joined their company. He followed Sofia with his gaze until she turned to an alley. He came after her trail and finally halted. Sofia sit beside a lame girl, asking about something. After some talking, she offered her an apple and called out the attention of other sickly children she could find, giving them the same grace. He could see the smile on the young woman’s face upon seeing the happiness she had brought over the hopeless progenies. Sofia stand back to her feet and turned to where he was silently observing. He turned to leave and went back to the tavern, avoiding her presence. He does not want her to think that he was secretly prying on her. Moreover, he does not want the girl to assume anything until he was certain of what he feels. 
Iris waved her hand upon seeing him entering the tavern. There were only few people who were dining. Five men were drinking and chattering audibly by the corner. He was thankful that the place was spacious and quiet, somehow. Chase halted, he could feel something was odd but the amulet never gives a warning, not a single glow. Even though, he should never let his guard down, not at this point. Iris leave a space for him on her side. He went near her and sat without a noise. Sofia came after. Tristan called for the young woman’s attention. Sofia smiled removing her hood and paused upon seeing him. He glanced and turned his look to the opened window. 
Sofia sat beside Tristan. On his left was Raven who was grinning at them. Sofia managed to smile, throwing glances on Chase a minute after another. No matter how she try to ignore him, she always found a reason for her to glance at him. Was he that irresistible? Sofia sighed many times than usual. Tristan noticed her discomfort.
“Are you sick?” Tristan asked and pat her forehead. Chase glanced in secrecy. Sofia suddenly blushed. She never expect that Tristan would do that. 
Sofia set a wry smile and said, “I-I’m fine.” She lowered her gaze. 
Tristan smiled. “That’s a relief.” 
Iris smirked. Well, well. This guy was making his move eh? She turned to Chase and rest her head over its shoulder. She should make a move too, Iris thought smiling to herself. Sofia could not help to glance and suddenly frowned upon catching Chase’s eyes that was staring at her. She hurriedly looked away. Whenever she looked into his eyes, she remembered one thing. The kiss.
A moment later, their food was finally served by a pretty woman. The lady stares differently on Chase, smiling onto him with such sweetness, a seducing one. She even dares to touch his shoulder when he caught her wrist. The woman leered and pulled her hands out of his grip. Iris throw a threatening look on the woman. “Enjoy your meal,” the woman said, curling the tips of her hair and took a glance at Chase before turning to Sofia. Chase sneered and shook his head in disbelief.
“Yours will be followed,” the woman announced to Sofia and leave them in great puzzlement. Tristan chortled. His friend was such a lady-killer. Sofia smirked silently. What else to expect? Iris, on the other hand, was troubled by the appearance of a potential rival. Raven? He already grabbed his plate and gobbled on the food. He was just a child and it was an adult matter to be mixed up with. 
The woman went out of the kitchen, carrying the soup on a large platter to be serve to Sofia. Glancing on her, the lady put down the soup gently over the table. “You should eat while it’s hot,” the woman murmured and left. Sofia smiled. The soup seemed so tempting and savory to her. A foreboding presence suddenly came out of nowhere. Chase turned his gaze into the serving lady. Something was peculiar on her yet he cannot tell exactly what it was, or was it just a mistake? He smelled something in the soup that was serve to Sofia. Poison. A destroying angel. He was about to stop Sofia from taking a sip when Septh, the phoenix jolted down into the table from the open window, spilling the soup on Sofia’s hand with its sharp talons. It screeched in an odd manner and flew out of the window. Chase hurriedly stand, drawing something inside his cloak. The people inside the tavern, turned to them with curious look on their eyes.
Sofia flinched. She know something might not be right. Chase turned to her and said, “Your soup was poisoned.” Iris and Tristan stood exchanging glances to each other, alarmed. Raven puke and spilled out all the food that he had eaten. 
The child turned to Sofia and asked, “Am I dead, Fie?” Sofia shook her head and pulled the boy closer to her. He looked fine. If it was poisoned, he should be dead right now. Someone might have put poison on her soup. It might be the serving lady. Chase throw a rose at the door that leads to the kitchen when a noise was heard from it. The flower suddenly flamed. The serving lady squealed and came out with its hand raising over her chest. She seemed surprised by the flaming thing that was thrown at her.  
Chase frowned in surprised. “It wasn’t her. Then, who could be …?” 
A laughed echoed the place. It was foreboding so as the presence that goes stronger than before. The people run out in fear, leaving them behind. “Wonderful,” a voice intoned. They turned around and was astounded when they recognize from whom the voice came from. A young girl stood by the door. Sofia gasped seeing the girl. It was the same girl that she saw before! The difference is that she was not lame after all.
The girl drew near them and chuckled. “You never suspect me, do you?” She laughed aloud. “Who would suspect a poor lame girl anyway? You were too kind Hunter. I am afraid that kindness could kill you.” The girl began to shift form. From an innocent figure she turned into a full grown woman wearing a seductive garb that extends down to her feet. The dress was close-fitting and silky-black, revealing her alluring feature. Her hair was snow-colored, flowing on her back down to her knees. A slit that starts from the lower hem up to her hips shows the fullness of her thighs. The woman tossed her hair and rest her hands over her waist. She was a witch yet a beautiful one. “Snow, at your service.” The woman slightly bowed her head in a graceful manner.
Iris utters a spell and the wooden chairs along with the tables flew directly over the woman but it had been blocked with an invisible shield. Seeing that she failed on her first attack, Iris made everything float and flew towards the witch one after another in a circular motion, but it was useless. The woman smirked, “Was that all that you’ve got?” She write something in the wind that made Iris froze like a sculpture. Snow laughed, biting her fingers seductively. 
Chase appeared before Sofia and dragged her behind him, shielding her from any harm. He drew out another flaming rose and throw it towards Snow. The witch form a barrier but it goes right into it, pinning her down to the wall. Snow groaned in pain. He was stronger than she thought. She draw an insolent smile and said, “My, my. I think I’m beginning to like you dear. You’re charming and formidable. My taste indeed.” 
Chase smirked and appeared beside Iris, unbinding her of the spell. Tristan began to form ice crystals on his wide-open palm. It reproduce into sharp, piercing crystals, circling on his hands. He thrust his hands towards Snow who was astounded and got hit by its pointy edges. She was hit on one of her shoulders and bleed. “It’s time to be serious now,” she plucked some strands of her hair and turned them into pins. She pitched those towards her opponents. A lizard on the ceiling was hit on the tail and fell to the ground, lifeless. The pins were poisoned that a tiny scratch could kill. 
Sofia who was at the corner had almost pricked by one of the deadly pins. She saw it coming and stopped an inch away from her eye. Chase had made it halt and fell to the ground before it hits her. Raven shifted into his beast figure. The wolf leapt and bit Snow on its hand. “Bad dog,” she uttered in agony, creating an orb and locking Raven inside. Then she squashed the beast out of the window. Raven wailed outside in pain. Sofia went to rescue the child but the door shut before her eyes.
 “Where do you think you’re going Hunter?” Snow yelled. “The game isn’t over yet!”
Chase took advantage of the moment and appeared behind Snow, drawing out his sword and slashed the witch crossways. She noticed his presence and avoided his assault. He only caught her hair that was cut in short length over her shoulders. The strands that had been cut off turned into ashes. Tristan rolled over, thrusting his sword into Snow’s chest from behind her back but the witch disappeared. The next thing he knew, his own sword were on his throat and behind him was Snow, smirking. Iris came into rescue and made the vines emerge, crawling and twisting over the witch’s feet and upward until it reach her arms, freeing Tristan who swiftly draw away from his abductor. Gust of air swarmed down on Snow, making the vines torn to pieces. Before Tristan could do anything, he was frozen into ice. The witch made spheres of water that dragged Sofia inside. Iris try to repel it but it was too late. She was locked on the other sphere.
Snow laughed wickedly, lifting the sphere cages in the air. The two young woman began to gasp for air. It was filled with water and was hard to breathe. They may drown to death in a few minutes. “Now what, my dear?” Snow asked, crossing her arms over her chest. “Which of them do you love most? The Hunter or This girl?”
Chase clenched his fist. This witch is crazy. He could see them suffering. Both of them have a significant portion in his life. How could he possibly choose between them? “Let them go!” he yelled, enraged. 
Snow wiggled her finger. “Uh-Uh. You have to choose. One of them has to die. I can’t let both of them go.” The witched chortled. It was fun. She could see the bothered look on his eyes. Even Skull only ask for the Hunter, this sort of game was sort of fun. “Time’s running out, knight. I say, you choose the girl. The Hunter was mine.”
 Sofia began to gasp for air as the sphere began to shrink. It was such a shame that she would die that way. She uttered something before she fainted. His eyes widened, unable to grasp what she had told him. Chase bend a knee. Iris shook her head. No. He should not kneel before her. Snow laughed wickedly. “What was that knight? Surrender now?” He suddenly slit his palm and wrote something on the ground with his blood. It was a spell. Blinding streaks of red light emerges from the writings. He was borrowing strength from the beast inside of him and it does not failed him. Chase strike the ground with his wounded palm. His eyes turned fiery red. Sharp claws began to grow and red, glimmering scales appeared on his arms. Iris had seen him like that before and it had been a long time. 
“Die,” he whispered. A huge orb of carmine fire surrounds the witch. It was burning furiously. Snow screamed and dispersed immediately before she roast to death. Chase appeared behind her and struck his sword towards her heart. It somehow wounded her before she had disappeared completely. The ice began to melt and Tristan freed himself. Spheres of water vanished and the two young woman began to fall. Iris made a layer of air for her to land. Chase caught Sofia who was still unconscious.
“Shadows were coming,” Chase announced. His eyes went back to normal. The claws and scales began to turn into red speckles of dust and vanished. His power was not enough to fight them back and hold them. Summoning spell could give you just a moment of boundless Gift but after that it could drain out all the life in you. They swiftly depart the tavern which was left in a great mess. He carried Sofia and mounted the horse. He turned to Tristan and said, “Take Raven with you and go with Iris. We have to split up. Find a clearing on the mountain and wait us there.” 
Tristan nodded and held his arm eventually, “Take care of her.”
Chase saddled the horse and leave. Tristan carried Raven and took the other route along with Iris. The shadows began to appear one after another, chasing them in swift movements. They went through the thicket and headed to the mountain. The sky was eventually turning dark and there was a chance of rain. They were now at the foot of the Dark Fall Mountain. Even Skull’s disciple cannot passed through it. The mountain was sacred and had been the lair of the Lost Souls. 

CHAPTER XI:   BY YOUR SIDE

It rained hard. The ground was slick with moss and mud, making it hard for the cob to go uphill any longer.  It was weak and weary. What a poor being, exposing its life to grave threat just for them to survive. The cob sank down to the ground, panting heavily.
Chase sighed, patting the neck of the pity creature. “You have done a great job. Time to go now.” The cob whined in a low, weak sound, breathing its last and then passed. He put his hand on its forehead and made it turn to speckles of dust and vanished. He carried Sofia on his arms and finds a shelter for them. Chase traversed the course uphill. The heavy rain was slowing him down. He tried to use a spell but it falter. They were both absolutely drenched in the rain. Looking down on the young woman on his arms, he could feel her shivering with cold. She was pale and worn out. Chase transfer some of his remaining strength on her. His power was weaken and he felt the numbness of his hands. He wonder if the others made it and escaped. Something caught his eyes on a distance, a shelter. A cave perhaps. It was near the cliff and the path was not friendly. A single mistake could made you fell down to the jagged, sharp rocks below. Fortunately, he made it and they went inside. Dried leaves and twigs blocked the passage. He use a little amount of his ability to remove them. The place was not that nice but it sheltered them anyway. He made a fire to keep them warm. It still rained hard that he only see a mere silhouette of the forest. 


***


Sofia had a vision. A war. A terrible one. The people stands no chance upon their ruthless enemy. They were dying and wounded. She saw a tall hooded figure standing before the war. It holds a scepter on its hand, shape like a skull. It grasped her neck and she had turned to ash, then vanished like the others. She was awake after then. Her vision was still blurry but she perceived a face, a familiar one that was gazing down on her. When everything went clear, her eyes widened and gasped. It was Chase looking down at her with his blue eyes, concerned. Strands of hair flows over his face. He was atop her who was lying on the ground. What a scene. She gulped and want to freak out. He was a man and still a man. She want to push him away but she laid stoned in silence. All she could do was stared at him. 
Chase draw a breath, seeing that she was now awake. He moved away from her without a word. Sofia hurriedly straightened herself and coiled on the corner. Chase smirked. He knew what this girl was thinking. “That’s not gonna happen. So, set aside that fantasies of yours,” he murmured without taking any glance at Sofia. “You were screaming. I am just trying to wake you up. You’re not my type after all.” 
Sofia made a face. She saw an insolent smile on his face. He was making fun of her again. Instead of fighting back, she became serious. “I know,” she whispered resting her chin over her bended knees. It was still raining hard outside and the air was moist. She turned to Chase and saw that his hair was still sopping wet. He began to undress and Sofia turned her look away, embarrassed. 
“It seems that you trust me that much,” he said, placing his clothes near the flame. He was half-naked, revealing his bare shoulders up to his slender waist. No one would ever thought that he was a knight-errant. With his fine skin, he was more of a prince. Well, he was a prince actually, Sofia thought in silence. She thought of bringing the matter but it seems that it was not the right time.
“W-Where are the others?” She begin to ask, removing the awkwardness between them. Chase turned to look at her and smirked. Sofia shook her head. When would he learn to smile without arrogance?
“We split up. They might be somewhere here in the forest,” came his reply, looking at the vast woodland. 
Sofia nodded. She suddenly think of the bird. “Where could he possibly be?” 
Chase turned to her, unease. Sofia raised a brow seeing his reaction. His look was different. Chase suddenly asked, “Tristan?” Sofia shook her head. Why would he think that it was Tristan? She chuckled. 
“I mean Septh,” Sofia corrected him, hugging her arms over her shins. Chase raised a brow, a mistake then. He turned his look away. “I hope he was fine. He saved me. I never suspected that girl would be a witch.”
Chase narrowed his eyes and sighed. “You should never trust anyone, except yourself.” He paused and added, “Not even me.” There was a stressed on the last words he said. 
Sofia heard him and asked, “Not even you? But, you protected me too from that witch before. Was that not enough for me to trust you?”
He smirked. “You heard it right. You don’t knew me that much.” He lowered his gaze. There were something on his eyes that Sofia cannot figured out. Was it sadness or hatred? He was so blank. She would probably lose her mind if she kept on guessing the things that came in and out of his mind.
Now is the time to bring the matters up. She smiled. “I am… aware of that. Still, there were things… perhaps, I knew about you.” Sofia dared him. 
He looked at her for a long moment and said, “Tell me then.” He wonder how much does this girl knew about him. She was quite an interesting one. Since there was plenty of time, he could lend her some of it. He began to vanish into red speckles of dust. Sofia gasped in terror. 
“Hey, why are you leaving me here?? Where are you going??” She asked in panicked. Afraid that Chase had been pissed on her and decided to leave her behind and wait to be eaten by wolves. She suddenly heard him chuckled. It was the first time that she heard him laughed. 
“I’m still here,” he murmured. “My presence might be bothering you… so for now, think like you’re alone.” She forgot that he was a warlock. She shrugged her shoulders. What difference does it make? He was still there after all, just unseen. 
Sofia sighed and said, “That was an odd thing for you to do.” It was weird talking to an unseen being. She was right, she would lose her sanity with him. “I know, but I made an exemption for you.” She heard him said. She made a face. Sofia watched as raindrops fell on the ground. Her face suddenly became sober. What do you know of me? The question echoed on her thoughts. What exactly does she know of him?
“Well… U-Ugh. You were not born of Hesperian blood or any warlock’s bloodline.” She found herself talking. Sofia looked around, hoping to see his face but he never show himself. “And… You were an Etherian. The castle that we visited and the portraits on the wall, even the garden itself. They play a vital role in your life, am I right?” She wait for an answer but she got nothing. He made her feel that she was really alone though he could see Sofia, wide and clear. 
Sofia cleared her throat and continued, “Seeing your past, I could tell that your mother loved you so much. And you loved her as well. That’s why you almost kill me.” Sofia lowered her voice on the last phrases. “And… uhmm… your dagger. It is the one in the portrait and the one that belongs to your mother. The Archmage’s Sword. As what Claw told me, only the Royal Family took possession of that sword, meaning you are a monarch. The Crown Prince, I believed?” Sofia smirked and bat her eyelashes. Then she continued, “And Sever, your cousin… he called you by the name France. Could it be that, it was your real name? And Isabelle was Victoria…?” Sofia bit her lips. She laid silence and added, “Iris… you love her?” Sofia cannot decide if it was a question or not. Though, she could see that he does not seem to hear it clear.
Chase simpered and appeared an inch away by her side. He was been there ever since, staring closely at her face as he listened to every word she say. Sofia gasped by his sudden appearance. He might had a habit of popping out like a mushroom, she thought. 
“Wheww…” he whispered, touching his brow. “I never expect you to be that bright.” 
Sofia raised a brow in scorn but said nothing. “It’s true… but not all of it. It was my turn to do all the talking, I guess,” Chase said and turned to her. “The one on the portrait. He was King Vladymir, if you have heard of him. He was my ancestor. The lady was Queen Elizabeth and the child on her arms was my great grandmother. That garden… my mother used to take us there.” He smiled upon the memories that still lingered on his thoughts. “You were right. I am the first born child, the heir supposedly. But Etheria had been destroyed before I could take over it.” 
Sofia listened as he speaks. Chase sighed. “My mother had been killed by the sorcerer named Skull. My sister and I live in fear all those years as Skull hunts us down. Until I have heard of Claw. My Gift doesn’t enough to defeat Skull so, I took apprenticeship of that Old Wizard. You should learn to fight poison with poison, you know.” Chase sneered. “It’s Francis, by the way. Francis Wilhelm vi Etheria… that’s my name. Isabelle Margarette was Victoria.”
“How about Chase Strife?” Sofia frowned. He was too secretive of himself, she thought.
“Nom de guerre,” he replied. “I have to use that name to keep my freedom. No one would suspect me that way.”
“Why Chase?” Sofia further inquired. “Because you were being chase by girls? Or chased by Skull?” She chuckled and shook her head. 
Chase set out an insolent smile. It was her sister’s idea. “Or perhaps both.” He finds himself said and chuckled. Sofia stared at him and laughed. Seeing him like that make her feel comfortable at his side. If only he stay like that forever. Free and easy.
“See, you’re laughing,” she murmured, looking up at Chase. He just raised a brow and turned his look away with a smile. It was quite long since he felt that easiness inside. He never imagined that this girl had such inquisitiveness on her. 
 You just have been misunderstood by so many. The thought just stayed on Sofia. She turned to look at his hand. “How was it?” Sofia asked referring to the wound caused by striking the wall back then. 
“It healed,” Chase replied and raised his hand for her to see. The bruised caused by his stupidity had been gone but the cut on his palm was still there. It was healing slowly. His Gift of Healing was weak at that certain place even his warlock’s ability. 
Sofia shook her head in disbelief. “After the first had healed. There came another. Are you a masochist?” 
“It should be healed by now,” Chase whispered. “But it seems this mountain had a barrier that keeps away any Gift, either black or not. My sorcery was weak here.”
Silence came and their little conversation had ended but the rain never stops. Sofia felt the urge to ask him more, especially of one thing. “Ugh. Iris — she … Ugh... w-what do you think of her?” Sofia stammered, lowering her gaze into the flame.
Chase turned to her. “Iris?” He paused. “She was a sister to me.” Her eyes widened upon hearing what he had said. She could feel her heart beating loudly in her chest. A sister. She took a deep breath and sighed. Smiling to herself.
He noticed it and asked acting like an innocent child, “What are you smiling about?” He completely knew why. He just wanted her to tell it first, to be sure. Though the future was uncertain for them, he want to trust again, to hope… to love. 
“She told me that he likes you,” she told him. “What about that?”
“There’s nothing I could do about that,” Chase answered curtly. “Besides, there was already someone who holds my heart.” He turned to her but Sofia looked away. She does not want to assume anything yet. Iris would have been mad if she knew what the man she loves felt about her. As if remembering something he asked, “What are you trying to tell me earlier? Before you fainted?”
Sofia turned to him, alarmed. “I thought I was going to die already back there,” she said.
“But you weren’t.”
“Because you saved me,” Sofia smirked, hugging her knees. “Eat well.” She paused and looked up at him. “T-That’s what I’ve told you.” She smiled but Chase still have the stern look on his eyes. Sofia turned to look away, awkwardly. “I swear. That’s what I told you.”
He draw near her side and stop an inch away from her. His eyes meeting hers. He sighed and draw away, “Liar. I could tell that you were lying.” Chase touched his forehead. This girl made him sick.
Sofia made a face. “What exactly do you want me to tell you?” Chase smirked and pulled her close that their foreheads almost touched. Sofia hold her breathe. Her chest was tightening. What was this guy thinking?
He looked at her eyes and whispered, “I want you to tell me that … you like me. Wasn’t that the truth?” Sofia sneered. This guy has a nerve. He pulled her even closer and was about to kissed her when a bird flew into the cave. Chase created an invisible cage and locked the bird inside. They saw a parchment on its talons. He removed the cage and reached for the parchment. The moment he had took hold of it, the bird disappeared into speckle of dust. His face regained its seriousness after he had read its contents. The parchment turned to dust in a moment. 
“It’s Claw,” he announced. “The war had begun.” 
Sofia trembled in fear. It was on her vision. “I had seen it coming,” she whispered, still trembling. Chase turned to her. He could see that she was afraid. “I’ve seen the terrible war. Many innocent people died.” She paused. “I’ve seen a girl… She die too. A terrible death.” Sofia concealed her tears. 
“Someone you know?” he inquired.
“Yes.” Sofia forcibly smile, hiding her emotion. None of her vision had failed. It was a waste that she was gonna die in the end after all. “I knew her well. She was me.” Chase turned its worried look on her. Did he heard her right? This girl had the guts to joke at this moment huh?
He chuckled. “That was funny. I should rejoice per — …” He halted upon seeing a tear fell from her face. He could see that she was trying hard not to cry in front of him. He wrapped his arms around Sofia who never bother to look at him. She was still trembling. He tilted her head with his finger to meet his eyes. Chase let out a comforting smile. “Do you think I would allow that to happen?” He pulled her head into his welcoming shoulder. “I knew it sounds awkward but I appreciate if you listen. You know talking is not a habit of mine so I’ll make it short.” Chase took a deep breath before he proceed. “I will stand by your side and fight with you till my last breath. For years I live as a selfish person. I never care about someone until you came and changed everything. For that, I thank you.”
He turned at Sofia and narrowed his eyes. She was already sleeping. Chase shook his head. “You are really annoying, you know?” He murmured. “But at least, I have told you.” Chase leaned his head on hers. He felt different but it feels good somehow. 
Sofia heard it all. She was just pretending not to. Tears run down her cheeks. His words were comforting. She was wishing that her visions was not true. She was hoping that she could spent forever with him. But no matter what tomorrow holds. One thing was sure. She love him and will always be. She tried to avoid him but fate brought them together. 

CHAPTER XII:   BETRAYAL

They found the clearing where Chase instructed them to wait for them. Still, no sign of Sofia or Chase. The rain had stopped but the fog was blinding them. Tristan went with Raven to find them. Iris was left. Her head was somewhat aching with pain. She could not help herself to keep thinking of Chase. She wondered where the two had gone. Iris sighed and buried her face on her hands. A figure appeared beyond her knowledge. It wore a foreboding smile on its lips.
“You’re thinking of someone I guess,” a voice intoned. Iris lifted her face and grabbed the dagger on her side. A woman dressed in bright red appeared on her front. Her face was covered with black veil and she wore a fury muffler around her neck. “I believed that was not necessary. I am your friend, Iris.”
Iris stand back to her feet and took steps backward. “H-How do you know my name?”
The woman smiled. “I’ve known you long enough to see how much you loved this man.” She draw near Iris who was astounded. She could feel the jealousy that dwells inside the young lady’s innocent heart. An insolent smile drawn on her face. This was getting brilliant. 
“W-What are you talking about?” Iris asked, holding the dagger on her hands. The lady vanished in front of her and appeared by her side. She could feel its hands taking her dagger away. She tried to move but her body does not create any motion.
“Sofia,” the woman whispered on her ears, touching the strands of her ebony hair. Its voice seemed to magnetize her senses. The words echoed on her thoughts. “She betrayed you. She stole the man you love away from you.”
Iris laid in silence. Sofia? How could she do something like that? No. She will never do that. “She’s my friend. She would never do that,” Iris intoned. 
The woman simpered. “How do you know? You were not there.” She touched the tip of Iris’ chin, down to its stiff shoulders. “Why do you think you could trust Sofia when at the first place, she was a rival of yours?” She titled the girl’s head to meet her gazed. “Listen to me, Iris… she failed you. Sofia steal your first love. What else would that Hunter want to take away from you? Your friends? Your Gift? If she had the courage to hurt you, she will also hurt him in the end. She was just playing with you. She was just using all of you… If she found the book, she would just use it for her own good.”
Iris clenched her fist. She would never forgive Sofia. “You’re right. She was just using us,” she said. Her heart beats furiously on her chest. She trusted Sofia and what did that girl repay her? No. She would never forgive her. She would do anything to keep her away from him, from her friends, from everyone… from this world.
The woman smiled wickedly to herself. She had no idea that it would be that easy. Young love. What a wonderful game she played. “Kill her, Iris.” She held the young woman’s hand, giving back the dagger that she took away. “Kill Sofia… Kill the Hunter.” The woman disappeared with a smile on its lips. Iris stood in nothingness. She sank helplessly to the ground.
“You will pay,” she whispered, staring at the dagger on her hands. “You will certainly pay, Sofia Lockheart.” A treacherous plan was made on her mind. Iris smiled wickedly. Chase will definitely be hers if Sofia was gone. Besides, they knew where the book was. They have no use of that human anymore. 


***


“Iris!” Sofia called as they draw near the clearing. Iris turned its back to them. The young woman smiled not to her but to the man on her side and hurriedly run to embrace him. She does not seemed to notice Sofia at all. 
“I’m glad that you’re safe,” Iris said. Chase patted the young woman’s head. Sofia just smiled and clasped her hands behind her back. Jealousy had no place on her heart. She trust him and was certain that she holds his heart.
Tristan and Raven soon arrived and were glad seeing them. They had been into a tough state and tired enough that they decided to continue their journey the next morning. Tristan went to hunt some wild deer for their supper, Chase and Raven go with him. The two young women was left. Sofia decided to fetch water on the nearby brook. Iris was left on the clearing.
Sofia was busy fetching water when she heard footsteps from behind. She turned around and was surprised to see Chase drawing near her. She pulled the flask, facing him with such curiosity. “Where’s Raven and Tristan? I thought you went with them,” Sofia inquired, gathering her skirt and hurriedly stand. Chase went near her and cupped her face. He glared down at her. She frowned. His look was different and she felt weird. 
“I left them behind,” came the reply. “I’ve missed you that easily, my love.”
Sofia knitted her brow. What happened to this man? Did she changed him that much? He called him “his love”? She never thought he would say something like that to her. Sofia smirked and pulled his hands down. “I still have so much task to do and I don’t have that idea of playing games with you, Francis.”
The young man frowned. “Francis? Is that what you called me?”
Sofia gazed at him. “Yes? Oh, sorry. You might not have acquainted with your real name, Francis Wilhelm.” She laughed, putting stress on her last words and turned to resume her task. Chase held her hands.
“I want to show you something,” the young man said. Sofia sighed and pulled her hands. Something was odd with him. Something she could not exactly figure out. She shook her head, resting her both hands over her waist.
“Not now, okay.” Sofia smiled and turned her back to him. “You can show that to me later.” She was about to lift the flask when she heard him yelled on her. “You have to come with me!” His voice was harsh and foreboding. Sofia turned back to Chase, irritated.
“Are you yelling at me??” She asked with a jarring voice. She could not hide the ireful look on her eyes. Chase glared at her for a moment and smiled, somewhat alarmed. He gently put his hands over her shoulders. The young man shook his head. The unstable look can be seen on his eyes, edgy. It seems that he was in a hurry. He is not the same calm, sensible man she knew. Something was changed.
“I-I just want to show you something.” He stammered and touched the strands of hair on her shoulder. “I promise. You won’t regret.” 
Sofia let out a sigh of defeat. This guy was way too persistent. It might be important or a surprise, perhaps. She put the flask down and went to follow his lead. A smile drawn out of his face. They were already quite a distance away from the brook. The ambiance was somewhat creepy but Sofia does not bother at all. Chase was with her. She suddenly remember when they sneak out to visit the castle. It was the same feeling that she felt at that moment. Sofia reached for his hand that made him gasp which was an unusual thing for him. He is the kind who was not that easy to surprise. Sofia shrugged her shoulders and ignored the matter.
“I remember the time when we visit the palace,” Sofia said. 
He turned to her with a scowl. “What? When did — … Ugh. Yeah. Right.” The young man draw a faint smile on its face and continued on their way. Sofia smiled and draw close to Chase. They soon reached the edge of the precipice nearby. Its rocky surface overlook the creepy forest at the foot of the Dark Fall Mountains. Looking down, sharp rocks debris that was formed of rock corrosion awaits on its bottom, with tall pine trees the showers its cones. Sofia frowned seeing the place. There was nothing in there but rocks. They walked far to see rocks? 
She turned to him and smirked. “So, you bring me here? I’ve already seen rocks, cliffs, and… forest,” Sofia said. “You know, France… We should get back now. They’re might be waiting for us.” 
The man laughed. A foreboding one. He glared down at her, crossing his arms over his chest. A more feminine gesture that made Sofia sank in deep puzzlement. He draw near her and sneered. “Sofia Lockheart… You really dare to oppose me, don’t you?” 
Sofia looked at the man with bewilderment. “What are you bringing up this time, France?” 
The man laughed sarcastically and glared at her. “France? Is Francis his name? Ugh. Oh dear! I’ve never known of that.” He began to shift his form. A familiar face. A foreboding smile. A furious eyes. A broken heart. An innocent girl that was drawn into darkness. It was Iris. “Does Chase told you all those things that he’d been hiding all those years? The things that I’ve been waiting for him to tell me?”
Sofia was astounded by the twist of events. She saw the tears that falls from Iris’ face. She could feel how hurt the girl was. Maybe it was a wrong thing to fall on the same man. Could it be that it was really her fault? Iris told her to steer clear from that man. But she loved him and he tell her that he felt the same. Sofia was in a state of great confusion. She does not know what to tell Iris, to ease the pain the young woman feel. “I-Iris, I — … I’m sorry… I know it was my fault but I love him ever since. I know how you feel…”
Iris sneered. “You knew what I feel?” She clenched her fist as she glared down at Sofia. Who does she think she was? She never knew how she feel. Never. Iris draw the dagger from her sleeves. Kill her. She heard a voice. The voice of the woman from the clearing. Kill the Hunter. Drain her blood. It echoed on her mind. She draw closer to Sofia who flinched away with fear upon seeing the dagger on her hand. She stared at her with furious eyes. “Now what Hunter? Where was your prince? I’m afraid you won’t see him anymore. I just hope you tell him your goodbyes before you die today…” She draw nearer and nearer until she was just few paces away. Sofia stepped back but it was already the edge and almost slipped her feet. Iris grinned in triumphant. “You have no way to run, princess.” She raised the dagger over her head, taking a step closer. Iris was about to thrust the dagger into Sofia’s heart when she saw the tears on the Hunter’s eyes. It was pure and clear as crystals. She looked into its eyes and feel the guilt on her heart. Sofia never plead for her life and closed her eyes. Iris hesitated but she heard a voice. What are you waiting for? Kill her! A treacherous friend should die! She closed her eyes and thrust the dagger on Sofia. Iris heard something fell. She opened her eyes and saw the blood on her hands. It was warm and deep red. Her heart beats wildly on her chest. Cold sweat runs down every corner of her face. She could feel the numbness that was surrounding her. Iris laid frozen with fear. Her body creates no action. She killed Sofia. She killed the Hunter! Iris gulped. She never dare to glance at the ground where Sofia fell. She took a step back to the clearing but suddenly halted. They would asked about Sofia. They would accused her if they found out what happened. No. She would never return to the clearing. Iris run as fast as she can. She run though she never knew where to go. She run with a dagger dripping with the Hunter’s blood. 


***


Francis. Chase heard the subtle voice of Sofia in his mind. He was about to shot the deer they had been chasing with a sharp arrow on his hand but he halted, letting the animal escaped. He heard Tristan instructed him to release it but he made no action. It was odd. He felt odd. He felt something was not right. His heart beat with a different rhythm. Sofia flashed on his mind. Something was definitely out of order. Chase turned to leave. Tristan followed him with Raven on its side. 
“What happened?” his friend inquired. 
“It’s not a good idea to leave them behind,” Chase murmured and continued on his way. The two went with him back to the clearing. No one was there. His heart beats faster. If his instinct was right, Sofia was in great trouble. “I will find them. You two stay here,” he announced. 
“I’ll go with you.” It was Tristan. The young man took a gripped of his shoulder. Chase took a deep breath and shove away its hands but his friend put it back again. He turned to face Tristan. “Sofia and Iris had been missing. I can’t afford to lose you and Raven too.”
Tristan stared at him, loosening its grip. “Bring Sofia back.”
He narrowed his eyes and said, “I definitely will.” Then, in a swift pace he left the two behind. He tried to use a spell to find them but it was no use. His magic was getting weaker and weaker. It was a matter of human ability now. He almost seek the whole thicket but none of Sofia or Iris had been found. They disappeared without a trace. He soon came to a cliff but nothing was there. Chase turned to leave but something caught his attention upon its edge. A red substance. He draw near the edge and touched the core. It was blood! It was still warm. Someone might have hurt. 
“Sofia,” he whispered. He hurriedly turned to leave when he heard something. A sound of falling rocks. He bend his knee and looked down the cliff. His eyes widened in fear. It was Sofia. She was bleeding and pale, almost unable to breathe. Her hands were stuck and got caught up on huge vines that were hanging beneath the cliff. 
“Sofia!” Chase called in a worried voice. She lifted her head but she seemed not to recognize him. She might have lose much blood. He tried to use his spell but it faltered. He hurriedly grabbed the vine and pulled it up. His wound restrained him from excessing too much force but he keep on going. The vine was not that strong to hold her up. Chase hurriedly offered his wounded hand without even thinking. “Here, grabbed my hand!” He commanded. He suddenly heard a discordant noise. The vine could have been cut in halves within a minute or two. “Hurry!” Sofia reached for his hand before the vine had split on two. He tried to pull her but his strength was not enough due to the severe wound on his hand. He keep on trying but still, he could not pulled her up. There was a way but it was too risky to perform the spell without much concentration. Suddenly, Sofia spoke on her weak voice. 
“Let go,” she said with a faint smile on her face. He could see her suffering. It shattered his heart. How would he defend her later if he could not help her now? He keep on pulling her up. She cannot die. Of course, she would not. He would never allow such thing. His hands bleed. His blood begun to drip on her face. 
“I said let go! You’re bleeding!” Sofia yelled at him. “I — I’m gonna die anyway. I saw my death in my vision.” She paused and looked up at him. “What’s the difference of dying now or later? You cannot die with me. You must find the book. There’s no use of me n — ...”
“Cut that off! You stupid girl!” Chase yelled back to her. “We’re going to find it together. No one’s gonna die!” He felt her hands slipping from his gripped. Before he could do anything, Sofia spoke again.
“This is goodbye I guess.” Sofia smiled at him and let go of his hand. 
Chase tried to reach it back but she fell so quickly. “This is not that part, you dummy!” He jumped to follow her. He inscribed something on the air using his blood. It was the summoning spell he used before. His eyes changes its color into a fiery red. Red scales began to appear on his hands and on the corners of his face. He would definitely risk everything for Sofia, even his life.


***


You’re weak. She heard the voice. The Hunter was still alive. I can still feel her. Iris flinched back, trembling with fear. “It couldn’t be,” she whispered. A figure appeared before her. Iris run away from the woman. She could see the foreboding presence on her. A dark magic. The floras and the wild shrubs that touches her dress turned into dust in no minute. On the ground where the woman stands grows nothing but burnt grasses and weeds. It draws near her until its fingers touches her neck. I could kill you now. Its lips breathe no words but Iris could hear them on her thoughts. But I won’t. I still need something from you. Iris gulped in fright. “I will do anything. Just let me live,” she said. Everything was happening according to plan… that favors her. The woman draw a wicked smile on her lips. 

CHAPTER XIII:   FORTITUDE

Sofia was suddenly awaken by the tiny voices that she was hearing. She opened her eyes and saw little creatures in shape of a human. Their skin was white and sparkling like diamonds. Huge dark eyes was the only feature they have on their faces. They have no nose for them to breathe, no ears for them to hear and no lips for them to talk but Sofia could hear them clearly on her mind and they were everywhere. She lifted her head and slowly straighten herself. She felt light and carefree. Sofia gasped in terror, remembering the last thing she had seen before her vision went dark. She fell from the cliff. She was sure of that. Could it be that she was already dead? Was this tiny, shimmering people were angels? Somebody moved on her side. Sofia flinched away.
“I know what you’re thinking,” Chase whispered in a weary, low voice. “You were not dead and they’re not angels,” he added. His skin was pale even his lips loose its vibrancy. He seemed to lose huge amount of blood and needs immediate blood transfusion. Sofia looked on her chest. It healed and no trace of the wound can be seen. “You’re lucky. An inch more and you’d been dead by now.” He suddenly spit blood from his lips. Sofia hurriedly came to his side, lifting his head into her arms. 
She gazed down on him with her troubled eyes. “But I didn’t because you save me,” she murmured low. “You save me many times. How can I repay you?” Tears begin to cluster on her eyes. She felt guilty about everything.
Chase chuckled. “Just breathe.” He coughed and more blood spat out. His getting weaker and his breathe sounds hoarse. He smiled and stared at Sofia. “You should fight for your people, for your kingdom while you still have them.” Chase wiped her tears that began to fall. “If I die here. At least I die saving you. Just bury me in the ground and bring me flowers every day. I’ll appreciate that.”
Sofia knocked his forehead. “You’re stupid!” She began to cry.
He smiled. “Yeah. Stupid enough to fall to a more stupid girl like you.” Chase began scolding her. “Why did you let go of my hand?” He stared at her. “Maybe you thought you’re a bird perhaps. You could have crushed all your bones. The real birds might be feeding with your flesh right now.”
Sofia looked up at the cliff above. It was too high and he might be right. She turned back to him and asked, “What did you do? You have no magic here.”
“I borrowed some from Kali,” he replied curtly and turned his look away.
Sofia frowned. “Who’s Kali?” She never heard of that name before. He never spoke of her just now. Could it be another girl or a witch perhaps? She waited for him. 
He looked at her for a moment and said, “She’s not another girl like what you’ve been thinking.” Sofia knitted her brow. How could he possibly guess what she’s been thinking? Was the state of dying gives you more knowledge? He smirked and continued. “She was a century-old dragon spirit. A Lost Souls like them,” he said referring to the small glittering creatures. He points to a huge, deep-seated tree at the heart of the forest. It was so huge that it could be seen even in the distant. “See that tree over there. That might be their home.” He paused for a moment and draw some air. His breathing might be grueling. “I met her when I was a child back at my opened window pane. She seemed frightened and puny. I took refuge of her. And later, made a bargain. She promised of great power and strength anytime whenever I need of even without the practice of sorcery…” He coughed and spat more blood. Sofia pitied him but she try to conceal it. Wiping the blood with his hand, he continued. “…in return of my life and the vital essence of the monster that I’ve killed. It strengthens her to continue living inside of me. He put a curse seal on me as a sign of our covenant.” Sofia noticed a mark of the dragon on his neck.
“What if there’s no vital essence for her?” Sofia inquired, stroking the strands of his flaxen hair. She could see the sudden change on his gaze.
“She will drain all the essence of life in me,” he replied and closed his eyes. He will die for sure if that happens. And Kali will die with him.
Sofia exclaimed and tap his face. “H-Hey! Don’t die! Open your eyes! Francis!”
Chase scowled. “Will you please be quiet? I’m trying to rest. Do you really want me to die?” He spit more blood. “Well, I’m dying… You’ll just have to wait a few seconds.” Sofia knocked his head again.
“H-How could you joke at this kind of time?!” She scolded him. She knew he was just trying his best for her not to be pity on him. He still have that ego of him even if he was fighting between life and death. She could see him getting worse and worse. If only she could do something but she is no wizard. She knows nothing of spell and chants. She have nothing but a foolish vision.
He laughed in a low tone. “I just want to leave you with a smile on your lips.” He stared at her. He was not afraid of dying. He was afraid that she would fight the war alone and die later. “You asked me the difference of dying now and dying later… It was simple. It’s a matter of faith and hope. Your faith will save you and your hope will keep you alive. If you die now, you die in vain. If you choose to die later you still have the possibility of survival. It’s a whole different thing.” 
Sofia noticed the wound on his hand. It was not healing. Blood trickled from it. She hurriedly untie the thin fabric on her hair and dressed the wound. Chase scoffed. “It already happened before.” Sofia shook her head but did not breathe a word.
He stared at her with his gloomy eyes. He reached something from his sword — a beautiful necklace was chained into it. A precious gem hangs from its silver chain, a ruby studded pendant. “This belongs to Isabelle. It’s a good luck charm that she gave me. Can I kiss you?” Sofia turned to him with a grimaced look on her eyes. She thought he was making fun of her again, but she saw that his look were serious. “Can I kiss the only girl I have loved before we depart forever?” He knew his time was running out. 
Sofia could not restrain herself from crying. Tears fall down on her cheeks. The thought of parting forever kills her. She bent down to kiss him. Tears fell from his eyes as he fasten the chain on her nape. His hope of winning the war by her side now fades. Come to think of it, death was not that painful. The thought of leaving the people you love was the painful one. 
“I was thankful that I met you… It suits you — the necklace. You look so beautiful, Sofia,” he said and smiled. Sofia buried her face on her hands and cry. She never thought that a guy would tell her that she was beautiful, and it came from a dying man which she loved the most. “Put your hands down and smile.” She heard him say. Sofia obeyed and smiled forcibly but her tears keeps falling down. “Your smiling face was the last thing I want to see on my way under.” He smiled. “Breathe for me,” he said and closed his eyes forever. Sofia cried and called his name but he was not breathing anymore.
She restrained herself from crying. There must be a way. He should not die! Now that she had loved him so much. Kali. Speak Kali. She heard a voice. A glittering being was staring at her from the ground with its conversing eyes. Kali? The dragon. Was it possible? She put her fingers over his forehead and closed her eyes, entering his thought. 
It was dark. She could not see anything. Nothing, even a vision. She walk and walk until a light shone from above. A beautiful dragon was descending from the light. Its red scale were reflecting its magnificence from the illumination. Red eyes were gazing down at her. The moment it touches the ground, it turned into a beautiful woman with pointy ears and dazzling red hair that extends down to its feet. Her eyes were beautiful like gleaming rubies. The woman draw near Sofia.
“I’ve seen you’re looking for me,” the woman spoke. 
Sofia nodded. “You were Kali?” She saw a nod and blurted out, “You killed him.” She clenched her fist and released. She knew it was wrong for her to be angry. “He wants to break away from your curse.”
Kali gazed at Sofia. “You know we have a deal and he borrowed all my strength just to save you — a fool who already surrender her sword even before the battle starts. And there is a price to pay. We have a covenant made after all. And that covenant will end only if one of us perished,” the woman defended herself. She smiled and said, “Do you know how he risk his life to save you? Performing the summoning curse even if he knew that it will kill him after? He even cure you instead of curing himself, taking away the pain in you and enduring the burden himself. Using the healing spell is not that easy, Hunter. Whenever he healed somebody, their pain will be passed on him.”
Sofia laid in silence. Tears fell from her eyes. She could not concealed it anymore. “A so-called love must be.” She heard the dragon spoke. It looked into her eyes. “You have a beautiful eyes. Your heart was pure so as your soul. Something dark was in trail of you both. I have hide his presence from that being for years but I guess there’s no use of hiding if cost forever.”
She looked at the dragon for quite long and said, “You were connected with him by the covenant, weren’t you? If he was dead then why you still exists?”
The dragon smiled. “Because he was not completely dead. You were still alive… you were his life, Sofia.” She held the Hunter’s hands. A bright red light spark and perished. “Use the Gift to win the war,” she whispered and begin to vanish in sparkling carmine particles.
“Cure him and let him live,” Sofia said before the creature vanished completely. The dragon was gone but she could still hear its voice, “I already did. Now go. Find the book. Defeat the Dark. Win the war. ” Sofia saw an image of herself. The darkness was replaced with the blinding brightness. Thank you, dragon.
Her eyes opened and she could see Chase on her arms. His color went back to normal. The wound was healed and no bruised was left. Sofia smiled, wiping her tears away. Being a Hunter was not bad at all. Chase opened his eyes and looked up at her with much curiosity. “What happened? Why are you crying?” He glanced over his hand and frowned. “The wound have healed.” Chase touched his forehead. His head suddenly ached. 
Sofia smiled and shook his head. Kali must have removed some of his memories. Memories that have no use of him now. She hugged him and he lay astounded. “That’s for saving me.”
He hurriedly straighten himself. “Are you alright now? Why did you let go of my hand?” He looked at her, troubled. Chase smirked “Maybe you thought you’re a bird perhaps. You could have crushed all your bones. The real birds might be feeding with your flesh right now.”
Sofia laughed. He will just put things up again. “I’ve heard that before.” Chase tried to speak but she put her fingers over her lips and said. “Sshhhh.” She heard soft creaking sound. She turned to the little being on the ground. Thank you, little one. The Lost Spirit nod. A voice speak on her thought. Hunter welcome. Sofia smiled and the spirit vanished. She turned to Chase and said, “I’m fine. We should find the way back to the clearing.”
Chase took a gripped of her hand. “Before we did that, I want to know who dares to kill you.” Sofia was taken aback by his question. Would he tell him that it was Iris? The truth would hurt him. They have been together and the girl was important to him. Sofia never breathe a word. “Was it Skull?” She heard him but she made no response. “Or was it Iris? I’ve never seen her since you two disappeared.”
Her heart beat wildly on her chest and was about to tell the truth but Chase simpered. “What a foolish thought. Of course she would never do something like that, would she?” Sofia found herself shook her head. “Then who?”
“I-I-I never seen his face. It was covered with a hood.” Sofia lied. “I never seen Iris too.” She could not tell him. Not now. Chase draw out a breath of discomfort. He would never forgive who did that horrendous thing. Sofia gathered her skirt and hurriedly stand. She saw a significant edifice on a distant. It was hidden behind the thick branches of trees that only a keen eyes could see. She turned to Chase. “I saw something.” 
Chase looked to where Sofia points. “A tower?” He knitted his brow. Who would build a tower at the foot of the mountain that no one dares to get acquainted with? It was tricky. An urge to unfold the mystery behind the rock structure flowed on him. What if it holds the thing that they were searching for? He narrowed his eyes. A spark of curiosity could be seen on his handsome face. “On that tower we go.”
Sofia sneered. “That’s what I’m thinking.” 
They hurriedly started their way to the tower. A small lake rest afore the soaring bricked structure. Its verge was filled with vibrant flower that grows in abundance. A beautiful damsel glimpse from its opened window. Sofia saw her and the young lady hurriedly hide from her sight. “I saw someone up there.” Chase turned to her and looked at the opened window but saw no one. He smirked over the young woman on his side. Who would desire to live on that spooky tower? They circled the lake into the tower and finds that there was no way in. Sofia frowned. Is there a tower without a passage? Besides, she definitely saw a lady a while ago. 
Chase was searching something on the wall. “There should be something here.” Sofia found a strange looking rock attached to the wall. It was rounded and sable. 
“Was this the one you’re looking for?” She pointed the rock on the wall. Chase paused and count on something. There are things only warlock knew somehow. Sofia raised a brow as he watched the young man prodded a usual, ordinary brick that made up the tower. The brick sank into the wall followed by a deep, rumbling sound. A door burst open as the bricks sank and split into halves, unfolding a dark, narrow passage. They exchange glances and went inside. The passage leads them into a tiny chamber at the top of the tower. Chase unbolted the knob. A young woman that Sofia had seen before leapt out of the bed and suddenly smiled seeing the young man. Short, light tanned hair traced the corners of the young woman’s face. Her eyes were coal black and wonderful.
“Are you here to save me?” The lady asked him with a smile. She wore a beautiful cornflower blue dress that falls down to her feet. An exquisite golden choker was worn around her neck. Sofia put her hood on and hid behind Chase. The girl was way too beautiful compared to her that had almost worn out. She was a living Rapunzel, Sofia thought. Just got a twist with its short hair. 
Chase made no response. It would be rude if he shook his head. The simplest course of action would be to say nothing. The young lady spoke again. “I’m a Hesperian princess that was locked here for a long time. My name was Asmaria Catharine vi Hesperia.” She draw near the tall, striking young man before her eyes. “You might be the prince I am waiting for to save me from this tower.” Asmaria went to embrace him but Chase took a step away, bumping into Sofia who made no sound. 
Chase sarcastically smiled. He might be a prince but there was something to consider. “I’m afraid there’s no need for that,” he remarked and pulled Sofia to his side. Sofia gasped and lowered her gaze as the young woman knit its brow. “I’ve already found my princess.” He smiled, putting his arms over her shoulders. Sofia silently blushed. 
Asmaria chuckled. “Oh dear. If only you meet me before her,” she said. She really admired his good looks and it was such a disappointment that someone had already claimed his heart. She sighed. “Well, what else can I do? Maybe I should find my prince out of this mountains.”
He smiled, looking down at Sofia. “I think we should leave,” he declared and turned to the door. Asmaria followed them in a swift motion. Sofia let the princess walked before her. Asmaria smiled and hurriedly took the way down. 
Sofia turned to the princess and asked, “Who locked you up here?” She saw Asmaria slightly quivered that made her knit her brow.
“U-Ugh…” Asmaria stammered. She could feel the choker tightened on her neck. “I-I… Ugh. I apologized I couldn’t tell you. I just can’t.” She lowered her gaze. Silence took place. What the princess had said put Sofia on deep thought. 
They were in the midst of the passage when Asmaria began to spoke. “What brought you into this Dark Fall Mountains? You’re the first being I’ve seen ever since, aside from the birds, the butterflies on the lake...and — …” The princess hesitated but managed to smile.
Sofia took the pleasure of answering into the princess’ inquiries. “We’re on search of something.” Asmaria frowned. “A book. An ancient book,” Sofia expounded. 
Asmaria nodded. “I’ve never seen any book on my chamber. I grew up on this tower but never seen any either.” A memory of her childhood flashed on her mind. The princess suddenly gasped and exclaimed, “I remember something. This tower has a labyrinth that leads to a crypt. I saw it when I was a child. I can take you there.”
Chase turned to face the princess. “How can we trust you?” He gazed on the young lady. It was hard to trust on a stranger. They have met many creatures that was innocent enough to deceive them but they did in the end.
Asmaria halted and stared back at him. “I put my life on every words I say, Mister.” She dared him. “You can kill me if you find me a fraud.” Sofia was convinced and throw a meaningful glance on Chase. He sighed. Sofia smiled on victory and said, “Alright then. Lead the way, princess.” Chase smirked. He could not believe the fortitude that this young woman have. A bravery that had stolen his heart. 

CHAPTER XIV:   INTO THE CRYPT

The Princess of Hesperia led them into a narrow opening at the base of the tower. The opening leads into an unsettling, ancient orbicular hall. It was dark inside but the torches alit the moment they set foot. Ancient writings was engraved on the floor that extends through its walls. Five pillars of gold stood on its center that glimmers on the light of the torches. Excellent carvings could be seen upon its ceilings. On the heart of the hall rest a tiny gem, shaped like a pyramid. It was translucent and quite insignificant. Might be just a mere decoration. They surveyed the place but there was no book, not even a page of it to be found. Asmaria sighed at the thought that leading them was just a fiasco. She turned her back to leave. Maybe she would just wait outside since she had nothing to do with the matter. 
Sofia narrowed her eyes as she stared on the wall. The place was somewhat familiar. It feels like she had seen it before on one of her childhood visions. She went near into the pillars of gold. The gem on the floor suddenly glistened. Sofia blinked her eyes and gazed down the jewel. Wasn’t it weird to put a gem on the center of an eerie hall without a purpose? A vision abruptly flashed. She saw a dainty hand twisted the gem and the vision vanished in nothing. Sofia wrinkled her brows. There was something peculiar on the stone. A combination might be. As days slips into weeks. Still there are months to leap. A rhyme echoed on her ears. She heard of it before. Chase went near Sofia. His hands touching the tip of his chin. They were both in a deep thought. Asmaria watched them with a wondering look.

“So the Fall came as the summer passes by,
A mighty sparrow soars up in the sky.
As days slips into weeks,
Still there are months to leap.
Shed no fear not even a tear,
For the pyramid stood yet on the desert's rear.
In the battle foreseen, in no doubt you must win…"

Chase heard Sofia spoke a rhyme. It was odd for her to recite a childish rhyme at times of confusion like the one they had. He sighed and asked, “What was those? A rhyme?” 
Sofia nod. “It just flashed on my head. I heard a woman’s voice deliver such phrases to me.” She turned to look up at him. “Odd isn’t it?” She turned her look back at the gem.
“Will you recite it again?” Chase said. There must be something useful from that phrases, he thought. Sofia made a face. She cannot barely recall what she had said but managed to put things together somehow. Chase suddenly thought of something. “The fall came as the summer passes by… could it be that it denotes the Dark Fall Mountains?” He paused and continued. “For the pyramid thing, that jewel was shaped like a pyramid after all.” He laughed at his own predicament. He was completely blank. His mind does not seem to work well.
She suddenly glanced at him. Why not? “You must be right,” Sofia said. “It was no rhyme. It was a prophecy of your world.” Chase gazed down on her. “I saw a hand that twisted the pyramid but…” She paused, lifting her head to meet his gaze. “I-I don’t know how. I never knew the pattern.”
“Going back to the rhyme or to the prophecy perhaps,” he suggested. Chase bent his knees so he could see Sofia wide and clear. Maybe she could wake his inactive mind. He suddenly smiled as he stares upon the young woman. Sofia caught him and scowled. He put his impassive smile again and turned his look away. He could stare at her for days. Seven days a week. Seven? It was a number right? As days slips into weeks, still there are months to leap. Seven days a week. Twelve months a year. 
“Try seven or twelve,” Chase murmured. “Try seven first.”
Sofia had a doubt but she still obeyed. “Where to? Right or left?” Chase came to a halt and suddenly raised his left hand but shifted to his right after a sec. Sofia shook her head, winding the gem to her right. The ground shakes and roars as she twists the gem. She turned to the man on his side who smiled with cleverness. The ground produced a gap on the ground just beside the gem. She continued twisting seven counts to her right and twelve to her left. The gap grow bigger and wider with every twists on the jewel. Sofia stopped at the last count but the gap was not fully accessible. Just a few twist remain and it will be unlocked. She let go of the stone and the gap closed again. The two sighed in unison.
Chase run a hand on the strands of hair that fell over his face. He grabbed some lace on her dress. Sofia throw a grimaced look on him. He just smirked and tied his hair. Sofia blushed seeing how he look. Cute, with a ponytail on top of his head. He look like tame lamb. She turned her look away and said nothing. “For the pyramid stood yet on the desert's rear.” She heard him said. Sofia think of the pyramid. What about the pyramid? Rhombus. Pentagon. Octagon. Sofia sighed. Their nothing but shapes with sides. Sides? Three!? “Pyramid has three!” She exclaimed and started back in unlocking the gap. The ground trembles and ends with a deafening thud. She released the gem but it never close down. Asmaria went near them on wide eyes. Chase smiled and patted the head of Sofia. There were stairs leading underneath the ground. He took a step inside but Sofia took hold of his arm.
“We don’t know what lies in there,” Sofia said. Asmaria nod in agreement.
Chase set a comforting smile. “We would never know if we just stood here waiting for nothing.” He took her hands away and touched her face. “Wait me here then.” 
Sofia shook her head. “I will come with you.” She clung to his side, leaving Asmaria behind. The princess watched in puzzlement. They leave her behind? She looked around and feel a sudden chill on her spine. She called for Sofia.
“Do you want me to come?” Asmaria asked, clustering her skirt. 
Sofia turned back and smiled. “Do what you please, princess.” 
Asmaria hurriedly went with them. The path was dark and was made of earthen wall. Cold wind blew from which the path ends, bringing sudden creeps to their senses. They soon came into an earthen chamber with torches that lights up the whole place. It was huge with a significant dining table that was big enough to cater twenty guests and above. Tempting dishes was laid over it. Varieties of fruits lies at the center with a lighted candelabra. The dishes seemed to be appetizing and delicious with bread, cheese and all kinds of desserts. Sofia suddenly gasped. On the edge of the table sits a horrifying creature. It was in shaped of a human, green-skinned and was lanky with long arms and bare head. One thing she noticed, the creature have no eyes. It was definitely dreadful and ugly. The creature suddenly moved that made Asmaria screamed. It raised its hands high above so they can see an eye that lies over its very palm. The creature was a one-eyed monster — a Cyclops. Sofia noticed the golden vault on the wall above the creature’s head. The vault might holds the Archmage’s Script. 
They heard the Cyclops snorted. It was in a deep sleep. Without a sound, the three entered the earthen chamber. Sofia draw closer to the vault. She was just an inch away from the vault when the Cyclops snorted again. She halted in surprised and looked back. Chase took hold of the steel on his back that could be drawn in no time. Asmaria on the other hand was about to touch the grapes on the table when Sofia caught her. Sofia shook her head, alarmed. It was a bait. “Don’t touch anything,” she mimed to Asmaria. The princess nodded and smiled mischievously, putting its hands behind. Sofia draw a breath and continued. She had opened the vault. An ancient black book had been kept inside. She was about to reached for the book when the eye suddenly circled and gazed on her. Her eyes widened when the Cyclops had been awakened. Sofia flinched when its bony hands tried to take a grip on her. Chase draw out his sword.
She turned to Asmaria. “Did you touched anything?”
Asmaria gulped and set a wry smile on its face. “I… Ugh. I think I did. But just one.” 
Sofia glared over the princess. “I told you not to! It’s a bait!” The Cyclops stand as soon as its eye had been placed on its forehead and chased after Sofia. The once savory dishes slowly rots down. Worms appeared on the fruits and molds began to develop on the loaves of bread and cheese. Asmaria almost throw up, thinking that she ate a rotten grape. The creature grab the princess’ wrist from across the table but soon manage to free herself with a shriek. Sofia tried to get hold of the book but her arms were caught by the one-eyed monster, lifting her and pitched her out of the chamber. Chase tried to catch Sofia but he was way too far and had stumbled down with her instead, right into the passageway and out the earthen chamber. They were both groaning in pain as they stand back to their feet. Sofia noticed the invisible barrier that hold her back when she tried to enter the chamber once more. 
“What are we gonna do now?” Sofia asked worriedly. “Asmaria was still there.”
Chase smirked as he get rid of the dirt on his cape and suddenly touched his forehead. A droplet of blood runs down his face. He got a bruise on his forehead. Sofia landed on him and some stone fell from the wall. He wiped away the blood and gazed on the barrier. “All we can do is to count on that lady.” Chase sighed and added, “It was her fault after all.” 
Asmaria stumbled and bumped on the wall as she tried to avoid the creature’s grip. It runs after her from every corners of the chamber. Why was she the one left behind? She had nothing to do with the book! Though she admit, she was the one that had waken the sleeping monster. And she was very sorry for what she did. She turned to Sofia who was trying its best to get in. Sofia gazed at her and gestured something, pointing to the golden vault. The book. It might be the only way out. Asmaria screamed as she ducked, rolled and tripped just to get near the vault. A gleaming knife was on the edge of the table and the princess took hold of it in a flash of lightning. She reached for the book and embraced it tightly to her chest. The moment she turned her back to leave, the monster was just an inch away from her with its threatening eye. Asmaria thrust the knife onwards as she closed her eyes with a sharp squealed. There came the silence. The monster sank down to the ground. Asmaria laughed in victory as she saw the knife pierced the monster’s eye through its very skull. Sofia applauded in awed to the princess. The man beside her smirked. Asmaria give her final kicked to the Cyclops and hurriedly went near them. 
“Look out!” Sofia suddenly exclaimed as she saw the monster grabbed the princess’ foot and tripped. Asmaria screamed in fright and kicked away the bony hands on her feet. The princess crawled out of the chamber, extending her arms towards them. The barrier disappeared and Sofia took a gripped on the princess’ hand. Chase pulled her out before the Cyclops could take hold of her feet again. Asmaria pants for breathe as she leaned her back on the earthen wall. Cracks begun to emerge from the wall one after another. They heard rambling sounds and trembling of the ground. 
“We should leave,” Chase announced. They ran back to the stairs as the Cyclops run after them trying to claim back his possession. Asmaria handed the book to Sofia and clustered her skirt. They took the earthen stairs back to the crypt. The gap closed down after the princess who came out last. Asmaria patted her chest as she gasp for air. “I-I-I would never wished to do that again,” the princess remarked.
Chase smiled coyly. “We’re just about to begin.” Sofia chuckled and turned to the book on her hands. The Archmage’s Seal was engraved on its surface. It was certainly the book that they were looking for. A golden chain binds the script together with a strange lock fastened to it. The lock itself has no opening for the key. Suddenly, a deafening sound echoed the crypt. Rocks fell from the ceilings of the hall. The tower would collapsed in no time. 
“I-I think we — ...” Asmaria hanged her words when Sofia dragged her out of the hall. Chase led them out of the labyrinth and out the tower before it began to collapse into pieces. They stood by the lake, watching the mighty tower sank down into the ground before them and started to turn into dust particles until it vanished into nothingness. Sofia let out a sigh of relief, seeing that they were still alive. Asmaria suddenly screamed. The two startled and looked around for possible threat until they found none.
Chase sneered and shook his head. Another psycho perhaps. Sofia glared to Asmaria and asked, “What was that for?” 
Asmaria smiled and replied, “An aftershock?” The two exchanged glances and smiled to themselves. It might that horrible to be locked up in the castle. Horrible enough to cause slight mental impairment. Asmaria suddenly laughed and said, “Hey! I was just kidding. I knew that look.” The two woman chuckled.
Tristan hurriedly run to meet Sofia upon seeing them came out of the forest and into the clearing. It was almost dark and a fire was made. “Are you alright?” Tristan asked Sofia. The young woman smiled and nodded. Chase laid in silence. Soon came Raven and embraced Sofia tightly. Sofia patted the child’s head and smiled. The boy turned to his master and hugged him too. Chase scoffed and finally smiled in silence.
“We’re really worried about you folks,” Tristan started. “You’re gone for hours.” The two made no response. They were too tired and weary of the things that just happened for that certain time. Tristan sighed and said, “We looked all over the area for you but we never find even a shadow of you or Iris.” The young man lifted his hand with a dagger filled with blood. “We found this by the stream instead. We thought someone might be terribly hurt that had bothered us even more.” 
Chase narrowed his eyes. He knew that dagger. It belongs to Iris. He looked down on Sofia with a probing look. Sofia slightly quivered seeing the dagger. Chase began to spoke in a fretful tone, “Speak.” He knew Sofia was hiding something. The young woman looked into his eyes, teary-eyed. She knew Chase was upset and displeased of her lies.
“Ugh. U-Ugh…” Sofia stammered. Tristan knitted his brow. What could be this two were saying about? Sofia bit her lips and crumpled her skirt. She still could not say it.
“It was Iris who tried to kill you, right?” Chase asked, enraged. His voice was subtle yet harsh. Sofia nodded and hold back her tears. “Why didn’t you tell me the truth earlier?”
Tristan noticed the blood stained on Sofia’s chest and widened his eyes. He could not believe that Iris did something like that. She was a kind, gentle girl. What made her do that? Jealousy. Tristan gritted his teeth and shook his head. Sofia began to speak, “I didn’t tell you because you would hate her and… besides she was just blinded by the love she had for you.”
Chase scoffed. Stupid girl. He clenched his fist and walked away without a word. He could not face her now. Sofia tried to stop him but Raven caught her hands and shook its head. “Let him be alone. He will come back if he wants to.”
Asmaria popped out of Sofia’s back, worried. Tristan noticed her and frowned. She smile and wave a hand to the young man. He might be that knight’s friend. He was also good-looking that made Asmaria smiled to herself. Sofia sighed deeply and sat above a large stone. Raven sat beside her and saw the book on her hand. The boy gasped, wide-eyed. “The Archmage’s Script??”
Sofia nodded and forcibly smile. “We found a strange-looking tower in the heart of the forest. The book was kept on the crypt and was guarded by a one-eyed creature.” Raven quivered hearing her story. She decided not to tell the whole thing. 
“Asmaria,” the princess introduced herself to the young man. “Princess Asmaria Catharine of Hesperia,” she added and slightly bowed her head. 
Tristan smiled faintly. He was in no mood for courtesy. “Tristan,” he said curtly. Asmaria nodded knowledgeably. He was definitely like his friend but she was still interested over him. Maybe he was her prince. Who knows? 
The night fleets rapidly under the moonlight. They decided to travel back to Pendragon with Princess Asmaria. Old Claw might have an idea how to unlock the script. With the book, there stood a chance and that hope dwells brightly on their hearts as they traversed the path back. The sudden disappearance and treachery of their friend Iris might have brought grief to their hearts but they were somehow gladdened with the new acquaintance that journeyed with them back to the warlock’s lair. 

CHAPTER XV:   DARKNESS THROUGH LIGHT

After a week of journey, they were now halfway to the town of Safehaven that could be seen on the distance. They had traveled through the woods and avoided the towns of Livingstone and Winterfield where the plague and famine swiped all over the place. Hesperian soldiers were looking for rebels, potential revolt and threat over Hesperia. The people suffered in great hunger and fear over the Hesperian soldiers. Those people that were accused as rebels were hanged to death. Asmaria seen all those things and it made her reckoned that there were much horrible place than the tower itself. Asmaria was somewhat uplift by the thought that there was still a beautiful town on the Kingdom of Lynabria so as Raven told her of Pendragon. The princess suddenly wonder how her people in Hesperia was. Her eyes turned gloom. That person had grown wicked. If only she could tell everything. The knowledge she knew might be useful but at this rate, all she could do was wait and hope that fate would favor them more in the end. 
The mockingbird sang as they passed through the forest. Everything was still and calm but not Sofia. She was thinking about many things: Iris, the book, the lock, Pendragon and him, Chase. She had never seen him after that night so it counts as week. Tristan went near her side. “You’re thinking about him?” Sofia remained in silence. “Do you love him?”
Sofia smiled. “I… Ugh. Perhaps.” 
Tristan nodded. Now it was said. He knew it ever since. He stands no chance against that guy. “That man… He’s a fool.” Sofia turned to Tristan who suddenly smiled. “He’s an arrogant fool but you changed him. He never care about anybody around him. To acquire knowledge and skills for his own purposes, that’s what I’ve known of him. Chase… he’s a very mysterious man.”
“But he was your friend,” Sofia said. 
Tristan simpered. “Indeed.” The young man turned to her, “Don’t worry anymore. I know he’s just around. He wouldn’t leave you. That’s for sure.” Sofia just smiled and said nothing. 
Asmaria, by chance, took a glance on the way where they came from. She saw something glistened and gasped. It was sharp arrows and lots of them, moving to their direction. “Arrows!?!” Asmaria screamed. The princess was not sure if she wants to ask about arrows or want to warn about them. It was just few paces from them and avoiding those was not possible. A moment later, the arrows came to a halt before it had pierced their flesh. Chase appeared before them in speckles of carmine dust. The arrows fell to his feet. They were not in the Dark Fall Mountain anymore. He could now use his magic.
The Hordes of Darkness appeared on the distant, drawing close to the spot where they lay frozen with fright. They hold scythes and black banners on their hands. A skull was depicted on it. Dark Shadows emerges on their aids. Chase smirked. It was going to be a hell of a fight. He turned to Tristan. “Get them out of here.” Raven shifted on his beastly form and lifted the princess into his back. Sofia hesitated to leave the young man behind but Tristan took hold of her hand and immediately leave. Chase took a deep breath and unsheathed the sword on his back. An insolent smile drawn on his face. It was quite a long time since he had fought with a large Horde. He unbind the spell that Kali put on him and prepared himself for a serious duel. He was so tired of hiding his presence from that brainless Skull. Besides, he got someone to protect now.


***


A wicked laughter echoed the palace. “Well, well… This was getting wonderful. An Etherian Prince was alive perhaps.” Now that the princess had been freed and the Hunter had unlocked the crypt in quest of the book, it was the time to make a delightful gift for them. The hooded figure stepped out of the golden throne and headed to the Potion Chamber. The glittering cape trailed after the figure. Snow appeared and followed her master.
“What now?” The figure asked, looking over its shoulder with a grimaced look.
“The rebels were now on their way here,” Snow stated, kneeling before her master. “The people on the other hand, immediately leave to the Far South in fear of the war. Only few chose to stay behind.”
The hooded figure nodded. “What else to expect?” 
Snow lifted her head. “What are we gonna do with the girl?”
A foreboding smile flashed on its lips. “She play a significant role on my victory,” came the reply. The figure vanished through the door. Snow nodded and departed the palace. Her master was into something brilliant again. Soon the world will bow before them and she cannot wait for it. 


***


Sofia could not restrain herself from worrying. The Hordes of Darkness were too many for him. Was the book that important that the Darkness do everything to get hold of it? She tightened her grip upon the book. Things were going to be tougher now and she does not know if she could hold on that longer. They had passed the town of Safehaven in swift paces and into the barrier they went. Pendragon had never changed since the day they left except for one thing — its people. They were into something. Magic potions seemed to be the most sought-after item on every merchant in town. Wizards and witches might be in some kind of war too. 
Claw was much delighted seeing them walked into the Old Wizard’s dwelling and was suddenly bothered hearing that they had been threatened by the Horde. Skull was now on the prowl, the Old Wizard thought. Sofia handed the book to the wizard and inquired about the strange lock. Claw directed them into the Archive Hall.
“It was a strange thing,” Claw announced. “I could feel the powerful spell on the chain that binds this script.” He had tried several spells but none had prevail. The Old Wizard let out a sigh and hurriedly gathered all the ancient books on the ledge. He was into something when he halted. “Where’s Iris? Is she with that boy?”
They exchanged meaningful glances with each other. Sofia lowered her gaze and remain silent. “She was not with Chase,” Tristan replied. “She had turned herself against us.” Claw wrinkled its brow in disbelief. How could his faithful apprentice turned against her own kind? Tristan looked at the Old Wizard for a moment and said, “She tried to kill Sofia with her own dagger.”
The Old Wizard shook his head. “I can’t believe Iris would do such thing.” Everyone kept their silence. What was that girl thinking? Claw sighed. He glanced over Sofia and nodded knowingly. Love is such a treacherous mechanism. Asmaria glimpsed on the open door of the hall. Claw turned to the unknown presence, alarmed. The princess laid stoned seeing the look on the Old Wizard. Sofia noticed Claw. 
“She was Asmaria, Princess of Hesperia,” Sofia introduced. “She was lock in the tower where the book was hidden.” Claw nodded in deep thought. A Hesperian princess that was lock inside the tower with the book hidden on it. Tricky. Only the Bluebloods of Lynabria knows where the book was. How could be a Hesperian blood known of the place? 
Claw touched the tip of his long, white beard and smiled. Iris might have disappeared but somehow a new acquaintance have turned up. “Welcome to my humble house, Princess.” Asmaria smiled in response. “What a terrible thing you had become. Who had locked you up on that tower?” 
The princess was about to say something when the young woman hesitated and replied, “Someone you know.” Asmaria felt the tightening of the choker. Claw saw the peculiar thing and narrowed his eyes. An ancient Dark Art, perhaps. He could feel the black curse that the jewel holds. 
“It seems I knew who that was,” the Old Wizard said. “He doesn’t want you to tell all the knowledge you have. Am I right, princess? The jewel on your neck. One mistake and your life would be lost. I’m afraid it‘s just death that would free you.” 
Sofia glanced back at the princess. She never thought that jewel would be that cruel, or was it the one that had put that thing on her? Whoever it was, he might be a powerful warlock. A name flashed on her thought. Could it be Skull? Her heart beats faster than normal. If what she presumed was true, her life too would be on the risk. Skull was after her trail and the book. Was it really her destiny to die like what her vision foretells? She would face a terrible being without knowing how to win? Raven suddenly growled on her side that put her back into her senses. Sofia gazed down over the beast and smiled. 
Scent of roses filled the breeze accompanied by the sudden appearance of a weary figure by the window. Chase took a tight grip of his sword and bent his knee, restraining himself from a sudden breakdown. His face were filled with specks of blood, not of his but of the enemies. Blood were drenching from his sword, an indication of a tough fight. Sofia hurriedly went near him for assistance and took hold of his shoulder. He turned to her and smiled faintly.
Sofia noticed the small cut on his face. The wound healed fast until the whole flesh had been restored, leaving not a single mark. She lay astounded but managed to conceal her awed. Chase turned to Claw and draw an insolent smile on his face. “You seemed to have a hard time, child.” Claw gazed at the young man. 
“I always have,” Chase said slyly and straighten himself. His strength were regained bit by bit. He wiped away the blood on the steel and sheathed the gleaming blade to his back with a sigh. Dozens of lives might be lose but the Hordes of Darkness would not stop until the whole world was ruled by them. 
Tristan cleared his throat and turned to Claw. “Where’s Flaire anyway?”
“I sent her to the Academy,” came the reply. “They might help us though I never expect much on them.”
“You were once their student. Why won’t they?” Tristan inquired with a probing look. 
Claw took a deep breathe. “Things were different now, since the day I left the Academy.” The Old One glanced at the book and went back on his search. There should be no time to be wasted. A fluttering of wings echoed the hall. It was Septh, the phoenix. Sofia draw a smile seeing the bird resting its talons on the sill. It screech in low-pitched, rubbing its beak with its sharp talons. Claw chuckled. “It looks like our company was growing.”
Sofia smiled. “It was Septh.” The bird flew over her shoulders. She chuckled. “I’m glad you found us.” Claw nodded. It was not an ordinary bird. The barrier sensed no dark presence on the creature that it let the bird passed through. Anyway, he turned back on his work… there was a lot of things to do. They soon departed, leaving the Old Wizard with the book. The phoenix flew out of the window with a soft squeaked. Sofia went upstairs to the room where she had slept before. She seemed so tired of all the things that she had went through. Asmaria went with Tristan to the town of Pendragon, Raven joined them. The princess was insisting of taking a walk over the town. It was her first encounter seeing a place crowded with fascinating individuals unlike what she usually saw upon the lofty tower. Chase, well, an aloof man like him always disappeared without a word. 
Silence echoed the room as Sofia entered, pushing the door open. The thought of getting hold of the lost book lightened up her senses. A blaze of hope against the enemy now dwell on her heart. She went near the window and swung it in twain. The cold breeze touches her skin. She let herself fell on the bed, staring aimlessly upon the ceilings. Sofia felt the weight on her lids and fell asleep. There came a vision.
A hooded figure appear in the darkness with a scepter on its hand, a skull-shaped one. Sofia quivered. She knew exactly who it was. It suddenly spoke. “How are you Hunter?” A wicked laughed followed. “Can you perceived me wide and clear? Oh, I knew you do… ” It draw near and near. Sofia trembled. “Do not worry, I won’t kill you. Not this time. I was just want to deliver something from someone you knew…” It fades and disappeared. Another vision flashed. A girl was chained with a metal ring on her feet. She was crying with her hands covering her face. Its face lifted and Sofia widened her eyes. Iris. The young woman were calling for her name and asking for her forgiveness. She was locked behind bars and her skin were filled with bruise. The vision perished and shifted back to the hooded figure. “Now… listen Hunter. If you want to save your friend, bring the book with you. I’ll be waiting for your presence here at my castle as early as possible. Never bring anyone with you or else I’ll immediately kill your friend.” The hooded figure turned away and vanished. An hourglass appeared with the sand dripping inside. Sofia heard a voice. “You should hurry. Time’s running out.” A shrill voice laughed wickedly. Sofia heard another voice. A familiar one calling for her name in the wilderness. She followed the voice and she was awakened. Sofia found herself lying on the floor. She might have fell down the bed. Suddenly, a figure appeared by the opened window. She hurdled back to the bed in fright. A scent of rose filled the room, she sighed in relief knowing that familiar smell. 
Chase raised a brow. “What?” He draw near her and sat on the edge of the bed. He was wearing a simple garb of white doublet and a waistcoat of the same color. His flaxen hair flows freely some inches above his shoulders. A simple young man with an elegant look. “You look pale,” he murmured.
Sofia smiled and sneered. “You had that habit of frightening me, right?” She shook her head. “You should not barge in on someone’s room without a notice you know,” she said straightening her feet. Her face was now regaining its color. “I can’t believe an ill-mannered prince like you existed.”
He smirked. “Ill-mannered what? I have forgot that title long time ago. We have lived as a commoner all our lives and besides… don’t you know this was my room?” Sofia turned to him, alarmed. Did she entered a different room? What was this man was talking about? She widened her eye. Could she possibly walked into his room? Every room looks the same that was hard to distinguish their differences. Sofia flushed in silence. Chase chuckled. “You’re being reckless. Since this was my room, I could do whatever I want to do.” He draw close to her. Sofia flinched away to one corner of the room, blushing. Chase smiled and suddenly vanished, appearing an inch away from her. His turquoise-blue eyes were gazing down on hers. He was tall enough that he needs to bend slightly for him to see her beautiful face, close that he could kiss her anytime. Sofia widened her eyes. Her heart beats widely on her chest. She could visibly see his handsome face. “I always wanted to do this,” he whispered. He was about to kiss her when Sofia closed her eyes in panic. She was always intimidated by him. He suddenly laughed seeing her reaction. She widened her eyes and saw his coy face. “I was just kidding,” he said and sat back to bed. 
Sofia tried to knock his head down but he avoided it, making her fell but Chase caught her wrist and pulled her into his arms. They fell together on the bed. Her lips landed on his. The thing she avoided had just happened when she less expect it. Sofia draw away from him. Chase chuckled. “You have guts to do that, don’t you?” She heard him said. Her face was reddened in shame. 
“I-I-I never did that on purpose,” she stammered, defending her innocence. “I would pretend that didn’t happen.” Sofia remembered what he told him before. Forget about it. She never forget that silly kiss. Chase gazed on her and reserved a space for her on his side. Sofia arced a brow. “What?”
He smiled and swayed his finger. Her body moved on its own and sat beside the young man. Sofia tried to stand but her body create no motion. “What do you think you’re doing?” Sofia inquired fretfully.  Chase leaned his head over her shoulder. 
“Let me stay by your side just for a while,” he whispered, closing his eyes. His voice was calm and natural. She could feel the sincerity on it. A moment later, she regained control of herself but she choose to stay by his side. Chase smiled. “Why…? Why didn’t you move away?”
“Why should I?” She asked back. “You wouldn’t do anything foolish, do you?” Chase smiled but said nothing. He enjoy her company, her absurdity, her childlike attitude… If only they could stay just like that for the rest of their lives. Sofia wanted to tell him about her vision but she hesitated. She had been too dependent on him. This time, it was for her to face alone. She closed her eyes and leaned into him. His hand reached for hers and caressed it softly. 

CHAPTER XVI:   ADVENT EXTREMITY

Sofia had been awakened and noticed a blanket wrapped around her. Chase was gone. She looked around but there was no shadow of him. She straightened herself and raised a quizzical brow upon the thing that had caught her attention. A beautiful red rose was laid on her side. Sofia smiled and reached for the flower. Its fragrance reminds her of that silly person. She turned her gaze over the opened window. The sun was now setting over the horizon with its rays passing through the curtain. Sofia narrowed her eyes and leaped out of the bed, placing the rose on her braided hair.

***


A wonderful scent filled the Potion Chamber. A wicked, satisfying smile glimpse upon a curvaceous lips. The hooded figure called upon her servant. Snow appeared out of the dark. Skull lifted the seed out of the glass cylinder and placed it on her palm. She dipped her finger into the potion pot. A drop of the liquid potion made the seed grow into a beautiful bud of some kind of flower. It was golden in color and was glittering. It grows without a soil leaving the roots bare on her palm. “Now… now… what a beautiful creature you are.” Skull laughed wickedly. She put the flower on the messy table beside her, filled with magical essences and ancient books of spells, lifting another seed into her palm. She had made a dozen of golden floras with its glittering buds. The flower grow continuously. Its bud was now as huge as the human fist and still, it continued to enlarge. Skull turned to Snow. “My darlings need an ample space,” the hooded figure said. “Plant them all over the Kingdom. They need plenty of air to breathe.” Snow nodded and summoned her own servants. Hooded men appeared and gathered all the golden buds then vanished in the thin air. 
Snow spoke with her master. “The legion of rebels were now a mile away from the fortress. The soldiers were on their post now. What else do you want me to do?” Her voice were somewhat troubled.
Skull chuckled. “Why are you bothered with those useless beings? Do you think their blunted steel could kill me?” She tightened her gripped on the scepter on her hand, glaring on Snow. The servant lowered her gaze and said, “No, Her Ladyship.” Skull left the Potion Chamber and into the throne she went. Her servant trailed on her. Skull draw a breath and said, “Create a barrier surrounding the castle.” Snow was about to leave when the hooded figure spoke again. “Make sure it was a worthy one, Snow.” The servant nodded and vanished.


***


The door burst open followed by a dashing footsteps. Flaire Blaze made her way into the Old Wizard’s house. She went directly to the Archive Hall where Claw had been working. The Old Wizard was in seek of something when she barged in. “Skull made a barrier around the fortress,” she announced. “Aside from that, weird flower suddenly appeared on the midair.” She shook her head, resting a hand over her waist. Claw does not seem to hear what she had said. “What are you looking for, Master?” Flaire inquired. The room was in great mess. Books, parcels, pens and dirty socks? Flaire chuckled. Her master was really getting old.
Claw sighed and replied, “I might have misplaced the book.” 
Flaire knitted her brow. “One of your ancient books?” she asked.
The Old Wizard shook his head and pulled the drawers one by one. “The Archmage’s Book.” He flipped the book overhead.
“The Archmage’s what??” The young woman suddenly widened her eyes. Could it be? Did they found the book? Flaire laid astounded until someone opened the door on her back. She turned around and saw a familiar face. Chase? Flaire hurriedly clung to his side, batting her eyelashes. The young man does not seem to mind her and went near the Old Wizard. He raised his brow seeing the room. Flaire spoke on his side, “You already found the book? Master had been looking for it. He might have put it somewhere.” The young woman scratched the back of her head and paused. “Where’s Sofia anyway?”
“That’s the reason why I’m here,” he replied. “I went to her room but she wasn’t there. I thought she was here.” Claw turned to him, alarmed. Chase noticed the sudden look on the Old Wizard’s eyes. “Don’t tell me …” He narrowed his eyes. Sofia might have took the book and leave without a word. She might have seen a vision that interests the book. He remember the pale look on her face when he visited her yesterday but she never breathe a word about anything. He hurriedly leave the place. Flaire scowled. “What is going on?”
Asmaria and Tristan entered the house. Chase went passed them and suddenly halted. “Have you seen Sofia?” he asked. The princess looked at him for a moment and said, “Ugh. Nope.” She bat her eyelashes with a knitted brow. Tristan shook his head and asked, “Why? Are you not with her?” Raven suddenly dashed in. The boy stopped by, raising a quizzical brow and inquired, “What?” Chase sighed and clenched his fist. This is no good. That stupid lass. He made a dart for the door in seek of the lost maiden. He used the perception spell to find her presence. The gem on his ear sparkled and a vision flashed. Chase saw the crowded town of Pendragon but Sofia was not there. Not even in the forest. He unfurled the vision on his thought and moved further into the woods, mountains and at last! He saw a vision of a girl riding on a cob with the book on her hand. She was heading to the Dark Fall Mountain all by herself. No. To the palace itself. His vision faded followed by a prickly, burning sensation on his forehead. Every spell cast cost something in return. Chase made his disappearance. 


***


A hand grabbed the harness from her grip, charging the horse into a halt. Sofia turned around and saw Chase behind her. She sighed. How did he found her that easily? “I demand an explanation,” he said to her with a stern look on his face. He seemed so upset. Sofia turned her look away.
“I’ve seen Iris. She was locked up on the castle,” she confided. Sofia gazed on him. “She needs my help.” She could not allow a friend to die. Even though the young lady had threatened her life, Iris admitted her guilt. Anyway, she was still alive after all. Chase sneered and shook his head.
“You had been so sympathetic. She tried to kill you, remember?” He gazed upon her and narrowed his eyes. If he was to wear her shoe, he would do the same. “All right then, I’m coming with you. You cannot wander around all by yourself.” He poked her forehead. “Silly girl.” 
Sofia made a face and touched her forehead. “But I am afraid you can’t come with me. Skull will kill her. I should face them alone.” She raised the bow on her shoulder. “I have these, anyway.” He poked her forehead again.
“Fool,” he murmured. “Do you think that thing could protect you? You don’t know exactly who you’re dealing with.” He yanked the horse and continued on their course. Sofia protested. Chase zipped her lips together with the motion of his finger. Sofia glared at him. He just smirked and smiled silently. He somewhat knew that this was going to happen sooner or later. “I’ll just have to hide my presence from that brainless creature.” He began to disappear. Sofia took hold of the leash. 
They took the alternate route to the castle. It was rocky and stiff but the cob was strong enough to traverse the path. They had passed a legion of armed men, thousands of them heading to the fortress.  The men wore gleaming armors and swords hanged on their waist. Most of them travelled on foot. “Rebels,” a voice behind her whispered. Some of men carry an ensign on their hands. They might have come from different kingdoms that formed the rebellion against Hesperia. Sofia widened her eyes. It seems that the prophecy had begun. The terrible battle, the men that that turned to ashes and her death? She suddenly quivered. The two had soon reached the frontier. The palace stands just a distance from them. Soldiers were surrounding the whole fortress. 
“There was a barrier that protects the castle.” He appeared by her side and dismounted the horse. Sofia turned to the towering palace. It was as beautiful as the Etherian Castle but she could not see any barrier. It was invisible of course. Sofia sighed, a vision of a Hunter is far more different than that of warlocks. Chase lifted her off the horse that made her face reddened. She gathered her skirt together. He suddenly noticed the bruise on her knee. Sofia noticed him and laughed by the thought of her stupidity. “Oww… this one?” she patted her knee gently. “You know I’ve never ride a horse before on my own. So, ahmn… It takes something like this to — …” He was about to healed her when she flinched away. Chase stared at her, puzzled. Sofia shook her head. If he healed her, she would be cured but he was the one to suffer in return. “My pain is mine alone. You can injure yourself too if you’re jealous of my wound.” 
Chase simpered and gazed on her. “You’re quite an interesting girl.” Sofia set a candid smile but kept her silence. She was about to go when he held her wrist. “Don’t do anything foolish,” he murmured. “I’ll follow you behind.” Sofia nodded and he began to vanish in speckles of sparkling red dust. Sofia made her way through the fortress. The soldiers approached her, blocking the entry with their sharp spears. “I have to see your Master,” Sofia scowled. 
Snow appeared before them. “Let the girl pass.” Sofia tightened her gripped upon the book. Snow sneered and led her the way. 
The castle produces a petrifying atmosphere to her senses, making her shiver down to her spine. However, the thought that he was with her all along calmed her pounding heart. They soon reached the way into the palace. The door swung open before them. Candlelight welcomes them with its glorious radiance that filled up the entrance hall. Dazzling chandeliers hanged upon the ceiling. A throne of gold was place at the center of the hall, resting over the raised podium in between two pillars. A carpet of gold was laid beneath it with soft cushions of red. Banner of black hanged upon the wall with a portrayed of skull. Sofia narrowed her eyes. A sudden jolt made her moved onwards until she stands before the golden throne. A hooded figure appeared by the throne. The figure removed the hood revealing a woman of splendor and beauty. She wore dazzling jewels of diamond on her ears. Her hair was pitched-black and was tied into a fashionable bun. The velvet dress trailed after her every step. Her curvaceous lips produced a smile upon seeing her presence. “You must be Sofia,” the woman said. Snow vanished and appeared behind the woman. 
Sofia laid in silence, gazing at the stranger on her face. The woman laughed and said, “I love those eyes of yours.” A dagger appeared on her hands. Sofia knitted her brow. “However, someone was prying over us.” The woman cast the dagger to her side that made Sofia gasped, wide-eyed. Chase. Drops of blood fell on the floor. The dagger seemed to be restrained by an unseen life form. A young man appeared beside Sofia with a dagger on his bleeding hand. Sofia turned at him with a worried look. Chase smirked and spun the dagger gracefully on his wounded hand then casting it back to the woman with unpredictable, swift movement. The woman was taken by surprised. She turned the dagger into dust before it had struck her eyes. Snow made poisoned pins out of the strands of her hair, alarmed. The woman laughed wickedly. “What a wonderful knight you were…” She noticed that the wound on his hand healed fast, leaving not a single scar. “…or should I say, a prince perhaps. So it was you then. The living Etherian Prince? What a wonderful Gift of Healing you have.” The woman set a feint smile and whispered to herself. I hate Etherian blood. How did he managed to slip into my trail and hid his presence for years? I had been too neglectful!
Chase set out a sardonic smile. “Where was your master witch?” 
The woman smirked and replied, “I’m afraid you were right in front of her.” Chase chuckled. Is this witch making fun of him? A scepter appeared on her hand. He was taken aback not by the scepter but by the mark on her hand. The man who killed her mother bore the same mark. He clenched his fist. He could feel his blood burning on his veins. Sofia was also stunned seeing the mark of the skull on the woman’s hand. That woman… she was Skull? All this time they were battling against an Eve? 
Skull laughed, echoing the castle. “I knew you’d be like that. Not everyone knows of this. Only my faithful servant sees me in my real form.” She continued to laugh. “A horrible wizard? The late King’s adviser? I’ve made them all to trick those foolish people.” The scenery around them changes. The dazzling chandeliers disappeared and the candlelight were replaced by flaming torches. The elegant hall had been turned into raging abyss. Everything had been just an illusion that had tricked their eyes. 
“So you’re a brainless witch after all,” Chase said with a scorn. He draw the sword from his back. Skull had been infuriated but managed to hold back her rage. The woman sighed and parked herself on the throne.  She let out a comforting smile on her lips. After she had killed the Hunter she would kill the Prince. The Archmages’ Script and the dagger will soon be hers. Two birds in one stone. Wonderful.
Sofia began to speak. “Where’s Iris?” 
Skull turned to her and replied, “Oh, your worthless friend that had failed me?” The witch shook her head. “I couldn’t believe you had risk your lives for her.” She gestured something with her finger. Hooded men appeared with Iris on their side. The young woman was filled with dark bruise all over her face. Her clothes were almost threadbare. Iris lifted her face and was surprised to see them.
“Sofia,” the young woman whispered. Tears run down her cheeks. “I’m glad you were alive. I’m sorry. I-I had been weak. Leave now! She will kill you!!” Iris cried and tried to escape from the hooded men. Skull laughed wickedly, gesturing her servants to leave. The shackle had been removed from the young woman’s feet. Iris run towards them but the ground sank before her. Sweltering lava could be seen beneath the ground. Fire suddenly ablaze from the cleft that made Iris flinched back in terror and slipped her feet, losing her balance. Sofia gasped and run towards the fault. Luckily, Iris had made use of a spell, making the vine emerge from the soil which she had grasped before she fell into the blazing hell. Sofia let out a sigh of relief. Chase pulled Sofia behind, away from the fault. 
Skull walked down the throne. “Now, prince…” she started. “I’ll give you an option. Leave the Hunter and save the girl? Or die together with them?” Iris began to slip from her gripped of the vine. The young woman tried to use another spell but her strength was not enough. Chase narrowed his eyes. Iris had been good to him and he never blamed the girl for loving him that much. But he was sorry that he could not love her back. 
“Save her,” Sofia said. “I’ll be fine. Trust me this time.”
Chase gazed down on her and shook his head. There might be another way but the vine would not last that long before he could think of a plan. Skull made an earthen bridge. It would be better to let the Hunter decide for herself. A wicked smile drawn from her lips. Sofia run towards the bridge. Chase tried to stop her but she had already crossed. Darn! That fool!
Iris saw Sofia and said, “What are you doing??! Get back! Stay away from that witch!” Skull gestured something and the vine had been cut into halves. Iris began to fall. Chase came to save her and took her out of the cleft before the fire sparked another blast. Iris turned to him, “You should’ve let me die.” 
Chase sneered. “Why do think I should do that?” He laid her down the ground. 
“I’m a traitor,” Iris replied and lowered her gaze. “You really loved her?” Chase simpered but he never breathe a word and turned his look upon Sofia. Though he never said anything, Iris could see how worried he was. She took a deep sigh and accepted her defeat. She felt pity for herself. Pathetic, Iris thought. The girl she had tried to kill had risked her life to save her. How cruel she must be!
Chase tried to follow Sofia but Snow had made a barrier to keep everyone out. The woman disappeared and tried to attack him from behind. He avoided the pins and draw a rose from his cloak. It flamed on his hands. He cast it over Snow with the burning petals surrounding her and went into an explosion by the snapped of his finger. 
Skull went near Sofia. “Hand me the book, Hunter.” Sofia flinched back. “Worry no more, dear. I won’t hurt you,” Skull added. 
“The rebels will soon find you,” Sofia said, hugging the book tightly on her arms. Skull laughed and said, “Look where we are Hunter. Do you think those filthy peasants would find me?” The witch vanished and appeared behind her. “Besides, they’re going to die soon.” A vision flashed. Sofia saw the golden flower on the midair. It grows larger and larger, huge like the height of a century-old tree. She saw the legion, the barrier was restraining them from entering the castle. The Palace Soldiers cast their swords towards the rebels. Dreadful Chimeras began to descend from nowhere and begun to attack the people. The terrible battle had begun. The Horde of Darkness had found the passage into the Hidden Valley. They had breached the barrier and attacked Pendragon. The flower begun to bloom and everyone die. The scent of the flower had killed them. Its fragrance was wonderful yet deadly. She saw the poor Lost Souls turned to dust for they cannot die. What was left for them was to perish and become part of the world. The prophecy vanished. Sofia felt the witch’s fingers began to crawl over her shoulders until it reached her throat. She heard Skull scoffed. Sofia tried to run but her hair had been seized by Skull, tugging her back with a wicked smile on its lips. “I see you want to play with me Hunter.” 
“Let her go!” Chase remarked, casting a spell on the barrier. Snow aroused from the dark flames caused by the explosion. She formed a sword out of the gleaming crystals on her hand. She was about to stabbed him from behind when Iris warned the young man. He rolled over and thrust the sword right into her heart. The image vanished and turned into dust. It was just an illusion. The real one appeared on his side. Snow cast out the poisoned pins on her nails and draw away like greased lightning. He managed to block all except one that hit his arm. Chase hurriedly pulled out the pin and slit the flesh, sucking out the venom before it destroyed him. He stripped a piece of cloth from his cloak and tied the wound.
Snow laughed. “How was that?” 
Chase gazed back at Sofia. Skull had taken away the book from her with a dagger on its hand. Sofia began to think of something and suddenly asked, “What else do you want from me?” Skull chuckled, putting the knife over her throat. She could not hide that somewhat she felt terrified about her life. But she should never surrender. Not until she had freed this world. 
“Don’t you know that only your blood could unlock the book?” came the reply. “The Hunter’s Blood.” Sofia shuddered. “Why do you think they had sent you to the human world? Because of the late King? No. Because it cost your life.” 
Sofia chuckled. “Well then, I accept defeat.” 
What? What was that girl saying? Chase narrowed his eyes. Accepting defeat means accepting her death. He kneeled down and wrote something on the ground. Snow arced a brow. The ground where she had been standing begin to turn into a deadly quicksand. Chase raised his sword, thrusting it not to the figure on his front but to the one on his back. Iris saw no one behind him until she saw drops of blood dripping from his sword. Snow had fooled him once but she could not fooled him twice. The figure on the quicksand was nothing but a fraud. Snow had been struck right into her chest. The dagger on her hand fell on the ground before it had been stabbed on him. She spit blood out of her lips and sank down. Chase draw his sword out on her chest. Snow was panting for breathe. He turned to the barrier. It was still there. Iris tried to stand but her legs seemed so numb. She turned around and noticed the poison pin on her thigh. One of the pin might have thrown at her without her knowledge. Snow smiled wickedly on her. Iris grimaced. A vine emerges from the ground and choked the witch to death. She pulled the pin and hid it on her back. 

CHAPTER XVII:   THE SCENT OF FLOWER TO THOSE WHO LIVE AND TO THOSE WHO DIE

“You can kill me now, if that’s what you want,” Sofia turned to the witch. She gazed into its eyes. Sofia set a comforting smile. Skull stared at her with puzzlement. She clasped the knife and aim it to her chest. “It was not your fault,” she find herself talking. She had seen a vision. The woman’s past. “You were just a victim. The people condemned your family of witchcraft. I’ve seen everything. The people killed your family, you were lucky you had escape…” Skull widened her eye. What is this girl talking? The witch felt her knees quivered. She began to remember the past that she had buried and bowed to forget. Faces. She had seen those faces. Faces of the people she had loved. Her mother, brother and the man who claimed her heart. Sofia continued, “You were not that wicked, Ellen.”
Skull flinched. Ellen. That name. That was her name. The Hunter was into her thoughts. The Gift of the Herald. “S-Stop…” she stammered. Her heart beats faster. She does not want to hear everything. She wants to forget.
“Your life was a happy one. You loved your little brother Henry very much. Your family loves you even… you’re not as beautiful as you are now.” Sofia felt pity towards Skull. She could not imagine that the beautiful woman was once a humped back, blind girl with an appalling look. “You were kind but the people were into your looks never in your heart. You wish… you wish to be beautiful. No man would ever fall for you… but you were wrong…”
“Stop!” Skull screamed, tears began to fall from her eyes. She covered her ears for her not to perceive what the girl was saying. The book fell to the ground. Sofia noticed how every word affects the woman. Loneliness and hatred, those are the things that she had seen on her soul. “What was his name? Lucas?” Sofia inquired. Skull laid frozen, hearing the name. “He never expect anything from you but your love. He loved you in spite of your looks, Ellen.” Sofia smiled. “He was a handsome man that every woman had been jealous of you… they had accused you of bewitching him. But you never did. The people began to loathe on you. Until… they want you to be dead. Not only you but also your family.” 
Skull clenched the dagger on her hand. “S-Stop…!”
Sofia sighed. “Lucas… he died protecting you from them.” Skull began to whimper. The past was too painful that she had breakdown. “You had escape but your family had suffered. You saw how they died in pain as the people had hanged them to death and burned their bodies. You saw everything but there’s nothing you can do.” Sofia felt her own tears escaping from her lids. The vision was somber that had taken her heart. “You bowed to destroy them. You practiced the real witchcraft and cursed your town with plague that had killed everyone. Revenge. You had your revenge but evil had taken your soul. Then… you want to achieve power and beauty that had never been yours.” Sofia halted. She saw a man. Was he the king of Hesperia? “The King. Even King Belmonte had been captivated by your beauty.” She suddenly gasped. “You even killed the Queen for power? You became the King’s Concubine and later killed the King himself…” 
Sofia turned to the witch. Dark past. Revenge. Power. Beauty. These things had poisoned the woman. Skull was staring aimlessly at nothingness. The woman was pale. Sofia saw another vision. Asmaria. She was still a young girl. “Are you the one that had locked the Princess on that tower?” 
Skull began to speak. Her voice was calm. “Yes. I did. I knew of your existence, Hunter. I planned everything. I already found the book but I never had the chance to unlock the crypt until you came… and bring it into my hands!” The witch unpredictable thrust up the dagger at Sofia. Fortunately, the young woman had avoided it. Only her braided hair had been cut down at a short length. Chase tried to break through the barrier but the spell cannot be unbind, only tiny cracks had been produced. Sofia gazed on him and shook its head. He frowned. What in the world are you planning, Sofia?
“Why Ellen?” Sofia inquired and took steps away from the witch she had trying to tame. “What else do you want? You had gained what you ask for.”
Skull laughed. She begin to turn into an old hag with a humped back. Her left eye were blind. The beauty she possessed faded. A horrible witch indeed. Her skin was sagging and her face where filled with creases. The shiny, pitched-black hair turned into an arid, hoary one. “Not everything, Hunter! This beauty is fading. I still had to drain someone’s essence to have the beauty I yearned… but with the Archmage’s Script… I could have an eternal magnificence that I could ever imagine!” Skull started to draw near her. 
Sofia shook her head. “I pity you. Ellen.”
“Stop saying that name!”
“What? Ellen?” She run across the floor. Skull shrieked in frustration. Sofia smirked, hugging the book on her arms. “Even you gained the beauty you had. You will never be happy… You’re alone, Ellen! There’s no man that would ever love you with that evil thing in you!”
Skull chased after her until Sofia had been corner. “There’s no way to run, Hunter. I just need your blood and the book…!” Sofia gazed behind her back. It was the edge. Few steps and she will be roasted on the burning flame beneath just like the dirt that had fell from the ground where she was standing. 
“You’re a terrible woman, Ellen,” she said, gazing at Skull who was just a pace from her. “Henry would be mad at you.” 
“Stop mentioning that name!” Skull whined and thrust the dagger towards her. Sofia had been stabbed in the shoulder but the witch had slipped her foot and fell into the cleft. The witch had luckily took hold of the pointy rock and saved herself. Sofia knelt down and looked at the old hag. 
“Help me!” Skull tried using her magic to make the molten rock turned into a mass of land where she could stepped into but it wavered. The burning flame had made her shivered with fear. Sofia saw the fear on the old woman’s eyes. She extended her arms and said, “Here. Take my hand!” 
“What are you doing?” Chase yelled at her worriedly. “She was deceiving you!” Darn. What a foolish creature she was! He gritted his teeth and aimed the sword at the barrier. The sword glimmer and rifted the barrier into pieces of broken glass. Skull hurriedly took hold of Sofia’s hand and lifted herself out the cleft. She snatched the book away from the young woman and slit its finger. Sofia whimpered in pain. Three drops of blood fell into the book. The chain broke apart with a spark of puce. The old hag laughed wickedly and shove Sofia into the burning sea of flame. She had no use of the Hunter now. Skull turned to the young man with her foreboding glare. Now, the Etherian Prince was next to slay.
Sofia fell into the blazing rift, round-eyed. Everything seemed to move slow-paced. Is this the feeling of dying? That witch. Skull had deceived her. Sofia narrowed her lids. She drew an arrow from the quiver on her back and grabbed the bow on her shoulder. She will make sure that her death would be a worthy one. Sofia took a deep breath and hold, releasing the arrow from her gripped. It struck directly into the old hag’s throat. The book fell after Sofia and landed on her chest. 
Chase clenched his fist and slit his palm without a thought. The scar had just healed and there came another one. He slightly quivered in pain. He formed something by his blood and uttered the forbidden spell. Kali, can you hear me? I know you dislike my vanity but will you do this just now. A beast aroused from the seal of flame. Its fiery eyes were glaring at him. He leapt into its back and hovered down the smoldering ocean of flame. Sofia had almost touches her back in the blistering lava when a hand grabbed hers and lifted her up. The dragon puffed fire and soared high. He saw that her skin had been partially burnt. Sofia lifted her face and faintly smile. “I thought I was going to die.” Chase gazed down at her and replied, “You shouldn’t. This was not heaven yet.”
Chase lifted her into the ground. The dragon growled and landed on their side. Sofia looked back at the old hag. It was now panting hard, almost lifeless. They heard rumbling sound. The place was about to fall down. “Time to go,” Chase intoned, lifting Sofia into the dragon’s back. Sofia turned to Iris and extend her arms, “Come on.” 
Iris smiled and shook her head. “You should leave. I’ll die here.”
Sofia knitted her brow. “What are you saying? Come on now.” 
Chase lifted the young woman but Iris protested. He noticed the florid spot on her skin. “I was poisoned by the pin. My life won’t last long. I could feel the venom on my veins,” Iris said. Purplish veins appeared on her neck. She could not move half of her body and began to gasp for air.
“Dying later is far different than dying now,” Sofia spoke. “Someone had told me that.” She glanced at Chase who just glanced back at her with its striking blue eyes. Chase hopped into the back of the beast with Iris on his arms and immediately seek for an opening. Streak of light shone above them. The dragon flew skyward with its swift wings. They were already in the midair when something glistened behind their trail. Iris saw it. A dagger. It was heading for Sofia! Skull had thrown the blade.
“Sofia!” Iris blocked the dagger and got stuck in the heart. She had thrown the poisoned pin on the witch before she fell from the beast. The witch got hit on the head and immediately died, turning into flecks of black dirt. A heartwarming smile drawn out of the young woman’s face and let herself fell into the dark pit that awaits her. We are even now, Sofia. Iris saw the streaks of light fading. A mirage of light suddenly flashed. She remember everything. Everything that was lost. That face. She would not forget. She could not be mistaken. The coldness crept into her whole being. Iris smiled. Mother, I have never failed you. Tears fell from her eyes as she embraced the darkness that lie in wait for her. 
“Iris!” Sofia exclaimed and tried to grasp its hand but the young woman was too far of her reach. Massive rocks fell above them. The dragon glided and flipped in the air, avoiding each falling wreckage. “We should go back!” Sofia said, teary eyed. “We can’t leave her!” 
Chase shook his head. “We cannot go back.” His face was desolated and his voice spoke of jarring tone. Sofia cried, looking back at place. She hope that Iris would show up behind those huge rocks. But there was nothing. 
Suddenly, a blinding brightness clothe their surroundings. The dragon flew out of the opening. Sofia adjusted into the light. She saw an obscure island that was now sinking in the midst of the wide water. Tears fell on her face as she watched the landmass vanished into nothingness. She was not crying because of the drifting island but on the person that had gave her life for her. Agatha. Sofia heard a familiar voice. 
“Iris?” She whispered to herself but she could not see anyone. Sofia knitted her brow. She clearly heard a name. Agatha. Who could she be? Does Iris want her to find someone with the name Agatha? Sofia breathe out an air of confusion.
The beast flew back to the Kingdom of Hesperia. They had witnessed the raging war between the soldiers and the rebels. Many had been killed but many was yet to follow. The beast laid them down at the tower crest of the palace. Chase leapt down the back of the beast, Sofia followed. Skull was dead but the war never ceased. She looked on the far North and was horrified. The golden flower had grown into a towering bush. Its tangled, enormous roots had been buried deep into the earth. The bud glimmered with its luminous hue. It will soon bloom in a matter of minutes. Sofia dredged up her vision and declared, “We should destroy that flower before it killed everyone.” Chase laid in silence. He always had a bad feeling about that thing that hanged above them. “The moment it bloomed, a poisonous gas will spread throughout the kingdom and will kill everyone,” she added. 
“Clear enough,” he said and mounted the dragon with a swift motion. Sofia closed her eyes and sent a herald over the Wizards of the Hidden Valley. She just hope they had perceived her protent. The beast flew towards the gigantic flora and cast a huge ball of flame but it had explode back to them, making them sank into the depths of the forest. Sofia watched from a distance, troubled. It had repelled the flame. 
The flower had a mind of its own. Chase turned to the beast and remounted it. They flew skyward and halted the moment they heard an explosion on the distant region. Only tiny spark of light could be seen. Sofia must have warned them, he thought. They kept on trying but they always end up a failure. “This was useless,” he whispered. How long would it takes before those buds would open and killed every living creature of this world? The dreadful flower might have created using the ancient spell. He suddenly halted and flew back to the fortress. How stupid they were! The Archmage’s Script might contain the counter spell or some sort of destruction spell perhaps. He eventually found Sofia crying. “What happened?” he asked, worriedly.
The young woman stared at her with her eyes filled with tears. “We’re defeated,” she blurted and shook her head. “The book contains nothing… Not even a worthy spell. It was nothing but blank pages!!” She cried in frustration. After all that they had gone through, they would soon discovered that their struggled was in vain. Iris’ death was of nothing. Chase plunge into the tower and comforted her. 
“Listen,” he murmured. “This is no time for back outs and cravenness.” He patted her hair and gazed into her eyes. “If you would waived this time we should never have started these things at the first place… I cannot fight this alone, Sofia.” Chase wiped away the tears on her cheeks. Sofia calmed herself. “There were people out there. They were counting on you. Don’t let them down.” Sofia held the book tightly. What is she need to do? “Focus,” he said as if reading her mind. “The Archmage’s was not a dumb sorcerer to create a useless script.” Chase leapt back into the dragon’s shimmering scaled frame. “Where’s the promising Sofia that I’ve known?” Chase smiled at her and left. 
A fire alit on her heart. If he believes on her, why she should not believe herself? In the battle foreseen, in no doubt you must win… The rhyme echoed on her mind. She must win. She must. The bud was now opening. Please. Show something. Sofia slit her finger with a pointy rock on her side. Her blood dripped into the book and vanished. The script glowed. Letters begin to appear but she could not read them. They were written in figures she cannot decipher. She saw some birds flying above that had fell lifeless into the ground. The men that were just nearby begin to felt dizzy. It was now spreading. Sofia smelled a sweet fragrance. She trembled and hold her breath. Sofia jumped crazily trying to capture the young man’s attention. “Francis!!” she called out loud but he did not seem to notice her. 
Chase heard a whistle. He turned around and saw Sofia waving its hand at him. He dashed back to the fortress. He saw that she was dizzy and almost slipped her feet. He made a translucent orb that shielded them from the scent of death. Everyone around them began to choke and pant for air. The young woman hurriedly showed him the book. It was an ancient spell and the writings were nearly extinct. He deciphered the text and cast the spell but nothing had happened. Sofia repeated what he had said and the nearly-opened bud shut its petals back. It suddenly flamed and turned to black dust, leaving not a trace of it. The trees began to dance with the breeze again. Sofia watched at the victory before her, wide-eyed. Chase smirked on her side and asked “Is this what they called victory?” Sofia chuckled and beamed with a radiant smile on her lips. They won. Prophecies are vision of the future that could be altered if you just trust and have the faith burning inside your heart. Something that warns… Something that gives you an option: to die now or die later. Two options with far more different aftermath. 
The dragon shifted into a human figure. “As I expected of those eyes, Hunter.” Sofia smiled. “You’ve done it well,” the lady added. Chase arced a brow, glaring at the woman. Scales of red were glimmering on her hands even on the corners of her face. Kali turned to him and scowled, “Is that how you greet me after you had wakened me on my sleep?”
Chase smiled, an insolent one. Kali. “You’ve grown up. I have not recognized you, indeed.” The dragon was but a fine, helpless young girl when he had met it.
“This is my real form, Prince.” Kali became thought-provoking with the change of her gaze. “Listen…” the dragon started. “I am now breaking the covenant we made. You are now free of my curse and so as mine in yours.” The seal on his neck vanished. He made no response and chose to be silent. Would he be glad about it?
Kali healed Sofia. The Hunter finally asked, “What about you? What will be gone of you?” The dragon smiled. “I have not figure it out yet. It is either I’ll become part of this world and be gone forever or be back on the old business… a homeless dragon spirit that wanders around.” Sofia glanced at the man on her side. 
“I say we’ll have a bargain, will you stay?” Sofia dared. “Can you live on something aside from a living soul?
Kali gazed at her and replied, “It was possible as long as it was significant to the one I made the covenant with…” Chase kept his silence. Kali had been a part of him. Her absence might bring a different thing to his life. Sofia nodded in agreement. 


***


Pendragon was in such merriment. The people and warlocks danced into the beautiful melody of the Pygmies. Flaire and the rest welcomed Sofia with such a proud look on their eyes. “We won!” Flaire blurted joyfully. Everyone seemed to do their parts. Sofia smiled. It ends now but what would happen next, she was not still decided yet.
“Hail to the Hunter!” Claw announced into the mob. Silence came and every eye touched Sofia. She curtsied with the book on her hand. There mob applauded. A boy stepped out of the crowd and yelled, “Hail to the Hunter!” Everyone followed. Sofia blushed. There was not much that she did. She turned to Chase and the young man smiled with a slight nod. 
“Where’s Iris?” Flaire inquired. 
Her smile faded. The rest exchanged a meaningful glances with each other. Flaire took a sigh. It was not a good question to ask. Her eyes became wet with tears that could fall anytime, “She die saving me.” 
Claw patted her shoulders. “Iris die for the world. It was a worthy death and she shall be remembered forever.” Everyone offered a prayer for the loss of their beloved friend. Sofia buried her forehead on his shoulder. The young man cupped her face and offered a gentle kiss on it. Septh suddenly flew out of nowhere and screeched low. The phoenix finally rested its talons on her arm. Sofia smiled and rubbed the phoenix’s beak.


***


A huge gravestone was built at the foot of the Dark Fall Mountain as a memorial of all the people that had offered their lives for the Three Kingdom. A beautiful landmark stands at the heart of Pendragon in memory of young woman, Iris. Beautiful iris with its dazzling flower and sword-shaped leaves flourished at the significant marking. Iris had been so fond of the flower where she had been named after, so as Claw told Sofia. Ice crystal flakes begun to fall from the sky. It was now the beginning of winter. Sofia offered a prayer for her friend. Agatha. The name still lingered on her thoughts. Agatha? Was she your sister? Sofia sighed. I’m sorry, Iris. I’ve never find her for you. A silhouette of a man appeared beside her. Chase.
“Are you here to stop me?” she asked. 
He shook his head. “No.” A beautiful red rose appeared on his hand. He bent his knee to place the flower on the ground. “I just want to know your reason of going back.”
Sofia stared aimlessly on the young man before saying, “I just have to find my place.” He narrowed his eyes and stand back to his feet. Chase turned to leave and never looked back. Sofia sighed deeply. Is that how he bid her goodbye? She watched him walked away from her. He never even glanced back at Sofia, not even once. Sofia breathe another sigh and took the different way. 
The portal opened. Claw patted her shoulder. “Are you certain of this child?” Sofia nodded and smiled. She was now wearing her school uniform which Flaire had cleaned. Sofia looked around her. Everyone was there except for the face that she longed to see. It somehow pricked her heart. He had never shown his face.
“Have a safe journey back and thank you for everything you did for us,” Tristan said and clasped her hand. Sofia smiled. Asmaria hugged her dearly. Flaire, who was already in tears patted her back and said, “Don’t forget about us… and by the way, your hair was gorgeous.” She smiled and nodded. Her hair was a mess. That’s what it looks like to her.
Raven called for her when she was about to leave. The boy extends something to her. “Master Chase wants you to have this.” A ruby studded ring glistened when Raven opened his little fingers. The child reached for her hand and put the ring on her dainty finger. “He said, that will lead you home.” Sofia smiled and ruffled the child’s hair and entered the portal with tears on her eyes. Sofia vanished into the thin light. The moment she gained her vision, she was back on the human world… back at the old light post, a familiar place that she saw every day. No magic. No horrible witches. No dragon. Just reality. Sofia looked around and found her school bag. She sighed and went to pick up her things. What a beautiful nightmare. She traversed the path back home.


EPILOGUE

“Sofia!” Vincent called her. Few days had passed and everything was just like what it used to be. She goes to school in the morning and went home in the afternoon, or dropped by at the cake shop of her friend. She turned and waited for her neighbor. “I never noticed you had a haircut.” Vincent said to her.
Sofia smiled. “U-Ugh. Yeah… it seems like that.”
“It suits you anyway,” the young man remarked and smiled. She smiled back and walked to school together. They passed the same houses, streets and stores. A vision of the beautiful town of Pendragon flashed on her mind and it bring a radiant smile on her lips. Faces followed. The old, wise wizard with a lengthy white beard, Old Wizard Claw. The girl with a joyful smile on its face which dress had been tattered because of her, Flaire. Sofia chuckled silently. The brave boy of the Wolfspider clan, Raven. The young man who had saved her from stumbling down the stairs, Tristan. The young princess of Hesperia which her hair looks like, Asmaria. The girl who had saved her from death, Iris. And… the man who — … the arrogant, self-centered…
“So, can I ask you out later?” Vincent suddenly snapped. Sofia turned to the young man beside her. Is Vincent asking her out? Sofia laid in silence. Her first crush asked her out. She noticed the gem on her finger and suddenly simpered. That arrogant, self-centered… undeniably good-looking man. The man that had stolen her heart and broke it to pieces without even showing his face the moment she left! Chase… or Francis, ugh… whatsoever name he had. That fool! Vincent stared at her frowned.
Sofia made up her mind. She draw something from her bag. A letter she had been keeping for a long time. She extend it to Vincent who was puzzled. “Give this to Mrs. Wyndham. Tell her I love her.” Vincent reached for the letter with a confused look. Sofia dashed away.
“Hey — …!” Vincent hesitated but Sofia was out of his sight. He knitted his brow and sighed. Sofia went back to the place where she met the two people that had opened a new world for her. The world where she really belong. Home. She was definitely going home. Sofia clasped her hands together. She closed her eyes and think of Lynabria, its people… everyone. The ring will lead you home. Of course, home. The ring glistened and the speckles of red dust clothe her. Sofia began to vanish without a trace. 
A beautiful melody brought her back to senses. She looked around. Sofia smiled. She was no longer in the human world. Her heart fluttered with joy. She was home. It was night and the moon shines brightly above. Sofia heard a sound like that of a flute. It was melancholy yet still a lovely harmony. She smelled a familiar scent — the Queen of the Night. Its bud began to open. A beautiful scenery before her eyes. The opening bud and the music creates a wonderful atmosphere. She was in the midst of a beautiful garden. She followed the tune that led her into a long reflecting pool that ran almost the entire length of the garden. Red tulips with their beautiful large flower, and trumpet-shaped flower of golden daffodils filled the pool along with several snowdrops with its white drooping flowers. It was a sign of the beginning of spring. Sofia suddenly halted. A tall figure of a man was playing a glistening, silver flute just quite a distance away from her. She draw near and gasped when the figure became perceivable by her senses. Francis! He was looking adorably sedate in all white. He was more of a prince look. He was dressed in the height of fashion. White suit with crisp white neck ruffs, narrow white pants and an exotic white coat embroidered lightly in gold thread and silver that came to just below his knees. 
The young man was about to play another tune when he noticed of her presence. Chase turned to Sofia. He suddenly looked pale. Sofia knitted her brow. Wasn’t he glad seeing her? If it was about her dress, well she does not know that he would be looking like a gorgeous blue-eyed debonair. Sofia smirked and said, “I never thought you could play a flute.”
Chase regained his color. He could not believe his eyes. “It was really you.” Sofia arced a brow and smiled. “You might be mad at me,” he started. The flute vanished on his hand for it was just a mere artifice of the real one. Sofia preferred to be silence. Past is past. “My mother had taught me to play the instrument, anyway.” Now, he was talking.
She looked around. “Am I at your Palace garden?”
He shook his head and smirked. A dashing footsteps suddenly broke their conversation. It was Raven. The boy have not gotten any taller. Sofia chuckled upon seeing the child. “Fie! It was you! You came back!!” The child embraced her tightly. Sofia ruffled his hair.
“Ugh. Yeah… it seems like that,” she said, scratching the back of her head. 
“Do you like it?” The child began to ask, gazing up on her.
Sofia frowned. “Like what?” Chase put a finger over his lips and gazed over the child secretly. Raven chuckled and kept his silence. Sofia made a face and said, “This garden was beautiful, wasn’t it?”
“Yeah! Master Chase had made this!” Raven blurted and suddenly came into a halt, hearing what he had just said. Chase turned his look away, rubbing his forehead. Raven laughed forcibly. He had blurted it out accidentally. His master might be mad at him. “U-Ugh… W-Well…” he started. “Yeah. T-The garden was beautiful. You also had a lake.” The child pointed at the shallow body of water that was glistening under the moonlight. Lilies were growing abundantly on its brink. “Kali had been almost mad at Master. He almost consumed all the Lady Dragon’s magic,” Raven blurted again. Chase sighed. Sofia noticed a spark on the dangling precious gem that hangs on his neck. She remember how she had bargained the necklace with the dragon, Kali. 
Sofia smiled. “Many things had changed, I guess.”
“France!” A young maiden suddenly called out for his name. The lady was in deep ultramarine velvet dress, the underskirt of which was silky black with pattern of swirls and decorated with little diamonds that sparkled with her every step. Jades sparkled on her ears with hair that was somewhat wavy, extending down to her chest and dressed with hairpins studded with the same stones on one side. Sofia dropped her lips in awed.
“Aimee!” Raven turned to the young woman that had held his master’s arm. The child was about to utter something but hesitated, afraid that he might outspoken unnecessary things and worst, his Master’s secrets. The young woman smiled and turned to Sofia. Chase laid in silence.
“You are?” Aimee asked with a fine voice.
Sofia forcibly smile and curtly replied, “Sofia.” She wonder who could this beautiful damsel be? She suddenly turned somewhat pale but she managed to conceal it. Could it possibly be that she was the change that she never thought of? How long had she been gone? Years, maybe. Indeed. What else to expect? Chase was a fine, young prince and besides, he might not be expecting of her return anymore. 
The woman awed. “Sofia? So, you’re the Hunter?” Sofia set a faint smile and nod. “I can’t believe this. You came back. Are you going to stay here forever?” 
“U-Ugh. Well…” she stammered. Perhaps. But it seems that she was now having a doubt if coming back was a right thing. She laid in silence, puzzled. She was indecisive. The woman suddenly spoke, seeing the look in her eyes, “What a guileless question I’ve asked. Don’t mind it anymore.” Aimee turned to Raven. “I’ve found the lilacs. Do you want to come with me? It’s just over there.” Raven batted its eyelashes and shrugged his shoulders. The woman turned to her, “It was nice meeting you, Sofia. It’s Aimee, by the way.” Sofia nodded and smiled. The woman gazed on the young man and smiled before leaving. 
They were like newlyweds, Sofia thought. She turned to Chase and said, “She was beautiful.” Chase arced a brow. “Your wife.” She added. The young man chuckled near hysteria and gazed on her. 
“Well… Ugh. Beautiful. Of course, sure of that.” He cleared his throat and thrown his looked away. He could not hide the provocative smile on his lips. Whatever he was thinking, it might be a significant thing. Silence came between them. Aimee glanced at them on the distance and suddenly smiled. Sofia caught her and smiled back.
Sofia was turning red. She could not perceived if it was because she was happy for him or awfully upset of herself. She was so wrong of going back for this man. He never waited for her anyway. But, come to think of it. She was the one who had turned her back away from him. Sofia took a deep breath and smiled. Since, things cannot be undone anymore. She might have to accept the thought that this man might not be the one for her. Well, let’s just presumed that this was just a visit to a friend. But her heart tells her of different thing. 
“U-Ugh.” She started. Chase glanced at her with an insolent smile on his face. Sofia looked away, afraid that he might see the lingering sadness and tears on her eyes. “That clothing looks fine on you.” What an idiotic thing to start with! Sofia bit her lips. It feels like she was talking to a stranger that had taken her first kiss. 
Chase sniggered and curtly said, “Thanks.”
She clenched her fist. It was awkward. She feels awkward on him. Why was he so cold and unspoken? Maybe it does not interests him. Courtly matters and fancy things never interests him. If only she could tell him things like, “You fool! I came back for you but you never waited for me! Or some dramatic things… Why? I have been faithful to you. You — …! Ugh! But she could not tell him those. Of course not. 
“How did you manage to come back?” He asked without taking any glance on the young woman beside him. Of course he knew. It was what he planned and hoped for. She had been gone for such a long time and many things had changed. Only a thing remained that would not change and never will be.
“I was just taking a visit here. I missed the guys,” she replied. Of course it was a lie. She could not tell him especially if she would be the one to lose. 
Chase smirked but never breathe a word. Liar, he thought. He made a spell on the ring that somehow, if she had made up her mind and had decided to come back… she would find her way. He was actually on the verge of losing his hope that Sofia would come back. 
“How long have I been gone?” she finally asked. 
“Years,” came his cold reply.
Sofia nodded. “In our world, it was just days,” she murmured. Chase scoffed. So, she had been thinking for days. A very inquisitive question entered Sofia’s mind. It would be awkward but somehow, she was fond of knowing the story. “How did you met Aimee?”
He looked at her for a moment and set an insolent smile on his face. “That’s private.” Sofia made a face. What an aloof person! Chase was just concealing his smile. Sofia came up another question, “D-Do you have already a kid?” 
Chase turned to her, hiding another insolent grin. “Well, I always been hoping for a boy as handsome as me.” He suddenly covered his lips, restraining himself to laugh. This lady was an outrageous girl. Funny as she always was. Sofia caught his glanced and turned his look away. He could see that she was taken by the things he had said. She would hate him for sure.
Someone clears his throat behind them. It was Sever, who had not changed at all from the last time she had seen him. “May I interrupt you,” the young man said and went near them. Chase gazed on his cousin. Sever smiled and turned to Sofia. “How are you my lady?”
Sofia was about to say something when Aimee came running towards them with the lilacs on her hands. Raven followed her after. Sever smiled and stretched his welcoming arms. “How are you brother?” Aimee asked and embraced him tightly. Sofia widened her eyes. Did she heard it right? Brother? She shook her head in disbelief. If Aimee was Sever’s younger sister then… They were cousins. Sofia gritted her teeth. She could not believe that Chase had made fun of her! Ugh! This fool! How stupid could she be that she had believed his lies! She looked like a fool.
Chase smirked in silence. Sofia might have been furious on him. He caught her looking at him with a fretful look. He smiled innocently at her. Sever began to spoke, “Thank you for looking over my naughty sister. I want to have a talk with you two but we still have a long way to go. We’re travelling South.” Chase nodded. Aimee smiled at her cousin and said, “Good-bye, France.”
Sever patted his shoulders and said, “So long, His Majesty.” 
“Cut it off,” he said and smiled. Sever laughed and the two began to vanish in an instant. Sofia waved her hand before they completely disappeared. Chase gazed at her and laughed, does not have the chance to keep his sentiment. Sofia turned red all over. Now he was completely mocking at her. His indecent laughter echoed the whole place.
“You fool!” Sofia grimaced. “You made a fool out of me!” She tried to pinch his nose but he caught her hands. Raven watched over them in silence, puzzled. There might be some things that only adult person have to deal with. He clears his throat. “I’ll just wait you inside,” the boy said and took his leave.
Chase could not restrain himself from laughing. Sofia laid in silence, annoyed. “So, let’s have a talk then,” he intoned, still grinning at the young woman. Sofia crossed her arms over her chest.
“Happy? You’re really an — chuuuu!” Sofia sneezed and blushed. How offending, she thought and rubbed her nose. The night was getting colder to her skin. 
“That was cute,” Chase said and put his coat over her. “Let’s take a walk to the Palace.”
He led the way and Sofia followed. They had talked about so many things. She had been told that Asmaria was now placed in throne of Hesperia and Tristan had remained on her side. Claw remained at the Hidden Valley along with the other warlocks and had established a school of sorcery with Flaire as his apprentice. The dispute between the Academy and the Old Wizard had been settled. Etheria had been restored and the people went back to their lands under his reign as the Crown Prince of Etheria. Sofia sighed deeply. Indeed. A lot had occurred upon her absence. She turned to the young man beside her, “Then, what are you doing here at my Palace? Your people needs their Prince.” 
“I was just paying a visit,” he replied and took hold of her hand. “I thought you would never return.” 
“Well, I did.” Sofia gazed on him. “Besides, here is where I belong.” 
He nodded. “That was clever of you,” he said. “Your people had been waiting for their dramatic Princess for such a long time.” They both chuckled.
“How was Victoria…I mean Isabelle?” 
Chase guide her into the staircase before saying, “She was on the Palace. She often asked about you.” Sofia smiled and nodded. An aged woman greeted them with glee. She wore a fine tailored lilac silk with hair dressed in a bun and was decorated with an emerald pin. The time does not seem to wear out the beauty that she once possessed. 
“Her Majesty,” the old woman curtsied at her. Sofia curtsied back with a smile. The woman turned to the young man on her side and does the same. “His Highness.” Chase slightly nod. “I had been in your family for such a long time, My Lady.”
“What should I call you, Auntie?” Sofia asked, uncomfortably. No one ever address such things to her. The woman smiled and replied, “Anything at your ease, My Lady.” Sofia chuckled and said, “You don’t have to address something like that to me, Auntie.” Chase smiled in silence.
The woman stared at her for a moment and said, “You are so looked like the Queen herself.” Sofia smiled thinking of the mother she have never met. “Come, I’ll show you your room,” the woman declared and led them upstairs. “The child had fallen asleep on one of the chambers, by the way.” The Palace was magnificent with its dazzling lights and exotic work of art. A beautiful fountain catered the midst of the entry hall. Red lotus filled the fountain base. Golden chandelier hanged just above it. There were silver bowls filled with lilacs, early roses, and lily of the valley. The bowls were decorated with elegant saxe blue design that lined the walls of the lovely hall. They took the corridor and went into a significant chamber. It was huge and lovely with silky white curtains laced with gold and silver. The candles were made pure of beeswax and scented with lavender. The chamber was beautifully furnished with large floor pillows and fine rugs that covered the marble floor. Her bed, supposedly were huge if just for herself but it was wonderful with the fine fabrics that lies on it. A huge closet rest on one corner of the chamber that might contain all the things she needs. The room had a balcony that overlooks the garden just like the one on the Etherian Palace had. 
The old woman gestured to leave. “Have a good rest, Lady Agatha.”
Sofia turned to the old woman. Chase also frowned. “What did you just call me?”
“Agatha, Her Ladyship,” came the reply. “Sofia Agatha vi Lynabria was your name. Have you not known of it, Her Highness?” Sofia gulped. Something caught her eyes. A huge family painting hanged upon the wall. It was a family of five. The man wearing a beautifully tailored apparel was his father, no other than the King himself. A beautiful woman was sitting beside him with two lovely children on both sides. The old woman noticed her interest. “You were so young on that painting, My Lady.” The lady pointed the girl on the far left and said, “This was Lady Valyrine. She was a year older than you. She had disappeared and never return.” Sofia stare aimlessly on the girl. Ebony hair that was black as the night sky and those eyes that glows like the starlight. It could not be a mistake. One thing she noticed, the girl held a flower on her hand… Iris. Chase gazed at Sofia with tears that raced down its beautiful face. 


***


Sofia laid in silence as she watched the moon shines over the dark clouds. The torches had been lit up and the night was still. Tomorrow, she will be presented over the whole kingdom as their Princess. Sofia wonder if the title suits her. She could see the distant towns that surrounds the Palace, the wide dark forest and the silhouette of the Blue Mountains. Home. She was home. The world had called for her. Sofia saw the fireflies lighted the silver birch tree nearby. 
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” She heard a gentle voice on the corner. Sofia nodded and gazed on him. He smirked and went near her. “So, you find your place, Princess?” The gem on his ear glistened by the moonlight so as his turquoise eyes.
“Yep,” she replied and leaned on his broad shoulder. “Here.”
“By your people?” he further inquired. 
Sofia smiled. “Perhaps, by your side…” 
“Flatterer,” he intoned and poked her forehead. 
Sofia chuckled and turned to him. “Years had passed. I left as soon as the first snow of winter had fallen, I never thought that I would return on the first bloom of spring.”
He smiled. “Many things had changed…” Chase took hold of her hand. “…but one thing remained.” Sofia set a smile on her face. He caressed her face and bent to kiss her forehead. “I’ve always wanted to spend the rest of forever with you, my princess. Although, I never knew if you would love a three thousand five hundred twenty six years old man…” 
Thousand? He merely looked like a twenty year old, eye-catching figure. Sofia chuckled and said, “If that man had a face like yours.” 
Chase laughed. “Very well Princess… Take my hand in marriage and we’ll immediately make a thousand copies of me.” He gazed at her with such seriousness. Sofia turned red and knocked his head unpredictably. “Fool!”


—  FIN  —
TO GOD BE THE GLORY


“FOR GOD LOVED THE WORLD SO MUCH THAT HE GAVE HIS ONLY BEGOTTEN SON, SO THAT EVERYONE WHO BELIEVES IN HIM MAY NOT DIE BUT HAVE ETERNAL LIFE.” (JOHN 3:16)

