
Blood Mission
Volume 3





The Seaward Isle Saga


By Joni L. Parker








Copyright 2013 by Joni L. Parker
Published by Village Green Press LLC
All Rights Reserved

Chapter 1

BLOOD MISSION

Drenched and muddy, Alex spurred her horse through the heavy rain, more concerned about a possible assassination attempt on her cousin, Prince Darin of the Water Elves than herself.  Alex had discovered the plot when she overheard a telepathic conversation in Elfspeak between the Elf Mellen, a pirate leader and an unknown accomplice, someone on the Prince's staff. 
Even though Alex saw faces when they spoke, she wasn't sure she could recognize the accomplice again.  She didn't know his name, only that he was blond with blue eyes and pointed ears.  Hundreds of Elves looked like that.
Alex had tried to warn her cousin in Elfspeak, but he didn't respond to her telepathic inquiries, so her journey took on a new meaning, and she feared the worst. 
With her hood pulled tight around her face, she cast a wary eye at the dark clouds and urged her horse on, reaching the outskirts of the city of Southport along the southern coast of Seaward Isle in record time.  To her relief, everything seemed normal when she rode up to the gate. 
 The guard welcomed her politely.  
"Good day, Lady Alexin.  Nasty weather today."
"Is Prince Darin all right?"  
"Yes, he's fine.  I told him you were here."  He held her horse as she dismounted. 
Somewhat relieved, Alex ran the last hundred feet to the front door through a cloudburst and was shown in.  A woman servant handed her a dry towel.   
"Welcome, Lady Alexin."  Eskin saluted and curtsied to her.
"Thanks, Eskin.  Sorry, I'm dripping all over.  How's Prince Darin?"
"Fine.  He'll be here shortly."  Eskin left, taking her weapons to the armory.
Alex breathed easier, hoping that she had arrived in time to foil the plot.  But she needed to see him to make sure.  She quickly dried her hands and face and took off her backpack, quickly turning the soldier's rucksack inside out to find some dry clothes.  Behind a screen, she changed into a pair of rough brown britches, a white shirt, and white socks, the uniform worn by soldiers of the Kingdom of Northeast Forest.  She set the wet ones to dry beside the fire along with her boots. 

Much to her relief, Prince Darin stepped through the door.  Alex smiled and greeted him with a salute, by placing her right hand over her chest and curtsied, the traditional Elf greeting for a woman.
"Thank goodness, you're all right."  She nodded to him. 
"Of course I am.  What are you doing here?"  He folded his arms across his chest.
"Colonel Penser gave me some leave after my last mission.  I tried to Elfspeak to you, but you didn't answer so I got worried."
"I've been busy."  
"I need to tell you something.  There's a plot to free the prisoners from your dungeon.  Mellen said--"
"Mellen--really?" 
"I overheard him Elfspeak to someone, but I don't know who it was."
"I thought I told you not to do that anymore."  
"I know, but I can hear Mellen."  Alex shrugged.  "I don't know how it happens."
"Go on."  He scowled.
"Well, he said he needed the prisoners freed as soon as possible, and he wanted you killed along with the guards."
The Prince raised an eyebrow.  "Very well.  I'll have the guards doubled immediately."  He glanced away to Elfspeak and turned back.  "General Tarsin is on his way.  Anything else?"
"I was wondering if you could arrange a meeting for me with my Elf grandmother.  I don't remember ever meeting her."
"Lady Lestin?  Of course, I'll do that in the morning."  He showed her to the sofa and sat in a chair opposite her, looking away, seemingly lost in his own thoughts.
Alex sat, biting her lip.  She slid her hands under her knees and wondered what to say to him without pissing him off.

A few moments later, General Tarsin came in, breaking the tension in the room.  He saluted stiffly, pounding his right fist on his brown leather vest, as he dropped to one knee.
Prince Darin nodded.  "Tarsin, double the guards on the prisoners immediately."
Tarsin looked up curiously--his face wet, dripping with rain.  He swiped his face with his hand and his blue eyes narrowed.  "Yes, your Highness, but may I ask why?"
"I've received some information that Mellen is going to try to free the prisoners."
Tarsin stood up.  "From whom?  I haven't heard anything."
"From Alex, my young mortal cousin."  He waved his hand at her.  "Take all precautions necessary."
"Yes, of course, your Highness.  She's your mortal cousin?"  Tarsin's steely gaze settled on her.
"Through Lady Lestin."
"Oh, I see."  He frowned.  "I'll take care of it right away.  Where is Lord Odin, by the way?  The guards are expecting him."  
"Running late, but then again, an Elder is never late."  Prince Darin chuckled.  
Tarsin pressed his thin lips together in a tight line.  He pounded his chest again, bowed, and left the room.
Alex felt the hair at the nape of her neck rise--the way he pressed his lips together seemed familiar.  Was he the one talking to Mellen?  No, he couldn't be, she concluded.  He's the Prince's general.

Prince Darin nodded to her.   "Satisfied?  Now, join me for supper.  Lord Odin will be here soon."
"Thank you.  Where is he?"
"He had a meeting with King Pallis of Southport."
	The table was set with a sumptuous feast of baked fish, roasted tubers, fresh tomatoes, and lettuce, along with a variety of apples and loaves of fresh bread.  Alex's mouth watered--she was starving.  All she'd had to eat today was a soggy apple turnover.
	Prince Darin sat at the end of the banquet table with Alex to his left.  They sipped some wine and snacked on bread while they waited for Lord Odin, the leader of the Elves on Seaward Isle.  Alex felt a palpable chill in the air, as well as the effects of wine on an empty stomach.  She ate another piece of bread, slathered with butter.
	Fortunately, Lord Odin came in and smiled at her, extending his arms to embrace her.  "Alex, how wonderful to see you again.  I hope I didn't keep you waiting too long."  His blue eyes sparkled with delight as he took the chair next to her and began chatting about his conversation with the King.  
	However, Alex was more interested in eating than talking, but nodded frequently to show her interest in the discussion.  
Just as they finished, Tarsin came in with several soldiers, carrying large bottles of wine.  "Forgive my interruption, your Highness.  I just wanted to let you know that I've doubled the guards."
	"Well done."  Prince Darin sipped his wine.    
	"In addition, I just found this wine at the market.  It's a new blend.  I thought you might be interested."  Tarsin showed him the bottles.
	"Indeed."  Lord Odin drank some wine and saw Alex yawn.  "However, I think Alex needs to go to bed."
	"I'm all right."  Alex put her hand over her mouth to hide another yawn.  "I'm not used to drinking wine."
	"Tarsin, have one of the servants take Alex up to the guest bedroom.  You will stay the night, Alex," Prince Darin said.
	"Thank you, but that's not necessary."  Alex yawned once more.  "Maybe it is necessary.  Thank you for supper.  Good night."  She stood up and followed Eskin, the female servant, to the guest bedroom upstairs.  
Alex stood in awe of the room with its plush furnishings--Eskin urged her inside.  The floor was covered with a patterned wool rug, resembling a coral reef on the bottom of the ocean, and the bedding was made of sea blue silk with hand-embroidered fish, swimming in colorful schools.  Alex had never seen such a beautiful quilt.  
She sat on the blue velvet sofa where she found her clothes, dried and neatly folded and on the floor were her boots, dry and polished.  She moved her clothes to a nearby table and lay down on the sofa, sinking into the comfortable cushions.  She sighed and closed her eyes, relaxing after her hard ride and all that wine.
	
	She was about to fall asleep, when she overheard Mellen's voice in Elfspeak.  
"Tarsin, is it done?"  Her eyes popped open.  Tarsin's name came as a surprise, but it confirmed her suspicion--he was the accomplice.  She closed her eyes again to listen as the two Elves shared their thoughts.  This was the peculiar technique Prince Darin had told her not to do, but she had little control over it and remained as quiet as possible.  A few seconds later, Tarsin replied.
	"Not yet, Mellen.  Darin's mortal cousin showed up, a girl by the name of Alex.  She told him that you were going to rescue the prisoners, so he had me double the guards."
	"How did she know?"
	"I don't know.  He didn't tell me.  I have a new plan--poisoned wine.  I got some snowflake from the witches."
	"I didn't know he had a mortal cousin.  What does she look like?"
	"Tall, skinny, with black hair and blue eyes.  Darin called her an ugly mongrel."  
	"Hold on, I know her.  Where is she?"
	"Upstairs."
	"I'll take care of her.  Finish off Darin and Odin, now."
  
	Alarmed, Alex sat up, glancing around the room.  She heard Mellen's voice shout at her in Elfspeak, and his cold blue eyes glared at her.
	"I know you can hear me, bitch!"  His eyes narrowed.  "You're going to die!"  He laughed.
	A tingling sensation began at her temples and quickly radiated across her scalp.  Then pain stabbed at the center of her forehead--Alex grabbed her head and tried to block the pain, but it grew more intense until she screamed and curled up into a ball, rocking and crying at the same time.   
"No-o-o!"  Alex cried.  "You won't break me!"  Alex spewed thoughts of anger at Mellen and felt her pain ease.  As she braced herself for another round, she clutched her head with her hands and waited, but the pressure stopped altogether, and Mellen's face was gone.  
Her hands shook.  She didn't know it was possible to feel such terrible power through Elfspeak.  Her head was pounding, and she felt sick to her stomach.  She took several deep breaths and realized she had to find Prince Darin before he drank the wine, even if he did think she was an ugly mongrel.  
As she reached for her boots, she froze, alert to a noise outside her bedroom door.  Her eyes widened as she swept her long black hair from her face.  She leaned against the door and listened.  As she slowly turned the knob, she held her breath and opened it a crack to see Lord Odin at his bedroom door, staring at her.  She slipped out with her boots in hand.  
"I need to talk to you, Lord Odin…privately."  She gently pushed him inside his chamber and closed the door.
	"Are you all right, Alex?  I thought I heard you scream." 
	"Mellen did something to me in Elfspeak--I felt this pressure in my head.  I think I'm all right now."  She nodded.
	"It's called cranial thrust therapy.  Let me look at you.  It can be deadly."  He raised his glass to take a sip of wine first.
	"Don't drink that, Lord Odin."  Alex took his wineglass from his hand and set it on the table.  "It's been poisoned." 
"Don't be ridiculous.  Tarsin just poured it out of the bottle.  It's a new blend.  I want to try it."  Lord Odin reached around her for the glass.
Alex blocked him.  "A new blend?  Right--blended with poison.  He used snowflake.  We have to find Prince Darin."     
	"I just left him.  He was fine.  How do you know this?  Are you sure you're all right?"   
Alex grabbed his wrist as he reached for the glass once more.  "I heard Mellen talking to Tarsin in Elfspeak, and Tarsin said he poisoned the wine." 
	"Elfspeak?  You can hear our thoughts?"  Lord Odin raised his eyebrows.  "Oh yes, I recall this now."  Calmly, he picked a long green leaf from the flower arrangement and dipped it into the wine--it turned white.  His jaw dropped.  "My stars!  We must get to Prince Darin, now."  He grabbed a leather valise and threw it at Alex.  "Bring this."  
	Her knees buckled under the weight of the valise, but she held onto it without dropping her boots.  She followed him to the dining hall as she glanced around on the lookout for Tarsin.  

Lord Odin waved his hand to open the heavy wooden door and found Prince Darin sprawled out on the floor, unconscious.  His face was as white as a snowflake.
Alex ran in beside him, setting the valise down with a thud.  She caught her breath and stared at her cousin as she slipped her boots on.
"Why is his face so white?"  She grimaced.
"It's a sign of the poison."  Lord Odin fumbled through the bottles in the valise.  "Where's my antidote for snowflake?"  He checked again.  "I don't have it."   
"I used mint when I was poisoned with it once, but I didn't turn white like this.  At least, no one said I did."
"Mint?  Well, it won't hurt."  Lord Odin rummaged through the valise and found a large bottle of dried mint leaves.  "Get some hot water, Alex."  He examined the bottles once more.  "Unicorn horn shavings.  This will absorb the poison.  Where's the hot water?"  He emptied the bottle of mint leaves into a bowl.
Alex returned with a kettle of hot water, pouring it over the mint leaves.  
Lord Odin added the unicorn horn shavings, and the potion sizzled and steamed.  He stirred it, put a small amount on a spoon, and blew on it.  
"Open his mouth," he said.  
Alex used her fingers to move her cousin's lips apart, and Lord Odin poured several drops of the cooled potion onto his teeth, then moved his cheeks around.

After several long seconds, the Prince tasted the mint on his lips.  His breathing was shallow, but he was alive.  His eyes fluttered open, and his hand moved.  
Lord Odin and Alex sighed in unison.  
At that moment, a male servant ran into the room.  "My lord, the guards are dying."  
"Gather the servants.  I'll need help."  Lord Odin waved at him.  With Alex's assistance, he made more of the potion as the servants arrived.
Alex administered the potion to two guards at the other end of the hall.  Then, she ran out the door, heading to the front gate with a bowl of potion.  When she reached the courtyard, she was knocked over from behind.  Her bowl shattered on the ground.  
Tarsin grabbed her by the hair and turned her around, punching her in the face.  She fell to the ground and saw Tarsin standing over her with clenched fists.
"Tarsin, the ship."  Another male Elf pulled on his arm.  "Come on, they're waiting."
Disgusted, Tarsin spat at her and ran off.
Alex wiped the spittle off her face and shook her head to clear it.  She stumbled to the gate where a whistle drew her attention to the port.  A lone ship sailed away with a group of raucous Elves on board.  She clearly heard Tarsin's voice among them.    
	Lord Odin pulled her back.  "Get back inside.  We must secure the fortress."  With a wave of his hand, the fallen guards were levitated into the compound, and the gates closed.
Alex stared at the guards in amazement--she had never witnessed levitation before.
She ran to the first guard and turned him over; his face shone white in the moonlight.  She administered a teaspoon of the potion from Lord Odin's bowl and moved on to the next.  His face was also white, and she gave him a spoonful.  The two guards began to stir as some servants came to help.
	"Alex, let's check on Prince Darin."  Lord Odin grabbed her arm, and they headed inside.

	The Prince hadn't moved, but was awake.  His once vibrant blue eyes stared vacantly at the ceiling.  He blinked several times, trying to focus, and licked his lips.  His breathing was regular but shallow, and his face was still very white.
	Lord Odin hovered over him.  "You're going to be fine, Prince Darin.  Alex, give him more of the potion and keep his head elevated, so he won't choke on it."  
Alex sat on the floor and lifted Prince Darin's head to her lap.  
Lord Odin handed her a spoon and placed a bowl beside her.  "Here, remember make the doses small and keep his head up."   
	Alex monitored her cousin's condition as Lord Odin and the servants brought twenty poisoned guards to the dining hall for treatment.  All were doing better, but still very ill. 

	Prince Darin reached for her.  "Alex, what happened?"    
	Alex squeezed his hand.  "Tarsin poisoned the wine.  I heard him Elfspeak to Mellen."
	"Tarsin?  And Mellen?  What did they say?"	
"Mellen asked Tarsin if it was done, and he said no because you had put more guards on duty.  Tarsin told him he poisoned the wine with snowflake to free the prisoners and sailed away on a ship.  They're all gone." 
	"Tarsin, my own general?  No doubt he'd kept Mellen informed all these years.  So, that's how he managed to escape me."  His eyes struggled to focus on her.  "What else did they say?"  
	"That was all.  Thank the stars, I saw Lord Odin before he drank the wine.  Then, we found you." 
	"How many guards?"  He tried to sit up and look around.
	"Just relax, Prince Darin.  There are twenty guards here, and they're responding to the potion just like you are."
Prince Darin grabbed her collar, bringing her face close to his.  He gritted his teeth and said, "Alex, kill Mellen and Tarsin for me.  I know you can do it.  Find them and kill them.  They must be stopped.  You are my cousin--we are bound to each other.  Swear it to me!"  
	"M-Me?"  Alex stammered.
	"Where's your blade?"  
Alex pulled her assassin's blade from her wrist cuff and flicked it open, handing it to him.   He pricked his finger on the sharp edge and let the blood flow along the thin blade.  
"What are you doing?"  She gasped. 
"This is how Elves assign a dangerous mission--a Blood Mission."  He watched his blood drip slowly onto the blade.
"A Blood Mission?  You mean like I must complete it or die?"
"Yes, my blood authorizes you to complete this task, whatever it takes.  If you need anything, just ask.  I owe you my life.  I will be in your debt forever."  Exhausted, he fell back against her lap and closed his eyes.  The knife clattered on the floor.
"Prince Darin?"  Alex shook him, but he didn't wake up.  "Damn it, wake up!"  Just then, Mellen's face flashed through her mind--his evil smile gave her the chills.  Her head began throbbing once more, and her vision blurred.  
"No--" Alex stopped mid-sentence, directing angry thoughts at Mellen.  She envisioned blood dripping from his nose--then everything turned black, and she slumped to the floor beside her cousin.
Chapter 2

UNICORN HORN
	
	When Alex opened her eyes, Lord Odin knelt in front of her and put his hand on her head.  
"How do you feel?"
	"Awful."  Alex felt a tingling in her head and pushed his hand away.  "My head hurts.  Was I poisoned?"  She stared at her knife on the floor.
	"What did you use the knife for?"
	"Prince Darin wanted it.  He cut his hand."
	"What for?"
	Alex hesitated.  "He assigned me a mission--as his cousin."
Lord Odin nodded.  "A Blood Mission.  Did you touch it?"
	"I don't think so, but I can taste blood.  Wait, I think it's mine."  She moved her tongue around her mouth.  
	"I doubt the poison had any impact on you, but it appears you've received another cranial thrust.  Let me look at you."  He wiped blood away from her nose with his finger and checked the inside of her mouth.
	"How's Prince Darin?" she asked.
	"Better.  Hold still--let me check your ears."  He turned her head to the side.  "You have a nosebleed and some blood in your ears.  Hold this towel against your nose.  You'll heal.  I'll get you something for your headache.  How did you get this bruise on your cheek?"
	"Tarsin hit me before he ran out of the gate."
	"I'll be right back." 
	Alex's pain intensified.  She closed her eyes again, even the candlelight felt like spikes pounding into her brain.  When she felt Lord Odin's warm hand on her face, she opened her eyes.
	"Open your mouth.  Chew on this willow bark," he said.
	"Willow bark?  Like from a tree?  What will that do?"
	"Trust me, I'm a Tree Elf."  Lord Odin placed a small piece of bark in her mouth.
	Alex chewed hard on the tough bark.  It had a bitter taste, and it hurt to chew.  "What is this cranial thrust thing?  I've never heard of it before."
	"It's a medical technique to stop bleeding inside the head or to stimulate certain areas of the brain with gentle thrusts of energy.  However, when it's misused, it can be a deadly weapon."
	"How?"  Alex swallowed a mouthful of saliva and chewed again.
	"The energy thrusts should be small and controlled, but when it's allowed to increase beyond tolerable levels, the brain literally explodes.  That's why the crude name for it is brain buster. You're very lucky not to have sustained worse injuries.  How did you fight him off?"
	"I screamed at him and told him no.  Then I sent him hateful thoughts."  
	"That worked."  He chuckled.  "It takes a year to train a healer on how to use it properly."
	"Mellen was a healer?"  Alex's eyes widened.
	"Once, long ago.  I trained him on the procedure."
	"What should I do if he tries it again?"
	"Whatever you did this time.  It worked."
	"I think this bark is working.  I feel better."  She nodded.
	"Good, keep chewing on it.  I still need your help."  Lord Odin handed her some coins.  "Here's five silvers.  Find the Witches of Winden, and tell them that I need as many unicorn horn shavings as possible.  Tell them it's urgent, but don't say why."  He helped her to her feet and escorted her to the door.

*	*	*

	The sun was just rising as Alex trotted to the witches' cottage at the north end of the harbor.  After taking several deep breaths, she noted her headache was gone, and her cheek was no longer sore.  She knocked on the door several times before she heard a sleepy voice from inside.
	"What do you want?"  A pale gray eye stared out of the peephole.
	"Lord Odin sent me to find the Witches of Winden."
	"Lord Odin?"  The door unlocked and opened slightly.  "Why?"  
	"He needs as many unicorn horn shavings as possible.  It's urgent."  Alex recognized the woman.  "Oh, I remember you.  You're Aqua, Lady of the Rain."
	"What does he need unicorn horn for?  I don't have any prepared."
	"I don't know.  He just said it was urgent and gave me five silvers to pay you."  Alex showed her the coins.
	Aqua's eyes grew large.  "Come in, girl."  She wrapped her old brown robe tighter and pulled her gray hair back from her pale wrinkled face.
	Alex stepped past the woman who stood no higher than her chest and sat at the table.  She turned when another woman stepped from the bedroom; Alex knew her, too.  Her name was Eclipse, Daughter of the Moon.
	"Who are you talking to, Aqua?"  Eclipse wore a long pink robe and slippers.  She put her hand over her mouth when she saw Alex.  
	"Lord Odin will pay us five silvers for some unicorn horn shavings."  Aqua shuffled around and opened a small wooden crate.  "I just got one in, but I have to shave it down."  She pulled out a white horn, cut into a piece about a foot long.  It was straight and so white it looked translucent. 
	"Where did you get that?"  Alex asked.
	"The unicorns shed them every year.  If you're lucky, you can find one on the ground.  You need to have them fresh, like this one.  See how white it is."  Aqua flashed a toothy grin and rubbed the horn with her bony hands.
	"It's beautiful," Alex said.
	Eclipse pointed at Alex.  "You're the Ace of Clubs, aren't you?"
	"Oh, you mean from my fortune?  Yes."
	"Would you like to see more of your future?"
	"I don't have any more money."
	"No charge.  Let me get my cards."  Eclipse picked up a deck of cards from the shelf and shuffled them.  Using one hand, she spread them in a line across the table.  "Pick a card."
	Alex turned over the Ace of Spades.  "Uh-oh.  It's a Spade, the upside-down black heart, so someone is going to break my heart."  She rolled her eyes.
	"Literally.  It means someone is going to try to kill you."
	"I thought that was a Club."
	"In this case, it's the Ace that's important.  You’re the Ace of Clubs, and this is the Ace of Spades, a death card.  Two black Aces are poised against each other.  Only one will win.  A Club can defeat a Spade only if it remains alert.  We should hire you.  You're very good."  
	Alex stared at the card.  It had to be Mellen, her Blood Mission.
 	Eclipse poured three cups of tea, and Alex pulled out the stick from the honey pot, letting some drip into her cup.  Then, she stirred it and took a sip.  It was delicious.
Aqua frowned at Eclipse, but set out a piece of paper on a small bench and found her grater.  Holding the horn in one hand, she passed it over the metal blade.  The horn was hard, but thin shavings fell onto the paper in a small mound.
At the table, Eclipse removed a cork from a bottle and poured a spoonful of liquid into her tea.
	Alex pinched her nose.  "Phew!  What's that?  It stinks."  
	"Sorry, I'm feeling a little weak today.  It restores my magic."
	"What happens to it?"
	"It's this island.  It drains our magic away."  Eclipse sipped her tea.  "Would you like some potion, Aqua?"  She ladled a spoonful into her cup.
	"How long does it last?"  Alex smelled the bottle, wrinkling her nose.
	"Not as long as we want."  
	"Who would pay for this?"  Alex pushed the bottle away from her.  
	Aqua giggled.  "Mellen.  He was so desperate." 
	"Why was he desperate?"  Alex raised her eyebrows.  
	"He said he needed it for magic."
	"What kind of magic?  Elf magic?"
	"I don't know."  Aqua drank her tea down and went back to shaving the horn.  She showed Alex five mounds of shavings.  "Here, this should do him."  Aqua folded up the paper and handed it to Alex.  
	Alex handed her the five silvers, and Aqua pushed her out the door, closing it firmly behind her.
	Once alone, Aqua scolded Eclipse.  "Don't give away your fortunes for free."
	"Aqua, don't you remember her?  She's the Ace of Clubs, the Black Elf, the one who killed the Horseman."
	"Then she also killed the Wizard.  She's the most dangerous Elf on Seaward Isle.  If only I had the power to call up Shadows like the Wizard, I'd take care of her."  Aqua shook her fist.
	"Well, you can't, and neither can I.  The cards tell me that she won't pose a threat to us, so long as we don't threaten her."  Eclipse put the cards on the shelf.
   	Meanwhile, Alex made her way back to the fortress.  Her pain was completely gone, so she made a mental note to add some willow bark to her kit in case Mellen tried it again.  But why would he need the witches' potion?  Does the island affect the Elves the same as the witches?  She sighed, her thoughts returning to Eclipse's reading.  Why had she picked a card?  And why that one?  The Ace of Spades.  Whatever the future was, it sounded ominous, and Mellen was in the middle of it.   

*	*	*

When she returned to the fortress, Alex handed the package to Lord Odin.  He quickly added some shavings to a fresh pot of mint and stirred it, making it to sizzle and steam.
	"Why does it do that?"  Alex leaned over the pot.
	"Unicorn horn is very powerful and can absorb poison."  Lord Odin stirred it again.  A servant held a tray of cups as he ladled the potion into them.  Just as he poured the second cup, he paused and looked up.  "What am I doing?  I'm not thinking clearly."
	"What's wrong?"  Alex asked.
	"I should have had you ask the witches for the antidote.  Oh my!"  He shook his head and filled the next cup.  "Did they give you any problems?"  
	"No, I woke them up.  Aqua had to shave a horn down that's why it took so long.  Why do witches lose their magical powers on this island?  Do you?"
	"Magic is very sensitive to certain conditions.  I developed a potion for Aqua many years ago.  At the time, she was so weak that she was close to death.  It doesn't affect Elves."
	"Why would an Elf want it?" 
	"No reason.  Why?  Who are you talking about?"
"Mellen.  She sold him some.  He must have needed it to call on the Shadows."
"That's mortal magic and it's forbidden."
"But it makes sense.  Mellen can use the Wizard Mylar's magic over the Shadows, but the island must weaken it, so he needs more of the potion." 
	"Yes, I see."  Lord Odin put the ladle down and sent the servant away with the filled cups.  "Prince Darin said he found Aqua and her friend in the mountains about a year ago.  She must have found the Wizard Mylar's hiding place and given him the potion to regain his power.  Then, he attacked the Lord Governor of Eastern Borders."
	"That's Governor Tyrone--he's my benefactor.  Can the witches call up Shadows like Mylar?"
	"No, that sort of magic requires a great deal of power and skill, which they don't have, even with the potion."
	"How can Mellen do it?"
	"I'm not sure--he is powerful, and apparently, the Wizard taught him how to do it.  And thanks to that potion, Mellen can continue the Wizard's dark magic."  Lord Odin gripped her hand.  "You do realize that it isn't polite to eavesdrop on conversations in Elfspeak.  I will permit it, only if you restrain yourself."
	"Yes, Lord Odin.  I just don't know how to control it, but I seem to hear Mellen a lot."
	"Good.  Listen to him, and tell me."  He raised her face to him and stared her in the eyes.  "Are you sure Tarsin was involved?"
	"I'm sure.  He punched me in the face when he ran away."  Alex pointed to her cheek.  
	"All right.  Come with me."  
Together, they left the fortress and headed to the witches' cottage by the harbor.  
"Is this the house you went to, this morning?" he asked her.  
	Alex nodded, and he knocked on the door.  
Aqua opened it and curtsied to the floor.  "What an honor, Lord Odin."  She held the door to balance herself.  "Do you remember my friend, Eclipse, Daughter of the Moon?"  
Eclipse curtsied as well.  "An honor, Lord Odin."  
He nodded to them.
Aqua wrung her hands together.  "You bring this young girl back with you.  Was there a problem with the shavings, my lord?"  
	"No, but I have a question for you.  Do you keep the poison called snowflake?"  
	"I sold the last of it to Tarsin.  He said he needed it to kill the rats in the fortress.  Do you need more?  I can get some, but it'll take a little time.  Did I do something wrong, my lord?"
	"No, but do you have the antidote?"
	"No…why would you need an antidote for rats?"  
	"It was used improperly, resulting in the need for an antidote.  I used the unicorn horn to absorb the poison, but I must warn you that it did a lot of damage."  He paused.  "I was also told that you also sold some of the potion that restores your magic.  That potion was only meant for you.  You will not sell it to the Elf Mellen or anyone else again.  Am I clear?"
	"Yes, my lord.  Can I give some to Eclipse?  She has the same problem."
	"Of course.  Just don't give any to Mellen."
	"I was just trying to help.  He seemed so desperate."  
	"Don't help him anymore."  Lord Odin marched away from the house with Alex trailing behind him.  
	At the fortress gate, Lord Odin angrily slammed his fist against the wall.  "Alex, Prince Darin has assigned you a Blood Mission, and you must complete it.  You're much too young, but you're the only one we can trust."
	"I don't think I can do it, Lord Odin; Mellen is much stronger than I am.  Look at what he did to me with that brain buster.  You need someone with more experience."
	"You're an Elf, Alex.  You must do this."  He turned away and returned to the main house.

	Alex stood in the courtyard and sighed.  She gathered her weapons from the armory, not quite sure what to do next.  She went upstairs to pack her belongings.  It was too late for her to run away from this assignment, but she was terrified.  Mellen was powerful, stronger than she.  She'd never heard of cranial thrust therapy, let alone used it.  She wasn't even sure what she did to make it stop. 
Despite her doubts, she knew she had to kill Mellen.  This was personal.  He had helped the pirates who killed her adoptive mother, Scout Nora; he had protected the Wizard Mylar when he attacked Governor Tyrone, and he had tried to kill her with a Shadow and now, with a brain buster.  His latest action against her cousin was downright despicable.  She would have done it, even without a tasking.    

*	*	*

From the Prince's chamber, Lord Odin stared out the window, watching Alex ride away.  
	"Lord Odin, my thanks."  Prince Darin said from his bed.
	"Alex is the one to thank.  I understand you tasked her with a Blood Mission."
	"Yes, this will truly test her ability as a soldier.  I'll help her if I can."
	"You're going to need a lot of rest, my friend.  It'll take you months to recover.  I must get the correct antidote for your recovery to be complete.  We can help her, but in the end, Alex will have to do this alone."
	Prince Darin sighed.  "I just can't believe it was Tarsin.  We've known each other since we were children."
	"Too many Elves are leaving us.  I can't control it anymore.  Mellen and Tarsin represent hundreds who are living among the mortals.  It's tempting, but mortals can also be greedy, undisciplined, and violent.  We, Elves, are the only ones who've maintained harmony and balance.  Now, piracy threatens to destroy this civilization.  It won't take much to bring it down."
	"There must be another way to stop Mellen."
	"If you think of it, let me know, and you can release Alex from this Blood Mission."
	"The only way I know is to get off this island, and there's no hope of that."
	"Don't give up hope yet.  I have an idea.  Alex's grandfather Themius once stopped the storms for a few seconds.  After he was killed, I tested his grandchildren in Leesdale, but none of them could do it.  But I never tested Alex.  Think about it, Prince Darin.  She can overhear Elfspeak like her grandfather--maybe she can stop the storms, too."
	Lord Odin looked over at the Prince and saw his eyes closed.  He tucked the covers over his friend.  He didn't want him to know his true feelings of desperation.  Almost a thousand years ago, Prince Darin had rescued him as he had fled from a failed peace conference in Eledon.  The Prince took a shortcut home, but it led them here to Seaward Isle where they were caught in the storms around this island.  They'd been stranded ever since.  If he didn't get back in another year, he could lose his seat on the Council of Elders.  Alex was his only hope.

Chapter 3

THE CAMPAIGN

	Later that afternoon, there was a light knock on the door of Prince Darin's chamber, and the door opened.  Eskin looked in and glanced at Prince Darin, fast asleep.  She turned to Lord Odin and curtsied.
	"Lord Odin, forgive me, but a young mortal woman has arrived to see Prince Darin and refuses to leave.  What shall I tell her?"
	Lord Odin waved his hand for her to step into to the hall.  "Who is it, Eskin?"
	"Her name is Olivia Richards.  She's the reporter from the King's Weekly Journal--she said she wanted to talk to him about the disturbance last night."
	"I'll speak to her."
	"Thank you, my lord.  She's in the parlor."
	He retrieved his purple robe from his bedroom and slid it over his lavender tunic.  Then he checked on Prince Darin again before he went downstairs. 

	Olivia was irritated.  That Elf servant had been downright rude, telling her to go away.  She strolled up to a mirror and checked her hair.  The wind had gotten hold of it, and it stood out like a light brown afro.  She pulled out the wooden Elf comb from her pocket and ran it through.  Her hair fell into place with soft curls.  The comb was truly a miracle to be able to straighten her frizz.  If she had something like this back in New York, she'd be a millionaire by now.  
She put the comb away and checked her makeup, pulling her tube of lipstick from her skirt pocket.  The lipstick had been a lucky find in the salvage warehouse.  Not only was it still in its original package, but it was also in her favorite shade of pink.  Unfortunately, she didn't find any mascara.  Without it, her blue eyes seemed so pale.  Then, she pinched her pale cheeks to make them appear a little pinker since she didn't have any blush.    
When she heard footsteps, she quickly put her lipstick away and straightened her white peasant-style blouse and full skirt, the only style for daily wear available for women on the island.  She hated it.
	When Lord Odin came into the room, Olivia was surprised.  
"Lord Odin, I didn't expect to see you."  She extended her hand.  "Do you remember me?  I'm Olivia Richards, journalist."
	"Yes, of course, I remember.  Please sit down.  You're looking well.  Have you adjusted to the island?"
	"Well sort of.  It's quite an intriguing place, but I must admit I can't wait for the day when I can leave it all behind."
	"I understand.  How's your husband John?"
	"Fine, keeping busy.  I wanted to speak to Prince Darin about the disturbance here last night, and I'm also beginning a new campaign for survivor's rights.  Is he here?"
	Lord Odin wrinkled his brow.  "He is, but he won't be able to speak to you right now.  He's ill."
	"Is it serious?"
	"I'm afraid so.  We Elves don't get sick very often, but when we do, it's serious.  Can I answer any questions for you?"
	Olivia reached into her skirt pocket and pulled out a small tape recorder.  "Do you mind if I use this again?"
	"What was it called?"
	"A tape recorder."  She turned it on.  "This is Olivia Richards speaking to Lord Odin in place of Prince Darin.  Lord Odin, what's the nature of Prince Darin's illness?"
	He hesitated slightly.  "I'm in the early stages of diagnosis.  He may have caught a disease from one of the mortals he came in contact with, called a cold.  It's highly contagious.  What were you going to ask him?"
	"Can you tell me about the disturbance that took place here last night?"
	"Disturbance?"
	"According to my sources, several Elves were seen, lying face down at the gate as several others ran to a ship in the harbor."
	"Just a minor scuffle.  Nothing to be concerned about.  They're all fine."
	"Nothing?"
	"No, just some young Elves feeling their oats, as mortals say."
	"I see."  Olivia paused and drew a deep breath.  "On a different subject, I'm beginning a campaign to improve conditions for those who are newly shipwrecked on the island.  I've heard that many survivors have been sold into slavery, including small children.  In addition, women have been forced into prostitution.  I've found there's no central registry in Southport to document their arrival or to show where they come from, and there isn't a program set up to help them assimilate into society.  What do the Elves do?"
	"We haven't had any new survivors since our arrival almost a thousand years ago."
	"Why not?"
	"I wish I knew.  Perhaps the two ships that escaped the storms were able to warn others about this island."
	"There's no warning system for the rest of us.  We just show up here."  
	"Have you spoken with King Pallis?"
	"I have.  He told me to check the library.  There's nothing there, but old papers.  He gave me the run-around."  
	"Perhaps he meant the library in Agana.  Most of the shipwrecks occur on that side of the island.  I believe there is some sort of registration process."
	"Oh, I guess that's possible."
	"I can arrange a ship to take you there, if you wish."
	"That would be lovely.  Thank you."  Olivia touched her chest lightly with her hand.
	"When can you leave?  Today?"
	"Tomorrow at the earliest."
	"Excellent.  I'll have a ship ready."
	"Should I come here?"  Olivia stood up.
	"Yes, I would recommend that you take your husband with you, Olivia.  He can provide extra security.  As you know, these are dangerous times, especially for a beautiful young woman."  He escorted her to the door.
	"I'll tell him what you said."  Olivia blushed.  "Thanks again."  She went out the door and left.  She felt sure Lord Odin was hiding something about the disturbance and Prince Darin's condition, but at least, he was receptive to her campaign.

	Lord Odin went to the window, relieved that she was gone.  Olivia wasn't a direct threat, but she was too inquisitive and persistent.  He needed a plan to keep her away long enough for Prince Darin to recover.  Internal Elf issues didn't need to be displayed in the Journal.
	"Seculus," Lord Odin said in Elfspeak.
	"Yes, Lord Odin."  Seculus saluted and bowed his head.
	"Have your ship ready to sail tomorrow morning.  You will escort a young mortal woman and her husband to Agana.  Her name is Olivia Richards, and her husband's name is John."
	"The one who did that interview with you?"
	"The same.  She wants to improve the conditions for new survivors.  Help her as much as you can.  Take her to the library in Agana and to the barrier rocks along the southern coast.  Take as much time as possible."
	"Yes, my lord.  What about your return to Ridgedale?"
	"I'll arrange another ship."
	"I'll take care of that for you.  May I ask another question?"
	"Of course, what is it?"
	"Is Prince Darin all right?  I heard he was poisoned."
	"You heard that already?"
	"Yes, is it true?"
	"Unfortunately, it is.  How did you find out about it?  I haven't had time to tell anyone."
	"My cousin told me.  He heard it from your servants in Ridgedale.  Your daughter is most concerned."
	"I do need to speak to her.  He's in very serious condition, but he'll survive.  We need to keep this matter private, away from Olivia Richards.  I don't want it to show up in the Journal."
	"I understand.  How did it happen?"
	"I believe it was Tarsin."
	"Tarsin?  It can't be.  How did you find out?"  Seculus frowned.
	"Alex."
	"The Titan's grandchild?"
	"Yes, she's like her grandfather.  Thank you, Seculus.  Be here tomorrow."
	"Yes, my lord."  He bowed.
Chapter 4

COLONEL JEFFREY

Colonel Jeffrey, the young brother of the King of Northeast Forest, boarded the early morning ferry in Riverton, heading south to the city of Agana, the crown jewel of the island with the best port facilities, a deep-water harbor, and the largest population.  
As the ferry docked, Colonel Jeffrey waved at his longtime friend, Ambassador Wendell, the emissary from Northeast Forest to Agana.  They embraced like brothers and strolled to a nearby boarding house, located near the tenements in the poor section of town.  
Once inside, the Colonel removed his hat, revealing his neatly trimmed blond hair as he jogged up the stairs, leaving his friend in the lobby to negotiate the purchase of whiskey--a side business of the owner of the boarding house.  When he reached the top of the stairs, a door magically opened for him.
	He stepped inside and saw the two Elves, Mellen and Thorne, waiting for him.  As the door closed behind him, the Elves stood in unison.  
	"Colonel Jeffrey, it's good to see you."  Mellen grinned.  "What can we do for you?"
	"You were supposed to kill her, Mellen.  You failed, Elf!"  
	"Whom do you speak of?"  He raised an eyebrow and shook his head.
	"My brother, Hodges, paid you one gold knot to kill that girl, Alex.  We even brought her out on the porch for you.  She destroyed one of the Shadows and broke away from me.  Then she pushed Hodges into the second one."
"I have no memory of that night.  Thorne could only tell me part of it."
"Excuses!"  The Colonel frowned.
	"What was her name?  Alex?  How did she destroy the Shadows?  And how did she get away from you, the all-powerful Colonel?"  Mellen sneered at him.
	"I knew I couldn't rely on fucking Elves."  Colonel Jeffrey gritted his teeth.  "I'll have to do this myself."  He put on his hat and left.  

	Once he was gone, Thorne seethed with anger. He pushed Mellen in the chest.  "That girl is the same one who killed the Wizard Mylar.  She's the stupid Elf girl with black hair.  She must be destroyed."
	"I know, but we must wait.  Everyone's looking for us."  Mellen paced around the small dark room like a caged animal.  
	"We cannot let Colonel Jeffrey speak to us like this.  We must kill him, too."
	"Not here.  His friend is downstairs."
	"Kill them both."  Thorne started to the door.
	Mellen grabbed his arm.  "Don't be foolish.  Our time will come."  He grabbed his head and sat down, rubbing his temples.
	"Are you all right?"  
	"My head hurts."
	"From what?"
	"The brain buster I sent to Prince Darin's cousin, that Alex, the one Colonel Jeffrey was talking about.  She's the one who told him about the escape plans."
	"How did she know?"
	"Don't know.  She blocked my brain buster and sent one back.  Now, I have this splitting headache."  He massaged his forehead.
	"Use the potion--the Shadow might be able to heal you."
	"I don't have enough.  I'll need it for later."
	Thorne paced.  "How could she resist it?  It kills."
	"Maybe not to a half-breed.  She's too dense."  Mellen laughed, but it hurt his head.  "Get me some willow bark for this headache."  He rubbed his face and vomited on the floor.

	At the bottom of the stairs, Colonel Jeffrey found Wendell and grabbed his arm.  "Let's get out of here."
	"Wait, I just bought some whiskey.  They're bringing it now."  Wendell pointed to a man with several bottles in his arms.  "Where are the casks?"
	"Coming, sir.  My assistant is bringing them out.  Where do you want them?"
	"Take them to the ship, Red Hare, at the port of Agana, slip twenty-two, for delivery to Ambassador Hodges's former residence in Verity."
	"We ain't permitted.  It's against the law to take any in--by order of the King of Northeast Forest."
	"Here.  Make sure it gets there."  Wendell gave the man a handful of gold coins.
	"Yes, sir."  The man grinned and pocketed the coins in his old tweed jacket.  
Wendell picked up two bottles, handing them to Jeffrey and slid the other two into his cloak pocket.  He set his hat on his head, cocking it at a slight angle, and nodded at the clerk.

	Jeffrey and Wendell left the old brick building and glanced at the rundown neighborhood.  The two men frowned at some children, dressed in rags playing in the street.  Their fine clothing, hand-tailored suits and cloaks made of the finest merino wool, stood out in stark contrast.
	"I'd better get back before anyone misses me, Wendell."  Jeffrey put his hand on his friend's shoulder.  
	"I really miss Hodges, Jeffrey.  I don't think I can do this alone, and I don't trust those Elves.  They could go after my wife."  He pulled his hat down over his eyes.
	"I'll keep an eye on her.  I miss him, too.  See you later."  Jeffrey embraced his friend, and they went in separate directions.  
Ambassador Wendell stayed behind, handing out copper pennies to the raggedy children.  Colonel Jeffrey strode quickly to the port to board the ferry that would take him to Riverton.  From there, he would ride home to Verity, the landlocked capital city of his brother's Kingdom.  

*	*	*

Of the three mortal kingdoms on Seaward Isle, the Kingdom of Northeast Forest was the smallest with the fewest resources, but the largest Army.  The King, Lord Ellsworth, stood in his office at the palace, reviewing the long list of goods recovered from the pirate cave.  
He was over forty years old now--an old injury to his back made standing a chore and often left him hunched over by the end of the day.  Hobbling to his desk, he sat down to review another receipt from the bookkeeper and stared in disbelief at the number.  He said aloud, "Fifteen hundred and two."
	At that moment, Colonel Jeffrey stepped into the office.  "Fifteen hundred and two what, Ellsworth?"  
	"Jeffrey, when did you get here?"
	"Just now.  Is your back bothering you again?"
	"Yes, I'll be fine."
	"So what's fifteen hundred and two about?"
	"The number of gold knots found in the pirate cave."
	Jeffrey let out a low whistle.  "That's a lot of gold."
	"Not to mention all the goods we found and the finder's fees we've gotten.  The kingdom is saved from bankruptcy, Jeffrey.  We have Alex to thank for that, even though she killed Hodges.  Did you ever find out why he did it?  I just don't understand why my own brother would turn on me and become a spy for the pirates."
	"No, but it would be nice to get everyone paid, especially my soldiers."
	"True.  It shall be done along with all the creditors, especially Lord Pallis.  I have a special deal for him."
	"What do you mean?"
	"I intend to show him the emerald and diamond necklace you found in the cave along with the comb and dagger that belonged to his ward, Lady Elissa."
	"What for?"  Jeffrey bit his lip, then quickly, pressed his lips together.
	"To make him forgive our debt.  It should be worth at least half, if not all.  Then all we'll have to worry about is Agana.  What's the latest on the location of the Elf Mellen?"
	"As a matter of fact, the last sighting of him was in Agana.  The Commandant said he'll assign a tracker to hunt him down and kill him."  	
"Who's going?  Major Jimm?  He's experienced."  
	"No, the Commandant will assign that girl, Alex, to do it."  
	"She's much too young and doesn't have enough experience.  This is Mellen we're talking about, the most dangerous of all the Elves."
	"She also has Elf blood.  Takes one to catch one.  The Commandant thought it only practical."
	"He's putting her in harm's way.  Women should be protected, even Elf women.  She's a lady of my court, you know."  
"Just think of it this way, brother--if she's dead, you won't have to pay her any rewards for finding the pirate spy or that cave.  Based on what you said, it's going to be substantial."  
	"What if she succeeds in killing Mellen and survives?  We must consider all options."
"I'll kill her myself."  Jeffrey hit the palm of his hand with his fist.
	"No, that won't do.  You'd be found guilty of murder, Jeffrey."  Ellsworth paced the floor.  "If she survives, you must marry her.  Her estate is substantial--not only is she eligible for the rewards, but she also has a large inheritance from her father.  She's the richest woman on Seaward Isle, so her dowry will be substantial.  I want to keep her money in my kingdom and in my family."
	"I can't marry her.  She's not old enough, and besides, she's a witch.  I saw her use magic to open and close doors in the walls of mountains.  She's evil."
	"She'll be sixteen soon, so begin courting her now.  Then, once you're married," Ellsworth reminded him, "if she dies, you'll get everything."  
	Jeffrey paused, thinking hard.  Then he nodded, a slow grin spreading across his handsome features.  "That could work.  As a matter of fact, my dear brother, it's brilliant."  

Chapter 5

BERSAMON

In the palace at Agana, Bersamon grinned, curling his long dark mustache with his fingers.  Everything was going according to plan.  The kingdom was almost his.  As he looked in the mirror, he frowned as he adjusted his robe made of green and black silk, his brother's colors.  Soon, he would change them for his colors of red and black.  He imagined a crown on his head--a crown of pure gold would look good set against his dark olive skin and black hair.  A few diamonds and rubies would be nice as well.  He rubbed his large belly for luck and laughed aloud. 
Bersamon thought tenderly about his older brother, Agamon, the King.  He didn't want to kill him, but had no choice.  It was the plan Ambassador Wendell had explained to him.  Everything had been arranged.  
A few moments later in the grand throne room, Bersamon greeted his older brother, Agamon, with a warm embrace.
"It's late, Bersamon.  Why do you come now?"  Agamon asked.  "Do you have a question for me?  I'm very proud of how much you've learned."
	"Thank you, my dear brother.  I wish to bring you a gift, if I may.  It can't wait until morning."
	"Well, what is it?  Where is it?" 
	"Come to the study."  Bersamon led the way placing his hand on his brother's shoulder.
	Despite his age and gray hair, Agamon smiled like a child getting a gift.  He proudly showed off the large gold chain around his neck over his green and black robe.  

Inside the study, two tall male Elves waited for the King.  When he entered, they saluted, touching their chests with their right hands and bowing with respect.  Mellen and Thorne were so close in appearance they could be mistaken for brothers. 
"You're bringing me Elves?  This is most unusual, Bersamon," Agamon said. 
"No, my brother.  I bring you a gift.  Mellen?" 
Mellen's eyes opened wide like a madman's.  He pointed to Agamon.  "Shadow, kill Agamon."
The King spun around and saw a large black shape, bristling with dark energy, looming in front of him.  It moved swiftly towards him.  The Shadow merged into him--Agamon fell to the hard marble floor.  At first, he choked and reached for his brother, and his body went into convulsions before he died.
Bersamon stood aside and watched his brother on the floor, dying.  When it was done, he laughed, clapped his hands, and opened the door for Mellen and Thorne to leave.  Only after they left did he stand in the hall and call for help.  Guards came quickly and found Agamon dead. 
A few hours later, Bersamon, the usurper, in his robe of red and black silk, entered the throne room, garishly decorated with his banners.  He eagerly fingered the gold necklace and thought about the gold crown he would order.  His smile turned to a frown when he thought about the exterior banners that would remain in the old colors, green and black.  Ambassador Wendell said it was part of the plan to reduce tension in the city during the changeover.  Bersamon would have preferred to have his colors displayed, but agreed to it, in order to reduce any rioting that usually accompanied sudden shifts of power.  
He ordered a thirty-day period of mourning and signed a decree to begin the arrests of his opponents. They would be rounded up and placed in prison at the Green Stone Mine, as tradition dictated.  When they were subdued, his supporters would officially elect him the King of Agana. 
Chapter 6

LOCUST

	In Southport, Olivia and John left their cottage on the way to catch the ship Lord Odin had promised, when she pulled John to a stop.  
	"What's wrong?  What are we stopping for?"  John asked.
	"I have to talk to the witches before I leave.  They're the only ones I haven't surveyed."  
	John rolled his eyes and set the suitcases down.  "I'll wait here."
	Olivia knocked on the door and waited.  Just as she was about to turn away, Eclipse opened it.  
"Good morning.  My name is Olivia Richards from the King's Weekly Journal.  I'm conducting a survey.  I'd like to ask you a few questions."
"What about?"
"I'd like to find out when you got here and what happened after that.  It'll only take a few minutes."
"Of course, love, come in and have some tea.  Is that your husband?  You can come in too, love."  Eclipse waved at him.
John held up his hand.  "I'm fine."
Olivia stepped into the house and was immediately overwhelmed by a strong odor.  "What's that smell?"
"It's nothing, a new cleaning solution.  Your husband is a very handsome man.  He has such dark, thick hair.  His eyes are brown, aren't they?  I can see them from here.  Would you like some tea?"
"No, thank you."  Olivia pulled out her tape recorder.
"Oh, you have a tape recorder.  I had one just like it, but I lost it in the storms."
Aqua came out of the bedroom.  Her head was wrapped in a scarf, and she carried a bucket and mop.  "Eclipse, who are you talking to?  You're supposed to be cleaning."
"We have a guest, Aqua.  This is Olivia Richards from the Journal.  She's conducting a survey."
"Survey?  I have work to do.  You answer it."  Aqua left with her mop and bucket.
"Don't mind her, Olivia."    
"All right.  First question, when did you arrive on Seaward Isle?"
"About two years ago--no, it was longer than that."  Eclipse tapped her finger on her jaw.  "Maybe it was five years ago.  What year is it?"
"It's 999 on the Elf calendar."
"But what is it in real years?"
"It depends where you came from.  Let's skip this.  Where did you come ashore?"
"Near Winden on the other side of the island.  I was flying on moonbeams when this storm came out of nowhere."  
"Flying on moonbeams?  I see.  Well, did anyone greet you or document your arrival in any way?"
"Aqua took me in."
"Did anyone write anything down?"
"Aqua took me to see Becky in Winden, but she refused to write anything down.  She said she wasn't allowed to talk to witches.  It was against her religion."
"Is she a government official?"
"No, she's just a woman."
"Did anyone else help you?"
"No, I can't say that they did.  Aqua was the only one."
"Well, thank you so much for your time." 
"That's all?"
"Yes, I'm starting a campaign to improve the arrival process for new survivors.  Your case clearly shows that there isn't a program in place.  Thank you."  Olivia clicked off the tape recorder and put it in her pocket.
"What are you going to do next?"  
"I think I need to talk to this Becky."  Olivia shook hands with her.  "Thanks again."
Olivia went out the door where John was talking to Aqua.  As soon as she came out, he nodded to Aqua and picked up the suitcases.  
"What were you talking about?"  Olivia glanced back at the witch as she went inside.
"No one helped her when she got here."
"Oh, John, that was so nice of you to ask."  

*	*	*

At the Prince's fortress, the woman servant, Eskin, met Olivia and John and took them to meet Seculus, the ship's captain.  Olivia frowned as she followed behind the blond servant who didn't seem polite enough to be an Elf.  They stopped at a small ship with a single mast, docked in the harbor.  
Seculus leapt off the ship to meet them.  Several inches taller than John, he towered over the couple.  
	"Good morning," Olivia said.  "My name's Olivia, and this is my husband, John.  Lord Odin said he'd have a ship for us, and here you are."
	"Indeed.  My name is Seculus, and this is the crew of my ship Locust.  Welcome aboard."  He shook their hands, as was the mortal custom and led them up the gangplank.  
	"Nice to meet you."  John nodded.  
	"We'll take your valises below, and you can get settled.  Have you sailed before?"
	"Yes, as a matter of fact, that's how we got to this island--by shipwreck."  
	Two Elves took their valises and headed down the small passageway.  They maneuvered down the ladder to a small cabin below.  They backed out of the small space and stood in the passageway.
	Seculus led the couple in.  "You and your husband can sleep here."  He pointed to two small bunks stacked above each other.  "As you get settled, we'll get underway.  Come up when you're done."  He slipped by them into the passageway, nodding to his crew.

*	*	*

	Once unpacked, Olivia and John climbed the stairs and stepped onto the deck of the Locust.  The ship was already underway from the harbor and passing by Southport.  It was a beautiful day for sailing, except for the ever-present storms on the horizon.  
	"Lord Odin told me that you were conducting an important campaign," Seculus said.
	"Yes," Olivia replied, "I want to raise awareness to the plight of survivors when they get here.  I've heard many have become slaves, and women have been forced into prostitution.  We need a better way to help them."
	"Sounds ambitious."
	"Someone needs to do something.  I was told that the library in Agana may have records on all the survivors."
	"Yes, that's true.  I've fished a few survivors from the water and taken them to Agana.  They had to register at the library."
	"And then what happened to them?"
	"They became part of the city.  Who knows?"  He shrugged.
	"There should be a program to ensure their safety.  They're vulnerable when they get here and don't know what to do.  I'd also like to stop at the village of Winden and speak to a woman by the name of Becky.  She has some sort of registration program."
	"You have quite a task ahead of you.  I'll take you to the library, and Winden isn't far away--it's near the barrier rocks."
"I'd like that."  Delighted, Olivia nodded.
"By the way, have you ever heard of the Castle-by-the-Sea?"  Seculus asked.  "It's not far from Winden and has become quite a landmark.  It's made of red granite.  Would you care to see it?"  
"No," Olivia said.  
"Yes," John added with enthusiasm.  "How did they get red granite?"
"No one knows.  My crew and I stopped there once, just out of curiosity.  It's a beautiful building, but no one dares live in it.  It was built by the Wizard Mylar, and the people fear the Wizard's dark magic still lives in the walls."
	"Silly."  Olivia laughed.  
"We'd love to see it.  How long will it take?"  John asked.
	"The entire trip could take several weeks.  We must also consider the weather.  We've seen signs that winter may arrive early and may be colder than expected."
	"What signs?"
	"The marsh caterpillars are already preparing their cocoons for winter.  They usually don't do that until later."  Seculus bowed and returned to the bridge.
	Olivia rolled her eyes.  She put her arms around John, and they strolled to the side of the ship, watching Southport go by.  The King's palace stood majestically on the bank, four turrets along the front and back with a green lawn and colorful gardens beside it.  At Prince Darin's fortress near the harbor, the Elves were floating the last of the massive stones into place on top of the fifty-foot structure.  John, the architect, took special interest in their construction methods.
	It took a full day, sailing east from Southport to get to Agana by ship, but when Seculus got close, the ship slowed to a stop.  Port activity was heavy.  This harbor was always busy, so they had to wait for a berth.
	Seculus pointed ahead.  "Olivia, the library is on the other side of the market.  Do you see that brown building over there?  All you have to do is go inside and ask the men for information about the survivors.  They'll show you."
	"What's the big white building over there?"  She pointed to the left.
	"The palace for the King of Agana.  They fly his colors of green and black."
	"Great.  Let's get started."  Olivia went below to get her bag with her tape recorder and notepad.  She went back up on deck and together with John, waited for the ship to dock.
Chapter 7

THE LIBRARY

John and Olivia strolled hand-in-hand through the bustling market in Agana.  At one stand, Olivia found a merchant with exotic perfumes and put a drop on her wrist to test the scent.  She smelled it and held it up to John for his opinion.
"What do you think?"  Olivia smelled it again.  "I like it.  What's this made from?"
"The flower of the Arethus tree," the merchant said.  "The Elves call it Nut Blossom.  It's my bestseller."
"It's lovely.  How much?"
"One silver."  He held up one finger.
"For that tiny bottle?"  Olivia pointed to it--it was no bigger than her little finger.
"One silver."
"I can't afford that."  Olivia frowned.  "Would you take a brassie for it?  It's been used."  She held up the bottle she had sampled.
"One silver.  This is my tester bottle.  I need to keep it."  He took the bottle back from her.  "Would you like to try this one?  It's cheaper.  I can sell it to you for two brassies."  He held up another bottle.
Olivia tested it and frowned.  "No thanks."  
John grabbed her hand and led her away.  

At the end of the aisle, they came up to the brown building--the Library.  As they entered, a man dressed in a dark brown robe came up to them and bowed with his hands folded.  It was clear he didn't spend many hours outdoors as his skin was pale.  
	"Welcome to the Library of Agana.  My name is Brother Joseph.  How may I help you?"
	"My name is Olivia Richards, reporter for the King's Weekly Journal.  I'm doing research on the survivors who come ashore on Seaward Isle.  I understand you have some sort of registration process."
	"Yes, come this way."  He led them out the door to another building in the back.  Inside, he pointed to a bookcase, filled with ledgers.  "These are the ledgers used to register new arrivals on the island.  The most recent one is here, and it goes back in time that way."  He pointed to his right down the long row.
	"What's the earliest entry?"
	"The earliest one I found was five hundred years ago.  There were shipwrecks prior to that time, according to the Elves, but no registration was done.  Since then, thousands of people have come through."
	"Do you know how many?"
	"Never bothered to count."  He pulled out the most recent ledger.
	"What happens to the people after they register?"  
	"They get a job, live their lives, and die."  
	"Does anyone help them get a job?  I've heard that many are forced into slavery or prostitution."
	"That's been a more recent problem.  Agana just experienced an economic downturn, and many people were forced to take desperate measures.  It's most regrettable."
	"I don't recall registering here, do you, John?"
	"No, we never came here.  I would have remembered it."  John shook his head.
	"Unfortunately, not everyone registers here--some just don't know," Brother Joseph said.
	"Thank you so much for your help."  Olivia took the ledger from him.
	"Brother Joseph," John said, "can you tell me where red granite is found on this island?  I understand the Castle-by-the-Sea was built with it, but I haven't seen any other use here."
	"Yes, that's true.  But I'm afraid I don't have an answer for that.  You could ask Lord Governor Tyrone of Eastern Borders."
	"Who is that, and why would he know?"
	"Many years ago, he was a squire to Queen Diamona when they were shipwrecked here.  The Wizard Mylar built the castle for her.  The Lord Governor may know where the Wizard got the stone."
	"Where's he located?"
	"In Nyla, to the north of us."
	"Can we get there by ship?"
	"Yes, a small ship.  The Eastern River is a navigational nightmare, I understand."  
	"Maybe Seculus can take us there."  John grinned at Olivia and wriggled his eyebrows.
	"Too bad this Wizard couldn't stop the storms."  Olivia smiled at her husband. 
	"He tried, I'm told, but to no avail.  Please have a seat, and take your time."  The man bowed to them and left.

	As John took several ledgers off the shelf, Olivia opened the most recent one and found it was simply a list of names, followed by the date of registration, reflecting the current date on the island, not where they came from.  
The current date was calculated using the local Elf calendar.  Today was November 2, 999, marking the length of time the Elves had been stranded on the island.  Although a few people made extra comments in the margin, it was a disappointment.  She had hoped to find out where the people came from, the last date they remembered, and how they got here.  She slammed the book shut and leaned back in her chair, frustrated.
Hearing a commotion outside, Olivia glanced up when the noise grew closer.  John looked out the window just as soldiers burst through the door, shouting at them in a foreign language.  The soldiers, dressed in red and black, overwhelmed John easily, and a soldier grabbed Olivia from behind, feeling her breasts as he dragged her out the door.
	"What are you doing?  Let go of me, you son of a bitch!"  Olivia threw her fist in the air.  "John, help!"
	A soldier punched John in the stomach, and he doubled over in pain.  Another soldier struck him in the face.  With his mouth bleeding, John had difficulty catching his breath as he was dragged outside.
	"John, are you all right?"  Olivia's voice rose, shrill with terror.
	John grimaced and blood ran out of the corner of his mouth.      
	The soldiers loaded him and Olivia into a wagon as a soldier pounded on the side.
	Olivia screamed at them.  "What are you doing?  We're from Southport."
	The soldiers whipped the horses, and the wagon took off, throwing Olivia to the floor.  John picked her up and tried to steady her.  
Brother Joseph approached from the back of the wagon.  "It's best not to resist."
	"What do they think they're doing?"  Olivia clung to John.
	"They're taking us to prison," Brother Joseph said.  "I'm afraid we've been caught in the middle of a revolution.  The old King is dead, and the new King is exerting his power.  It's happened before.  Once the new King feels comfortable, we'll all be released."
	Olivia stared at him.  "You're joking, aren't you?"
	The man shook his head sadly and went to help another Brother who was bleeding from his head.
	Olivia turned to John.  "Are you all right, babe?"
	"I hurt.  Keep your mouth shut for now, okay?"  He put his hands gingerly over his stomach.
	"Okay."

	Seculus and his Elves were also rounded up by the soldiers, but allowed to leave.  The soldiers had their orders--mortals only.  They returned to their ship without Olivia and John.  Seculus reported to Lord Odin in Elfspeak and sailed out of the harbor to return to Southport.
	
*	*	*

	On the outskirts of Agana, the wagon rolled on, picking up more prisoners along the way.  Far into the countryside, it joined a long caravan.  The ride was hard and uncomfortable.  The caravan turned away from the sea and headed to the mountains.  After a very long day, it pulled to a stop, and soldiers forced everyone off the wagons into a cave.  
	Olivia and John were pushed inside with the rest.  There were hundreds of people crammed inside the cavern.  Olivia wrinkled her nose at the smell of stale air, smoke, and sweat.  Pushcarts held loaves of bread and rations of food and water, while others were loaded with hay.  One more had smelly buckets of waste.  Olivia felt her stomach turn.
	"Pardon me," a young woman said to her, "who are you?"
	"My name is Olivia, and this is my husband John.  I have no idea why we're here."  Olivia felt heartened by the woman's curiosity though.  She noted her petite stature and the black scarf on her head.
	"You were in the wrong place at the wrong time.  My name is Baraberi.  You may join my family over here."  She led them to a far corner where her family had established their territory.  Blankets were laid out on the floor of the cave, and women and children sat idly, chatting or playing.  Men stood around the edges, looking both angry and helpless.
	Olivia couldn't help but notice their dark olive complexions and black hair and eyes, wondering if they could be from the Middle East, Africa, or India.  She knew they weren't allowed to talk about it openly--that was an unwritten rule on Seaward Isle.  It was to keep people from thinking of home, but it only made Olivia think more about it.  
	Baraberi gave Olivia a cushion to sit on and sat down next to her.  A woman came over and began to braid Baraberi's long black hair.  Another woman put make up on her olive skin and lined her brown eyes with a pencil.  Still another did her nails.
	"Olivia, if you wish, they will fix your hair."  Baraberi smiled.  "It'll give them something to do."
	"No, that's all right."  Olivia held up her hand.  "Thanks anyway." 
	"You should have your nails done.  Look at them."
	Olivia glanced at her hands and nodded.  "You're right."
	Baraberi smiled and waved another woman over to work on Olivia's nails.

	Meanwhile, the men stared openly at John, noting his injuries.  One of them came over to help, offering John a wet rag to put over his cheek to hold down the swelling.
	"Thank you.  What do we do now?"  John asked.
	"We wait."  The man extended his hand.  "My name is Sarga."
	"Mine's John."  He shook hands with him.  "How long do we wait?"
	"As long as it takes."  Sarga put his hand on John's shoulder and sighed.  "My half-brother, Bersamon murdered my other half-brother, Agamon the King.  I told him I would never support him, so here I am with all of my family and friends."  He smiled weakly.  
	"Isn't there something we can do?"
	"What do you suggest?  We have no weapons."  
	"I don't know."  John watched Sarga shuffle away.  A defeated man, his shoulders drooped, and his head hung low with his black hair falling into his face.  John felt sorry for him.
 
	"What's going on, Baraberi?"  Olivia asked after her nails were done.  "We were in the library doing research.  I work for the King's Weekly Journal."
	Baraberi's eyes filled with sorrow.  "I've heard of you.  We read the paper here all the time.  My father was Agamon, the King.  We believe my Uncle Bersamon murdered him, so he could take over.  I'm sorry you were caught in this mess."
	"Me, too.  But why is everyone else here?"
	"My uncle only wants his supporters to vote for him.  The rest of us will stay here until the voting is over.  Then, he'll decide when to release us."
	"Vote?  I thought you said your father was a King.  You don't vote for a King."
	"We do."  
	"This is insane."  Olivia checked her pockets.  "Oh no, John, my tape recorder is in the library."
	"No, it isn't."  He pulled a small case from his pants pocket.  "Here.  I couldn't bring the charger.  I slipped it into my pocket just before they beat the hell out of me."
	"Omigod, I love you."  Olivia went over and kissed him.
Chapter 8

ORDERS 

When Alex left Southport, she rode east over the Futile River to the Scinthian camp, located south of the Forest Army Regimental Headquarters near Verity.  For the last two years, Alex had been the training officer for the Scinthian girls, and they were like sisters to her.  They welcomed her warmly.  She went to see Major Nita, the Scinthian in charge of the unit.     
"Alex, when did you get in?" the Major asked.
"Just now.  Colonel Penser gave me some leave after the last mission.  He said I could go to Southport to see Prince Darin."
"Prince Darin?  What for?"
"I asked him if he could get in touch with my Elf grandmother, so I could meet her."
"Good.  The Commandant told me to have you report immediately when you got here."
"What for?"
"He wouldn't tell me.  He just said it was important."
"I'm still on leave.  I'll go in the morning."
"He said immediately.  Go now."
"All right."  Alex sighed.  She would do almost anything for Major Nita, even this.  The Major always had her back and supported her, no matter what.  She couldn't ask for more.

Alex retrieved her horse and rode to the Regimental Headquarters building for the Forest Army.  She rode slowly in hopes that the Commandant would be gone by the time she got there.  After a couple of hours, she arrived at the building where she dismounted and went inside to the Commandant's office on the third floor.
The Commandant was still in, and a meeting was just breaking up.  Sergeant Bartholomew, the Commandant's secretary, winked at her.  
"Have a seat on the sofa.  I'll be right back."  Licking his fingers, he smoothed his gray hair back before he knocked on the door to announce her.  After several minutes, he returned with papers in his hand and motioned for her to go in.  Alex nodded.  
Inside the office, Alex saluted the Commandant, who sat at his desk in the dark green uniform of the Forest Army with five silver stars on his collar.  His name was Lyle, and he was also one of the King's brothers. 
"Tracker, you did not report before you left for Nyla."  The tone of his voice was hard and impersonal.  "I expected a full report from you."
"Yes, Commandant.  The mission was a success.  I killed the Horseman."   
"You killed my brother."  He glared at her.
"But he was the Horseman, the pirate spy who betrayed our King.  It was my mission."
"Don't use that tone of voice when you speak to me, tracker.  I am your Commandant, and you will respect me.  Do you understand?"
"Yes, Commandant."  Alex dropped her head and bit her lip, staring at the floor.  "Commandant, I wish to apologize for my behavior."
"Your behavior was inexcusable.  The only reason why I called you here is to assign you a new mission.  You are the only Elf in my command, so you will hunt down and kill the Elf Mellen."  
"Commandant, I know you have more confidence in Major Jimm.  Shouldn't a more experienced tracker do this?"
"I will decide who to assign.  Do not return until it's done, tracker.  Dismissed."   
Alex pressed her lips together; then she saluted and bolted out of the room.  Down in the courtyard, she stopped by a tree where she burst into tears, dismayed by her own behavior, but also angry and hurt by his reaction.  She quickly gathered herself and wiped her tears away.  She was trained to hold her emotions in, not to blubber against tree trunks.  
She knew it was her training that was going to get her through this.  Let events play out, and seek out opportunities.  That will lead her to Mellen.  Then, kill him and get the mission done.  She sighed with uncertainty.  It was easy to say, but getting it done was a different matter.
Chapter 9

NEW MISSION

Since her brief encounter with the Commandant, Alex felt an urgent need to leave the Regiment quickly.  She ran through the basement, searching for Lila, her best friend.  Lila was in charge of supplies, or logistics, as the Scinthians called it, and was busy getting the last order to take to camp.  Alex encouraged her to hurry up and helped her load the packhorse, so they could leave immediately.  
As they left for the Scinthian camp, Alex thought about her new mission.
	"Alex, what's wrong?"  Lila asked.
"Nothing, why?"  
	"Something's wrong.  You can't hide it from me."  
	Alex sighed.  "I have a new mission."  
	"Seriously?  I knew about your last one.  You were hunting the pirate spy."
	"How did you find out?"  
	"It was the worst kept secret in camp.  All of us knew.  What's this one about?"
	"Mellen."
	Lila frowned.  "He's nasty.  Yuck."  She shivered with disgust.
	"Yeah, lucky me."  Alex grinned.  "I don't have a real good feeling about it.  I don't even know where to start.  I'm beginning to think everyone wants to see me dead."
	"I don't."  Lila looked over to her.  "I heard some soldiers talking about Mellen today.  They said he was in Agana and murdered the King.  He's so awful."
	"He killed the King?"  Alex sat up straight.  "I heard the King was dead, but I thought Bersamon killed him.  When did this happen?"
	"Not too long ago, I guess.  They said it was a real mess down there.  People were being thrown into prison for no reason.  Why don't they assign this to the men?  What are they for?"
	"They aren't Elf.  I am, or at least part of me is.  The Commandant feels that's enough.  Besides, he was upset with me for killing the pirate spy."
	"Why?  He should have been happy."
	"It was his brother, Ambassador Hodges."
	"Are you kidding?"  Lila covered her mouth with her hand.  
	When they got to camp, Alex helped unload the packhorse and put the supplies away.
	At supper, the Major joined her at her table.  "Alex, how was your meeting with the Commandant?"
	"He gave me a new mission, the Elf Mellen."
"I was afraid of that," the Major said.  "How can we help you?"
"I don't know.  I wish I could just stay with you and hope he goes away, but I guess I should go to Nyla and ask Colonel Penser.  He can help me sort this out."
"My messenger, Sera, is leaving for Nyla tomorrow.  Why don't you go with her?"
Alex smiled for what seemed like the first time that day.  "Good idea."
	
*	*	*

In the morning, Alex left the Scinthian camp with Sera and her two companions.  The messengers didn't travel alone and never with enough people to attract attention.  They rode through the mountains and thick green forests, staying off the main roads.  By the end of the week, the group arrived in Nyla without incident.
Alex went directly to Colonel Penser's office at the Army Garrison.  Not only was he her commanding officer, but he was also her foster father and accepted her like his own child.  He came out from his office to greet her.
"Alex, how was your trip to the Elves?  Did you find out about your grandmother?"
	"Yes, Prince Darin said he would take care of it."  Alex nodded.
"How's he doing anyway?"
Alex paused.  "Well, not so good."  
"What happened?"
Alex motioned for him to go into his office, and she closed the door.  Then she gave him an update about the poisoning episode and her new mission to kill Mellen.
The Colonel frowned.  "Do you have any good news?"  
Alex smiled weakly.
The Colonel put his hand on her shoulder.  "Have Major Jonnbo help you.  This one will be extremely dangerous."  He was concerned about this mission; Alex was the best tracker he knew, but no one was infallible.

After she left Colonel Penser, Alex marched up to Major Jonnbo's bedroom and knocked on the door.  When he didn't answer the door, she pounded on it harder and shouted at him.
"It's too early."  Major Jonnbo yawned.  "Come on in, Alex."
	"Colonel Penser wants to talk to us."  
"I'll get dressed."  He sat up in bed, yawning and rubbed his head.  He stretched his arms and stood up.  "So, what's going on?"  He opened the wardrobe, grabbing some clean clothes.  
	"The Commandant gave me a new mission to kill the Elf Mellen.  Isn't it a little late to be sleeping?"  Alex turned around while he put his clothes on.
	"That Elf again?  You're an Elf, aren't you?  You can use your Elfness and locate him that way, can't you?  I don't know much about them."  He put on his boots.
"Elfness?"  Alex wrinkled her brow.
	"You know, Elf stuff.  Weird stuff."
	"I'm not very good at that.  I don't know how to do it like the Elves, but I can hear what they say when they Elfspeak."
	"What is that Elfspeak stuff anyway?"  
	"They can talk to each other with their thoughts.  It sounds just like a normal conversation, but it's private.  They just don't know I can hear them.  It's a little weird.  I'm still learning how to use it."  
	"When did the Commandant get here?" 
	"He's not here--I saw him at the Regiment before I left."  Alex pointed over her shoulder with her thumb.  "I think he wants to see me dead."
	"It's his job to assign tough missions to the best tracker, Alex.  And that's you.  Let's go."  Major Jonnbo pushed her out the door.

	At the Colonel's office, Colonel Penser waved them in.  "Come in and close the door, Major.  We've got some work to do."    
	"Well, Colonel, back on the blue bayou, we have an old saying: You can't catch a gator without the right bait."
	The Colonel waited.  "And?"
	"We need the right bait to lure this sucker in, but I don't know what it is."  The Major shook his head.  "We've been looking for this guy for over ten years, and nothing's worked."
	"Well, you'd better think of something quick.  Alex can't invite him over for supper, Major."	
"Speaking of food, maybe breakfast will help me think."  
"The first good idea you've had, Major.  Let's go."
As the trio marched to the dining hall, the Major rubbed his chin.  He was stumped.  All he knew for certain was this mission was extremely hazardous--Mellen was the most dangerous Elf on Seaward Isle.  
Chapter 10

OUTPOST
	
	In the dining hall, Alex tapped her foot nervously as she ate breakfast with Colonel Penser and Major Jonnbo at a corner table.  
"What if I go back to the market in Agana?"  Alex said.  "I can't think of anything else to do.  If Mellen's there, he's probably near the harbor anyway.  I can disguise myself to be a Scinthian Scout."  
"Good idea," Colonel Penser said.  "Speak to Tula before she leaves.  She was at the Outpost just last week."
"If that's the plan, I can't go with you, Alex."  Major Jonnbo frowned.  "They'd recognize me for sure.  I can take you as far as the Outpost, though.  We can leave at noon." 
"I'd better find Tula before she leaves."  Alex stood up and took her tray to the kitchen.    
 
In a nearby tent, Tula, one of Alex's dearest Scinthian friends, sat at a table with papers in front of her.  She looked up at her with a grin.  "Alex, are you coming with us?"  Tula scratched her nose and peeled off some dead skin from her sunburn.
"No, something's come up.  When are you leaving?" 
"Noon.  What about you?  I saw you go into the Colonel's office."
"I need to go to the market in Agana disguised as a Scout.  Can you give me a hand?"  
	"Again?  What for?  Here, sit down, and let me do your hair properly."  Tula made Alex sit in her chair. 
	"What did you see in Pashkina before you left?  Ow!  Don't pull so hard, Tula and make sure to cover my ears."
	"You don't have to cover them, Alex.  A lot of our Scouts have blue hair in their ears.  It just means you have some Water Elf blood in you.  Hey, this looks like dried blood."  Tula dug her finger into her ear and pulled out some brown bits.
	"Ow!  It was a gift from Mellen.  He sent me a brain buster."  Alex pushed her hand away.
	"You're lucky you survived.  I've seen the results, and they weren't pretty."  She tied off the end of Alex's braid with a leather strap and a feather.
	"I like the feather."  Alex admired it.  "What does it mean?"
	"Didn't we teach you anything?  It's a reminder to observe like a hawk."
"So, did you see anything in Pashkina?"
	"Just a few passing ships."  She held up a pair of baggy black trousers.  "Put this on."
	"They look weird."  Alex took off her brown britches.
	Tula held the trousers up to her.  "Authentic Scout pantaloons."  She laughed.  "I like the old-fashioned kind, but they'll look good on you since you're so tall and skinny.  How much do you weigh anyway?  I'd be surprised if you weighed eight stone."
	"I don't know."  Alex put them on and took off her white shirt.  
	"Where are your breasts?  You should have boobs by now."
	"Don't be so crude, Tula."  Alex blushed.
	"I'm just looking out for you."  She handed her a green shirt and a brown leather vest.  "Put these on.  "How old are you now?"
	"Fifteen."
	"You should be more developed at your age.  What's wrong with you?  Are you having monthly bleeds?"
	"Tula, don't ask such personal questions."
	"Have you started them?"
	"No."  Alex felt her cheeks burning.  "I figured it was because I was part Elf.  I was told that Elf women don't have them."
	"I'm part Elf, too, and I have them.  How else do they have kids?"
	"I don't know.  I'm also part Titan, you know.  No one knows anything about them."
	"Something's wrong."  Tula frowned.  "You're too skinny.  You need to eat."
	"I do."  Alex protested.  "I eat a lot."
	"Eat more."  Tula grinned.  "Now, tuck the bottom of the pants into your boots, and you'll blend into the forest."
	"But I'll be in the market."
	"There, too.  No one will notice you.  Just make sure to get plenty of sun on the way, and don't bathe for about a week.  You'll also need to smell the part."    
	Alex chuckled.  "Thanks, Tula.  Are you going to Verity?" 
	"I'm going to visit, but I'll be back.  We still have about seventy-five girls here who aren't quite ready to go home.  Me included.  Take care, Alex.  Be careful--whatever you're doing.  And I want these clothes back intact."
	"You'll get them back.  Tell Major Nita for me, all right?"  Alex hugged her, checked her disguise, strapped on her weapons, and gathered her belongings.  Then, she went to Colonel Penser's house.

	Alex found Mistress Penser inside and kissed her on her cheek.  They embraced for several long minutes.  
"I came by to see you before I leave for Agana.  I want to store some things here, if you don't mind.  I'll put them in the trunk, so they'll be out of your way," Alex said.
	"What sort of an outfit is this?"
	"It's my Scinthian Scout disguise."  Alex grinned.  "I have to get going.  I'll be back."  She emptied her rucksack into the trunk.
	"Already?"  Mistress Penser choked back a sob.  Her large blue eyes filled with tears, and she dabbed them with her pink apron.  After taking a deep breath, she gathered herself and nervously, pulled strands of gray hair from her face and adjusted the bun on the back of her head.
	"I'll be all right, Mistress Penser.  Really."  Alex held her in her arms.
	"I heard Agana is really dangerous now, Alex.  Why do you have to go there?"
	"Because I'm a soldier, and it's my duty."
	"You sound like the Colonel."  
	Alex nodded.  "Like father, like daughter." 
The Mistress escorted Alex to the door where she saw Major Jonnbo coming down the street.
	"I'm coming."  Alex waved at him and turned to the Mistress again.
	"Watch out for that Major, Alex.  I've heard bad rumors about him.  They say he's raped a few women in town," Mistress Penser whispered.
	"Thanks.  I'll be all right."  Alex ran off, carrying her empty rucksack.  
	"Come on.  We found a horse without a brand."  The Major took her to the pen where three horses were being saddled.  
	"How many are going?"
	"I'm bringing a trainee with us.  I thought you could show him the Outpost.  It's all right.  The Colonel wants us to check it out."
		
*	*	*

Alex knew his trainee, Edgar--he was a seasoned soldier.  He was Colonel Penser's son-in-law and therefore, her brother-in-law.  He married Eliza and they had two little children. 
The group traveled light, bringing only their weapons, food, and water.  They rode south, arriving at Midstation by evening.  It was a small waystation with six wooden buildings, used by Garrison soldiers to monitor activity in the Jade Desert to the south.  The place was deserted, and all the fountains were off.  Alex turned them on to get fresh water and showed them around. 
"I was here with Major Nichols, Alex," Edgar said.  "Good thing you turned the fountains on.  The wells were almost dry.  How did you know about them?"
"Each fountain has instructions on it, written on the rocks.  You just have to know how to read Dwarf."
"Who taught you Dwarf?" 
"I was adopted by a Scinthian Scout, and her traveling companion was a Dwarf.  She taught me all about them.  The Dwarves used to live here, but they left a long time ago."  
Edgar had never heard of anyone who knew that language.  Even though Alex was now related through marriage, he knew little about her, except for rumors about her use of magic.  
"Midstation was actually a water depot for the Dwarves, and the Outpost was a mine entrance."  Alex explained what she knew about the area and led them to a cave across from the main building.  "Here, let me show you how to use a dragon torch."  She picked up one of the small, lightweight torches from the cave floor.  "Just blow on the base, and it'll light."  She blew gently at the base, and the torch lit up.  Then she blew harder, sending out a long lick of fire through an elaborate carving of a dragon's head.  "That's why these are called dragon torches."    
Holding the torch in her hand, she took the men deeper into the cave.  "This is a bathing area.  You can stand under the waterfalls over here and sit in the warm pools over there."  To her surprise, the men stripped off their clothes and went in to bathe.  She blushed and returned to the main building.  

Alex bathed alone in the station commander's old room.  It had its own bath, and she filled the tub with water that had been warmed on the roof by the sun.  
After soaking in the tub for a few minutes, Alex gasped when Major Jonnbo came in the room.  He was naked and carried his clothes in his hand.  He threw them on the floor and stepped into the tub with her, causing the water to overflow.  She covered her chest with her hands, but he grabbed her arms and put them around his neck.
"You've never had a man before, have you?  I'll be your first," he said.
"Major Jonnbo, let go of me."  Alex squirmed in his arms.
"Don't you want me?"   
"I don't know what you're talking about."  Alex jumped out of the tub, wrapping a blanket around her.  
He held his arms out to her.  "Alex, I want to make love to you." 
"What for?" 
"It's quite normal for a man and a woman to be attracted to each other and make love.  I've always been attracted to you.  I think you're beautiful.  And I think you're attracted to me as well.  Let's fuck."  
"I've always liked you, Major, but you're my teacher.  You're like my brother."  
"I'll teach you more things tonight."  
"No, this isn't right."  Alex gripped the blanket tightly.
He leapt out of the tub and grabbed her arms, but she pulled away.  He stripped the blanket away from her body, spinning her around.
In return, Alex gave him a swift kick in the ass.
He grabbed his left thigh, screaming in pain.  His face twisted.
"Are you all right?"  Alex asked.
"It'll go away.  It must be a cramp."  He bent over to stretch his leg and took a deep breath. 
"Don't ever try that again, Major."  Alex wrapped the blanket around her. 
Major Jonnbo limped around the room and lay down on the bed, holding his leg.  A few moments later, he was snoring.  
Alex put on her clothes and lay down on her bedroll.  This was the first time he'd ever tried to do anything like that.  Tears of disappointment flowed down her cheeks.  She'd always looked up to him as her instructor, but now, he was the same as the pirate who raped her friend, Lila.  She threw the wet blanket over him and let him sleep. 

In the morning, Alex and the Major woke up with a start when Edgar banged on the door and laughed.  Major Jonnbo smiled at her and tested his leg.  He grimaced.  
Alex got up and straightened the room, opening the chute to empty the water from the tub.  As she packed up her bedroll, the Major reached out to her.  
"Sorry about last night, but that cramp really hurt," the Major said.  
Alex pushed him away.  "I told you no, Major.  I don't want to hurt you again." 
"Time to go."  Edgar knocked again.
They put on their weapons and went out the door. 
"Have a nice evening?"  Edgar chuckled.
Alex blushed, but didn't say anything.  The Major ignored him.
The sun was just rising, but there was enough light to see.  They mounted their horses and headed south to the desert. 

A few hours later, Alex reined in her horse.  Ahead, a large ominous dust cloud moved in from the right.  The brown wall of sand and dust extended high into the sky and churned like storm clouds.  The wind increased.
"Follow me!"  Alex rode into a ravine on the left and jumped off her horse.  After she yelled some Dwarf words at the wall, a door opened.  She pulled in her horse and beckoned for the men to follow her.  Once they were in, she closed the door.  
"Get down on the floor and cover your face," Alex said.  
They did, just in time.  
Howling winds sucked the air from the room, but blew dust and sand around them.  They kept their heads down to protect their eyes and covered their mouths and noses as best they could.  The horses whinnied in confusion.  Then, just as quickly as it came, the wind stopped.  
Alex raised her head and got up from the floor.  Sand poured off her in sheets.
"That was quite a storm."  Alex brushed her clothes with her hands.  "They happen all the time in the desert.  You don't want to be caught outside in one.  Find shelter or the lowest place you can.  Watch the horses, too.  They'll panic and run off." 
"How did we get in here?" the Major asked. 
"The Dwarves used these shelters during the storms.  They built several across the desert. They're quite useful."
"How do we get out?"  The Major made wide circles on the wall with his hands, searching for the door.  He was sweating heavily.
"Just say the proper word in Dwarf, and the door will open.  Korunda sita."  Alex stood by the door as it opened.  "Fortunately, the same word opens all of these doors."  
"What does that mean?"  Major Jonnbo trotted outside, taking several deep breaths.  
"Open for a friend."  Alex went inside to fetch the horses as the men exchanged uneasy glances.  When she brought them out, she noticed their stares.  "What?  I told you I could speak Dwarf."
"You didn't say you could open doors out of solid rock."  Still limping, Major Jonnbo took his horse and led it out of the ravine.  
Alex led her horse out, pausing at the top.  The dust storm was well to the east of them now.  She took the lead again, hoping to make Green Valley by nightfall.  Once a Dwarf mining camp, it was a small river valley nestled beside some mountain ridges.  
They camped and rode on the next morning to the Cave of the Troll.  After a full day's ride, they stayed overnight in the large cavern, intending to continue in the morning.  Thus far, there had been no other signs of life.  

The next day on a ridge near the Outpost, Alex led them to a spot with a good view of Pashkina.  There was a clear blue sky, and the air was cold.  She didn't expect to see any activity, so it surprised her when she spied five small coaster ships docked at the port.  These ships had a single mast and were known for their speed and maneuverability.  On the docks, some men were making repairs, while others practiced with swords or stood in small groups.
"Who are they?"  Edgar asked.
"Could be pirates," Alex said.  "Or just sailors taking a break.  The Scinthians were here last week and didn't see any activity, other than ships at sea."
"I heard that, too.  So what are they doing here?"    
"It doesn't look like anything at the moment."  Alex placed her hands on her hips.  "They're waiting for something."  She got on her horse and turned to the Outpost.

They left the horses to graze close to the entrance and entered the Outpost cautiously, with swords drawn.  Carved out of solid stone by the Dwarves hundreds of years ago, it adjoined an old mine, providing a living space outside where the Dwarves could spend several days each month in the sun.
Alex showed them around, taking them to the little cubbyhole where she slept.  On a shelf, she found her pouch with the remaining gold nuggets that she had used to buy vegetables from a local farmer.  She showed them to her companions.  
"Alex, this is real gold."  The Major rolled one of the nuggets in his hand.  "Where did you get it?"
"The Dwarves mined it not far from here." 
"Take us there."  Edgar grinned. 
"All right, but you'd better watch out for trolls and goblins.  You heard they attacked Pashkina, didn't you?  They live in the mine." 
The men glanced at each other, and Alex suppressed a chuckle.  
"Oh, come on, I'll take you there."  She led them though the kitchen and gave each one a dragon torch.  Then, she went down the path to the mine past the leather tarp.  
A short distance away, Alex stopped.  "Wait, here's a sign for gold.  Look around.  Here's some."  She picked up a gold rock about the size of a pea.  They picked up several nuggets, filling their pockets and pouches.  Alex filled her pouch and gave some to Edgar, knowing that he had a family to feed.  
Then, a loud noise came from behind, drawing their attention.
"What was that?"  Major Jonnbo asked.
"I don't know," Alex said.  "It didn't sound like a troll." 
"It came from the Outpost."  
They ran back.  As they approached, Major Jonnbo motioned for Edgar to scout the area.  He ran up to the leather tarp and returned quickly, signaling that there were a dozen men inside.  
Major Jonnbo waved his hands at them in a downward motion.  They heard voices, and something crashed to the ground.  As the voices moved away, the Major signaled for them to draw swords, and he moved forward.  When he got to the kitchen, they fanned out.  Edgar went to the right, and Alex went left.  The Major was in the middle.  
They ducked for cover as two of the intruders returned to the area.  The men wore plain clothing, not uniforms, and one of the men had a necklace with a ship's wheel.  
Alex pointed to the necklace, recognizing the pirate symbol.  Major Jonnbo nodded.  He saw it, too.
After more men came in, Major Jonnbo jumped out from behind the barrels, and Edgar took the next man.  Alex ran out and attacked from the left flank.  Surprised, the intruders tried to recover, but in a short time, they were all dead. 
The Major motioned for them to secure the other rooms.   Edgar led the way with Alex following behind as support.  In the next room, Edgar killed two men, and Alex killed two more.  The Major killed a man near the horses.  The Outpost was secured.  
Edgar kicked a body to make sure he was dead. "What do we do with the bodies?"
"What did you do with garbage when you were here, Alex?" the Major asked.
"We put it in this pit."  She pointed to the right. 
They threw the bodies into the pit where they sank and disappeared in the mud.  
Alex wiped sweat from her brow.  "I guess we should tell Colonel Penser that this area isn't exactly safe."
"That's an understatement."  Major Jonnbo's eyes darted around the room.  "I think we'd better find someplace else to stay tonight."
"Oasis Fifty-One is a just few hours away."
"Get the horses and let's go.  Lead the way, Alex."
She held up her hand.  "Wait, I need some rabbit pelts.  I'll sell them at the market."  She grabbed two bundles of skins left behind by the Scinthians and tucked them under her arm as she ran to catch up.
Chapter 11

ESCAPE ROUTE

Edgar gathered their horses, and they left quickly.  Those pirates would be missed before too long, and there were too many at the port for them to handle.  
Alex led them to the Oasis, a few hours east.  The place was deserted; the entry had been partially blocked by weeds blown in by the dust storm.  They pulled them out and went inside. 
"Why is this called Oasis Fifty-One?"  Edgar asked.
"Look here.  These are the Dwarf numbers for fifty-one."  She pointed to a carving on the wall.  "And the Scinthians called it an Oasis because it was in the middle of the desert.  It's really an underground Dwarf palace.  We used it as an overnight stop for patrols.  There should be a lot of stores here, so we'll have plenty to eat."
	Major Jonnbo took the first watch, and when he returned, he lay down next to Alex and put his arm around her.  She pushed him away and slept for several more hours.  
Later, Alex woke and sat up, listening for the noise that had wakened her, but everything seemed quiet, and the Major was asleep.  She lay down again and closed her eyes, seeing Mellen's face as he began to Elfspeak.
	"What is it, Thorne?" 
	"Someone was at the Outpost, but they're gone.  I see blood here, but no bodies.  Three horses headed east." 
	"Follow them and report back."
	Alex gasped and shook Major Jonnbo.  "Oh, shit!  Get up, Major.  We have to leave."  She grabbed his arm and shook him again.  "Wake up!"  
	"What?"  He opened his eyes.
	"We have to get moving.  We're being followed.  Get up."  Alex slapped him on the shoulder and went to find Edgar, who was on watch.  "Edgar, we have to get going.  We're being followed."  
"Wait a minute, I'm the watch.  I don't see anything.  How do you know we're being followed?"  
	"An Elf told me.  Let's go."  
They rode out, heading east towards the Morning Mountains.
	"Alex, you're taking us in the wrong direction," Major Jonnbo said.
	"We don't have any time.  They're close behind us."
	"Who?"  
	"Them."  Alex pointed to the ridge on the horizon far behind them.  
That's when he saw the small flame of a torch.  More torches appeared, heading in their direction.
	"Shit!  Let's get out of here."  He turned his horse sharply towards the mountains and didn't stop until he reached the top of the next ridge.
Alex rode up and caught her breath.  "The Morning Mountains are straight ahead, and Nyla is to the left.  We can escape either way."  
	"To the left."  Major Jonnbo turned his horse and spurred hard. 
 
On the way, the Major glanced back at the Oasis as the sun rose over the horizon.  A line of torches approached it.  Meanwhile, Alex led them north until they stopped to rest at a small pond.  Major Jonnbo marched to a nearby ridge and saw horses tied up outside the Oasis.
Alex strolled up next to him, nodding with satisfaction.  They had gained time and distance from their pursuers.
	"Alex, you were next to me last night.  How did you know they were coming?"  Major Jonnbo asked.
	"It's Elf stuff.  I told you I can hear them Elfspeak."   
	"Elfspeak?"  
	"They talk to each other with their thoughts.  I found out that I could overhear them by accident.  I heard the Elf Mellen talking to Thorne last night."
	"This is too weird.  I don't like it.  Or the Dwarf stuff either."  He frowned.
	They mounted up and rode on until Alex stopped at a canyon wall.  She said, "Korunda sita," to the wall of stone.  The men watched in awe, as an opening appeared that was large enough for horses.  
"I don't understand how you do this.  Where are we?"  Major Jonnbo scratched his head.  "This doesn't make any sense."
"This is the home of Dwarf Karli," Alex said.  "I told you I speak Dwarf.  He's gone back east with the others.  It's all right.  I've been here before."
Alex dismounted and went inside, leading her horse.  The men followed behind, and once they were inside, she said, "Gut mirra don."  The Dwarf spell closed the door.  
When the door rumbled shut, it was dark inside.  The horses got nervous, but calmed when she lit the torches in the long tunnel with a single Dwarf word.  "Roen."  
She led her horse down the corridor where she took off his saddle.  "We can rest here safely.  The Elves won't find us."  
She filled the trough with water for the horses and found a bin of grain for feed.  On the other side of the tunnel, she led the men into a large room with some natural light from above.  It was furnished with three large brown leather sofas, formed in a horseshoe pattern and a wooden table with small wooden chairs.  The ceiling was at least twenty feet high.  The men wandered around in amazement.  
"I could live here."  Edgar bounced on the small sofa.  "How did you get us in?"
"I told you, say korunda sita."    
"Are there more places like this?"
"The Dwarves generally lived in large communities.  This house is a few miles away from the large city that used to be inside the mountain over there."
"How do you know the Elves won't find us?"
"Elves and Dwarves don't get along.  Elves consider the Dwarves primitive and beneath their dignity.  And the Dwarves consider the Elves to be arrogant.  We can check the area from a lookout station.  We may want to set up a watch.  I'll show you."  

Alex showed them a set of stairs that wound through the mountain.  At the top, a room had several small openings, facing south to the valley below.  Alex stopped and pointed towards the Oasis where horses trotted back from the west.  
"They won't go into the Morning Mountains."  Alex knew it was a hard trek for horses, but it could be done.  "It looks like they're heading back home."
"I don't think we need to set up a watch.  How do we get back to Nyla?" the Major asked.
"We'll leave out the back door in the morning.  Let's get something to eat and rest for a while." 
The next morning, they left by the back door, where Alex stopped them.  "I have to leave you here.  I've got to get to Agana."
"Thanks, Alex.  I'll let the Colonel know."  Major Jonnbo rode north with Edgar.  He was glad to see her go.  She was pretty, but too weird.  She could open doors where there weren't any and heard talking without seeing anyone.  It was too much for him.  

*	*	*

Alex headed west towards Agana.  It was lonely riding by herself, but she appreciated the silence.  She wouldn't have to explain to anyone about Dwarves and Elves again.  
As she rode along, she stared across the desert, thinking hard.  Why did she have to be so different?  She was half mortal, one-fourth Titan and the rest Water Elf--how mixed up could anyone be?  She only knew a few people with blue hair in their ears, but no one had a blue light in their hand.  What's with that?  Some people even called her a witch.  She shuddered with disgust.  That didn't make her a witch.  If she could make up spells or brew a potion, then she could be a witch, maybe, but Elves did that, too.  But today, she didn't feel very magical.  Just very much alone. 
At least, she knew where Mellen was and wondered what he's up to.  She knew she'd find out at the market.  It was the best place for news.  
When she heard a hawk cry overhead, she turned her attention back to the desert.  Riding west, she stayed along the northern edge of the Jade Desert.  At sunset, she found another Dwarf hideout in a ravine.  She checked it out and went in.  
The little shelter had two small rooms.  On the left, there was a room large enough for her horse.  It had a fresh water spring and some feed in a barrel for the animal, and after her horse settled down, she got some water and pulled out her rations.  
A short while later, she smelled smoke.  There was little vegetation in the area, so it raised her curiosity.  She stepped out into the dark night and saw the moon and stars overhead. 
 	To the west, she saw a small campfire.  Not a good sign.  That was the direction she wanted to go.  There weren't supposed to be any soldiers out here, so they were either nomads or pirates.  Either way, she didn't want to meet up with them.
	She went back into the shelter and closed the Dwarf door.  Unable to sleep, she hoped those men would be gone by morning, and she could ride across their route.  When she finally closed her eyes, she rested until she heard Elfspeak once more.  Drowsy, she opened her eyes and listened.
	"Mellen," Thorne said, "no soldiers returned to Nyla.  The hawks didn't report anyone passing by recently, and the dust storm blew away any tracks."
	"You and your birds.  We have a major problem, Thorne.  I just found out that the Water Elf lives.  Lord Odin saved him."
	"Who told you that?"
	"Celene." 
	"Celene?  Lord Odin's daughter?  I thought you were over her."
	"I was going to extend my condolences on the death of her father, but she told me that he was well, and Prince Darin was saved."
	"I knew it was too easy.  Tarsin wasn't thorough enough.  How's your headache?"
	"Worse.  We have more important problems.  Head to Agana and find out where those Scinthian women are.  The Falcon said they found our cave in Riverton.  Get rid of those bitches!"
	"On my way."

	Alex sat up with alarm.  She had to get word to the Scinthians and knew they didn't know how to Elfspeak, so she'd have to go in person.  Once she got to Agana, she could catch the ferry north.  It would take Thorne some time to get enough men.  Then, she paused--Mellen still had a headache.  Was it from the brain buster?  And who was this Falcon?  This was the first time she'd ever heard this code name.  And did Thorne just say that the hawks told him something?  He talks to birds?  Really?  
	Alex ate quickly and left the Dwarf shelter.  She rode north to the base of the mountains where she turned west again.  She kept a lookout for hawks, but it wasn't warm enough yet for the thermal wind currents.  
In the distance, she saw Thorne's group riding south, so she waited for them to disappear over the horizon before she continued west. 
 The next day, she saw another large dust cloud ahead of her, but this one wasn't moving.  For a better view, she spurred her horse gently and rode to the top of a hill.  A caravan of twenty wagons headed north towards an encampment of soldiers.  When they stopped, people were pulled out and pushed into a cave.  She watched for a while, trying to figure out what was going on.  Still uncertain, she spurred her horse and headed towards Agana.

*	*	*

	When she reached the outskirts of the city, she found the stables for the market deserted, raising her concern.  The stables were always crowded on market day, which was every day.  After shouting for the stable master, she put her horse in one of the empty pens and placed fresh hay and feed in the bin.  She threw the rabbit pelts over her shoulder and hiked to the market near the port.  Instead of the usual hundreds, only a few dozen merchants had set up stalls.  
After haggling with the only fur merchant, she sold the pelts for three brassies.  "Where is everyone?" she asked him.  
	He leaned closer to her.  "Bersamon's taking over.  He's arresting anyone who opposes him and locking them up inside the mountain prison.  Leave as soon as you can."  On the sly, he pointed away.  
	Alex nodded.  So that was it--that was a prison she saw.  She bought a meat pie from another merchant and sat under a tree.  
As she ate, the Elf Thorne entered the area with a small group of men.  Along the way, he spoke to more men who fell in with him, increasing the size of the group.  
Alex gobbled down her pie and left in the opposite direction, searching desperately for an escape route.  She could hardly believe her eyes when she saw Captain Rangor's old barge.  His barge traveled the river, usually delivering goods between Nyla and Riverton.  He rarely came to Agana and only if the money was good.
As she ran to the barge, he cast off his lines.
"Captain Rangor!"  Alex waved at him.  "Permission to come aboard, Captain?  Can I get a ride?"  She ran beside the moving barge.
"Come aboard.  What are you doing here?"  
"Getting out of here."  She jumped onboard.  
"Aye, so are we.  This place is strange.  We was supposed to deliver this cargo, but no one's here to take it." 
"One of the merchants told me Bersamon was arresting everyone and putting them in prison."  
"Bersamon?  That rotten son of a bitch!  Push hard, lads.  Let's go!  See if you can help them, girl."  Rangor pushed and pulled on the rudder stick, guiding the barge away from Agana up the Futile River.  "Damn shame.  Bersamon's bad news.  Pirates must be moving in."
Alex didn't have any gloves to wear to work the poles, and large watery blisters appeared on her hands.  Even though they ached, she kept poling with Slim and Les.  The tempo was fast as they pushed against a strong river current.  When they were a reasonable distance away, they took a break.
Alex stared at her hands.  Slim gave her a pair of socks to wear on them, and Rangor shouted at them to get back to work.  They got up and took up the poles. 
She'd known this crew for years and glanced at Rangor--he looked the same, short and scrawny, but with less hair.  How old was he?  His tanned leathery face never seemed to age.
The little barge pushed north.  Progress seemed slow, but they were now a safe distance away.  At the confluence of the Eastern and Futile Rivers, the barge pulled along the bank to stop for the night.  The crew was tired from fighting the current and the extra effort needed for the quick get away.  
"Are you going to Riverton, Captain Rangor?"  Alex rubbed her sore hands.
"Aye, may as well.  I'll find a buyer there."  
"Why would Bersamon arrest everyone like that?  You can't be a ruler if you don't have anyone to rule."
"He has plenty to rule, don't you worry about that.  He don't want anyone who could oppose him, so he puts them in prison until they support him.  Eventually they will, but it'll take a long while."  Rangor wrinkled his nose as if something smelled.  "What were you doing down there?"
"I took some time off and went hunting.  I sold a dozen rabbit pelts and got three brassies for them."
"That's all?"  Slim laughed.  "You should get more than that." 
"What do you mean, that's all?  I got a good deal."
"Hey, is that sword tournament over yet?"  Les leaned back against the side of the barge and put his hands behind his head. 
"Not yet.  But I gave my brother his sword.  He was more thrilled about that than seeing me.  I need to find out how he's doing."    
They pushed the barge north for a few more days, when a large ship anchored in the river ahead of them.  Small boats were lowered over the side.
"Pirates!  Damn it, girl.  I don't have the crate anymore to hide you." Rangor said.
"That's all right, Captain.  Pull close to shore.  I'll get off here and go on foot."  Alex went to the rear of the barge far to the right.  When the barge pulled in close enough, she jumped off.  
"Thanks, Captain Rangor.  See you later."  She pushed the barge away and disappeared into the woods.  The Scinthian camp was located somewhere close by in these hills, but she didn't know exactly where.  All she could see were trees. 
Chapter 12

PIRATE ATTACK

Alex was already deep in the forest when the pirates pulled up to Rangor's barge.  She climbed a tree to make sure they were all right.  A few pirates ganged up on Les and punched him, but she could see he wasn't badly hurt, just his pride.  When the confrontation seemed to be over, she climbed down and hiked deeper into the forest, then up the side of a hill.  
At the top, Alex found a Scinthian viewing station, facing the river.  Manning it were two Scinthian girls, Fala and Cora who were taken by surprise.  
"Alex, what are you doing here?"  Fala laughed.
"I'm looking for Major Nita.  How close am I?"  Alex gave them each a hug. 
"You're very close.  Did you see those pirates board that barge down there?"  Cora asked.  "They do that all the time.  Those poor men.  I'll take you to Major Nita."
"No, I'll take her, Cora.  It's my turn for a break."  Fala held up her hand.  She led the way down into the valley where the camp was located.  

At the camp, no one seemed to have any idea where the Major was, so Alex located Sola, the Scinthian girl who cared for the horses.  "Sola, do you know where Major Nita is?" 
Sola nodded.  "Yes, she went to the Regiment this morning for her meeting with the Commandant.  She'll be back soon.  Good to see you, Alex."  
"What about Tula?  She should be here by now."    
"She just got here.  As a matter of fact, this is her horse.  She's in the cave."
"Good, I'll surprise her."  Alex laughed.
Fala led Alex inside the cave where they found Tula getting settled.  
"Tula, what took you so long?"  Alex put her hands on her hips.
"Alex?  When did you get here?"  Tula threw her arms around her.
"Actually, I didn't plan on this.  I went to Agana to find the Elf Mellen, but he wasn't there.  He was in Pashkina with a group of pirates.  When I got to the market in Agana, it was practically deserted.  There were only a dozen merchants or so and very few customers.  I took some rabbit pelts from the Outpost and sold them to a fur merchant there.  He said everyone was being arrested and put in prison.  I also found out that the pirates were planning to attack us here, so I thought I should let Major Nita know."
"What?  Here?  Why would they come here?"
"I guess they think we're a problem.  I wonder if Thania has a defense plan."
"Probably.  When are they coming?"  Tula asked.
"Not sure.  They were gathering men in Agana just as I was leaving.  It'll probably take them a few days.  Maybe it'll be tomorrow or the day after."  Alex's stomach growled loudly.  "Hey Fala, is there something to eat around here?  I'm starving."
"Me, too," Tula said.   
Fala led them to the dining area, where the cooks got them some leftovers.  As they ate, Fala returned to her post, spreading the news of Alex's return, and the impending attack.

A short while later, Major Nita and Thania returned.  Thania was Major Nita's second-in-command and held the rank of Captain, but no one called her by her rank, just her name as she preferred.  She greeted Alex in a friendly, but distant manner.  On the other hand, Major Nita greeted her warmly.
Alex got to the point.  "It's good to see you again, but I came to warn you--pirates intend to attack the camp and should be here any day.  Do you have a defense plan?" 
"We have one, but we didn't expect an attack from the river.  How did they find us?  No one should know; we've been very careful."  The Major glanced at Thania.
"I'm not sure.  They got some information from someone called Falcon," Alex said. 
"Falcon?  What is he?  Another spy?"  The Major frowned.  "Thania, what's our defense plan?"   
"I have to get the squad leaders together and devise one for an attack from the river.  Alex, give me a hand."  
"Sure, be glad to."  Alex turned back to the Major.  "When I was at the market, I also found out that Bersamon was taking over Agana and arresting everyone." 
"I know, Alex.  Rosa came in a few days ago to report.  You need to talk to her."  Major Nita led her through the cave to the healing room, hidden in the back.  
Rosa lay in a cot, sleeping.  Her face was badly bruised, and her hair looked matted.
Major Nita shook her gently.  "Rosa, how are you today?"  
Rosa opened her eyes, but had difficulty focusing on her.  Her eyes were two small slits, due to the swelling.
Alex knelt beside her.  "Rosa, I was just at the market in Agana.  There were only a few merchants left, but I found a fur merchant who told me that I should leave because Bersamon was arresting everyone."
Large tears fell from Rosa's eyes, and she sobbed.
Major Nita wiped her tears away.  "Rosa reported in here a few days ago, but when she went back, she found her family and Jilla had been arrested by Bersamon's soldiers.  She ran back to catch the ferry, but a man pulled her off and beat her up, so he could get on.  The ferry captain pulled her onboard."
"Alex, can you help them?"  Rosa had difficulty speaking because her lips were swollen.
"I don't know, Rosa.  I did see some wagons going to a cave.  I guess it must have been the prison.  There were a lot of soldiers outside of it."
"That's the Green Stone Mine.  They turned it into a prison.  It's the only place large enough to hold everyone.  There must be thousands of people in there."  Rosa reached out her hand.  "Can you get them out?"
Alex took her hand.  "I don't know.  Let me think about it, Rosa.  Why don't you rest?" 
Rosa closed her eyes.  
"You have to help her, Alex."  Major Nita squeezed her arm.
"I will.  I just need to figure out how."  Alex looked down at Rosa, now asleep, with concern.  She nodded to Major Nita and left.  

Just outside of the little room, Alex's friend Lila waited for her.  "Alex, I thought you weren't coming back for a while."
"I wasn't planning to.  How's everything going?  Have you been to the sword tournament?"
"Yes, and Beren's going to be in the finals."  Lila clapped her hands excitedly.
"Already?  How many matches have you seen?"
"Just one, but I can tell no one can beat him."
Alex chuckled.  "I wish I could see him in a match.  Oh, well."  She shrugged.  "Do you have any extra blankets I could use?  I'm traveling a little light right now.  This is all I have."  She looked down at her boots.
"Of course.  I'll take care of you.  Where are you sleeping?" 
"On the floor." 
"I have an ideal place for you.  Come with me."  Lila took her to the storeroom, filled with wooden crates.
"What's in all these boxes?"  Alex lifted the lid on a crate and pulled her head back from the strong fumes of soap.  Her eyes watered.
"Mostly soap and candles," Lila said.  "You can stay here."  She pulled some empty crates out of a small opening.  
Alex peeked inside, but it was too dark.  
"I'll get a candle."  Lila returned with a lit candle on a small stand. 
Alex carried it inside.  "This is nice, Lila.  It's bigger than it looks from the outside."  She sprawled out on the floor and touched her fingers to one wall and her boots to the other.
Lila brought in a couple of blankets and threw them on the floor.  The movement blew the dirt around, revealing a drawing underneath.  
"What's this?"  Alex leaned closer to the floor and brushed away some dirt.
"I don't know.  It's on my floor, too.  Someone drew pictures all over the place."
"These aren't pictures, Lila.  It's Dwarf writing."  Alex held the candle up to the wall.  "This was written a long time ago.  It says it was the year 541--over four hundred fifty years ago."  
"That's ancient history, Alex.  Why would they do that?" 
"Well, Dwarves wrote on the walls because they had poor memories, but in this case, it seems that this room was a prison cell.  The prisoner must have been bored and had nothing else to do." 
Someone marched by, ringing a small bell.
"Time for supper."  Lila backed out of the room and left.  
Alex followed.  She was hungry again.

The next morning, Alex was dreaming that she was standing in a field, covered with red grass when a large green dragon flew overhead.  It swooped down after her, and she ran in panic to the house with her doll in hand.  She cried as she ran inside, and a male voice said, "Don't cry.  Put your doll in here.  I'll protect her."  Alex handed her doll to the man's hands, and it was placed on a shelf.  "She'll be safe from dragons, don't worry."  The man hid the doll under a piece of wood as the dragon screeched.  
The noise jolted Alex awake.   Rubbing her head, she wondered where she was and where she'd been.  Was that home?  And was that her father?  Why couldn't she see his face?  She didn't recall many of her dreams and never one of home--why now?  He said he'd protect her doll, and she wished he could protect her, too.  But there was no cubbyhole where she could hide and be protected, even here.
She felt the sweat on her brow and wiped it away.  Now as she sat in the dark, she felt the strong presence of the Elf Thorne nearby.  She rose to her knees in alarm.  He had a distinctive energy, and she knew immediately that he was close.  
She fumbled in the dark for her sword and scrambled out of her room to search for him.  The cave was quiet--no one else was awake.  Alex patrolled the perimeter of the camp and continued to sense him.  She was drawn to the river and gulped hard.  The pirates were here.  She ran for Major Nita.

	Meanwhile, Cora, the cook, who was on watch, ran from the viewing station.  She shook Thania.  "Thania, wake up!  There are three ships in the river.  They're here."  Cora panicked, waving her hands frantically.
Thania ran to inform Major Nita and found Alex with her.  They exchanged information and raised the silent alarm.  The girls mustered in the dining room.
"The attack Alex warned us about had begun," Major Nita said.  
Thania mustered the patrols, while the Major sent Sera, the messenger, to the Regiment to request reinforcements.  
	Patrols one through five were set up around the camp interior, while patrols six through ten were dispatched to the hills with bows and arrows.
	Alex dashed to the storeroom.  "Lila, stay here, all right?"  She snatched a bow and a full arrow sleeve.  "Don't come out for anything."
"Why?" Lila asked.  "What's going on?"
"I'll explain later."  Alex ran out to join the defense on the hilltops.  Thania had split up the defensive positions--she guarded the camp below while Alex set up the patrols above.  A patrol led by Gita was positioned to her right and Mona's patrol to her left.  
Alex approached Mona and tapped her on the shoulder.  "Mona, do you remember the flaming arrow drill we practiced a long time ago?  Hit those ships." 
Mona raised her eyebrows, but beckoned to her patrol and led them away.  
Next, Alex ran to her right.  "Gita, move over there, above the cooking area.  We'll surround it from above since they'll find it first." 
On the other side of the valley, Ita and her patrol sat in position.  Alex motioned to Sata to move her patrol left and moved Mira's patrol to a position farther right on top of the ridge.  Then, there was nothing to do, but wait.  Time dragged.  The sky grew light, but all eyes were on the valley below. 

At last, a small group of men entered the clearing.  
"Here it is.  Come on," one of them shouted loud enough to be heard from above.  "They're here somewhere.  The fire's still burning.  Look around gents."  
The men fanned out.  More men arrived until there were about thirty below.  
"Let's just burn it.  That'll flush them out."  A man raised a lit torch in the air.  
Alex shot the first arrow, aimed at his chest.  Then, the other patrols opened up.  Men scattered in confusion, ducking behind trees and running to the river, even as flames rose from the burning ships.  
With her sword drawn, Alex led the charge down the hill.  She ran to the river with another patrol behind her.  The girls swung their swords at any man they saw.  Alex could clearly tell that these men weren't soldiers and hadn't been adequately trained for this attack.  Still, they put up some resistance as they were driven back to the river.  
On the riverbank, a group of pirates watched as the ships burned, uncertain what to do.  Alex signaled to Mona's patrol above her to open fire.  The air filled with arrows, and men fell dead. 
The remaining pirates tried to douse the fires as they pulled up anchor.  Two ships drifted away in flames.  The third ship followed, listing to the right when Alex felt the presence of Thorne once more.  She sensed his panic and fear, and it made her smile.  

Once the battle was over, the girls mustered in the cooking area.  By then, Colonel Jeffrey and thirty men had arrived with Sera.  They dismounted and searched for any pirates left behind.  Some were found hiding behind some rocks near the river.  After a brief skirmish, they gave up.  
"Take them to the Regiment."  Colonel Jeffrey waved at his men.  He then went to speak with Major Nita and Thania, but saw Alex and shouted at her before she disappeared into the cave.  "I need to speak to you, Alex.  Wait here."  The Colonel strode over to speak to Major Nita and returned.
"Is something wrong, Colonel?"  Alex asked.
"I've been trying to find you.  I wanted to apologize for what happened at the reception.  I was wrong.  Please forgive me."  With a gallant flourish, he kissed the back of her hand.
"Colonel, don't do that.  I just finished fighting a battle."  Alex jerked her hand away.
"I wanted to let you know that I've missed you.  I didn't realize how much until you didn't show up with Lila.  I was worried.  I love you very much, Alex.  I want you to know that."
"You can't possibly think I'm going to believe you." 
"I admit I was wrong.  I'm sorry I hurt you."
"You tried to kill me." 
"No, I--I had too much to drink that night.  Alex, please, this isn't like you." 
"Yes, it is."  Alex stormed away into the cave.
Colonel Jeffrey put his hands on his hips and watched her as she marched away.  This had never happened to him before.  He'd sounded convincing; he was sure of it.  What the fuck was her problem?  He rubbed his chin and got on his horse, taking a sip from a silver flask that he hid in his jacket. 

Alex went to her room and sat in the dark for a moment, thinking hard.  Are you kidding me?  He loves me?  Now, he says this to me.  But after what he did, can I trust him?  Tears of confusion rolled down her face.  She lay down on her blankets and pounded her fist on the floor.  He's lying.  How could he love me when I killed his brother?  That doesn't make any sense.  Is there another reason?  She wiped away her tears.  What's going on? 
Chapter 13

GREEN STONE MINE

	After the early morning fracas, order was restored to the Scinthian camp, and the cooks made breakfast.  Alex ate and returned to her little room for a nap, but her mind raced, thinking about Colonel Jeffrey and his declaration of love.  
Tiring of her own thoughts, she held up a candle to the Dwarf writings.  Her reading skills were a little rusty, but she could make out the details of the Dwarf's arrest and imprisonment.  He claimed he was innocent and just didn't have time to report his finding of gold before he was arrested.  
Intrigued by the story, Alex pulled her blankets to one side and brushed the dirt away, discovering the entire floor was a map of Seaward Isle, complete with the volcano in the middle.  Fascinated, Alex traced the river dividing the southern part of the island called the Futile River, and the main branch called the Eastern.  She ran her fingers over Nyla, her home at the end of the Eastern River beside the lake called the Inward Sea.  
The Dwarf marked the mines and tunnels where he'd worked with the symbols for the minerals found in those locations.  The only place on the island where he didn't work was in the northwest, where the land was too swampy and too close to the Elves.
	To the south, he marked the Green Stone Mine near Agana.  He used the symbol of a diamond inside a diamond.  Next to the western end of the mine was a tunnel, leading to the city of Orunga, where it adjoined another tunnel, connecting the city to the river where the Dwarves transported their goods.  
Alex also traced a small tunnel from the city to the prison's location north of the Eastern River, which meant there was an entrance somewhere close by.  Finding it was another issue--she needed help from the Scinthians.
Alex found Thania at lunch.  "Thania, I need to show you something on the floor in my room."
Thania raised her hands.  "I'm not going to your room."
"Come on, it's just a map.  I need your help finding something."  Alex led her to her room and showed her the map on the floor.  "Look, there's the Green Stone Mine where Rosa's family is being held.  I think I can get there using this system of tunnels, but I have to find this entrance on the north side of the river."
"What does it look like?"
"You should see Dwarf markings carved into the rocks.  It's got to be close by."
Thania sat up and nodded.  "All right.  I'll get some patrols out looking."
Several hours later, one of the patrol leaders found some unusual markings and showed them to Alex.  They were badly eroded, but Alex found a cave nearby with more promise.  The markings were clearly visible.  Alex entered cautiously.  She could see for a few feet, but beyond that, there was only darkness. 
Alex kicked an object on the ground and bent down to find a dragon torch.  Nodding with approval, she lit it.  With the torch held high, she entered the cave and stopped at a wall where more Dwarf words were written.
"Korunda sita."  Alex said the spell and waited as a door opened slowly, revealing a set of stairs, leading down.  Far below, water rushed by, and a sign welcomed her to the River Tunnel.  Excited, Alex returned to camp to notify Thania.
"Thania, I found the tunnel!  I'm going to explore it and see if I can get to the Green Stone Mine.  If I can, I'll come back, and we can launch a rescue mission."
"All right, I'll let the Major know."  
Alex gathered some rations from the cooks and checked her weapons.  As she strode to the cave with her bow and arrow sleeve over her shoulder, Major Nita came over to her, followed by three Scinthian girls.  They were also armed, carrying a Scinthian arrow pack on their backs with two small Tamul swords, and a large bow.
	"We're going with you."  Kira smiled at her.  Two other girls, Puna and Rosa, stood next to her.  Rosa's face still showed signs of bruising, but the swelling was gone.
"No, I'd better go alone," Alex said.  "It's too dangerous.  All I want to do is see where this goes.  It may not go anywhere."  
	"I don't think you're listening."  Puna touched her ear.  "We're going with you.  Let's go."  
	"Besides, you don't know my brother-in-law's name or what he looks like."  Rosa nodded.
	"True, but all I want to do is to see where this goes.  Then, we could mount a rescue."
	"You don't have a choice," Kira said.  "Let's go.  We're wasting time."  She went in the cave first and blew softly at the base of the dragon torch to light it.  The other two girls followed, leaving Alex behind.  
"They insisted.  Be careful."  Major Nita gave Alex a quick hug.  
	Alex hid her smile--she was glad to see them, especially Kira and Puna.  They had been on a previous mission with her when they explored the pirate cave together.  Not only that, but they were also part Water Elf and had blue hair in their ears like she did.

Alex led the way down the steep and slippery steps.  At the bottom, the group trekked along a narrow path, taking them over some rushing water.  The air was moist and damp; condensation dripped on their heads.  A short distance away, an underground river flowed beneath the passage.  They hiked along, single file. 
After several hours, they came up to another set of stairs carved into the rocks.  There was a dry landing, where they stopped to eat and get their bearings.  The path ahead split in several directions.  Each girl explored a separate path.  
Rosa was the first to return, followed by Puna and Kira.  Alex was last.  
"I found more stairs," Rosa said.  "Over there."  She pointed to the left.
"Good, because mine was a dead end," Kira said.  "Alex, how long do these torches last?"  
"I don't know.  I've had some that lasted only an hour and others all day.  Just leave it upside-down on the ground and it'll fix itself overnight.  There's more by the stairs."  Alex pointed to a stack of them by the wall.  
"How does it fix itself?"  Kira placed her torch on the ground upside-down.
"I don't know.  It's magic."  Alex shrugged. 
Rosa and Puna replaced their torches as well, and the group climbed the stairs to another landing with Alex leading the way. 
"Do you feel that?"  Alex felt a breeze on her face.  "There must be an opening nearby."  She peeked around a corner--moonlight was visible on the floor.  With a finger to her lips, she pointed ahead.  She dowsed her torch and crept behind some rocks to peer out.  Below, the city of Agana, filled with dark houses and empty streets, lay before them.
Alex and her companions took in the view and quietly congratulated themselves. 
"Let's go inside and rest for a few hours."  Puna yawned.  

	Alex was too excited to sleep; she took the first watch while her Scinthian friends slept.  By moonlight, she stared across the valley to the cave entrance where the prisoners were being held.  In front of the mine, the landscape was dotted with torches and lanterns.  At least twenty men stood guard, but Alex knew there were more.  She'd seen them when she rode by several days ago on her way to the market.  There were hundreds of men at that time.  However, the entrance to the mine was somewhat small, needing only a few men at a time. 
Alex only had three girls with her--she didn't have to calculate the odds.  She had no chance in a direct confrontation.  The prisoners could help, but they didn't have any weapons.

Alex heard a small noise to her left and turned quickly, but it was only Rosa.  
"What can we do against all that?"  Rosa sat down, placing her chin on her knees.
"Well, this mine should be designed like all the other Dwarf mines."  Alex stared at it as she thought out loud.  "They always have two entrances."  
"So what?"
"That means we can get in from the back entrance and close the front one."  Alex grinned.  "That's it, Rosa.  We can lock out the guards and free the prisoners."
"How?"  
"With magic.  Dwarf magic."  
	"Are you serious?"
	"Listen to me.  The Dwarves wrote the spells on the walls, so they could remember them.  All I have to do is read it, close the entrance, and lock out the guards.  The prisoners could leave out the back."  Alex wriggled her fingers like legs walking away.
	"How do you know there's another entrance?"
	"It's a safety issue.  The Dwarves always had two ways into a mine.  Otherwise, it was too dangerous."
	"But where would the people go?"   
	"I saw another tunnel on the map that goes to the Dwarf city called Orunga and another into Agana.  The Dwarves probably used it to get to the river to ship their goods at the harbor.  So, the people could go to Agana and on to the palace to take over."  Alex nodded as her plan took shape.  "It's a long shot, but feasible."
	"What?"  Rosa shook her head in disbelief.  
	"The palace has an armory, a very large armory in the basement.  I've been there.  We just have to get in."  Alex tapped her fingers nervously.  "Rosa, we need to see if there's a tunnel that goes near the palace."  
	"Of course, and we just make ourselves at home."  
	"Yes, exactly."  
	Rosa waved her hands at Alex and went back to bed.  Alex thought out her plan again.  It could work if the tunnels were still intact and connected all the way to the palace.  But first, she had to figure out how to close the mine doors without being seen.  Those doors could be a problem because she'd have to get very close.  Her excitement level rose as she calculated the possibilities. 
Alex leaned back against the wall and emptied her mind for a moment of rest.  As she closed her eyes, an image of Mellen's contented face appeared, and she heard him Elfspeak.
	"Thorne, these women are very good.  We should keep a few."
	"Yes, I feel renewed.  I can see why they have so many slaves.  How's your headache now?"  
	"Better, but that potion wasn't strong enough.  I still need willow bark.  At least, it's not throbbing anymore."  He sighed.  "Tomorrow, our journey begins, my friend--Bersamon will start the voting.  After that, Agana will be ours."
	"What will happen to those who oppose him?"
	"Once he has power, they'll support him or die."  Mellen laughed unpleasantly.
	His laughter echoed in Alex's head, and his face faded from her view.  But at least, she knew he was in Agana somewhere.  She was intrigued by his persistent headache.  Was it still the same one from the brain buster?  Maybe she should send him another one, but stopped after she closed her eyes.  Sending a brain buster meant getting one back, and she didn't have any willow bark.  It made a big difference, and she wondered why he couldn't get any.  
	Then she thought about what he had said concerning the women slaves.  Furious, she remembered her rescue of Lila from the pirates--they were going to sell her as a slave, once they were done with her.
But what about the voting?  To affirm his claim to the throne, Bersamon would need a majority of votes from the remaining family Elders as required by tradition.  The voting had to be stopped.  
It was still dark outside; the fires at the mine entrance burned like her thoughts.  If voting begins the next day, there was no time to waste.  The prisoners had to get to the palace.  Otherwise, Bersamon would win.
Alex ran inside to let Rosa know that she was leaving and would return soon.  As soon as she left, Rosa fell back to sleep.  

	With a dragon torch held high, Alex marked her trail on the wall like a Dwarf would using a white stone.  At the bottom of the stairs, she took the path to her left that led to a dead end, but she read the Dwarf words to open a door in the wall.  
	The door led to the city of Orunga.  A large entry gate had the name of the city clearly written in Dwarf on top and marked a change in atmosphere where the air felt dry.  The buildings were old, but livable.  Why did the Dwarves leave such a nice place?  
A sign pointed ahead to the river down a long tunnel called the City Tunnel.  As she ran down it, she heard the river to her right.  Further on, the tunnel met with another.  The Dwarves named this one the Market Tunnel.    
Alex marked the trail and turned left down the Market Tunnel, away from the river.  Not more than twenty yards in front of her were sturdy pillars supporting a large building where a wooden staircase led up to a door.  The door was locked, but she opened it with her magic Dwarf key.  She pushed the door open, but closed it immediately when she heard footsteps.  
Alex put her ear to the door and listened as a new shift of guards came on duty.  She nodded--she was at the palace.  Then she locked the door and sensed Elves above her.  She backed away, retracing her steps.  

	As soon as Alex returned, she woke the girls.  "Wake up.  Guess what I found?"
	They stared at her, still half-asleep.
	"I found the Dwarf city of Orunga."
	Rosa yawned.
	"I'll show you after breakfast when you wake up."  After breakfast, she led them to the entryway to the city.  "I just wanted to show it to you.  We need to find the mine first.  It must be the other way.  Let's go."  Alex said.  "Look for the Dwarf symbol for the Green Stone Mine.  It looks like a diamond inside a diamond."  
They hiked deeper into the tunnel, searching the walls with their torches.
"Here it is."  Kira pointed to a marking carved into the wall at her knees.  "Is this it?" 
	"Yes.  Do you see a map on the wall anywhere?" Alex raised her torch up.  "Dwarves always painted large maps on the wall to guide them through the mines."  
	"Over here."  Puna held her torch up.  "It's damaged."
	Alex examined it.  "We're on the right track.  The Green Stone Mine should be just ahead."  She saw another stone wall with a large double diamond and rubbed her hand over it.
	"How do we get in?"  Rosa felt the wall for an opening.  
Alex saw more Dwarf words carved into the wall and translated them.  "If you wish for a green stone, tell me and you may enter." 
	"What?" the girls asked.   
Alex stood for a moment to think of the proper sentence structure.  "Li ti-min ret o-run-ga."  The words came out slowly.  
An opening in the wall moved inward--the girls backed up in surprise.
	"How did you do that?"  Rosa asked.
	"I just said, I want a green stone, in Dwarf, and it opened.  It should say how to close it on the inside."  Alex showed them the markings and continued translating.  "After you've entered, please close the door.  It uses the standard phrase, but I think we should leave it open for now, just in case we need to make a quick getaway."
The girls stared at her.
Alex stared back.  "What?  The Dwarves did this to protect their mines.  I'm only doing what they said to do.  You used to live near Dwarves, why don't you know how to do this?" 
Pressing ahead, Alex led them through the mine on a path with a steep drop off to the left.  Although it was wide enough for several people to pass without falling over the edge, the girls stayed in a single file near the wall.  They moved in darkness, the only light coming from their dragon torches.  
Soon, they heard the sound of people and moved towards it.  Light cut through the darkness from an opening at the top of some stairs.  

Alex climbed up where she had a view of a large cavern, filled with people.  Hundreds of torches and lanterns lit the area, filling it with smoke.  Her eyes watered, and she covered her mouth and nose with her cloak's hood.  Daylight streamed into the cavern from the small opening on the other side of the cave.  The sheer size of the group surprised her.   
Now filled with doubt, Alex broke into a sweat.  It'll take a long time for this many people to get through the tunnels, especially with older people and small children.  
 	The other girls came up beside her, and their eyes widened when they saw the huge group.  It resembled a market--men pushed small carts on paths between groups.  One cart was loaded with bread, another with buckets of water, and another for wastes and trash.  A man brought in a large load of hay on a small cart.  People moved to and from the carts in constant motion.  The girls covered their faces and wiped tears from their eyes from the smoke.
Alex motioned to Rosa.  "We can go down together.  I can get up to the front and close the doors."
"No, it would be better for if I bring my brother-in-law here, and you can explain it to him.  That way, no one will alert the guards."
"All right."  Alex nodded.
Rosa pulled out a green scarf from her pack and put it on.  She climbed down the wall.  No one seemed to take notice of her until she reached the bottom and went up to a group.  One man pointed towards the front of the cave, and she bowed to him.  Rosa proceeded confidently through the crowd, grabbing a loaf of bread from a cart.  She strolled towards another group on the opposite side of the room.  
Alex watched as Rosa was greeted warmly.  
"That's Jilla."  Kira pointed at the Scinthian girl who worked with Rosa and her sister.   
Across the cavern, Alex watched as Rosa talked to a man.  Even from this distance, she could see his expression change--he stood straighter and threw his shoulders back.  He furrowed his brow and turned to another man, discussing the situation.  Rosa turned to her and raised her shoulders.  The man turned back to Rosa and nodded.
Chapter 14

ANNOUNCEMENT

A column of soldiers, wearing Bersamon's red-and-black uniforms, entered the mine, beating their shields with broad swords to keep the crowd at bay.  Alex covered her ears against the noise that echoed in the room.  The crowd backed away as women and children screamed.  
Stepping forward, Bersamon began speaking while surrounded by his personal guard.  Alex couldn't understand a word he said, but saw the reaction.  Men pushed through the crowd to shout at him.  A loud outcry rose when he finished speaking, and the men raised their fists in anger.  

*	*	*

Down on the floor, Olivia stood beside the men and shouted, "We want freedom.  Free-dom.  Free-dom."  She raised her arm in the air and led the chant.  
John saw the soldiers begin to move towards her.  "Olivia, stop."  He waved his hands, but she couldn't hear him.  He grabbed her.  "Olivia, stop.  The soldiers--" 
Olivia continued to chant while in his arms, "Free-dom.  Free-dom."   
The soldiers were now getting very close.
"Olivia, stop now!"  John shook her by the arms.  "Stop!"
Olivia stared at him.  
"The soldiers are getting angry.  They have weapons--we don't."  He spoke between his teeth.  "Stop it now, or you're going to get us all killed."
"What?  Omigod, John."  She covered her mouth with her hand.
John turned to the soldiers.  "Sorry, it's all right.  She's stopped."  He held up his hand, and the soldiers backed away.  
Bersamon nodded with a smile and left, waving his hand and followed by his personal guard.  As soon as they left, the turmoil returned.  Men gathered to argue.  Women and children screamed and cried in terror. 

*	*	*

The uproar in the room was deafening, and Alex and the girls retreated.  Puna suggested they take turns looking for Rosa, and she took the first watch.  Alex and Kira got something to eat and drink.  
Alex considered her plan.  Based on the mood of the people, they weren't going wait.  Besides, she felt a sense of urgency to change the outcome of the vote.  Her anger at Mellen intensified.  His support of Bersamon was behind all this.  If she could free the prisoners, the men could go to the palace first, and the women and children could follow.  Alex hoped Mellen would be trapped in the palace, so she would have her chance to kill him and get this over with.  
Puna came down the stairs.  "Rosa's coming, and she's bringing two men with her."  
Relieved, Alex climbed up and leaned over the edge to see Rosa and the men climbing the wall.
When Rosa got to the top, she shook her delicate fist.  "Did you see him?  That was Bersamon.  He told everyone he started the voting.  The period of mourning isn't even over."  
The men came up next.  Alex greeted them with a bow as she had been taught on a previous visit to Agana.  The other girls mimicked her.  
Rosa introduced the first man.  "This is my sister's husband, Kamlan, and this is Sarga.  I told them that you would explain your plan, Alex."
Alex stared at the men's faces, covered with sweat.  "Here's it is, gentlemen.  This is a Dwarf mine, and all Dwarf mines have entrances that can be closed.  If I can get to the front, I can close the opening to lock out the guards.  Then we can help you escape through these tunnels.  You can either go to Verity, or you can go to Agana.  We'll go with you either way."
"Are you an Elf?  The Elves support Bersamon."  Sarga raised his right eyebrow.
"Not all Elves, only Mellen and his friends.  I'm in the King's Army from Northeast Forest."  
"Why does the Forest Army wish to help us?"
"Because Bersamon is Mellen's friend, and Mellen has been a menace to us for many years.  Our King has warned us about him."  
"How can you close the mine?  Are you a witch?"  Kamlan asked.
"I'm not a witch, but I can read Dwarf.  They always wrote the spells on the walls of their mines, inside and out.  All I have to do is to say the Dwarf words to open or close them." 
"Wait, we must discuss this."  Sarga pulled Kamlan away to talk about it.  They spoke in whispers, gesturing wildly with their hands.  Before long, they returned.
"How can we stop Bersamon?  We have no weapons."  Sarga held out his empty hands.
"I can take you to the palace," Alex said.  "There's a large armory in the basement--you can get weapons there." 
"How can you get us into the palace?" 
"There's a tunnel underneath it where I found an entrance."
"I suppose you have a key."
"Yes."  Alex showed him the Dwarf key.  "I already tried it.  It works."
"When do we begin?"  Sarga's eyes grew large.  "We will destroy Bersamon."  He shook his fist.

*	*	*

	On the floor of the cave, Olivia cuddled up to her husband.  "John, I'm sorry.  Thanks for stopping me.  I got caught up in the moment."
	"You have to watch it, Olivia.  We're not in America anymore."
	"I know.  I just think this is so wrong.  Did you hear Baraberi?"
	"Not really, was it about the voting?"
	"Yes, but she also said Kamlan brought a woman over to talk to Sarga about getting out of here."
	"How?"
	"Don't know yet, but keep your eyes and ears open."  Olivia kissed him on the cheek and ran her fingers through his hair.  "I hope it's real."
	"There's been a rumor every hour, Olivia.  Don't count on it."
	"There's always hope, John.  We can't let them win."
	"Who?"
	"Them."  Olivia pointed to the cave opening where a soldier marched by.
Chapter 15

FREEDOM

With a nod, Alex began operations.  Rosa gave her a flowered scarf, covering her head, but her long braid dangled down her back.  Alex and Rosa climbed down to the floor of the large room, followed by Sarga and Kamlan.  Rosa led her towards the front entrance.  The people had moved away from the opening since Bersamon's departure, but Alex had to get closer without looking suspicious to the guards.  Sarga and Kamlan whispered the plan to others as they passed by.  People watched Alex curiously as she scanned the walls.  
Baraberi tapped her on the shoulder.  "Lady Alexin, it's me, Baraberi.  Do you remember me?  We met when you came to Agana several years ago with Governor Tyrone."
Alex was stunned, but recovered.  "Yes, I do.  I'm so sorry to hear about your father's passing, Baraberi."
	"Thank you.  I didn't know you were arrested like the rest of us.  Your King will be very upset.  I apologize."
	"I wasn't arrested.  I'm sorry, but I can't explain right now.  Talk to Sarga."  

	As Alex turned away, Olivia nudged her husband in the ribs.  "John, isn't she the black-haired girl from the reception at Governor Norton's house?  The one who saw Ambassador Hodges being murdered?  What's she doing here?"
	"I didn't get a good look at her, but she does have black hair.  I can see her braid."	
"I'm going to see what she's up to."  Olivia came up behind Alex, following her every move.  She squinted and wondered what she was looking at.  
Alex turned around and glared at Olivia, placing her hand on the hilt of her sword.  
Sarga intervened and put his hand out.  "She means no harm.  This is Olivia Richards from the King's Weekly Journal in Southport."
"I just want to help."  Olivia's knees were shaking.
"Do you know how to read Dwarf?"  Alex asked.
Olivia shook her head.
"Then stay back...please."  Alex waved her hand at her.  
Sarga caught John's eye, and he stepped forward to pull Olivia away as Alex resumed her search.
	John held Olivia in his arms, but she narrated the scene into her tape recorder in a whisper.  Sarga motioned for her to keep quiet.
  	Alex had nearly reached the cave entrance when a guard saw her.
	"Get back!"  He blew his whistle and waved at her.	
	"Gut mir-ra don."  Alex backed away.
Olivia's jaw fell when she heard a low rumble and the walls around the opening moved.  
Alex stepped back and ran into her.  "Stay back."  She pushed Olivia and John away from the opening.  
The guard shouted an alarm and blew his whistle again.  "Witch!  I will kill you."  He poked her with a long spear, but she dodged out of the way. 
Other guards tried to enter, but they were too late.  The opening was too small.  

Olivia gasped.  She barely saw Alex's sword as it blocked the soldier's spear.  Then it chopped the spear in two like a stick of butter.  
The guard drew his sword, but Sarga threw a rock at him and hit him on the left temple.  A moment later, the guard was pelted with more rocks and fell to the ground.  The prisoners ran over and beat him.  
Olivia saw another flash of silver as Alex returned her sword to its scabbard as the opening shut tight with a resounding thud.  The room fell silent. 
Sarga turned to the people.  "Soldiers from the Forest Army have come to help us.  They will lead us out of here to freedom.  Freedom!"    
The crowd cheered and chanted, "Free-dom.  Free-dom." 
"Follow me."  Sarga waved at them.
Alex ran to the back of the cave, leading Sarga and his men.
Olivia recorded the events as they happened, describing how the black-haired girl was getting them out of prison.  She ran over to John and pushed him to follow Sarga.  
"John, I'll try to keep up, but don't wait for me.  Find out what's going on."  
John nodded and pushed his way through the crowd to catch up with Sarga and the black-haired girl. 
Alex pushed through the crowd and climbed the wall to the opening.  She turned to the girls.  "I'm going to lead the men to the palace.  Follow the white lines on the wall and bring the women and children."
Kira handed Alex her bow and arrow sleeve and lit a dragon torch for Sarga.  Other men picked up torches and lit them off his.  
Alex tapped him on the arm and led him to the River Tunnel.
Sarga stopped at the tunnel with his mouth open, breathing hard.  "What is this place?"  He pointed towards the sound of rushing water.
	"If you go that way, you'll go to Verity.  This way leads us to the palace in Agana."
	"Take us to the palace.  But…what is this place?"
	"This is the Dwarf City of Orunga."
	"I've heard legends of it since I was a child, but never found it.  How do we get to the palace?"  Sarga spun on his heels to gaze at the city, filled with stone buildings and paved streets.  
"Ahead--follow me."  Alex ran on.
They ran through the city and stopped at the entrance to the City Tunnel.  Sarga bent over to catch his breath.  Others soon joined them, stopping and putting their hands on their hips.  They rested as more men caught up.  
Alex encouraged them on.  "We'll go down this tunnel to the river where it meets another one.  At that point, we'll be under the palace.  I'll open the door and go in.  Follow quietly, and we'll go to the armory."
	"I know where the armory is," a man standing next to Sarga announced.  "I was a guard at the palace.  I know where there's a key."  
"Let's go."  Sarga patted him on the shoulder.  
	Near the middle of the group, John stopped and leaned over with his hands on his knees, gasping for air.  The girl was leading them hard and fast.  No sooner had he caught up to the front, than it was time to move on.  He put his hand on his ribs to rub the stitch in his side.  This was more exercise than he was used to.  
  
A few hours later, they turned down the Market Tunnel to the wooden steps under the palace.  Alex slowed and climbed the staircase while Sarga kept everyone quiet.  
With her key, Alex unlocked the door and pushed it open.  The former palace guard pushed by her where he met an old friend on guard duty in the hall.  He whispered a quick explanation, and the guard smiled at him.  Alex, Sarga, and more men poured in.  Alex stood behind a pillar as a lookout.  The hall was empty.  The guard unlocked the armory door, motioning to Sarga.  Swords and spears were handed out.  Soon, a line of archers formed near Alex.
As she waited, Alex no longer felt an Elf presence above her.  Although disappointed, she was alarmed when she heard footsteps above.  She motioned to Sarga and pointed upward, preparing to launch an arrow at the intruders.  
"They're servants.  I'll speak to them."  Sarga ran upstairs. 
The servants nodded to him, staring at the large group gathering in the basement.  
Sarga gestured for everyone to move.  Immediately, men flowed up the staircase to begin the attack.
John picked up a shield and spear from the armory and followed.  He felt a nervous excitement--he was going to help them overthrow Bersamon.  Strangely, he had no hesitation in doing so.  Even though he didn't know these people, he knew it was Bersamon and his soldiers who put them in prison for no reason.  He wanted to get even.

Sarga burst into the grand throne room, followed by a massive wall of shields and spears carried by his supporters.  
	"Bersamon!"  Sarga pointed at him.
The portly man with the large dark mustache rose in surprise.  "Sarga?  Kill him!"  
None of his soldiers moved.
	"You see?  I'm not dead."  Sarga grabbed John's spear, the closest one to him and threw it at Bersamon's chest.  "But you are."
Bersamon screamed and clutched the spear as blood gushed out of his chest.  In moments, he fell to the floor, dead.
A cheer rose in the room, and Sarga's men swarmed in.
John stood rooted in place.  He gulped hard as he took in what had just happened.  His spear had been used to kill Bersamon, the pretender to the throne.  His knees felt weak.

	"Now my brothers, we must vote."  Sarga stood at the throne and waved his arms.  Another cheer rose from the men in the room. 
Alex watched as the men picked up a rock from a table and dropped it into one of a series of boxes.  Sarga put a rock in a box and ordered his men to secure the palace as soon as they'd finished voting.  
"Why are they putting rocks in there?"  Alex asked Kamlan.
"Each rock is a vote for a new leader, and each box represents a family.  At the end of voting, the boxes will be opened, and the family with the most rocks will have the new King."
	Soon, Kira and Puna came in, leading a large number of women.  Many tears were shed as they mingled with the men in the room.  A few stood over to the body of Bersamon, including Baraberi.  Silently, she placed a flower on his chest and burst into tears.
	Olivia spied John at the other end of the room.  He looked pale.  She waved and went over to check on him, recording all the while.

When Baraberi saw Alex, she rushed up to her.  "Lady Alexin, how did you do this?"
"The Dwarves showed me how."   
"Dwarves?  There weren't any Dwarves."    
"No, but there used to be.  They left their spells on the walls, so they wouldn't forget how to open and close the mine entrances.  But Baraberi, I must ask you to forget that I was even here."
"Why?  You saved my country, my people.  We must honor you."  
"We're not supposed to be here." 
She covered her mouth.  "It's too late.  We can't thank you enough for what you've done."  But then, she frowned.  "Uncle Bersamon used to be my favorite." 
Alex felt sorry for her and bent down to give her a brief hug.  Then she turned away.
	"Why does she call you, Lady Alexin?"  Kira nudged Alex gently in the side.
 	"It's a long story.  I'll tell you later.  Let's leave."
	Olivia and John stood locked in each other's arms, crying tears of relief.  John briefly described what happened, and Olivia recorded his statement on her tape recorder.  She glanced around for the black-haired girl, but she was gone, as were the women who'd been with her.  As the excitement settled down, Olivia found Sarga for an exclusive interview and furthered her campaign for survivors.  She found a receptive audience.  

The girls found women and children, straggling in from as far back as Orunga, and Rosa encouraged them to continue.  Rosa decided to return to Agana with her family. 
	The other three girls returned to the River Tunnel that led to Verity.  When they reached the cave's exit, Alex paused.  
"Kira, Puna, go on back.  I need to get back to Agana," Alex said.
	"What for?"  Kira asked.  
	"I forgot I left my horse at the stables when I went to the market.  I'd better get him back to Nyla.  Tell Major Nita for me."  Alex embraced them.  "Thanks for everything."
	"The Major won't like it," Kira said.  "We're supposed to stay together."
	"I know.  I'll be back as soon as I can."  Alex backed away, waving at them.
	Slowly, the two girls turned and headed towards the Scinthian camp.
	Alex went back to Agana, wondering about the Elves.  They weren't in the palace, so where had they gone?

*	*	*

	Olivia and John found Brother Joseph in the crowd and made sure he was all right.  He offered to take them back to the library where they could rest and eat.  The library had been ransacked, but a team of men in brown robes helped Brother Joseph put things back in order.  
Olivia found her bag among the debris and checked the solar charger for her batteries.  To her relief, it still worked, and she pulled out the double A batteries for a quick charge.  She took out her notepad to write down what had happened while John helped straighten up.  
As Olivia listened to the recorder, she tried to determine what the black-haired girl had said to close the opening.  The recording was noisy, but she could distinguish the girl's voice among the others.  Olivia asked Brother Joseph and others to listen.  None of them knew what the words meant or what language she was speaking.  

*	*	*

	Alex caught up to Rosa and her family as they made their way slowly to Agana.  
	Rosa introduced her sister's mother-in-law, Denan.  
	"I cannot believe you found Orunga, Alex."  Denan stared around her.  "I was here when I was a little girl.  My brother and I found an entrance to a tunnel and climbed down a ladder.  We wandered through the city for hours.  We thought we were lost.  When we climbed out and told our parents, they told us never to do it again."
	"Why not?"  Alex asked.
	"They said if the Dwarves caught us, they would make us slaves to work in the mines."  
	"The Dwarves wouldn't do that."  Alex shook her head.
	By the time they reached the palace, Sarga had proclaimed victory in the election and was now the King.  The party was just beginning.  
Alex escorted Rosa's family home and ate supper with them.  

Later, Alex went to get her horse at the stables and found the stable master grooming him.  The man refused to release him unless she gave him a silver coin.  She didn't have one, so he refused to give up her horse.  She mounted another one that was already saddled.
"What are you doing?"  The man ran in front of her.
"If you won't give me my horse, I'll take this one."  Alex spurred the horse to move ahead, but the stable master grabbed the reins.
"All right.  You can have your horse, but it cost me a lot of money to feed him.  Wait…" He paused, eyeing her more closely.  "Weren't you the one who got us out of the mine?"
Alex nodded.
"It's on me, then.  Thanks for your help."  He saddled her horse, and she threw him a brassie, which he caught in mid-air. 
It was sundown by the time Alex left the city.  Winter was approaching--it was getting dark earlier.  Back on the road, she headed due east along the coast.  

Before long, she knew the Elves were ahead of her--she could sense them.  The feeling was overwhelming.  She rode on through the night, stopping only to let her horse rest and get water.  Finally, she stopped, too tired to go on, and tied the horse loosely to a bush, climbing up a tree to rest.  She couldn't believe how difficult this mission was turning out to be.  There were no shortcuts or easy fixes.  She couldn't even get close to Mellen.  No wonder they assigned her this mission.  Eventually, fatigue set in, and she closed her eyes until she heard Elfspeak, and the face of Mellen appeared in her mind.  She sighed quietly.
"Thorne, where are you?  I'm on my way to the Castle-by-the-Sea.  Meet me there.  By the way, Bersamon's dead."
"Dead?  What happened?"
"Not sure.  I checked on the prison, but the opening was sealed.  I tried some spells, but none of them worked.  The guards tried using picks, but that didn't work either.  They said a witch was inside."
"How do you know Bersamon's dead?"
"I went back to the palace and one of the guards told me.  I barely escaped.  We'll go to Pashkina for the winter.  We can train our new recruits there."
"Well, at least I found Tarsin." 
"How many did he bring?"
"Including Tarsin?  Two dozen."
"Where is he?"
"Drunk.  They were having a party."
"Damn!  Did you tell him about the Water Elf?"
"Yes, he said he'd fix it."
"He'd better.  Before you leave, find something stronger for my headache."
"All right, but it'll take me a while to get Tarsin sober."
"Just pour him on a ship and meet me at the castle."   
The faces faded from Alex's mind.  Tarsin had finally showed up--he must have been drinking since he left.  His addition was a concern for her, especially with that many Elves.  She wondered how he intended to fix Prince Darin.  She closed her eyes to notify Lord Odin in Elfspeak, but he didn't answer.    
Then she laughed at the thought of Mellen trying to open the cave doors with a pick.  It could be done, but it'd take forever.  Too bad Mellen still had a headache.  With a small smile of satisfaction, she gazed at the stars, leaned back, and drifted off to sleep.  
Sometime during the night, her horse wandered off.  When Alex woke up, she panicked at first, then clicked her tongue a few times, but he didn't come back.  She quieted her mind to find him and sensed him, deep in the forest at a nearby stream.  
When she thanked him for finding water, his head bobbed, and he snorted at her.  She nodded and took a long drink.  The water was cold and refreshing.  She took the horse back to the tree to saddle up, climbed on his back, and headed east to the Castle-by-the-Sea.

*	*	*

	Among the ships at sea, news of the Bersamon's death spread quickly, and before long, port activity had returned to normal.  Seculus and his Elves pulled into the docks on the Locust to search for Olivia and John and found them at the library.  Their tale of rescue by the black-haired girl seemed unbelievable, but from their description, Seculus recognized the Titan girl and notified Lord Odin by Elfspeak.  
Olivia had learned from Baraberi that the black-haired girl's real name was Lady Alexin, and she was the daughter of Count Dumwalt, a man who had been killed by the Wizard Mylar.  She had been in Agana with Governor Tyrone on an official visit as his ward, several years ago.  Olivia was dying to talk to her.  Sooner or later, she would get that girl's story.

Chapter 16

WINDEN

	Alex rode east on the coast road through the barren winter landscape.  Just ahead, three large men rode towards her.  There was no way to avoid them, so she continued on.  
The men spread out to block the road.  Their broad-rimmed hats were pulled low, obscuring their eyes, but broad, unpleasant grins revealed their yellow teeth.  
On the sly, Alex checked her weapons as she came to a stop.
	"'Morning."  One of the men tilted the brim of his hat politely.
	"Good morning."  Alex nodded.  "It's a beautiful day, isn't it?  Could I please get by?"
	"You can't get by without a fee, girl.  All girls have to pay us," the man said.  "If you come quietly, we won't hurt you."  
Alex frowned as they moved in, but they looked oddly familiar.  She flashed a smile and cocked her head.  "How have you been, Wallace?"  
	Caught off-guard, the man straightened in the saddle--very surprised.  "Do I know you?"
	"We've met a few times.  These are your friends, Gorman and Turnin."  Alex nodded at each man as she identified him.  "I met you at Lord Odin's house several years ago when I was with Scout Nora, and then a few years later in the forest when you were going to attack Chancellor Ebbit and the Scinthian Scouts.  You were searching for the Black Elf at the time."
	Stunned into silence, the men exchanged confused glances and pulled nervously on their horses.    
	"Damn!"  Wallace grabbed his hat and slapped it against his thigh.  "You're the Count's daughter, ain't you?  What are you doing here?"     
	"I'm following the Black Elf."
	"What?  Who is it?"  
	"I was told that the Witches of Winden identified him as the Elf Mellen.  I think he went east to the Castle-by-the-Sea."  Alex paused, waiting for a reaction to her concocted story.  
	The men glanced at each other and frowned.  In hushed tones, they discussed the issue among themselves.  
	Wallace turned back to Alex.  "Now just wait a damned minute, why is Mellen the Black Elf?  He rescued the Wizard, so why would he want to kill him?"
	Alex shrugged.  "I don't know.  Maybe he was done with him.  I didn't ask why."
	Wallace pursed his lips and turned to his friends.  He nodded to them, but they shook their heads.  
	Alex hid her smile.  There was no need for these men to know the truth. 
	"We saw Mellen last night," Wallace said.  "He stopped in Winden before he went to the castle."
	"That's why I'm going there."  Alex held her reins up, ready to leave.
	"You're going in alone?"  
	"Unless you want to help."  
	"Help?  Do you know who he is?"  Wallace tilted his hat back, glancing at his friends.  "We'll show you where he is, but you can't fight him alone.  He's got a lot of men with him, and he's brought in more Elves."  He scratched his head and adjusted his hat.  "What do you want him for?"
	"He killed my brother."  Alex swallowed hard and wiped a fake tear from her eye as if it were true.  "Shall we go?"  
Wallace moved his horse out of the way as Alex passed by.  The men turned their horses around and rode east with her, leading the way to the village of Winden, a few miles away.
"Why did you stop looking for the Black Elf?"  Alex asked.
"We figured once the witches were gone from here, they couldn't curse us anymore."  Wallace grinned. 
  
	As Alex rode into town, she noted that Winden was even smaller than her hometown of Nyla.  It had a single dirt road with a dozen huts along either side.  The huts, called shanties by most, were built as housing for survivors and had sturdy stone walls with thatched roofs.  A few had been decorated with flower boxes under the windows.  In the center of town was a small fountain for fresh water with an area for a market, and the community stables with a horse pen. 
The men took her to the stables, where they dismounted and put their horses away.  They went to a nearby shanty where Wallace pounded on the door.
	"Becky, open up!"  Wallace stared at the door and pounded on it again.  "It's me, Wallace."  He waited and rolled his eyes.  "Come on, bitch."
	A peephole in the door slid open, and a green eye peered out.  "What are you doing back here so soon?  You were supposed to go to Agana and report that Elf."  Becky stared angrily through the little opening.  "Who's with you?"
	"We found this girl.  She was traveling alone, so we brought her here for you to look after.  Open up."  Wallace pounded on the door impatiently.
	Becky unlocked the door and opened it, staring at Alex suspiciously.  "Who are you?"  She wiped her hands on a faded flowered apron.
	"My name's Alex, and I'm hunting the Black Elf."
	"Holy Mother of Jesus!  What are you doing?  You're just a girl.  Are you nuts?"
	"She thinks it's Mellen, and he's at the castle."  Wallace pointed with his thumb.  "Are you going to let us in, or do we have stand out here all day?"  
	Becky stepped aside and let them in.  "What the hell do you think you're doing running after Mellen?  He's a mean son of a bitch.  He raped me last night.  These bastards were supposed to report him to Agana.  I heard there was a reward for any information about him."
Wallace threw his hat on a hook by the door, and the other men did the same.  
Alex nodded at her, feeling her anger and pain.  
Becky's eyes followed her every move as Alex sat at the table with the men.  Becky set some cups out and poured tea, then brought out a loaf of bread.  The men tore into the bread, leaving Alex one small piece.  
Becky served them some soup.  She pulled up a chair next to Alex and sat down.  "Why do you want Mellen?"
	"He killed my brother."  Alex maintained her story.   
	"So what?  He's killed a lot of people.  He's like…death."  Becky leaned forward.  "How do you know he's the one?  The Black Elf?"
	"The Witches of Winden told me."  
	"Those evil witches.  Thank the Lord, they finally left." 
	"Yes, they're in Southport now."  Alex finished her soup.
	"Well, good riddance to them.  I hope they stay away from here forever.  That evil Aqua.  She'd come around and tell us about these visions she had.  She made these three chase after that Black Elf and told them if they didn't kill him, they'd be cursed for life."  
	"What kind of visions?"  
	"She saw them on her window, usually around midnight.  I think she was seeing the devil.  She worshipped him."  
	Alex didn't know much about the devil.  She had heard of him when she was in school at the Sword Academy.  The boys used to have a contest about who could tell the scariest stories.  Anything about the devil usually won.  No one would explain to her who he was, but he must be really evil.
	"We'll show her the castle in the morning, Becky.  Can you put her up for the night?"  Wallace finished eating his soup and held his bowl up for another.
	"Sorry, more wrecks on the beach today.  I got a few guests that need tending to.  My place is full."  Becky handed a bowl of soup to Wallace.  Then, she took the other bowls and filled them.  
Alex put her hand up to stop her from filling hers.  
"You need to eat up if you're going to face that bastard."  Becky filled Alex's bowl and got more bread.  "The only place that's empty is the witches' old place.  It's haunted."
	"I'll stay there.  I'm not afraid of ghosts."  Alex slurped her soup from her spoon.
	"You got more guts than anyone here.  I'll show it to you.  You might change your mind."  Becky stood by the door and folded her arms.

	When Alex finished eating, Becky took her down the street towards the beach to a shanty that stood alone.  Alex opened the old wooden door that squeaked loudly.  Becky followed her nervously and stepped inside.  
	"It looks all right.  I can stay here for the night."  Alex put her bag down on the table and coughed from the dust she kicked up.  "It needs a good cleaning.  What happened to this window?"
	"It's broken.  That's the one the witch got her visions on.  I'm leaving.  The men will come by in the morning."  Becky backed up to the front door.  
	"Where's the castle from here?"
	"It's that way.  You can see the lights from here at night."  Becky pointed ahead.
	"Thank you, Becky.  You're very kind.  Is Wallace your husband?"
	"No, I wouldn't marry that bastard.  He's a friend, that's all.  You can have him."
	"I don't want him.  I want the Black Elf.  I'll be all right."
	"Listen, I changed my mind.  You can come back up to the house and sleep on the floor in the kitchen.  That's the only spot I got left.  I've heard ghosts from the shipwrecks live here."
	"I'll be all right, Becky.  Thanks."  Alex nodded.
	Becky left quickly and ran up the street.  
	
Chapter 17

THE SHANTY

Alex opened and closed the door to the shanty several times to reduce the squeaking from the hinges, but it didn't do any good.  She found an old broom in the corner and swept the floor.  Then, she dusted the table and chairs with a rag.  On the stove, she found some utensils and an old frying pan, and on the floor was an empty water pitcher. 
Alex picked up the pitcher and went to find some fresh water.  There didn't appear to be any close by, so she headed into town.  As she rinsed out the pitcher and filled it at the fountain, she heard laughter from behind the stables.   
Some young boys stared at her from the horse pen.  When she turned to leave, they followed behind.  She turned around, stepping backwards with her eye on them. 
	"Are you living in the witches' place?"  The tallest of the boys pointed at the shanty.
	"For the night."  
	"It's haunted, you know.  I've seen ghosts in there.  Your sword won't help you against them."  He grinned at her. 
	"There isn't any other place available.  Besides, it's only for one night."  Alex's voice trailed after them as the boys ran away.  Back inside the shanty, she glanced out the window.  The boys were still there, hiding behind some bushes, whispering. 
To one side of the shanty was a bedroom with a sagging bed.  The shelves on the wall were filled with old jars and bottles.  Alex picked one up and shook it.  It was empty.  Most of them were, except for a clear bottle with a handwritten label that read whiskey.  It had some brownish liquid inside.  She'd heard of it before when she attended the reception for the sword tournament.  Colonel Jeffrey was drinking some that night.
Alex pulled out the cork and smelled it.  It looked like a dark honey, but had a strong sour odor unlike anything she'd ever smelled before.  The fumes penetrated her nostrils.  She took a small sip.  It was sour and left a burning taste at the back of her mouth.  She took a drink of water from the pitcher to rinse out her mouth.  
She tried another sip and choked it down.  It burned her throat, and she felt the fumes go up her nose, so she drank more water.  It tasted awful.  She put the cork back in the top and set it on the shelf.  It tasted too bad to be good.  Why would anyone drink it?  
The rest of the room was bare.  The old wardrobe was empty, as was the chest of drawers.  Under the bed, however, she found an old box filled with books and papers.  Inside were pictures of people on pieces of paper, some in color and others in black and white.  Alex had never seen anything like them before.  The people looked real.  She took the box to the table in the other room and went through it.  
There was a small red booklet that had the word, Passport written on it.  Inside, there was a picture of a woman named Jane Louisa Dunaway from Bristol, England.  She was a younger, thinner version of the witch who called herself, "Eclipse, Daughter of the Moon."  
There was also a bound book of spells and witchcraft.  Alex knew it couldn't be handwritten since the print was too small and uniform.  She opened the book at random and read a spell out loud:

Broom, broom, sweep the floor,
Take the dust out the door.

	To her surprise, the old straw broom in the corner sprang to life and swept the floor.  The door flew open, and the broom swept out the debris.  Then, it returned to the corner.  Alex burst out laughing.  It was the funniest sight she had ever seen.  She tried another one.

Show me what will come today,
On the glass, it's time to say.

	As the window glimmered, Alex stood up and leaned against the wall to watch.  She gasped when Mellen raised his sword at her to attack.  She held up her hands, but noticed her Elfin Blade in his chest.  The window flashed with a blue light, turned into red sparks, and went black.  
Alex stood utterly still, frozen with shock.  She stared at the Elfin Blade in its leather scabbard strapped to her right thigh.  She pulled it out and flipped it around in her hand.  It was too late for what she'd seen in the window to happen today, but could it happen at all?  
The witches had been right before.  The blue flash of light was the same color as the blue light from her hands.  Alex wondered why it had appeared in this vision of Mellen, but realized she would have to use it to kill the Shadows in him.  But how had this vision happened?  Was she imagining things?  She put her hand on the window and felt the cold glass.  The witch must have seen her vision of the Black Elf on this same window.  For some reason, they didn't recognize her.  But did they see the blue light? 
When a rock hit the door, Alex jumped and dropped her blade.  She picked it up and put it back in its holster.  The young boys scrambled behind some bushes when she opened the door.  She grabbed the book and read a handwritten spell, written inside the back cover: 
 
See the young boys out to play,
Keep them far, far away.

	Alex heard a scream, and the boys ran wildly into town.  She giggled hysterically and put the book away.  She slid the box back under the bed.  In her chest, a burning sensation from the whiskey remained as it moved down to her stomach.  She giggled again at the boys.  It seemed very funny. 

	It was late afternoon when she went for a walk on the beach.  She took off her boots, feeling the sand between her toes, reminding her of the last time she was on a beach.  She'd been on the north side of the island with Scout Nora, the Scinthian who'd adopted her many years before.  No one lived up there since most of it was muddy and filled with tall grass, but there was a small stretch of beach where they'd camped for a night before returning to the mountains.  
	Her thoughts wandered to her half brother, Beren.  She hoped he was doing well in the sword tournament.  So far as she knew, he wasn't dead, but she'd used him as her cover story once again.  He probably never realized how useful he was. 
	Alex strolled east for a while and saw the castle in the distance.  The windows were lit, and several smaller campfires surrounded it.  On the wind, she heard some phrases of an old sea tune, Barnacle Bill, the Sailor, as sea gulls glided gracefully on the wind currents.  

To her right, lightning flashed at sea, and thunder rolled across the sky.  The waves grew angry and crashed on the barrier rocks.  Sea spray shot high in the air and rained down on her face.  Dark clouds swirled like a cyclone.  
A large wooden ship with torn sails shot out from the swirling clouds and crashed with a deafening crack into the barrier rocks offshore.  Large waves swept against it and the ship disintegrated, falling in pieces into the sea.  
Alex's jaw dropped.  Where did that ship come from?  She stared at the sky.
With another crack of lightning, another wooden ship appeared out of the swirl of clouds and crashed with a hideous noise onto the rocks.  Waves swallowed up the ship, and it disappeared beneath the water. 
Alex stood, gaping at the awesome power of the storms.
	From behind, people poured out of Winden onto the beach.  Wallace and Becky were among those who ran out to help the survivors.  
Alex watched with fascination.  She knew people got to the island because of these powerful storms, but she had never seen it happen before.  
Her father had come this way.  His ship would have crashed on those rocks.  It was dreadful to think of.  She stared out to sea and in the fading light, saw him wading in the water.  His dark brown hair and clothes were soaking wet, and he held out his arms as he waded to shore.
	Alex ran to the beach to help the man as though he was her father.  She helped him up when he stumbled.  His face was bleeding.  
"Where am I?"  His eyes were wide.
"Seaward Isle."
"Seaward Isle?  I've never heard of it.  Am I dead?"  He clutched his chest.
"No, you're not dead, and this place is very real.  We're just not certain where it is."
"How long have you been here?"  He squinted at her.
"All my life.  I was born here.  My father was shipwrecked here, too.  Once you get here, you can't leave.  The storms that brought you, will keep you here forever."
"What day is it?"
"November 29th, 999."
"No, it's 1722."  He shook his head.
"No, it's the same day, but 999 on Seaward Isle.  Our years are counted from the time the Elves first got to the island.  They're stranded, too."  Alex nodded.
"You're lying.  There's no such things as Elves."  He pushed her away and fell in the shallow water, stunned by the crash of his ship and the revelation about Seaward Isle.
Alex stared at him.  He didn't resemble her father at all.  What was she thinking?  She helped him to the beach where several men from the castle pulled him away and sat him down to check him over.  In the distance, she saw Mellen and Thorne watching from the top of the castle, but they turned away and went inside. 
	Then, Alex felt a hand on her arm, pulling her away.  Noel, the stable boy from Riverton who had joined the pirates, dragged her towards the village.
	"Get out of here," Noel whispered.  He was soaking wet.  
	Alex gasped.  She barely recognized him.  His face was sunburned red, and the skin on his nose was peeling.  His brown hair, now wet, hung below his shoulders, and his brown eyes were reddened from salt water.  But she recognized his voice.
	"Noel, what are you doing here?"
	"Shh!  The important question is, what the bloody hell are you doing here?"  He shook his finger at her.
	"I'm looking for the Elf Mellen.  I heard he was here."
	"Why?  Don't you know how dangerous he is?"  
	"He killed my brother."  Alex maintained her story.  
	"So?  He's dead then.  It ain't worth your life."  Noel glanced nervously back towards the castle.  "Mellen's here all right, but you'd best damn well forget it.  He's brought in a whole lot of other Elves to help him.  Get out of here, bloody fast.  Now!"  Noel's face was determined.  He pushed her back hard and grimaced, standing with his fists raised in case she resisted.  

	Alex frowned and picked up her boots that she'd left in the sand.  As Noel stormed away, she sat on a rock to watch from a distance.  The pirates helped the men who could walk and took them towards the castle.  Some were being lifted on blankets and litters.  The women and children were pushed away.  Those who were badly injured lay scattered on the beach where the villagers tended to them.  
Now, she realized what the pirates were doing and became angry.  The survivors would become pirates, whether they wanted to or not.  That was the price for their rescue.
	Wallace came over and sat down on the rock opposite her.  "All those men are with them Elves.  They're picking up the healthy men to add to their forces and leave the women and children behind.  We try to get to them first, but we can't save everybody.  Better stay away from there."
	A horn blared from the castle.  On the beach, men broke into a run and dropped anyone they were carrying.  
	"What's wrong?"  Alex glanced around.
	"Water Elves!"  Wallace pointed at two large wooden ships, sailing in the area between the barrier rocks and the shore.  The ships had square white sails marked with three wavy lines of blue.  The Water Elves were lowered into small boats and rowed to shore over rough seas.  
"Look at those pirates run!"  Wallace laughed as the Water Elves chased the pirates away.  Then, he stood to applaud. 

Chapter 18

FAIRMOUNT

	Alex was amazed at how fast the Water Elves could run on the soft beach in such beautiful armor.  They quickly overwhelmed the men and continued on towards the castle.  
There, horses had been quickly saddled, and the pirates fled.  Alex spotted the long blond hair of the Elves as they rode east led by Mellen and Thorne.  Farther away, another Water Elf ship anchored, and more soldiers rowed to shore.  She noticed Mellen and Thorne turning north and separating from the rest of the group.  The remaining Elves and pirates stayed behind to engage the Water Elves.  
Alex saw her chance.
	Wallace saw it, too.  When Alex turned for the village, Wallace grabbed her firmly by her cloak as she headed for the stables.  
	"I'm telling you.  Don't be a fool."  Wallace held onto her cloak tightly, choking her.  
	Alex relented, holding up her hands; her face flushed.  "Mellen and Thorne have separated from the group--they'll be easier targets." 
"Don't try it."  Wallace wouldn't let go.  He turned her around to view the battlefield.  It was already over.  The pirates were gone, and the Water Elves took care of the stragglers.
  
On the beach, the villagers met Lord Odin as he climbed out of a small boat.  He wore armor that glittered in spite of the fading light and carried a golden shield with a jeweled sword.  His long blond hair was tucked under a translucent golden helmet.  
Alex thought he was very well-dressed for someone going into battle.  She waved at him.  "Lord Odin, it's me, Alex." 
	"Alex, what are you doing here?"  He trudged over to her through the sand.
"I was searching for Mellen.  You almost had him.  He was at the castle."    
	"I know.  He saw us coming.  Wallace, good to see you again."  Lord Odin shook his hand.
	Wallace stood up.  "Lord Odin, you came in the nick of time.  This girl was about to do something foolish.  She was going after Mellen by herself.  There were a lot of survivors today.  We'll take care of them and send them to Agana." 
	"Thank you.  Now, young lady, I think we should talk." 
	"I told her it was dangerous, but she's like a stubborn old mule," Wallace said. 
	Alex changed the subject.  "That's beautiful armor you're wearing.  I've never seen anything like it before."  Upon closer examination, the translucent armor appeared to be made of small scales, reflecting a rainbow of colors.  
	"It's dragon armor.  Prince Darin insisted that I wear his."  Lord Odin removed the helmet made of the same substance with several rows of translucent spikes from front to back.  
	"Dragon armor?"  Alex admired it.  "How do you make armor out of a dragon?"
	"It's made out of dragon scales.  It's very light, but strong.  We haven't found anything that can penetrate it.  It's a good thing I found you, Alex.  I have someone who wants to meet you in Southport.  You can ride on my ship."
	"But I have a horse."
	"He's more than welcome."  
	"I'll get him."  Wallace turned back to town.  
	"I have some things in the hut.  I'll be right back."  Alex ran to the little cottage and picked up her bag.  
Lord Odin followed her inside.  "How long have you been here?  This was the witches' shanty."  He wiped the dust from the windowsill with his glove.  
	"I just got here today.  Wallace and his two friends met me on the road and brought me to Winden.  This was the only place available for the night."  
Wallace came by leading the chestnut horse.  "Here's your ride.  At least, you won't have to spend the night in here."  He peeked inside the cottage.  "Don't go chasing after that Elf.  He's too damned dangerous."  He pointed his finger at her.  "Keep her in check, Lord Odin.  Thanks for showing up.  Give my best to Prince Darin.  Is he doing all right?"  
	"Yes, he's fine.  Thank you, Wallace.  Come along, Alex."  He took the horse's reins and led him out to the beach.  "What's his name?"
	"This is Fairmount.  I borrowed him from the Nyla Army Garrison.  He's a nice horse."  She patted him on the neck.  "How are you going to get him on the ship?" 
	"Fairmount can swim up to the side, and we'll lower ropes to pick him up.  It won't take long."  He clicked his tongue, and the horse followed.

Several Elves stood by a small boat, waiting for Lord Odin.  He climbed in, followed by Alex.  Fairmount's saddle was removed and tossed into the boat.  The Elves pushed the boat into the water and handed the horse's reins to Lord Odin.  The horse swam behind the boat up to the side of the ship.  
	Alex followed Lord Odin up a rope ladder while the Elf crew lowered ropes over the side; several Elves jumped in to secure them around the horse to lift him onto the ship.  The horse was calmed by the Elves who petted him gently and covered his eyes with a blanket.  
Once onboard, Alex went over to pet him.  She didn't know this horse well, but he seemed all right now.
	Lord Odin took her to a cabin below and offered her a chair across from him.  "Now, what have you found out about Mellen?"
	"Not much, just that he was here and still has a headache.  Did you know the Commandant assigned me the same mission to go after him?" 
	"What did he say to you when he gave you the mission?" 
	"He said the mission was mine because I'm an Elf."  She stared at the floor.
	"An Elf.  Yes, you are.  What's wrong?"  Lord Odin raised her chin.
	"Nothing.  I was just thinking that everyone's out to kill me."  Tears formed in her eyes as she stared at the floor.  
	"Alex, you're a soldier.  This is what soldier's do.  You're doing a fine job."
	"Oh yeah, there's something else.  I tried to tell you by Elfspeak, but you were busy.  Thorne told Tarsin that Prince Darin was still alive, and Tarsin said he would fix it."
	"How?"
	"I don't know.  He didn't say."  
	Lord Odin stood up.  "Well, let's get some fresh air."  
Chapter 19

ROYAL VISIT

	In Agana, Lord Ellsworth, King of Northeast Forest and his younger brothers, Colonel Jeffrey and Captain Lawrence, stood outside the palace throne room, waiting for the official welcome ceremony to begin.  The King wore his finest dark green velvet robe, trimmed with gold threads.  His brothers were dressed in their dark green uniforms, decorated with medals and ribbons with long ceremonial swords. 
The double doors opened, and they stepped in.  Lord Ellsworth stopped before the throne and bowed.  "Lord Sarga, it's an honor to meet you."
"Thank you, Lord Ellsworth, but the honor is all mine."  Sarga stood up and shook his hand. "I cannot thank you enough for all the assistance you've provided.  You have my deepest gratitude."  
	Lord Ellsworth hesitated.  "I'm sorry, but what assistance do you mean?"
	"You sent soldiers to get my people out of prison.  If not for that, Bersamon would still be in charge."  He paused, reading the confusion on Lord Ellsworth's face.  "The women said they were your soldiers.  Didn't you send them?"
	"Oh, yes, of course.  I'm glad we could be of assistance."  Lord Ellsworth chuckled nervously.  
	"The one with black hair was most helpful.  She said her name was Alex, is that correct?  She even closed the cave opening, so the soldiers couldn't follow us.  It was a brilliant idea to send someone who knew the magic of the Dwarves.  Please commend her on my behalf.  I would like to give her a reward of a hundred gold knots."
	"That's most generous, Lord Sarga."  Lord Ellsworth nodded to him.  "I ask that you use it to reduce our debt."
	"What debt, my lord?"  Sarga shrugged.  "Will you join me for supper?"  
	"It would be our honor, Lord Sarga."  Lord Ellsworth bowed again.
	"I must finish some official business, and I will join you in the parlor shortly."  Sarga nodded to his left.  Lord Ellsworth and his brothers were escorted to the parlor down the hall.

	As soon as they were alone, Ellsworth turned to Jeffrey.  "What do you know of this?"	
"Absolutely nothing," Jeffrey said.  "Who gave Alex permission?  You can't just march into a country and do that."
	"Obviously, no one told Alex."  Lawrence grinned.  
	"This isn't funny, Lawrence," Ellsworth said.  "That girl is too wild.  Jeffrey, when was the last time you talked to her?  She needs to be brought under control."
	Jeffrey scowled.  "She won't even talk to me.  I saw her at the Scinthian camp, a few weeks ago and asked for her forgiveness.  She rejected me, and I haven't seen her since."
	"Find out where she is.  Lawrence, I want you to stay here with Ambassador Wendell for a while.  Talk to the people.  See what they know about this escapade."
 	Lord Ellsworth had mixed feelings.  He was embarrassed that he didn't know anything about the rescue, but proud that the Forest Army had taken such a daring step.  He never would have ordered such a thing.  It was outrageous.  He admired Alex's boldness only because it had worked, and Bersamon was gone.  And so was his kingdom's debt to Agana. 
Chapter 20

RED GRANITE

Several days after the large Water Elf ships departed the area and the pirates were gone, the ship Locust sailed up to the red castle on the coast.  
"This is the Castle-by-the-Sea, built by the Wizard Mylar."  Seculus waved his hand at the building.
John, the architect, was intrigued and leaned over the side of the ship, as Seculus tied up to the small dock.  He escorted them to the empty castle.
The first thing John noticed was the type of stone used.  He had not seen nor heard of anyone using red granite on this island.  Yet that was the main stone used for the castle's construction.  In addition, the granite blocks appeared to have been fused together without any mortar.  The entryway was paved with blue slate, also uncommon on the island, and the large wooden gate was made of elm, also not native.  John was confused.  All of the materials for this castle had to be imported, and there was no way that could have happened--not with those storms around the island.
For a while, they wandered through the castle.  There was little else to see except for the structure of the building, which fascinated the architect, but bored Olivia.

As her husband wandered inside, Olivia went outside where she saw three men approaching.  They looked like dirty cowboys from an old western movie.  
"Howdy, ma'am."  Wallace tipped his hat to her.
"Good afternoon.  My name is Olivia Richards.  I'm a journalist from the King's Weekly Journal in Southport."  She extended her hand.
Wallace shook her hand shyly and smiled.  "Nice to meet you.  You're famous.  Why'd you come way out here?"
"I'm investigating the arrival process for new shipwreck survivors.  Do you live here?"
"Sure do."  Wallace pointed over his shoulder.  "Over there in Winden."
"Do you know a woman by the name of Becky?"
"Sure, she's my girl."  He smiled.  "What do you need her for?"
"I understand she keeps some sort of registry of new survivors.  I'd like to see it and talk to her."
"Why are you here at the castle?"
"Just sightseeing.  My husband's an architect.  He's fascinated by the building."
"I met Wizard Mylar, you know."
"Really?"  Olivia sat down on a marble bench and patted the empty seat next to her.  "Why don't you tell me about him?"
"Sure, what do you want to know?"  He took off his hat and sat down next to her.  His two friends stood aside to watch.
"Wait, I need to record this, so I won't forget what you tell me."  She pulled out her tape recorder from her pocket.
"What's that contraption?"  He took it from her hand and sniffed it.  Then, he saw something moving inside and stared at it, eyes wide.
"It's a tape recorder.  It records your voice.  I don't want to forget anything you say.  I might publish it in the King's Weekly Journal." 
"No kidding."  Wallace smiled.  "I'll be famous."  He looked at his friends, grinning.
"All right.  Let's begin.  Please state your full name."  She held the tape recorder closer to his face.  
He chuckled and leaned closer to it.  "Wallace."
"What do you do for a living, Wallace?"
"Everything." 
"What can you tell me about this castle?"
"It's here, ain't it?"  He smiled.
"Who built it?"
"The Wizard Mylar.  I watched him do it from the hill over yonder.  He waved his arms in the air and then, bam!  There was this castle.  Queen Diamona moved right in." 
"Who's Queen Diamona?"
"Now, there was a real bitch."  He slapped his hat against his leg.  "Pardon my French.  Thank God, she's dead."
	"Why do you say that?"
	He put his hat on.  "Well, I heard she seduced old King Bertie into a promise to give her half his Kingdom, so he could use the Wizard to attack that Count.  After the King died, she tried to take over."
	"King Bertie?"
	"Bertigam was his full name, I think."  He took his hat off again and scratched his head.  "He was a good man 'til she came along."
	"What was the Wizard like?"
	"Sort of a quiet fellow.  Kind of short, lot shorter than me and sort of skinny.  He had black hair and the blackest eyes I ever seen."  He used his fingers to encircle his eyes.
	"Did you ever see him perform magic?"
	"Just to build this place, but I heard more about it from Tyrone."  
	"Tyrone?"
	"The Queen's squire, my pal."  He stuck his chest out proudly.  "We helped him salvage the ships."  He pointed to the barrier rocks.  "There was two ships that crashed that day.  Now, I hear he's the Lord Governor of Eastern Borders."
	"I've heard of him.  Does he live in Nyla?"
	"I heard that, too."
	"When was the last time you saw him?"
	"Don't remember."  Wallace scratched his head.  "Been a long time.  He was here with the Queen and had to take her to Agana for a meeting.  He never came back.  I heard that he ran away to tell the Count about the attack.  That Wizard must have been pissed off."
	"What makes you say that?"
	"I would be."  He laughed and slapped his knee.  "Tyrone told that Count Dumwalt that the King was coming with the Wizard.  Then, the King gets himself killed, and the Queen gets her head cut off when she tries to take over.  The Wizard had no one left 'til that Elf came by."
	"What Elf?"
	"His name was Mellen, a real bad fellow.  He took Mylar away."
	"Why?"
	"The King's soldiers came looking for him.  They was going to execute him like the Queen, so the bastard ran for his life like a yellow-bellied coward.  We watched Mellen put him on his horse and ride away."  He looked off to the hills.
	"Where did they go?"
	"We followed him to the mountains near the volcano."  He nodded.  "Then, they disappeared.  We didn't hear nothing more 'til I heard Tyrone was attacked."
	"What happened to Tyrone?"
	"Don't rightly know, but I know he's alive.  I ain't heard nothing about the Wizard since then.  Maybe Tyrone killed him."  Wallace paused.  "Whoa, hold on."  He held up his hand.  "I just heard Mellen did it."
	"The Elf who rescued him?  Why would he do that?"
	"Don't know.  It don't make no sense to me."  He rubbed his chin. 
	"Who told you that?"
	"This young girl--her name was Alex." 
	"Really?  This Alex, is she tall with black hair?"
	Wallace nodded.  "Yep."
	Olivia tapped her fingers on the bench.  "Well, tell me where you come from."
	"Me and my pals were on our way to Alaska.  Heard they found gold up there, so we took the ferry from San Fran."
	"The Klondike Gold Rush of 1898?"
	"Yes, ma'am.  Next thing we knew, we was in a storm and crashed right out there."  He pointed to the rocks offshore.  "We swam to shore and got put to work building these shanties."
	"How long ago was it?"
	"Maybe fifteen years ago."  
"Did anyone register you?"
	"Nope."  He shook his head.
	"Is there anything else you'd like to add?"
	"You're a damn fine-looking woman."  He gave her a toothy grin.
	"Thank you."  Olivia turned off the tape recorder and blushed.  She rewound the tape for a short period and played it.  Wallace's eyes lit up when he heard his voice, and he burst out laughing.  
"Wallace, would you mind showing us around Winden?"  Olivia asked.
	"Sure, come on."  He stood up and put on his hat.

*	*	*

	After prying John away from the castle, they followed Wallace to Winden.  The little village seemed vaguely familiar to Olivia, and John agreed--it was to him as well.  Wallace and his two companions led them to Becky's house and introduced her to Olivia.
	Olivia was shocked.  "I remember you now.  You helped us when we got here.  Thank you so much," she said and extended her hand. 
	"You're welcome.  I take it you're getting along okay."  Becky shook her hand.  "Sit down and have some tea."  She poured some tea for them and put some biscuits on a plate.  "Help yourself.  Now, what brings you back here?"
	"I've heard that a lot of new survivors are being forced into slavery and prostitution."
	"They've been forced to become pirates, too, Miss."  Becky nodded.  
	"Call me Olivia.  How?"  She leaned forward.
	"When the survivors come ashore, the pirates come out and grab them, especially the healthy men, but sometimes if they have enough ships, they take the women and children to sell them as slaves."  Becky pressed her lips together to keep from crying.
	"That's awful.  Have you notified the government?"
	"Sure, but no one does anything.  They claim they don't have enough soldiers to monitor the beach all the time.  So, we do the best we can.  We try to get there first.  You were lucky when you got here.  No pirates were around."
	"Aren't there any programs in place to protect them?"
	"No."  Becky shook her head sadly.  "Listen, I ain't nobody.  I just want to help people."
	Olivia paused.  "Can I see your registry?"
	"Sure thing."  Becky went to another room and brought out an old ledger.  "What was your name again?"
	"Olivia and John Richards.  It was about a year ago."
	Becky opened the ledger and ran her finger down a page.  "Here.  This is where you registered."
	Olivia stared at the page and saw their names, date of arrival, date and place of departure, and occupations, all in John's handwriting.  She turned the book over to John.  "Remember writing this?"
	"No," he said.  "It's in my handwriting though.  I don't remember writing anything."  He rubbed his forehead.  "It seems like ages ago."
	"This is exactly what everyone else should be doing, Becky.  I saw the registry in Agana, and all it had were names and the current date.  All of this information could help scientists figure out where we are.  Do you mind if I take some notes?"
	"What scientists?"   
	"There's got to be some, somewhere on this island.  They can use this information to figure out how to get us out of here."
	"I'm all for that.  Take this one with you.  I need to start a new book anyway."
	"You sure?  Say you don't have Aqua's name in here, do you?"
	"That witch?  No, she was here first and didn't help a soul.  Her friend was no better.  I'm glad they're gone."
	"Thanks again, Becky."  Olivia hugged her and left with John.  
Chapter 21

FAMILY TIES

	The next morning, the Water Elf ship with Lord Odin and Alex pulled into the harbor at Southport.  From her cabin below, Alex heard the crew shouting out preparations for docking.  She rolled over in bed and lay on her back with her hands behind her head.  
Her thoughts drifted over the events of the past few weeks.  It seemed like everyone wanted her dead.  Maybe it would be better that way.  After all, she was a tracker, and this was what she's supposed to do even if it meant her life.  She had to admit she'd led quite an exciting life up to this point, so if it ended early, she'd made the best of it.
She was shaken out of her depression when Lord Odin shouted at her in Elfspeak to get up.  She jumped out of bed, straightened her clothes, and noticed a strange odor.  She smelled her blouse and wrinkled her nose.  She smelled like an old sailor or at least, like a Scout.  She needed a bath and some clean clothes, which she could buy at the rag merchant in the market.  
She pulled out her braid and combed out her hair with her fingers.  Then with a small mirror, she pulled her hair back and examined the small tufts of blue hair in her ears that seemed to stand out like beacons.  It was only the marking for a young Water Elf, but it made her feel self-conscious.  She made sure to cover them when she pulled her hair back and packed up the rest of her belongings.  

	On deck, the Elves had lowered the sails and tied them up neatly.  Lines were thrown over the side to some men who tied them to posts on the dock.  
Alex smiled at their efficiency as she strapped her Elfin Blade on her right thigh and put on her sword.  Her rucksack was on deck between her feet as she waited.  
	"Are you ready to leave?"  Lord Odin came up beside her.
	"I guess so."
	"Your horse will be taken to Prince Darin's stables.  Where did you get him?  He doesn't have any markings."
	"I know.  I'm supposed to be a Scinthian Scout, so I couldn't ride a horse with the Forest Army's brand on it."  
	"Let's go."  Lord Odin led her off the ship.
	"Can we stop at the rag merchant in the market?"
	"What for?"     
	"I need some clean clothes.  These are smelling pretty bad."  Alex tugged at her shirt.
	He took her to the market where she found the rag merchant who had some clean clothes that fit her.  She paid him a penny.  The merchant nodded and waved.
	Lord Odin looked on.  "Very interesting.  I've never purchased clothes in the market before."  
Alex stuffed them in her bag.  "Thanks.  Now, all I need is a bath."  
	Lord Odin laughed and took to a shortcut to the front gate of Prince Darin's fortress. 
	The guards snapped to attention and saluted as Lord Odin approached.  
	 
Even though Alex had been here before, she stood in awe inside the parlor.  The ceiling was fifteen feet high with solid wood beams.  A large candle chandelier floated from the ceiling in the middle of the room.  There were two blue velvet sofas arranged before a large fireplace with a colorful carpet of silken ocean waves. 
"I love this room," Alex said.
Several servants appeared and stood in front of them.  
"Alex, remove your weapons."  Lord Odin took off his sword belt and handed it to one of the servants.    
Alex took off her sword and Elfin Blade and reluctantly, handed them over.
"Prince Darin wants to see you."  Lord Odin took her upstairs to the Prince's chamber.  
The Prince smiled weakly from his bed.  "Good to see you, Alex.  What were you up to?"
Alex saluted and curtsied to him.  "I was hunting for Mellen near Winden, but Lord Odin showed up and almost caught him."
At that moment, Lord Odin's daughter, Lady Celene, entered with another Elf woman.  They curtsied so deeply to Lord Odin that their knees touched the floor.  
Alex smiled and recognized Lady Celene.  She'd met her before, but didn't recognize the other woman. 
"Alex, do you remember my daughter Celene?"  Lord Odin waved towards her.  Then, he waved at the woman next to her.  "And this is your grandmother, Lady Lestin.  It's been a long time since you two have been together."  He pushed her gently in her grandmother's direction.  
"My grandmother?  Seriously?"  Alex covered her mouth with her hand. 
"Alex, look at you.  You're all grown up."  Grandmother Lestin embraced her, and tears filled her eyes.  "You were just a baby the last time I saw you."
"Grandmother, it's so good to see you."  Alex wiped tears from her face with her sleeve and pushed her away gently.  "Sorry, I need a bath."
"I'll show you the way."  She wrinkled her nose. 
"Lady Celene, it's good to see you again."  Alex saluted and curtsied to her.  
Grandmother Lestin took Alex by the arm.  "The bath is near the kitchen.  Come along."  She led her inside the bathing area.  "Do you have any clean clothes?"  
Alex opened her bag and pulled out the clothes she'd bought from the rag merchant.  
Her grandmother held them up and frowned at the worn clothes.  She shook them and spread them out on the bench.  
Alex took off her clothes.  As she disrobed, she pulled out her small assassin's blade from her wristband and another from her belt--two more blades came out of her boots, along with her small eating knife.
"I guess I should have given these to the servants to put in the armory."  Alex put them in her bag and finished undressing.  
On the way to the tub, Alex asked, "Grandmother, I hope you don't mind me asking, but why didn't you ever come for me?"
"I should have.  Lord Odin said that no one knew where you were, but he assured me that you would be safely hidden with the mortals."
"Speaking of Lord Odin, is he a king?"
	"No, he's a distinguished member of the Council of Elders and represents the Tree Elves.  His position commands the highest respect.  The Council receives guidance from the Mentors to govern all Elves in Eledon."
	"He doesn't look old enough to be an Elder."  
	"He's older than I am.  He's almost three thousand five hundred years old."
	Alex raised her eyebrows.  "No one could be that old.  How old are you?"
	"I'm over twenty-five hundred years old.  If my calculations are correct, you're already fifteen.  True?"
	"Correct."  Alex nodded.  "You don't look that old."  
"Now, wash off over there under the waterfall and soak in the tub for a while.  Here's some soap and use this comb on your hair.  I'll take your weapons to the armory for you, and have your clothes washed."  Her grandmother left. 

Alex stood under the waterfall and felt rejuvenated.  Then she sat down in the tub and wondered about the Elves.  She could hardly believe how old Lord Odin and her grandmother were.  She didn't know anyone could live that long.  How old do Elves get?  What's the Council of Elders, and who are the Mentors?  Where's Eledon?  This was all news to her.  
She leaned back and relaxed in the water.  Alex calculated that her grandfather must have been over thousand years old when he died.  How old would she get?
When she finally got out of the tub, she used the comb on her hair and found it eliminated all the tangles and dried her hair at the same time, leaving behind soft curls.  Alex put it in her bag for safekeeping.

Meanwhile, Lady Lestin took Alex's dirty clothes and weapons to the parlor where Lord Odin and his daughter Celene were drinking tea.  
"Odin, what was my granddaughter doing when you found her?"  Lady Lestin held out the blades.  "She carries these weapons like a soldier."
"She is, Lestin.  The mortals call her a tracker.  She's a trained assassin and soldier.  She also carries a special Elfin blade, given only to mortal soldiers of the highest caliber."  Lord Odin waved at a servant to take the blades from her.
"A soldier and an assassin?  Not my granddaughter.  I knew I should have gone for her after Cadwin died.  I thought you said she would be properly raised by these mortals, but they've made her into a soldier."  She smelled Alex's clothes.  "We need to burn these."  She sniffed them again.  "You know, she reminds me of her grandfather."  She sighed.  
"I'm sorry, Lestin."  Lord Odin nodded.
Tears welled in her eyes as she thought about him.  "Odin, Alex's cousins are Elves, but I can already tell that Alex is more like her grandfather, a Titan.  But the only training she's had has been as a soldier.  I can train Alex to be an Elf lady, but I haven't any idea what a Titan might need to know."
"I know, and she's on a dangerous mission to kill Mellen," Lord Odin said.
"What?  Why?  Prince Darin's been after him for years.  They can't possibly expect her to do it." 
"Truth is, Prince Darin assigned her the mission, Lestin.  I told you about Tarsin.  Prince Darin didn't know anyone else he could trust.  I tried to catch Mellen and his group at the Castle-by-the-Sea, but I missed."
"I don't believe this, Odin."  
"Alex can do it, Lestin.  She must do it.  For all our sakes."  
"No, Alex must have a new start.  She's a young woman.  To begin with, she needs some new clothes.  I can't believe she's wearing these rags."  She held up the clothes.  
"She didn't have any extra clothes with her, Lestin.  We stopped at the rag merchant, and she bought some.  She was traveling light and fast.  Alex knows what she's doing."  Lord Odin waved to a servant to take the clothes.  "Wash them.  She'll want them back."
"I must protest to Lord Ellsworth about her treatment and upbringing.  This is unacceptable."  Lady Lestin narrowed her eyes.  "I should have searched for her.  These mortals won't destroy my granddaughter.  And neither will you, Odin."  She glared at him. 
"Lord Ellsworth will be at the sword tournament tomorrow.  It's the final match.  I'll invite him over for a chat."  Lord Odin glanced away, feeling the sting of her words.
Lady Celene changed the subject.  "Why can't Elves participate in that tournament?"  She pouted.  "Prince Darin could beat them all if he was healthy."
"That's exactly why, Celene.  In the past, the Elves always won, so the mortals wanted a competition for themselves."  Lord Odin patted his daughter's hand.  "I understand that the champion from Southport, Talbot MacLeish, will be facing the champion from Northeast Forest, Beren, son of Dumwalt."
"Beren?  Alex's brother?"  Lady Lestin asked.  "That's right.  His mother was a mortal, so he can compete.  Does Alex know he's in the finals?"
"I don't know.  I didn't ask her."  Lord Odin nodded and sat down.   
Chapter 22

 THE SWORD TOURNAMENT

	The next morning, Alex woke early, feeling refreshed.  She went down to breakfast in the dining room and found her grandmother already there.
	"Good morning, Grandmother."  Alex kissed her lightly on the cheek.  "You're up early."
	"So are you and good morning.  Did you sleep well?"  
	"I did."  Alex sat down next to her and noticed that she only had a piece of toast.  "Is that all you're eating?"
	"Yes, isn't that the blouse you wore yesterday?"
	Eskin, the female servant, came in.  "Lady Alexin, what would you like for breakfast?"  She poured her a cup of tea.
	"Can I get an omelet with ham and cheese?"
	"With toast?"
	"Lovely."  Alex nodded.
	After she left, Grandmother Lestin asked, "Well, is it?"
	"The same blouse?  Yes."
	"It looks like you slept in it."
	"I did.  I don't have any nightclothes with me."
	"We'll have to go to the market, but you can't parade around in those clothes.  I have a blouse you can wear, and I'll borrow something from Prince Darin."
	"What for?"
	"You look like a peasant."
	"It's all right.  I'm not going to be here for that long."
	"No, it's not.  You're my granddaughter and a member of the noble House of Oceanus.  You must look the part."
	"I'm not a lady, Grandmother.  I'm a soldier.  I like being a soldier."
	Eskin returned with Alex's breakfast.  "Here you are, Lady Alexin."  She set the plate in front of her along with a glass of apple juice.  "Anything else?"
	"Thanks, Eskin.  This looks delicious."  Alex cut into the omelet with her fork and ate, savoring each bite.
	"I'll be right back, Alex."  Grandmother Lestin got up and left the room.  
	By the time her grandmother returned, Alex had finished her breakfast and was drinking her juice.  
	"Put this blouse on, Alex."  She handed her a white blouse with lace on the collar and sleeves.
	Alex frowned and raised her hand.  "It's all right, Grandmother, really."
	"I said to put it on."  
	Not wanting to piss off her grandmother, Alex nodded.  "All right."  She took off her white shirt and put on the blouse.  
	"That's already an improvement.  Now put on these pants and wear this tunic over top."
	Alex followed her grandmother's instructions.  "Are these Prince Darin's clothes?"
	"Yes, they actually look quite good on you, Alex," her grandmother said.  
	"These pants are a little big around the waist.  Say, this tunic looks like a dress.  Where did he get it?"
	"Lord Odin had it made for him.  His Elves make the finest velvet."
	"I had a dress made of velvet like this, but it was green, not blue." 
	"Blue is the color of Water Elves.  Where is this dress?  I want to see you in it."
"It's in Nyla.  It's really beautiful, but I got it stained.  Mistress Penser is fixing it for me."  Without thinking, Alex touched her left shoulder where she had been injured, staining the dress. 
	Grandmother Lestin went to the door.  "Let's go to the market.  We don't have one like this in Leesdale.  I enjoy seeing all the things they have for sale.  Mortals can be very creative."  She got a light blue shawl from a servant and handed Alex a gray one.  "Wrap it around your shoulders like this."
	Alex put on the shawl.  "I need my weapons from the armory."
	"You won't need them."  Grandmother Lestin led her away by the hand. 

	The market was crowded with stalls full of merchandise.  Grandmother Lestin bought Alex a new nightgown and a robe, underclothes, stockings, and a valise to carry it all in. 
	At noon, they stopped for lunch at a small inn and ate outside.  Alex had eaten here once before when she first came to Southport.  It seemed like a lifetime ago, but in fact, it had only been a few months.  As they dined on some roasted duck and vegetables, they chatted about her cousins who lived in Leesdale.
	"I had five sons and a daughter before they were all killed by that horrible Wizard Mylar," her grandmother said.  "My oldest sons were married and had children before they died.  You have twelve first cousins, six boys and six girls.  Now, they're married too, with families of their own.  You must come to meet them."
	"Twelve?  No wonder you didn't come for me.  How is Prince Darin related to us?"
	"His father is my mother's brother, so his Highness, the Prince is my cousin."
	"So the King is your uncle?  Are you a Princess?"
	"No, I'm not in line for the throne.  You do know that your grandfather was a Titan, don't you?  They were a race of mortals who lived long ago.  Lord Odin advised me against the marriage.  He thought our children would be deformed.  I told him that even if they were, I would still love them.  My children were perfect, by the way.  Oh, I loved your grandfather so much.  He was so kind." 
"What did he look like?"  
"Like you.  He had black hair, too.  You remind me a lot of him."
"How old was he when he died?"
"Over a thousand years old."  She sighed.  
	Alex raised her eyebrows.  "How long will I live?"
	Grandmother Lestin smiled.  "I wouldn't worry about it at your age, Alex, but your oldest cousin, Jak, recently celebrated his five-hundredth birthday."
	Alex was stunned.  "Seriously?  That makes me even more curious."
	"Don't worry about it.  What will happen, will happen."
	"Are you going to eat that?"  Alex eyed the piece of duck that her grandmother had left untouched.  She reached across the table and picked it up with her fingers.  "Have you ever heard of the War of the Titans?  I heard a man from the library talk about it once."  She savored a bite of the meat.  
	"No, I never heard of it."
	"Well, there was a man by the name of Zeus who killed his father, who was a Titan and took over the kingdom.  He had his brothers and sisters help him hunt down all the Titans they could find.  That's why grandfather came here.  He was trying to escape.  Did he ever tell you about his parents?"
	"No, he never talked about it.  He did say his mother and sisters were on another ship, and his father disappeared in the storm when he was shipwrecked on the island."
	"What were their names?"
	"He wouldn't tell me in case someone came looking for them.  I don't think he knew anything about the war--he was only seven when he got here." 
	"The man at the library said it was all a myth, and that Titans were a myth, too.  I tried to tell him he was wrong, but he didn't believe me."  She finished eating.  "That was really good."
	"We should get back to the house.  It's nearly time for the sword tournament."  Grandmother Lestin stood up, and they returned to the fortress.
	As they strolled along, Alex took her grandmother's hand.  "Do you mind if I ask you another question?" 
	"Anything." 
	"How do Elves do magic?"
	"We don't do magic."  Her grandmother shook her head.  
	"I saw Lord Odin levitate the poisoned guards with a wave of his hand.  Then he locked the gate without touching it."  Alex mimicked his hand movement.  "He could probably even levitate this valise."
	"That's not magic.  That's just the way we do things."  
	"It's magic.  How do you do it?"
	Grandmother Lestin waved her hand at the valise, and it floated away from Alex.  "I have no idea how this happens, but it does.  Ask Lord Odin.  He's probably studied it."
	"Will he teach me how to do it?"
	"I'm sure he will if you ask him."
	"Can you Elfspeak without closing your eyes?"  
	"How else do you do it?"
	"I was told to close my eyes and picture the other person's face.  Then, I had to ask for permission to speak."
	"It is proper to ask for permission.  Once you practice it enough, you don't need to close your eyes.  It just helps you focus on the person you're talking to.  I guess we have a lot to teach you."
	Alex enjoyed spending this time with her grandmother, even though she wasn't quite comfortable in the clothes.  The lace made her skin itchy.  When they got back to the fortress, Grandmother Lestin had Alex's hair fixed and applied make-up to her face.
Alex gazed in the mirror.  She was shocked.
	"What do you think, Alex?"  
	"Someone else is in that mirror, not me."  
	"Let's go downstairs.  We should be leaving for the tournament soon."  They joined Lady Celene in the parlor who applauded her transformation.
	"You look wonderful, Alex."    
	Soon, Lord Odin and Prince Darin came in, and the greeting ritual began.  Alex saluted and curtsied to each of them, but was anxious to get to the tournament.  
	"I'll get my sword," Alex said.
	"You won't need it, Alex."  Grandmother Lestin shook her head.
	"Nothing will happen," Lord Odin added.  "But I do have this sword for the champion as a gift."  He held a new blade in his hand.  It was in a scabbard of tooled leather; its hilt was wrapped with leather bindings.  Alex nearly drooled over it--it was a beauty.
	The three ladies climbed into the carriage with Lord Odin, but Prince Darin stayed behind to continue his recuperation and went to bed.  

*	*	*

	The tournament was held in a large white tent, just north of the city.  As the Elves approached, people applauded and waved at them.  When the carriage rolled to a stop, Lord Odin climbed out and helped Lady Lestin and Lady Celene, while Alex came around from the other side on her own.
	They were ushered to a special seating area with perfect view of the arena.  Both competitors were standing inside--Beren on the left and on the right stood the champion from Southport, Major Talbot MacLeish.  
	Alex went cold when she saw the Major.  He was the man who had tried to rape her, several weeks before.  Beren had rescued her from that awful man.  She couldn't report him without breaking her cover, so she had to keep it quiet.  Besides, she'd beaten him in a sword match, something a man like him had a hard time accepting.  She gritted her teeth and sat back.
Meanwhile, other dignitaries arrived and greeted Lord Odin.  Lord Pallis, the King of Southport, who was known for his collection of hats, wore a large white one with long white feathers and offered an overly gracious bow.  Lord Ellsworth, the King of Northeast Forest, entered the seating area, in a dark brown cloak over his green suit, greeting them politely.  The two men sat together in the front row.  

	In the center of the arena, a man stood in front of the crowd.  "Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the final match of the Southport Sword Tournament.  This has been an historic event.  We've had the most competitors in the history of the tournament and the largest crowds for their matches.  Our thanks to everyone."  The crowd applauded.
	"Allow me to introduce our last champion, Colonel Jeffrey from the Kingdom of Northeast Forest."  
Colonel Jeffrey strolled to the middle of the arena and saluted the dignitaries.  
	"Our first finalist is from the Kingdom of Northeast Forest, Captain Beren, son of Dumwalt."  Beren marched to the middle of the arena to polite applause.  
	"Next is our very own Major Talbot MacLeish of the Tartan Watch."  
He marched to the center of the arena and raised his arm in the air to thunderous applause.  Lord Pallis stood up and waved his arms, encouraging the crowd.
	"Gentlemen, return to your seconds, and let the match begin."  
The tent erupted again with applause.  Then, it quieted to a nervous buzz.

The two men stood calmly in the center of the arena. They raised their swords high and lowered them, holding them in front of their faces.
"Salute," they said in unison.  
The judge signaled for them to begin and backed away.
Alex held her breath and covered her face with her hands.  She peeked through her fingers--she could barely stand to watch.  As their swords clashed, people gasped and applauded.  The judge awarded Beren a point.  Alex's heart pounded in her ears when she heard the clash of swords again, and this time, the point went to the Major.  There was another clash, and another point went to Beren.  The points went back and forth until they took a break.  Both contestants drank water and wiped away the sweat.  The match resumed.
In order to win, Beren had to beat his opponent by two points.  In his next move, his opponent attacked furiously, but Beren counterattacked and won the point--the match was even.  Then, he won another point with a quick deceptive move to his left.  The Major switched his sword from his right hand to his left, but Beren attacked anyway and won the point. 
Alex was thrilled--her brother had won.  He was the champion.  A loud cheer went up from the crowd, and they rose in unison--a standing ovation.  Alex jumped up and down with excitement. 
Colonel Jeffrey came out to congratulate Beren and gave him a hearty slap on the shoulder.  Then, he raised his arm and turned to the crowd, who roared its approval. 

Beren stood outside, accepting praise as people filed by. 
"Beren!"  Alex threw her arms around his neck and hugged him.  "I'm so proud of you."  Tears flowed freely down her face.
"Alex, is that you?"  Beren asked.  "You look beautiful." 
"This is my Elf grandmother, Beren."  Alex waved at her grandmother who came over to congratulate him.  He greeted her politely. 
The judge approached Beren and led him to the King of Southport.  
Beren bowed.  Then, he turned and motioned Alex forward.  She ran up beside him.  "Lord Pallis, may I present my half-sister, Lady Alexin?"   
Alex curtsied.
"Ah, a pleasure.  I knew both of your mothers.  Well, young lady, we didn't know what happened to you after the attack.  So sorry about your parents."  Lord Pallis kissed her on her cheek.  "Come, let's celebrate."  He led them to another large tent, set up south of the arena.  
The people in the tent rose when he entered.  
Waving his large hat, the King bowed graciously.  "Ladies and gentlemen of Southport, I present the Champion of this year's Sword Tournament, Beren, son of Dumwalt and Isabella and our brother from Northeast Forest." 
His court burst into applause--Beren stood beside him and bowed.  
Lord Ellsworth came up to shake Beren's hand and raised his arm in victory.
Lord Odin joined the ceremony and presented him with the new sword.  Shortly thereafter, he led the Elves out of the tent.  "It's time for us to leave.  Lord Ellsworth will be coming by to speak to us."  He winked at Alex.
	"About me?"  
"Yes, he wanted to know why you were with us."  Lord Odin helped the ladies into the carriage as Alex hopped in the other side, and they returned to the fortress. 

As they approached, Alex tapped Lord Odin on the arm.  "Did you tell Prince Darin yet?"
"No, I was letting him rest."
"Good, I'm going to tell him."  As soon as the carriage stopped, Alex jumped out and ran into the house, climbing the stairs to his bedroom.  She hesitated when she found the door ajar and saw a beautiful, but unknown Elf woman standing next to his bed.  
Alex stepped inside.  "Who are you?  What are you doing here?"  She glanced quickly at the Prince and saw his eyes closed, and his face was as white as the sheet.
The young woman looked startled and forced a smile.  "Is the tournament over already?  I should let Eskin know.  She wasn't expecting you back for hours."  She put a glass on a tray, but Alex reached over and grabbed it, throwing the remaining drops of the glass on a flower arrangement, which immediately turned white.
"Snowflake!"  Alex pushed the woman away and ran over to Prince Darin.  
The woman grabbed her arm.  "No, leave him alone!  He left me for a Tree Elf.  He deserves to die."
Alex punched the woman in the face, sending her into the wall, where she fell in a crumpled heap.  Then Alex shook Prince Darin, but he didn't respond.  
"Lord Odin, come quick!"  Alex shouted as he came in the door.  The young woman struggled to her feet and staggered by him.  "Stop her!"  Alex shouted, but the woman was already running down the stairs.
"What happened?"  Lord Odin held her arm.  
"She poisoned him!  I'm going after her."  Alex ran, but by the time, she caught up, the guard at the front gate held her in his arms.  The woman struggled with him and broke away.  Alex grabbed her from behind and wrestled with her, but the guard stabbed her with his spear, missing Alex by a mere inch.  She lowered the woman's body to the ground as she died.  Standing over her, Alex rested her hands on her knees, breathing heavily.  
"Who was she?"  She looked up at the guard.
"Her name is Tarsill, General Tarsin's sister.  Lord Odin said to kill her…in Elfspeak."  
"Yes, good job."  Alex nodded and caught her breath.  She returned inside where she found Lord Odin, sitting on the side of the bed, administering some of the potion to her cousin.
"Will he be all right?"  Alex asked.
"Yes, I think so.  I forced him to vomit, but he still got some of it.  I gave him some potion, but don't touch anything in this room."  He looked at her.  "The guard said the woman was Tarsin's sister.  Did she say anything to you?"
"She told me that he deserved to die because Prince Darin left her for a Tree Elf.  Sorry, but that's what she said."
Lord Odin pursed his lips.  "A woman scorned."  
Grandmother Lestin embraced Alex.  "How did you know it was poison?"
"I threw what was left in the glass on the flowers, and the leaves turned white."
Lady Celene looked pale and covered her mouth.  She knelt beside the bed and touched Prince Darin's hand.
The Prince opened his eyes and looked at her.  "Where's Tarsill?"
	"She's dead.  The guard killed her when she tried to escape," Lord Odin said.
	He swallowed hard.  "She told me she brought me the antidote and helped me drink it, but as soon as I tasted it, I knew it was snowflake.  I wasn't strong enough to stop her."  He stared at the ceiling as tears ran down his face.  "Even his sister betrays me."
	Grandmother Lestin pulled Alex out of the room.  "He needs some time.  This must be devastating for him.  Tarsin was his best friend, and he'd once considered marrying Tarsill."
	Alex bit her lip.  "I'll bet Tarsin sent her.  He said he would do something."  Then she felt the torn sleeve of the tunic, flapping against her arm and looked at her clothes now covered in blood.  "Grandmother, this is why I don't wear fancy clothes."  Alex left to change clothes.  	   
Chapter 23

MEETING WITH THE KING

	A short while later, Lord Ellsworth and Colonel Jeffrey arrived at the fortress.  The women excused themselves.  Grandmother Lestin took Alex to her bedroom, while Lady Celene went to check on supper.
	"Alex, you must tell me everything that happened to you from the time you left your father's house.  I want to know it all."  Grandmother Lestin sat in a blue velvet chair opposite her.
	Alex sighed.  "Seriously, Grandmother?"  
	"All of it.  Don't leave anything out."
Alex rolled her eyes.  "All right, but this might take a while."  She began when she escaped from her father's house at age four.   She continued on until her grandmother stopped her about an hour later.  
"Lord Odin wants to speak to you."  Her grandmother went out the door and Alex followed, slightly mystified, but grateful for the interruption.

	In the parlor, the men rose when they came in the room.
	"There you are, Alex."  Lord Odin beckoned her closer.  "Apparently, you haven't told anyone what you were doing.  Lord Ellsworth wasn't aware of your recent adventures in Agana.  There's no need for you to stay for this, Lady Lestin."  
	"On the contrary, Lord Odin.  If this involves my granddaughter, I need to know.  Besides, I need to speak to Lord Ellsworth."  Lady Lestin marched by.  
"Good day, my lord, my name is Lestin."  She saluted and curtsied to him.  "I am a Water Elf from the noble House of Oceanus and cousin to Prince Darin.  Alex is my granddaughter.  I must protest the way she has been raised.  I trusted that the mortals would raise her properly, but I find that she has been turned into a soldier.  How dare you!"
	"It's an honor to meet you, my lady."  Lord Ellsworth blushed.  "I understand your concerns, and I share them, but her upbringing was beyond my control.  I only met your granddaughter a few months ago, and she was already a trained soldier.  It wouldn't have been that way had she been in my care, I assure you."  Beads of sweat formed on his upper lip, and he nodded to her.  "I need to speak to her about an important matter, if you don't mind."
	"Yes, of course."  Lady Lestin stepped aside and folded her arms across her chest.
	Lord Ellsworth cleared his throat.  "Alex, I recently visited Agana, and Lord Sarga thanked me for the assistance of Forest soldiers in releasing him from prison.  I had no idea what he was talking about, but he specifically mentioned you.  What did you do?" 
	Alex's eyes widened, and she wet her lips with her tongue.  "Well…one of the Scinthian girls worked in Agana to gather intelligence for Colonel Jeffrey.  Bersamon arrested her sister's family and put them in prison at the Green Stone Mine, so she asked me to help them.  The only way I could was to get everyone out of prison.  They wanted to go to the palace and get rid of Bersamon.  They killed him and voted for a new leader, and then I left."
	Grandmother Lestin put her hand on her cheek and glanced at Lord Odin who grinned.
	"Where did you go after that?"  Lord Ellsworth asked.
	"I rode south to Winden to find the Elf Mellen.  That's when Lord Odin showed up."  Alex nodded to him. 
	"Did anything else happen?"  Colonel Jeffrey asked.
	"As a matter of fact, something did.  I saw these ships crash into the barrier rocks.  They just fell out of the sky like magic.  When the survivors waded ashore, the pirates from the Castle-by-the-Sea picked them up.  They were being taken to the castle when Lord Odin showed up with the Water Elves, so they ran off."
	"So that's how they're getting new recruits," Colonel Jeffrey said.  "How did you get into the prison?  Bersamon's soldiers would have seen you."
	"It was a Dwarf mine." 
	"Not again."  The Colonel shook his head.
	"I don't understand, Alex," Grandmother Lestin said.  "How could you use a Dwarf mine?  Elves don't go into their mines."
	"I told you, Grandmother.  Remember Scout Nora and her companion Sarina who was a Dwarf?  She taught me how to open and close the mines and tunnels.  The prison was actually a Dwarf mine called the Green Stone Mine.  I sneaked inside and closed the doors, so the guards were locked out.  Then I led the people through the tunnels to the palace.  I used this Dwarf key to open the door."  Alex showed her the key around her neck.
	Stunned, Grandmother Lestin stared at her.
	"Most ingenious," Lord Odin said.  "Alex, may I see that key?  It looks vaguely familiar.  Where did you get it?"
	"Major Dano gave it to me.  He said it was a joke.  He appointed me the Keeper of the Keys and gave me a ring of keys to hold onto.  He said this one would open any lock on Seaward Isle.  It works, too."
	"Where are the rest?"  
	"At Colonel Penser's house under my bed…I think."
	"Bring me these keys.  I want to examine them more closely."
	"No problem, Lord Odin."  Alex nodded.
	Lord Ellsworth added, "We're attending the celebration at the palace for the sword champion.  Are you coming, my lord?"  
	"No, we have other business to attend to this evening.  Thank you for coming, Lord Ellsworth, Colonel Jeffrey.  I'll escort you to the door."
	"May I speak to Lady Lestin for a moment?"  Colonel Jeffrey asked.
	"Of course, Colonel.  What can I do for you?"  
	He bowed to her.  "I would like your permission to court your granddaughter."
	"No," Alex said in Elfspeak.    
	Grandmother Lestin glanced at Alex.  "Although I'm acquainted with your family, Colonel, I don't know you very well.  I can't give you my permission at this time.  Have you spoken to her brother?"
	"Not yet, but I will.  May I have a moment with you, Alex?"  He took her by the arm and led her to the porch.  "Have you thought about what I said earlier?"
	"I have, but the answer is no, Colonel."  Alex frowned.
	"You don't have to call me, Colonel."  
	"Oh yes, I do.  You're a senior officer." 
"I love you, Alex.  And I know you feel strongly about me."  He reached out to her.
"You tried to kill me, and I know that wasn't an accident."  She pushed him away.  
"I told you it was a mistake."
"I know what you told me, but it wasn't a mistake at the time.  It was very real.  You also called me a witch.  I don't appreciate that."  
"Alex, I'd been drinking too much whiskey.  It makes you do things you wouldn't normally do.  I'd never do or say anything like that again.  Trust me."  He tried to touch her face.
Alex retreated.  "No, I don't think so."  She turned away and went back inside, followed by the Colonel.  

As the two brothers left, Ellsworth asked.  "What did Alex say, Jeffrey?" 
"I can't believe she's playing hard to get." 
"She's very young.  You need to back off for a while.  Let her get her thoughts together.  I don't want her to stay with the Elves."  
Jeffrey was disgusted.  He never had this much trouble with a woman before.  Why was she being so stubborn?  He should just give up on her, but now, this was a challenge.  How could he change her mind?    

After the Colonel left, Alex replayed the scene in her head.  He placed his strong hands on her arms and pushed her towards the Shadow.  There was no mistake.  He had been drinking, but he wasn't drunk.  It had been a deliberate attempt to kill her.  
	"Why don't you want the Colonel to court you, Alex?  He's very handsome."  Grandmother Lestin regarded her curiously.
	"A few weeks ago at the reception for the sword tournament, he tried to kill me, Grandmother.  Now all of a sudden, he tells me he's in love with me, and it was all a mistake because he was drinking too much whiskey."  Alex rolled her eyes.  "Seriously, like I'm going to believe that."  
	"He pushed you towards them?"
	"Yes."  Alex put her hands on her hips.  "Mellen send two Shadows that night.  I managed to destroy the first one and pushed Ambassador Hodges into the second."
	"How did you destroy a Shadow?"
	"With the blue light that comes out of my hand.  I told you about it."
	"Why did you push the Ambassador into the Shadow?  He could have been killed."
	"He was.  He was also the pirate spy known as the Horseman.  He arranged for the Shadow to kill me, Grandmother.  I had to do it."
	Grandmother Lestin was shocked.  "There'll be no more talk of Colonel Jeffrey marrying my granddaughter.  Continue with your story, Alex.  I obviously have much to learn."  	
	Alex sighed.  It took the rest of the night. 

	Lady Lestin was disturbed by Alex's history and went to discuss matters with Lord Odin the following morning.  
"Odin, I shouldn't have let you talk me into letting Alex stay with the mortals.  Her entire life has been consumed with becoming a soldier.  She trained for years to take revenge on that Wizard Mylar for killing her parents.  Not only that, but she actually killed him.  She can use the blue light from her hands, just like her grandfather.  Also, did you know that Colonel Jeffrey held her in place for a Shadow to attack her?  She destroyed it with her blue light, but I'm surprised she didn't turn on him."
	Lord Odin raised an eyebrow.  "I told you, Lestin, she's a very good soldier.  Prince Darin did mention that she could use the blue light, but didn't mention the Wizard.  She's courageous and clever--I'll give her that.  Like Themius, she can also overhear Elfspeak.  She seems to have a good number of his traits, Lestin.  You should be proud."
	"Traits that I can't help her with.  What can I do?  I don't know how to use these tools.  Even Themius didn't know how to use them well."
	"There's not much we can do.  She has to learn on her own, just as Themius did.  We can only guide her.  She's very powerful, and we must respect that and work with her, Lestin.  She's the only one who can defeat Mellen when he's using the Wizard's dark magic.  Besides, she's almost an adult by mortal standards."
	"She's only a child by ours."  Lestin wept in frustration.  "How can it be that she's the only one who can do this?"
	"I don't know.  Perhaps she was chosen."  Lord Odin shrugged.  He had no answers.
	
*	*	*

The next morning at breakfast, Grandmother Lestin announced, "I'm returning to Leesdale this afternoon before the first winter storm hits.  Alex, I want you to come with me."
Alex pressed her lips together and shook her head.  "I'd love to, Grandmother, but I have to get back to work.  I'm still a soldier, and I still have work to do."
Grandmother Lestin frowned.  "I knew you'd say that.  I'll be back in the spring when Prince Darin and Celene get married."
"When did they decide that?  I don't want to miss it."
	"Just after the latest poisoning episode.  Alex, Lord Odin told me about your mission.  Be very careful.  Mellen is dangerous."
	"I will, Grandmother.  I'll see you in the spring and show you my green dress.  I'd better see the others before I leave.  I love you, Grandmother."  They embraced for several long minutes.  Then Alex got some provisions, said her farewells, and left on horseback.

	After she was gone, Lady Lestin went in to see Lord Odin and sat down next to him and wept.
	"Lestin, Alex will be fine."  He patted her hand gently.
	"I just don't want anything to happen to her."
	"When she comes back, I want to test her."
	"Test her?  For what?"  Lestin straightened.
	"To see if she can stop the storms around this island like Themius did."
	"He only did it for a short period--just a few seconds."
	"Yes, but he did it.  Alex may be able to do it, too.  None of your other grandchildren can.  If so, she's the key to getting off Seaward Isle."
	"But you're sending her against Mellen.  He could kill her."
	"I don't think so.  She's more powerful than she thinks."  He sighed.  "One day, when we get off this island, our lives will return to normal."
	"I have a feeling nothing's going to be normal with Alex around.  She's just like her grandfather."  Lestin leaned into his shoulder and stared off into the distance. 
Chapter 24

BEREN AND LILA

	When Alex arrived at the Scinthian camp, she felt a cold dampness in the air, and gray clouds threatened overhead.  
Sola, the girl who took care of the horses, ran out, bundled against the cold with her hood pulled over her head.  "Alex, we've been worried about you."
	"It's good to be back.  Is the Major inside?"  Alex dismounted, pulling her bedroll off the saddle.
	"Yes, she wants to see you immediately." 
	Alex wrinkled her nose.  "Am I in trouble again?" 
	"I don't know, but Thania said they got an earful from the Commandant about Agana."
Alex laughed and took a deep breath as she entered the cave, heading for Major Nita's private chamber.
	"Major Nita?"  Alex saw her reading some papers by candlelight.
	"Alex, did you just get in?  Where have you been?"  She embraced her.
	"I rode out to the Castle-by-the-Sea to find Mellen.  Then Lord Odin showed up and ran them off.  He took me to Southport to meet my Elf grandmother.  I left before the weather got bad."
	"I'm glad you're here.  You're just in time to go to Nyla."
	"What for?"
	"Governor Tyrone and Mala are getting married.  I thought you'd want to go."
	Alex perked up.  "I'd love to.  When?"
	"In a couple of days."
	"Sounds perfect.  I'll check in with Lila to see how she's doing."  Alex grinned at the thought of Governor Tyrone getting married.  She thought he was a confirmed bachelor.
Alex couldn't find Lila in the storeroom and asked around.  No one had seen her all day, so she went to ask Sola.  "Have you seen Lila?"
"Not since this morning."  Sola looked at the sky.  "It's getting dark.  She should have been back by now."
"I know.  I'll take a look."
"Wait, Alex.  You need to let your horse rest up.  Take another one."  Sola went over to the cave and pulled out another horse.  Alex saddled it and mounted up.  
Sola patted the horse's neck.  "I'll let Thania know."  She ran inside as snow started to fall.  
Alex left the Scinthian camp, pulling her hood tighter and keeping an eye out for Lila or her horse.  The snowfall increased, even the horse was having a difficult time of it. 
By the time she reached the Regiment, a full-fledged blizzard was in progress.  Alex pulled her cloak tighter.  She heard tapping on the windows from her right and left and looked up to see dozens of cadets with their faces pressed against the glass.  She rode her horse to the barn where the mute stable boy came out to take him.  There, she saw Lila's saddled horse in the pen.  
"Do you where Lila is?" she asked the boy.  "The lady who rode in on that horse?"
He pointed inside and pulled her horse away.  She grabbed his arm and used hand signs to tell him to take care of Lila's horse, too.  He nodded.
When Alex went inside, she brushed the remaining snow off her shoulders and stomped her feet to clean her boots.  She found the dining hall filled with cadets and their bedrolls, so she asked them about Lila.  At first, there was silence, and then they laughed.
Concerned, Alex asked, "Where's Lila?  Cadet David, where's Lila?" 
"She's all right, Alex, really.  Lance found her out there.  He can tell you."  David was one of the older cadets and the King's youngest brother.   
Lance, one of the King's nephews, stood up and cleared his throat.  "The Commandant said we had to stay overnight because of the snow, so after class, we went out for a snowball fight.  I saw Lila over by the trees.  Her horse was walking around in circles, and Lila was crying.  I asked her if she was all right, but she just cried harder.  She was covered with snow and very cold--she looked blue.  I didn't know what else to do so I brought her back here.  We brought her inside to let her warm up by the fire, but she's downstairs now.  I hope she'll be all right." 
"Thank you for looking out for her."  Alex patted his shoulder gently.  "I'll check on her."  
The cadets patted Lance on the back, the newest hero.  The room burst into giggles once she left.  As she wandered through the building, she found bedrolls everywhere.  Even the sword room in the basement was full of cadets--talking, laughing, and playing.  

After a little more searching, Alex found Lila in a little office alone.  She was curled up on a sofa in front of a fireplace wrapped in blankets.  The fire raged, and Alex found it difficult to breathe.  
"Lila?"  Alex came around the sofa.
"Alex!"  Lila turned around.  "Seriously, where have you been?  Why didn't you come back with the others?"
"I'm fine, Lila.  I was worried about you.  When I got back, you weren't there.  No one had seen you, and it was already dark, so I came to find you."
"Well, you won't believe it.  That silly horse kept trying to turn back to the Regiment because of the snow.  I knew it was wrong, and I kept turning him to the camp, so we kept going around in circles.  The cadets found me.  Did they tell you?  I was chilled to the bone.  They even found some dry clothes for me, but they're way too big.  Look at me."  Lila giggled and showed Alex the sleeves covering her hands.  
Alex laughed.  
"What about you?"  Lila asked.
"We went to Agana and rescued Rosa's family.  Rosa stayed behind to help them.  Everyone's fine."  Alex was surprised when her brother Beren came in, carrying a tray with a teapot and two cups.  
"Alex, when did you get in?  I can get another cup.  There's plenty of tea."  He set the tray on the table.  
"No thanks, Beren.  I just wanted to make certain Lila was all right since she wasn't at the camp.  I see she's doing very well, so I'll be on my way."
"Alex, since you're here, there's something we need to talk about."  Beren poured some tea and handed a cup to Lila.  Then, he sat down next to her.  "I spoke to the King, and he gave me the deed to father's house.  I want you to see it.  There's not much left, but it's a start.  I found a master builder who said he could repair it."
Alex raised her eyebrows.  "I meant to look for it, but I didn't know where to start."
"It's not far from the palace, actually.  There's something else."  He paused and smiled.  "Lila and I are getting married in the spring."  
"Alex, isn't that awesome?  We're going to be sisters."  Lila threw her arms around her.  
Alex blinked her eyes in surprise.  "Really?  In the spring?"
"I want to have it in the garden at the house.  It'll be wonderful," Beren said.
"It sounds great.  I'm really happy for you.  I'd like to see the house sometime."
"If the weather clears up tomorrow, we can ride out there.  It won't take long.  Like I said, there's not much left."  Beren put his arm around Lila, and they cuddled on the sofa.
Alex said good night, but there was no answer.  They were too busy gazing into each other's eyes.

Alex went upstairs to report to the Commandant, dodging more cadets on the stairs and in the hallway.  Several were on the floor in front of Sergeant Bartholomew's desk in the Commandant's office.  They greeted Alex by name.  
Sergeant Bartholomew gave her a wink.  "The Commandant wants to see you, Alex."  
"How did he know I was here?"  Alex asked.
"The cadets told him.  As soon as you rode up, word was passed around the building."
"Is that Alex?"  The Commandant shouted from his office. 
"Yes!"  The cadets shouted in unison and laughed.
"Come in, Alex, and close the door," the Commandant said.  "Sergeant Bartholomew, keep order out there.  Alex, I understand there were some problems in Agana."  
"Yes," Alex said as she closed the door.  "The family of one of our Scinthians was arrested by Bersamon and sent to prison, which happened to be in an old Dwarf mine.  I went in and closed the doors, locking out the guards.  Then, we led them to the palace, where they killed Bersamon and voted for their new leader."  
"What do you mean you closed the doors?" 
"All Dwarf mines can be opened or closed with a spell."
"And how do you know this spell?" 
"The Dwarves wrote them on the wall.  I can read Dwarf."
"Another one of your special skills.  How many were killed?"  He tapped his fingers on the desk. 
"I only saw Bersamon killed, no one else.  We had no injuries."
"Where's Mellen?" 
"I followed him to the Castle-by-the-Sea, but he got away again.  I'm certain he'll show up somewhere."
"Well, carry on.  Kill the Elf Mellen.  I don't care how you do it, but the sooner the better.  Clear?"  He stared into her eyes.
"Yes, Commandant.  Did Beren tell you that he was going to get married?" 
The Commandant grinned.  "No, I'll congratulate him tomorrow.  He's joining the academy as our assistant swordmaster."
"That's good news.  Well, good night, Commandant."  Alex left the office.    
After she was gone, the Commandant sat silently for a few minutes.  Then, he went to find his brother, Jeffrey, to let him know Alex was here.

	Alex looked into the bedroom used by Benjamin, Colonel Jeffrey's young son.  David and his friends had come up from below and filled up most of the floor, but Benjamin pushed them aside to make room for her by the fire.  He snuggled up next to her, offering his blanket and pillow.  Steven, the Commandant's son, snuggled next to him with his own blanket.  She tucked them in and lay down, using a log wrapped in a towel as a pillow.  She put another log on the fire and watched the boys fall asleep.  
The cadets soon became quiet.  It continued to snow outside, and the wind howled.  Alex dozed, but woke up after a few hours to put another log on the fire.  The flames flickered, and she closed her eyes again. 
A few hours later, Alex woke up, wondering what time it was.  All of the boys were still asleep.  The fire was low, and the only log left was the one she used for a pillow.  She gently placed it on the fire and put the towel aside.  
Quietly, she got up to get more wood.  She crept downstairs and went out to get an armful of logs.  When she returned to the building, Colonel Jeffrey stood in the doorway.
	"Good morning, Colonel," Alex said in a whisper.  "We ran out of logs upstairs, so I thought I'd better get some.  Besides, I couldn't sleep anymore." 
	"Let's get some tea.  I wanted to talk to you anyway."  Colonel Jeffrey closed the door behind her. 
Alex followed him to the kitchen and put the logs down.  There was a small table with four chairs in the corner.  
Colonel Jeffrey poured two cups of tea and set them on the table.  "Your grandmother is a very beautiful woman."
"Thank you.  She's very nice."
"I meant what I said about courting you.  I want to."
"Did you ask Beren?"
"He said it was up to you.  What do you say?" 
"I say no, Colonel."
Colonel Jeffrey clenched his jaw and sipped his tea.  "Tell me more about Agana."   
	"I told you about it.  We were just helping one of our own, that's all."
	"All?   Do you realize what you did?  You changed the government of a country--you caused a revolution."  Colonel Jeffrey cleared his throat.  "What about Mellen and his Elves?"
	"I don't know where he is after Lord Odin ran him off from the Castle-by-the-Sea.  Did Major Nita tell you about another pirate spy?  His name is Falcon."
	"Yes, but we don't know who he is.  Listen, I really want you to believe me, and I want to apologize for my behavior that night.  I shouldn't have done it."
	"I'm sorry it turned out to be Hodges, but I understand he's now quite a hero.  He saved us from the Shadows."  
	Colonel Jeffrey reached over, put his hand on hers, and squeezed.
Two young cadets ran into the room and gasped when they saw Colonel Jeffrey and Alex holding hands.  They ran out.   
"I guess everyone will be awake soon."  Alex laughed, and her cheeks flushed.
	Within minutes, the cooks came into the kitchen to get breakfast ready.  
Alex picked up the logs she had stored in the corner.
"I'll take care of those for you, Miss."  The cook took them from her and put them in the stove.
	Alex frowned.  
Colonel Jeffrey chuckled and left, departing with a quick squeeze on her arm.  
Alex returned to the woodpile and went back upstairs, where the Commandant had the cadets packing.  
	However, Benjamin and Steven, who were too young to be cadets, were still asleep when Alex went in.  She put a few logs on the fire to warm the room and let them sleep, heading to the dining room, now crowded with cadets.  A bell rang from the other building, and they ran out, food in hand.  The dining room was left in shambles, and several cooks came in to straighten up.  
Alex found a clean cup and poured some tea.  She stood at the window and gazed at the snow.  It was light outside, and the snow had stopped.  It blanketed the trees and ground, making a peaceful winter scene.  She took a sip of tea and closed her eyes to enjoy the quiet.  
	Mellen's face appeared, so she knew he was about to Elfspeak when she heard an unfamiliar voice.
"Mellen, I must speak to you."  
"Falcon, what is it?" 
"I've been trying to reach you for days.  Are you all right?  What happened in Agana?  I've been told Bersamon's dead.  How?" 
"I don't know.  I went to help the guards at the prison.  They said the cave was sealed, and they thought I could open it with a spell."
"Sealed?" 
"Yes, and when I got back to Agana, I was told Bersamon was dead, and his half-brother, Sarga, was the new King.  We escaped to the Castle-by-the-Sea.  Then the Water Elves showed up.  I'm in Pashkina now, waiting out the weather.  Who told you Bersamon was dead?" 
"Minister Edwards."
"What else?" 
"I think I'm being followed."  
"Don't panic, Falcon.  We need you, but we can do nothing in this weather.  Once the river thaws in the spring, our operations can begin again."

Colonel Jeffrey came up beside Alex.  "The world looks beautiful covered in snow, doesn't it?"  When she didn't reply, he glanced at her with concern.  "Alex, are you all right?"
"I'm fine."  Alex opened her eyes and stared ahead.
"You heard something, didn't you?"
"It was nothing important."
"Nothing important?  I'll be the judge of that.  What was it?"
Alex hesitated and bit her lip.  "I just heard the Falcon talking in Elfspeak."   
"Let's go to my office."  The Colonel pulled her upstairs and closed the door.  Major Dano and Major Jimm stood up when he entered.
"What did you hear?"  Colonel Jeffrey asked.
Alex gathered her thoughts.  "I heard the Falcon.  He wanted to know where Mellen was since he hadn't been able to contact him.  There was a Minister Edwards who told him that Bersamon was dead, and the Falcon thinks he's being followed."    
Colonel Jeffrey and Major Jimm exchanged glances.
"And where's Mellen?"  The Colonel put his hands on his hips.  "Tell me everything."  
"Colonel, the important thing is that the Falcon can Elfspeak.  He's an Elf," Alex said.
"I don't know of any Elves working for the King."  The Colonel pursed his lips and stared away, frowning at this new development.  "Could you see what he looked like?"
"Yes, he had blue eyes and a sharp nose; he had brown hair worn over his ears in a ponytail.  And he wore a black suit with a white shirt.  That's not much to go on, I know."
"I'll have someone check it out, Colonel," Major Jimm said.
"Who's Minister Edwards?"  Alex asked.  "How would he know what happened in Agana?" 
"He advises the King on political matters.  He should know what happened there," Colonel Jeffrey said.  "Where's Mellen?"
"Pashkina."  
"Get him!  Go!"  Colonel Jeffrey pushed her to the door.

Once Alex left, the Colonel exploded at the two Majors.  "Mellen sent a fucking spy into the kingdom, and we can't find him?"  He shook his fist at them. 
"All of my men are searching for him.  They're following everyone.  But I think I know who Alex was describing."  Major Jimm held up his hands.
"An Elf should be easy to find.  Check the ears."  He pointed to his right ear.
"May I interject, Colonel?"  Major Dano raised his hand tentatively.  "Not all Elves have pointed ears.  Take Alex for example."
"Damn it!  Get the hell out of here!  Find this Falcon now."  Colonel Jeffrey sat at his desk as the two Majors rushed out.  He opened his desk drawer and took a swig of whiskey from a bottle.  He couldn't believe Mellen had the audacity to send in a spy.  It was time for him to go.
Chapter 25

 SAFE FROM DRAGONS

	The sun came up and broke through the clouds.  The snow melted quickly.  
Lila found Alex eating breakfast.  "Alex, we're going to the house--Beren said to come with us."  
	Alex nodded.  "I'm ready."
	"Before we go, I need to ask you something," Lila whispered as she sat down.
	"Of course, what is it?"  
	"Have you ever heard of a dowry?  Beren talked about it last night, but I don't know what it is.  I've never heard of it before."
	"Neither have I.  Major Dano should know.  He knows everything.  Let's ask him."
	Lila frowned.  "No, you go--tell me only if it's good."
"All right.  I'll be back in a few minutes."  
Alex ran upstairs and found the Colonel was gone, and Major Dano was sitting in his office.  He sat alone and stared out the window.  She knocked on the door jam.
"What are you doing here, Alex?" the Major asked.  "Aren't you on your way to Pashkina?"
	Alex leaned against the door.  "I will be.  Aren't you looking for the Falcon?"
	"Major Jimm didn't need nor did he want my assistance."
	"I just came to ask you a question if you don't mind."
	"I will do the best I can."
	"Since you seem to know everything, can you tell me what a dowry is?"
	"A dowry?  Are you getting married?"  He raised his eyebrows.  
	"No, a friend may be, but she didn't know what it was.  I thought you would know." 
"Well, a dowry is money or property that the bride's family gives to the husband when they get married to help the marriage get established.  It can be worth half of the woman's wealth.  In Nyla, it was often the equivalent to two cows."
	"How much are two cows worth?"
	"I don't know.  It depends where you are.  It may cost more for two cows here than in Nyla.  Let's ask Sergeant Bartholomew since he's from this area."  Major Dano went across the hall to the Commandant's office where the Sergeant sat.  "Sergeant, how much would it cost for two cows in Verity?"
"I paid ten silvers for one last year.  She's a good one, been giving me more milk than my family can drink.  Do you need a cow, Major?  I can get you one."
	"No, Sergeant, I was only interested in the cost."  He strolled back to his office.  "So, Alex, I would estimate that a minimum dowry should be at least twenty silver coins."  
	"That's a lot of money.  What happens if you don't have it?  Can you still get married?"
	"It depends on the situation.  In most cases, a dowry can be negotiated between families.  I've known a case where the marriage was canceled for lack of a dowry, but the young woman ended up pregnant, so they got married anyway."  
	"Thank you.  I knew you'd know what it was."  Alex left.
	As soon as she disappeared down the stairs, Major Dano laughed until tears came to his eyes.
  
	Lila was waiting for her just inside the door as Beren got the horses ready.  Alex came down the steps and joined her.
	"Lila, Major Dano said that a dowry is a gift given to the husband by the wife's family.  It's worth at least half of the wife's wealth when they get married.  It should be at least twenty silver coins, but you don't have to have one."  
	"That's way too much.  I don't even have that many brassies."
	Alex frowned, too, but snapped her fingers.  "Wait a minute.  I have some gold you can have.  I got it from the Outpost."  
	"I can't take your money, Alex."
	"Yes, you can.  Some of it was from the gold we found to pay for vegetables.  Remember that?"
	"I do, but the answer is no."  Lila shook her head.
	Beren waved at them from the stables, and they ran out in the cold air.  Alex mounted up and waited as Beren helped Lila up.  Lila was still terrified of horses, but Beren patiently encouraged her to be calm.  He rode beside her.  

	They rode east through the gates around Verity past the palace.  They went through another gate to the south into a meadow, covered with melting snow with tufts of red grass, peeking through.
	"Do you remember this field, Alex?  It's normally completely covered with red grass."  Beren waved his hand over it.  "It's called Meadowfire.  You once told Papa that a dragon chased you through the field."  He chuckled.
	Alex paused, feeling like she had been here before.  Then she remembered her dream.  This was the same red grass--it was real.  "Was the dragon green?"
	"I don't remember that."  Beren laughed.  
	Alex scanned the sky for dragons, but only saw blue sky and a few white clouds.  A chill ran up her spine.
	At the end of the road, they stopped at the ruins that used to be their father's home.  
"I didn't know it was so close to Verity," Alex said.
	"I was told that Lord Dimont moved Verity farther south after father died.  He felt it would be more centrally located and accessible."   
Beren helped Lila down from her horse.  They maneuvered around the remaining snow-covered debris--most of the walls were gone and only the foundation remained.  The garden in the back was covered with snow.  Alex was discouraged--part of her had hoped her parents would be there.
	"I thought it was bigger."  Alex kicked at some weeds growing through the floor.
	"Me, too," Beren said.  "I guess we were small, and it just seemed larger."
	"Do you remember where anything was?  What about father's study?  I always played in there."  Alex turned her head around searching for anything familiar.
	"His study was behind the stairs."  Beren went past the remains of the staircase where there was a step and a location for a door, but no door.  Pages from old books were scattered around.  Beren tried to pick one up, but it disintegrated.  
Alex went over to the remains of the bookcase, which seemed very familiar to her.  She brushed away some snow and lifted out a piece of wood to reveal a small cubbyhole where she found her old doll.  It was in very poor condition, but she recognized it immediately.  It was her Elfin doll, and she hid it there to protect her from dragons.  Her mind flashed to Meadowfire and the red grass, and she remembered her dream when her father placed her doll in the cubbyhole.  She'll be safe from dragons, he said.  It was all too real.
	"Beren, look.  It's my doll."  Alex held it carefully--the fabric tore in her hand.  The head came off, and the stuffing fell out.  "You see?  You chopped her head off with your sword before you left for school.  It never did stay on after that."
	Lila came over and touched it.  She smiled.  
Beren put his hand on Alex's shoulder, and they laughed at the raggedy doll as it fell apart in her hands.  She returned the remains to the cubbyhole for safekeeping from dragons.
	In a puddle of melted snow, Beren found a small book and picked it up.  It was so fragile it started to fall apart.  "I think this was the journal I gave Father, so he could write down all his adventures for me."  He stared at the remains of the book in his hand and broke down into tears.  
Tears flowed from Alex's eyes, too.  They stood in the ruins of the house and hugged each other.  For the first time, Alex and Beren felt like brother and sister.  
"Alex, I have a confession to make--I've been a horrible brother," Beren said.  
Alex managed a smile.  "I already knew that.  We have to do better at this.  I haven't always been charming."
They embraced again.  The ruins were bringing back little pieces of the past that they had forgotten.  
"Wasn't there a large wall around the front courtyard?"  Alex asked.
"Yes, Lord Ellsworth said that his father took some of the stone to build his new palace.  The rest was taken by local people to build more shanties."
"Does Lord Ellsworth remember what happened here?"
"He does, but he had a hard time talking about it.  He came with his father, two days after the attack.  By then, father was already buried in the back."
"Where?"
"In the garden.  I'll show you."  Beren pointed to the back of the house.
"No, I don't want to go."  Alex shook her head.
"There's a stone over each one of the graves.  After the house is finished, I plan to get proper tombstones for everyone.  My mother is buried there, too, along with the dead baby."
Alex stood silent for a while, concerned about seeing the actual burial grounds.  She was no stranger to death, but she still had difficulty grasping her parent's demise.  Deep inside, she had always hoped there had been a mistake, and they were alive.  Seeing their burial places would remove that smidgen of hope.  

They meandered around of the outlines of the fortress.  The surrounding area was overgrown.  
"Do you remember Root?"  Alex pointed to the forest.  "He was my best friend and lived over there in the forest.  He was a Pixie Elf.  He had a nephew named Tap.  Get it?  Tap-Root?"  She laughed.
"I remember him," Beren said.  "There was a village of Pixie Elves over there."  
"I wonder if they're still there?"  Alex trotted towards the woods.  
Beren and Lila followed.  They ran for a short distance until they came to a cluster of very small cottages.
"This is it."  Alex put her hand on the roof of a small cottage.  Some of the thatching fell off.  "It sure looks small."
"It also looks deserted."  Lila peeked into one small cottage.  
"It is deserted.  No one's been here for a long time.  Let's go back."  Beren pulled Lila's arm.  Then he grabbed Alex's.  "Come on, Alex."  
He led her to the back of the house where the garden was located.  In the far corner, he brushed the snow off a stone marker.  
"This is where my mother is buried and the baby.  Next to her is father and your mother is next to him, on that side."  He cleared the snow from two rough stones placed a few feet apart.  Then, he pointed past them to more stones sticking out of the snow.  "Your grandfather Themius is buried here, too, along with his five sons."
Alex covered her face with her hands and sobbed, falling to her knees.  She felt the pain of grief that she had never allowed herself to feel.  Pain gripped her heart to the very core of her soul.  She grabbed her chest, feeling as though her heart would fall apart, just like her doll.  
Blinded by tears, Alex saw a vision of her father's face; his large brown eyes smiled warmly at her.  Then, she saw her mother's.  Alex stared into her mother's large blue eyes and reached up to touch her cheek as she smiled.  Just before her fingers touched her, the vision disappeared.  Alex sobbed, but it was the first time she remembered her mother's face.
"Why'd you bring me here?"  Alex wiped her face with her sleeve.
"You had to see it for yourself.  It's real, Alex.  They're dead and never coming back.  You've been keeping it in all these years, like me.  It's time to let it out.  You have to let go."
"It really hurts.  Beren, I just…I just saw my mother's face.  It's the first time I remembered what she looked like."
"Let it go, Alex.  You'll feel better.  I do.  You need to rinse your face off--it's all red and puffy."  He threw a snowball at her hot face. 
Alex wiped her face and swallowed hard, but tears kept flowing.  Beren handed her a shovel, pointing to the thick layer of dirt and snow, covering the floor of the house.  She scooped up some debris and threw it over the wall.  
The physical work felt good and took her mind off her grief.  Soon, the room was cleared.  The old wood floor was in very poor condition, and she pulled up several boards with her hands.  The cellar contained some boxes and barrels, but it was very dark down there.  When she stood up, Beren and Lila returned, holding hands.
"I cleaned the floor in here, Beren.  These boards are very loose, so be careful.  You can even pick them up and look into the cellar.  See?"  Alex lifted a board to show them.  "Beren, how can we pay for repairs?  I have some money, but not enough to pay for this.  It'll cost a fortune."
	"The King told me that father had an account in his vault.  Father stored some savings there just in case something happened.  Also, all of father's recovered property was sold, and that money was set aside for us.  The King bought the land and sold all the sheep.  Master Perrine, his secretary, was going to research it.  In addition, the King told me that since you found the Horseman and that pirate cave, he's going to give you a reward." 
	"How much?" 
	"I don't know.  He said they were still adding up the property from the cave," Beren said.  "It'll be substantial.  The King returned some of the property to the original owners, and they gave him a finder's fee.  It's taking some time to sort through it."
	Alex had forgotten she would be getting a reward.  She glanced up at the dark clouds growing in the sky.  "Look at the clouds, Beren.  We're going to get more snow.  Lila and I better head to camp.  But thank you, I do feel better."  She gave him a quick hug.  
Beren smiled.  He got the horses and helped Lila mount up.  He rode with them as far as the Regiment, where they turned south.  Large snowflakes fell as they neared the Scinthian camp.  Alex dismounted and helped Lila down.  She was putting up the horses when Sola appeared.
	"Major Nita's looking for you, Alex," Sola said.  "She wanted to see you as soon as you got back."  She took the saddle from her.
	"Well, I'd better go see her then."
	"What do you suppose she wants?"  Lila asked.  
Alex just shrugged and went inside, Lila close behind her.  Major Nita and Thania were reviewing some papers.
"Did you want to see me?"  Alex asked.
	"Are you ready to go to Nyla?  We're leaving early."
	"Yes, of course."    
	"Meet me at the stables."  Major Nita picked up her bag and left.  
	"Seriously, Alex, are you going already?  You just got here," Lila said.
	"I know, but the Governor's getting married.  Do you want to go?"  
"No, I should stay.  But thanks for asking."
"Let Beren know that I won't be here for a while.  Will you help him?"  
	"Of course, I'll do anything for him.  I'll let him know."  Lila gave her a hug.
	Thania came by.  "Alex, are you ready?  The Major's leaving."
	"I'll be right there."  Alex ran to her room and packed up.  She rolled up an extra blanket in her bedroll and pulled out the small pouch filled with gold nuggets.  When she embraced Lila before she left, she handed it to her.  "Here, give this to Beren.  It's your dowry."
	"I told you I can't take it, Alex."  Lila held up her hand.
	"Then tell him it's for the house."  She shoved it in her hand.
	"All right.  Have a safe trip."  Lila waved as she left.
	Major Nita waited for her, along with several other Scinthians, including Sera, the lead messenger.  
	"Alex, the snow's getting worse."  Major Nita mounted her horse.  Thania handed her a separate message bag.  "We have to take a message for Mala from Lady Gena."
	"Lady Gena?  You mean, Lord Ellsworth's wife, the Queen?"
	"Yes, didn't you know she was a Scinthian?"
	"I didn't even think about it until now."
	"She's Mala's first cousin and a Scout.  She wants Mala to come to Verity to meet the King.  Let's go."  The Major waved at Sera, and they moved out.
	Alex took up the rear guard as they headed out.



Chapter 26

MARTIAL ARTS

At sea, Seculus sailed west from the Castle-by-the-Sea past the port of Agana.  The ship turned north into the Futile River against the current.  It reminded Olivia of the Mississippi River, wide and muddy.  It was a very slow trip, and after several days, a new problem emerged.
A large ship called a corsair headed towards the Locust.  Its sails were coming down fast.
"Pirates!"  Seculus pushed Olivia and John to the back of the ship.  "Get below."  
The ship was at least twice as large as the Locust with a lot of men, leaning over the edge and yelling at the Elves.  When they saw Olivia, they shouted for her to come join them.  She stared at John, surprised at their crudeness.  
One of them called her, Milkmaid.  She shook her fist at him, and he laughed.
"It's probably the clothes, Olivia."  John tugged on her sleeve.
She was wearing the same peasant-style clothing that all women wore.  She glared at John and glanced down at her clothes, but her breasts were in the way.  She didn't have particularly large breasts, but they were nice, even John thought so.
"It's not the clothes." 
"All right.  Don't get so uptight."  John held up his hands and grinned.    

Within minutes, several pirates landed on deck, using ropes strung from their main mast to the Locust.  The Elves drew swords and fought them off, but the pirates kept coming.  Seculus shouted for John to get Olivia below, but the couple stopped and stared at each other.  They stood side-by-side and screamed as loud as they could.  
"He-Ya!"  
They jumped into their Tae-Kwon-Do poses and attacked the pirates with flying fists and kicks.  Although it had been years since they'd practiced, it all came back.  The pirates were caught by surprise, and their counter-attack gave the Elves a much-needed diversion.  They threw several men off the ship, even as others surrendered.
John and Olivia turned to the Elves, saluting with one fist held inside another and a bow.  At the same time, they shouted, "Ha!" in a traditional martial arts salute.
To their surprise, the Elves did the same.  For the first time, the Elves stopped considering them as guests and treated them as friends.  They weren't as shy and smiled more, as though these mortals were their peers.  
"Where did you learn to fight like that?"  Seculus asked Olivia.
"Well, when I was five, my mother gave me a choice between ballet or Tae-Kwon-Do or martial arts.  I chose Tae-Kwon-Do and that's where I met John.  We've been partners ever since.  Boy, do I need to get back in shape."  She stretched her arms.  "What about you?  Where did you learn martial arts?" 
"This is how we've always fought."
"Hey, Seculus, do you think Elves may have taught us this technique many thousands of years ago?"  John asked.  "I mean, when you were living with us mortals?"  
"It's possible."  Seculus shrugged.
"The technique was known only by monks in China for the longest time.  You probably taught them before you left."  John nodded at Olivia and wriggled his eyebrows.
Olivia smiled at his antics, but wondered if it was true.
Seculus maneuvered the ship away from the corsair, and there was more commotion from that direction.  A large Water Elf ship attacked the corsair from the other side, but it took evasive measures and sailed out to sea.  Seculus waved at his Elf friends and delivered a few pirate prisoners, so the Locust could continue north to the Eastern River.
Chapter 27

THE GOVERNOR'S WEDDING

	Alex and the Scinthians pushed hard through the night to get out of the snow.  They finally stopped at the bottom of a mountain ridge, where they found shelter from the wind.  They hunkered down for the night and moved on in the morning.  
	By the fourth day, the weather improved, and they were bathed in sunshine.  In fact, it was almost hot.  By evening, they stopped for supper, and Alex prepared to take the first watch.  
Major Nita went over to her.  "You've been very quiet, Alex.  Is everything all right?"
	"Yes, I'm fine.  I'm just a little preoccupied.  Sorry."  
	"Well, are you going to tell me about it?"  She sat down and patted the ground next to her.
Alex sat next to her and wrapped her arms around her legs.  "Did Lila tell you that she was going to marry my brother?  I'm very happy for them.  She'll be good for him."  
	"Yes, Lila told us.  Actually, she screamed it at us.  What else?"  The Major propped her arms on her knees.
	"I met my Elf grandmother for the first time.  She's really nice.  I like her.  She even yelled at Lord Ellsworth about how I'd been raised."
	"What's wrong with the way you were raised?"
	"She doesn't like the idea of me being a soldier."  
	The Major pursed her lips.  "We all have jobs to do.  What else?  There's something else bothering you."
	"There's a lot of things bothering me, Major.  I just don't want to burden you with them.  Did you know Prince Darin was getting married this spring?"
	"Oh no."  Major Nita groaned.  "Who's he going to marry?"
	"Lady Celene.  She's Lord Odin's daughter and quite lovely."
	"Lovely?  She's absolutely beautiful.  I figured as much.  He would only marry an Elf.  Her father is one of the most important Elves in Eledon."
	"You mean Lord Odin?  What is Eledon anyway?"
	"It's the Elf World.  The proper name is Eledon.  Lord Odin is on the Council of Elders, which is made up of twelve Elves.  He's the leader of the Tree Elves.  I'm not exactly sure how he ended up here, but he hasn't been able to figure out a way off the island yet.  He will, I'm sure.  Did you understand our prophecy of the Sacred Warrior, by the way?"
	"Scout Nora told me about it, but no, not really."
	"Well, since our Scouts had no luck finding Mother Gaea's grandson, the Sacred Warrior was tasked to find him.  After that, she would lead us off the island.  Scout Nora was our Sacred Warrior and she died, so as her daughter, you are now the Sacred Warrior.  That's why you have this sword.  Mother Gaea's grandson, your grandfather is also dead, so it all falls to you, Alex.  I think you'll be the one leading us off the island."
	"How?"
	"I don't know." 
	"I wouldn't know what it was like anywhere, but here.  I don't see how I can do it."  Alex paused.  "Is there a difference between a Tree Elf and a Water Elf?"
	"Young Water Elves like you have blue hair in their ears."  
	"What do young Tree Elves have--leaves?"  
	Major Nita laughed.  "I don't know.  I've only been concerned with Water Elves.  So, now that you've dashed my dreams of ever marrying Prince Darin, what else do you have?  Did you know the King was very upset with our rescue of Rosa's family?"
	"Yes, I heard that.  He was surprised when Sarga thanked him for his help, especially when he didn't know about it."  She giggled.
	"Where did you go after that?" 
	Alex hesitated.  "I told you about my mission to find Mellen.  He was at the Castle-by-the-Sea, but before I did anything, the Water Elves attacked, and he got away."
	"Oh, that's right--Mellen."
	"Do you know who Tarsin is?"
"Yes, he's Prince Darin's general--very handsome."  The Major smiled at the thought.
"He was Prince Darin's general, but he poisoned the Prince and his guards to get Mellen's friends out of the dungeon.  Then he sent his sister in when he failed to kill him."
The Major shook her head in disbelief.  "No way.  Is Prince Darin all right?  I guess he is, because he's getting married."
"Lord Odin and I found him just in time, but he was very sick.  Prince Darin asked me to find Mellen and told me it was a Blood Mission."
"A Blood Mission?  I've never heard of anyone getting one of those before."
"Then, the Commandant assigned me a tracker mission for the same thing."  
	"It's an important mission, Alex.  I can see why you're so preoccupied."  The Major hesitated, choosing her next words carefully.  "Many years ago, the first time I met Prince Darin, he returned several girls to us he found on a ship.  They had been beaten and chained to the walls.  Mellen had invited them to a party and drugged them.  He was going to sell them as slaves, but Prince Darin found them first.  My mother banned Mellen from our lands forever.  Watch out for him.  If you kill him, it'll be a blessing for all of us."  
	"Thanks for telling me, Major.  Well, I'd better start my watch.  Sleep well."  Alex picked up her bow and went for her watch.  
For the rest of the night, Alex couldn't help, but think about what the Major had said.  Mellen was awful and dangerous, even cruel.  He had to die.

	The next day, the temperature plummeted, and snow fell once more.  By late afternoon on the seventh day, they arrived in Nyla.  The Scinthian camp on the edge of town was covered with snow, but the girls were overjoyed to see them.  Though it was still quite cold in the tents, they got a warm welcome, filled with hugs and laughter.
	Tula had returned to the camp several weeks before and was relieved to see Alex again.  Alex took the opportunity to return her clothes to her.  
	"They're even cleaned and pressed."  Tula smiled as she checked them out.
	"Thanks for letting me use them."
	"Anytime, Alex."  
The girls continued chatting through the night.  Sometime overnight, the snow stopped, and the girls settled in.

	At first light, Alex left the camp and trudged to the Penser's house through knee-deep drifts.  She knocked on the door, hoping to surprise them.  
Colonel Penser opened it, wearing his britches and undershirt.  "Alex, get in here."  He pulled her inside and gave her a hug.  
Mistress Penser ran over from the kitchen to embrace her.  "Come inside and get warm."  She put some cups on the table and poured some tea.  
	Alex took off her cloak and sword and sat down to sip some tea.  "That's good."  She let the warm cup linger in her cold hands.
	"When did you get in?"  The Colonel pushed her a plate of biscuits.  He finished buttoning his shirt and sat down.
	"Late yesterday.  It was too late to come over last night."  Alex put a large pat of butter on a biscuit and watched it melt.  "It seems colder this year."
	"Yes, and the worst isn't here yet.  I remember we had a very bad winter several years ago.  This one is shaping up the same way.  Did you ever find that Mellen fellow?"
"Yes, but he got away.  I came back for the Governor's wedding."
	"It's tomorrow," Mistress Penser said.  "Alex, I fixed your dress for you.  I couldn't match the green fabric, so I made it black.  Let me show you."  Mistress Penser went to Alex's room and brought out the green dress.  The bodice was now half-green and half-black.  
	Alex held the dress up to her and noticed that the skirt had several black stripes to match the bodice.  
	"This looks wonderful, Mistress Penser.  This was a lot of work."  Alex admired it.
	"It was very nicely made.  It's a beautiful dress."
	"Thank you so much.  I'll wear it to the Governor's wedding.  Oh, did I tell you that I met my Elf grandmother?  She's very nice."
	"We'd love to meet her one day," the Colonel said.
	"Are you going to live with her?"  Mistress Penser asked. 
	"No, I'll probably visit her, though.  She lives in Leesdale, up north.  I'd like to meet my cousins.  She said I had twelve of them in addition to their children." 
	"Twelve?  Wow.  Well, I'd better get off to work.  Come by and say hello to everyone at the Garrison, Alex."  The Colonel kissed his wife and bundled up before he went out the door. 

	Alex and Mistress Penser talked for a while as Alex helped her clean up.  Then, Mistress Penser took her to her room.
	"I almost forgot to show you this, Alex.  Mistress Nielsen brought it over a few days ago from the Sword Academy.  She said she was cleaning out the storeroom and came across your old valise."
	Alex stared at the small leather case.  It had belonged to her father, the same valise she was put in to escape the Wizard's attack when she was four.  The leather was worn and cracked.  The handle was loose.  She opened it carefully and found her old school uniforms, notebooks, and several pencils.  In the side pocket, she found the Titan bracelet her mother had given her and slid it on her arm.  At the bottom, she found two letters, written by her father, one to Beren and another for her.  She cried as she read hers:
  
My dear Alexin, your mother and I love you so much.  As soon as this is over, we will come for you and bring you home.  In the meantime, mind Commandant Nielsen and please behave yourself.
Love, Father

	Alex let Mistress Penser read it.  
"Your father loved you, Alex.  Never forget it.  We love you, too."
	"Thanks, Mistress Penser.  I love you, too."  Alex wiped tears from her face and a short while later, left to see the Governor.  
  
	The wedding took place at noon the next day.  It was held in the warehouse at the harbor near the Inward Sea since it was the only place large enough to hold everyone.  
Mala looked stunning, absolutely radiant in a long, gold dress that fit snugly over her voluptuous figure, and over her face, she wore a golden veil, shielding her blue eyes and long blond hair.  
"Major Nita, Mala looks beautiful.  I've never seen a dress like that before," Alex said.
"She had it brought in for the occasion.  It's a traditional wedding dress from Scinthia.  She looks so happy."  The Major wiped a tear away.
The Governor had a special robe made for him as well.  Long and black, it was made of wool and edged with mink.  His face beamed.
The ceremony was short and sweet.  The contractual arrangements had already been prepared, and once sealed, the couple kissed to the delight of everyone. 
After the ceremony, Alex saw her trainer, Major Jonnbo and went up to him.  "Major, how are you doing this evening?  It's a wonderful party, isn't it?"
"Great.  How are things with you?"  He placed his hand on her shoulder.
She brushed his hand away.  "All right.  I haven't been able to close in on Mellen yet.  He's got too many people around him."
"He knows what he's doing.  Keep at it.  You'll get your chance.  Do you need anything?"
"Can you get me some unmarked arrows?"
"Sure, come by in the morning."  The Major wandered away.  
The party lasted well into the early hours.  The Scinthians sang until they were hoarse and danced until their feet hurt.  They celebrated without a care in the world.
As Alex left the party, the chill of winter brought her back to reality.  She wore a heavy cloak over her green dress, but even then, she felt the sting of the cold wind.  At the Penser's home, the Colonel started a roaring fire in the fireplace, so the little house warmed quickly.  Exhausted, they prepared for bed.

The next morning was clear and crisp.  As the Scinthians recovered from the party, Alex stopped by to see Major Nita.  "Major, I just wanted to let you know that I'm heading out to work on my project."
"Thanks for telling me, Alex.  Stay safe."
"See you later."  Then Alex ran over to Colonel Penser's office and knocked on his door.
"Come in, Alex.  What are you up to?"
"I'm going south on my mission.  I just wanted to let you know."
Colonel Penser stood up and embraced her.  "Watch out for that son of a bitch, Alex."
"I will."  Alex kissed him on the cheek and left.  She stopped by Major Jonnbo's room where he was waiting for her.  
"What took you so long?  Take what you need."  He waved his hand at several sleeves of unmarked arrows, bows, and blades.
"This should do it.  Thanks, Major."  Alex took two sleeves of plain arrows and a new bow.
He placed his hands on her shoulders.  "Be careful, Alex.  I mean it." 
She swallowed hard.  "Thanks, Major." 

Packed down with extra arrows and a rucksack loaded with food from Mistress Penser, Alex left Nyla and headed south, passing by small brown fields separated by low stone walls.  The land turned to scrub brush, the beginning of the desert.  All of the shrubs were barren and stark with a dusting of snow.  There were no birds in the sky and no other movement, save Alex and her horse, Fairmount.  Her other horse, Tattoo, would have to wait.  She needed an unmarked horse for this mission. 
By afternoon, she approached Midstation, the stepping off point for the Outpost, which lay across the expanse of the Jade Dessert to the south.  Alex spent the night and rested.  In the morning, she started out across the desert.  Once the sun was up, it got hot.  Hours later, when it began to set, it cooled off very quickly.  
Alex found a Dwarf shelter in a ravine and took her horse in for the night.  Alex rationed her food carefully.  She didn't know how long she was going to be gone.  She lay down on her blanket and closed her eyes, thinking about the dancing Scinthians and smiled.  Then, she saw Mellen's angry face.
"Thorne, where are you?  Why aren't you here?"  Mellen shouted at him in Elfspeak.
"I'm at the Outpost." 
"What for?  You must train these men."  
"Let Tarsin do it.  They're too hard to train.  They don't listen to me."
"He needs your help.  Return now."  Mellen's face had a stern look.
"He doesn't need me.  We have until spring.  Calm down or your head will start hurting again."
"That's when we attack.  Get back here."  As Mellen rubbed his temples, his face vanished from Alex's mind, and she was now wide awake.   
Obviously, she couldn't go to the Outpost since it was being used.  She rolled on her side to think of something else and decided that the cave of Limos on the north side of the mountains near Pashkina should be safe.  It couldn't be seen from the Outpost, but she could see Pashkina.  In addition, she knew a way to sneak into the port area if an opportunity arose and wondered how could she make that happen.  
Chapter 28

ALIEN

Seculus guided the Locust up the Eastern River.  There wasn't a clear channel through it, so he and his crew were on constant alert for shallow water.  A few barges poled their way up the river, and the Locust sailed past them, until the wind died, and the crew had to resort to using long barge poles to keep moving.  
Several days later, Seculus breathed more easily once the ship entered the Inward Sea.  It was actually a large lake, not a sea, and along the southern shore, there was a port with some warehouses that marked the village of Nyla.  To the right, the Army Garrison guarded the port.  The Locust anchored offshore to wait for a berth.  That night, winter weather moved in, and snow fell all night.  In the morning, the Elves removed nearly a foot of snow from the deck.  The water was still clear of ice, but it had turned very cold.  By noon, the ship docked.

Nyla was one of the smallest villages Olivia had ever seen.  Yet, it had an Army Garrison and a boarding school with several rows of huts.  Near the woods, there were a series of white tents and to the right of them, one large house.  A squad of soldiers marched out to the dock as the ship tied up.
One man held up his hand and announced, "Good afternoon, my name is Captain Hamlin from the Nyla Army Garrison.  We have orders to inspect every ship.  Please stand aside."
Seculus frowned, but nodded and let the men board.  "We have nothing to hide, Captain."  
The soldiers filed onboard and searched every inch of the vessel.  Captain Hamlin finally gave the crew clearance, and the soldiers filed off.

Olivia noticed Hamlin's American accent and couldn't let him leave without talking to him.  "Captain Hamlin, may I speak to you for a moment?"
"Yes, ma'am."  Hamlin stopped and turned to her.  
"What were you looking for?"
"The Colonel said to inspect every ship for the Elf Mellen."
"Why?"
"He's wanted for murder and few other crimes."
"Good reason.  Where are you from?"  She smiled.  "Aren't you an American?"
"Yes, ma'am.  We aren't supposed to talk about it."
"I know.  What year was it when you left?"
"1972."  The Captain looked around with concern.  "What about you?"
"It was 2011, almost forty years after you.  I'm originally from California, but I lived in New York City.  My husband and I were on vacation in the Mediterranean Sea before we got here.  Where are you from?"
"I'm from Oklahoma--I've been here about ten years.  The Colonel's an American, too."  He nodded at the Garrison. 
"What happened?"
"I was in a storm like everyone else.  Like you, too, I guess."
"Where were you?"
"Off 'Nam.  I was in the Marines on a Navy ship.  We were station-keeping off the coast, and I went to the fantail for a smoke.  This storm came up and swept me off the ship.  Then, I was here.  Last smoke I'll ever have."
"Thanks for telling me."
"Yes, ma'am.  Got to get back to work.  Nice talking to you."  The Captain saluted and departed the ship.

John and Olivia trekked through some snow to Governor Tyrone's office to request an interview.  Olivia scheduled two hours with him the following morning.  
Afterwards, they went to find an inn, only to discover there weren't any in town.  They stayed on the ship overnight and ate supper with the Elves.  
Previously, Olivia had assumed that the Elves were strict vegetarians, but they weren't.  They served steamed fish for supper with some greens grown on the ship.  It all smelled delicious with homemade wine and freshly baked bread.  
John decided to say a prayer before supper to see what kind of reaction he would get.  The Elves were curious, but didn't say anything, waiting politely for John to stop talking.
"Do Elves have a religion?"  Olivia asked Seculus.
"I don't understand."
"What God do you worship?"
Seculus shook his head.  "I still don't understand.  Sorry."
"We give thanks to God for giving us this food.  He's the Creator of all living things."
"We used to tell the Mentors to thank the Creator for our gifts, but since we've been here, we had to stop.  We must wait until we return to Eledon, our homeland."
"Why?"
"The Mentors can't speak to us here.  Lord Odin has tried."
"Lord Odin is held in high regard by the Elves."
"Yes, he's on the Council of Elders and can speak to the Mentors." 
"He's more like a high priest, isn't he?"  Olivia nodded.  "Shall we eat?"

The next morning, they woke early for the interview with the Governor.  As the Elves cleared more snow from the ship, John and Olivia headed out.  Without watches, they weren't sure what time it was, but they were shown right in.   
	They waited in the Governor's parlor, and he arrived a few moments later.  Tea was served.  The Governor shook hands, greeting them like old friends.  
	Olivia turned on her tape recorder and set it down on the table.  
"Good morning, Governor Tyrone.  My name is Olivia Richards from the King's Weekly Journal in Southport.  This is my husband, John.  Could you please give me your full name and title?"
"My name is Tyrone, son of Dera Kommolin.  My title is Lord Governor of Eastern Borders."
"Dera Kommolin?  That's quite an unusual name.  Would you spell it for me?"
"I'll write it down.  It's my father's name."  The Governor wrote it with a quill pen on a piece of paper and handed it to Olivia.
She glanced at it.  "What does it mean?"
"Dera means knight--he was a knight of his royal eminence, King Mortimer."
"King Mortimer?  On Seaward Isle?"
"No, I used to live in Nasru, prior to our shipwreck." 
Olivia narrowed her eyes.  "Nasru?  Where's Nasru?"
"Somewhere beyond the storms."
"I've never heard of that country before."
"That's because, my dear, I come from a land far away.  There, we have three suns and five moons, so this place is most unusual for me, as it only has one of each.  Our societies and people are quite similar, however.  In fact, your recording device is very similar to one I had at home."
Olivia raised her eyebrows.  "Oh, so you're from another planet?  We call our planet Earth.  What's the name of yours?"  She smiled politely.
"Terrasol, located in the star system, Briole.  I'm quite certain you have different names."
"How did you get here?"
"Haven't got a clue."  He leaned forward in his chair.  "We were in a parade of historical wooden ships on our way to Kinsole when this storm came out of nowhere.  I was on Queen Diamona's ship at the end of the parade.  I remember being thrashed about in the storm, and then, we crashed onto the barrier rocks on this island.  It was quite a shock.  Another ship was also caught in the same storm.  Over half the crew was lost."
"And did you speak our language as well?"
"Oh, no, but we were able to use neuro-translators to help us in the beginning.  I'm quite fluent in the language now."
"I see.  Do you know a man by the name of Wallace?"
"From Winden?  Of course, I do.  He helped us salvage the ships.  Have you seen him?"
"I have.  He told me something very interesting.  He said this Wizard, by the name of Mylar attacked you.  Is that true?"
"Yes, it is.  Unfortunately, I seem to have blocked all memory of that incident out of my head.  I only remember my ward shaking me to wake me up."
"And?"
"I saw the Wizard dead on the floor.  I immediately ordered that his body be burned, so he couldn't return, ever again."
"If he was dead, why worry about it?"
"You don't know how powerful this Wizard was.  He could call up these Shadows from the Underworld and send them out to kill.  He could have used one to come back to life."  Governor Tyrone had a terrified look on his face.
"How did the Wizard die?"
"I'm not sure.  I really don't care, so long as he's dead."
"What did your ward say?"
"She said that I didn't have to worry about him anymore since he was dead."
"Did you report it to authorities?"
"I am the authority here.  I did notify the King and Colonel Penser."
"I see.  Governor Tyrone, I understand that your ward, Lady Alexin, is the orphaned daughter of Count Dumwalt.  Is that correct?"
"Yes."
"May I ask how old she is?"
"Oh, my.  Let me see."  He stared at the ceiling and counted his fingers.  "About fifteen, I believe."
"Fifteen?  I was told she was in the Army.  She's a little young, don't you think?"
"She's quite mature for her age.  We enlisted her help in order to train the Scinthians.  She speaks their language fluently." 
"Were you aware that your ward and several Scinthians helped us escape from prison in Agana along with a few thousand other prisoners?  Bersamon had locked us up in the Green Stone Mine."
	The Governor opened his eyes wide.  "Really?  I didn't know Alex was involved.  How did she do it?"
	"I was hoping you could explain it.  She shouted something at the entrance of the mine, and it sealed shut, locking out the guards."
	"Amazing.  She's quite clever.  I just saw her a few days ago at my wedding.  She didn't say a word about it."
	"I'd love to talk to her.  Is she still here?"
	"No, I understand she's gone."
	"Where?"
	"On a mission, I suppose."
	"Were you also aware that she was present at the murder of Ambassador Hodges in Riverton?"
	"Yes, she told me about it.  She was absolutely terrified."
	"What did she say?"
	"She said she saw a Shadow kill the Ambassador."  
	"One of the Wizard's Shadows?"
	"Yes, and it was after the Wizard was dead, which meant that someone else can summon them."
	Olivia paused and eyed the Governor warily.  "On a different topic, do you have any programs in place for new survivors to help them get acclimated to life on this island?"
	"No, I didn't know there was a problem.  I found my way."
	"Not everyone has.  I've heard that pirates have forced many women and children into slavery and prostitution, while men have been forced to join their ranks."
	"I don't think it's a problem here--the Colonel's kept the pirates in check, but I assure you, I will look into it."
John nudged her.  
	Olivia stared at him and asked, "What?"
	"Ask him about the red granite," he whispered.
	"Oh, one more question--this one is for my husband, the architect.  We stopped at the Castle-by-the-Sea, which as you know, was built by the Wizard Mylar.  Since you knew the man, you might be able to tell my husband how he built it and where he got the red granite, which is not native to this island."
	"Magic.  It was absolute magic.  We watched him wave his arms in the air and say a spell.  The next thing we knew the castle was there."  
	"Oh really--magic.  Well, thank you for your time, Lord Governor."  Olivia reached over and turned off the tape recorder.  She shook hands with him and pulled John out the door.

On the way back to the ship, Olivia fumed.  "John, can you believe that guy?  So he's an alien from another planet, is he?  He looks and sounds just like the rest of us.  I don't believe anything he told me, especially about his ward.  Yeah, right.  There's something more to this story."
"Maybe he is an alien, Olivia.  This is a pretty strange place."
"Why would you say you can't remember getting attacked by a Wizard unless you're trying to hide something?  What a cockamamie story!  I've heard that one before.  I'll bet his ward had something to do with it."
"So what?"
"This girl could be a murderer."
"Don't forget, she is a soldier, and she would have protected the Governor from this Wizard."
"Well, maybe…"
"I think you're just upset because the Governor isn't a little green man.  What about Lord Odin?  He claims to be an Elf."
"But I believed him."
"Don't forget, this is Seaward Isle."  John pointed emphatically at the ground.  "Everything's weird here."
		
Chapter 29

THE COLONEL 

When John and Olivia went by the Garrison, they stopped in to speak to Colonel Penser.  They wanted to touch base with another American.  He was in his office when they arrived and were shown in.  
"Colonel, my name is Olivia Richards, and this is my husband, John. We were wondering if we could speak to you for a few minutes."
"Sure, come in.  What can I do for you?"  He stood up and extended his hand.
Olivia shook his hand.  "We've talked to Captain Hamlin and just wanted to touch base with you.  We're American, too.  You're a little bit of home."
"He told me.  There aren't too many of us here."  He shook John's hand.
"Where are you from, sir?" Olivia asked.
"Texas."
"How long have you been here?"
"A long time, over twenty-five years."
"What happened?"
"A storm.  You, too?"
"Yes.  Where were you when it happened?"
"I was stationed with the Army in 'Nam."
"Was it at the same time as Hamlin?"
"No, it was earlier.  He's just a young pup.  It was '68 when it happened to me.  We took a small river patrol boat to get around the Delta to cut off the 'Cong, but a storm hit and knocked the boat around.  Horrible night."
"I just don't get it.  Hamlin said it was in 1972 for him, but it was ten years ago and you've been here twenty-five years, and it was 1968.  That doesn't make sense.  How is this possible?"
"Welcome to the club.  No one else understands it either."
"Do you know the Governor very well?"
"Yep, good man.  The best one around."
"Were you aware he comes from another planet?"
The Colonel raised his eyebrows and dropped his jaw.  "Really?  I never talked to him about it.  But now that you mention it, he did ask me why there was only one sun and one moon.  I thought he was joking."
"May I ask if you're married?"
"Yes, my wife came from France around the time of Charlemagne.  This place is really nuts."  He laughed.
"Well, it's nice talking to you.  We should be on our way."  John pulled on Olivia's arm.
"Would you join me and my wife for supper tonight?" the Colonel asked.
"Thanks, Colonel.  I think the Elves are making us supper," Olivia said.
"Bring them along."

When they returned to the ship, they found Seculus on deck.
"Hey, Seculus, where's the crew?"  John looked around.
"Getting ready for supper.  They went to the Garrison to clean up.  As soon as they get back, then I'll go."
"Colonel Penser invited us for supper at his house, care to join us?"
"No, thank you.  We were going to invite you to join us at the dining hall at the Garrison."
"Wouldn't you prefer a home-cooked meal?"
"It's not the food we're going for, although it's not bad.  There are usually several Scinthian women there."
"Scinthian?"  
"They are tall, blonde, and beautiful women, a tribe of Amazon warriors."
"No shit?"  John's eyebrows rose.  "How did they get here?"
"The soldiers are training them in warfare."
"Well you'd better be careful, then."  John nodded and turned to Olivia.  "Did you hear that?  Maybe we should go to the dining hall tonight."
"John, we already promised Colonel Penser."  Olivia shook her head.  "Have a nice time, Seculus."
Later, as Olivia and John strolled past the dining hall at the Garrison, John stared so attentively at the Scinthians that Olivia poked him in the ribs.  
"No need to get jealous, Olivia," he said.  "It's just that I've never seen this many Amazons before.  I thought they were extinct."
"Hmmphh."  Olivia frowned.  "That's no excuse."

Colonel Penser escorted them to his little house down the street.  It was a typical shanty, made warmer by their personal touches.  His wife, Marie, was friendly, speaking with a slight French accent.  She was delighted to meet John and Olivia.
The meal was simple, just sausages and vegetables, but delicious.  They enjoyed the company and felt right at home.    
"Thank you so much for having us over.  The Elves are wonderful hosts, but it's nice to get off the ship for a while."  Olivia held up her glass of wine.  "Cheers."
"Cheers," Colonel Penser said.  "What brought you here anyway?"
"I wanted to interview Governor Tyrone.  I'd heard a great deal about him and his relationship to the Wizard Mylar.  I also wanted to ask him if he had any programs in place for new survivors to keep them from falling into the hands of pirates.  And my husband wanted to find out where the Wizard got the red granite to build the Castle-by-the-Sea."  Olivia sipped her wine.  "Unfortunately, all he could tell us was that it was magic."  
"There's been some strange things happening in these parts," the Colonel said.
"I'll say.  We were thrown into prison when we went to Agana.  If it weren't for the Governor's ward, Lady Alexin, we'd still be there."
"What did Alex have to do with it?"  Marie asked.
The Colonel gently placed his hand on his wife's.  "Well, it's getting a little late for us old folks.  Clear the table, Marie, and I'll escort our guests back to the ship."  He stood up and gathered their cloaks from the hooks near the front door.  Then, he put his on and led them back to the ship through a light snowfall. 

After the Colonel left them, Olivia asked, "John, do you think the Colonel was hiding something?"
"I know you do.  Why is everyone hiding something?"
"I'm a journalist.  He acted weird when I mentioned Lady Alexin's name.  I bet he knows something."
"Maybe he just can't talk about it.  Top secret stuff."
Olivia sighed.  All this secrecy and intrigue was getting on her nerves and most of it was about this girl.  It went against her training as a journalist.  After all, the people had a right to know who she was. 
Didn't they?
Chapter 30

THE CAVE

	With the Outpost under surveillance by Mellen's forces, Alex returned to Midstation for extra supplies.  She picked up enough for two weeks and rode east for two days.  After turning south, it was another three days before she arrived at the cave of Limos.  
Using the Dwarf spell, she opened the door to the cave and pulled in her horse.  At the cave entrance, she picked up a dragon torch and lit it.  Then she closed the opening.  
The cave was quiet.  Alex had been there several months before, so her memory of it was still very fresh.  She'd launched a rescue mission into the city from this location and doubted that Mellen knew of it, so she felt reasonably safe.   
Alex knew that his primary target would be Agana for its deep-water harbor and central location.  In addition, the city was rich and densely populated.  Once established, Mellen could operate with impunity, striking out at any city on the island. 
Governor Tyrone had let her know that the Futile River was iced over, and all ship activity in Agana was at a standstill, much to her relief.  It was a particularly cold winter.  Normally, a narrow passage in the ice allowed some ship traffic, but not this year.   

Alex checked the cave and turned on the fountain for water.  She used her hands to scoop the clean cold water into her mouth.  Then, she filled a bucket for her horse.  She thought she had left it running when she departed the cave months before, but somehow, the fountain had shut down, and the rocks returned to their proper place.  It had to be Dwarf magic.  She found a small barrel of oats that had been left behind and put some in a bucket, mixing in a cut-up apple for her horse.  
At the back of the cave, she realized with alarm that her torch could draw attention to her position.  There was a small opening where she could watch the port, but the light from her torch could shine through.  She marked the opening and placed a rock over it to block any light.  
Alex set up her bedroll near her horse.  At least, Fairmount would be some company.  After she ate, she lay down to sleep.
Then, she heard Elfspeak and saw Thorne's face.  
"Mellen, Tarsin lets the mortals get away with everything.  He makes me sick."
"Thorne, work with him.  We'll meet with him at the Outpost tomorrow, and you can talk to him alone.  Your bickering doesn't help my headache."  Mellen rubbed his temples.
"Go rest.  Tarsin's on patrol and won't be back until later."
"Where'd he go?"
"To the mountains.  We don't fight in the mountains."  Thorne's face showed his frustration and faded from Alex's view.

Alex sat up.  If Mellen and Thorne went to the Outpost, she might have a chance.  Tarsin and Thorne would be occupied with each other.  That left Mellen alone.  But in order to get there in time, she'd have to leave now.
In the meantime, Tarsin's patrol in the mountains could pose a problem for her.  She shut her eyes and quieted her mind to listen for any more Elfspeak.  It wasn't long before she heard more discussion.  Tarsin was reporting in.
"Mellen, I've found fresh horse tracks to a hidden entrance in the mountain.  Someone's here.  I knew I saw a light."
"Keep looking, Tarsin."  Mellen rubbed his head.  
Alex groaned as she heard pounding against the rocks near the entrance.  But when she heard a distant scream from the other direction, she sat upright and the hair on the back of her neck stood on end. 
She crept silently to the mine entrance and listened.  When another scream echoed, she realized it came from below.  Curious, she opened the door to the mine with a Dwarf spell and went in.  At the bottom of the mine, she was in the sea cave.  Lightning flashed outside of the cave, and Alex made out the shapes of several large creatures, wading into the water.  
On the beach, two creatures tussled with each other, screaming at the top of their lungs--then separated and moved on.  They were cobalts, the blue goblins that lived in the cave with the trolls.  One of them charged up the path, screaming at Alex.  Its long arms were extended above its head--its mouth was open, showing large, jagged teeth.  A pair of yellow eyes glowed.  
Alex blew hard on the dragon torch--a long lick of flame reached out to the creature.
"Grunki!  Grunki!"  She waved the torch at it to make it back up.  It covered its eyes and backed away.  
When the creature returned to its group, Alex moved forward again.  Just then, she felt a presence beside her.  A large brown troll stared at her from the beach.  Several other creatures gathered behind it.  Alex froze as the creatures waddled into the water.  But one of them charged her, waving its long arms and narrowly missing her shoulder. 
Alex moved out of reach and blew hard on the dragon torch again, sending a stream of fire at its face.  It screamed out.
"Grunki!"  Alex waved her arms.  The creature backed away and joined the others.
As the last one entered the water, she breathed easier and ran down the mine with dragon torch in hand, turning towards the Outpost.  As she ran, she tried to devise a plan to surprise Mellen.  Her odds weren't good against three Elves.
	The tunnel was dark and still.  She saw no more signs of trolls or goblins and concluded that they must have gone to sea to hunt for food.  On the way, she found some white sweetpods, hanging from roots near the ceiling and stopped to eat some.  She savored the sweet strawberry flavor of the seeds inside the pod.  Nearby, she drank some water from an abandoned fountain in another Dwarf village.  When she came to the path that led up to the Outpost, she stopped and caught her breath, listening for any noise, but heard nothing.
	Cautiously, she climbed the path, drawing her sword.  The leather tarp that had blocked the entry now hung by one corner, marking the boundary to the kitchen.  Alex used her sword to hold it to one side as she slipped by.  The Outpost seemed empty, and she didn't sense any of the Elves.  She put her sword away, not sure if she was too early or too late.
	Above her head, lightning crackled, and rain poured down.  Alex stared up in confusion--where did this thunderstorm come from in the middle of winter? 
She climbed the stairs to the watch station and peered down at Mellen's encampment.  Torrents of rain poured down on the tents, and strong winds toppled them over.  Men and horses scattered as waves crashed over the docks.  The pirate ships had already pulled away and were at sea.
	Disappointed, Alex closed her eyes to feel for Mellen's presence.  He was on a horse, leading the pack west.  Thorne and Tarsin were with him.  She pounded her fist in frustration.  

	Alex returned to the mine and trotted back through the empty tunnel.  Water was cascading down the walls and gathering on the floor.  It was nearly knee-deep by the time she reached the sea cave.  The waves were high and crashed onto the beach. 
Lightning continued to flash outside, and the wind howled as the storm grew in intensity.  She nodded, now understanding what the trolls and goblins had been escaping.  How did they know a storm was coming?  She ran to the safety of the cave of Limos.  
Once inside, she removed the rock from the opening to observe the port area.  Rain pelted her face as lightning bolts cracked above her head and thunder boomed.  Abandoned tents floated near the shore, and the men were gone.  The entire area was submerged.  Once the waves pulled away, the port went, too.  If the pirates wanted to use it again, they would have to rebuild it.

Alex decided to leave and packed up, disappointed that she had missed another chance at Mellen.  She rode out in the pouring rain, stopping to close the opening and headed east to the Morning Mountains.  The rain slackened, but she saw more dark clouds, heading her way.  She turned her horse north and rode to the abandoned house of Dwarf Karli, where she had previously taken Major Jonnbo and Edgar to hide from the pirates.  She opened the large door with Dwarf magic and pulled her horse inside.  Once her horse was taken care of, she went to dry off.  
Alex sat alone in the large parlor.  Dry now, she ate some of her rations.  Mellen and Thorne were gone again.  The river was iced up, so she reasoned the only place they could go was the Castle-by-the-Sea.  But how could she get close enough?  They could spot her right away.  Sooner or later, an opportunity had to come her way.  She lay on the sofa and fell asleep.
	
*	*	*

	Two pirate ships pulled up to the small dock at the Castle-by-the-Sea while the rest waited their turn.  The men disembarked and set up camp.  The Elves took over the small castle, but it felt crowded with so many. 
	Thorne didn't care for the castle.  He feared that the Wizard's power hid in the walls.  He'd always noted a change in Mellen's demeanor whenever he allowed one of those Shadows inside him and his friend's loss of memory during those times bothered him.  To this day, Mellen still didn't recall the death of Wizard Mylar or that of the Horseman. 
 
A few days later, a contingent of soldiers rode up to the castle.  They wore the blue and green colors of the twin brothers, Ingma and Sigma who were riding behind Ambassador Wendell.  Ingma was the first born of the twins, but they resembled one another so closely they could substitute for each other without detection.
	"Halt!  State your business."  The guard at the gate held up his hand.  Twenty men, armed with shields and spears, backed him.
	"We wish to do business with the Elf Mellen."  The Ambassador waved his hand.   
	Mellen strolled up arrogantly beside the guards.  "Let them in." The large gate was opened, and the visitors were allowed to enter the compound.  
"Ambassador Wendell, good to see you.  My messenger found you."  Mellen smiled--he trusted the Ambassador in spite of the fact he was a mortal.  He even shook hands with him.
	"Mellen, may I present Ingma and Sigma.  They are the sons of Pashamon.  They want to help you in exchange for your assistance with Sarga."
	"Gentlemen, I welcome you," Mellen said, shaking hands with both men.  "Come in."  He led them inside, but he already knew the twins.  They were arrogant and spoiled, but if they were willing to work with him, they might be useful.

	Once they were seated inside, Ingma began the negotiations.  "Mellen, our business is this--Uncle Sarga will never allow you to use Agana as a base of operations, but we would.  If you help us, we'll help you," Ingma said.  The twins smiled simultaneously.
	"What do you mean by help?"
"If you help us get rid of Sarga, you can use the port as much as you want, so long as you pay us a fee, of course."
"If you wish to kill Sarga, you must do it."
"Why can't you use the Shadows?  I know you can."
"You must do your share or find someone else."
The twins exchanged glances.  After a period of silence, Ingma said, "Very well.  We'll do it."
	Mellen rubbed his chin.  "I also need ships.  I need five hundred lightning ships."
	"Uncle Sarga has hundreds of them.  We can spare some, once they're ours."
	"Good."  Mellen nodded. 
	"You'll also owe us a fee every time you use the port."
	"That's standard procedure." 
	"So you agree?  Do we have your hand in a bond of trust?"  Ingma extended his hand. 
	"Of course."  Mellen shook hands with them and forced a smile.  "Gentleman, join us and celebrate this occasion with some food."  Mellen turned to Thorne and nodded.
	"I didn't know Elves ate food," Ingma said.
	"Of course we do.  Forgive our poor selection.  Our women aren't here to fix it properly."  Mellen waved his hand over the large trays of breads, fruits, and meats.
  	The twins ate and talked with the Elves for several more hours to fine-tune the plans.  
	
As he watched the twins leave, Mellen smiled.  Five hundred lightning ships would allow him to strike the island at will.  The small coaster ships could be adapted for quick raids and were key to his plan.  It was finally coming together.  
Chapter 31

STRANDED

The next day, the ship Locust left Nyla early in the morning.  Seculus was concerned that the build-up of ice would trap them in port.  However, he soon found out that the ship couldn't get far along the Eastern River due to a barge collision caused by an ice jam near the river's mouth.
With no other choice, Seculus returned to Nyla to wait it out.  He knew it could take several weeks to clear.  When the ship returned, he found lodging at the Garrison for his crew and passengers.  It was too cold to stay on the ship, even for the Elves.

 With time on their hands, Olivia and John decided to get acquainted with some of the soldiers.  At the dining hall, they joined a table with two young men.
"Hi, my name's Olivia, and this is my husband, John.  May we join you?"  She set her tray down on the table.
"Sure, help yourself.  You're that hotshot reporter from Southport, aren't you?" one of the soldiers asked.
"Nothing hot about it.  What's your name?" 
"Corporal Peters."
"And yours?"  Olivia turned to the other soldier.
He frowned.  "I'd rather not tell you."
"Why not?"  Olivia gave him a friendly smile.
"The Colonel gave us a briefing about you.  We can get in trouble for talking to you."
"I see.  How long have you been here?"
"A few years."  Peters jumped in.  "I wish there was a way to get back home.  Do you know of anyone trying to escape the island?"
"I heard the Elves are planning something.  I just don't know when.  Who are the blondes?"  Olivia pointed at the Scinthians who came in the dining hall.  By now, she knew who they were, but had never met any.
Peters grinned.  "Scinthians.  I've met a few."
"What are they doing here?  Riding out the winter?"
"Training.  They came here to learn how to be soldiers.  I'd volunteer to go home with them to help them out, but the Colonel won't let us.  He said we're needed here.  I guess he'd just send his foster daughter, Alex.  She's their training officer."
"Isn't she the Governor's ward?"
"She is, but man, can she fight.  She even killed that damned Wizard.  I heard that she's supposed to track down that Mellen guy, too.  I wouldn't want that mission.  We've been looking for him for a long time."
"Peters, you better shut your trap."  The other soldier nudged him in the side.  
"Why?  It's the truth," he protested.
"You heard the Colonel."
"What about the Colonel?"  Olivia asked.
"I'm getting out of here."  The other soldier picked up his tray and left.
Peters waved him off.  "Don't pay any attention to him.  Anyway, she's a damned good tracker.  I've seen her in action.  She rescued me out of a dungeon a few months ago."
"How do you know she killed the Wizard?"
"I talked to the Governor's butler, Younger.  He told me he helped carry the body out of the Governor's bedroom and burned it.  He thought it was strange there weren't any visible wounds on the body, and she was the only person in the room who could have killed him.  The Governor couldn't do it." 
"Why couldn't he?"
"Have you met him?  He couldn't kill a fly."
"How could she kill him without leaving any visible wounds?"
"Because she's a tracker.  She'd know how to do it."
Olivia paused.  "What's a tracker?"
"You know, special operations forces--black ops, assassinations, that sort of stuff.  That's why her code name is the Black Elf.  It fits."
"The Black Elf?"
"Yes, ma'am, that's her.  Listen, promise you won't tell anyone I told you this."  He leaned forward; his chin almost touched the top of the table.
"I protect my sources."  Olivia assured him.
"Good, if the Colonel finds out, he'll hang me."  Peters put his hand to his neck like he was holding a noose. 
"When did you see her in action?"
"Actually, it was twice.  The first time was when I was on a mission to Pashkina with the Governor.  Pashamon wouldn't let us soldiers into the city, so we had to go home.  We found out later that she killed this guy--Ratcliffe.  He was the King of the Pirates, and she murdered him in cold blood.  No one suspected her, but they arrested the Governor and his aides.  She had to break them out of prison.  Then, a few months later, I was assigned to a unit that got captured by Pashamon's soldiers.  We were beaten and put in a dungeon.  She got us out."
"How?"
"She has this magic key that can open any door on the island.  She sneaked into the dungeon, unlocked the door, and let us out."
Olivia furrowed her brow.  "You're kidding.   Why are you telling me this?"
"I think she deserves more credit, but they won't give it to her.  No one is allowed to say anything about her.  It's top secret."
"How old is she?"
"Don't know for sure.  She's young, younger than me."  He pointed to his chest.
"Do they let others in that young?"
"No way.  But she's been training for a long time.  My boss, Major Nichols, said she was even disguised as a boy to go to the Sword Academy."
"Why on earth would anyone allow a girl to do that?"
"Because we're on Seaward Isle.  I don't think this is earth.  It's like hell here."  
"Does she have any family?"
"She has a brother--he's just one of the guys."  He shrugged.
"Where is he?" Olivia asked.
"He's at the Regimental Headquarters in Verity.  They're keeping him because he won the sword tournament." 
"Do you know any of the Scinthian girls I could talk to about her?"  Olivia pointed at the blondes.
"They won't talk to you about her.  They're even more protective than the Colonel is.  Well, I have to get going.  Remember, don't use my name."
"I won't.  Thanks."  Olivia waved as the young soldier scurried away, carrying his tray.

John and Olivia sat alone at the table.
"I told you there was more to this story than what the Governor said.  What do you think, John?"
He whistled softly.  "This is one busy girl.  So long as she keeps doing her job, she'll continue to get these assignments.  If she's after Mellen, he'd better watch out." 
"I just have this gut feeling there's even more.  I'm missing something."  Olivia pressed her lips together.  "I'll be right back."  She went over to a table, filled with Scinthian girls.  "Hello, my name is Olivia Richards.  I'm a journalist for the King's Weekly Journal in Southport.  I was wondering if I could ask you some questions."
"About what?"  One of the girls asked.
"What is your name?"  Olivia targeted the young woman.
"What do you want to know?" she asked.
"You have a training officer by the name of Alex, is that correct?"
"Yes."  The girls exchanged glances.
"Can you tell me where I can find her?"
"No, we have to go now.  It's been a pleasure to have met you."  The girls stood up and left the dining hall without finishing their meals.  
Olivia returned to John.  "They won't talk."
"Good security."  
 
By early afternoon, John and Olivia had run out of distractions and wanted to use their time more productively.  Olivia found an old typewriter in the administration office and drafted an article on their adventure in the Green Stone Mine.  John found an ongoing construction project, fixing one of the rooms at the Garrison and volunteered to help.
After completing her article, Olivia thought it would be a good opportunity to get back into shape and approached Colonel Penser.  
"Colonel, would it be all right to use the sword room during off-duty hours?  We want to work on our Tae-Kwon-Do."
"Why don't you join my son-in-law Edgar?  He has a martial arts class after work."
"If he doesn't mind.  We'd love to."
Olivia and John joined the class that afternoon and found out that Edgar was also an American and a former member of the U.S. Navy SEAL team.  He'd been stranded here for almost five years.  
"Edgar, I understand your Colonel Penser's son-in-law.  Wouldn't that make you related to Lady Alexin?"  Olivia asked.
"You mean Alex?  Yeah, she's my sister-in-law."
"Did you train her in the martial arts?"
"Sorry, I make it a point not to talk about another tracker.  Are you coming back tomorrow?"
"If we aren't too sore, we will."  Olivia laughed.
"Why don't you bring your Elf friends with you?  I'd like to train with them."
"I'll ask.  Thanks."  Olivia shook his hand as she left with John.  As they headed back to the dining hall, Olivia said, "John, no one will talk about that girl."
"I told you.  It's top secret."
Olivia told Seculus about the class and he agreed to go the next day.  Soon, all of his Elves attended.  
      
After three more weeks, the river was reported to be clear again, and Seculus prepared to sail.  Olivia and John packed up and boarded the ship.  It was time to leave.
Chapter 32

PIRATE MOLE

	Another week passed for Alex before the weather cleared.  She relaxed in Dwarf Karli's home until she was bored and looked forward to leaving.  After checking the weather, she packed up and prepared for the trip west.  By now, she knew Mellen had returned to the Castle-by-the-Sea when she overheard more Elfspeak.  
	"Mellen, we must do something about Tarsin."  Thorne grimaced.
	"What do you suggest?  The others will side with him.  We need him to train these mortals."
	"You shouldn't let him talk to you like that."
	Mellen rubbed his temples.  "I can't think straight with this headache.  Didn't you find any willow bark?"
	"I sent the men out, and they returned with several kinds of bark."
	"I need willow bark."
	"They claim they can't find any willow trees near the castle."
	Alex smiled as their voices faded.  She wasn't sure what was causing the discord, but was hopeful that it would bring an end to their joint effort before the spring thaw.  Noting that Mellen's headaches had continued, she considered sending him a brain buster now, but realized that she didn't have any willow bark either.  Instead, she reported in Elfspeak to Prince Darin to check on his condition and provided a quick update before mounting up and moving out.

	After several days of travel, she stopped on a ridge, overlooking the castle and saw a column of soldiers, riding away.  One side of the column had green flags and the other blue.  Even for Aganan forces, this was an odd formation.  Normally, a flag had multiple colors, not one color per flag.  She had never known there to be such a coalition.
She eluded the patrols and rode into the village of Winden, which was completely deserted.  All of the cottages were vacant, and some had been damaged by fire.  It looked like a ghost town. 
The barn was still usable, however, so Alex took her horse in, closed the door securely, and set him up with feed and water.  She brushed him down.  After that, she went to the witches' cottage, the only one left undamaged.  She went in, but heard men talking nearby and hid under the bed.
	A man kicked the door open and looked in.  
	"Hold on, Fingers, it's the witches' old hut.  It's haunted."  A second man stood outside.
	"Blimey, you don't believe in that shit, do you?"  
	"Aye, I do.  Strange things happen in there.  I seen it."  The man's eyes widened with fear as he pointed to the hut.
	"If you didn't break that bottle, we wouldn't have to do this.  Thorne said we had to look for some potion in a bottle."
	"I ain't going in."
	"You wait here, and I'll be back."  Fingers stepped inside. 

	Eyes wide, Alex listened to the creaking floorboards as the man went through the front of the house.  She remained motionless under the bed.  The man entered the bedroom and rifled through the bottles on the shelf.  Alex took a peek at him from her hiding place and saw the back of his worn navy blue jacket covered by a mop of scraggly brown hair.  Suddenly, he chuckled and covered his mouth.  
"Whiskey."  He took a swig from the bottle and exhaled.  After replacing the cork, he slid it into his pocket. 
	"Hey, Fingers!  What'd you find?"  The other man stood outside the open front door.  
	"Nothing.  Just empty bottles."
	"You got something.  I heard you laughing.  What was it?"
	The other man stepped in and reached for his pocket, but Fingers wouldn't hand over the bottle.  The two men scuffled in the next room, breaking the bottle on the floor.  

During the commotion, Alex pulled out the book of spells from the box under the bed and whispered:  

Broom, broom, sweep the floor,
Take the dust out the door.

The straw broom in the corner sprang to life and swept the floor on its own.  The two men stared at it and screamed.  Terrified, their eyes wide; they waved their arms wildly as they ran out of the little cottage.
	Alex doubled over in silent laughter, until she heard the voice of her friend, Noel.  
	"Hey, where're you blokes going?"  Noel stood outside, watching the men run away. 
 	Alex got up and looked out the window.  She wanted to talk Noel and knew he could tell her about Mellen.  She saw him heading to the barn, so she ran after him, entering through the side door and closed it behind her.
"Noel," she whispered.
	He stared at her in shock.  "What are you doing here?  I told you to leave."
	"I did, but I came back.  I've been worried about you."  
	"I'm all right, but you've got to get out of here.  Is this your horse?"  He threw a blanket on her horse's back and got the saddle.
	"Why don't you leave with me?"
	"I can't.  They'll come looking for me."  He stopped and looked at her.  "Look, I know this was a bloody mistake, but I made it.  There's nothing I can do about it now, except keep you out of trouble.  Get the hell out of here before anyone shows up."
	"What's going to happen to you?"  
	"There's something strange going on.  I was helping inside when these men came by yesterday with a lot of soldiers.  Two of them were twins.  The other man was an ambassador or someone dignified like that.  They told Mellen that if he helped them take over Agana, he could use the port at will.  See?  It's going to be mad in a few weeks.  Get out now."  He strapped the saddle on her horse and put the bridle on.  "I'll be all right."  He handed her the reins.  "Get out of here."
	Alex took the reins and led her horse into the woods.  She mounted up and watched Noel leave without looking back.  She rode into the woods onto a rise.  When she saw more men on the beach, she rode away.
	
	As soon as she reached the face of the mountain, large raindrops fell from the sky, then lightning cracked above her head, and Alex sought shelter.  She found nothing on the path she was on, so she turned to the right.  When lightning flashed again, she saw a small cave ahead and went for it.  She dismounted and led Fairmount inside.  
	The cave was large enough for both of them, but more importantly, it was dry.  Alex took the saddle off her horse and wiped him down.  Then she set up camp.
	A small fire warmed the cave and dried her clothes.  She heated her food and made some tea before she put out the fire.  She finished eating and lay down on her bedroll, listening to the storm and thinking about Noel.  There wasn't anything she could do to help him--it was too late.  
She propped her head on her saddle and understood his problem.  Her situation wasn't much different.  At this point, she was stuck with her mission and couldn't get out of it.  Now, she was the only one who knew what the pirates were about to do and had to do something about it.  If she didn't, the pirates would win, and what good was there in that?  She resolved to continue on and went to sleep to the sound of rain.  
In the morning, it was still raining.  She groaned and rolled over on her back, noticing a Dwarf marking on the ceiling above her head.  As she tried to read it, she determined that it was part of a Dwarf word, but it was incomplete and located in an unusual spot.  She decided to try using the standard Dwarf spells.  
	"Korunda sita."  She rose, waiting to see what would happen.  The wall behind her opened slowly.  Once inside, she found a messy stack of dragon torches, which was odd since Dwarves were usually very neat.  She lit one and entered cautiously.  The entryway was empty, save for some scattered trash.  A loaf of bread she found was so old and dehydrated that it fell apart when she touched it.  Paper disintegrated when she picked it up to read it.  Whatever had happened here, the Dwarves left long ago and in a hurry.    
As she wandered around, she found some strange symbols carved into the wall.  There were four large squares with lines and squiggles inside each box, unlike anything written by the Dwarves.  She ran her hand over the strange carvings and found the Dwarf symbol for gold on another wall.  
A trail of gold nuggets led her to another chamber.  Her first thought was of Beren and filled her pouch to get enough gold to rebuild her father's house.  As she followed the trail to the next room, she found it was filled with hundreds of old chests.  One had broken, accounting for the nuggets on the floor, but the others were locked and stacked on top of each other.  
Alex opened one with her key, finding it full of gold nuggets.  She closed it and locked it again.  Why was the gold in the form of nuggets?  She snapped her fingers.  This must be the Lost Gold of the Dwarves, the legend her Dwarf friend Sarina had told her about long ago.  If so, she had to keep it secret and hidden until she could tell the Dwarves where it was located. 
Alex closed the Dwarf door and glanced around the surrounding area.  The rain had stopped, and she could see the top of the red castle.  She'd wandered too close to Mellen's stronghold.  
Just then, an image of Mellen's face flashed in her mind.  She closed her eyes to listen.
	"Thorne, go to the Witches of Winden.  I need the potion and some willow bark."
	"I'll send some men, but the Water Elf will be watching for us."
	"Tell them to get back quickly."  Mellen's face was contorted with pain.
	
Alex decided it was time to give Prince Darin an update, so she closed her eyes and pictured his handsome face. 
	"Prince Darin, may I speak?"  
	"Alex, did you find Mellen?"
	"Yes, he's back at the Castle-by-the-Sea with a lot of men.  I believe he's about to begin some sort of operation in Agana.  I found out that he met with two men who are twins.  He's also sending some men to the Witches of Winden in Southport for some potion.  I thought you should know." 
	"Do you have any idea when this operation will begin?"
	"Whenever the river thaws.  Have you ever heard of these twins?"
	"Yes, they're Pashamon's sons.  Get word to Sarga--he needs to know right away.  I'll take care of those men when they get to Southport."
	"Are you feeling all right?"
	"Much better." 
	"I'll leave right now."  Alex opened her eyes and glanced at her clothes.  No one would let her in the palace looking like she did.  Maybe Rosa could get her in to see her brother-in-law, Kamlan who could take her to Sarga.  

	Alex rode away from the little cave, and within hours, she arrived at the crowded stables outside of Agana and boarded her horse.  It was back to normal, crowded and free to anyone going to the market.  
	Alex wandered the aisles, searching for Rosa and her sister.  After several hours, she found them, packing up for the day.
	"Hi, Rosa."  Alex trotted up to her.  "Are you closing already?"
	"The market closes early in the winter.  What are you doing here?" 
	"I need to talk to Sarga.  I thought Kamlan could get me in to see him."
	"Come to the house with us," Rosa said.
	"I'll get my horse from the stables.  You can load him up with your things."  Alex ran back to the stables and pulled her horse to the stand where they placed large bundles on his back.	"What have you been up to?"  Rosa asked as they left.  "You're always into something."
	"Well, let's see.  Since last I saw you, I met my Elf grandmother; my brother Beren, won the sword tournament, and Mala got married to Governor Tyrone."  
	Rosa raised her eyebrows.  "All that?"
	"I've been busy.  Do you think Kamlan will help me?"  
	"I'm sure it won't be a problem.  But you need to clean up first.  I hardly recognize you." 
Rosa led her home.  She had a room in the back of Kamlan's house that she shared with Jilla.  They unloaded the goods, and Jilla took Alex and her horse to the stables at the end of the street.  They returned to the house, where Alex put her bedroll and rucksack on the floor.
On the way to the bathhouse, Rosa asked, "What do you need to talk to Kamlan about?"   
	"The pirates are preparing to attack Agana soon."
	"How did you find out?"
	"I talked to one.  He was a friend of mine."
	Rosa gasped.  "You have a mole in their organization?"
	"I'll explain everything to Kamlan.  Thanks, Rosa."  Alex went in to bathe.

	Later, Kamlan came home.  The family gathered for supper, and Rosa introduced Alex to him again.  
"Good to see you, Alex.  Welcome to my home.  What brings you here?"
	"A few days ago, I found out that some men met with the Elf Mellen to plan an attack against Sarga as soon as the river thaws.  Then, they'll allow the pirates to use the port of Agana at will."
	"Who were these men?"  
	"I was told they were twins.  I didn't get any names, but Prince Darin thought they could be Pashamon's sons.  Do you know who they are?"
	Holding his temper in check, Kamlan clenched his jaw.  "Yes, I know them well.  We must tell Sarga tonight.  I will take you to see him now."  He grabbed a cloak at the front door and put it on while Alex ran to get hers.  When she returned, he took her to the palace.
Chapter 33

RAISING THE ALARM

	At the palace, Alex waited in a comfortable chair in the study.  Her eyes closed, and she napped until the door opened, when Sarga entered.  She jumped to her feet and saluted.
	"Alex, please tell me what you heard."
	"Of course."  Alex relayed her story again.  
	"Who told you this?  Is this person reliable?"
	"Yes, he was a stable boy in Riverton.  He admitted that he'd made a mistake joining the pirates, but he refused to leave them."
	"You said this was to occur in a few weeks.  Do you have any more specific information?"
	"No, the only thing he said was that it would be mad in a few weeks.  Do you know who the twins are?"
	"Yes, there is only one set of twins in my family--my nephews, Ingma and Sigma, Pashamon's sons."  He put his hands on his hips and grimaced.
	"When I was near the Castle-by-the-Sea, I saw a column riding away with green flags on one side and blue on the other.  Was that them?  Oh wait.  My friend also said there was another man with them--he was an ambassador or someone like that."
	"Ambassador?"  Sarga frowned.  "We need a plan quickly, Kamlan.  What do you suggest?" 
	Kamlan rubbed his beard as he paced.  "Of course, you must increase security in the palace.  You must also find out who will support the twins if they try anything.  Perhaps we should interview them.  They're weak-minded."  He paused.  "Which ambassador, I wonder?"
	"I'm sure Prince Darin will help you if you ask him.  If he knows Mellen will be here, he'll want to come," Alex said.
	"Can you ask him?  I'll send a letter with you to request his help."
	"Of course.  What about Lord Ellsworth and Lord Pallis?"
	"Yes, I'll ask for their help as well.  Kamlan, we must prepare letters."  
Kamlan pulled out some paper from the desk.  He sat down and began to write.
Sarga stood to the side and looked at Alex.  "I cannot write, Alex." 
"Did you hurt your hand?" 
"No, I never learned how.  To me, the letters appear jumbled, out of order, sometimes backwards.  Kamlan writes very well in all languages.  He's been doing this for me since we were children."  He patted him gently on the shoulder.
"Sarga, what date should we use?"  Kamlan asked.
"Use the spring solstice.  The river will begin to thaw by then.  The pirates will need it."  He stared out the window. 
Kamlan finished the letters for Prince Darin and the King of Southport, handing both to Alex.  They were short requests, but he told her to fill in the rest.  He would deliver the other letter to Captain Lawrence, the temporary emissary from Northeast Forest.
"Why is Captain Lawrence here?" Alex asked.
"Ambassador Wendell was called back to Verity several weeks ago.  Captain Lawrence has been filling in since then.  The Ambassador should return shortly," Kamlan said.
"You know, I'll be using the tunnel from the palace--it's the fastest way since the river's frozen over.  It'd be the fastest way for Captain Lawrence, too.  Is he near by?"
"Yes, he lives in the building behind the palace with the other emissaries.  I'll have someone bring him here."  He called for a servant to fetch him. 

A few minutes later, Captain Lawrence came in.  He saluted Sarga.  "What can I do for you, Lord Sarga?"  
"I need to have you deliver an urgent message to your brother, the King."  Sarga took the letter from Kamlan.
"Of course, what is it about, if I may ask?"  
"I've been informed that the Elf Mellen has made an agreement with my nephews, Ingma and Sigma.  He will help them assume power over Agana in exchange for unlimited port rights.  I will need your King's help to stop them."  Sarga handed him the letter.
The Captain took the letter and perused it quickly.  "Unlimited port rights?  Yes, of course.  I'll take it to him right away.  How soon do you think this will happen?"
"In a few weeks around the spring solstice."  
Captain Lawrence sighed.  "It'll take me that long to get to Verity in this weather."
"I have a guide who can get you there much sooner."  Sarga turned to Alex.
"Alex?"  Captain Lawrence grinned and shook her hand.  "Did you tell Sarga about this?"  He held up the letter.  
Alex nodded.
"How are we going to get back?  The river's frozen over, and the ferry's shut down.  It'll take us weeks by horse," the Captain said.
"I know another way.  Can you leave now?"
"Sure."   
"Have a safe journey, Captain," Sarga said.  "Tell your brother that his assistance will be most welcome."
Alex went to the teacart and filled her pocket with biscuits, handing some to Captain Lawrence.
Then, she led him to the basement.  They passed by the armory to a locked door, where Alex used her Dwarf key to unlock it.  She pulled an old-fashioned torch, made of straw and tar, out of a bin in the hall and lit it.  Captain Lawrence did the same.  She opened the door and told him to go in first, so she could lock the door behind them, and they went downstairs into the tunnel.
"What's this?"  Captain Lawrence asked.
"A tunnel.  The Dwarves used it to transport goods to the river." 
"How'd you ever find it?"  He held up his hands.  "Don't tell me.  I probably won't believe it.  How long will it take us to get back home?"
"A few hours.  We'll go straight north under the Eastern River instead of going around the mountains."
"No kidding?"  The Captain nodded.  "I wish I knew about this before."     
As they marched along, Alex asked, "How long have you been in Agana?"  
"A few months.  Have you talked to Jeffrey?"
"I have.  We're coming up to the city of Orunga now.  Let's take a short break and change out our torches.  These won't last much longer."  She picked up a dragon torch and lit it, handing it to Captain Lawrence.  
He rolled the old torches on the ground to put them out and set them against the wall. 
Alex found fresh water, and they ate the rest of the biscuits.  She handed him a sweetpod that grew from some roots in the ceiling and showed him how to eat it.  The pod itself was white, but it was filled with juicy, green seeds that were delicious. This variety tasted like an apple.  
They moved on.  On the other side of the city, they turned left to the River Tunnel.  It was cold and icy in patches, so they marched on slowly.  After several hours, they came up to a wall. 
"Korunda sita," Alex said, opening the door in the wall.
The Captain simply shook his head in amazement.  "What does that mean?"  
"It means open for a friend in Dwarf."    
Outside, it was cold and snowing, but at least, it was light.  Alex turned the torch upside-down and left it at the cave entrance. 
"Gut mirra don," she said to close it.
"Now, what does that mean?" he asked.
"It means close the door."  
"No wonder Jeffrey calls you a witch.  Where are we anyway?"
"The Scinthian camp is around here somewhere."  Alex headed out in the snow and hoped a Scinthian would see her and come over.  Soon, Lila came riding up.  
"There's Lila."  Alex waved her down.
Lila screamed with delight.  "Alex, what are you doing here?"
"I have to get Captain Lawrence to Verity.  Is Sola back there?" 
"Yes, come on."  Lila tried to turn the horse around, to no avail. 
Captain Lawrence grabbed the bridle and turned the horse, following Alex to the camp where they found Sola.
"Sola, how are you this morning?"  Alex waved at her.
She laughed.  "Alex, you show up at the most unexpected times.  What are you doing here?" 
"I need to get Captain Lawrence to Verity.  We have to borrow some horses." 
"I have to tell Thania, first.  I'll be right back."  Sola ran inside and returned with Thania.

Thania nodded to Captain Lawrence.  "Good morning, Captain.  What are you doing here, Alex?"
"I brought Captain Lawrence from Agana.  He has to deliver a message to Lord Ellsworth."  Alex held hers up.  "It's urgent."
"Why is it urgent?"  
"The Elf Mellen plans to help some men take over Agana.  Sarga needs help." 
"Why didn't you say so?  Sola, get a couple of horses ready for them.  Did you eat anything yet?  Come inside while Sola gets them ready," Thania said.   
Captain Lawrence sat in the dining room while Thania went to get Major Nita, and Lila left to have some food brought in.  
"Captain Lawrence, welcome," Major Nita said.  
"Thank you, Major."  He stood up and saluted as two girls brought in some breakfast.
"Please sit down and eat.  Now, my dear wandering Scout, where have you been?"
Alex grinned.  "Mellen is planning an attack against Sarga, so he wants as much help as he can get.  Captain Lawrence has a message for Lord Ellsworth.  I have some messages for Prince Darin and the King of Southport."  She turned to the Captain.  "Finish up, Captain.  We need to get going, and Lila has to get to the Regiment."  She nodded to Lila as she sat down.
"Don't rush on my account," Lila said.
"Captain Lawrence, before we leave, you must swear that you won't reveal the location of this camp under any circumstances," Alex said.
"Don't worry.  I haven't got the slightest idea where I am."  He laughed and finished his breakfast.  
Within minutes, they mounted up and rode off.
Chapter 34

SENSE OF URGENCY

	Captain Lawrence, Alex, and Lila rode north through the forest from the Scinthian camp.  The snow was melting, and the sun was out.  About an hour away at the edge of the forest, Captain Lawrence turned right and headed to Verity.  The walled city could be seen in the distance on top of a rise.  Alex and Lila rode on to the Regiment, a few more miles north.
	"Have you and Beren set up your wedding date?"  Alex asked.
	"No."  Lila frowned and stared at the saddle.
	"What's wrong?  You're not your usual self."
	"What's the use?  Beren won't marry me without a dowry." 
	"Didn't you give him the gold I gave you?"
	Lila shook her head.  "I can't take it, Alex.  It's for Beren to build the house."
	"And won't you be living in that house?"
	"Well yes, but--"
	"It's all right.  I know where there's more."   
	Lila's face brightened.  "Seriously, Alex?  You're the best."
	Once they arrived at the Regiment, Alex helped Lila dismount her horse.
	"Are you coming back soon?"  Lila asked. 
	"I certainly hope so.  I'm just not sure when."  Alex got back on her horse.  "Don't wait for me."

	As the stable boy took her horse, Lila smiled and waved as Alex rode out of the Regiment.  But as soon as Lila went inside, Colonel Jeffrey blocked her path.
	"Where's Alex?  She was with you."  
	"She left.  I don't know where she went."  
	"Yes, you do."  He leaned forward to intimidate her. 
	"I didn't ask her."
	"I know you know where she went.  You're her friend."
	Lila screamed and ran downstairs, shouting for Beren.
	"Lila, what is it?"  Beren asked.
	"Colonel Jeffrey asked me where Alex went.  I told him that I didn't know, but he's pissed off.  Beren, I don't know.  Really!"  Lila put her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes.
	Colonel Jeffrey heard her in the basement and came downstairs.  Lila cried out when she saw him.  
	Beren held her in his arms.  "Colonel, Lila said she doesn't know where Alex was going, and I believe her.  You know how secretive Alex can be.  She's like that even with Lila."
	"I'm sorry, Lila.  I didn't mean to frighten you.  I just want to talk to her, but she avoids me."  
	"I don't blame her.  I don't want to talk to you either."  Lila was concerned about him, but he wasn't nice to Alex.  The healers had shown her the bruises on Alex's arms where Colonel Jeffrey had torn her shoulder wound open and held her for the Shadow at the party.  Alex also had bruises on her face where he had hit her.    

	Beren stared hard at Colonel Jeffrey as he left.  He had his doubts about the Colonel's story.  At first, Beren had been angry with Alex, but when he heard that Hodges was the pirate spy, the Horseman, he put the pieces together.  He had never believed the rumor that Alex was a tracker, but Lila confirmed it.  His sister had killed the pirate spy, and the Colonel had lied to protect his brother's reputation.  Beren held onto Lila until she stopped crying and wondered what was to become of his half-sister.    

*	*	*

	Captain Lawrence arrived at the palace in Verity a short while later and went to his brother's office.  
	"Lawrence, when did you get back?"  Lord Ellsworth embraced him.
	"This morning.  Alex brought me back, somehow."
	"Where is she?"
	"She went to see Prince Darin.  She's delivering the same message to him and the King of Southport.  It's from Sarga.  There's a new threat from Mellen.  He plans to help Pashamon's twin sons, Ingma and Sigma, take over Agana, so he can get unlimited port access."  He handed him the letter.
	Ellsworth read it carefully.  "It says he expects this to happen by the spring solstice.  That's not far away.  Did he say what he needed?"
	"No, I don't think he knew.  Alex told him about it, but she didn't have any more details."  
	"Where did she get this information?"
	"She said she met a pirate she knew.  He told her that the operation was to begin in a few weeks.  He said that it would be mad.  By the way, have you seen Wendell?  Your secretary said he hasn't been here."
	"No, why?  He should have been with you in Agana."  He paused.
	"He told me that he had an urgent message from you to return to Verity over a month ago."  Lawrence frowned, feeling uneasy.  "What's going on?" 

*	*	*

	Alex rode to her cousin's fortress, where she was taken in to see Prince Darin.  He sat up in bed, but still looked quite pale.
	"Prince Darin, are you still sick?"  Alex saluted and curtsied. 
	"I improve every day.  Now, what have you got?"  He waved his hand at her impatiently when he saw the letters in her hand.
	"This is from Sarga.  He needs your help."  Alex handed him one of the letters.  "And he needs this one delivered to Lord Pallis.  It says the same thing."  She handed him the other letter.
	The Prince read it slowly and leaned back, his jaw tightening.  Then, he said:

Storms that circle the island pay heed to me,
Strike the island at the Castle-by-the-Sea.

Outside, a long crack of lightning stretched across the sky.  Alex stared out the window at the black clouds.  Lightning flashed again, and thunder boomed.  
	"Prince Darin, you should see this storm.  It's really bad."  
	"How does it look to the east?"
	"Worse."  
	"Good, I don't think Mellen's men can get through.  Get away from the window, Alex."  Prince Darin closed his eyes. 
	Lightning crackled across the sky once more. 
	"So you're the one doing that," Alex said.
	He laughed, and his color seemed to improve.
	"Can you make them go away?" she asked.
	"No, I can only bring them on shore."
	"Can all Elves do this?"
	"Some do better than others.  These storms around the island are indestructible.  Lord Odin and I have tried all sorts of methods to make them stop.  We tried focusing our thoughts on them and even made potions that were sprinkled at sea.  Lord Odin created a number of spells, including this one."  
	Alex smiled and laughed silently, thinking of Mellen and his men drenched by the storms. 

*	*	*

	At the Castle-by-the-Sea, Mellen frowned at the lightning.  The storm moved in quickly, even though he tried to turn it away with a spell.  Men ran to the ships to pull them away from shore to minimize damage, but sailing anywhere was out of the question.  When the rain stopped, it began to snow and continued all through the night.  Although the sea didn't freeze, large chunks of ice floated on the water.  It was impossible to move out.  It would delay operations, but wouldn't stop them.  
Mellen paced around the castle.  He didn't like being cooped up, but had no choice for now.  Pounding his fist in his hand, he wondered how Prince Darin had survived both attacks from Tarsin and his sister Tarsill.  How did he do that?  The Prince's energy was getting stronger.  
And where was Tarsill?  He hadn't been able to reach her for weeks now.  He grinned as he thought about his last conversation with her.  It was so easy to make her jealous of Celene.
Lord Odin's survival was another question.  How did he do it?  Mellen leaned against the wall and stared out to sea.  The spring solstice wasn't far away.  As he paced, he felt a sense of urgency in his gut and a throbbing in his head.   

Chapter 35

AMBASSADOR

	Ambassador Wendell left the Castle-by-the-Sea before the storm hit, but when it did, he sought shelter in the small village of Winden.  He ran into the witches' cottage and waited, leaving his horse outside.  He sat at the table, watching water drip through the thatched roof to form a puddle in the middle of the floor.  As he waited for the storm to pass, he pulled out a flask of whiskey from his pocket and raised it in the air.
"Here's to you, Hodges.  I miss you, my friend."  He drank a toast to his dead friend.  "What the hell am I doing here?"  He ran his fingers through his hair and covered his face.  "I should be home with Amanda, taking care of her.  Can you hear me, Hodges?  This is all because of you."  He shook his fist at the ceiling.  "Oh sure, I'm the Ambassador--did you know that?  I took over after you died.  The King pays me well, even though the kingdom is bankrupt.  So, where is he getting the money?"  He took another sip of whiskey.  
"Now Hodges, I want you to level with me.  How did you expect me to do this without you?  You were the brains behind this operation.  I guess I should be more thankful to you.  You and Jeffrey always treated me like a brother, even though I know you two always looked down on me.  So, how did I end up with Amanda, and you didn't?"  He laughed softly to himself.  "I'm just a commoner, no title and no money except what I earn.  Ha!  Amanda loves me, not you--she told me."  He shivered.  "Damn, it's getting cold in here."  
	He got up and staggered.  "Whoa!"  He braced himself against the table and laughed.  He found some logs behind the stove and stumbled around for something to use as kindling.  Under the bed, he found a box with paper in it.  Picking up the little red book with the word, Passport, on the front, he tore it into pieces, placing it in the stove.  Then, he stacked the logs on top of it and lit it with a match.  As it caught fire, it drew away the chill.
	"Ah, that's better."  He sat back in the chair and took another swig of whiskey.  "God, I hope you're taking care of Hodges up there.  Yes, I believe in you, but not always.  I don't think these Aganans believe in you.  They're always plotting against each other."  He took off his cloak, draping it across the table and took another swallow of whiskey.    
"Now, Hodges, it's about time you answered some questions.  Why in the hell did you ever get involved with these pirates?  Especially Mellen.  He's a mean son of a bitch.  Yes, yes, I'm keeping Lawrence out of it.  That's why I left last month.  I didn't want him to know what I was doing.  Don't you see?  Of course, you do--you're up there now.  You see everything, don't you?"  Wendell drained the flask.  "Damn, I'm empty.  I've got to get back to Agana.  Make the rain stop for me, all right?  Hey, did you hear Mellen threaten me during the card game?  That bastard!"  He slammed his fist on the table.  "He said he knew I had a wife and even told me her name was Amanda.  How did he know that?  Did you tell him, Hodges?"  He shook his head.  "No, you wouldn't do that to me.  But what the hell am I going to do?  He could go after her.  God, he gives me the creeps."  He stifled a yawn and felt the room swaying.  
"Hodges, I can't believe I'm going to help those brats become kings.  Is this really worth it?  I like Sarga--he's a good guy, but I'm going to have to stand by and watch him die.  It isn't right.  What am I supposed to do?  You got me into this, Hodges.  Sarga's going to die, so Mellen and his pirates can win.  It's not worth it.  Trust me, it's not, but there's nothing I can do now.  I'm in so deep that I can't get out, and no one can help me."  
Wendell sobbed and lay his head down on the table, falling asleep.
Chapter 36

TARTAN WARNING

	At the Regimental Headquarters in Verity, Colonel Jeffrey found Major Talbot MacLeish, staring out his bedroom window, waiting for him.
	"Mac, what are you doing here?"  Colonel Jeffrey greeted him with a warm smile and handshake.  "I didn't have a chance to talk to you after the sword tournament.  Sorry you lost."  He laughed and punched his friend gently in the arm.  
	MacLeish smiled, but didn't laugh.  "Didn't have a choice.  Your man had me at a disadvantage."  His speech had a strong brogue carried over from his homeland.
	"What do you mean?"
	He grimaced.  "I tried to rape his sister, but he caught me.  He threatened to tell the King."
	"What?"  Jeffrey's jaw slackened.  "Are you serious?  You tried to rape her?"
	"Tried, but wasn't successful.  That got me hackles up--I went after her.  I saw her sword and challenged her.  I ended up with a stinger in me right hand, and when I used me left, she gave me another.  It bothers me when I use them too much."
	"So you threw the match?"  
	"I couldn't use me hands any longer."  He opened and closed them, feeling the pain.
	Jeffrey paused.  "So what are you doing here?  A rematch?  I can find Beren."
	"How secure is this room?  Can anyone hear you?"
	"If I talk loud enough, they can.  Why?"  
	"Then, let's talk very softly.  You've got a problem, me friend.  As a fellow member of the Tartan Watch, it's me obligation to inform you.  Lord Governor Norton of Riverton has come into some papers that implicates Lady Elissa with the pirates.  He took them to King Pallis."  MacLeish drew a deep breath.
	"What kind of papers?"
	"It looked like a journal.  I recognized the handwriting--it belonged to Marcos."
	Jeffrey turned pale.  "How did he get it?"
	"I do not know."
	Jeffrey pressed his lips together and furrowed his brow.  
MacLeish continued.  "So, early this morning, the King called me in to witness Elissa's interview.  He showed her the items your brother gave him--the emerald and diamond necklace, the comb with her name on it, and the jeweled dagger.  Then, he read her several passages from the journal where her name was mentioned, and she began to cry.  She confessed and told him that she was involved with the pirates, because she was in love with Hodges and wanted to help him--and you.  She admitted that she told Hodges the details about the new Southport plan against piracy and that you gave Hodges the Northeast Forest plan to sell to the pirates.  In addition, you were the one who showed Hodges the cave for their stolen goods."
Jeffrey felt dizzy as blood drained from his face.  His body quivered.  
"The list goes on, me friend, including how you brought your own son here to be used as a hostage.  You're in deep trouble.  I can't help you anymore without putting meself in the muck and the mire. Watch your back, Jeffrey." His brogue increased the serious tone of his warning.  He squeezed Jeffrey's shoulder as he left.

	Jeffrey stared out the window, clearly shaken by the news, but his anger rose.  Furious, he slammed his fist against the wall.  He knew the books had been missing, but who…?  
He paused.  It was Alex…it had to be.  She was living next door at the time in Mistress Clarisse's boarding house.  None of this would have happened if she hadn't shown up.  He had to get rid her--marriage was no longer an option.  He wanted her dead. 
But the first thing Jeffrey did was to open his wardrobe and take a long swig from a bottle of whiskey.  He sat in a chair, drumming his fingers on the arm.   He had to find Alex and knew Lila could find out where she was.  He took another long drink of whiskey, put the cork back in the bottle, and returned it to his wardrobe.  Slipping a flask into his pocket, he left.

Downstairs, Colonel Jeffrey saw Lila's horse in the pen and knew she was with Beren.  He had his horse saddled and rode into the forest across from the Regiment.  He waited, sipping on the whiskey from his flask.
	After a while, Lila finally came out of the building, followed by Beren, carrying a large burlap sack.  He put it on the ground and helped Lila on her horse.  The sack was strapped to a packhorse by one of the stable boys, and Beren led her horse out of the pen.  He stood in the courtyard and waited until she got to the woods.  Then he went back inside.
	As she rode along, Lila sang softly until Colonel Jeffrey abruptly appeared in front of her.
	Lila screamed.  "Colonel Jeffrey, you scared me!"  She placed her hand on her chest.
	"Where's Alex?"
	"I haven't seen her since the last time you asked."  Her eyes were wide as saucers.
	He grabbed her arm.
	"Colonel Jeffrey, you're hurting me.  Please, let me go!"
"You will go to the camp and ask around.  Find out where she is.  Do you understand me?  Then, you will tell me.  If you tell anyone you've seen me, I'll kill both you and Beren."
	"I understand."  Lila burst into tears.  "Please, don't hurt us."  She sobbed.  
He grabbed her by the hair and she screamed.  With his jaw clenched, he said, "I'll be in the woods near the camp.  Once you're inside, you'll have an hour.  Don't be late, bitch."  Colonel Jeffrey opened his pocket watch and closed it.  
	He released Lila and slapped her horse to get her moving.  He rode beside her for most of the way, pulling back as they approached the entrance.  Pointing to the right, he turned his horse to the woods.  

Lila continued on, wiping away her tears.  She took several deep breaths as she rode into camp.  	"Sola, unload the packhorse for me.  Just put the bag in the storeroom.  I'll sort it out later."
	"I'll be glad when Alex gets back," Sola grumbled.
	"Where'd she go?"
	"I don't know.  She left with you.  Didn't you ask her?"  
	"No," Lila said, wringing her hands.  "Did she tell you when's she coming back?"  
	"You know her.  Who knows?  Are you all right?"  Sola looked at her curiously.
	Lila spun away and ran inside, asking everyone about Alex.  Then, she saw Thania in line for supper.  She ran up to her, tugging on her arm.  "Thania, Sola said you talked to Alex recently.  I really need to talk to her about my wedding plans.  Have you seen her?"  
	"She went to see Prince Darin to give him an urgent message."  Thania wrinkled her brow, noticing her tear-stained face and worried expression.  "Is something wrong?"
Lila gasped and sprinted away.  
Thania raised an eyebrow and sat down to eat.  She was soon joined by Sola, who mentioned Lila's odd behavior.  Thania nodded in agreement.
	Relieved, Lila ran out of the cave into the forest to find the Colonel.  "Colonel Jeffrey!  Colonel Jeffrey!"  She ran wildly through the woods.
	The Colonel put his flask of whiskey away and stepped out from behind the bushes, grabbing her arm.  She screamed, and he quickly covered her mouth with his hand.
	"Where is she?"
	"She went to see Prince Darin in Southport." 
	"Damn it!"  He pushed her away.  "Don't say anything."  He pointed his finger at her. 
	Lila nodded and ran back to her room to hide.  She didn't know what to do. 
	Colonel Jeffrey mounted his horse and returned to the Regiment.  If Alex was with the Elves, she was protected--for now.  He needed to find her alone somewhere.  
Chapter 37

FOUL PLAY

	Captain Lawrence rode to Prince Darin's fortress to find Alex.  He needed to get back to Agana right away.  His brother, Ellsworth, wanted him to find Wendell and give Sarga a tentative plan of attack.
	"Alex, can you get me back to Agana?  Ellsworth wants me to go back right away."
	"Sure, no problem.  Is something wrong?"  
	"About a month ago, Ambassador Wendell said that my brother had called him back to Verity on an urgent matter, but he didn't tell me what it was.  When I got home, I found out he hasn't been back, and my brother never called for him.  I don't know if he's met with foul play."
	Alex raised her eyebrows.  "I need to let Prince Darin know.  Why don't you come in and say hello?  You know him, don't you?"  She took him to the Prince's bedroom.  "Prince Darin, Captain Lawrence has asked me to take him back to Agana.  He's concerned about the Ambassador.  Please explain, Captain."
	Captain Lawrence repeated his concern and stared at the Prince, astonished by his pale complexion.  "Are you all right, Prince Darin?  You look terrible."
	"I'm actually better now.  Alex, tell me what you find out.  I'll be deploying a dozen ships for Sarga, with soldiers on board.  He must signal us when it's time.  Tell him Lord Pallis has also been notified, and he's working out a plan."
	"Yes, Prince Darin.  I'll keep you informed."  Alex saluted and led Captain Lawrence out.  
	"He looks bad," the Captain said. 
	"Yes, he was poisoned with snowflake.  It's very powerful.  Do you know what signal Sarga could use?"
	"The standard distress signal is to fly a flag upside-down."  
	"I forgot about that one.  I need to get my things.  We should get something to eat and head out.  Is it snowing again?"  
Alex ran upstairs to her bedroom with Captain Lawrence close behind.  He had never been in the fortress before and wanted to look around.  
	"This is a pretty nice place."
	"It's very nice, Captain.  Let's go."  She put on an old jacket she'd bought from the rag merchant and wore her cloak over it. 
	
They rode through a light snowfall to the Scinthian camp.  It was late afternoon by the time they arrived.  They returned the horses to Sola.
"Alex, you're back again," Sola said.  "The Major wants to see you before you leave."
"Sure.  Captain, do you mind waiting for me in the dining room?"
"Not at all."  He grinned.  
When Alex brought him into the dining room, several girls immediately brought him some tea and biscuits.  
	Alex left him to find the Major and found her in her office.  "Major, I understand you wanted to see me.  I'm on my way back to Agana.  Captain Lawrence asked me to take him." 
	"I just wanted to let you know I'm bringing in the cadre from Eastern Borders.  Colonel Penser has released them.  Tula will bring them here in a few weeks."
	Alex straightened.  "Do you know when they're leaving?"
	"I'm sending Sera to lead the way back.  Why?"  
	"I need to get my horse back to Nyla, so I'll come back with them.  It might be safer in this weather."
	"Of course," Major Nita said, "I'll let them know to expect you.  You shouldn't be wandering alone.  Be careful, Alex."
	"I will, Major.  Thanks."  She waved and ran back to the dining room to get Captain Lawrence.  "Follow me, Captain." 

	The River Tunnel was even icier than before.  They hiked for hours until the path tilted up to the landing on the other side of the river.  
Alex pointed ahead to a set of stairs.  "Let me show you something.  It's late anyway.  We can get some water up there."  
They climbed to the top of the stairs, where Alex showed him the city of Agana below.  It was a clear and cold night.  The moon was quarter-full and its light reflected off the rooftops.  Just beyond, the river appeared white from snow and ice.  Alex showed him where to get a drink of water, and they sat at the opening, staring at the quiet city.
"How did you find this place?" he asked.
"Bersamon arrested one of our Scinthian girls and her family, and we helped them get out of the prison in the Green Stone Mine."
"By the way, I saw Jeffrey, and he told me to tell you he's in love with you.  He wants you to forgive him."
"I don't think so.  I saw the look in his eyes, and it wasn't love.  Let's get some rest.  I'll take the first watch."
As he lay down, Alex got up to patrol the area.  She soon heard him snoring lightly.  She wasn't tired at all.  She bundled up and sat at the cave entrance.  It was snowing lightly.  To the south in the direction of the Castle-by-the-Sea, her eyes narrowed at the flash of lightning accompanied by loud booms of thunder.  She figured Prince Darin was at it again. 
Alex stared at the darkened city.  There was little movement near the palace until the guards changed shifts.  Then, it became quiet again.  When she saw the first hint of daylight, she woke the Captain.  It was time to move on.  

They strolled though the Dwarf City of Orunga.  The Captain wanted to investigate and found most of the buildings intact.  The streets were also in good shape.  
Alex led him down the City Tunnel, and they stopped at the junction with the Market Tunnel where the Captain took a right turn to explore.  Alex heard water flowing and ice snapping overhead.  The tunnel ended, and they examined the wall for any hidden openings.  
	"Here's some markings, Alex."
	"It says, Don't open the door.  Why would they have a door here?" 
	He stared at the ceiling.  "I can hear the ice cracking above us."
	"Let's go the other way.  I think the Dwarves would have made another way to the river, but I don't know where.  I didn't see any other exits before this one."  
	They headed down the tunnel towards the palace, a short distance away.  Alex pointed to the stairs leading up to the door.  He stopped her and signaled that he wanted to look around.  
The Market Tunnel led in two directions.  Alex pointed to left.  "This tunnel should lead to the Green Stone Mine."
"Is that how you got in there?"  
"No, there was another way near the stairs where we came through." 
"How far is it?"
"I don't know.  A few hours, maybe." 
"Let's check it out."  
They headed up the tunnel to the mine.  After a short distance, sunlight streamed in through a square opening high above.  A broken ladder lay on the floor and a rope hung down, but it was too short.  They continued on.  
	A short while later, they stopped at a wall where there was an opening along the top, where they climbed up. 
 	"Captain, this is the mine where the prisoners were held.  That's the door I closed to lock out the guards.  The entrance we used is over there to the left.  That'll lead us back to the River Tunnel to Verity."  
	"So, this is it.  Let's get back to the palace.  Why is this called the Green Stone Mine?"  
	Alex picked up a stone from the ground and handed it to him.  "It's jade.  Do you remember the Jade Crossing in the Jade Desert?"  
The Captain nodded and rubbed it.  The small stone was a beautiful shade of dark green, and its surface was smooth.  He put it in his pocket.

	Back in the tunnel, they headed to the palace, but when they got to the broken ladder, they stopped.
	"What if we go up here?"  Captain Lawrence got the ladder and checked it.  Several rungs were broken, but the sides were secure.  He propped it against the wall.  "If you climb over these broken ones, we can probably get out of here."
	He climbed up the ladder and out, using the rope to help steady him.  He waved to Alex, and she climbed out.  They were in an alley between the palace and Rosa's house.  He pointed to a man getting off his horse at the stables.  
"That's Wendell.  He must have just got back.  Got to go.  Take care, Alex."  With that, the Captain ran off.  
Alex waited and watched.  After the Captain went in the second door from the right, she turned and went to the market where she found Rosa and her family working.

*	*	*

Later, when the market closed, Alex returned home with Rosa and her family.  After supper, she gave Kamlan an update on Prince Darin's plan along with King Pallis's support for Agana.  In return, Kamlan brought her up-to-date on recent events.  
"We had the twins followed, but so far, found nothing.  We've interviewed some servants, and they confirmed that the twins went to the Castle-by-the-Sea with Ambassador Wendell, but they had no details of the meeting."  
"Well, I talked to Captain Lawrence and he said the Ambassador was never called home.  He just saw him and was going to investigate."
"Really?"  Kamlan looked away.
"Good night, Kamlan.  I hope this all works out."  Alex joined Rosa in her room to settle down for the night. 

	Rosa handed her a bag, made of sturdy brown cloth with long handles.  "Alex, take one of these bags.  It's larger.  We make them and sell them in the market."
	"This is really nice.  Thanks."  Alex packed her belongings in the new bag with room to spare.  "I like these large straps.  I can slide it over my shoulder and use the other one for food.  Speaking of food, can I get some to go?"
	"Of course.  Where are you going this time?"
	"I have to get this horse back to Nyla.  I borrowed it several weeks ago, and they're probably wondering where it is.  By the way, Major Nita told me that Colonel Penser has released all the girls from training.  She's bringing them to Verity."
	"What about us?"  
	"She didn't say, but I'm sure she won't forget you.  Sorry, I didn't ask. Good night, Rosa."  Alex put her head down and smelled her clean blankets.  She closed her eyes and thought of Prince Darin to Elfspeak.
	"Prince Darin, may I speak?"  
	"Alex, where are you?"
	"In Agana.  I'm just checking in with you.  I let Kamlan know about your plans and King Pallis's.  In addition, Ambassador Wendell has shown up, and he seems all right, but he never went home to Verity.  He may have taken the twins to see Mellen.  I'm going to ride east tomorrow to take a look at the Castle-by-the-Sea.  Are you feeling better today?"
	"Yes, Lord Odin came back with the antidote.  He had to make it.  Take care, Alex.  My ships are ready to sail for Agana, and I will be with them."  
Chapter 38

TARGET

Back at the Regiment, Colonel Jeffrey pounded his fist against his desk in frustration.  Lila hadn't returned to the Regiment for the past two days.  However, Major Nita and Thania had just shown up for their weekly meeting with the Commandant.  As the Commander of Western Borders, he would have to join them.  
He felt it demeaning to work with women, but he had to humor them.  They'd given the kingdom a lot of gold for their training, and he was ordered to cooperate.  He opened his desk and took out his flask of whiskey, downing the rest of it.
	Major Nita and Thania came upstairs and spoke to Sergeant Bartholomew.  They sat on the sofa, waiting for the Commandant.  Colonel Jeffrey checked the mirror, chewed on a mint leaf, and went over to greet them.
	"Good afternoon, Major.  How are you today?"  He smiled pleasantly.
	"We're fine, Colonel."
	The Sergeant opened the door for them to enter.  They waited as the Commandant held up his hand and finished signing the last document. 
	"There.  Take it, Sergeant."  The Commandant put the quill pen in the stand.  "Good afternoon, ladies, please be seated.  Sergeant, close the door.  Well, let's begin.  What do you have to report, Major?"
	"Thank you, Commandant.  I just wanted to let you know that we've decided to close our training cadre in Nyla.  I'm bringing them here to augment our forces."  Major Nita checked off the first item on her list with a pencil.
	"That's good news.  You'll be fully staffed at that point, won't you?"
	"That is good news, Major.  I'm glad to hear that," Colonel Jeffrey put in.  "When will this become final?"  
	"I've dispatched my messenger today.  It'll take her about a week and then, she'll gather them up and bring them here.  I told her to make certain Alex comes back with her." 
	"Where is she?" the Commandant asked.
	Colonel Jeffrey glanced at the Major with interest.  Then, he caught a glimpse of Thania staring at him, so he leaned back, trying to appear nonchalant.
	"She came by the camp with Captain Lawrence," the Major said.  "He wanted to get back to Agana through the tunnels.  Didn't you know?"  
	"Yes, of course."  The Commandant nodded and touched his forehead.  "I forgot." 
	Colonel Jeffrey leaned forward.  "When did you see him, Lyle?"
	"It was this morning at the palace.  He gave Ellsworth a message from Sarga requesting assistance with a potential uprising.  We'll send in two hundred men to reinforce the palace guards.  We sent a message back with Lawrence.  The King wants you to lead the attack, Jeffrey."
	"When?"  He raised his eyebrows.
	"At the spring solstice."
	"Solstice?  That's only a month away.  It'll take us two weeks to get there by horse in this weather."
	"Lawrence told us about this secret passage Alex found.  It'll lead you to the palace in a few hours.  Alex can lead you through it."
	"Where is it?"
	"It's so secret Lawrence didn't think he could find it again.  Even if he did, he would have to speak some Dwarf words to get through."  The Commandant laughed.
	Colonel Jeffrey nodded.  Now, he knew where Alex was going to be--in Nyla.  In his head, he calculated the time needed to get there and back, so he could lead the attack.  The tunnel to Agana made it all possible.
 
	As the meeting continued, Thania watched the Colonel out of the corner of her eye.  She'd noticed the change in his demeanor when the Major had mentioned Alex's name.  Now, she saw the wry smile on his face and feared what was going through his mind.  She recalled hearing rumors from the other girls that Alex had rejected the Colonel's advances, and he seemed angry.  Was Alex now a target of his anger?  Unfortunately, the messenger had already left, so there was no way to warn her.  She was on her own.
Chapter 39

NAVAL BATTLE

After being stranded in Nyla for several long weeks, Seculus reported that the river was open again, and the Locust sailed out late in the morning.  River traffic was heavier than usual, and the ship was soon stuck in a long line.  Unfortunately, it also turned cold, and the river once more jammed up with ice.  Only this time, John and Olivia were stuck on the ship.  When the ships finally began to move again, the inbound traffic to Nyla was particularly heavy.  Seculus found out why at the junction to Futile River.  

As the ship exited the mouth of the Eastern, it was swept into the middle of a naval battle.  Ships of all kinds battled amid large chunks of ice.  Olivia happened to be standing on deck when an arrow flew past her head and landed in the post beside her.  She screamed and fainted.  When she woke up, she was lying in bed, and John held her hand.
"Are you all right, babe?"  John asked.
"Yeah, I think so.  What happened?"  She tried to sit up.
"We were attacked.  An arrow hit the post next to your head, and you fainted."
"Damn, I never did that before.  What's this?"  Olivia touched her head and felt a bandage. 
"Just a bandage.  Some splinters of wood flew off and hit you.  You'll be all right.  The Elves fixed you up."  He kissed her gently.
The ship veered sharply to the left, and Olivia slid to the bottom of the bed.  John pulled himself up to the porthole.  
"Holy shit!"  John turned back to her and covered her with his body.  Water rushed alongside the ship.
"What's going on?"  Olivia tried to push John up.  "I can't breathe, John.  Get up!"
"A ship--there's a ship heading right towards us.  Crap!  Seculus has to get us out of here.  Stay here."  John ran out the door and went upstairs.  
Without hesitation, Olivia followed him.  As she ran out, Seculus looked away, but she ran into John and held on.  Seculus spun the wheel sharply to the right, and John started to slide.   
"Hold on!"  John grabbed the wooden rail and pulled Olivia close to him.  He wrapped his arms around her, and they held onto the rail for dear life.  Another large ship approached on the left, too close for comfort.  
Olivia closed her eyes.  She didn't want to see the crash.
The maneuver worked, however.  The incoming ship sailed past the stern and continued on, as pirates shouted at them from the deck of the larger ship.  Seculus spun the wheel to the left and avoided a large block of ice.  The ship sailed towards other vessels in the south, sailing in open water.  
John pointed to them.  "Water Elves!"
Olivia felt relieved when she saw the armada with Water Elf markings on the large white sails.  Three wavy blue lines stood out across the white cloth, filled with wind.  Although they were still some distance away, Locust was in the clear.
Chapter 40

DESPAIR

	Captain Lawrence ran into the office and sat at his desk, pulling out some papers.  Shortly thereafter, Ambassador Wendell came in.  The Captain stood up to greet him.
	"Wendell, welcome back.  How are things back home?"  Lawrence helped him with his wet traveling bag.
	"Fine.  I don't know what the emergency was, but I had a chance to see everyone.  Your brothers send their greetings."  He took off his hat and threw it on his desk.  "How's everything here?"  Wendell glanced through the papers on his desk.  
	"The usual.  Did you run into any bad weather?"  
	"Horrible.  It snowed most of the way.  I'm going to let Sarga know I'm back."
	"I'll go with you."  Lawrence followed him out the door.  They marched through a stiff breeze to the side gate where a guard let them in.  Then, they went to the reception room where Sarga was speaking to Kamlan.
	"Ambassador Wendell, welcome back.  How was your trip to Verity?"  Sarga extended his hand.
	Wendell shook it and smiled.  "Thank you, Sarga.  It's good to be back."
	"Did you take care of the emergency?"
	"Yes, as a matter of fact, it was my wife.  She's pregnant, you know.  She's fine, and so is the baby."
	"When's the baby due?"  
	"A couple more months.  I assume that Captain Lawrence has kept everything in order?"
	"Yes, he's done an outstanding job.  You should keep him here."
	"I'll tell Lord Ellsworth.  He'll be pleased to hear that.  Now, if you'll excuse me, I just wanted to let you know that I've returned, and I'll be available as you wish."  He bowed curtly.
	"Oh, Ambassador, there is one new development.  I didn't have a chance to tell your Captain about it.  We've just learned about a possible revolt, brewing among some members of my family.  We've arrested Pashamon's sons, Ingma and Sigma.  They are being questioned as we speak."
	"Really?  How were they involved?"  
	"We heard they were gathering an army to take over Agana."  
	"That would be really stupid, to put it bluntly.  It's a good thing you caught them.  Thank you for letting me know." 
	Lawrence noticed the beads of sweat on Wendell's forehead.  He kept silent, but knew he was lying. He made to follow him out the door, but turned to Sarga before he left.  Silently, he handed him the message from his brother, Lord Ellsworth and nodded.  
Unsmiling, Sarga took it, handing it to Kamlan to read.   
 
	Wendell left the palace quickly, leaving the Captain behind.
	A short while later, Captain Lawrence ran into the office and asked, "Are you all right, Wendell?"   
	"Fine."  He picked up his bag and left for his small apartment next door.  He opened the door and threw his bag on the floor.  From there, he headed to the kitchen where he had several bottles of whiskey in the pantry.  
He poured whiskey into a glass, filling it halfway.  He took a sip and exhaled.  "Ah!  That's what I needed."  He sat down in the parlor and raised his glass in the air.  "Here's to you, Hodges for introducing me to the elixir of life."  Swallowing a mouthful, he leaned back in the chair.  "You were right, Hodges.  It does feel good."
Rolling his head around his shoulders, the knots in his neck eased.  When he finished the first glass, he poured another and returned to his seat in the parlor.   
	There was a knock on the door and Lawrence asked, "Wendell?"
	"Yes?"  Wendell stayed seated in his chair.
	"Are you all right?  I'm going for supper.  Do you want to come with me?"
	"I'm fine.  Just a little tired.  I'll see you in the morning."  Wendell heard Lawrence leave and took a deep breath.  
	Wendell stared at his glass.  "Hodges, you did a good job with Lawrence.  He's a fine young Captain.  All the more reason to keep him out of this mess, I've created.  Did you hear what Sarga said?  He's arrested the twins.  Damn!  They'll spill their guts out in no time.  Then what?  I'm dead.  They'll come for me.  How did it go downhill so fast?"  He finished his glass and got up to get another.  
"Man, did I fuck this up."  Wendell sat down in his chair with his elbows propped on his knees.  "Everything's collapsing, Hodges, and you can't help me.  Yes, it's true.  I've got more money than I've ever dreamed of.  I've put a lot into the vault at the palace and into my account in Northern Borders."  He drank more whiskey.  
"If I die, Amanda and the baby will be set for life.  The baby.  I want to see the little guy and hold him.  Will he have brown hair or red like Amanda's--green eyes or blue?"  He paused.  "How do I even know if it's a boy?  It could be a girl."  He took a sip.  "Either way, the baby will be ashamed of his father when he finds out what I've done."  He began to weep, but wiped away his tears and drained the rest of the whiskey in his glass.  
It surprised him when he staggered across the room.  He didn't think he'd had that much to drink.  This time when he poured the whiskey, he missed the glass and started to giggle.  Holding the bottle tightly to the top of the glass, he tried again, but it splashed on his fingers.  He licked them and laughed again.
	He threw open all the cabinets in the kitchen to find something to eat, but there wasn't anything except for a small bottle filled with white powder.  He wandered back to his chair and found an old tin of sweets and ate them.  Then, he went back to the kitchen for more whiskey.  
Eyeing the small bottle in the cupboard, he knew it was filled with a poison called snowflake.  The guards had given it to him for rats, months ago.  He never found any, so he never used it.  
"Hodges, what if I take this?  Then, Amanda and the baby won't have to live with my shame."  He dumped the white powder into his drink and swirled it around.  It mixed instantly.  
	He set the glass down on his desk and pulled out some paper to write a short note to Captain Lawrence.  He wanted his body returned to Verity for burial.  He wrote a longer note to his wife, Amanda, telling her how much he loved her and where to find his money to take care of herself and the baby.  After raising the glass, he said, "Bottoms up."  He drank the whole glass and went to his chair by the door, closed his eyes, and laid his head back.

*	*	*

	After he'd eaten supper, Captain Lawrence knocked again on the Ambassador's door to give him some food.  He heard nothing and knocked again.  He set the food on the floor and checked the door.  It was locked, so he forced it open, pushing against it with his shoulder.  
Wendell was sitting in the chair with his head back.  Lawrence went in to shake him, figuring he probably had too much to drink again.  This time, however, Wendell's face appeared exceptionally white, and he didn't wake up.  Lawrence checked his breathing and felt his skin.  He was cold as ice.  Wendell was dead.
	"No, this can't be!  Wendell, wake up!  Don't do this."  Lawrence grabbed him by the lapel and slapped his face to bring him back to consciousness.  Nothing happened.  Choking back sobs, he ran to alert the guards.
	The head of the guards came in to check the Ambassador.  He put a blanket over his body and turned to Captain Lawrence, shaking his head.
	"He's dead.  I must inform Lord Sarga."  He bowed to the young Captain and left.  
	Another guard pointed to the table where the notes were.  When Captain Lawrence read them, he cried.  
The guard also found the empty bottle of snowflake and put the cap on.  Even empty, the remains of the powerful poison could cause illness.  He showed it to Captain Lawrence wrapped in a towel, so he wouldn't touch the bottle.
	Sarga ran into the room.  "Captain Lawrence, why did he do this?"
	"I don't know.  He left this note and told me to take his body to Verity.  There's another note to his wife that he asked me to deliver, but he doesn't say why he did this."
	"I'm sorry to say that I believe it may have something to do with the twins," Sarga said.  "Several weeks ago, one of my men saw Ambassador Wendell meet with them.  Then, he took them to see Mellen at the Castle-by-the-Sea.  We have nothing to prove that he was involved in anything.  We only know he was there.  The twins were never arrested.  Their arrest at this stage may have caused more problems, so I made up that story to see his reaction.  I wish I hadn't done that."  Sarga wiped tears from his eyes.  
Chapter 41

BRAIN BUSTER

In Agana, Alex was sleeping soundly when she heard a very loud rooster crowing not far away.  Rosa and Jilla heard it too, but went right back to sleep.  Alex rolled up her blankets and picked up her belongings, waking Rosa up.  
	"Alex, it's still dark.  I didn't get you any food."  Rosa sat up.
	"It's all right.  Go back to sleep.  I'll see you later."  She closed the door and went to the stables at the end of the street.  In the dark, she found her horse and saddled him.  She put a brass coin in the jar and led him to the market.  It was dark and empty--too early for the food merchants.  She mounted her horse and rode east.
	Alex stayed off the main road.  It was slower, but she wasn't sure who was out on the roads.  By late afternoon the next day, she rode to the top of a ridge.  The Castle-by-the-Sea was in sight, surrounded by small tents with men huddled around campfires.  Patrols of two men marched around the perimeter, and a mounted patrol rode back in for the night.  She didn't see another patrol and rode on until she saw a bare willow tree.  
Standing in the stirrups, she cut several strips of bark from the tree.  Then, a plan formed in her head.  Alex clicked her tongue and urged her horse on.  Now that she had the bark, she would send Mellen another brain buster.
She stopped near a grove of trees and made sure she was alone.  Her senses told her that Mellen was in the castle.  Closing her eyes, she sent him waves of energy, but her ears started ringing, and she felt a sharp pain in her head.  As soon as she stopped, the ringing went away, but her head ached.  The pain was so bad that she thought she had failed--she sighed and urged her horse on, chewing on the willow bark as she went.

*	*	*

	At the castle, Tarsin stormed into Mellen's room, glaring.  "What did you do?"
	"What are you talking about?"
	"Tarsill's dead."  He grimaced and clenched his fists.
	Mellen inhaled sharply.  "What are you talking about?  How?"
	"One of the guards at Prince Darin's castle killed her after she caught by the half-breed trying to poison the Prince."
	"I didn't send her."  Mellen shook his head.
	"I know it was you, and I've had enough."  Tarsin jabbed his finger in Mellen's chest.  "I'm leaving."  He spun away.
	"Tarsin, wait.  I know we've had our share of disagreements, but--"
	"No more buts, no more excuses.  I'm done!  I'm taking my Elves and leaving.  You can have all the mortals you want."
	Just then, Mellen dropped to one knee, holding his head in his hands.  
	"What's wrong with you?  Your headache again?"  Tarsin asked.
	"It's nothing."  Mellen vomited blood and more poured from his nose and ears.
	Tarsin stared at him.  "You just got busted.  Who did it?  The half-breed?  You got what you deserved."  
	"Fuck you!  Get out."
	"You even swear like a mortal."  Tarsin sneered and slammed the door as he left.
	"Mellen, here."  Thorne handed him a towel.  "Use this--I'll clean up your ears."    
	"Thorne, it was her, the half-breed.  How did Tarsin know?"
	"I don't know."  
	"Help me, Thorne.  I'm bleeding inside my head."
"I don't know what to do.  Maybe a Shadow can help you."
"Perhaps, let me try."  With Thorne's help, Mellen stood and raised his arms.  

Shadows of the Dark World, come forth.

	Nothing happened.  Mellen repeated the spell, and still, nothing happened.  "It's no use.  Thorne, I need the potion."
	"I sent some men to get it from the witches."
	"Where are they?"  Mellen cried, staggering to a darkened room.  "I'll die without it."  He closed the door.
	Thorne stared out the window, watching the two small coaster ships sail away.  Prince Darin would be watching for a ship, he was sure, but not two.  Then he went to find Tarsin to calm him down.

*	*	*
 
	It was cold and dark, and the moon shone brightly.  By the time it was high in the sky, Alex had found a spot to rest in a small cave under a ridge and noticed her head was no longer hurting.  A cold stream ran nearby for her horse.  She dismounted and broke through the ice to let him drink and rest, while she foraged for some nuts and drank some water herself.  
In the distance, a branch snapped.  The sound of horses drew near.  Alex tensed and ran for her mount, leading him deeper into the woods.  A patrol of men rode up to the stream.  Her horse snorted, feeling her tension.  She rubbed its face and whispered in Elf for it to stay quiet.  
	Once the men left, Alex breathed again and rode on.
	She rode east to the Cave of the Troll, but found it was filled with pirates.  She turned north and found a Dwarf shelter not far away.  At this point in time, she'd run out of anything to eat, and there was nothing to forage--she even ate all of the willow bark.  She thought about riding on, but the thought of food in the cave made her feel ravenous and desperate.  She knew exactly where the supplies were stored.  
As she lay on her bedroll, she planned a trip to the cave, but quickly realized it was foolish with so many men around.  The Dwarf shelter had some feed for her horse, so she soaked it in some water and boiled it.  It tasted terrible.  After a few mouthfuls, she gave it to her horse.  
After that, she saddled up and rode on.  Once she got to Midstation, she rode directly to the storeroom and found a stash of sealed jars.  Half-starved, she ate out of a jar with her fingers.  After the first jar of pickled vegetables, she took care of her horse.  She drank long gulps of water and went back to eat.  Exhausted, she lay down on her bedroll in the storeroom and fell asleep.  When she woke up, she still felt tired.  Her travels were taking a toll. 
Whenever she got to Nyla, she knew the Scinthians would help her, and she'd be able to rest.  She was sorry to see their training program wind down--she'd miss them.  Although she wanted to leave with them, Beren had told her she had to stay and help the king, but she wasn't so sure she wanted to help him anymore.  Something told her that he'd allowed the Commandant and Colonel Jeffrey to act against her.  They wanted her dead.  Why didn't they just send a tracker to kill her?  
Why kill her at all?  She wasn't a threat.  In fact, she helped them.  According to her trainer, Major Jonnbo, these sorts of things usually involved money.  She didn't have any.  She paused and realized she did.  Not only did she have her inheritance and reward money, but she also had this pouch of gold.  Could that be the reason they wanted to kill her?  They could have it all, it if meant that much to them.  Not as a bribe, but as a trade, in exchange for her freedom.  Now, that was a good idea.
Chapter 42

WITCH'S POTION

In Southport, Aqua pulled the curtains aside and stared out the window of her shanty at the commotion.  At the far end of the harbor, some Water Elf soldiers from Prince Darin's fortress were locked in a battle against some men on a small coaster ship.  She frowned and went to the door to lock it, but just as she reached it, a man barged in and closed the door behind him.  He bared his yellow teeth and brandished a large knife, holding it to her throat.
"Don't make a sound and you won't get hurt," he said in a hoarse whisper.
Aqua nodded and backed up.  The man put his crooked finger over his mouth and went to the window to check on the scene.  He pulled the curtains shut and turned back to her.
"What do you want?" Aqua stammered.  Tears welled in her eyes.
	"I need a bottle of your special potion for my boss, the Elf Mellen."    
	"I can't give it to him.  Lord Odin told me not to."  
	"If you don't, you give me no choice."  The man pushed his knife towards her, and she screamed. 
	Just then, Eclipse stepped out of the bedroom.  "What's going on, Aqua?" 
	The man spun around.  "Shut up or she gets it!"  The man pointed the knife at Aqua.  
	Eclipse raised her hands in the air. 
	"Give me the potion, now!"  He touched her throat with the cold blade.
	"I can't.  I can't give it to Mellen."  Aqua burst into tears.  
	"Wait, I can.  No one told me.  If I give it to you, you must leave," Eclipse said.
	"Ah, now, there's a good lass."  He smiled and nodded.
	Nervously, Eclipse got an empty bottle and went to the stove, ladling the potion into it.  She put a stopper in and handed it to the man.  "Here.  Now, get out!"
	"There's something else.  Willow bark."
	"Willow bark?"  Eclipse ran over to a shelf and grabbed a small clear bottle with the bark inside.  She handed it to him.  "Here, take it.  Get out."
	"De-lighted."  He laughed and put the bottles in his pocket.  Still holding the knife, he checked the door and ran out, avoiding the fighting on the docks.  He ran to a nearby ladder attached to the dock and climbed down to the water where a small rowboat waited for him.
	"Did you get it, Fingers?"  The man took the oars and began rowing.  
	"Got it.  Let's go."   
	They rowed out of the harbor to a small coaster ship, waiting for them.  They climbed aboard and sailed away.

	After the man left, Aqua clung to Eclipse for several minutes.  "What should we do, Eclipse?  Lord Odin will be very angry."
	"What if we tell him first?  If he follows those men, they'll lead him right to Mellen."
	"You're right.  Let's go."  
	Aqua and Eclipse ran over to the fortress to speak to Lord Odin, but he wasn't there, so they waited to speak to Prince Darin who was busy fighting.  Once the pirates were subdued, he returned to the fortress.
	"What can I do for you?" he asked the witches as he removed his gloves.
	"We came to tell Lord Odin that a man came to our hut and forced us to give him a bottle of our potion and some willow bark for the Elf Mellen," Eclipse said.
	"When?"  He straightened.
	"While you were fighting."  Eclipse pointed to the harbor.  "He threatened to kill us with this huge knife."  She held her hands out wide.
Prince Darin threw his gloves down angrily.  "No!"  He clenched his jaw.
"What's wrong?" Eclipse swallowed hard.
He gathered himself quickly.  "Nothing.  Thank you."  He nodded curtly to the women and had them escorted out the door.  Then, he slammed his fist against the wall.  He had fallen for an old trick.  There were two ships--the first was just a diversion to keep him occupied while the second one was sent for the potion.  He clenched his jaw, embarrassed and angry, and said another spell to bring the storms in.   
 
*	*	*

	Early the next morning, the coaster ship arrived at the Castle-by-the-Sea with torn sails after pushing all night through a storm.  Fingers rushed inside, handing two bottles to Thorne.  "Here you go, mate."
	"I'm not your mate."  Thorne took the bottles into Mellen's darkened room where he was resting with a towel over his eyes.  "The men just got back with the potion and some willow bark."
	"Willow bark."  Mellen held out his hand.  The pain was excruciating.  
	Thorne took a small piece out of the bottle and put it in Mellen's hand.  He chewed on it and swallowed.  
	"Better.  Give me the other bottle."  Mellen sat up in bed.   
	"It's too early to use it, Mellen.  There's still too much ice on the river."
	"Give it to me."  He took a small sip.  "The willow bark eases my pain, but I will need a Shadow to heal my head.  Help me stand up."  With help, Mellen got up from the bed and raised his arms.  

Shadows of the Dark World, come forth to heal me.

	A black Shadow appeared in front of him and then, entered his body.  
	"Yes, I feel it.  Shadow, my thanks to you.  Leave my body now, and I will call on you later."  
	Thorne gasped as the Shadow pulled out of his body and vanished.
	"Good as new, Thorne."  Mellen smiled.  "I'm ready for a fight.  Where's Tarsin?"
	"I managed to calm him down, but he was still pissed off.  He said he'll meet us in Agana."
Chapter 43

THE GOVERNOR'S PARTY

	The next day, Alex arrived in Nyla and went directly to the dining hall at the Garrison.  After a full meal, she wandered through the barn to find her horse, Tattoo.  He greeted her with a loud snort.  She brushed him down, and he nuzzled her.  When she shared her apple with him, they were friends again.
	Afterward, she went to Colonel Penser's office and found him smoking his pipe.  "Hello, Colonel."
	"Alex, I was just thinking about you.  Did you know the Scinthians are leaving soon?  They've finally had enough training."  He chuckled and coughed on the smoke.
	"I heard that.  When are they leaving?"
	"Major Nita's messenger rode in a few days ago.  She said you were going to meet them here.  Where have you been?"
	"Well, after I went to Pashkina to find Mellen, this horrible storm came up, and he got away.  I followed him to the Castle-by-the-Sea near Winden.  I went to the village where I met a stable boy I knew who had joined the pirates.  He told me that Mellen was going to help the twin sons of Pashamon takeover Agana, so the pirates could use the port.  I went to Agana to warn them.  Lord Ellsworth and Prince Darin also know."  
	"Well, you've been busy.  Good thing you're here.  We're going to the Governor's for supper tonight."  
	At home, Mistress Penser screamed with delight when she saw Alex.  
	"Alex!  You're back."  She threw her arms around her.  "We're going to the Governor's house for supper.  Get cleaned up and put on your green dress.  I finished it."  

	Governor Tyrone greeted the Pensers warmly.  He was also surprised to see Alex and gave her a big hug.  Colonel Jeffrey stepped in on the greetings.  
Alex gasped and raised her hand to her mouth, but she curtsied to him and nodded to his trackers, who stood behind him.  "Colonel Jeffrey, what are you doing here?" 
	"I'm escorting Governor Tyrone and his new bride to Verity.  The King wishes to meet her."  He raised his glass of wine.  "My congratulations to you, dear friend and Governor.  You have a most beautiful wife."  
Everyone raised their glasses to toast the couple.  "Hear, hear."  
Alex was handed a glass and took a sip of wine.  She stared at Colonel Jeffrey and chewed on her lip.  Something was up.  The Governor had made the trip many times with Garrison soldiers as escorts.  
	"Join us at the table," Governor Tyrone said.  "Dinner is served."

	Colonel Jeffrey took hold of Alex's arm, escorting her to the table.  He sat down next to her, and dinner began.  The conversation was quite lively with the Governor as the center of attention.  
	As the conversation continued around her, Alex glanced at the Colonel.  He turned to her and smiled warmly.  She nodded and looked down.  Had she been wrong about him?  He didn't seem to be the same man she'd seen just weeks ago who had lied to her, insisting that he loved her.
	The Colonel squeezed her hand and stared into her eyes.  Alex blushed.  She felt like the only woman in the room.  She stuttered, trying to make polite conversation with him.
"How's your son Benjamin?"
	"He misses his sword instructor and so do I."  The Colonel stared at her.  
	Still blushing, she fluttered her eyes.  "Were you as interested in swords at his age?"
	"I was.  At least, everyone said I was.  I used to jump out of the pantry with my wooden sword and attack anyone who came close.  My mother came to the rescue many times."  
	Alex relaxed and gave a polite little laugh.  "When did you get here?"
	"Yesterday.  I heard you went to the Outpost.  How was it?"
	"I saw several hundred pirates at the port in Pashkina, but they left when the weather changed, and the port was destroyed."
	"Where did they go?"
"The Castle-by-the-Sea."
"Near Winden?  That's not good."  Jeffrey frowned.  "It's too close to Agana.  How many Elves were there?"
	"I don't know for certain, but I know Mellen and Thorne were there."  
	"Alex, who are Mellen and Thorne?"  Mistress Penser asked.  
"They're a couple of rogue Elves, Mistress Penser."  Alex fiddled with her napkin.  "At any rate, we're safe and sound here in Nyla."  She smiled.
	 Colonel Penser stood up.  "I propose a toast to the Governor and his wife, Mala.  May you have as many years of happiness as I have had with mine."  He raised his glass.
Everyone joined the toast to the Governor.  Alex sat down, setting her glass on the table.  
	"How's your shoulder, by the way?"  Colonel Jeffrey asked her.
	"Fine."  
"What happened to your shoulder, Alex?"  Mala asked.
"It's fine.  I was hit in a sword fight.  I'm all right."  
"Was this at the cave you were telling us about before, Colonel Jeffrey?"  Governor Tyrone sipped his wine.
"Yes, the pirates used it for their stolen goods.  They would bring the goods in and package them in different boxes for resale.  The place was filled with them.  I remember going in there as a child with Hodges.  I didn't think of that before.  Hodges did know about the cave."    
	Governor Tyrone stood up.  "Let's go to the parlor.  We have some wonderful desserts.  My favorite part."  He patted his belly.

Colonel Jeffrey pulled Alex out to the porch.  She went with him reluctantly and folded her arms across her chest.  
"Listen, Colonel, I'm really sorry about how things turned out with Hodges."    
	"I know.  I blamed you for what happened, but it wasn't your fault.  Hodges did it, and I made a big mistake trying to protect him.  I'm so sorry.  I'm grateful for all you've done for my family.  I really want you to know how I feel about you.  I do love you."  He raised her chin to his face and kissed her tenderly on the lips.  
	Alex pulled back, feeling confused and overwhelmed.  Once again, he'd said he loved her.  She had never had any other man say that to her nor show her this much attention.  Her heart said yes, but her head told her otherwise.  How could this man love her when she'd killed his brother?
She struggled to find the right words and shook her head.  "I'm sorry, Colonel.  I'm just not ready for this."  She turned away.
	Colonel Jeffrey frowned.  "When do you think you'll be ready?"
	"I don't know…maybe never."  She stared at the floor.
	"Ahem."  Governor Tyrone came out of the door.  "Will you be joining us?"  
	Alex looked up and followed the Governor inside.  
"I'll be in shortly."  Colonel Jeffrey waved.  He had to cool off.  In order for his plan to work, everyone had to believe they were in love, and Alex had to cooperate.  If not, he could be a suspect.  He pulled a flask from his pocket and took a long sip of whiskey.  After a pause, he decided to change his plan.  There would be plenty of opportunity for someone else to kill her.  
Besides, her brother would inherit her gold anyway.  Beren--now there was a poor excuse for a swordsman.  He would never use his skills in battle.  He was too weak--no backbone.  Even Alex had more courage than he did.  

Colonel Jeffrey took another long sip of whiskey before he joined the rest of the group, eating desserts.  He picked up one and wandered back to Alex, attentive and smiling.  
For the remainder of the evening, Alex remained cool to the Colonel's attention, but treated him with respect and courtesy due a senior officer.  No matter how she tried, his words just didn't make sense.  But why come all this way?  It had to be something important, like revenge.  Did he intend to avenge his brother's death by killing her?  How?

In the morning, Alex escorted Colonel Penser to his office.  It reminded her of old times when she used to do it on a daily basis, skipping beside him.  She skipped a few steps and laughed.
"You've grown up in a short time, Alex."  Colonel Penser smiled at her.  "By the way, I spoke to Colonel Jeffrey for a few moments last evening.  He said he wasn't aware that the Scinthians would be returning with him.  Remind Tula that she has to report to him."
"No problem, Colonel.  I'll take care of that this morning when I see her."
"Colonel Jeffrey hardly left your side all evening.  He seems very attracted to you."
"I think there were other reasons, Colonel."
"What do you mean?"
"Remember my mission to kill the Horseman?  That was his brother."
"True."  The Colonel frowned.
"And besides, why would a colonel be assigned escort duty?"
"I was wondering that myself," Colonel Penser said.  "Stay alert, young lady.  This could be hazardous to your health."  He patted her on the shoulder.
	
	Alex left to visit the Scinthians.  The girls were making final preparations to leave Nyla, and Tula, who had returned to close down the training, was trying to figure out who was going to Verity.  She had a list of thirty girls who were definitely going, twenty who were definitely staying since they were getting married, and over forty others who had made no decision at all.  
	"Did you include your name?"  Alex asked.
	"Thirty-one who are definitely going.  This is so frustrating.  We don't have much time left, and all these girls haven't made a decision.  It looks like I'll have to make one for them."
"Did you know Colonel Jeffrey was sent here to escort the Governor to Verity?"
"They sent a colonel to do that?"
"I know.  It's strange.  The Governor's done this before with Garrison soldiers.  I think something's up."
"Like what?"
Alex partly covered her mouth and whispered, "I think he wants to kill me."
"That's ridiculous."
"No, it's not.  He tried to do it before."
"Why?"
"Because I killed his brother, the Horseman.  He was the pirate spy."
"You're overreacting."
"No, I'm not.  I just don't know when or how he's going to do it."
Tula's eyes opened wide.  "What are you going to do?"
"I have to go back with you.  I told Major Nita I would.  Can you delay your trip?"
"No, I already told the Governor."
"Then I don't have a choice.  I'll just have to keep an eye on him.  You'd better introduce yourself to him.  He's in charge of the column."
Tula grimaced.  "Alex, I'm really swamped right now.  Can you ask him to come over?"
"It'll only take a minute, Tula.  Just stop what you're doing and go.  It's proper protocol."
"Ask him to come over here--please?"
"I don't want to talk to him."
"Please?"  Tula's eyes were begging.
	"Oh, all right."  Alex sighed.  She went to the Governor's house and found Colonel Jeffrey, standing on the porch surrounded by his trackers.  

Alex saluted stiffly.  "Good morning, Colonel Jeffrey.  The Scinthians will be traveling with us when the Governor leaves.  Tula's in charge, and she'd like to meet you.  She's right over there at that tent.  It'll only take a few moments.  She's Major Nita's cousin."
	"Who isn't Major Nita's cousin?  Lead the way, Alex."  Colonel Jeffrey grinned.  
	Alex forced a smile--it did seem like all the girls were related.  
At the camp, Tula was outside talking to some girls.
	"Colonel Jeffrey, this is Tula."  Alex stood between them and gestured at her. 
	Tula saluted.  "A pleasure to meet you, Colonel.  I'm trying to get a final head count for the Governor."
	"Good.  I understand you're Major Nita's cousin," the Colonel said.
	"Yes, we're all Major Nita's cousins."  She laughed.
The Scinthians stared at Colonel Jeffrey with bright eyes and large smiles.
	"Colonel Jeffrey, it was a pleasure meeting you.  Thank you for coming over."  Tula nodded.  "We'll be ready to leave on schedule."
	"I look forward to it."  Colonel Jeffrey turned to the house, waving Alex to his side.  "She looks busy."
	"A lot of girls haven't made a decision yet.  She's trying to get them to make up their minds.  Have a good day, Colonel."  She saluted and turned to leave.
	"Wait a minute, aren't you staying?" he asked.  
	"No, Colonel.  I need to pack for the trip.  Good day, sir."  Alex turned and left for Colonel Penser's house. 
	Colonel Jeffrey frowned and watched her leave.
Chapter 44

THE HORNETS

 	Mistress Penser sighed when Alex dragged out her trunk.  "It seems like no sooner than you get back, it's time for you to leave again."  
Alex had always felt the love and warmth of the Penser family, and it was home.  They loved her for who she was.  She wanted to stay, but knew she had to get back to work.  Mellen was still out there, and his pirates were gathering strength. 
She spent the rest of the afternoon with the Penser family.  Together, Alex and Mistress Penser prepared the evening meal for the entire family.  It was a busy, but happy evening.  
	
In the morning, Colonel Penser and Alex carried her trunk to the Governor's house as Mistress Penser followed behind.  Alex got her horse Tattoo from the stables and took him to the horse pen.  
After breakfast, Alex said her farewells to the Pensers and climbed on Tattoo's back.  The horses moved out with Colonel Jeffrey and his trackers at the lead.  Governor Tyrone and Mala followed behind with Alex.  Several soldiers towed packhorses, loaded with trunks. 
As they rode through Nyla, Tula and the Scinthians fell in behind.  Alex fell back to join them, and they rode out of town together.  
	"How many girls finally decided to come?" Alex asked.   
	"Seventy-two," Tula said.  "The rest are staying."
	"What made them decide?"
	"They took one look at Colonel Jeffrey and decided that if all the men looked as good as he did, they were going.  By the way, I sent out some Scouts yesterday.  They're supposed to meet us on the ridge over there."

	North of Nyla, the group stopped to eat.  Tula's Scouts rode in and reported a large group of nomads ahead.  Alex took them to see Colonel Jeffrey.
	Alex saluted.  "Colonel Jeffrey, Tula's Scouts have a report for you."  
	Scout Lura stepped forward.  "Colonel, there's a large encampment of nomads in the forest ahead.  We estimate there are about five hundred nomads including women and children."
	"Thank you."  He nodded.  
Soon, everyone mounted their horses again and moved on.  However, the Colonel remained on the same path that would lead them into the nomads.  
Alex rode up beside him.  "Colonel Jeffrey, shouldn't we turn east to avoid the nomads?"
	"I'll decide which path to take, Alex."  He turned his head away and spurred his horse.  The Colonel took a sip from his water canteen.  Why doesn't she want me?  Look at these Scinthians.  They want me.  The whiskey from the canteen warmed his throat and chest.  This was a very good batch of whiskey.  What did these women know about nomads anyway?  He'd fought them many times.  This was a good opportunity.  If a nomad killed Alex, no one could blame him for it.  He smiled at the thought and waved the group ahead.
As Alex rode back to the Governor, he asked, "What's wrong?"
	"The Scinthians reported that there's a large camp of nomads ahead.  We told Colonel Jeffrey, but he insists on going directly at them."  
"Take cover!"  Colonel Jeffrey waved his hand to the right.
Alex moved the Governor and Mala to the right as a group of men with faces painted red and blue ran out of the forest and yelled, banging their shields with spears and swords.  
The noise was terrifying, but Alex drew her sword and glanced at Tula, who did the same.  They led a charge by the girls on horseback, attacking the nomads to divert them from the Governor.  The nomads withdrew into the forest.  
The Scinthians pulled back and re-grouped as the nomads pounded large drums and chanted loudly, approaching once more through the woods.  

Meanwhile, Colonel Jeffrey hunkered down between the rocks.  He realized that they were greatly outnumbered and should have taken a different route.  To make matters worse, it had started to snow.  He considered sending a messenger back to the Garrison for help and drank more from his canteen.  For now, however, Alex was doing a fine job leading the Scinthians.  
The Colonel's trackers positioned themselves with him and waited for the command to join the defense.  

Alex ordered the Scinthians to set up several rows of archers.  When the nomads ran out of the woods, she nodded, and they let a barrage of arrows fly, forcing another retreat.  
Then Alex glanced to her left and noticed a large hornet's nest in the crook of a tree.  She ran to the Colonel.  "Colonel Jeffrey, I can get us some extra assistance, but we'll have to move away from here as soon as I do."  
"Assistance?  What are you talking about?"  
"Look to the left.  There's a large hornet's nest in that tree.  If we can get an arrow in there, they'll attack anything close." 
"Are you kidding?  They're dormant.  It's winter you know."
"Not these.  They're called Red Stingers.  They'll attack anything at any time in any weather, even in snow.  I've encountered them before." 
"When was this?"
"We don't have time to discuss it, Colonel.  Do you want me to do it or not?"
"Do it."  But he shook his head, doubting it would work.

Alex ran back to Tula and pointed to the tree to show her the hornet's nest.  Tula motioned to several archers to come forward.
	"Look at the large tree to the left," Alex said.  "There's one with a large white covering between the branches.  Do you see it?"  
The girls nodded.  
"That's a hornet's nest.  Shoot it."  Alex pulled out an arrow from her pack and let it fly.
Three arrows hit the nest, and thousands of angry hornets poured out.  
Alex turned to Colonel Jeffrey, but he was already on his horse, yelling for everyone to move east.  She ran to Governor Tyrone and Mala and got them on their way.  
"Follow the Colonel!"  Alex jumped on Tattoo's back and spurred him hard.  
The nomads screamed as the hornets attacked.  Loud buzzing filled the forest.  
The traveling party rode away over a small stream to a high ridge overlooking the nomad's camp.  They stopped and looked down where they saw the camp in utter disarray. 
The Colonel led them farther north to a small icy lake.  The sun was low on the horizon, and it was getting quite cold.  They set up camp with several fires, melting snow for water.
  	Colonel Jeffrey's actions confirmed Alex's suspicions.  Why else would he lead them into the nomads and then hide behind the rocks?  He let her lead the attack, so she could get killed.  Alex frowned and decided to remain close to the Scinthians. 

Later, Colonel Jeffrey approached her.  "Alex, Colonel Penser's men didn't report any nomads in the area, but your Scouts were right.  So when did you encounter these hornets before?"
"It was a long time ago, when I was at the Sword Academy."
"What happened?"  
Alex hesitated.  "Beren's class went out for a winter exercise in the forest, but they came back after these hornets attacked them.  Beren was unconscious for a few days, and they thought he might not make it, but he did."
"So he's allergic to them?  Is that why he doesn't go out much?"
Alex nodded.  "Colonel Jeffrey, I ask that you apologize to the Scinthian Scouts directly.  They were the ones who reported the nomads."  Alex was polite, but seething inside.
	"Tula, send your Scouts to the front of the column tomorrow," Colonel Jeffrey said.  
"It would be our honor, Colonel."  Tula nodded.   
"That was an apology?"  Alex asked.   
Colonel Jeffrey turned away, frowning--Alex had won this round.  There'll be another.

Alex watched Colonel Jeffrey stroll away.  She frowned at him and had a vision of Beren, lying on his back on a small cot in the dispensary at the Academy.  His face was so swollen she could barely recognize him.  He was having trouble breathing, and she placed her hand on his chest and wished that he would get better.  She remembered crying.  Then her eye caught the glow of a blue light under her hand, and she pulled it away quickly.  At first, she thought she'd killed him, but his breathing improved.  She touched his cheeks, and the blue light appeared again, bathing his face in a soft blue glow.  The swelling went down.  Tears of joy ran down her cheeks when she realized that her blue light had healed him.    
The vision disappeared when Tula placed a hand on her shoulder.  "Are you all right, Alex?"
"Yeah, I'm fine."  Alex nodded and felt a tear run down her cheek.  She wiped it away.    
Chapter 45

NORTHERN BORDERS

	The Colonel turned the group west towards Verity, but after a couple of days, he abruptly turned everyone north.  
"Now, where's he leading us?"  Alex asked Governor Tyrone.
	"I guess I forgot to tell you, Alex.  We're going to see Governor Reinhart of Northern Borders, an old friend of mine.  I want to introduce Mala."
Alex pulled her hood tighter around her head.  The wind was cold, mixed with frequent bouts of snow as they passed by farms and small villages.  The farms were brown and barren with stone fences, dusted with snow.  In the villages, homes and shops lined the street like soldiers standing in formation.  Snow lay on the thatched roofs, and smoke poured out of the chimneys.  
In spite of the weather, many people waved and greeted Colonel Jeffrey and his trackers.  Young women leaned out of second floor windows, blowing kisses at them, but frowned when they saw the Scinthian women.  
Ahead, Alex saw a large sign announcing the town of Rhun, the largest city of Northern Borders.  It was situated along the southern coast of a frozen bay that opened to the sea.  Once through a tall protective wall, the streets were made of cobblestones and crowded with people.  Buildings were painted white with colorful emblems, adding charm to otherwise drab exteriors. 
Colonel Jeffrey led the way to the Garrison.  He was obviously well known here as people on the street shouted his name as he rode by.  
When they stopped, Colonel Hemming, the Army Garrison Commander met them.  Colonel Jeffrey greeted him with a salute.  After dismounting, he spoke to him briefly, and then led the group to a house nearby.  It was a two-story building, painted white with a thatched roof.  A distinctive emblem of a clover was painted in green, blue, and yellow on the second floor wall.
Tula and the Scinthians were led away to set up camp outside the city.  
Alex knew of Colonel Hemming--he hated Colonel Penser and publicly questioned his leadership and skill.  As they dismounted, the Colonel came over to meet the Governor. 
	"Alex, come here.  This is Lady Alexin, my ward," Governor Tyrone said.  
	Alex saluted and smiled.

Colonel Hemming nodded, but didn't smile.  He wasn't pleased and let it be known.  "In Northern Borders, we don't allow women in the Army, and they cannot carry weapons.  Verboten.  Another one of Penser's projects."  
	"Mine as well, Colonel Hemming," Governor Tyrone said.
	"I do not mean any disrespect to you, my lord, but allowing women to wear weapons and be in the Army, this is ridiculous.  They cannot fight men." 
	"Colonel, Alex is Captain Beren's sister," Colonel Jeffrey said.  "Do you remember the swordsman from Eastern Borders?"
	"Ya, Beren, very polite.  He never mentioned a sister.  Now, I know why."  
Alex was offended--this wasn't going well.  She didn't say anything, but she could feel the man's hatred.  He ordered his men to take her weapons.  She was furious since the men were allowed to keep theirs.  Governor Tyrone tried to calm her down, but she was angry.  She gave her weapons reluctantly to the Governor, who turned them over to Colonel Hemming's men.  
The soldiers were surprised when she handed over her leg iron.  Only the most elite soldiers wore the Elfin Blade.  They showed it to Colonel Hemming, who was furious.
	"Where did you get this?" 
	Alex tapped her chest with her fist.  "I earned it."  
	"Only the best soldiers have this.  Even Colonel Jeffrey doesn't have one.  How could you do it?"  
	"I went through all the trials and passed.  Governor Tyrone awarded it to me."  
	He pointed his finger at her.  "You wouldn't have gotten it here.  Nein!  You will have to earn it again."
	"You can't take it."  Alex scowled.  
	"Alex," Governor Tyrone said, "that's enough.  Go with Mala."
	Mala took Alex to the next room.  Alex paced the floor and took deep breaths.  Every time she stopped, she got angrier.  
Governor Tyrone and Colonel Hemming argued until Colonel Jeffrey intervened.  The Governor burst into the room and slammed the door behind him.  He glanced at Mala and Alex with fury in his eyes.
	"Colonel Jeffrey said he'll take care of things."  The Governor took several deep breaths.
	Colonel Jeffrey came in.  "What did you say to him, Alex?"
	"He asked me how I got the Elfin Blade, and I told him."
	"How did you get it?" 
	"I went through all the trials--combat skills, a survival test, and I even got a golden scale from the golden dragon."  Alex said.  "I earned it, Colonel Jeffrey.  Governor Tyrone awarded the Blade to me."  She pointed to her chest.
	"I saw it with my own eyes, Colonel Jeffrey.  Alex earned it, and that's why she has it," Governor Tyrone said.  "Why else?"
	"All right, calm down.  I'll handle this."  Colonel Jeffrey didn't believe her, but thought this could be a good opportunity to test her.  If Colonel Hemming had her killed, he would be absolved of guilt.

	Colonel Jeffrey found his mentor, Colonel Hemming, pacing the floor in his office.  
"Jeffrey, this is an outrage.  It destroys the credibility of the Elfin Blade if she can have it.  This is too much.  What does Penser think he's doing?"  He threw his arms out to the side.
	"I agree.  How could a woman handle combat?  What if you test her and make her prove her skill?"  Jeffrey hid his smile.
	"Ya, I can do that.  It will be a surprise.  I have some new trackers who just completed training.  They're good.  What do you know about her skills?  Military skills."  He laughed at the innuendo.
	"She knows how to use a sword, and she's quite clever.  She can use magic, like a witch."
	"Witch?  We will take care of that, too."  He stormed out of his office.
	Colonel Jeffrey knew the old Colonel well.  For many years, he had trained under his direction and knew how to goad him on.  He was also aware of his opinions on military issues, women, and witchcraft.  He smiled at how easy it was to get him to take care of Alex.

Alex spoke little for the rest of the day.  After supper, she went to check on Tattoo who had been favoring one of his legs.  He was in the stables and still laboring on his right rear leg where she found his shoe was loose.  The smithy wasn't far away, so she took him there.  
"Good afternoon, smithy.  My horse needs a new shoe.  Can you fix it?"
"Aye, lass.  Just leave him here with me.  I'll have him taken back to the stables when I'm done."
Just as Alex left his shop, she was spun around by the shoulder and punched in the face.  She fell against the fence and tasted blood.  Her attacker moved forward.  
She scrambled away and got to her knees, but he kicked her in the chest.  Air left her lungs, and she lost her balance again, rolling away.  
The attacker grabbed her collar with one hand, dragging her, while clenching his hand into a fist.  This time, she caught his arm and deflected the blow.  She threw an elbow into his face, and he fell back, holding his bloody nose.  She broke his hold on her and backed away.
Two men grabbed her arms, as a third drew back his fist to hit her.  Alex unleashed a quick kick at the third man, flipping him on his back.  When another man advanced, she kicked him in the face, knocking him to the ground.  She broke free from the two men, kicking one man in the groin and punching the other in the face.  
Another man grabbed her from behind, and they tumbled, rolling over each other.  He got to his feet and pulled her up by the hair, but she kicked him in the crotch.  He screamed in pain and fell over, holding his private parts.  
For a moment, Alex caught her breath, trying to determine how many attackers there were.  But when she heard the sound of metal, she knew someone had drawn a sword.  As she grabbed the sword from the man writhing on the ground, she kicked his crotch again and turned to face her attacker.  
A man ran at her with his sword above his head.  She blocked and countered, looping her sword around his and flicked it from his hand.  She caught the hilt in mid-air and stuck it in the ground behind her.  He stared at his hands in shock.
Another man advanced with his sword bared, but she blocked and disarmed him, throwing his sword behind her.  He backed away, glancing uneasily at the others, but another man attacked.  Once again, she blocked him, took his sword away, and threw it behind her.  It clanged when it hit the other swords.  The men backed away to catch their breath and assess their situation.  
Alex was winning--she smiled to herself.  
Colonel Hemming ran up from behind.  "You fools!  Kill her."
The men glanced at him and then, at her, hesitating.  
"Colonel Hemming, they need your help."  Alex pointed the sword at him.  His presence made her really angry, ready to kill.  She twirled the sword with excitement.  
"Stop!"  Colonel Jeffrey ran up.  "Stop this now!  All of you."  He stood between the men and Alex.  He held his hands out to protect Colonel Hemming.  "Alex, put your sword down."
	But she held onto it and pointed it at her attackers.  
	Colonel Jeffrey turned to the men.  "Back up."  As they did, Colonel Jeffrey's trackers swarmed in.  Major Jimm took the sword from Alex and gathered the other weapons.
	"Now, what's going on?  What are you doing?"  Colonel Jeffrey asked.
	"Collecting swords," Alex replied.  "I took my horse to the smithy for a new shoe.  I was going back to the house when these men attacked me.  And your friend, the Colonel, urged them on.  I thought you said you would take care of it."
	"What happened?"  Governor Tyrone ran out of the house. 
	"These men attacked me when I took my horse to the smithy."  Alex pointed at them.  "And Colonel Hemming was with them."
	"All right, Alex."  Governor Tyrone pointed to the door.  "Go inside.  Have Mala look at you.  You have blood on your face."
	"It wasn't my fault, Governor.  They attacked me."
	"I know.  Go inside."  He pushed her towards his wife.  
Colonel Jeffrey held up a sword.  "Whose owns this?"
	One man raised his hand.
	"Here."  Colonel Jeffrey tossed it at his feet.
	"Don't give it back to him, Colonel Jeffrey.  Make him earn it," Alex said.
Mala pulled her into the house and tried to clean her face, but Alex wouldn't sit down long enough and stood at the window. 
Colonel Hemming poked his finger at Colonel Jeffrey's chest.  "Why did you bring that witch here?"  
	From inside the house, Alex heard the comment.  He called her a witch.  Why would he call her that?  She hadn't used any Dwarf magic here.  Her mind raced.  Colonel Jeffrey must have told him.  He set this up.  He's the only one who had ever called her that.

	Colonel Jeffrey followed his mentor back to his office.  
"Jeffrey, you didn't answer me.  Why did you bring that damned witch here?" 
"I thought your men could take care of her, mein Colonel."
"They're good men.  She must have used a spell on them."
"I watched her.  She didn't have time to cast any spells.  She beat your fucking trackers."
Colonel Hemming frowned.  "Who trained her?"
"Jonnbo."
"Bastard!  I should bring him back and train these men again."  He turned to Jeffrey with a scowl.  "Or, you could let Jimm come back."
"No, I need him, but I'll let him work with your men while we're here.  This is just fucking great--she beat the crap out of your men.  I'm very disappointed, mein Colonel."
"Disappointed?  How do you think I feel, Jeffrey?"  
Colonel Jeffrey marched away, wondering what it would take to eliminate Alex.  She was better than he imagined.    

	Early the next morning, Governor Tyrone announced they were leaving.  Word was sent to the Scinthian camp, and soon, everyone was ready to leave, except Alex.  Her leg iron, the Elfin Blade, had not been returned.  
Colonel Jeffrey brought it to her a few minutes later.  "Alex, here.  How are you?"
	"Sore."  Alex's eyes were black and blue, and her lips and cheeks had swollen overnight.  Although she had trouble talking, she wore the bruises like a badge of honor.
	"Colonel Hemming said he disciplined the men and apologizes for their actions." 
	"Seriously?  Why doesn't he come here and say it to my face?"  Alex strapped her leg iron on her right thigh and covered it with her long vest and cloak.  "Those men should be put back in training."
	Colonel Jeffrey rubbed his face with his hand and admitted to himself that Alex was good.  How did she know the men were put back in training?  

Everyone mounted up, and Colonel Jeffrey led the way out of Rhun.  
So far as Alex was concerned, she never wanted to come back.  The road was crowded with people and carts, bringing produce and animals for sale in the market.  People yelled at Colonel Jeffrey, and he smiled and waved back like a celebrity.  On the outskirts of town near some trees, he stopped the group to let the horses take water while waiting for the Scinthians.  
The Scinthians arrived with several young male soldiers who turned around as soon as they saw Colonel Jeffrey.  As they left, the Scinthians waved at them and blew kisses.
	"Tula, how was your stay?"  Colonel Jeffrey asked.
	Tula smiled.  "It was wonderful.  I wish we could have stayed longer."  Then, she saw Alex's face.  "Alex, what happened?"
	"Some men attacked me when I took Tattoo to the smithy."  Alex mumbled her words.  "Sorry, it hurts to talk."  
	"Is that why we're leaving?  Thank the stars, you weren't hurt worse.  We can come back another time."   

	After the horses were watered, they mounted up and headed to Verity, another three days' ride.  By the time they got close, Alex had recovered and was talking normally, but stayed near the Scinthians.  When the column approached Verity, Alex and Tula rode up to the Governor.
	"Governor Tyrone, my lord," Tula said, "my girls and I take our leave, and we'll join our sisters at our camp.  Alex said she'll take us there."
	"Yes, of course, it's been a pleasure to have you with us, Tula."  Governor Tyrone nodded.  "Alex, please don't be angry with me anymore."
	"I wasn't angry with you.  It wasn't your fault.  I guess I haven't been very good company.  I apologize, Governor." 
	"You will come to see us at the palace, won't you?"
	"Yes, I'll be there," Alex said.  
Mala hugged Tula and Alex and rode away with the Governor.  
Alex saluted Colonel Jeffrey, but he ignored her.  She turned her horse and rode away with Tula, but turned back to watch the bridal party enter Verity.
	"You should apologize to Colonel Jeffrey, Alex," Tula said.  "I think his feelings have been hurt.  You don't want to lose him."
	Alex stared at her in shock.  "Lose him?  What's that supposed to mean?" 
	"He's madly in love with you, Alex.  He said he was taking you to Northern Borders to introduce you to his friends.  He said he was very disappointed with them."
	"How do you know that?"  Alex raised an eyebrow.
	"I spoke to him.  He said Colonel Hemming was like a second father to him, and he told him he was never returning to Northern Borders.  He doesn't know how to make it up to you."
	"And from this, you think he's madly in love with me?" 
	"And you are with him.  I can tell, and you can't deny it."  She hid her smile.
	"Did he also tell you that he set up five trackers to come after me?  They were supposed to kill me."  
	Tula frowned.  "Oh no--it came true then.  He did try to kill you."  She rode on in silence.
Chapter 46

HITCH IN THE PLAN

Alex led the way to the Scinthian camp and helped put the horses away when Sola ran up to her.    
"Alex!"  Sola waved at her.
"Hi, Sola, good to see you."  She hugged her.  
"I'll take care of your horse.  You need to check on Lila right away."  She pointed over her shoulder to the cave.
"What's wrong?"
"She's been acting weird ever since you left.  She doesn't want to come out of her den."
"Why not?"
"She won't tell us.  We even bring her food, and she only eats half of it.  If it means anything, Colonel Jeffrey was seen around here about the same time it started."
"Shit!"  Alex clenched her fists.  She picked up her bag and went to the storeroom, finding Thania sitting in the opening to Lila's room.  
Thania stood up.  "It's about time you got back!  What did you do to Lila?"  
"Nothing."  Alex shook her head.
"Every time we say your name, she starts crying.  And she won't tell us why." 
"I didn't do anything.  Maybe it was Colonel Jeffrey.  Sola said he was in the area."
"He's the Commander of this region.  He can come around if he wants to."
"Isn't it amazing he showed up in Nyla?"
"What?  He found you?"
"Yes, why?"
"I thought he might be looking for you, but I wasn't sure.  Sera was already gone."
"He probably threatened Lila."
"Lila would have told me.  Talk to her and find out what's wrong."  Thania leaned into Alex's face--her eyes opened wide.  "Do something."  With that, she stormed off.

Alex took a deep breath and sat down at the threshold to Lila's room.  She put on a smile.  "Hi, Lila, I'm back."  
Lila looked up from her sewing.  "Welcome back."  She looked down.
"What's wrong?"  Alex was shocked by Lila's appearance.  Her hair was unkempt, and her face was dirty, streaked with dried tears.  She had lost a lot of weight.
"Nothing."  She sniffled.
"I don't believe you.  Something's wrong.  Did you have a fight with Beren?"
Lila shook her head, but tears rolled down her cheeks. 
"Did I have a fight with you?"  Alex grinned.  
"Don't be silly.  You weren't even here."  She sobbed.
"Lila, you can't hide anything from me."  Alex bit her lip.  "Did Colonel Jeffrey ask you about me?" 
Lila's eyes got very wide, and she focused on her darning again.  She held the sock close to her face.
"I thought so.  He wanted to know where I was, didn't he?  That's how he knew I was in Nyla.  It's all right.  I'm sorry you got involved."  
Lila looked up.  "I didn't know you went there.  I told him you went to see Prince Darin in Southport.  I'm sorry."  She burst into tears.
"Then he must have found out from Major Nita and Thania.  Don't worry.  I won't say a word to him.  He won't hurt you--I won't let him."  
"I don't want him to hurt Beren.  He said he'd kill us if I said anything."  She covered her face and cried.
"You didn't tell me anything.  Besides, Beren can probably beat him at swords.  Remember, he's the champion." 
"Yes."  Lila looked up and chewed on her lip.
"You need to come out and wash your face.  Come on."  Alex held out her hand to Lila who took it.  As soon as Lila touched Alex's hand, she broke down into tears again, so Alex held her for a while.  "Everything's all right, Lila.  Let's get out of here." 
As they left the room, Alex nodded to Thania and mouthed, "Colonel Jeffrey," much to Thania's chagrin. 
Alex urged her to clean up, and they got something to eat.  Then she helped her straighten out the storeroom.  By the time they went to sleep, Lila was almost back to normal.

The next day, Alex found her time was filled with training assignments from Thania and a new patrol.  Lila felt renewed and was busy with supplies, so Alex didn't see her for the rest of the day.  Alex went out with an early patrol and returned to camp close to midnight.  She ate some leftover coney stew for supper and crawled into bed.
	Alex fell asleep, but woke up with a start when she heard a loud female scream.  She got up and put on her sword as she grabbed her bow and arrow sleeve.  
Just outside the cave, several male soldiers stood in a circle around two men, wrestling with Cora.  She screamed, but one man put his hand over her mouth and held her while another ripped her shirt and squeezed her breasts.  The other men watched and cheered.  
Alex was infuriated.  To her right, two girls came up beside her.  She motioned for them to keep quiet and get their arrows ready.
	"Shoot them!"  Alex shot her arrow--the only arrow.  One man fell and pulled Cora down with him.  The other men scattered, and Cora ran to safety.
	"Kira, we should go after them.  Let's go."  Alex drew her sword.
	"No, Alex, they're Forest soldiers.  We don't want to kill them, only stop them from what they're doing.  I'll report this to Major Nita."
	"What?"  Alex backed down when Major Nita and Thania entered the room.  As she explained what happened, the injured man was taken away by his friends.
Major Nita turned to Thania.  "Find us a new campsite.  I must report this to the Commandant." 

	Major Nita took Alex and Cora directly to the Commandant.  After hearing the story, he called in his Deputy and Colonel Jeffrey.  He made Alex explain the situation again.  
The Deputy left to investigate and returned a short while later.  "Commandant, one of our men is at the healing house with an arrow in his chest.  He admitted that he was near the cave, but claims he was attacked for no reason."
The Commandant frowned and called Major Nita in.
"Major Nita, we found one of our soldiers at the healing house with a serious chest injury, but at this point, he's accusing Alex of an unprovoked attack."
"That's impossible.  He's lying."  The Major's face turned red.
"I'll continue to investigate.  In the meantime, Alex, you must stay with the Major and be available for questioning.  Do you understand?"
"Yes, Commandant.  It'll give me time to brush up on my archery.  I usually don't miss my target."  Alex gritted her teeth and glared at him.
"Alex, we're leaving now."  Major Nita pulled her out the door as Alex continued to glare at him.  The Major was shocked and angry, but didn't want a confrontation.  And Alex seemed too angry, angrier than she had ever seen her.  

	When they returned to camp, Thania took the Major to another site several miles away, hidden by trees and large boulders.  Major Nita ordered an immediate evacuation.  As a precaution, patrols were sent out, and watches posted to look for any intruders.  New viewing stations were established, and new patrol routes planned.  
	Lila got three new assistants and was forbidden to travel to the Regiment alone.  A patrol escorted them to the edge of the trees, several hundred feet away and watched as the four girls approached the Regiment.  They got supplies and left.  The patrol escorted them back by a different route and made certain that no one followed them.  
	"Alex, this is awful," Lila said.  "The men won't even talk to us.  They're blaming you, and it wasn't even your fault.  Beren said we should wait a little longer before we get married.  I'm afraid he'll change his mind.  What am I going to do?"
	"He won't change his mind, Lila.  Don't worry."  Alex hugged her and knew this had to be one of Colonel Jeffrey's ploys.  The Colonel knew the location of the camp and was aware of the Scinthian's security system.  Therefore, he knew how to avoid it.  Those men had passed through undetected.

*	*	*

	The next day, Major Nita and Thania attended the weekly meeting with the Commandant.  As part of the patrol, Alex accompanied them and waited in the woods just south of the Regiment.  
Major Nita beckoned them over from the window.
	Kira, who was in charge of the patrol, led the way.  The patrol stood mounted on horses outside the building as Major Nita opened the window.  
	"Kira, bring the patrol inside."
	Kira and the others went in, while Alex stayed outside to watch the horses.  Then, Thania came out.
	"Alex, come inside."  Thania waved at her.  
"No."  
"Major Nita wants you inside--now!"  
Alex hesitated, but followed her. 

	When Alex went in, she eyed the soldiers coolly--the crowded room fell silent.  She saluted the Commandant, and he motioned for her to sit.  
	"Alex, the spring solstice is tomorrow.  We need to have you guide us to Agana using the tunnel you found," the Commandant said.  
	Alex stared blankly at him.  She wanted to refuse, but didn't want to leave Sarga, hanging out on a limb.
"Yes, she will," Major Nita said. 
Alex stared at the Major, uncertain if she was angry with her or thankful for making the decision.
	"Excellent.  Work with Colonel Jeffrey."  The Commandant turned to Major Nita.  "We'll need our Scinthian sisters to help us in this operation.  May we count on it?"
	"You have our assistance," the Major said.
	Colonel Jeffrey stood up.  "The Forest soldiers of this Regiment offer our apologies to our Scinthian sisters.  We need your help with this mission.  As you know, the pirates have re-grouped and are planning an attack on Agana.  The twins, Ingma and Sigma, have a small army of about a hundred, and there are another two to three hundred men with the Elf Mellen.  We also believe that pirate groups from the north will attack since the river is now open to shipping.  
"Ten ships from the King of Southport will block the northern group.  Twelve Elf ships will block the port of Agana and the mouth of the river.  
"Our role is to send two hundred men secretly into the palace to reinforce the palace guards and assist the current leader, Sarga.  Although he has over a thousand men, he can rely on less than half.  That's not enough to stop the twins, especially if it leads to a full-scale rebellion.  Aganan soldiers will give their loyalty to the strongest leader, whichever way the wind blows.  Alex will guide us to the palace through the underground tunnels.  The Scinthians will care for our horses and set up a healing house.  The operation begins now."   
Everyone hesitated.  Colonel Jeffrey clapped his hands to get their attention.  "Let's go!  Mount up."

 	Alex got up to leave, but Colonel Jeffrey grabbed her arm.  "Meet me in front.  You'll lead the way."
Beren came up to her.  "Be careful, Alex." 
"I will.  Thanks, Beren."  Alex smiled at him, gave him a hug, and ran towards the smithy to sharpen her blades on his wheel, picking up a full sleeve of arrows on the way as a spare.  
The stable yard was full of activity.  Saddled horses stood to one side.  Alex gave her blades a quick pass on the grinding wheel and ran off to her horse.  
When Colonel Jeffrey and Major Jimm mounted their horses, it was time to go.  Alex rode up beside the Colonel at the head of the column and headed south.  At the cave, they dismounted and the Scinthians took their horses away.  

Colonel Jeffrey mustered his men while Alex showed them how to use a dragon torch.  She had the Scinthians hand out the torches. 
	Then, Fala and a squad of Scinthian healers came up with supplies to set up a healing house in the cave.  
	"Fala, you need to set up in the Dwarf city, not here in the cave."
	"I don't want to be underground, Alex."
	"It'll be all right.  The buildings are sturdy, and there's fresh water nearby.  You need to be closer to the action."
	"Do we have to?"
	"Yes.  Come on."  Alex waved her hand at her.  
	Fala picked up her gear and waited for the signal to move out.
 
	"Let's go."  Colonel Jeffrey picked up a torch and lit it.  
Alex led them downstairs to the River Tunnel, running at a swift pace, but pausing periodically to check behind her.  Colonel Jeffrey and Major Jimm were on her heels, but the column stretched back for a distance.  At the end of the tunnel, they paused on the landing.  
They entered Orunga, the Dwarf City and allowed time for the column to catch up.  Fala moved into a building along the main street to set up a healing station.  There was water nearby, and it was large enough to handle many casualties.  
Alex moved out, leading the way down the City Tunnel.  Once again, she ran hard.  When she reached the Market Tunnel, she stopped and waited for the rest to catch up.  From there, it was a short distance to the palace.  At the bottom of the stairs, Alex put out her torch and approached the door.  She unlocked it with her Dwarf key and pushed it open. 
Colonel Jeffrey and Major Jimm ran in behind her, followed by the rest of the men.  
Alex climbed the steps to the next floor and saw several soldiers, standing guard in the hallway.  She returned downstairs to report in.  
"Colonel Jeffrey, there are soldiers in the hallway upstairs, but they aren't Sarga's." 
	"How do you know?" 
	"They're wearing the wrong colors.  They're wearing blue and green uniforms.  Sarga's colors are brown and gold."  She stopped when she heard a noise above her and saw her friend, Baraberi, on the stairs.  "And the Elves are here.  I can feel Mellen.  Wait, I have an idea."
	"What are you doing?"  
	"See her?"  Alex pointed at Baraberi.  "She's a friend of mine.  I'll ask her what's going on."  She handed her bow and arrow sleeve to Major Jimm and ran upstairs to meet Baraberi as she turned the corner.  Alex put her finger to her mouth.  Baraberi's eyes widened, and she smiled.  Alex took her to Colonel Jeffrey.
	"This is Baraberi," Alex said.
	"I've met the Colonel before, Alex.  Why are you here, Colonel?"
	"We've come to help Sarga."  
	"You're too late.  The twins came yesterday.  They locked my uncle in a room up there.  All of his men were taken to prison."
	"What prison?"  Alex asked.
	"The same one you got us out of before, Lady Alexin.  Can you do it again…please?"
	Alex wrinkled her brow.  "How did they get in?"
	"They broke through the walls with a battering ram."
	"Major Jimm, can you send some men down the tunnel to get them?"  Alex asked.
	"Show me the way."  
They ran downstairs to the tunnel--Alex pointed him to the left down the Market Tunnel.  "Major, this tunnel leads directly to the Mine.  There's no way to get lost." 
The Major turned to one of his trackers.  "Gibson, take two squads with you and get those soldiers out of that prison."
"Yes, sir."  Gibson ran off as Alex and the Major returned to the palace.  

	While they were gone, Colonel Jeffrey asked Baraberi for more information.  "Where's Sarga?"
	"On the next floor up, over there.  There are guards outside the door." 
	"Is he all right?"
	Baraberi nodded.  "I think so."
	"Why didn't they kill him?"
	"I don't know, Colonel."  She shrugged.  "Sarga can be very persuasive."
"Where's my brother, Captain Lawrence?"
"He's in the Ambassador's office.  Ambassador Wendell is dead."  
Colonel Jeffrey gasped.  "What do you mean he's dead?  How?"
"He drank some poison.  It was a complete shock to everyone."
"Why?"  The Colonel shook his head. 
"I don't know why.  His note didn't say." 
The Colonel paused, shocked by the loss of his good friend.  Tears came to his eyes, but just then Alex and the Major returned.
"Baraberi, have you seen any Elves here?"  Alex asked.
	"Yes, they were upstairs."  She looked up.  "There were a lot of them."
	"Is there one called Mellen?"  
"Yes, he makes me feel cold."  She wrapped her arms around her shoulders.   
"Baraberi, take me to Captain Lawrence."  Colonel Jeffrey pulled a dress coat from his pack.  "Jimm, take Alex with you and make sure Sarga's safe.  He's upstairs."  
	"What are you doing?"  Alex asked.
	"Jimm, take over.  Let's go, Baraberi."  Colonel Jeffrey took her by the hand and went upstairs. 
Chapter 47

AGANA

For several days, Seculus had stayed close to the Water Elf ships, patrolling the mouth of the river, when he suddenly changed course and veered towards Agana.
	Olivia noticed the change and went to speak to him.  "Seculus, shouldn't we stay with the Water Elf ships?"  She ran her hand through her hair--she didn't like this change in direction.
	"Prince Darin wants my help in Agana.  The harbor is finally free of ice, and a small ship can dock quickly at the harbor."  He looked at her.  "Olivia, you must stay below deck, out of sight.  The pirates may come for you."
	"Why?  Because I'm a journalist?"
	"No, because you're a woman.  They will take you and sell you as a slave."
	"No, they won't."  
	"They will if you don't follow my orders.  Stay below, out of sight."
Olivia stormed below deck and waited.  John went down to comfort her, but she burst into tears of frustration.  She wanted to see what was happening.  Trying to follow the events from a small porthole was difficult to say the least.  As the ship pulled into port, John went topside to see if he could help.
The Elves jumped off the ship to tie it up, and Olivia could follow their activity, but not enough, so she went forward to look out of another porthole.  Not far away on the palace grounds, she saw fighting and narrated the scenes into her tape recorder.  To her left, some men poured off a ship, and she gasped as more men ran by from another direction. 
Through the porthole, Olivia saw Seculus and his Elves, running into the crowd with swords drawn.  Her view of events was terrible.  Switching off the recorder, she slid it in her pocket and found a long brown cloak with a hood to put on.  Silently, she crept upstairs.  
As soon as she opened the door, she saw John run down the gangplank with a long sword in his hand.  Olivia was shocked.  Even though he knew martial arts, he had never intended to use it in battle.  She closed her eyes and prayed that he would be all right.
Behind the short walls of the ship, Olivia crouched down and ran forward, peeking over the side at the action.  She turned around sharply when she heard the floor creak.  
A strange man grinned at her.  "I thought I saw a sheila.  You're coming with me."  He reached out for her.
She screamed as loud as she could and threw the first thing she grabbed--some rope.  She fell back a few steps and regained her balance.  When he stepped closer, she sent a roundhouse kick to his face.  He fell to the deck, but shook it off and stood up, laughing.  He held his arms out to her.  
"A feisty one.  I won't hurt you.  Come to me."    
As he stepped forward, he was shot from behind, and three arrow points protruded from his chest, splattering Olivia with blood.  The man fell dead at her feet.  
Olivia screamed and backed away, wiping the blood off her face.  "Omigod!"
Three Water Elves jumped on deck from the Elf ship that pulled up beside the Locust.  Prince Darin in full dragon armor, nodded to her as his Elves quickly tied up to the ship, and he came onboard.  He checked on her, then ran off the ship while two Elves picked up the dead man and threw him overboard.  They stayed behind to protect her as the rest ran into battle.  
Chapter 48

THE BLUE SWORD

Inside the palace, Alex watched with confusion as Colonel Jeffrey escorted Baraberi away as if they were going to a ball.  She turned to Major Jimm.  "We need to take out those soldiers guarding Sarga."  
	"Captain Green, take your patrol with Alex.  Who's your best archer?"
"Rusty."  Captain Green beckoned him over.
	"Go with Alex," the Major said.  "I'm going to wait here for the Colonel."  
Quietly, Alex ran upstairs with Captain Green and his squad.  She signaled to Rusty that there were two guards in the hall at the door.  She'd take the man on the right, and he had the man on the left.  The two soldiers stood straight and tall at their posts; Alex jumped out with Rusty beside her, and they shot their arrows at the same time.  Both guards fell before they could react.  Captain Green ran to the door and kicked it open.
The Captain and his men rushed the guards inside, overpowering them.  Sarga sat in a chair in the corner, a look of surprise on his face.
	Captain Green saluted him.  "My name is Captain Green from the Forest Army.  We've come to help you.  Are there any other guards here?
	"No, that's all.  They've taken my men and locked them away."  
	"We're sending some men to free them." 
	Sarga was surprised to see Alex in the room.  "Alex, how are my men getting out if you're here?"
	"Someone else will get them.  Are you all right?  Are you injured anywhere?"
	"I'm fine.  When it came time to kill me, the twins lost their nerve.  What's next?"
	Major Jimm ran in.  "Is everyone all right?"
	"Yes," Captain Green said.  "Lord Sarga, this is Major Jimm, Colonel Jeffrey's second."
	"The Colonel wants us to meet him in the throne room," Major Jimm said. 
Baraberi ran into the room and threw her arms around Sarga.
	"Baraberi, is there another way into the throne room?" Alex asked her.
	"Yes, I'll show you."    
"You go with Alex."  The Major pointed to a group of men.  "The rest will come with me.  Lord Sarga, I think it'd be safer for you to stay here."  
"Absolutely not.  Give me a sword.  I'll show you the way."  Sarga snatched a sword from one of the dead guards.   

*	*	*

On the top floor of the palace, Mellen heard swords clanging below.  "What's going on?"
"Sounds like fighting."  Thorne turned his ear to the door.
"Where's Tarsin?"
"Where else?  On the gambling ship."
Just then, a soldier rushed into the room.  "Forest soldiers!  Sarga's free."
Alarmed by the news, Mellen reached for the bottle of potion and drank it all.

Shadows of the Dark World, come forth.  

Three large black forms appeared in front of him; their dark energy pulsated.  

Enter me and give me your strength.  

He closed his eyes as the Shadows entered his body.  He felt a surge of power and energy--he felt invincible.  He smiled confidently.
"Thorne, gather our Elves.  We will meet the enemy in the throne room."  Mellen led the way down the stairs, followed by Thorne and three Elves.  
Shaking his head, the soldier ran away in the other direction.

*	*	*

	Sarga and Major Jimm ran into the hall, but Alex and Baraberi went to the left.  Baraberi led her to a door at the end of the hall where there was a small staircase.  
Alex climbed the stairs quietly.  The voices of Colonel Jeffrey and Captain Lawrence came from the other side of a curtain and drew her on. 
	When Alex heard the main doors open in the other room, she peeked through the curtains and saw Major Jimm tossing a sword to Colonel Jeffrey.  He turned and thrust it into one of the twins.  Sarga pointed his sword at the other one still sitting on the second throne.  In moments, both were dead, but fighting erupted in the room.
	Alex gently pushed Baraberi against the wall to protect her as the Forest soldiers rushed past them.  
From the other side of the curtain, a large Aganan soldier ripped it open, and Baraberi screamed.  
The man attacked, but Alex held him off.  Her arms gave way under his powerful blow, but she recovered and plunged her sword into his chest.  As she pulled her sword out, he stumbled backwards and pulled the curtain down.  Baraberi rushed past her just as a loud cheer rose.   
 
Without warning, Alex felt Mellen's strong presence and a chill from the Shadows.  A group of five Elves marched in through the side door, led by Mellen himself.  
"Elves!"  Alex pointed to the right.
Mellen had a sword in his hand and a fierce look on his face.  He stopped momentarily when he entered and raised his hands.

Shadows of the Dark World, come forth.

Five large black Shadows appeared and waited for their next instruction.

Kill them.

The Shadows floated forward.  
"Shadows!  Everyone back."  Alex waved her arms to push everyone back and raised her sword at them.  "Stop!  Shadows, be gone!"  
To Alex's astonishment, her sword turned bright blue, like a blue beacon in her hand.  She whirled it over her head at the Shadows, shooting intense bursts of blue light at them, and one by one, they exploded into a mass of red sparks.  
Enraged, Mellen screamed and attacked her with his sword.  She met his blade with a loud clang.  Alex attacked fiercely, but he blocked and responded with his own.  Before she knew it, he grabbed her hand and wrestled her sword away, knocking it to the floor.  
Then, Alex held her hand up to his face and shouted, "Shadow, go away!"  The blue light from her hand struck him in the face, and he fell back.  Three Shadows rose from his body, bursting into red sparks, and they disappeared.  Mellen stared at her in confusion.  Then, as he raised his sword at her, she pulled out her Elfin Blade, digging it deep into his chest.   
Mellen stared in horror at the hilt, sticking out of his chest.  He dropped his sword, then turned and stared at Thorne.  As he reached out for his friend, he drew his last breath and died.  
The other Elves watched in horror.  Thorne dropped his sword, raising his hands in surrender when Alex pointed her sword at him.  Captain Green ordered the rest of the Elves to drop their weapons, and his men moved in to take control.  They forced them to lie on the floor as his men tied their arms behind their backs. 
 Alex and Captain Green secured the room.   
"Are you all right, Baraberi?"  Alex asked her.
Baraberi hugged her.  "We must thank you, Lady Alexin, once more."
Sarga came over and embraced her.  "I must also thank you, Alex." 
"Is everyone here all right?"  Colonel Jeffrey asked.  
"We are, but he isn't.  There's Mellen for you."  Alex pointed to the dead body with her Elfin blade, sticking out of his chest.  She took a deep breath and felt relieved of a great burden.  Part of the Blood Mission was complete--now, where was Tarsin?
Colonel Jeffrey paused and stared at the body for a moment.  "Well done, Alex." 
	The palace was in Sarga's control, and Mellen was dead.  The rest of Agana, however, was still in flux. 
Outside, there was a cheer from the right.  Through the window, Alex saw Sarga's banner flying, upside-down.  
"They're coming!"  She pointed out the window.
Men ran off the ships with weapons in hand while others gathered in the market with their swords raised.  More joined on both sides.  Alex wasn't sure which group of men was fighting for whom.  
From behind, soldiers in Sarga's colors ran down the street, and a large battle ensued.  
"They must be from the prison," Colonel Jeffrey said.  "Look, there's Gibson."  
Gibson stood taller than most of the Aganan soldiers and led the attack.  The other Forest soldiers joined in the battle.  Soldiers from the palace poured into the courtyard and opened the palace gates to join the battle for the streets.  

At the port, Water Elves ran into the harbor, attacking the pirates and heading towards the palace.  Confusion reigned for several long minutes, until Sarga's men raised their swords in victory, calling his name.
"Victory!"  Sarga raised his sword.  
Colonel Jeffrey nodded as men cheered and slapped him on the back.  
Prince Darin ran up to them.  "Colonel Jeffrey, is everything resolved?"  
"Good to see you, Prince Darin.  We have some Elves that need to be taken care of." 
"We'll take care of them, and this time, they won't escape.  Where's Mellen?" 
"Inside.  He's dead.  Alex did it."
"I'm impressed.  We'll take care of him.  Lord Odin has a reward for his death."
"How much?"
"A thousand gold knots.  He's been on the run for a long time."  
Jeffrey let out a low whistle.  "No longer."
Alex ran up to Prince Darin and saluted.  "Prince Darin, you came.  Are you all right?"
"I'm doing much better, now that Mellen and Tarsin are dead."
Alex gasped.  "Tarsin?  Where'd you find him?"  
"On the docks.  Your Blood Mission is complete, Alex.  Well done."  He slapped her on the shoulder.
"Not bad for an ugly mongrel."  Alex grinned.
"Not bad at all, dear cousin."  Then, he embraced her.  Prince Darin turned away and ordered his Elves to gather the body of Mellen and the other Elf prisoners.

*	*	*

Back in the witches' cottage in Southport, Aqua added a cup of dried passion flower roots to the potion and stirred the pot.  This was the new love potion she'd planned to sell in the market.  Her table was set up with small bottles, ready to be filled as soon as it was done.  She clapped her hands gleefully and thought of the riches they were going to make.  Each bottle would sell for a brassie, and there were a hundred of them.  
She giggled until a flash of blue light caught her eye.  The face of the Elf Mellen appeared on the window--his eyes wide with confusion.  Three bursts of red sparks exploded across the glass and disappeared.  The window turned black.  Aqua stared at it and went over to touch it with her hand.  It was ice cold.
	"Aqua?  Are you finished with the potion yet?"  Eclipse came in the room.  "It's boiling over."  She rushed to the pot and moved it from the heated part of the stove.  "Aqua, the potion's ruined.  What's wrong?"  
	"The window.  I just had a vision of the Elf Mellen--the Black Elf killed him.  She's powerful, Eclipse, the most powerful Elf on Seaward Isle." 

*	*	*

The muster revealed that out of two hundred Forest soldiers, eight men were unaccounted for, fifteen men were killed in the fighting, and almost all had an injury of some kind.  Most of the injuries weren't severe, however.  The men retreated down the tunnel to Verity. 
Alex, Colonel Jeffrey, and Major Jimm reached the Dwarf City and found the missing men in the healing house.  Colonel Jeffrey threatened them, but Fala insisted that their help had been essential to get everything set up.  The Colonel relented, and she bandaged the minor injuries on his arm and leg.  Major Jimm had wounds to his cheek and arm, and even Alex had a cut on her arm. 

From Agana, Captain Lawrence escorted Ambassador Wendell's body through the tunnel.  Four soldiers carried it wrapped in white muslin on a litter, which emanated a strong odor of the herbs and oils used to preserve the body.  As Wendell had requested, his remains were being returned to Verity. 
"What happened, Captain?" Alex asked.
"I don't know.  He poisoned himself, but didn't say why.  Sarga thought it might have been his story about arresting Pashamon's nephews.  He made it up to get a reaction."  Captain Lawrence had tears in his eyes.  "I think he was right."
Colonel Jeffrey lifted the cloth covering the face.  His lips were pressed together to keep from crying until he saw Wendell's whitened face.  Then, he burst into tears.  He threw his arms around Lawrence, and they wept together for a few moments. 
"I'll give you a hand, Lawrence.  Alex, lead us back."  The Colonel waved her ahead.
Alex saw the whiteness of the Ambassador's face and bowed her head.  She knew he had used snowflake.
Colonel Jeffrey moved on in silence until they arrived at the tunnel exit.    
	"Alex, close this up once everyone's out," Colonel Jeffrey said.
	"All right." 
	"We have to take Wendell's body to the palace."  
The men found their horses and used one to carry the body.  They rode away, leaving Alex behind.
	After they were gone, Alex went to her old room at the cave and went to sleep.  It had been a long, hard day.

When she woke, she lay in the dark, thinking about all that had happened.  The mission was a success--Sarga was back in control, and Mellen was dead.  She rubbed her face and stretched, hoping it was real.  When she stepped outside, the sun was just rising.
Alex went to the horse cave and found Tattoo.  She got him some feed and water and went to the tunnel.  With a new dragon torch in hand, she headed back down.  She hiked all the way and found no one, even the Scinthian healers had left.  As she returned, she closed and locked all the openings.
	By the time she got back, she was starving.  When she got Tattoo, he greeted her noisily, and she stroked his long neck and saddled him.  She rode to the new Scinthian camp in the woods, but found it empty.  Her bag was still hidden in the small alcove where she had left it.  She looked around in disbelief.  Where was everyone?  As she rode to the Regiment, she found an old piece of Elf bread in her bag and ate it along with some water to fill the void. 
Chapter 49

THE JOURNAL

To Olivia, it seemed like hours before John returned to the ship.  He smiled and showed her his sword techniques.
"I feel like a swashbuckling hero, but I'm not sure who or why I was fighting."  He laughed.  "Oh, by the way, I saw that girl with black hair in the palace--Lady Alexin.  She was with Sarga."
"What was she doing?"
"I ran into the throne room and saw her with a blue sword.  Man, was it wicked!  She destroyed these black things floating around with some kind of blue light that came off her sword, and then, she had a fight with the Elf Mellen.  She shot him with a blue light from her hand and stabbed him in the chest with this super long knife."
"She killed him?  Really?"  Olivia could hardly believe it.  "What do you mean her sword was blue?  How did she shoot a blue light at him?"
"I don't know."  
Olivia remembered seeing her sword as it flashed by her face in the prison, but it was silver.  And here she was in the middle of the action once again.  Maybe it was her job description.  But why?  What motivated her?  Olivia was fascinated and at the same time, resented these men who were giving orders.  If they weren't careful, they were going to get Alex killed before she had a chance to talk to her. 

Seculus and his Elves returned to the ship to check on his passengers.
"John, Olivia, are you all right?"
"Yes, we're fine, Seculus," John said.
"We got here just in time.  We helped Sarga retain power, and Agana is safe once more," Seculus said.  "Prince Darin has asked me to stay behind to help clean up, so I will take you to an inn near the harbor for a few days.  It's called the Seaman's Inn." 
John and Olivia packed their belongings and followed Seculus to the inn.  Over the next few days, they visited the market in Agana, toured the palace, and went to a concert.  Olivia felt like she was on vacation in Europe.  Then, Seculus took them back to Southport. 

*	*	*

Back at her desk in the Journal's office, Olivia couldn't focus on the article for her campaign and concentrated instead on her piece about her experience at the Green Stone Mine.  
Her editor came in and sat on the corner of her desk.  "Did you finish the article on the campaign, Olive?"    
"No, I need to finish this one about the Mine first.  I can't stop thinking about it.  You know, I really wish you would stop calling me Olive and stop sitting on my desk."  
"I want the article about your campaign.  It's very important."
"So is this, and it's real news, Herr Editor."
"My name is Spurlenger."
"I know.  I'm sorry, I can't pronounce it."
"You see?  That's why I call you Olive.  Let me see what you have.  Who is this fraulein you are talking about?"
"She rescued us."
"What's her real name?"
"I have to protect her identity for now.  I need to do some more research."
He pointed adamantly at the article.  "Olive, you must put the fraulein's name in here.  It's not complete."
"How about we just use the name the Black Elf.  Will that work?"
Herr Editor stared at her.  "Do you mean like this?"  He pulled out a copy of the last edition and handed it to her.  In the corner was a poem titled, "Ode to the Pirate Spy."
As Olivia read it, her jaw dropped.  "Where did you get this?"
"I found it on your desk after you left.  I put it in the paper while you were gone.  We have a new poetry section."

Ode to the Pirate Spy

A man of power and prestige, deceiver for a prize,
What price is he to pay--what is his sacrifice?
When youthful intervention comes about,
To find the pirate spy.

The Black Elf must succeed or meet the end,
It begins with innocence when
A chance encounter becomes a dangerous mission,
To catch the pirate spy.

On a journey to the northern land,
Where pirates abound without remand,
The lair awaits the proper time,
To kill the pirate spy.

The Black Elf must be bold,
When in the pirate stronghold,
Tangled omens intertwined,
To slay the pirate spy.

Witches and wizards, Elves and Dwarves,
Gods and mortals, storms lock doors,
The Black Elf's power will arise,
To extract the sacrifice.

-Anonymous


Chapter 50

THE AMBASSADOR'S WAKE
		
Alex rode up to the Regiment in Verity.  The only person she found inside was a cook who sat on a chair in the kitchen.
	"Where is everyone?"  Alex asked.
	"They're up at the King's house having a party.  What are you doing here?"   
	Alex rubbed her stomach.  "I need something to eat.  I can't remember the last time I had food.  Do you have any biscuits or anything?"   
	"Here you go."  He handed her a basket.  "They're left over from this morning, but you can still eat them.  You'd better get to the party, Miss.  They're waiting for you."
	"What's the party for?"
	"Victory over the pirates.  Have a good time."  He waved.  
"Thanks."  Alex shoved a biscuit in her mouth and took a handful, putting them in her pocket.  She rode her horse to the palace, eating on the way.  

The palace was lit up, and people sang and danced all over the grounds.  Many of the guests had too much to drink and staggered around.  
Alex went in and was greeted by a manservant who took her cloak and showed her where to go.  She strolled into the large ballroom, greeted by cheers.  Someone put a goblet of wine in her hand, and people danced around her.  But she didn't recognize any of them.
Everyone wore fine clothes, but Alex had on the same uniform she'd worn for the last few days.  Her face and hair were dirty, but she didn't care.  The maid, Isabel, handed her a damp towel and took her bag as Alex wiped her hands and face quickly.  She saluted the King, who gave her a big hug.  The Queen, Lady Gena, embraced her as well. 
Colonel Jeffrey came over and smiled, raising his glass to her.
	"This is quite a party," Alex said.
	"It's a wake for Ambassador Wendell."
	"I was told it was for our victory over the pirates."
	"That, too."  He lifted his glass and sipped his wine.  
	"Where are the Scinthians?"
	"They moved their camp this morning.  If you look out the back of the palace, you'll see their new one."  He gestured to the window with his glass.  "Although I do believe Tula was trying to talk them into going to Northern Borders.  I assume you closed everything up."
	"Yes, no one will get in unless they speak Dwarf.  I need to find the Commandant."  
	On the way, Alex paused to stare out the window at the Scinthian tents.  
Major Nita came up from behind.  "Alex, did you close up the tunnels?"
	"Yes, I see you moved the camp.  I was a little surprised when I went to look for you."
	"Sorry, I decided that this must end.  We must return to Scinthia."
	"I understand, but I'll miss you."
	"We'll miss you, too, but this is where our paths must part.  My mother has released you as her Sacred Warrior.  Take care, Alex."
	"I should give you the sword."  Alex started to unbuckle her sword belt, but Major Nita held up her hand.
	"No, the sword is yours--a gift from my mother and my people.  It's time for you to move on and finish your next task."
	"What next task?"  Alex looked at her with surprise.
	"Whatever comes.  There'll be another one, I'm sure."
	"What will happen to the Scinthians?"
	"Don't worry about us.  We'll always have you in our hearts."  She hugged Alex, kissing her gently on the cheek.  Then, she turned away.  The other Scinthians, including Thania and Tula, embraced Alex as they left with the Major.  Sadly, Alex watched them leave, unable to stop the tears falling from her eyes.
  	Alex wiped her face on her sleeve and went on to find the Commandant.  She saluted.  "Good evening, Commandant.  Could we step outside?  I want to report on my mission."
	"Jeffrey gave me a complete report, Alex.  Well done.  Mellen's dead."  The Commandant raised his glass of wine to her and returned to the festivities.
	Disappointed, Alex turned and left as well.  Tired of the party and the noise, she found Isabel, the maid as she tended to some dirty dishes.
	"Isabel, do you know where my trunk is?  Governor Tyrone brought it with him.  I don't see him around."
	"Yes, he retired early.  I emptied the trunk and cleaned all of your clothes.  They're in your room.  I'll take you there.  I just put your traveling bag in there."  Isabel led the way through the maze of stairs and hallways.  They came to a room at the end of a hall.
	"This is very nice."  Alex gazed at the luxurious furnishings and glanced at her dirty clothes.
	Isabel noticed.  "Would you care for a bath?  I can set one up for you.  It'll only take a few minutes."  She opened another door to show her an empty clawfoot tub.
	Alex nodded and removed her sword while Isabel left to fetch water for the bath.  As Alex sat down on a wooden bench, exhaustion set in.  She forced herself to remove the empty leather scabbard from her thigh--her Elfin Blade was still in Mellen's chest.  She wondered if she could get it back and closed her eyes to Elfspeak.
"Prince Darin, may I speak?" 
"Alex, are you all right?"  
"I'm a little tired, but I'm fine.  I wanted to ask you for a favor.  I left my Elfin Blade in Mellen's chest.  I'd like to have it back."
"Of course, but you have to come here to get it.  Thank you again, Alex.  Lord Odin also wants to speak to you, and we all want to celebrate your accomplishment.  You can tell us everything when you get here.  Your grandmother arrives tomorrow morning.  If you leave tonight, you can be here in time to surprise her."
"Oh, that'll be fun.  I'll leave in a little bit.  I'm taking a bath right now."  
Alex's eyes opened when Isabel returned with several servants, carrying buckets of hot water.  They poured them into the tub and filled it halfway.
"It's ready for you, Lady Alexin."  Isabel curtsied.
"Thank you."  Alex sighed and slowly bent over to take off her boots.  
Isabel came over to help her, pulling at her boots and peeling off her sweaty clothes.  She took them away as Alex stepped into the tub.
Once in the water, Alex regained some energy.  She cleaned up and reluctantly stepped out of the tub when Isabel returned with some clean clothes and towels.  Alex dried off and dressed while Isabel cleaned her dirty boots.  
"Thank you, Isabel.  I feel much better."  Alex said.
"It's my pleasure, Lady Alexin.  I've put some tea and biscuits in your room." 
"You think of everything."  She pulled her boots on and picked up her sword.

When Alex returned to her room, she found Lord Ellsworth sitting on the sofa.  
"Come in, Alex.  I've been waiting for you."  He waved her over and patted the cushion.  "Sit down and have some tea."  
Isabel poured her a cup and set it in front of her with a plate of biscuits.  
Alex nodded and nibbled on a biscuit.
Lord Ellsworth nodded at Isabel, and she curtsied and left the room, closing the door.
"How are you?"  Lord Ellsworth asked.
"Fine."  Alex felt relaxed.  "Much cleaner now, thanks to Isabel."  She chuckled softly.  "I guess Colonel Jeffrey told you what happened, didn't he?  The Commandant said he didn't need a report." 
"Yes, well done.  Actually, I came to speak to you on different matter.  As you know, the Scinthians have shut down their training program in Nyla.  Major Nita has decided that the pirate threat has been seriously damaged by this attack, so she intends to return home.  They will be here at the palace until all of them report in, and they can spend some time with my Gena.  Then, they'll go home."  He sipped his tea and continued.
"Consequently, there's no longer any need for you to be their training officer.  Therefore, I release you from your military service, effective immediately.  However, you're still a Lady in my Court and my subject, Lady Alexin." 
Alex stopped eating.  She could hardly believe what she'd just heard.  She had never been anything but a soldier.  
Lord Ellsworth pressed on.  "Your brother, Beren, is repairing your father's house, but it has a long way to go.  You may stay here for as long as you wish.  If you want something, all you need to do is ask."
Alex put her biscuit down.  "In that case, I ask to leave.  I want to return to Nyla.  Governor Tyrone is my sponsor, and I'm his ward.  I'm still underage, so I should return to his care.  Colonel Penser and his wife are my foster parents."
"I'm the King, Lady Alexin.  You'll stay where I tell you."
"You said I could ask."  
"Yes, I did, but you weren't supposed to ask for that.  I also wish to arrange your marriage to Jeffrey when you turn sixteen.  I'll speak to your brother on that matter."
"No way, Lord Ellsworth."  Alex held up her hands.  "Please.  Colonel Jeffrey has already tried to kill me several times.  He even had Colonel Hemming send his trackers after me in Northern Borders.  No, if you want me dead, why don't you just kill me now?"  She put her sword on the table in front of him and held her arms out for a clear path to her heart.
"That's ridiculous.  Why would I want to kill you?" 
"Because of my money.  If I marry Jeffrey, he'll get a dowry based on my inheritance and any reward money due me, which I understand is a lot, but if I don't marry him, the next best thing to do is to kill me.  If I'm dead, my money will go to my brother who is loyal to you.  In fact, you can have all of my money, if you let me go.  Wait--" Alex went to the wardrobe where she saw her traveling bag and pulled out a pouch.  "Here, you can have this too."  She opened the bag and dumped the gold nuggets on the table.
"What's this?"
"Gold.  Real gold.  You can have all of this, my inheritance, and all of the reward money if you let me go."
"What are you talking about?  I don't want your gold or your money."  Lord Ellsworth swallowed hard.  
"Haven't I been a good enough soldier for you to let me go?"
"I've disturbed you for long enough.  You must be exhausted.  As I said, you may stay in this room for as long as you wish or until your brother's house is completed.  You can move in with him at that time.  Good night, Lady Alexin."  He stood up, leaning heavily against his cane and hobbled to the door.
"Lord Ellsworth, can you look me in the eyes and tell me that wasn't your plan?" 
He turned away and left, closing the door quietly.
Alex paused.  She remembered that Prince Darin had told her to come over to see her grandmother and Lord Odin.  She found her keys and the bracelet, which she threw into the traveling bag.  Then she rolled up her green dress and stuffed it into the bag.  She slid in her slippers and closed it up as best she could.  Then, she strapped the empty holster for the Elfin Blade around her leg, put on her sword, and peeked out the window.  
It was very dark on this side of the palace.  She threw her bag into the bushes and climbed out.  She found a foothold and climbed down the side of the building, dropping the last few feet.  After snatching up her bag, she jogged to the stables.
Just as she turned the corner, she heard a man scream and a horse whinnied.  The horse galloped away and in the moonlight, she saw a man in the saddle, bent over.
Colonel Jeffrey stepped out from the darkness, standing in her way.  "Where are you going?"  He took a drink from a metal flask. 
"Prince Darin told me to come and see him." 
"Don't give me that shit.  In the middle of the night?" 
"Yes, my grandmother's supposed to be here by morning.  Prince Darin thought I should be there to surprise her.  Who was that on the horse?"
"An old friend of yours, the Falcon.  His real name's Perrine, and he was the King's secretary."
"How do you know it was him?"
"I checked his background.  He was raised in an orphanage in Riverton.  His mother was a prostitute and his father was the Elf Mellen."
Alex gasped.  "His son?  And you let him get away?"
"He won't go far--he'll be dead in a few minutes.  That's his blood on my sword.  You know, Ellsworth just told me a funny thing.  He said that you thought I tried to kill you."  Colonel Jeffrey wiped his blade with a handkerchief.
"You did.  You tried several times, but you failed."  
"Let's finish it now, bitch!  Prepare to die." 
Alex felt her jaw drop.  This wasn't completely unexpected, but she had hoped it would never come to this.  She drew her sword.  "Colonel Jeffrey, this isn't really necessary.  I told Lord Ellsworth that he could have my money if he wants it.  There's also a bag of gold nuggets on the table in my room you can have."
Jeffrey raised his sword.  "Salute!"
Alex blinked her eyes in resignation.  Then, she shouted, "Salute!" and hoped someone would hear her.  She raised her sword to her face and moved into position.  
Their swords clashed.  Alex felt his superior strength immediately, and he attacked viciously, but he was slow, almost awkward.  She backed away, using a technique she'd developed for a stronger opponent to deflect an attack and keep him at bay.  It was also meant to frustrate the opponent into making a mistake.  The Colonel got increasingly frustrated.
"Fight me, bitch!"  He attacked again.  
She continued to fight off his blows in the same manner.  He stepped back and took a breath.  Again, he attacked, but this time, she caught him off guard and sliced him across the chest.  He touched the surface wound and stared at his hand, covered in blood. 
"That's more like it--fight for your life."  He raised his sword again, only to be tackled by the Commandant and Major Jimm.  
Beren wrapped his arms around Alex firmly and pulled her away.
"What's going on?"  Lord Ellsworth stood between them, leaning on his cane.  "Where are you going, Lady Alexin?"
"Prince Darin said my Elf grandmother was arriving in the morning.  He thought it would be a nice surprise if I went there to greet her, but it'll take me the rest of the night to get there.  On my way out, Colonel Jeffrey challenged me to fight for my life, Lord Ellsworth.  Now, do you understand why I can't marry him?"
"Young lady, you must have my permission to leave."  
"Why do you always have to cause such a scene?"  Beren scolded her.
"Colonel Jeffrey attacked me.  I was trying to leave quietly.  Let go of me."  Alex pulled away from Beren's grip.  
"Ellsworth, I can explain this shit.  It's Alex.  She's fucking dangerous," Jeffrey said.  
"This isn't about Alex.  And stop cussing.  It makes you sound drunk."  
"But it is about her.  She's dangerous, the most dangerous person on this island.  No one's been able to kill her, not even Mellen."  
Ellsworth grabbed him by the shoulder and spun him around, hitting him squarely on the chin with his fist.  
Jeffrey stumbled backwards, falling to the ground and rubbed his jaw in surprise. 
"Enough of this," Ellsworth said.  "Stop blaming everyone else for your problems, Jeffrey.  I should put you in prison for the rest of your life.  Leave Alex alone.  Am I clear?  She isn't the problem.  You are."  He pulled several pieces of parchment from his pocket.  "The King of Southport sent me a copy of Lady Elissa's confession today.  I read all of it.  It was you.  You were the one.  You were the real pirate spy.  You gave the information to Hodges, and he sold it to the pirates.  He was just the middleman.  How much did you get for it?  Where's the money?" 
Jeffrey stared at him.  He pressed his lips together, but didn't reply. 
Shocked, Alex turned to look at Beren.  Everyone else stood in stunned silence.   
"Where is it?"  Ellsworth demanded, shaking the papers at him. 
"Northern Borders."  Jeffrey's head drooped.    
"Why?  Why did you do this?" 
"The Kingdom was bankrupt, Ellsworth.  We knew it.  We wanted money and women.  You wanted it, too.  You can't deny it.  It would have worked, except for Alex.  I should have killed her a long time ago."  He stood up, pulling the flask from his pocket and took a long drink.  He exhaled with pleasure.
"What's that?"  Ellsworth asked.
"It's empty."  Jeffrey held it upside-down.  When a drop came out, he caught it on his finger and licked it.
Ellsworth grabbed the flask from his hand and sniffed it.  "Whiskey.  Jeffrey, this is whiskey.  How much have you had?"
"I don't know.  A lot.  I'm feeling it now.  Nothing can hurt me.  Not even Alex."
"You know what whiskey can do.  It killed father.  He couldn't stop drinking it.  He drank so much he fell into a stupor and died.  It's poison.  That's why I had it banned."  
"Hodges kept a supply at his house.  He drank it all the time in Agana when he was the Ambassador.  Wendell sent several more casks after he died.  I need a drink.  I want to be in a stupor.  Would you like some?  Oh, sorry, I forgot.  I need to go back to the house and fill up.  All my bottles are empty.  I'm out.  Shit!"  He threw the empty flask on the ground.  
"Is that why you moved into Hodges's house?  For whiskey.  Lyle, take some men there and destroy it."
"No, don't do that.  I need some more.  Ellsworth, I can't live without it."  Jeffrey staggered over to Beren.  "Why are you shaking your head, Beren?  You wanted to kill her, too.  You told me.  No one wants you, Alex, you fucking bitch." 
Beren pushed him away.  "You stink!  She's my only blood relative, the only family I have left.  You even told me you loved her."
"It was a damned lie.  It was all a lie.  I lied--you lied--everyone lied.  Alex, I lied to you.  I don't love you.  I hate you--you killed my brother!  Hodges and Wendell are dead because of you.  It's all your fault."  He fell to his knees and put his head in his hands, crying.  "Hodges, why did you leave me?  I don't want to live without you."  With that, he fell on the ground and passed out. 

Lord Ellsworth had Jeffrey taken away.  He sank onto a bench and wept, covering his face. 
Alex knelt beside him.  "I'm sorry, Lord Ellsworth." 
"You share none of the blame, Alex.  I am so sorry this happened to you.  Whiskey does terrible things.  It killed my father, and I don't want that to happen to Jeffrey.  I'll take care of him.  Didn't you say you were going to see Prince Darin?  You'd better be on your way if you want to get there in time, my dear.  Give him my regards.  We'll work things out." 
Alex hugged him.  She felt sad, but at the same time, relieved.  As she turned away, she stopped in her tracks, recalling the witch's prediction.  It came true once again, but this time, the Ace of Spades turned out to be Jeffrey.  
She picked up her bag and turned to the stables.  Alex saddled her horse, allowing herself a small smile.  She congratulated herself on a successful mission and held her head higher.  Her grandmother would be proud--at least she hoped so.  She sat up straighter in the saddle, feeling confident.  Her mission, the Blood Mission, was a complete success, but she wasn't a soldier anymore.  Her Elf grandmother would no doubt be pleased.  But…
What will she do now?  	



